5	A superb little restaurant off the beaten path. There are 10 tables, seemingly two people running the front side and apparently someone doing the cooking. I've eaten at this restaurant several times for lunch.  The lunch crowd comes from the wide amount of white-collar businesses in the area, including the healthcare place across the street. At its busiest, the service is still remarkable. The other day, the two people running the front were actually RUNNING to keep the service as best they can.  Holy cow! My iced tea glass, even then, was never empty for more than a few minutes. And what wonderfully-strong iced tea it was! Lunch specials reasonably priced under ten dollars and FANTASTIC flavors! Pad Thai, Red Curry Chicken, Yellow Curry Chicken, Spicy Chili Mint Chicken, and a large assortment of larger entrees on the menu. Did I mention those two people were RUNNING to keep up? Holy cow. I actually hesitate to even review this place and keep it to myself, but it is so very hard to find a restaurant (especially at lunch time) with staff that actually CARE. The decor is mediocre, and it is clearly a store-front hole-in-the-wall place, but this restaurant stands out for its selection of food, price value, and service. RUNNING, I tell you. Aerobically moving so fast to deliver food and refill water glasses and take new orders and .... THEY WERE RUNNING! Holy cow. Outstanding experience for me every time.
5	THEY WERE RUNNING! Superb service, superb price, superb quality. And running, I tell you, to keep the service up taking orders and refilling drinks and settling checks and serving food.  Holy cow. I dropped in for lunch earlier this week again, and everything was exactly like I said in my initial review. This place is a joy for me every time. Wow. Holy cow. Incredible.
5	OK LETS FACE IT WHERE THE HELL IS THE LOVE FOR SAKUN THAI?????? THIS PLACE BLOWS EVERY OTHER PLACE IN TOWN AWAY!! (except lotus) The service actually good which means the best service of all time in a thai restaurant. we all know they have the worst service ever even lotus has the worst service of anywhere i go.  the best brown rice of all time. everything here is very good the curry's have lots of flavor. definitely go here if your in the area and they do very efficient take out. This place needs way more recognition among some of the awful thai restaurants around vegas. Archi's being one of them
3	Meh, their Thai was good, but way too much Chinese stuff on their menu.  I go during lunch, and the service can be a bit slow then.  Decor is about on par for other Thai strip mall joints.
5	If you like Thai cuisine, you owe it to yourself to try this place. We order lunch from here once a week at the office. Great food and service. I especially like the Lunch Specials, and for me the Spicy Mint Chicken (spicy levels 1-10 - but I order a 20) is the bomb. In store service is great with friendly staff. Try it out and say 'Number One' recommended you.
4	Fantastic Flavors, service, and price! I am no stranger to settling for mediocre food at a moment of weakness onset by the growls of one's insides, however what was to be a quick bite at a unremarkable strip mall turned out to be a pleasant surprise!  It seems nowadays if an Asian restaurant can pull off a half way decent "orange-Meat o'choice" dish  that they can float by in the world of economic Asian cuisine. I exhaustively disagree (despite how much I may love crunchy deep fried tidbits of meat drowned in sticky sweet sauce) and Sakun Thai is a perfect example of what I would like to expect from such a restaurant. The food was flavorful and packed with great fresh ingredients. I was most surprised by the Hot and Sour soup which was full of great bits of vegetables, mushrooms, and a small kick of chili heat. There's some love that went into making the soup and you can taste it! I was in for lunch so the rest of the lunch special came with an egg roll and crispy wonton which were nothing to "Yelp" about, however the red curry was exactly what I hoped for. Nothing fancy, just done right, with the heat level I asked for. The red curry primarily contained chicken and bamboo shoots which I ate over rice and enjoyed thoroughly. If you are looking for casual Asian dining, friendly service, good prices (between $6-10/per person), and most importantly flavorful food, check out Sakun Thai.
5	Wow! Amazing! The Best Thai food in Las Vegas! Great food and friendly service.
4	This was a surprising find. BF took me here when we were on this part of town for a job interview I had. He told me it was a staple spot for his buddy who lived nearby. Not much to look at, definitely hole in the wall in an old shopping center, but very solid offerings. Best hole in the walls are like that though- no ambiance, but c'mon it's about the food. BF wanted his favorite ground chicken with thai basil. I saw a special on the board that made me happy- smoked milkfish with a mango salad. His Thai Basil was yummy, but this was all about the fish for me that day. That was a might tasty special with a nice blend of the smokey taste to the fish with the fresh sour, sweet of the mango salad. MMM loved every bit and it was a big fish so I had some leftover for lunch. I don't see this on other Thai restaurants menu and would love to come back when they have this. It's very similar to something Filipinos normally eat except the smoked fish is also fried up to a crisp. We have also stopped in for takeout and have gotten delivery at my BF's friends place. Gotten eggrolls, satay, more chicken thai basil, chicken panang, pad see ew and everything has been delicious. It definitely is one of the better Thai places in Vegas and a solid spot to drop in if you're on that side of town.
4	I recently started working in an office near Sakun Thai when I travel to Las Vegas. I have yet to eat in the restaurant but I have ordered delivery twice and both times was pleasantly surprised. They are true to their spicing scale for sure. I have thai at least once per week when at home or on the road and Sakun Thai has jumped to close to the top of my list of favorites. The Pad Thai was good but the Panaeng Curry was to die for. I love that they have brown rice (I haven't found many thai restaurants that do) and it was delicious with the Curry. I look forward to sampling the various other items on the menu!
3	I've been working at the same place for years. I'm not sure why I've never bothered to try Sakun before. I finally did today.I usually go for lunch specials, but I really wanted to sample their Panang Curry. I ordered a Chicken Panang. It comes with a small to-go box of rice, which is nowhere near enough for me. Actually, the serving of rice is fine except for the fact that the Panang helping is huge!The verdict? It was pretty good. I am constantly searching for Panang in Vegas that comes even close to Archi's Thai Kitchen. I have yet to find it. Still, Sakun Thai is a good find. It's close to work and serves up good Thai food (based on my heretofore one dish experience).I'll be back to try more.
5	I have been going to Sakun Thai ever since it was open. I have gone to Thailand and this is the closest to authentic Thai food your going to get in Las Vegas short of flying to Thailand. One of my favorite dishes is the Steamed Catfish Delight. I like it nuclear but you can get it from 1 to 10 in heat level. Great food at a great price.
4	We live right down the street and love thai food, but for some reason, I never noticed Sakun Thai. Maybe it's because it's located in a strip mall behind a liquor store?? Of course, I have learned the lesson that all good Thai food is served in a random strip mall, and Sakun Thai is no exception. We had the egg rolls, green curry, and mongolian beef. All were good, but I really loved the curry. The dinner portions are huge and prices are reasonable. I did happen to see on the menu that they have a great lunch special - choice of entrees, salad, egg roll, and drink for like $6. The decor inside is your average strip-mall Thai restaurant. Minus one star, though, for not serving alcohol (where's my Singha??).
5	It's the best Thai restaurant in town! Tiny place, both times we've been there we were the only table for most of our meal. But don't let that fool you! Staff is friendly and attentive, dining room is clean, and the food is great. They don't dull down the spice for the white people either. I ordered an 8 on a scale of 10, and it was plenty spicy.
4	I ordered the vegetable pad thai with tofu.  I asked for extra peanuts and green onion but didn't see any, it probably sounded like I said No peanuts or green onion.  It was good even without, though it wasn't the best I've had, it was still good.  I liked the amount of vegetable and noodle.  I was most impressed with the tofu.  I don't like when I get tofu thats fried so much it has a weird texture, almost dry yet chewy in a bad way and the inside is almost hollow.  Sakun's tofu had a slightly crispy outside and still looked and tasted like good tofu.This was an unexpected happy surprise.  Their portions are large and could feed two people, or one hungry krystal.My co-workers had the green curry and panang curry, both veg with tofu and they said it was great.  I'm not sure if I'll have the pad thai again, but I would like to try the curry.  I will definitely come back here.
4	I had the tofu green curry with no fish sauce or green bell pepper at a medium spice with brown rice. There was a good amount of tofu and veg and nice flavors. I did find one slice of green bell pepper.  The brown rice is a good, healthy option. The medium is spicy, next time i will order mild.This place is great for pick up or dining in, but pricey for delivery. I spent $20 on lunch, the curry was $10+$3 dollar delivery charge and a tip.I'm having the leftovers for lunch today with some sesame kale i got from the market this morning. If you like thai food this is a good place to get it in the southeast.
3	After work I had a craving for something that had tons of veggies and spicyness.  What else would would be better than Thai?  Since I live right down the road, I pass this place every day and finally decided to stop in.I've found that the tiny, hole in the wall, "ma & pa" eateries usually have the most authentic cuisine, and Sakun Thai holds true to this.  I ordered the Papaya Salad ($7.95), and Spicy Eggplant w/Jumbo Shrimp ($9.95).  The Papaya Salad comprised of your standard ingredients and had a good flavor.  Only thing I didn't like about it were the tiny tiny tiny shrimp mixed in.  They were so small, only about a half inch in total length, so I'm not sure if they were shrimp or brine (lol), but they were somewhat hard and very fishy tasting.  I picked these out.  After spitting them out that is.The Spicy Eggplant w/Jumbo Shrimp was flavorful.  It was comprised of shrimp, eggplant, sweet basil, chili, onion & bell pepper.  They didn't skimp on the amount of shrimp or eggplant, and these shrimp were a lot better than the midget shrimp described above.I could have ordered one or the other since the portions were larger than I expected, and I still would have had left overs.  I got a #7 spice level and still added some myself, next time I'll be going with an 8 or 9.  That's only because I like super spicy.  I had my order to go but the service was still great.  Gina, who I believe is the owner, was very cheerful and we had great conversation while my order was being prepared.Since the food, pricing, location and service was good, this will probably be one of my regular stops when I need to satisfy a spice craving.  I actually liked this place better than Lotus of Siam (which I think is WAY overrrated).
5	It's this little hole-in-the-wall spot serving home-cooked meals! Perfect for cheap $5 lunch during the weekdays and perfect for week nights with the fam-a-lam. Their Pad Thai is one of the best I've tasted, for reals! Their Green Curry is so good, I always order it everytime I come back just make sure you don't go ballsy on the "spice" level, they don't mess around. Ask for a level 2 out of 10 and you'll get a 11! LOL Overall this spot is too hard for the f'n radio. This is on my top 10 in Vegas! Oh and don't sleep on dessert, go order the Mango Sticky Rice!
4	Another one of those little hole in the wall places. And you know what that means, it is the most authentic you can get.I have been around this area for so long because I have family and friends whom live in this neighborhood and never paid any attention to this place. This restaurant was suggested so we all decided to come here.This is another restaurant that you shouldn't judge from the outside appearance! I ordered the chicken Pad Thai lunch special (only $6.50) comes with soup and spring roll. Pad Thai- very flavorful with lots of sauce. I enjoyed it and was very pleased. I can't really complain, except that I thought it was a little more saucy than I'm use to. However, I think that's the real way it's suppose to be. The decor was very mom and pop-ish and there was plenty of people eating while we had our lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. I definitely recommend this place if you're ever in the area.
4	I'm giving them four starts because I've only been to this place one and got to taste one dish... which was Pad Thai lunch special.All lunch specials come with an egg roll, white/fried rice, and a bowl of soup. You get to choose spicy level from 1 to 10 for your Pad Thai. I chose 7 and it was not too spicy, just about what I imagined spicy level 7 to be. Overall, I liked the food and service. The ambiance was okay, as it is a very local friendly place and a casual dining place.
5	Fabulous! This was a yelp find for us. A total gem. Gina was great to us and the food was incredible. WAY underpriced for what you get. We had mixed veg tofu & yellow curry chicken. Both came with rice, soup, a fried wonton, a small egg roll! For $6.50. We're touring and hope to return tmorrow before heading south.
5	Fast, Cheap, and delicious!
5	I do not give out the stars easily but for Gina and Sakun Thai they get all five.I give this rating because we frequent the place every week and are never disappointed.  Sakun is small and in a tiny strip mall.  Look past that and there is great food at a very reasonable price that is consistently good.  The staff is always working hard and it shows in the service and the food.  Is there ever anything not perfect?  Sure, it happens, but this little gem is a must stop.  If they ever get any media traction i am sure the food will be rated higher.My only request is some special dishes that rotate once a week.  We would come just to see what the chef created.
4	Their stuffed chicken wings are the bomb!  It's all about their cucumber & onion sauce - so vinegary-good!  I like spicy food, but beware, the spice here can be pretty strong.  I had their pad see ew twice, the first time was not good due to the spice level.  The second time it was awesome.  Their yellow curry is also great.
4	I really enjoy this place. The food is great and spicy and the lady working there is so friendly and remembered who I was when I went in the second time. I like that.The red curry with tofu was so delicious. Lots of flavor and spice. The green curry, chicken chili mint and pad thai are also fantastic. Try the lemon thai iced tea. Refreshing and yummy. It comes with lemon and without condensed milk. I get it every time.A big plus for me is the offering of brown instead of white rice. And their brown rice is cooked perfectly with a little black rice also mixed in.Great spot for lunch but it does get busy and sometimes the service can be slow because of that.
5	Love it!! We just started eating here and have never had a bad experience or bad meal here. They ask you "on a scale of 1 to 10 how spicy you want it" ? I'm glad they asked, because I want a 7 , not a 5 and not a 10 ..... usually everyone else is somewhere in between. The staff is as wonderful as their Thai Tea. They are just warm genuine people that take pride in the food the prepare and the service they give. My favorites are the pad Thai and the spicy fried rice. Awesome lunch specials that are $6.50 a plate between 11am-3pm. Wish I had more to say , but "please believe" its worth checking out!
5	I ate here when they first opened up and was impressed and kept coming back.  I don't live close by any more but I still order and take out when I get a chance. We would take friends here if they wanted Thai food. They were also impressed.  Every time I get a craving for Thai food this is the first place I think of.  Favorite dishes: Spicy eggplant at level 7, Pad See Ew, stufffed chicken wings, chicken satay.  I haven't tried their Chinese stuff but I'm sure it won't disappoint.  This is a true "hole in the wall" mom an pop outfit and it's great.  They are behind the Circle K (formerly Jays Market) on the SW corner of Warms Springs and Spencer about a mile and a half heading east on Warm Springs off the 215 eastbound.
4	Little hole-in-the-wall place but great on price and flavor.I ordered Tofu Pad See Ew with extra chinese broccoli. It was good but just a tad too sweet.Co-workers ordered lunch pad thai (which I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this because I usually don't like pad thai) and I really enjoyed the purple rice she opted to have. Good flavor and cooked perfectly. For the price and everything that came with it, it's a killer deal.Sad to know they'll be doing renovations for the next month and I won't be able to eat there, but it's good to hear they're expanding! Must mean the business and the food is good! A must try!
5	I dont write long reviews but WOWWWWW this is by far the most legite thai food ive had since being in thailand. BOMB.com Our food was amaing.
4	I finally tried this place for the first time in the beginning or Aug '11. well more like i was trying to find a spot to eat. Read the review about this place and decided to give it a try. yes its a hole in a wall joint but damn i enjoy the food over here. better than some other thai joints i have ate in Vegas. customer service was great too. Can wait to go back ... that weekend i was there was their final day to be open. They are closing down to expand their resturant!!! So they told me they wont be opening up again in a month or two!
1	I really enjoyed this restaurant and I have NEVER had a problem...until today. I ordered the Beef Jerkey and found that it was pork. They were awesome said bring it back we will make you a new one. Okay fine. Then the new one is chicken. I am Thai so I know what this is supposed to be. The guy straight up tries to tell me that it's beef. He also refuses to give me my money back for something they clearly cannot get right. I will NEVER eat here again.
5	Had the lunch Pad Thai special and beef jerky and sticky rice. The food was great and the service was nice.
4	Very Nice.  I will go back.I have recently been trying Vietnamese and Thai food, which I generally don't eat very much of even though I have traveled to these countries and been around the food.For Thai food, I liked this place and will go back for sure.1.  Ambiance - Odd, small strip mall, easy parking.  Inside, many tables and plenty of seating options. Typical chair and table or booth setting.  Very basic clean and utilitarian setting. 2.  Service - We went at 11:30 and there were not too many people. Staff was friendly and super attentive.   Ready to give us recommendations or suggestions as we are still quite the novice.3.  FoodTom Yam Soup (Seafood) - Ordered 5/10 spicy and it had a very nice kick.  Plenty of shrimp and the flavor was very subtle.Penang Curry (Chicken) - Ordered 8 / 10 spicy.  Very nice, flavorful and doesn't burn the mouth. This was very enjoyable.Pad Thai (Chicken) Ordered 5/10 spicy and it was just right mix as some of our dining colleagues do not enjoy too much spice.Eggplant (Ground Pork)  - Ordered 5/10 spicy.  The eggplant is not something I normally order, yet it was very tender, very nice texture and ordering ground pork on it instead of sliced beef or etc makes it just right.Rice - We ordered regular rice since the sauces seem to get absorbed by the rice anyway, and it doesn't seem right to use Fried Rice to absorb the other flavors. Decent portions and they give you more if you ask.GK Says to check it out!
4	After spending the weekend eating high end casino restaurant food, we were in the mood for something different.  I yelped the nearest Thai food to us (coming back from the golf course).  We tried this place and are so glad we did.  The restaurant is in a little strip mall so ambiance is not the reason for coming here.  Our food on the other hand, was outstanding.  I ordered a noodle dish (I don't want to lie about the name) with glass noodles, chicken, and veggies.  The husband had chicken penang.  It was less spicy than we are used to, but the flavors were spot on.  Overall, this food was wonderful and reasonably priced.  The waitress was sweet and attentive. This was such a nice break from the Strip restaurants and extremely  close to the airport rental car return.
3	This is not the best Thai food  you'll ever have and it's not the worst. It's OK.Let's rate the Pad Thai. As compared to Pin Kaow, the dish is not so good; as compared to Thai House on Maryland Parkway, Sakun's Pad Thai is far superior.All in all I rate Sakun well below Pin Kaow, but far above Thai House, and maybe not quite as good as Satay Thai Bistro, based on food alone. The spiciness, as in most Thai restaurants is geared to American tastes, so a "10" comes in about as hot as most bottled salsas.I will return here, mainly because it's conveniently located to where I work, and the value is good for very edible food.
5	Incredible food. Spicy mint chicken and massamun were absolutely delicious. Sad to say they don't offer the 20 percent off for cash anymore. Can't wait to return.
4	Food was made fresh to order. Chef made special gluten-free & vegan dishes that were great. Nice to find a pad Thai without fish sauce & choose my own spice level. Water glass was refilled way before empty. Wish it was closer to home but we've still gone 2 days in a row & haven't yet made it for the lunch special. Even their dinner prices are a great value.
3	Been meaning to make it in here for sometime.  Went with a colleague from the office.  Went in and firstly found it to have a cheerful ambience.  I would've never stopped in as it is a little strip mall and without Yelp's help I would've never tried it.Had the lunch special Red curry chicken and chilli mint chicken.Soup meh... Some type of tofu with veggie soup not good not badSpring rolls averageChillimint chicken I ordered a spicy on a 7 from a 1-10 scale.  Had me sweating and red faced (I like it like that)  I liked this dish very muchRed Curry Chicken - (set at a spicy 5 for my colleague) It was good and enjoyed it quite a bit.Overall I will try this more and check back in.  Good for lunch good for take-away, however not a date night place.  After I check a few more dishes for food purposes alone I would put this place as a 4 for ambiance it is marked down to a 3.By the way service was good and friendly
5	Best Thai Food in Vegas! Owners are so friendly and Food is always great! They just need to get their liquor license to serve beer and wine :-)
1	Do not order delivery!!!! Ridiculous!! They sent out menus to I'm assuming nearby areas 2 wks ago. We decided to try, they don't understand english!!!! And they got upset and switch callers on me ( all speak broken English) to correct the order! It's as simple as removing 1 item that we didn't order but they charged!!! Then the prices on the newly mailed out menus are a dollar or 2 off!!
5	Sakun Thai is the only Thai restaurant our family orders from! The staff is amazing and so kind! They make sure to cater to every need we have. Their food is authentic as the owners are from Thailand themselves! This would explain the broken English, but we have never had an issue with our orders. A little patience on both ends of the phone goes a long way! I would highly recommend sakun Thai to everyone!  Keep up the good work, outstanding service and delicious food!!!!
1	Well this is my first less than flattering review. I bought some soup and it had large noodles that seemed to be the ones that stick to the top of the pot when you boil them, It wasn't cooked, it was still hard. But the cook didn't care. Well I do. 4 times I have been there and 4 times a problem. They need a cook that cares, because when she saw the uncooked noodle and served it to me, She mush have thought It didn't matter. well it did. Not a very good place to eat. They need to get rid of cooks that are not into their work. No wonder when I drive by it's usually empty tables. Sorry to have to communicate this, I tried and gave the benefit of the doubt. But after 4 fails. I won't be coming back. And get rid of the guy with the baseball cap and dirty t shirt hanging around the kitchen, that doesn't look good to a customer.
4	My hubby and I are Thai food fanatics and we both attest that this is THE BEST Thai food in the area; we have one or more of our "staples" delivered on a near-weekly basis:Pineapple Duck CurryVegetable Fried rice (brown rice!)Tom Yum soupPanang CurryBeef Lard NaI agree the curry is watery but its THICK on flavor, veggies and meat which is preferable to the skimpy pieces here and there served at... other places. And besides, isn't that what the rice is for - to soak up all that spicy goodness?The Tom Yum (spicy 4) is the most authentic and addictive in town; and again, full of meat and veggies.Portions are GENEROUS for the aforementioned items; we receive so much fried rice that it lasts for not 1, not 2 but THREE meals!  I do think more noodles should be provided for the Lard Na but only because the gravy / meat / veggie portion is so generous (which is a good thing). And did I mention they serve BROWN rice?! And not the gross dry brown rice, but yummy, filling, unique brown (almost black) rice!
2	This was my first experience with Thai food and I have to say I am very disappointed. Originally I had high hopes since the decor was very airy and light and there was a lot of customers. The soup was not bad. It had a bit too much MSG and included store-bought frozen wontons but the taste was A-OK. However, the curry itself was too watery and extremely sweet. The amount of meat to vegetables was very disproportionate as well (however, their portions for the curry itself is very generous). I expected something much more richer and filling but I could barely get through my dish. The rice was a highlight. Nicely cooked but they do not give enough for a normal meal.Overall this does not make me want to come back or try another Thai restaurant any time soon.
2	Went here last week with my bf it was right down the street from his job so we went for lunch. I ordered off the lunch special menu I got the Pad Thai lunch special which was 5.95 It came with an egg roll some chicken fried won ton thing and soup. The Pad Thai was pretty good I got a 7 out of 10 for spicy, I actually spit out the egg roll it was kinda nasty and I wasn't a fan of the soup or the won ton, over all the place was ok at best and in this case you definitely pay for what you get. I probably wont be returning to this place seeing that there are so many good Thai restaurants out there.
2	Ran into this place because co-worker was hungry.The service was good very fast ... but the food was ok.My co worker i went with is Indian and he did not care for his dish ... some curry dish.I ordered something simple egg noodles with wonton. It was ok. nothing that stood out for me. Give it a try and take care of the service people ... they work really hard.
2	We used to eat here once a week because it was that good. The last take out a couple days ago was so disappointing, and we ordered our usual favorites: Panang Curry and Pad Woon Sen with Shrimp. Panang's taste had changed and the Pad Sen had a chewy piece of meat in it  (i ordered shrimp) and some sharp small bone-like things that almost made me puke when I spit them out. I used to think this place was 5 star also, but you only get 2 when you mess with people's food. *sigh* I'll give it a shot one more time, but the once a week visits are over. It'll be a few months before you see me again.So long Sakun Thai
1	This place lost all of its charm and quality after the remodel. I am pretty certain it's totally new ownership as well. The chicken wing was great now it taste like deep fried chicken excrement . As u can see I used to rave about this place and eat here a few times a week. Now I go to Thai Room on Tropicana. DON'T waste your ducats on this crap. I wouldn't feed my worst enemy's dog this food.
5	I have searched and searched and I can't find a place that has Better roasted duck curry, it is by far the best ive ever had, EVER! The Thai beef jerky is also the best ive ever had. I ordered from here like 10 days in a row, one day I had them deliver twice, then I got embarrassed and had my boyfriend go pick it up. Ha soooooooooo goooooooood!!
4	My go to lunch place. Service can be hit or miss, but they try. Probably the best curry in town.
2	Lackluster food, unpleasant service. Otherwise, this is a fairly unremarkable establishment, after all.
4	Can talk only about the one item I ordered. The green curry chicken was great. Ordered it with brown rice (not fried rice) and they made a good match. I have not had the brown rice before. It reminded me of boiled wheat. Prices were very reasonable. I will definitely visit this place next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Looking for a place open on Labor Day for lunch, my coworker and myself ended up at Sakun Thai. We were pleasantly surprised by the size and nice decor by this very unassuming restaurant. We were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken swiftly. That's where the quick service stopped. Our drinks took a while to arrive and it took the waitress a little longer to take our orders. I decided on the massaman with pork at medium spice level. Once our food arrived, I was happy with the presentation. The food looked very appetizing and tasted pretty good as well. My curry was perfectly spiced, but just a little sweeter than I prefer. It tasted like there was too much coconut milk in the dish. My coworker enjoyed the sweet aspect, but I was just happy that I didn't decide to order kang kua since that would most likely be way too sweet for me. They offer brown rice as well, which I think is a good touch. Overall, we had a pleasant meal here but it's definitely not the best Thai food I've had in town. I'll be back since I work in the area.
5	Great place for great food!  Been back several times since the first.  Make sure you leave room for the Mango Sticky Rice dessert.  You will be glad you did...
5	Sakun Thai is one of my favourite restaurant in Henderson.I have been going to Sakun Thai for almost 5 years.Every time I go there, I've hardly get disppointed.The restaurant have a great variety of dishes to serve both American and Thai customers.I love their papaya salad and beef jerky as well as Las Naa.They make yummy Pad Thai  as well as Barbeque chicken.Apart from that their Pad Woon Sen with Shrimp or with Tofu is also one of my favourite dishes at Sakun Thai.The flavour and taste of the food here are quite close to the original.I am Thai and I can garantee you that.To me the  service here is excellent,the servers and the chef do their best to make customers happy. Sometimes I am on a diet and make a special request from the restaurant, the servers and the chef always accommodate me.If you are looking for Thai food in Henderson area I would highly recommend Sakun Thai.
3	Sakun was closed for a couple months (new owners? not sure) and just reopened last night for Valentine's Day. Well, we did not know it was the grand reopening and just decided to stop by for an inexpensive, unassuming V-day dinner with the little one. They've expanded the dining room a little into the neighboring space and got new booths, so that's a plus, but overall, the decor is about the same as it was.The food was still good and we went out on a limb for Thai pork sausage this time. It was a little spicy and served with ginger, peanuts, and lettuce for creating a little wrap, but the meat was a little fatty for me (but then, I find most sausage a little too fatty). My husband and daughter loved it, however, so feel free to try if you're into sausage. The service was friendly, but otherwise horrible. After taking our orders, a different waitress came back almost 10 minutes later to explain that they were not doing dinner specials tonight, but did we still want the same thing as entrees. Fine, yes. It took another 10 minutes to get our appetizers, but at least we had some food. It took another 15 minutes to get our entrees and even then, they only brought 2 of the 3 things we ordered. We ate those 2 for about 15 minutes before asking for the check. When the check came, I told the waitress that we never received the pad thai and could she please take it off. She passed it off to another waitress who came back a couple minutes later, saying the pad thai just came out. Um, you were really going to serve my entree over 20 minutes after my husband already got his?I'm giving them a break on the service just this once, since it was their opening night and they seemed to have some kind of buffet set up for a large private party.Prices are cheap (~$11 for the dinner special, if you can get it, which includes soup, rice, crab rangoon, and egg roll) and even cheaper at lunch.The highlight of the night was the Thai karaoke that was going on when we got there, complete with disco lights on the ceiling, and was soon followed by A THAI ELVIS IMPERSONATOR! Oh yes! He played basically the entire time we were there, and our daughter got out on the little dance floor to join a couple other kids who were shaking it to "I Can't Help Falling in Love With You." So even though I think an unassuming thai meal like this one should take about 30 minutes to order, get the food, and eat (ours was almost 90!), I can't help but give bonus points to a place with live music, LET ALONE an Elvis impersonator.
4	Great place for Thai food. Nice friendly service, authentic flavors and good food. The fish cakes and Thai sausage are two of our favorite apps.
4	I have been here on many occasions since my initial visit here last year. I have also somehow earned the Duchess title, so I feel the need to update and upgrade this review. This is not my favorite Thai place in Las Vegas by a longshot, but they have solid dishes and considering how often I come here and leave feeling full and happy I think that's reason enough to give them another star. The service is solid and friendly and there are plenty of inexpensive lunch specials to keep me interested as well as a menu full of goodies. One of my favorite dishes to order here is the green curry with tofu or pork. It's flavorful and they always set the spice level exactly at what I order. Never intolerably spicy and never too bland. I have a number of other dishes from their menu and although some have been a miss, for the most part I enjoy just about everything I have tried, minus the bland soup they now serve instead of egg drop. One of my favorite things about this place is the Thai brown rice they serve instead of the regular brown most are used to. That is definitely a nice change of pace.
5	This place is great. The food is delicious with generous portions. The waitress was very helpful and genuinely pleasant. She was able to help my husband accurately gauge the amount of hotness to order (it was his first time having Thai) and he was very pleased.
5	Yummy food. Plenty to choose from on the menu. Amazing Thai tea. Definitely recommend checking-in!
3	This place finally started serving beer and wine, so after a long wait, I tried this place out.  My GF had the egg drop soup, which I normally am not a fan of, Sakun's version is great!  I had 3 bowls and there was still a huge amount left in the bowl they served us.  I had the yellow chicken curry which was just OK.  The chicken itself was very bland (and I asked for spice #9), the curry sauce was good but not very spicy.  The service was very good.  I am going to give this spot a few more chances as it is really close to my house and I love thai food.  So I am hoping the cook just had an off night in respect to his curry dish.
2	Adequate.  The free Thai tea for my first Yelp check-in was nice.  The panang-gai wasn't spicy at all and was a bit bland.  The rice didn't smell or taste like jasmine rice.  I'll try again and let you know.
3	Another Elite Emily Excursion, our usually-weekly lunch date. This time we had a hankerin' for Thai, which of course means my favorite Thai meal in the whole entire universe... sweet pineapple fried rice!The place itself is small but cute, tucked away off of Warm Springs. And they have a Yelp offer, so make sure to check in and get that Thai Tea!The food was not really remarkable, not terrible though. A good quantity for the price. My pineapple fried rice was good, but that's about it. Other places make the dish a really great balance of spicy and sweet, whereas here it was meh and sweet. I nommed down the whole thing though, so it mustn't have been too bad.Service is awesome and quick, so while there may be better out there, if you're in a hurry, this is not a bad option.
4	I live around the corner and order delivery on the regular.  Really tasty pad thai and very convenient.  I recommend.
4	One of my fav's for authentic Thai food and you don't have to go to the strip. Always order the tom yum (ground chx) noodle soup from their lunch menu. Comfort food that always satisfies.
5	This is the best thai food in town. Staff is friendly, and  price is reasonable!
5	I've been traveling to Thailand for almost 20 years now,  and can speak and write some Thai.  I own a home in Thailand, and also Las Vegas.  Las Vegas has many Thai Restaurants but you won't always find Thai cooks in the back, or even cooks that are any good.Sakun Thai is authentic Thai Food.   It's as good if not better than the many restaurants I visit on a daily basis in Bangkok.  If you want to try REAL Thai food,  with exceptionally friendly staff,  go to Sakun Thai.They can serve some dishes not so spicy, but remember,  Thai food is best served when spicy.   So grow a pair, and sweat a little :)
5	I eat here several times a month. Food is great, service is prompt and the place is clean.
5	Amazing food and very friendly staff. Even with our 3 kids our server waited on us hand and foot.
5	I love this place. The ladies working there are so very sweet and accommodating. The food is very authentic with a great array of fresh herbs and spices that make Thai food so delicious. Their menu is not huge, but some of the more common dishes are a given. The prices are moderate and they have great lunch specials. I believe it is somewhere around $7 for a soup, eggroll and a choice of entree. The restaurant is clean and spacious, even though you wouldn't expect it to be either based on its location. They now serve beer and wine, although the beer list is limited to four options and they are $4 ea. I am excited to try more of their menu, because everything I have tried so far has been very delicious and a great value for the quality and quantity of food.
5	This place should get 6 stars!  The food is amazing and the service is very friendly.  This is a hidden gem with great prices on lunch & dinner meals.  Always a pleasure going here, don't miss it!
1	My family and I were visiting from Arizona and wanted thai food but didn't feel like going out, so I looked on here and found Sakun Thai. When I called to order the lady who answered the phone was very nice and patient with us as we tried to figure out what we wanted. However, that was the ONLY good thing that I can say about this place. First off, they told me about 45 mins and it ended up taking almost an hour and a half!! Their portions were hardly anything at all---other than the pad thai, that was the only thing that was a decent size portion. My dad had some beef green bean thing and it barely covered the bottom of the to-go box!! You could still see the foil at the bottom. I have never been to a Thai/Chinese restaurant that had suck wimpy portion sizes. We also ordered the Chicken Satay.....HORRIBLE!!! They were so tiny and super super DRY!!! I couldn't even chew them....they just went in the trash because no one could. :( Maybe this place is better when you go to the restaurant, rather than having it delivered...I almost wish I had because I would TOTALLY SEND ALL OF THIS FOOD BACK!! Overall, very disappointed in this thai place! Next time we will be going out!
5	Really good and spicy Thai food. Definitely recommend the Kung Pao.
4	This place is really close to my work so I end up going here often. I think it is reasonably priced and the portion size is decent enough for me although some people find it less. I usually get the lunch specials and have tried the curries mostly. My favorite is the red curry with the brown rice. The curry tastes pretty good with the tofu, bamboo shoots and the aromatic basil. But there have been times when it was too watery and not real flavorful. I love their brown rice mixed with the black rice. They also have a soup and egg roll/wonton with the lunch special. The only thing which bothers me is their service which can be a bit slow at times and also since I have to get back to work! I went there once where they had two 10+ parties to serve to and it was crazy. Almost waited 45 mins for the food that day. However, I would still go there again as I like their food and it is reasonable!
5	Great food when we've been there. Unfortunately they quit making the Sakun Thai Salad. We walked out last week after we sat down and found out the AC took a dive and it was 107 outside. I spent alot of time in Thailand and it seems pretty authentic except the price but thats a foreign exchange issue
5	Yummy little place tucked into a small shopping center back from the road. You may have to look for it, but make sure you find it!I love Thai food and this place definitely delivers and for a super sweet price! It's so cheap you can eat here every day!It's got a little bit of a dated interior, but the people are really friendly and welcoming. They have plenty of seating, a bar and even someone who plays music on the weekends. I'm going to have to go back for that!Walked in and was greeted immediately. Got our drinks and got an order of spring rolls. They were hot and crispy and so tasty! Dip that in the little orange sauce they give you for a little sweetness. Yum!I had shrimp pad thai and, as unadventurous as that was, it was soooo good! Pour the crushed peanuts over the top, add the sprouts and you're ready for a super taste explosion in your mouth! Spicy and dense and flavorful, you can't go wrong with this choice.My friend had a beef dish pad see-ew that I couldn't try, but it looked good and he finished all of it. He was very impressed! This is a little gem of a place that has great food and excellent customer service. Combine that with uber-cheap food and you should already be on your way there now!
4	Drove past this place like a thousand time, finally decided to drop in and order something. Was very surprise how great the food was, if your into larb dishes make sure you order the larb moo(grill pork slice flavor with spices) it is sooo yummy! And also don't forget to order gai yang(marinated grill chicken) it is pact with flavor and very tender. Thats about the only 2 things i order frequently but pretty much everything is good. The only downside is the wait time, make sure you order for pickup and avoid lunch hours if you like to dine in, cause they get extremely BZ. Overall great food, easy parking and very nice staff.
4	Good food on a budget. They have a good lunch special. I would have given a 5 star but the food was a bit too spicy for me. If you like your food flaming hot then this is your place. If you want a good deal on some good food then I recommend.
3	The prices are reasonable. The spicy eggplant was good. The pad thai was far too sweet for our tastes despite asking for an 8, but the rest of the dinner special was pretty good. I wouldn't go out of my way to return, but if I were in the area it's worth a stop.
4	The food here are great for the price you pay. There are many choice of Thai food to choose from the menu depend on what you like. My favorite would be beef-boat noodle when I feel for a noodle bowl or pineapple fried rice when I feel for the rice dishes. The place is nice and clean with very friendly staffs. They even have a stage with live music play during weekend, and karaoke for party. Me and my husband love to go there often since it close to our house. If you like good food , good+cheap lunch special, or romantic dinner. I would really recommend this place :)
5	It may not look like anything special from its location, but Sakun Thai is a hidden gem. Their red curry and tom kha soups are my favorite and they do an excellent pad si io as well. The restaurant is noticeably clean and the last time I was there they were setting up a stage for live music. Staff is always very friendly and the food comes out promptly every time...hot, fresh, and full of bold flavors!
5	This place reminds me of Pin-Kaow when it first opened up (not any more ...i avoid that place now). Great service and even better food. I can't wait for another location to open up on the west side of town!! The chicken pad thai is my favorite dish there and it ranks # 1 tied with panna thai.
4	This month special, spicy BBQ pork and sweet and sour salmon, So good :) I never had anything like this before. Recommend !!
5	I heard about this place through my friends. So I decide to give it a try. The food is awesome. I had rad nah seafood and it came in huge plate. It was very good and the price very reasonable. The service was great. Overall I had a great experience at sakun thai.
4	Good food, good service. Not sure about the corn in the green curry but otherwise it's always been good.
5	Great friendly staff!Food is pretty good!Better than other shacks I went in saying they're Thai, when they really aren't. How can I tell??? I couldn't.  They all look alike and sounds almost the same language.But hey.. Ingot me the Thai beef salad, it's off the chains!!!Try it!!!
4	This place was very good. They played sweet 80's music the whole time, which was awesome, and the service was perfect. We ordered Pad Thai and Masman Curry (w/ tofu) and they were both fantastic. We did order both dishes a 4 out of 10 spicy and it was a bit too hot. Probably would pick 2 or 3 next time. Would totally recommend this place.
4	Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines. And whenever possible, I try to find a good one wherever I go. I have to say, my wife found this place. She told me it had four stars and a lot of reviews, I was sold.Here's the rundown. Tom Yum Shrimp - it was a super cold day again, so a hot soup was the perfect remedy for that. Love this soup. I was  craving the sourness from the lemongrass flavored soup. The mushrooms & shrimp were very good. But what set this Tom Yum from the others I've had was the cherry tomato. Never had that in this soup before and it worked so well. The pop in your mouth was a flavor explosion, delicious. Satay Chicken - it was just okay. It was lacking in flavor IMO. Even with the satay sauce. The cucumber salad it came with was outstanding. Lemon Chicken - I never had lemon chicken at a Thai place before. Usually I find this dish at a Chinese restaurant. But I have to say, I am a fan of this dish. The lemon flavor really stands up to the deep fried battered chicken the sauce was in. Panang Pork - I usually get Panang beef. Having pork even though it was very good. I still prefer the beef. The panang curry was outstanding. Pineapple Fried Rice - it was good. Chunks of pineapple and cashew nut pieces all over the dish. As for the flavor, it was just ok for me. Pad See Ew - my wife's favorite Thai noodle dish. It's a good dish, but it didn't have the burnt wok (in a good way) taste we are accustomed to at our regular Thai spot. Still very good. I love spicy food, but on this trip we have a bunch of kids so the heat index was dialed down quite a bit. The pickled serrano chilies help a lot. You can request it and they have them in tiny cups to go. This was a solid Thai restaurant. I'm rating this a 3.5 Stars and rounding up. I'll definitely be back.
3	The food was so so. Nothing to write home about. Live music was a nice touch and the restaurant was extremely roomy which I have found unusual with Thai restaurants. The service wasn't the best. I got kinda annoyed when we were ready to go and our server was over by the bar/counter area talking and laughing not paying attention to us at all. I wouldn't go back.
1	Horrible!!! Thai food is one of my favorite and while craving for some papaya salad, I came here!! It was my first time and I can guarantee that there will not be a second time.  I came here with a few classmates and we were all EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!! The service was just bad and no customer service skills at all.  The waitress took another table's order when our table came in before them....they even finished their food and our food just barely came out.  That just showed poor management.  And the food was SUPER SALTY and one of my friend's pad thai dish had a hair in it (and the pad thai was very soggy).  When we informed the waitress, she even asked "where?" (really??? who does that!! ) and she didn't even apologized at all and just said "oh, ok".  Then she just walked off when my friend was still talking to her.  There's more...they claimed to have brown rice on the menu and isn't it supposed to be a healthy purpose...but their brown rice should be called "purple" rice because they mixed in purple rice which is normally used for desserts and other sweet dishes (hmmmmm, kind of ruining the healthy purpose here!!!)I normally don't leave a review but this was just very very very unpleasant....so bad that we didn't even tip at all.  We left a big $0 and left a few comments on back of  the receipt, hoping that they will make a change.  It seems that there a lot of high stars on previous reviews, which was why I gave this place a chance...but definitely after that I will not recommend anyone to come here unless they start having better service and less sodium.  Also, this is not to make any racial comments, but that time I was there, 95% of the customers were non Asians (maybe that's why they might not know the difference between authentic or even good Thai food as compared to bad high sodium Thai food) I do hope everyone to have BETTER experience than what my friends and I had.  By the way, their price is actually more and lesser portions than other Thai restaurants!!!!!! Shaking my head as I left!!!
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I've been here about 3 times. The food here is really good, but the service is ehh. The first time I went, the waitresses were very attentive. My most recent visit, the waitress seemed like she didn't know what she was doing. I was annoyed that she didn't let me know that my pad thai was taking a bit of time to prepare...it came out 30 minutes after everyone else's meals!  Great pad thai, pad see ew, yellow curry and brown rice.  Good portions. All the dishes had great flavor.
3	This is a cute little restaurant.  Nice musical ambience but sometimes a little too loud.  Food is good and the combination meals are priced good.
1	This place used to be great to go to since the food is really quite good but the service is complete and utter shit!!!  Not only have they gotten our office order wrong on several occasions, but they have also now given our order to someone else!!! They take forever to prepare the order in the first place so their half assed offer to remake it was a joke but we have ordered from them so many times now that they should have offered us the order for free.  We will never eat at this place again
3	My personal favorite Thai place is Thai Style Noodle House on Spring Mountain or Fort Apache but I thought since this place was so close to my work Id come here for lunchtime. I definitely recommend this place for their lunch specials and this is my go-to place for your hour breaks or to-go. It's usually the same ladies that are working and there are usually only 2 working at a time and during lunch time it's really packed (almost every table is filled). I give the women a thumbs up for their service and the quick turnaround of getting our food after we order. After coming here so many times, the waiters remember the plates we want to order which is a plus for me and shows they care about their customers! I'm not sure which waiters the other reviews are speaking of but I've never had an issue with the service. Their food is good but not the best Thai food I've ever tasted. I usually order their Pad Thai (Chicken), Yellow Curry, or Spicy Basil Leaf (Beef). However they are nice and I would continue to come here for lunch breaks. If you like spicy, make sure you ask what chilies they have in stock. Some are more spicy than others and their 10 won't be the same every time you order, so be careful!
4	2nd time I have eaten here and the food is awesome... very fresh.  Unfortunately, the service was very poor the 2nd time we went.  There was one waitress and a total of 3 average size tables and it seemed like too much for her.  Everyone at my table was served their dinner and after 5 minutes, I got up to ask where mine was, seems like they totally forgot mine; however, got it out quick.  I think I would prefer to order out from here.
5	Best Value and best Thai food In Vegas...The Chili Chopped mint chicken is the best...
4	I wanted to find an authentic, out of the way Thai place. Sakun is away from the strip and most tourists I assume, more of a neighborhood place. I stopped in about 6 on a Tuesday, I was the only person there. Sakun has a good menu, but I decided to go with the dinner combo, soup, appetizers, and main dish all included. I hadn't eaten all day. I had tom kha gai, it was excellent, very flavorful. I ordered it 5/10 hotness because I wanted something sweeter to start with. The egg roll and crab puff were standard, but the mee krob was a nice touch. The choices for the main dish were a little limited, do I chose red curry, 8/10 hotness. The waitress smiled and asked if I was sure I wanted it that hot. Yep, I did. The curry was delicious. It was spicy, but not south to take away the flavor. The waitress came back to check on me and asked if I was ok, I assured her I was. Washed it down with a this iced tea. Overall a really good meal. Clean restaurant, good service, if go again for sure.
3	I am sad to be giving this place only 3 stars because I have had some delicious meals here, but unfortunately they are just too inconsistent to merit more. I almost always get food for takeout and have been disappointed several times with the quality and taste of dishes that are sometimes very good. I have come to acknowledge that you just never know what you're gonna get, and I'm not a fan. Nothing worse than arriving home (hungry) after making the trip to pick up your food, and your dish is over cooked or not cooked enough, way too salty (I've actually made the drive to return something that tasted like it had a gallon of salt), or just plain inedible (chicken satay literally was covered in some unidentifiable gooey substance I ended up throwing it away). Of course, sometimes I end up getting a really perfectly cooked dish but it's a gamble!
2	Not a fan at all. Just got lunch special pad Thai and it wasn't good at all. I threw it out and I am still hungry. Please go somewhere else and enjoy Thai food.
1	Surprised about the four star about this restaurant.I just ordered one seafood soup. and disappointed.  food really bad. I can not go there anymore.
1	I gave this place one more try but sadly it just did not redeem itself. This time, the noodle dish I got was so salty I had my weeks worth of sodium in one meal. Why is it so hard to make a decent dish consistently?! If you're getting take out and have a hankering for Thai, do not go here. There are plenty of other better places that are better and waaaay more reliable. This place simply isn't.
1	I used to like this restaurant, but my visit today has changed my mind. There was only one other person eating at the restaurant when we came in. It took an hour for me to receive my food from the time I ordered it. No one came by to check in on us or let us know that the food was on its way. About 45 mins into waiting, a lady came in with bags full of groceries at which point we asked where our food was and she said he was starting to cook it now. Never did they offer a discount on our check or offer a bowl of soup to hold us over. When they finally brought our our food I informed them that it had been over an hour and she just said "yea we only have one cook."  Don't mess with me when I am hungry!
3	I am trying to broaden my Thai food horizons as my normal stop (Siri Thai) has become awful at answering the phone.This place is somewhat near me and had decent reviews, so I tried it out for a weekend to-go lunch.  I ordered the tofu pad Thai spicy 3 (their scale is 1-10) over the phone and the lady said, "It will be ready in 5 minutes."Eep!  I had to throw on some pants and leave because the drive is a little bit longer than that.  Certainly not the worst problem in the world, though.The location is easy-to-find and I parked right in the front.  The restaurant itself is nice and spacious, clean and overall a nice atmosphere.  I saw my order was right on the counter, so I paid with the friendly lady and left.The tofu is certainly superior to Siri Thai but I think it's still lacking a little bit of that tofu texture that I personally enjoy.  The pad Thai was lacking peanuts but the overall flavor was good and the heat was there but certainly not overwhelming - exactly what I wanted.  There was a bit of a citrus flavor that I simply don't like with my pad Thai, but it was much more subtle than other places I've tried.  Also, they were generous with egg and green onion which I love!While I have not found my new pad Thai spot (damn you, Siri Thai), I think I have found a new place to put into my pickup regime.  The pictures of pad see ew look delicious and I still need to try their Thai tea as I feel that's necessary at ANY Thai place.  -:3
4	WORTH THE TRYI didn't realize that they were closed on Sundays.  What lured me to try again were my Yelp friends delightful experiences and their most appetizing photos.On a Monday we dropped by for lunch. The temptation was to try their dinner entrees. But the lunch combos of less than $7 and variety along with soup, fried egg roll plus wonton was too good to pass up. While waiting I couldn't help but notice and admire the elephant table lamp. Essentially the restaurant was void of anything  suggesting it was Thai except for the two waitresses and the menu.Hot and sour soup is just a small cup that's partially filled enough to suggest beginnings of a spicy experience to come . Not soon after an oval medium sized plate of our lunch special arrives both witth the same presentation and portions. I had asked spiciness three of ten.  While Yu-go requested four of ten. Turns out my curry chicken was perfectly seasoned. And Yu-go didn't need to doctor up his mint chili chicken.  He normally adds more heat from the spice tray. We both agreed the meals were most tasty and satisfying.Lunch specials are well suited and priced for the ladies. Didn't have to ask  twice for Yu-go to help finish my lunch plate. There's a strong chance that we'll return for dinner.
3	The food was ok, the menu is of the typical thai food thats here in Las Vegas. Panang Curry, the green beans and cashew Chicken etc. As far as the quality it can be a go to place but not a must try place. Over all the food was OK.
2	This place used to have the best thai food in town. Sadly they changed Management/ownership a few months back. The recipes all changed, unfortunately for the worse.  The service is not any better, the last few times I have ordered they messed something up.This time they messed the whole order up.  Prices are higher than reasonable.  I used to eat here 5 or 6 times a month, I won't be back anytime soon. perhaps I'll try again in a year or so when they get things together.
5	Service was fast and polite.  My drink was always filled. Food was great. I had the yellow curry chicken. ..5 heat.   It was very good.   The place appeared clean,  no funky smells.   The menu was varied.   I recommend the place
2	I was really hoping for good things with this little hole in the wall Thai restaurant, but I have to say that it fell short.  It fell real short.  I ordered the Crab Rangoon (my go to white guy Thai dish) and the Lad Nah (Lard Nah) with pork and Chinese Broccoli.  The Crab Rangoon wasn't bad, but with imitation crab it also wasn't inspiring.  The wonton wrapping was well prepared, but the filling just didn't have much going on.  The sweet and sour sauce was light and nicely jammy.The Lad Nah was disappointing.  The noodles were cooked unevenly, with most of them being undercooked.  I couldn't eat most of them.  The pork wasn't bad, a little on the chewy side, but not bad.  The thinly sliced Chinese broccoli was nice enough.  The gravy had a light sweetness to it, something that I'm not used to in Lad Nah and something that didn't really help the dish.  It just wasn't very good.  The service was really friendly, but unfortunately the food really fell short at this place.  I'll seek Thai food elsewhere when I find myself in this neighborhood.
2	I used to go here alll the time, and used to be my favorite thai near my house, not anymore. Management changed, food was not the same, and the servers could not even get my order after 93 minutes. Servers are nice but not worth the time. 5 tables left while I was there because they didn't receive their orders.
2	I know the management changed a few months ago and it's reflected in the food. This used to be my go to spot in the South East, but now, it's not worth going to. The past 3 times we've gotten takeout, the food has been very bad. I truly hope they read these reviews and make some changes for the better.
