4	Good foodtraditional surroundings friendly staffthe only thing wrong with this place is the music, I expected Irish music to be played at an Irish pub
5	While there are many Irish pubs in the Valley, Fibber Magee's is by far the best. With its warm wooden walls, cozy booths and friendly staff, I can't help but feel relaxed when I'm sipping on a Black Velvet at my favorite Chandler bar. The bar attracts a lot of regulars. The drinks won't set your wallet back and the food is great! Be sure to try the Bangers 'N' Mash.
5	This place has some of the best Irish food around. The Shepard's Pie is great as is the Bangers N Mash. The atmosphere feels authentic and inviting. It is not expensive either.
4	This place is hands-down one cool place to hang. From hardwood floors to wooden barrels as mini-bars, you can't go wrong here. If you're with a group, you have options - tables near the music or wooden benches tucked in the back corner, just right of the entrance. Or, if you're with just one or two, you can take up a spot near the dart board and pool table - sort of your own little playground. Or, for those of us who like saddling up to the bar, you have that choice, too. There's no smoking inside, thankfully. When you used to be able to light up, the place filled up fast with smoke. It was an asthmatic's worst nightmare.The bartenders are exceptionally nice and attentive. The music is generally some of the best you'll hear around the Valley. Especially when they bring in their staple Irish bands. (I've heard some of the best Irish music here!)Fibber's was the first Irish Pub I visited when I moved here. It was a Thursday night. The pub was active, but not overwhelmingly so. My friend and I were able to entertain ourselves with a few games of pool and darts. Then the music started. It was great. The atmosphere was causal, friendly and you could tell people here were regulars. I recommend this place to anyone in the area, or anyone itching to try a new place. It's easy to find, off Elliot Rd, (just east of the 101) in a plaza. You walk inside and the lighting is dim, the wood floors and benches add something unique to the setting. If you fancy the band, you can sit close. Or if you want some privacy, snatch up a corner spot.
4	its a good drinking hole and on occasion its okay to eat at. the real draw is the atmosphere and the crowd. friday and saturday nights are the best of course with live bands and lots of joyful peeps.sunday brunch is notable. i love their take on the eggs benedict. delish! and the irish bfast is always a winner.guiness for health!
4	Another place I am THRILLED to be in walking distance of. I love this spot! Great beers on tap which makes me happy and I love me some fried mushrooms to snack on while I'm there as for foodI really have only had a salad there, which was good... it was a salad... ya know? I can't say anything about the rest of the menu.I must add that I loathe St.Patrick's day every year BUT only because it royally screws with traffic when I'm trying to get home. This place is poppin every year! It's totally the place to be. =)
4	Irish pubs can be hit or miss, even in Ireland, but especially in the New World. There are plenty of schmucks with green carpet and a shamrock in the window, but few of these places are truly legitimate drink houses. Inconspicuously tucked into a strip mall in Chandler, Fibber Magee's looks from the parking lot like one of the former. But once you get past the generic exterior, you're highly rewarded with one of the most Irish, wood-paneled, attention-to-detail environments this side of Boston. It's not so much a bar as an actual pub-- a cozy, comfortable establishment where you can also drink cheaply during soccer games, hear a song or two, or generally just get shitfaced. We happened to show up during Monday Night Football, and though the bartender and some patrons were vocally at odds with their rooting interests, everything was kept relatively civil throughout the evening. Though Irish-Americans aren't especially known for their cuisine, the easy-on-the-eyes waitress served up some of the finest corned beef boxty going. The meat was lean and tender, and the whole thing was complemented by a heaven-sent mustard-based sauce. It's a knockout. Eat it. There are plenty of whiskies too, if that's your thing, and if you're here, it may as well be your thing.All in all, there's not much to complain about. Good food, good drink, comfortable and relatively authentic atmosphere... Fibber Magee's is a total standout. Cheers!
5	Great authentic Irish pub in the middle of the desert.  Great drink selection served from behind a fabulous bar.  Good food and great atmosphere.  Good for lunch time football matches.
3	I happened on this place on a Sunday afternoon. They had an Irish music jam session going and some of the patrons were dancing a jig. Honest! Good tap beer selection. Good fish n Chips, Good service. Unbelievably good atmosphere when the jam session is happening.
1	I've been 4 times. The first 2 the food was ok, the soda bread dry and tasteless and the service was no where to be found. The music has been decent the decor is what you want in a nice local pub but the last two visits made me realize this is only a place where you can go if you are white and know people behind the bar. I love Guiness and it's depressing to go to a bar and not get asked what you want to drink for nearly 20 minutes. I've many friends of varying ethinic  backgrounds express this same sentiment. Additionally, one trip resulted in us leaving because apparently we sat at a table that was reserved for "regular folks". Who knew that first come first seated and served doesn't apply - they should put up a sign.
1	Fibbers used to be a very nice neighborhood pub, with good food and reasonably priced drinks. The wait staff has recently become so inattentive or indifferent, that I would simply not go back unless it was to sit at the bar. Terrible shame, really, as it was one of my very favorite local watering holes. Hopefully they will turn things around, and hire more waiters/waitresses, or bring in people who care. I will not be returning any time soon.
4	I love Fibber's.  Yes it's noisy as hell.  Sometimes the band sucks so bad it makes your life force drain right out of you.  Then you have a Car Bomb and life is good again.  They have a great selection of Irish Beer on tap, as well as hard cider, which isn't always easy to find.  The food is good, standard Irish Pub food.  The new patio is great, you can smoke and keep drinking your beer. The live music is great, especially watching drunk girls attempt to jig with no real idea how to do it.  It's a great place for a night out with friends unless you are looking for deep, meaningful conversation.
4	Great neighborhood hang out! The food is good, beer is good and  just an all around great place to kick back and have a pint or two! Careful with Trivia night, lots of fun but can get real noisy if you're not into it.
4	This review is based simply on the drinks not the food but I wanted to give a shout to Fibbers for one of the best happy hours out there.  2 for 1 drinks from 4-7 and were not talking miller lite or coors we are talking Guinness, Smithwick's, etc.  You can beat the drinks and the atmosphere is great.  It just keeps getting busier and louder the later the night gets and live music is awesome.  If you go ask for the blacksmith (smithwick's and guiness mix).  You'll never drink beer the same again.
3	I've been going to Fibbers for a couple of years now.  It's a cool Irish bar in Chandler.  I've always really liked the Pub Trivia night they have on Tuesdays and the 2 for 1 drink specials during the Mon-Fri Happy hour are pretty good too.  The food is decent, although a little pricey.  The fish and chips are fantastic and so are the garlic mushrooms.  Clayton the bartender is the bomb!
4	I've spent many a night having fun at Fibber Magee's.  They always have great musicians playing.  I definitely think this place gives Rula Bula on Mill a run for its money!  Sure, it's in Chandler which is not the most happening place around Phoenix, but there sure are plenty of people who live in Chandler that love to go out!  It's about the best place to hang out in Chandler!  The crowd is somewhat monochromatic, but that's what one must expect from an Irish pub.  I spent New Year's Eve here two years ago, and I loved it!  The price included all-you-can-eat and all-you-can-drink for less than $100 per person!  It also included noisemakers, hats, live music and dancing!  So much fun!  This places shares a parking lot with Filiberto's Mexican food, in case you want to stop for a late night snack after the bar closes.
4	I love Fibbers.I loved it more before people knew about it but boo hoo now I HAVE to share.  The food is good but there are only two vegi friendly selections.  they usually have good bands and now they have a nice patio so smokers can have thier repreive.The only bad experience we had here was when my BF lost his sgian dubh and no one was honest enough to turn it in.  Oh and I ate a spring rool that had pork in it (I'm a veg) I threw up all night because of it, but that was my own fault for not asking.Good food, good bands, great atmosphere, nice patio, good service.
4	3.8 stars.Pretty good pub atmosphere, great chips and pretty good fish, especially for the desert.  My fish could best be described as a plank.  Three good size Cod fillets that were bonded together by the beer batter.  In the traditional English style, I prefer the Haddock fillets but you really only find that in England and New England.The batter was laid on a bit heavier than I care for but it was still good batter.  The chips were nice long slices...perfect.The tarter sauce was slightly sweet, I prefer it tangier.Portions were good, particularly for the fish.*fyi-Fibber McGee & Molly was an early and long running radio show and is considered by many to be a precursor to the modern sitcom.
4	Met a friend here for post work, pre Christmas drinks and once again was happy with out choice.  Table service was fast, even though the bar was pretty full for a Wednesday night.  Stella on tap, and we both ordered the Sligo Sliders - Fillet Mignon tips, horsy sauce and au jus.  As usual, they came out perfect, just the right amount of crispy, battered onions on top, the buns toasted, and nice and hot.  A shared basket of their awesome, thick fries (really, more like wedges) completed the order and filled us up.
1	I have long believed that the best way to judge is business is not by what type of clientale they hope for, but the type of customers they actually get.For Fibber Macgees, things are not well.First thing I notice us that when I sit down is the bartender fails to notice me because he's busy talking to coeds 10 years his junior in what sounded to be heated debate. He finally makes his way to me and apologizes, saying he "likes to give girls shit about football."Across the bar from me I notice a coupe on a a bad date. She is constantly touching her finger talking about what her wedding ring looked like before the divorce, he was staring at her chest.Finally, the large woman who brought a twilight book to read In the corner alone while eating shepards pie.This is the place where sadness goes to die.I give them one star because of their pretty diverse guinness mixed drink menu. But that is all.
4	Awesome food. Great atmosphere. Great live entertainment. Truly a hidden gem in the Chandler area. Can't go wrong with the food nor beers. And the patrons are laid back and fun.
4	I came here once before a long time ago for a birthday bash. Because of the large size of the party, we were relegated to a large room separate from the rest of the bar.  At the time I thought it was good, very crowded and fun atmosphere.  As I was facing a white wall during most of the somewhat uncomfortable evening (ie My brother's friends, my Grandma and lots of booze), I barely noticed all the beautiful woodwork in the main bar area.I have been there twice this week.  Once for a nightcap and a second time for take out.  Both were very enjoyable.The nightcap was after midnight and a few stragglers were ramped up and kinda vocal, but otherwise a friendly and warm atmosphere.  I minded my own business and discovered a drawing application I my phone which kept me entertained.  The Vodka soda was fine with fresh lime.  Bartender was friendly and did not try to rush anyone out- it was getting late and yet he was still relaxed and attentive.Today i picked up a turkey avacado sandwhich and it was great!  Thinly sliced Turkey w/ sliced avacado and Bacon on a nice roll.  Some tomatoes and lettuce and it was perfect.  I recommend checking this place out for both the food and the casual atmosphere.
4	One night I stopped in for a pint and noticed they had a menu that served some traditional Irish fare. So when one of the kids wanted something "different" I took her here. I suggested the traditional Irish breakfast and she agreed. What I didn't tell her is that it includes blood sausage. The wait time for the meal was good and it looked like an Irish breakfast.  I had her try the sausage (which comes in white and black, without blood and with) and she gave me a funny look. Not that it was bad , but it didn't taste how it looked. They put nutmeg or something along that line in it. I could not put my finger on it , but it was different. We also had some shepards pie, which was pretty good. With the wooden decor and the choices of alcohol it is a good place to relax and hang for a while.
4	Fibber's is a good time!  I've only eaten there a couple times, but the sheperd's pie was very good, as were the fish and chips and a couple of the appetizers.  Mainly I go there on the weekends to knock back a few pints and see the bands.  The place is really poppin' when the Brazen Heads play, for example, and I don't see all the depressed and downcast people mentioned in one of the earlier reviews.I don't really get the thing about folks of different ethnicities being treated poorly at Fibber's.  I've been there with black guys and Indian guys, and none of the servers seemed to give a damn about their skin color.  They just poured the beer and collected the money.I'll be there tonight for the Great Guinness Toast, too!
5	I've been looking for a neighbor hood bar to call it "my bar" for the longest time, ever since i moved back from california.  The bar tenders takes good care of their guests.  The enviroment is mgnificent, the crowd there is great too.  If you are looking for a good time, and drama free place, Fibber is the place to be.
4	Fun Traditional Pub! We use to live very close to Fibber's, but now I join Mark T. and that in moving to Queen Creek, we don't frequent Fibbers as often..And we miss it! It's a great place to meet after work or just to have a bite during the week. What's wrong with midweek boozing?Last time I had the curry boxty, very yummy! Loads of cauliflower, I would have preferred more curry, but still good! Great fillet Mignon sliders! Ask for extra blue cheese crumbles and horsey sauce! We love bartender Clayton! He rocks! Great live music like Mike Mercier and the Insomniacs!!
5	The first thing you will notice when you enter Fibbers is the authentic Irish Pub look and feel. We were in Ireland in August so I can attest to that personally. The next thing you will notice is how friendly and accomodating the staff are, from the servers to the bartenders to the kitchen staff everyone has a quick smile and great attitude. Then you will start looking over their great beer, whiskey and scotch selections (although why you would order anything other than Guinness and Paddys is beyond me) and be amazed. Then when your food comes you will get a large portion and terrific taste. Do not  miss out on this little piece of Ireland in the East Valley.
5	The best traditional Irish pub in the valley just got a whole lot better!  With a great new menu and fantastic happy hour deals, Fibber Magee's has become our new favorite place to enjoy food and cocktails.   We especially enjoy the half price flat breads and appetizers from 4 to 7 p.m., my favorites being the lamb skewers and the short rib sliders.  The happy hour drink specials are also a great deal with my favorite beer, an ice cold Stella Artois, priced at only $2.25 for a 17 ounce pint.  Fibber's has a very warm and comfortable atmosphere, with eye-pleasing wooden tables, chairs, floors, bookcases, etc.  The bar has very good background music, and the live bands that regularly appear are always entertaining.  Fibber Magee's also has some of the coolest bartenders and wait staff we have ever met.  Clayton, Will, Mark, and Mike all have a way of making us feel right at home every time we visit.
3	Ok. I LOVE the pub quiz here. That is the only reason I go, and the only reason it gets 3 stars. Take away pub quiz, and 1 star it is.They used to have this kick ass Salmon Sandwich that a few folks on our Tuesday night pub quiz team would order - then a few months ago they took it off the menu for no good reason. Their hamburgers are decent, and the french fries are good, but that can be said about a lot of places.The waitresses are always pretty rude and it takes forever to get a drink. Still.....their pub quiz does rock.
2	5/12/10Came in to try some happy hour eats (Fibber Magee's offers 50% off all apps and flatbreads between 4p and 7p).  To begin my dining experience, I found the darkness in the pub to be overwhelming (a word I'd rather use in this context is "oppressing," but I'm trying to lighten up!).  I wouldn't have minded so much (as I could've sat closer to the door left ajar, which allowed light to come in), but then the music blaring out of the speakers overhead was just too much!  To compound the situation, the song selections were either U2 (which I liked) or jarring Irish punk rock (which I don't), most of which were of the latter.  :(  Perhaps I should've walked away after making these observations, but I've had FM bookmarked for at least six years now, and I wanted to get it over with.After many inquiries about food preparation, the bread used (which company?  specific ingredients used?), etc., I decided I'd go w/ the crabcakes and the braised rib sliders.  The crabcakes (topped w/ roasted red peppers and garnished w/ wasabi and mustard mayo, the latter I opted out) also came w/ a side mixed greens salad and a citrus vinaigrette. While this dish wasn't the best-looking of all the dishes I had that afternoon- don't let the pic of the bread pudding fool you, it was the best-tasting, but this isn't saying much.  I didn't care for the watered-down flavor of the citrus vinaigrette, and frankly, the crabcakes had enough flavor, so the lack of dressing wasn't a big deal.  I don't know if I'd order them again, though...  What was a big let-down was the braised shortrib sliders' dish.  Now these sliders looked fantastic, but the shortrib pieces were so sinewy and/or fatty, that, as much as I tried, I couldn't chew through any!  I really wanted to like these, bec. of those gorgeous-looking fried onion strings that sat on top of each slider.  Thankfully, my server offered to swap them for something else, and it was w/ a little sadness that I said goodbye to those onion strings :'(Lately, mussels haven't appealed to me, so my server's suggestion to try FM's wasn't giving me much hope.   Surprisingly, these mussels tasted OK, and the price is right (for happy hour), and if I weren't already not disappointed in the darkness of the pub; the loudness of the music's volume; and the sub-par quality of the shortribs, I may have enjoyed them more.  With the hope of finding something good to write about, I ordered the bread pudding.  (At this point, I should've just given up.)The bread pudding dish, which you'd think, looking at the pics I took, would taste good,  was a disaster!  It was dark in the pub, yes, but the dish looked like they just placed slices of bread down, showered them w/ dried cranberries, and poured some white chocolate sauce.  Something was amiss- was it even baked?  How was it prepared?  There wasn't enough cream sauce to cover most of the bread.  I was told that the bread was indeed soaked in the cream, and then baked, but this bread pudding had to be the worst I've ever tried.  The pics looked great, but don't be fooled...  The server was friendly, and most of the stars reflect her attempts to appease me, but I didn't enjoy my experience there, and would never recommend this place to anyone.
4	I've been out to Fibber Magee's a couple of times in the last few weeks and I am becoming a fan.  If you are in the mood for a pub/bar, this would be a fine choice.The service has been consistently good so far, the beer cold and the food tasty.  I've been ordering the fish and chips, which has been mostly good.  The batter on the fish comes out nice and crisp, but can turn a little soggy if it sits on the plate too long.  Even a little soggy it was still edible, but you might eat the fish first to avoid this situation. My only other knock with the fish was that it was extremely greasy, but what else can you expect with fried foods?  The chips are pretty good, but nothing special.  Just your basic shoestring french fries.  While not perfect, the fish and chips was still quite tasty and as long as your not afraid of a little grease you'll probably enjoy them. The drinks were cold and my server made sure that I never ran dry.  Tip: Go for the lunch portion if you can.  The lunch portion is big enough, and the dinner portions tend to be a little pricey for bar food.
5	Really fun place -- great drink and food specials, pretty easy atmosphere, live music was eh, but pub quiz was fun!
5	Love this place to eat and drink!!  This was a great find.  My favorite point is that they have organic chicken on the menu!  So hard to find.  The food in general is delicious.  I obviously got the chicken which came with mashed and green beans, and my boyfriend got the Sheppard's pie, which he also loved.  The service is great.  They have a ton of t.v.s, as well as pool, darts and video games.  It is very big and draws a nice crowd.  Highly recommend!
4	It's beautiful inside with a ton of wood.  The food was good and so was the beer.  I'm not a fan of trivia night, so depending on your persuasion you may want to schedule around that.   A great place for beer o'clock on St. Patty's day!
4	Solid shepherd's pie and they have HP sauce (bonus). Amicable service and the bartender even waited an extra 30 seconds to ring me up so happy hour prices would apply. Looking forward to going back to check the live music.
4	Had a nice late lunch at Fibber Magee's today.  A few drinks, a nice pub-ish atmosphere, and a quiet Saturday afternoon.  The chicken tenders were some of the best I've ever had.  They were almost 1/2 a chicken breast and fried in the same batter you would normally see for the fish of fish and chips.  The burgers looked great and those that ordered them said they tasted just as good as they looked.  The lamb skewers, served with a small salad, were perfect for a light lunch.I have also been to FIbber's a few times later in the night and have always had a good time.  Live music, real dart board, good drinks and good people.  Fibber's is the kind of place you can hang out in for a long time.
5	Came here for a work event my husbands company was having. There were about 20-25 people and we had our own room with pool tables and dart boards (bring your own darts cuz they only have 1 set). The food was all preordered so we had a lot of different things, which were all very tasty. The waitress was always walking through getting drink refills and was very helpful giving suggestions once she told me they don't carry blue moon. They had a guy singing for part of the night, he was ok, but kept to the same type of slow songs so it got a  little boring after a while. The decor was very cool and the atmosphere was great. We will definitely be going back here.
3	Love the happy hour drinks, the dark bar and the smoking patio.... and would of given more stars, but yesterday I spent $32 on take out food (ps the menu prices in house are actually higher then those listed on the website- naughty naughty) and recieved an almost $13 steak sandwich with roughly 5 quarter-sized pieces of bland steak, and entire onion and no flavor what so ever. I put the blue cheese on the side so I could have a chance to actually taste the steak only to discover there is a reason there is an over-poweringly flavored spread on the sammy.  Then the fries were soggy and gross.  The chicken tenders were good, battered with their fish and chip batter and the mustard they came with was delicious, but $10 for a chicken tender appetizer.... ouch.  The bread pudding was good, but the one at Famous Dave's is way better, and really, a BBQ joint beating out an Irish pub in the race for the best bread pudding? WTF.  So I guess what Im saying, is if you plan on dinning at Fibber's, skip the menu, get the fish and chips and just get hammered on the patio.  Under no circumstance, order a to-go dinner of much anything else on the menu. Also, I must throw in, I do go here quite a bit, and the wait staff, the music and the people always rock and I always have a good time.  Love the bar staff, love the tap choices, I'll just eat before I go.
4	For our first night of vacation in town, my sister and I wanted to check out an Irish pub.  We turned to Yelp, read reviews of several places, and quickly realized that Fibber Magee's was the place to check out.Great pub!  The first thing I noticed was the beautiful woodwork.  Aside from the positive visual aesthetic, the service was great.  We were immediately greeted at the door and promptly served our beers by the friendly bartender.  Said bartender kept coming back to check on us and chat.  Tasty bar eats, too!  In order to try a few things off of the menu, we opted for a few apps:  the chicken tenders and the fish sliders.  Awesome!  Both were fantastic for bar grub.  Yum!I have a feeling we'll be popping by again before our vacation is over!Friendly staff and friendly locals.  Great happy hour.  We felt right at home.  I'm glad we happened upon this Irish pub.   Thank you, Phoenix Yelpers, for pointing me to Fibber Magee's!
4	I tried this place during lunch, sat at the bar. Just a few people, very low key. Great pub, the fish n chips are awesome, much better that churchill's, which I believe is out of business now. Nice & big, crispy batter, fish nice and flaky. They serve it on top of the chips, and you'll have to ask for tartar. I can't wait to try the Shepherds' pie.
5	Best pub in the valley! The Blacksmiths are beyond compare & they just know how to pour the perfect pint. I'm never more comfortable than I am at Fibber's and I just wish I lived closer so I could go at least once a week. (I live near Casey Moore's, but that's kid stuff. I want the real deal):)
3	I only stopped by there while visiting a friend in AZ but it was a pretty fun place! There was a great live musician and the drinks were reasonably priced! Would go again if I happened to be in the area.I will say, for a small place that is relatively tucked away, I was impressed by the large patio and the fact that they have sugar-free Red Bull!
4	Fibbers, it had been a while.  Went down on a Wednesday night, and it was perfect for a second date. The background music was at the perfect level for conversation and the staff was friendly.While I'm still sad that they took my favorite item off the menu, the food was excellent.  I had a chicken sandwich, and it was juicy and perfect.  Kevin had the shepherds pie, and loved every bite of the tender lamb. Later on, there was some live music, but as it was one singer with an acoustic guitar, it was the first time conversation was possible with live music.  She played at the right level for the smaller weekday crowd.Our server was great, as we moved from patio, back inside, back to the patio, and was friendly and prompt all night.
2	I was disappointed with the fish & chips last night. We've had it many times before and it's always been a go-to menu item for me. But last night the piece of fish was half it's usual size and they must have changed their fries. They were small schnibbles of fries & were on the greasy size. I'll go back but I'll try a different menu next time.
3	What a mixed bag for me.  I used to love this place, I really did.  There was a time when a group of my friends considered Fibbers to be their seccond home - and we were here at least two or three times a month.  (Some are there almost daily - I would only make the trek a couple times a month.)  The drinks were poured well and reasonably priced, the food was tasty and the music was great.  Real craic in that room!Not sure what happened over the past couple of years - but WOW, last night was hit and miss across the board.A group of us met to bid farewell to a friend moving out of state.  The drinks are still solid (they have REAL ginger ale, which is getting more and more rare with many bars opting to mix coke and sprite for the right color - flavor be damned.)The food was pretty spot on, too - though I am not thrilled with some of the menu changes and don't get others.  (Gone are the fried mushooms - which were fantastic.  For an Irish Pub - why the section of Medditerannean flatbread pizza??  The items I saw were well presented - but along with the "upgrade" to the menu, some of the local pub flavor has been lost.)I had the fish and chips.  With the size of the cod filet that showed up, it's a damn good thing I was sharing with another gal - that sucker was HUGE!  The beer batter was flavorful and fried to crispy golden perfection - the cod was still moist and tasty - a truly enjoyable dish.  It was on a bed of fries - somewhat thicker than shoestring, but thinner than normal - skin on and well cooked.  The coleslaw was OK - seemed commercial grade - but nothing wrong with it.  So - why only three stars?  Service and music. Our server was adorabe.  Cute, sweet, friendly and great smile.  And damn near totally inept.  There were five of us at our table.  With the first round of drinks, three of us asked for water in addition to our libations.  None of us got them.  So we asked again when the food was dropped off.  Nothing.  The party next to us had some styro cups and an almost empty pitcher of water.  I grabbed the cups, filled what I could, and took the pitcher to the bar to get refilled.  When we wanted a fresh round of drinks, it took over 20 minutes of empty dinner plates and empty cocktail and beer glasses before she came around.No pre-bussing was done as plated were emptied - and when she did come by to grab dishes, she looked so focused and didn't make eye contact that without grabbing her, it would have been impossible to ask for more drinks.  The disturbing part was when I ordered an Irish Coffee (yes, I am aware that Irish Coffee is not from Ireland - it's from San Francisco - but in this day and age, ordering Irish Coffee at an Irish pub just makes good sense.)  The look I got from our waitress was a combo of deer in the headlights, confused, and "what language did you just say that in?" Happily, the bartender knows just what it is, and I received a good one - but the look she gave when I asked for it was more than a little unsettling.  And noted by the people around me, as well. At the end of the night, I had to search the bar to find her to get my tab. I guess that's the irony of of the automatic 18% gratuity for groups.  She doesn't actually have to WORK to make the money.  Why should she?  Do a half assed job and get 18%, or truly work and do a good job and maybe get another 4 or 5% on average?  So - it's there to ensure she doesn't get stiffed, but it also doesn't provide any reason for her to do a decent job.  Sigh.The band was really, really bad.  They used to bring in local bands with Irish flavor - who were GOOD.  The band last night (and from conversation with regulars, most of the bands of late) could not be classified as good.  But, what they lacked in talent they more than made up for in volume.  The best part of the show was when they took breaks.Sure - it may not be fair to take a star away from the establishment based on my feelings toward the band - but it was impossible to overlook.  If that's the caliber of bands Fibbers is bringing in on weekends now, I think I know what I will have to do in the future.#1 - only show up during the weekand#2 - sit at the bar. Hopefully when Clayton in there - as he knows just what he's doing and has the charm and personality that keeps me feeling like a valued customer.
4	Lovely place! It's a very cozy and friendly place to eat and drink. It definitely looks and feels like a real pub! Worth checking out (I recommend the blue cheese salad).
4	The atmosphere at Fibber Magees is the first thing you notice walking in. Open the door and, if you're there at the right time and day, you're bound to be hit in the ears with live music. The performer (I, unfortunately, did not catch her name) is wonderfully talented. She attempted doing an operatic  piece while I was there the second time and succeeded in spades. I like their selection of beers and ciders and they have plenty of them on draft. They also have their fair share of good ones not on tap. Having grown up without being able to experience Guinness it's still a novelty for me, but not a favorite. They also have some concoctions like the Snakebite which is half cider and half ale which is not half bad.Now for the food. The food. Let me preface this by saying I have this thing for garlic. So when I saw fries with garlic sauce on the side, I ordered it immediately. I will now proceed to spend the next fifteen months trying to figure out how to make it. The curry they have on the side with one of their fries is also very good and I suspect it's even better over rice. Their flatbread is exceptional and is something I'm dying to go back and nom on again.I have two minor complaints, neither of which detracted from my experience. First, the man taking our orders seemed to be spread very thin and was having a hard time getting around making sure everything was filled. On my second visit, that was not an issue, but I made the poor choice of sitting right in front of the singer while she was performing, but that was an oversight on my part.I should also note that they have a back room with four TV screens playing sports, they have a pool table and darts in back as well as a patio where, presumably you can smoke (assuming we haven't banned that in bars in Arizona). Specials are listed on their website and $3.25 for beers on Sunday? I'll be right there.This being the case, I'm going back. I love the atmosphere, I love the decor and I love the food. I'd say this is the kind of place you bring a couple friends to kick back a few beers with and just have a good time.
4	With the cooler weather my taste for Guinness has come back, but where does one go for good Guinness in Chandler? An Irishman (as in a man from Ireland, not an American with an Irish name) I know recommended this place, since the drive to Tim Finnegan's is no longer feasible from Chandler. Now it should be understood that an Irish Pub that serves great Guinness will also have great pub food (at least in America, ironically, it wasn't easy finding good food in Ireland). Fibber Magees is definitely a good destination for food and drink.Before we entered the door, we were greeted with the sound of live Celtic music. There is a decent size stage for live entertainment, which is nice to see. The bar and front area is quite big and open, but it can become quite crowded and loud on the weekend.The food and drink.Guinness is very tasty. I am not going to expound on this matter but any Guinness drinker will tell you if it is right on, or off - it was right on.Fish and Chips. Definitely different, but very good. Excellent quality fish, but they serve you a huge piece which needs to be handled with a knife and fork. Fries were also very good, cole slaw was good but very skimpy, like two bites. They need to make the portion of slaw larger and the fries smaller. Tarter sauce was OK, I think they could be more creative and deliver a less bland tarter sauce.On the second visit, had the corned beef and cabbage. Very good, ordered the horseradish as well, excellent horseradish. I still believe the best Corned Beef and Cabbage is at the Q Bar in Peoria on Wednesday's, but that is an insane drive from Chandler, and the place always reeks of fish. Service here was excellent, and I will definitely return.
5	I love going here on Wednesday nights at 8 to listen to the live music they have (they have a singer named Holly) because it's wonderful!!  They serve half-price flatbread pizzas all night, I recommend the braised rib one.  Delicious!
5	Just tried out Fibber's on the way home with some friends the other day. All of us would agree that this is a 5-star. The atmosphere was very cool, open and easy to get around. The service was excellent and our waitress was very attentive. The beer was great and great selection! The food was outstanding. 2 of us got fish and chips and it was huge! A large piece of fish right on top a gigantic order of fries, definitely a knife and fork meal. 1 of my friends got a shepard's pie and it was also huge. He said it was delicious and judging by the dent he put in it, he wasn't lying. Myself and another friend got a burger and it was so damn good and  cooked perfectly to medium as I had asked. I Got bacon because I'm a man and it was a different type of bacon but was insanely delicious along with the great fries. $5 burgers on Mondays or all you can eat fish and chips on Friday's we saw there, so we'll definitely be back. Huge fan, would love to see some live Celtic music that people are talking about below. Try this pub, especially if you love a good atmosphere and pub food!
4	Great Irish breakfasts, and other Irish foods like boxty, shepherd's pie, and corned beef and cabbage.  I can't vouch for the more Americanized foods, but the boxty dishes and shepherd's pie I've tried have been delicious, and although I've never been to Ireland to have an Irish breakfast, it tasted pretty good to me!  They certainly used all the ingredients that one would have in Irish breakfast, including blood sausage (Which tastes quite good, despite the sanguinary name).
4	After living in Ireland we've been searching for a great Irish place. This has been the closest we've found so far. Several have the look or feel...and that's it. I'm not much of a drinker, I do know the Irish drink more than just Guinness and Jameson. They really like Coors light over there...lol. Just because a place throws a old bike on the wall and plasters Guinness stuff around doesn't make it Irish.  Fibber's better look and feel, the menu  selections are great. they have Brown sauce!  The service was really bad.  They need to hire more wait staff.  the garlic fire sauce was spot on! The burger was one of the best I've had in a very long time. They put Irish bacon too! I'd give it five stars but the service stunk...too to long to get your order.
5	I love this place! The bartenders are always friendly, and very attentive without being overbearing. The atmosphere is very low key. They have great live music all the time. If you like Irish pubs, this is the place for you.
1	me  and my husband was in for dinner ,we order the fish all you can eat it was horrible too much grease ,so we order one more hoping the oil get hotter n it not to much grease it worse than the first order the cole slaw was no taste to it , so i went home n call talk to some one in charge his name was Mark he i just tell him that the fish was not good but he did not even care , we thought we order wrong thing cause they look busy but guess wat we do not want to go back or tell friend go there the waitress was not good too DO NOT GO THERE THEY DONOT CARE THEY WANT UR $$$$$$$$ ony
5	Oh man, you know I love me some Fibber Magees. I found this place the first day I moved to Mesa, and I never looked anywhere else. Some of the best bartenders around- Clayton, Will (who's not there anymore, but dammit he should be), Scott, the list goes on. None of them are any less than stellar. And the atmosphere is as close to what I think of as a real Irish pub as I've ever found. I know what you're thinking- wooden floors, Guinness and an Irish sounding name, and you've got yourself an "authentic" Pub. Nay nay- I looked into it, and one of the bar's owners is from Ireland directly. It's a PUBlic house, meaning yes, you can bring the kids, and nobody's getting offended. Everyone's just getting well fed and having a great time. Now let's talk about the amenities people- all drink and no play makes Joe a sad boy. At Fibber's, the games abound. They have 2 pool tables, a few arcade games in the back (Buck Hunter and Golden Tee), 3 dart boards, live music all the time (including a Sunday Afternoon Irish Jam), and multiple large flatscreens so you can catch the game, too. This place is almost always a great time, and when it's not, it's because everyone's recovering from the night before. If you want to come and chill out, have a cold one and not be in a meat market on a Friday night, look no further. Also, they have some of the very best food I've ever eaten in a bar. One word- BURGERS. Before I went vegan, this was the Mecca, the Holy Grail, the Eden of hamburgers. But their flatbreads, their fries, their salads- everything on this menu is amazing. Don't miss the Fish and Chips- make a night of it. Hot wings rule here, too. Oh yes, and they have CHAMP. If you don't know what it is, Google it, order it, eat, repeat. Fibbers, please oh please move to Portland. Marquam Hill specifically. Until you do, Arizona- you better treat them nice.
2	Met a couple here so we could experience the Friday fish fry. We both found it thru Yelp - neither of us had been here prior. The fish was all you can eat but it was so greasy and heavy on the batter that we couldn't really take advantage of that. The chips were sparse, as was the coleslaw. Plenty of fish to go around. Enjoyed a few Harp's and of course Guinness is on the menu. Waitress was really lacking in service - asked for waters several times, had to chase her down for beers, offered us more fish before we even started on the first.We stuck around to hear the band. They were a kick and could actually sing some non-Irish songs! Had some fun and got some good people watching time in (this was just prior to St Paddy's day).Place is dark and run down inside. Looks like some folks use this as their starter bar. I can't fathom going there again myself - bar, food or otherwise.
4	This is, hands-down, my favorite place to celebrate St. Patty... except for this year, it's been a tradition for the co-workers and me to spend St. Patty's afternoon there... so bummed this year it fell on a Sat and I didn't have the usual crew around to continue our tradition.  I have also gone numerous times on non-event days and I've always enjoyed the atmosphere, pub food, bar staff and especially the booze.Service at the tables is usually a bit slow, which is why I always know to order my James & Ginge Ale at the bar (tab open) and leave the meal order to my server.  Bar staff is attentive and, even when they're hella busy, they'll get you your drink quickly without the griping.The atmosphere is totally casual and seating used to be a major biatch until they opened up the back part a year or two ago... now, that area has more darts and pool tables for your boozing and socializing needs.  Note that the patio gets full of smokers (if you don't care for that sort of air), so FYI.I've eaten their flatbreads, their Shepherd's Pie and plenty of their Fish and I think their food is pretty damn tasty pub fare... to hell with the calories, I LOVE that fish!
5	Best fish & chips...PERIOD!
4	When we sat down I thought the prices were high, but when our food was delivered (burger and sheppards pie) we decided the prices were just slightly high for the portion sizes. We went in on a Tuesday night, and I believe we were the only ones in the building not there for trivia night. Next time I think we will split an entree and try a dessert or appetizer as well. Server was friendly and very concerned about the amount of ice I had in my iced tea.
3	I love the cheap beer and a good selection on tap. They have a great staff, when they want to be. Happy Hour Specials are pretty cheap and the food is great!
4	So enjoyed this place.It was a perfect place to celebrate my birthday.The band was amazing!! Brazenheads...you  really should come give them a listen.Our waitress Melinda was on top of our drinks, and was more than helpful with suggestions!I shall return!....
4	I've always enjoyed the atmosphere here.  It's decor feels like a pub to me.  I've only been here a few times but the staff has been nice every time.  No complaints so far on my end.....One of these days I may actually get around to looking at the menu for food.
3	nice up scale bar food...fish n chips are great but always flabbergasted by the tasteless almost non-existent  cole slaw ..Jen was a good server...
5	It's a sad state of affairs when my husband and I are driving around looking for homes for sale within walking distance of Fibber Magees.  We like the place that much.  We went again today and ordered the mussels, which always make me blaspheme with pleasure they are so good.  They are on par with fresh mussels I've had on the coasts.  Just amazing.  And the broth is bacony and oniony and peppery.  They give you one slice of very good garlic bread per order, which is really not enough.  That order should come with two pieces so I don't have to pay a buck for another one or start dipping things like french fries and tacos in that wonderful broth.  One of these days I'm going to ask Kevin to hook me up with a dirty martini with about a 1/2 shot of that broth.We typically get the fish and chips, which have always been perfect, but today for some reason I tried something different.  I had the pork tacos app for my meal and it came with four fat stuffed little soft shells with some tasty tomatillo salsa and pico de gallo.  Tender pork and flavorful salsa.  My belly was very happy.  I topped that with a Newcastle, and then was feeling frisky so I asked Kevin for one of those Three Olives Froot Loop drinks.  Great dessert.  Trust me.  The Baileys Bread and Butter Pudding is a stellar dessert choice as well.  Mr. M had the cod sandwich and it was fried perfectly, as the fish always has been there.  It may seem simple to some, but there's really an art to cooking fish.  It doesn't take much to overcook it and whoever is frying it up back in Fibber's kitchen knows what they are doing.   I don't usually eat a lot of fries but theirs are like crack for me because they are skinny and brown and salty.  Mmmmmm mmm mmm.  And I will say a few of them got dipped in that mussels broth and that was delicious. So my only simple request, with eyes wide open like Puss In Boots in the Shrek movies, is to add a second piece of garlic bread to the mussels order.  Maybe do only one when it's half off during happy hour, but faith n' begorrah, one just isn't enough!!
5	Staff is great, live music is great... other Chandler "Irish" bar tries to copy them but can't.  Clayton and others behind bar remember what you drink and how you like it.  They are quick with a joke, or to light up your smoke.... seriously a good bar though.
5	Legit chill Irish pub so this review is based on Irish Pub criteria. It's dark and moody, it's got good food...great drinks, and good people.Food - B+ Bordering on A. Get the mussels. Done.Drinks - B+/A- I like the availability of Irish/English brews on tap and they have cider. I am a freak for cider, but that's just me. Oh and their house wines are legit. Seating - A++ Dark Corners, tables, Booths, High tops. The Patio - Decent sized for what you gotta do out there.Hey, and there's a game room! Sweet.When I used to live in Chandler this was an often visited watering hole. I kinda miss its chill vibe OH and I forgot to mention: There's a Filibee's in the parking lot. So, if you need some grub at 2:15am...you're covered.I just decided after writing this review, I'm heading back ASAP. You dark mistress Fibber's...ya got me.
5	A real jewel of Chandler!!! I've been there for drinks several times but never ate there until today. Wish I had been eating there the whole time. I had no idea how good it was.They actually have a chef running the show in the kitchen and it shows. The chicken fingers were amazing. Perfectly breaded plump chicken strips (not the flat frozen crap you get everywhere else).  The garden salad was far above what you would expect. Lots of veggies, red peppers, and some type of peanut dressing that definitely didn't come out of a big plastic bottle. I was expecting regular old bar food but this place takes it to a much higher level. Some of the best bar food I have ever had. Beats the pants off Yard House, Casey Moores, etc...
5	I wish I could give 10 stars! My Husband and I absolutely love this place. The bartenders are amazing. B.J. makes an awesome bloody mary! If you like fish, their fish and chips or the cod sliders cannot be beat.  This is our favorite place to grab a few drinks, have some great food, and wonderful service. Keep up the great work! B.J. And Kenny are the best.
5	To be honest, Guinness is Guinness, and (barring any keg/line issues) tastes pretty much the same wherever you go.  What sets Fibber Magee's apart from the competition is the great staff, who actually take some time to talk to you instead of just pouring your drink and sending you on your way - and who actually pour a proper two-stage Guinness pour without having to ask for it.  The atmosphere is great, and the live music was very enjoyable.  Food-wise, can't say too much about it except that the curry fries are delicious (don't knock it 'til you've tried it).Oh, and no cover!  That's pretty awesome!  I'll definitely be back soon.
2	We have been coming to Fibbers for over 8 years.  Have always enjoyed the atmospher, staff, and fair prices.  They have good food for a bar.  Lately the staff they have brought in is less than spectacular.  They are slow, unfriendly, and need to learn a little bit about customer service.  We sat at the bar last night and waited over 10 minutes just to have them take our drink order.  We had to flag down the bartender PJ several times to get food orders and our second round of drinks.  I found him to be rude and condescending when we dealt with us.  Also noticed several other customers had to flag him down to order more drinks. Not what I consider good customer service.  There were a few people in the place but it was not what I would consider busy.  Food took well over 30 minutes to arrive.  We just ordered flat bread and a salad.  In the past this would have been there in under 15.  The flat bread was cold and a portion of it was missing.  It must have stuck to the pan when they were making it.  In the past the place always felt like the comfortable bar to stop by after work, now it felt cold.  Like I said, we have been coming here for years but if the service is like this the next time we stop by, we might need to look at other options.
5	Went back again today. Service was excellent, as usual.  Super fast and friendly. This is the perfect place to enjoy happy hour! BJ is awesome behind the bar.
5	Fibber Magees is the best place to spend a Sunday afternoon. Kenny is behind the bar today and he is awesome! He seems to remember every customer by name and takes the time to make everyone feel acknowledged. He also makes an amazing bloody Mary. This is my favorite place to grab a drink and relax. BJ and Kenny are the biggest part of that. You can get a drink anywhere, but the personality these two bring is priceless.
5	Great pub with better than average food. Happy hours are a bargin and it seems overlooked for weekday lunch which makes it nicer for those that do go there. Check the live music they have weekend eves. New asian chicken salad on the menu was really good.
5	Clean, authentic bar with a rich atmosphere. Bartenders greet you by name and the staff is attentive.Fresh homemade chips. Not fries. Real Irish chips called Dirty Nellies! A real treat for the pallet. Their wings are delicious. Don't forget to try the Kilkenny's beer. Frothy fun in a glass. A rich smooth taste served in a cold glass. By far a great place to bring a group to watch the games. Cheers my friends and stay thirsty!
5	You wouldn't think much of this place by driving by because it's kind of a hole in the wall, but stop the car!Best Guinness on tap (they know how to pour), yummy food, good prices, great staff and cool atmosphere. I've never been out of the country, but I get a true Irish pub feeling going here. Very welcoming and kind of feel like family.Will definitely visit more often!
5	In the area on business and did a search on the net for Irish bars in the area. Glad I found this one. The bartenders Will and Ken were friendly and attentive. Will, who I found out later was the owner, knows how to pour a perfect Guinness. The pork tacos were very good and I will def be back to try some of the other food selections also. I also liked the fact that besides the standard Irish beers that they also had some craft beers on tap. Just a great, friendly place that I will be frequenting again while here on business.
5	Fibber Magees is as good as it gets . . . unless by some small miracle you are transported back to an Irish Pub in Dublin. We had:  Tempura Beans (Irish?), Dirty Nellies, Fish & Chips, Shepherd's Pie, and a Rasher Burger all washed down by Smithwicks, BlackSmith & a Grimbergen Blond.  All super good Irish pub food - -  with the exception of the Tempura Beans (which were excellent, but Irish?). We could have been sitting in that magical transported Irish Pub.Ambiance was Irish pub; service was sweet Irish lass friendly and right on top of our needs. Then . . . we had to step back out into a warm Arizona spring day. Lovely here, but I'd rather be in an Irish Pub.P.S. Fibber Magees has All-U-Can-Eat Fish & Chips every Friday!
4	Although, I do not come here that often, I am a big fan of this place.  It's an unpretentious Irish bar, that is a lot of fun.  Of all the proclaimed Irish bars that I have been to in the valley, this is the most Irish of them all.  There's nothing modern about this place, like most Irish bars, so it's nice.  I have only eaten here once and I had the fish and chips and it was quite good.  So if I'm in the neighborhood and I want a drink, I will definately stop on in here!!
5	This is truly my favorite place to grab a drink in the area!Service: BJ, and Troy are my absolute favorite bartenders. They are extremely knowledgeable, always ready to recommend something delicious, and are always very fun to talk to.The Drinks: Wine? Yes! Whiskey? Yes! Every other type of liquor you could possible want? Yes! Draft / Canned / Bottled Beer? Yes! Yes! Yes! Fantastic selection. I always take a look at their ever-changing craft beer list before making my decision. I've been able to try beers that I didn't even know existed! The beer is always cold and there is always something on special.The Food: Let's face it... after a few cold ones you're going to want to eat and Fibbers has you covered! There are different food specials every night and I've had almost everything. Those thin garlic fries are great, the burgers, flatbreads, Shepard's pie, Meatloaf, DESSERT... seriously, get some food while you're there. The Atmosphere: It's an Irish pub... Nothing better than going in to listen to an acoustic band after work during the week! If I had one complaint I would say the bands on Fridays and Saturdays are a little too loud.The Price: Daily food and drink specials, happy hour, reverse happy hour, shot specials, beer of the day specials... you can always get a good deal hereBest Irish Pub. Period.
4	I'm more of a party bar type person. Sitting around listening to live music that I've never heard and have no idea how to dance to isn't generally my thing. I've been to FGs when they had parties going on (including St. Patrick's Day) as well as just to get lunch.It really isn't my thing in either case. If you just want to have more of an Irish time sitting around talking to friends and drinking G, then this is your place.Still a nice place and food is generally alawys good to me.St. Patricks is a clusterfuck. Craziness. Fun. Just remember that if you go for this event, don't drive. Don't even drive if you've only had one beer 5 hours ago. Police will sit around FGs and pull you over, pull everyone over, that comes out of that place. I got hauled in for a DUI after the cop said that I made an improper left turn (how convenient of him to make that up so he could pull me over). Luckily I had stopped drinking hours and hours before leaving so I was way under the limit and the case got thrown out.
4	What's to say? It's a pub with good food.Good burgers, good unique appetizers - really decent fish & chips.Surprisingly, for a pub, the noise level isn't too bad here due to good interior structure and keeping the music at a reasonable (but listenable) volume. You can actually have a conversation with table mates, unlike Cornish Pasty Co which is just up the street.Have not been disappointed by the food or service.
3	A good standard "authentic Irish pub". Had the magners cider (wish they had strongbow on tap instead) and cob sandwich. Good drink, good food. My male eating companion said he wasn't sure if they'd cleaned the bathrooms since st patty's day since he's been in alleyways that have smelled better.
5	We really like this bar! Not much to say; great drinks, yummy food, relaxing atmosphere! They always have good bands playing and fun events going on. Great place to kick back and catch up with some friends in a comfortable place.
4	Awesome neighborhood pub.  They know how to poor a Guinness correctly and are very knowledgeable about their outstanding Whisky selection.  I've found it rare in AZ that a bartender knows much about Whisky, so it was a pleasant surprise to get such good tips from our bartender.  I will definitely be back!
5	Best. Fish. And. Chips. Ever. Seriously. Don't pass this up.They also have a selection of different microbrews on rotation! And of course nonstop Irish music for your listening pleasure.
4	Went in on a HOT Arizona afternoon for some cold brewski and snacks. The air conditioning was borderlne cold!!   YAY!   Felt wonderful.  Really comfortable.  Great bartender and waitress.  We loved it!
5	Fibber's is always our go-to in town bar when we don't want to deal with Mill or Scottsdale. You may be surprised when you enter the strip-mall storefront when you are confronted with authentic all wood paneling and tasteful Irish decorations. You can sit at the bar, at a table, or at one of the large wooden kegs that seat up to six. In addition to offering the best Guinness pour in Phoenix, they now have several craft beers on tap as well.I've been a regular for several years now, and their service and food has stayed consistently excellent. There are no rude servers or bartenders at Fibber's, and if you're not happy, they'll make you happy.I don't usually write "glowing" reviews, but Fibber's really is that good. Check them out.
4	A great Irish pub right down the way from me. The atmosphere is great. The inside has an all wood appearance with a large fully stocked bar. Makes it feel like an authentic Irish pub. There's a good selection of whiskey and beer with plenty of interesting drink combinations available. The staff is always friendly and greats you on your way in and out.As for the food, great burgers but even better Irish food. First time I came here for lunch and got the corned beef and cabbage. Was very fresh and flavorful. Could tell it was not a cookie cutter recipe. Will definitely need to come back and try out more of their dishes.
3	Went for a friend's bday gathering at the beginning of June.  It is a cute place in a strip mall.  The food wasn't bad, almost pretty good, service was pretty good, my only issues were the fact that is was hard to hear (this was before the band started) and it was kinda hot inside.
4	Low key atmosphere, on Mondays they have $5 burgers when you buy a $3 beer, great deal and great food.
4	Fibber Magees kicks so much ass! Very traditional in appearance; all wood. Oh it's "too Irish", ya say?! I love how un-modern this place is for an Irish pub . . . and those giant wooden kegs you can sit at! Don't need that flash and flare. Just give me the beer! Smithwicks on tap? Sold! Fabulous specials about every night of the week. Half off pints and appetizers Sunday, $5 burgers and $3 bottles of Guinness Black Lager on Monday nights.There's plenty of other tap beers as well as a rotation of craft beers, some local. Try the Dirty Apple. It's a fusion of Guinness and an Irish cider. LOVED it. Whiskey on whiskey on whiskey. Forgot the bartender's name, but he was more than helpful this weekend when we asked for his favorite whiskey suggestions. Thanks, dude! The Bleu Burger is already fresh and flavorful; it's even better when you add bacon. The Corned Beef and Cabbage is the best I've had. Try the garlic fries at your own risk . . . They're addicting. Especially the garlic aioli sauce that comes with them. Don't say you weren't warned. Look forward to coming back on a night with live music!
5	I would actually give this place four and a half stars, as the service is patchy at time, though always friendly. With their daily specials and the the great atmosphere, you really can't go wrong stopping in for a meal, or just for drinks. No one to go with? No worries! Everyone I have met there is super friendly, and you won't feel alone! The menu has something for everyone, and I have yet to order anything that wasn't really tasty!
4	3.5-4 starsPretty packed bar on a Saturday. We went when they were doing beer from all over. It was nice to be able to try different kinds of beer (~$6). The crowd was a mix between older people and 20-30 year olds. The bartenders were for the most part, nice. Overall had a good time at this bar and will be back again.
5	Originating from Upstate New York, our fish frys were more of a gathering for friends and family to get together after a long week at work or school. For many years,  I had been on a quest to find a good fish fry out in the desert. I have tried everywhere, from dive bars to swanky joints, the only place that came close to being good fish is, a valley favorite, Pete's Fish and Chips. Well my search is over! Let me tell you, hands down, THE BEST FISH FRY in Arizona. It's also all you can eat on Fridays and you have to get the garlic fries, they are served with a garlic aioli dip and it is amazing! They always have a new beer to try and great happy hour specials. They have live bands as well, but we've never been able to stay. The service is awesome too!  It is always a treat to spend a Friday evening at Fibber Magees!
2	I was introduced to this pub last night (Thursday) when I went there to see a friend of mine play and wasn't impressed.  the pub's atmosphere seemed very uncomfortable for me; didn't get a great vibe from it. Overall, the pub looks very nice with all the wood floors and a very warm, traditional style of an Irish pub. I will say that the bartender was very nice and friendly; however, didn't really know who the waiters/waitresses were so didn't know how to ask for drinks or food when I did eventually sit down. I will also say that if any of my girlfriends go to this pub, I will definitely recommend that they go with friends or at least one other person (guy or girl). I was hit on barely 10 minutes after entering the pub and the guy would not leave me alone nor take no for an answer. my friend playing eventually had to stop in the middle of his song/set to tell the guy to leave me alone. The guy was eventually removed from the premise and I was able to enjoy the rest of the night. Overall, my experience at this pub was not the greatest and will probably not be going back anytime soon.
4	What a cool place! Definitely try it on a Monday, where their awesome hamburgers are just a crazy, crazy five dollars. Great happy hour until 7 with half price apps and flatbreads, and cheaper pints. Friendly service, traditional Irish Pub decor, and really good, inexpensive food.
4	Arizona lacks Irish pubs and this pub is exactly what that is. The bartenders remember you by name and for the most part they know you by drink! Fast friendly service! Their food is also surprisingly fantastic! You wouldn't think a place like this would have such phenomenal food. I love this place!
4	I am not a pub aficionado....But, I do think I have a good understanding of what I do and do not like in a pub. Fibber's is your classic multi-faceted pub/bar that pours out great craft beers while cranking out awesome tunes. Lets have another, and review Fibber Magees.~Fud/Drink~I can only really vouch for the drinks here...Just for starters. They have a very well-rounded selection of craft beers on draft from around the country that is rotated very often... I would assume more than just a seasonal rotation. Besides the crafts, they offer up all the traditional pub favorites on draft as well, my personal fav being Smithwicks. They also serve up their own special cocktails and offer a full bar, as well as a menu chocked full of traditional Irish pub food. I have had the garlic fries before, and they were OK... I have had better  (sorry Meagan B.!) Next time I am there, I will what my diet can allow me to eat, and report back with my review on the food.~Atmosphere/Service~Each time I have gone, I have been there when my favorite Irish Rock band "Keltic Cowboys" were playing. Being a loud band, the atmosphere was obviously a bit more upbeat. But, that tells me that this location knows how to get the place rockin' and keeps their customers happy. Different flare is located across the wall, from sprots to different Irish heritage signage. The inside is predominantly wood based, so its got that old-style bar feel, nothing contemporary to this place. It is not overtly loud when the band is not playing, however it can get crowded on busy nights, making it a tad difficult to get to the barkeeps. The bartenders are knowledgeable, and helped me pick a couple brews out when I first started trying to get into darker colored beers...So hats off to them! Service is a bit lacking, however, from the waitstaff. This is due mainly in part to the fact that they had 1 person running tables, during a show, on a SATURDAY NIGHT. That's not helping anyone...not the waitress who is trying her best, or the customers. We barely got touched during our 2+ hours there...I'd say about 3 times....that's no bueno. So note to management, get an extra body out there to help everyone out!~Extras/Rating~Overall, this place keeps serving me well. I really love coming here, and despite the 25+ minute drive from Phoenix, it is totally worth it when a band is playing or if you have some friends whom want to relax and kick back. I must note that they are an official Gameday location for Seahawks fans, and my UYE group will be heading over soon enough to drop in and see how the location fares. I can't wait to return to kick a couple back, sooon...sooon...
4	I am not up on all of the Irish bars in Phoenix but I found out about this one through a friend, whose husband is the bass player for the Keltic Cowboys. I have been here a few times and have enjoyed myself. I gave it four stars because it is a little cramped when there is a bandand our waitress was not the greatest because we had to wait forever for our checks.   Last time I went, they were having a Halloween costume party and the Keltic Cowboys were playing so I decided to go. I tried their drink called, The Dirty Pear, which is Guinness and Pear Cider. It was yummy! That night I also tried the fries or the "chips" as they call them. I was expecting an appetizer size since I ordered it off the appetizer menu but the waitress brought out a conical basket full of fries. I was able to full up on them so I didn't have to buy more food.This place is a little hard to see because it is in a shopping center so you have to be on the lookout for it. I usually just type it into my Google maps and be on the lookout when I am close. I recommend coming here and checking out The Keltic Cowboys!
4	I could just copy my review from Skeptical Chymist as they are both sister pubs and both very good and both Seahawks bars.I have come here twice now both for seahawks games. All the food has been good especially the corned beef hash breakfast and my favorite at both locations the muscles. The sweet chilli wings are good as well.For Seahawks games you have to get here early as the sight lines to the big screen aren't great and there are quite a few tables that you pretty much can't see.The beer selection is good and they often has deals on Guinness and other Irish beers.Fun place to come and watch a game with good food and drinks.
5	Great ambiance, friendly bartenders, awesome beers on draft, happy hour ROCKS & food never dissapoints.
4	Fibbers is within walking distance of our new place and I've been taking advantage lately- you can't go wrong with the happy hour here. Seriously, half price all apps? Sold- and it's great food! Beer is good, pricey though so not the best but the food and ambiance will keep us coming back!
2	I live a mile from here and trust me when I say I've been here a lot. It used to be our go to place for a quick dinner when we didn't want to cook. It also used to be the place we'd go for group get togethers in the back room. The bartenders and servers were always awesome and friendly, even remembering our names and favorite beverages. The food was pretty good, too. Now let's jump ahead to now. Over the last year new management has taken over. This was an Irish Pub and pretty authentic feeling, but the new owner has a family member who plays for the Seahawks (American) football team so it's quickly becoming an NFL sports bar. Happy Hour used to be from 4-7 which is great for those who work 8-4 and 9-5. Now they changed it to 3-6, which means by the time we start thinking of going out for appetizers and drinks, everything is full price again. Used to have great half price appetizers, but you can forget that now!My friend wanted a burger the other day and brought the 8year old with her. Was going to give the kid some of her burger, but the server said it was $2 to split a meal now. She's a little girl and barely eats anything, but the server was practically scared that her manager would find out. She said if her manager came out and discovered it, then he'd charge the lady for two meals. That's ridiculous!As I said, we used to come here all the time but this last year the changes have been terrible. I will be going elsewhere in the future.
5	All kinds of new CRAFT BEER On Tap, great management, traditional pub food and great live music add up to a great time.  You feel as though you are really there in the UK!  Pretty Cool!
5	This place is my favorite pub in phoenix. The bartenders are amazing. The beer is always good and the variety is awesome. They know how to poor a Guinness and the food is also amazing. The oysters are a particular favorite. I usually go with large groups of friends and no one leaves disappointed.  Don't just go to a bar. Get drunk in a pub. Slainte!
5	Sliders were great and service matched.  The best thing was the dessert...WOW!
5	best irish bar in the world!!! great music and the food is second to none. awesome service and great drinks.
4	Great atmosphere. Wood paneling all around and enough TVs for watching Manchester City while having a pint and a full Irish breakfast!
4	The food alone it's worth the trip !
3	Great pub. Food here is wonderful. A tad pricey, but that's fine. However, a few months ago there was a new manager that came to town and this place really hasn't been the same since.
4	Not sure why but my coworkers love this place and we end up doing happy hours here a lot. Place can get pretty packed on a Friday night. I remember a bunch of years back they had boxtys on the menu but that is no longer something you can get here. Bummer! I usually end up getting the Shepherd's Pie and they give you a lot of bang for your buck so I walk out of here quite stuffed. Shepherd's Pie is pretty good - sometimes a bit on the salty side - sorta unpredictable. The Irish brown bread that comes with it is awesome though. Who knew that a few slices of bread with butter on it can bring such joy?? Beer selection is pretty decent - changes from week to week. Fridays usually there's a band playing. Keltic Cowboys are good. One night was trivia night. Another night was ska night which was cool until a brawl broke out. I think that might have soured some of us on this place because we haven't been back since. But I'm sure I'll be back someday. Closest Irish pub to where I live. Lotsa parking as it's in a mall.
3	Fibber's has always been a decent go-to Irish pub.  Good service, good beer and liquor selection and a decent menu.  The Happy Hour specials are pretty solid as well.I've noticed over the past year or so that while they've continued to provide a good selection of beers and booze, they food side of things has declined a bit.  A good example would be the "Reuben Bar".  I think it's cool you can pick your bread, (Marble Rye, Multigrain or sourdough), meat (Pastrami, corned beef or turkey), then your choice of slaw or kraut as a garnish.Over the last two weeks, they've been out of various bread options and when the sandwich arrives, it's skinny...my last one probably had two, maybe three slices of pastrami on it, but pretty darn thin, with a sprinkling of kraut.  Tasted good, but for $10 I guess I expect a heartier sandwich.  You can order extra meet for $2, but that would probably get it just about to the point of the normal amount of meat I would expect on a sandwich at that cost.  Not sure why the side salad in place of fries is a $1 more, given the cost of lettuce.For a $1 more I could have ordered the meatloaf dinner that comes with fresh green beans and mashed potatoes. Seems like a much better value.Service is pretty good overall and I'm sure the servers probably aren't too thrilled with the trivia night crowd on Tuesdays as they don't seem to buy a lot of beer or booze.Will I continue to go for trivia night on Tuesdays? Yes.Given the choice of Fibbers, Casey's or Rula, Fibbers would not be my first choice.
5	I haven't updated my review in almost 2 years?  Well, that's crazy.  My husband and I still drive around this neighborhood looking for places to live that are between Fibbers and Cornish Pasty.  What a perfect world that could be!  Well, I'm glad I leave a little pile of receipts next to the computer so I'm reminded to write reviews.  This one is easy.  Go get the meatloaf sandwich and some Jameson.  They will change your life.
3	I cae for a beer which they have a great selection. The beer selection gets five stars...After seeing all this food go by I got hungry and ordered fish and chips. It was'nt the best but it was far from average. There was a huge piece of cod under the breading. I thought the breading was a little to much.Would I go back! I might and try the sliders or something else.
4	great neighborhood pub. decent beer selection and food. good happy hour specials & daily food/drink specials. highly recommend the tempura green beans, fish sliders, and flat breads.They do a good job bringing in live music and having activities/events throughout the week. Local Dines/Groupon Users - they won't let you use your coupon if you have ANY discounted items on your bill, regardless of how much you've spent on  regularly priced items. This includes happy hour or daily food/drink specials.  They're pretty strict about this. We ran up a $100+ tab on regular priced food & drinks, but had 1 happy hour beer on our bill. The manager wouldn't apply our coupon unless we paid full price for the beer.  Wasn't a big deal, but we've never had this issue w/ other restaurants, so just a heads up.
4	Can't beat their Monday deals! All burgers are $5! I got the Belfast Burger and it was magical! Plus the craft beer of the day is only $3!
4	While many people might think of Fibber's in relation to St. Patty's day, it's more than just a seasonal spot to visit. They have a good beer list, a decent happy hour and unique food you won't find everywhere. I've also been there for a birthday party where the side room of the bar was rented. It's worth checking out.
2	family of five went there wednesday night.several websites state kids eat free Wednesdays.we asked our server was that still the case and NO was the answer.felt jipped.food was decentbar had nice styling
5	Great deals of the day, pool tables and darts and a smoking lounge. All they need a few more scotch's to go with their Irish wiskey collection. Took the kids with us for lunch, they were welcome there but bored stiff.
1	I'm not writing this review because of one bad experience.  I live less than a mile away.  I have been coming here since they opened and in the past I felt this place was a well deserved 3+ stars.  My how times have changed.  The past 4-5 times I have been here the service has just been awful.  We came with a friend 2 weeks ago and she was appalled at how she was consistently ignored  only because she asked for water to start and then she wasn't followed up on the rest of the night.  The food is decent, the beer prices are high but the service is 0 stars.  On our last and final trip here we came in and sat down waiting 10-15 minutes with no acknowledgement.  I finally got ready to order from the bar when a waitress that had passed us several times comes by and says, this table is taken you will have to move they are outside smoking.  No apology, no nothing....just get up.  The table was empty and there was no indication anyone had been sitting there. I told her we had been sitting there 10-15 minutes waiting to order and she just walked away not caring.  Had this been a one time thing u could understand, but the service is so bad that I will not return.  Too bad this place isn't close to what it used to be.
4	I hadn't been to Fibber's before the takeover/COM, so I don't know any different. From my three visits in the past month:-The staff (tables and bar) are attentive and professional.-The food is excellent, albeit somewhat spendy ($20 for a Guinness and fish and chips? Sheeeesh...).-The aforementioned Guinness was, as advertised, Perfectly Poured(tm).-The ambience is as genuine as it gets.It's not quite on my "I have to check in here at least once a week" list, but it's a good occasional outing.
1	Ok... I get it... You are an Irish pub.  Doesn't mean you have to charge high British isle prices.  Holy hell, way way way overpriced.  I expect to get screwed on prices in Scottsdale, but not here.  Food is ok but not worth the premium.  Atmosphere is ok, but not as ritzy as the menu prices lead you to believe. Don't eat here unless you like overpriced food.Oh, and asking customers to share tables is extra tacky.And by the way, waitresses are supposed to ask if you need refills... Not disappear to the bar to watch a football game.  Poor service!
4	Ok first time here was today and there was a Seahawks game on. Apparently this bar is all about Seattle football. ...like hard core. So this I'm sure it not a typical day for them. But the atmosphere was good (football crowd loud).I ordered the chicken wings and wow, they were meaty!  Some of the best I've ever had. Actually my only complaint was the water was horrible,  tasted very metallic. Other then that, had a great time.  The pretzels app was great too!
1	Worst Fish and chips I have ever had...Fish was a big hunk of grease, and the fries were so salty that I felt like I was drinking right from the salt shaker...and they were cold too which made it even worse...stopped after a few fries cuz I thought I was going to suffer a heart attack and the cole slaw was bad too. Oh and the tartar sauce looked liked it had been sitting out for awhile.  If you want to come here for some Irish beer, it might be alright, but don't eat the food cuz IT"S NASTY
5	Some of the best fish & chips you can find in Arizona. All you can eat on Fridays for $14.If you want some good food at a great Irish pub try Fibber Magees
3	This used to be my local watering hole and I must say I used to have a great time here. Times have changed for me  ie: I'm not a raging alcoholic anymore. So this review is solely on the food and service.  The service was ok but nothing special and it wasn't particularly busy so I'd say it was borderline shitty. The fish and chips as stated by others was not to my liking but not terrible.Its pricey but not ridiculously expensive.
4	An irish bar. Wooden interior, Smithwicks and Guiness, Redbreast and Jameson. I didn't eat but Im willing to bet they serve a mean Shepard's pie.
4	I've stopped here several times on $5 burger monday with my family.The burgers are nothing short of awesome.  I see some of the reviews mentioned the staff was horrible.....never the case when I've been here.  We've always been treated great.See you on Monday!!!
1	Used to be good.......then my favorite bartenders left and EVERYTHING went downhill.  The food is not good anymore. Also, there is one bartender in particular that should take a few lessons on customer service. I normally am not one to really bash on a bar but seriously there is one bartender is a d**k.
4	Not a bad place to go for a quick drink. Get in early because this place fills up really quick and it gets really crowded. Every time we go I can barely move around. There Saint Patrick's Day party are great especially, if you have children. you can just sit outside and let them run around. The only downside is they do run out of corned beef hash quickly.
