1	HoRriBLe experience. First, arriving in Las Vegas on a Thursday morning and I had at least a 35 minute wait in line. Famished by the time we were done but trusted the agent was assigning us the right car when he confirmed "Mid Size car right?" When we picked up our Chevy COBALT, I was disappointed with its size but too famished to consider if we were getting ripped off, I was even more disappointed when we tried to leave and we were told to go back and find the right car. Our car was parked in the WRONG SLOT. The rental process was a 1-1/2 hour process! Driving around Vegas with friends who ALSO received a COBALT from Dollar at HALF the price, confirmed it was a COMPACT car - not a mid-size. Called Budget Customer Service (National #) and they confirmed it was a COMPACT car but only offered a 10% discount-received no apology and it became obvious they bait-and-switch as common practice. They requested we resolve it at the counter (great-THAT counter) when we return the car. Called back customer service the next day to resolve our reimbursement over of the phone instead and the agent couldn't find my car per the Contract # this time. Her severely broken English and unhelpful mindset made it impossible for her to locate our contract (didn't even ask for our name at any point) but insisted we find some RA # that didn't exist. Had to resolve the discount after returning the car but went to the Fastbreak counter and waited my 15 minutes. The guy gave me my 10% discount but also tried to make me feel like he did me a favor by telling me "your car is 1 hour late but I removed the charge." Oh yeah - after the 1-1/2 hour start - he better!
3	Decent price, the best I could get on short notice, and renting for just two days in Vegas.  The last time, I went "total douche" and rented a Corvette ZHZ from Hertz, a 450hp beast.  This time, I went "Recession Chic" and went with the white Aveo.  We forgot to fill it up, even, and the cost was pretty reasonable for the fuel since we never left town.Worth renting a car in Vegas so you can go to places off-strip like Hash House a Go Go, Frankie's Tiki Room, and Palomino . . .
1	90 minute wait at the counter on a Sunday afternoon.  Only 2 people working the counter, line was huge.  Paid for a mid-size through Hotwire and received a Cobalt.  This is fraud as a Cobalt is an economy car at other car rental agencies.  The cobalt reeked of smoke and had cigarette burns in the interior.   This was supposed to be a non-smoking car.  Update:  10/13.  Returned car and exchanged it for a brand new Toyota Corolla.  Anne from Ireland was instrumental in getting this fixed for us.  Thank you Anne!
2	Renting a car in Vegas for one day of sightseeing away from The Strip was the best decision we made during our trip. That being said, our experience at this location was ridiculous. We regularly reserve cars through Budget, so I know what to expect. It should never take 30 minutes to rent a car when no one is in front of you in line and you've made a reservation in advance which includes submitting most of your personal information. I can't even imagine what the process would have been like had we walked in off the street cold.Most car rental companies share this location on Gilespie that requires a 5-10 minute shuttle to/from McCarran Airport. The facility was nice and modern, but there weren't nearly enough signs on the highway directing us to the rental car return when we dropped off the car in the evening.Budget required a credit card, driver's license AND an additional form of identification for all drivers. And if we hadn't asked, there wouldn't have been any discussion about our options for cars within the reserved class. I suppose there was no discussion needed, since they only had one type of car available. This was my worst experience with Budget. Lame, lame, lame.
1	(Dates:  Nov. 8-11, 2009) My boyfriend and I decided to take a trip to Zion National Park via Vegas by flying from LA to Vegas, picking a car up, doing the park thing, returning the car, and enjoying a few days in Vegas.  Next time we'll just drive to Vegas outright...and I'll never rent from Budget again.  Twelve Reasons why not...1.  I booked online with Southwest when I made our flight reservations.  This is a bit silly, but my first car ever was a Ford Focus, and I specifically chose this location for that car because if I have to drive a POS, I want one I am familiar with.  We were handed keys to a Kia and then was informed in a snooty you-should-know-this voice that Budget "never" rents Focus.  Interesting.2.  Even though I had a printout with me, the man behind the desk (MBTD) essentially rewrote the entire order, which took him 15 minutes alone, AND overcharged me...and when I called him on it, he played dumb...good thing I had the printout.3.  He wanted an additional form of ID...I'm an Army Reservist so I happen to have one, but do most people carry something other than his or her license?  I did not see anything about this when I booked, or on their website.  When I asked, the MBTD told me they have a lot of thefts.  Of crappy compact cars, I asked?  Apparently there is a black market for these things (rolls eyes).4.  OF COURSE he tried to sell me the additional insurance, then argued after I told him my insurance company covers me in everything I'm behind the wheel on...said he doubted that was true, blabla...then when he asked what insurance company I have, he backtracked and said that as he understood it, if you had a Platinum credit card with them, you were covered.  So I pulled my platinum card out and said, "You mean this one?"  He nodded and responded I must be good.  What does that have to do with anything??  The bank and the insurance company are two different things...5.  MBTD noticed my boyfriend's German accent and wanted to know if he was driving (no) and then tried to make him fork over his German license anyway, then tried to spout some other BS...at this point, I politely tuned him out.6.  The dude didn't put in my Rapid Reward number...which was slightly annoying, considering I booked on SOUTHWEST in the first place.  Then he told me that they have no record of any bookings made online (now he tells me...and like that makes sense).7.  Finally, we got the car, but it was covered with scratches, bumps, and dents.  Boyfriend and I spent 5 minutes videoing and taking photos of the car...which may sound ridiculous, but this place was already giving me a bad taste in my mouth and I didn't want them to blame me for anything.8.  I still don't think I got the right rate, come to think of it. 9.  I brought my own Garmin with me to get to Utah and stuffs.  It promptly died on the way back to Vegas 3 days later (thank goodness not before.)  Apparently the electrical outlets in that little car were caput.  Lovely!  Good thing there is iPhone and a boyfriend who is good with maps...10.  When we turned it back in, I asked if there was anything they could do, considering the outlets were bunk.  After a long wait, the turn-in man said they would give me a whopping 5% off.  I was tired from hiking all morning/afternoon and then driving for 4 hours so I just took it.  It never got posted to my account.  Not that $7 would even matter at this point.11.  We asked if they would be so kind as to put us on the shuttle bus that goes to the Strip, since we had our luggage still, and since we'd paid a couple hundred bucks for this POS and they were heading out there empty anyway to pick up folks.  They said hell no.  Okay maybe without the expletive but it makes it sound better.12.  I never got Rapid Reward Credit from these clowns.  So today I called the 800 number, was put on hold for 10 minutes, then was told this was an independent company and National can't do crap about anything.  So then the lady gave me a new number to call and I was put on hold for TWENTY FIVE minutes and nobody ever picked up...turns out they actually closed for the day WHILE I was on hold.  I left a message but I'll bet you a Benjamin I won't hear back, all for some measly .5 credit (and why I booked with them in the first place.)Bottom line:  This was an expensive and tiring trial and error experiment.  It would have been more intelligent gas-price wise to drive my gas guzzling sports car from LA to Utah to Vegas and back home, even with horrible LA traffic.  So anybody from this area, take note.  As for everyone else:  Just.  Don't.
1	I rented a vehicle on friday 2/19 at around 9:30am from a woman at the mccarren airport car rental facility. I was disappointed from my experience in two ways: One, Budget personnel attempted to scare me into buying redundant insurance. Second, I was overcharged. My conclusion about their business practice is that they're out to get the ignorant guy and not about gaining trust and repeat customers.The woman relied on my inexperience to first trick me into buying "collision-only insurance" by presenting me the question: Would you like full-coverage insurance or collision-only insurance? This was presented to me as though these were the only choices. I then said "collision-only", and it wasn't until I was presented a bill of $149, over 2 times the amount I committed to when I first made the reservation of $61.81.Second, after presenting the woman that I had a reservation for $61.81, she then reveals to me it was due to the collision insurance. I said in that case I would prefer not to have it. She proceeds to essentially frighten me regarding how *I* would have to pay for the rental "time and mileage" of $35 a day for the days when the vehicle is in the repair shop due to an accident, which according to woman is a real possibility due to the expected rain and adverse driving conditions. One, the rain never came but she sure said it like it was certain. And had I listened to her fortune telling, I would have paid more than twice what I should have been paying. Two, $35/day shop-time is more than the rate that I was getting the car for the 3 vacation days I was there, $12/day. Three, I paid with a credit card that covers the deductible for rental car accidents, making this insurance redundant and she certainly wasn't going to divulge that possibility. Four, as I understand the rules state that the rental contract is concluded when I/my credit card pays the deductible, and therefore will not incur $35/day T&M for the days the car is in the shop due to the accident. This means that her statement that i would have to pay upwards to a month's worth of rental is false, misleading, and dishonest.After removing the insurance, she even seemed angry at me by appearing very silent. I did not say anything, but I was very, very disturbed at this point. She presents me a credit card bill of $62 and change, and at that point i decided to write this review about this incident. The reason is she/Budget overcharged me by about $1--which isn't much--but this basically shows me that Budget is a dishonest company, out to get the new guy, lending no help at the counter to educate the renter whatsoever. By the way, we were one of only 2 customers there being helped that morning with no one in line behind us.I called enterprise later that weekend and asked regarding their rules about rentals. They too have the rental fee for the duration of time that the car is in the shop, but it is for the length of time that it takes for them to get the deductible, which I imagine is immediate and not up to a month.
1	IF you have a choice, choose another rental car company in Vegas.  THIS IS A FRANCHISE AND YOU WILL GET NO ASSISTANCE FROM BUDGET IF YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH THIS LOCATION.  I am waiting for someone, anyone to answer the phone.  I've been on hold for over 30 minutes right now.  Any car company can get you in a car and charge your credit card for the service.  IF you have problems with the reservation or the rental car, YOU WILL GET NO ASSISTANCE from the location.  Caveat Emptor!
3	Summary based on 1 rental at the LAS location:--Fastbreak booth, but not manned, leading to long wait at garage booth--better price than Hotwire--ok service, though slow--good car--no upsell. Yay!
4	Rented from this Budget location three times.  2 of the 3 times went without a hitch.  the third time, it took awhile to get our car once we made it to our garage (it wasn't ready).  The front desk staff have always been super nice and helpful.  I'd rent here again -- although I just found out that Alamo doesn't charge the HUGE debit card deposit like Budget does.  So beware when renting via Budget with a debit card.  Anyway, the Rental Center facility is very nice.
3	If you're driving out of Vegas and into the desert, there is only one way to do it properly.Yes.  Convertible.So thank you Budget.  As with all car rental places, you were unpleasant and nerve-wracking to deal with.  I wound up paying close to double what I had anticipated to pay, and was left convinced I was going to die, and the car was going to explode into a ball of fire.But all of that disappeared when I rolled out of the garage in my Mustang with the top down.  Yeah.  It was aaaaaaaaalright.
4	The car we got was hella nice. Most important thing in the desert is make sure you have a car with great AC and in this crazy city ya need good brakes as well. We got a Toyota Camry and it looked pimpin with a two-tone paintjob (is it blue? is it purple?). Sweet! This was my first time renting a car, and I wasn't aware that $40 on the net means $80 in person. (Hey wait, I thought it's called "Budget"?? Lol.) You gotta pay for the GPS, the tank fill up, and the insurance as well. Oh well, better safe than sorry! If it wasn't for this rental, we would not have been able to drive through Red Rock Canyon or stop in Chinatown or the Korean spa east of downtown...and what happened in Vegas would not have happened, but that wouldn't have been as fun, right? Hahaha..... I kid!!  ^_~
1	Extremely dishonest agents, I rented my car through Orbitz and I got to the airport and got to the Budget rental car, I presented my rental car booking which was 92 $ USD and they charged me with 170 $ because I wasn't aware of LDW when I signed on the contracts. I asked them to reimburse me , and of course they said no because I signed the contract which I wasn't aware how much I am going to pay. Their contract is not easy to understand and they got me with this.My recommendation, if you go there ask them how much you are going to pay at the end before signing any contract.
1	Rented twice from them in the span of a month.  The second time, they didn't have the car we asked for (an SUV).  They offered a pickup truck in place.  Are you kidding me?  We had to go to a different company at a higher price for the last minute replacement.It was just like the Seinfeld episode, except it was no laughing matter.  Never again, they should owe us money.
1	KEEP your last gas receipt or get ripped off at the garage! Horrible and dishonest service. I left the garage with LESS than a full tank. Returned with a full tank filled up at a gas station located less than 2 miles from the airport and was charged for not topping off! Budget asked for a receipt from the gas station.
1	This was my first and last rental thru Budget in Las Vegas.  I'll never book thru Hotwire again to chance getting a car thru Budget.  When we showed up to book our car we were helped by a "supervisor" named Roosevelt.  He was no where close to professional and in my head I questioned how someone as rude as him could ever be a supervisor.  He was very snappy when we declined the insurance and vague with his description.  We left unhappy and our trip started off on a bad note bc of Roosevelt.  Never again will I rent from Budget!!!
2	My friend rented a midsize car through Travelocity before flying into Las Vegas. The total was about $120 for 3 days.When we finally arrive at the Budget (after taking a shuttle from McCarran Airport to the Rental Car area), we wait in line for about 10 minutes and we were assisted by Ken. Ken was very personable, very helpful and even offered to upgrade us from a Kia (Hells nah) to a 2012 Mustang convertible (WHATTTTT????) for $10 more a day.... After me and my friend argued about it for a good 2 min we finally decided to take the Mustang convertible. After that, Ken's magic fingers went to work but, between us agreeing to the upgrade and us getting our keys-something went terribly wrong! But I will get to that a little later in the story.So....my friend was checking her bank account and we noticed that Budget had a hold for $512. Hmmm...so she immediately calls Budget and the rep tells us that the upgrade was an additional $40/day. Seriously????? (Looking down at my keyboard, the Number 1 and 4 are pretty close to each other..) After calming down my friend, the rep kindly called Ken at Budget. We held for 10 minutes and everything was taken care of....we just had to return the car to Budget when we leave to get everything corrected.Ken was a cutie and very helpful but damn...he tried to play me. That's never a good thing. I always win :)
1	HOLY CRAP. THE WORST SERVICE EVER.First visit: waited an hour and a half to switch out of a car that got a busted tire coming from San Jose, CA. ALL THEY HAD WAS AN SUV. OK THATS FINE, but over an hour to get switched out of the car?Second visit: waited TWO HOURS+ to switch back into a full size the promised me. TWO HOURS? go to hell man. Thanks for trying so hard to get me into a full size, and ended up in a lincoln MK-S, but that wait pissed me off. I'm never renting with Budget again.
5	We got a mini van last minute for our trip to San Diego, the rate was $200 less than 2 other major car rental businesses in Las Vegas.  The mini van was brand new but the wipers didn't work, at least we never needed them to work!
5	I recently rented a car from Budget Las Vegas and had a great experience. Since I travel to Las Vegas several times a year for business, it is always nice to receive fast and great service when renting a car. Thanks!
1	BAD customer service.  Waited an hour, standing at the counter, just to be handed keys.  Terms didn't match the online quote e-mailed to me--turned out to be double!  What's the point of reserving online when the numbers are bullshit?  The cherry on top: I couldn't cancel because they put a $200 hold on my card.  I was fuming out of my ears and the representative was still trying to blow smoke up my a$$.  Worst rental experience I've ever had - and I am a loyal customer, too.  Well, I used to be.
1	Budget, you are terribad. Had a 6 hour layover and we decided to do a quick drive through Red Rock (which is FREAKING AWESOME, see my review).   Checking out a car took over 30 minutes despite telling them we were short on time.I specifically told her I was going to use my own coverage and didn't want to purchase anything extra.  She slips it into the contract anyways without me noticing.  Later, when I return the car and point out her mistake, her warm customer service response was "you signed the contract, it's your fault."  Apparently budget's policy is to intentionally deceive the customer through contract details even when the agent knows the customer specifically asks for something else.  Despite KNOWING we were going to make a short trip (she gave us directions!), she fails to inform us that EVEN if you purchase your own gas out in town, you HAVE to bring back a receipt from the pump if it's less than 75 miles.  I was charged a 14.99$ 'gas fee' even thought the needle was PAST FULL (I filled it up with my credit card but didn't keep the receipt) because I 'might have just driven it around without actually refilling it and the needle might not have moved.'  Give me a freaking break.It took almost 3 hours on the phone with customer service to get these charges reversed.  And that is why I will never use Budget again.
1	WORST RENTAL CAR EXPERIENCE EVER! After declining the Loss Damage Waiver online when I reserved the car, and again verbally at the pickup counter, they still snuck it into my contract. I did not realize I needed to have a lawyer present to pickup a rental car. I then had to fight with them to have the extra $200 in charges removed, which required a review of the audio recording of the transaction, and I was referred to customer service who convieniently is only open during the week, and I had to use up half my cell phone minutes being on hold for 30 minutes. They eventually refunded the LDW charges but I suspect that they are working on commission to push this on everyone. Look how many reviews on here mention the same thing!Now to the second part of the debacle. I tried to pay with a debit card at dropoff and they declined it despite there being plenty of money in the account. When I check with my bank there are now not one but 3 pending transaction holds on my account, all with the extra $200 incl so now about $1200 is tied up until the holds come off. NEVER AGAIN! Also, when you pickup the car, this is the only place that I've ever been to that just dumps you into the garage to find the car on your own and has you fill out the damage assessment without any staff on hand to assist. So unprofessional!Had a great experience with Enterprise the last time I rented a car, I will never use Budget again.
1	Either Inept or fraudulent. Either way stay away from Budget at the Las Vegas airport.You are given an estimated rental charges printout. It clearly stated the estimated price which for me was $28.10/day for the car. Upon getting the bill they charged $66/day just for the car plus the usual fees. All told this amounted to $150 more than the estimated amount. Nothing changed between being given the printout and getting the bill. No upgrades. No extra insurance. Nothing.I Immediately got transferred on hold once I called to dispute the charge. Waited on hold for 45 minutes only to be told I have to call a different number tomorrow morning and then was promptly hung up on. At best they are completely inept. Otherwise they are just committing fraud. Stay away.
3	The sin city budget car rental experience was not too shabby.  The highlights included:* Immediate and expedited service!  No else was in line on a Wednesday morning.  * Swift check-in service.* Nissan Versa car rental!  Nice car with great MPG.The only negative was the attempted up-sell for insurance.  The agent was being negative about all the things that could happen.  I know there's always that possibility; however, I'm on vacation with a positive mindset!  If the rate at Avis is too high then Budget Car Rental is my choice.
4	Overall good experience with this company. Good rates, good service, and very fast check in and check out process. The only thing I would knock is how pushy the counter people are with trying to sell you on their insurance. Not a big deal, but still a bit annoying. Would use this company again.
1	After checking in & signing the rental agreeement, we proceeded to the garage to pick up our Tahoe SUV. We got to the truck and found no key in the ignition, and a random spare tire in the trunk... no agent inside the clearly closed Budget kiosk to assist. We were able to flag someone down and apparently we were given an out of service vehicle. My husband made his way back upstairs to the counter while I waited in the garage with our stuff and my 2 little ones. We waited for a new vehicle to be cleaned. 45 minutes later, our "new" Tahoe pulls in....filthy as hell! The car wasn't cleaned, I found a pair of sunglasses inside and there was dust all over the interior! We went back upstairs to the counter, ripped the agent a new one. They did absolutely nothing to rectify the problem, and happily processed the return. Such BS!We went with PAYLESS instead. The agent there was very understanding, and hooked us up with a pretty sweet minivan, at a much lower rate (we saved approx $120)
1	Avoid this place like the plague! They will use every tactic in the book to manipulate you into purchasing extra coverage that you really don't need. Its ridiculous seeing how they are trying to take advantage of tourists who really do not know any better. Be sure to read your contract carefully and look for the fine prints. They might ask you to purchase a prepaid gas card at a low rate of $3.08 per gallon (how can you refuse right?), which means that you won't have to fill up the tank when you return the car. Make sure you use up the whole tank if you choose this option because you will not get your money back if you don't. Also, don't let them guilt you into buying the insurance coverage. It's an additional $25 a day and you will get through fine without it.On a more positive note, we received a new car that drove fine. It was well maintained, ran smoothly, and very clean. Only negative was that they did not give us an alarm.
5	We came in and were told about a $200 hold that was required for paying with a debit card (boo), however our rental agent went back and talked with the manager and only put a $100 hold on our card. We had to wait a little longer for her to redo our rental contract, but I was not complaining at all about it. Got to the car and inspected it had a couple scratches but nothin major. I will definately use budget the next time I come back to Vegas.
2	I've rented twice here now.  Both times I've had a charge on my card after the rental which I've had to call about.  Both times I was charged for fuel even though I returned it completely full.  They reverse the charge, but seems like they are trying to slip one past me.
1	I can't speak to other Budget Car Rental locations, however I will speak about my experience at this location by using one French word: TerriblesThis particular location needs some help and fast. The desk-employee handling the reservation, at first, was appropriate until we came to insurance. I confronted him about insurance and he insisted that we take insurance due to Nevada state policy. We reluctantly signed for extra-insurance. The employee was rather short and abrupt, haughty even, after we signed the papers. Long story short, YOU DON'T NEED EXTRA-INSURANCE, this is in fine-print on the papers, and I don't need attitude from an employee.  I quickly returned and asked to speak to a manager. I had to wait 20 minutes until the manager helped me. She did apologize for the wait. She rectified the situation. I was already treated poorly by an employee and had to wait 20 minutes to speak to a manager. The employee's attitude was never addressed, however. With that said, the car was fine and the car-return was acceptable. However, knowing that I could have been over-charged over $100 for something I didn't need is just unacceptable. I will go to the slot machines and poker tables for the action of money squandering, thank you very much.  There is also the option of renting from other car agencies.Oh well, I will be returning to Las Vegas, but never coming back to this rental place. I leave with you another French saying, "I bid adieu."
2	I like renting from Budget, but the customer service from Jazmine was lacking. She was not friendly and did not smile much. Picking up a car after midnight, this would have made the experience a little more pleasant. I also noticed she was chewing gum. Very tacky and shouldnt be allowed at the counter/on-duty. I work at a hotel and our front desk staff is never allowed to chew gum at the desk while on duty.
1	A reservation means nothing, we had a convertible reserved, showed up and no car available. An hour and a half later we got a car that had a dirty interior. Hey thanks for giving us a great start to our vacation! On the plus side the woman at the counter was super nice, if this is about her it would be 5 star.
1	Terrible terrible service!!!! Where to begin? Advise to those that book........although you get a confirmation number it isn't guaranteed that you'll get a car. We arrived a little late because our flight got delayed, but ended up being told, "we only have a 15 passenger van available!" I even prepaid my car but they had nothing available till god knows when!Never again will I book with Budget!! It's ok because Hertz gave us a better deal for the same type of car we wanted......$40 less!!!
1	Workers here are super slow. Its 12:55 in the morning and I have been here for 40 minutes already. Not even that long of a line.Avoid at ALL COSTS!
3	Reasonable rental process.Reasonable car in reasonable condition with reasonable mileage.Reasonable service.Reasonable price.Reasonable return.Very reasonable.
1	There is a serious management issue with this location.  Please see all of the other reviews where the lines are too long, the scare tactics to rent insurance and the misrepresentation regarding insurance pricing.  No need to share a detailed run down of my experience Sunday night (April 14).  Arrived at the rental counter at 7 pm to a long line.   Finally was served 45 minutes later.  By the way, with the long line, some agents clocked out...meaning their shift was over despite 20 or so customers waiting.  This is a management issue. Each customer transaction, by my count is about 10-15 minutes.  Other car rentals in my long history of business travel:  Five minutes...even when using the counter vs. express rental.  Again, something is terribly wrong with  Budget's rental process or the company's process at McCarran. On Sunday night,  the issue was that the company could not turn over the cars fast enough (the returns and new rentals).  Again, not enough staffing at both ends, when due to reservations, the company can and should anticipate the rush and staff accordingly.  As a shareholder and customer of this company, I am appalled.
1	We arrived with a reservation on a low traffic evening.  It took us a half hour to get our car.  Agents were VERY slow.  Ours seemed more interested in selling us insurances than getting us to our car.  The car we finally ended up with had minimal accessories.
3	This is another one of those businesses that was exactly what I was expecting and not much more. I reserved the size of vehicle I wanted a few months in advance of my trip to Vegas. We used the rental car shuttle to get from the airport to the rental car mall and easily found the Budget location. The wait to actually do the paperwork and get the keys was too long but the employee we dealt with was nice and he did his damnedest to keep up with our hilarious, and often ridiculous, banter. I prepaid for a tank of gas up front to save a few bucks and make the return of the car that much easier. In the size I reserved I was offered either a Toyota Corolla or a VW Jetta. I opted for the Jetta because um... I flipped a coin in my head as to which crappy car I'd drive? I forgot to bring an auxiliary cable but the Jetta did offer an aux. in for music player hookup. Once we completed the check out process we made our way to the garage and found our vehicle pretty easily. They could probably make it a little easier to find your car but it wasn't too bad... look for the flashing emergency blinkers. All in all I got what I expected and paid a price I was happy with. I'd probably use Budget again if I need a car my next trip to Las Vegas. I'm a fan.
1	I had just signed up for the Fast Track service. It took 15 min to get through the line for the Fast Track. Took a quick look, loaded up, and off. A little advice - bring a flashlight and spend 5-10 min checking for damage. My $110 rental included $275 in "damages." It looked like a very old scratch that had been repaired and chipped off. I have rented from Avis for 30 years without a hitch, but never again from Budget LV.
1	Seems from the reviews that more than my mother-in-law have been screwed over by this location and false reports of damage. I would steer clear or take pictures of every inch of the car, before and after renting.
3	not much to say...it was just OK
1	Super slow. Waited in line for over hour with only 5 people in front.  horrible... never rent from here.
1	Rented a car from Bugdet. A week later they bill me on top of my original bill $256.62. My original bill was less than $60. When my credit card statement came in I was pretty surprised to see the second charge. I knew they had a hold of $200 when that drops off after you return the car. I called to try and get an answer of why I was billed a second time and no one including the manager had an answer. I opened a dispute claim and they said they would contact me in 4 days. 4days passed and I heard nothing. I called back to find out the status and they told me that they had no idea why I was charged and that they would call me back about my claim. Do to their "I could give a care less" attitude on the phone, I called my credit card company and reported it as a fraudulent charge. With several rental places to choose from, if Budget is the only one with a car left, take the bus.
1	Be CAREFUL with this location...I rent from Vegas ~10 times a year, usually with National (I have Executive status) but when the price isn't right I shop around.  I have rented from pretty much all of the agencies over the years without issue.  On my recent rental with Budget I was sent a bill for (minor) pre-existing damage.  I've been meticulous about taking photos, marking damage on forms, etc... so I will fight to get the charges removed.  But even if the outcome is in my favor I should not have to go through this whole process ... a huge pain in the rear and a waste of time.I rented from Budget before without issue.  It's possible I may have just been very unlucky but looking through the reviews (here and elsewhere) this particular location seems more likely to prey on customers.  Rent here... at your own risk.
1	This place was horrible. The customer service person at Fastbreak Kiosk added LDW to my rental without my consent. When I confronted him, he simply said that it was on my Fastbreak profile(1 liar point). I told him to remove LDW.  When he handed the key to the car, he gave me a an option of Hyundai Elantra or Dodge Avenger (intermediate class).  When I asked him where was my free upgrade to full size, he simply stated that they were sold out...while we were looking at 6 camrys and 2 sonatas (which the other attendant told me that those cars were available but I just needed to pay more to upgrade)....(2 liar points).  So this guy refused my free upgrade because I refused to purchase his LDW?  Lesson learned? Watch out for a bunch of shyster running this budget ready to milk your money.
2	Renting a car for a day should be a quick and easy process that requires little to no human interaction, especially in 2013. Unlike competitors, Budget Car rental places you into a line that takes a lot longer than it should to speak with a rental clerk. Too bad most of the other companies have self-check-in systems and automation to their check-in's. After being berated about insurances, upgrades and other senselessness you are able to pick up your rental. For our day rental a credit check was performed (standard) and an initial hold is placed against your car for either $200 or the value of your rental. This process makes total sense, the fact it takes well over 20 minutes because of their "PC's" does not. To top it off you then must go and wait in a unmanned area where you will be brought your car, or depending on what you rented you may be able to just go to the spot and grab you car. Again we waited while they did a sloppy job cleaning the outside of the car and preparing it for you.40 minutes later you will get your rental, and begin to start your activities. In a city that's massively touristy I would normally expect to wait this long, but when it was 12am on a weekday during the offseason I begin to wonder about this locations management. Use if need be, but as a last resort - 2 stars.
4	To all future Vegas tourists: rent a car before you rack up receipts from taxis on the strip. Budget was the most reasonably priced option after hours of research. For debit card holders like myself, they hold only $100 which is awesome! Other rental car establishments hold $300 to $700! Sometimes more! If you do the calculations, you are better off renting a car for your trip. Do it! Customer service was great. No issues whatsoever.
1	HORRIBLE customer service and scamming business practices that borderline on FRAUD!Rented a car for 5 days from the Las Vegas airport location and was quoted $34.99 per day. Upon returning the vehicle, the bill was over $1,600.00. The explanation I received was "you returned it early". REALLY??? I am being grossly overcharged for returning a vehicle EARLY??? After the "adjustment" was made by the man in the booth outside, I was still being charged almost double what I was quoted. His explanation was "there is a 40% tax". REALLY?? So, I proceeded inside to speak with a manager. I was greeted by a young lady who was smirking and seemed to think these gross overcharges and deceptive business practices were amusing and funny. The manager, Paul, was not much help either. He was extremely reluctant to speak to me at the counter and offered no intelligent explanations. Come to find out, I had been deceived and opted in to full coverage insurance at over $25.00 per day! RIDICULOUS! I never opted for full coverage insurance, but I do remember being hounded and pushed excessively at the counter to purchase this coverage. My reply was NO! I had to fill out an "incident" report and after "they review their cameras and recordings" they will make a decision. LOL! I have a feeling I will be disputing this charge with American Express. On top of all this, the information and names on the rental were not even correct. The only thing Budget seemed to get correct was my credit card information, which has been abused and grossly overcharged.In conclusion, RENTERS BEWARE OF BUDGET!
1	Do NOT use Budget Car Rental at the Las Vegas Airport. In this electronic day and ago, you still have to wait in line to talk to a counter agent. I arrived at 1130pm on 1/16/2014 and I had to wait in line about 25 minutes before I could talk to a counter agent. I was at the counter for an additional 10 minutes before they finished punching my information into the computer.Budget Car Rental is way way horrible due to the wait times and the lack of automated kiosks. I would either recommend Alamo or National or Hertz because they have these automated kiosks and you will get your car in less than 5 minutes.
1	**THIS COMPANY IS A FRAUD MONEY STEALING BLACK HOLE.**Do not trust this company with any of your car rentals. I arrived a few hours earlier than the reserved pickup time. I asked if it was alright to pick up the car earlier than the reservation without any extra charges and they said it was fine and I already reserved the car for the extra hours (supposedly). I put a $27 insurance on top of for the day, thinking it was a simple $27 charged. A $92 total balance for the rental for one day in Vegas wasn't too bad. THING AGAIN! I was billed an extra $114! For a total of $186 for ONE DAY! I argued with the manager who gave a "I could care less" attitude and said the extra charges where a 40% tax on top of other fee's in relation to the insurance I accepted and the EXTRA HOURS. They never mentioned these fees when I went to pick up my car, and ofcourse they charged me for the extra hours which they stated at first were already included in the $72 previous balance when I reserved the car.I wasn't able to get my money refunded. DON'T TRUST YOURSELF WITH THIS COMPANY. HORRIBLE LYING CUSTOMER SERVICE, CRUEL ATTITUDE TO ANY OF YOUR NEEDS, AND OUTRAGEOUS HIDDEN FEE'S
1	We prepaid and arrived an hour after our scheduled time due to flight delays. We actually took advantage of the Southwest partner deal so they collect flight information. We arrive and a line of 10 people ended up taking over 40 mins to get a car. Did I mention we had prepaid???? Apparently they ran out of cars and instead of telling everyone in line they just make you stand there. We were very fortunate to get a car bc there were several that were still sitting on a curb waiting for one to show up. We actually said skip the wash just give us the keys. Otherwise, the car, location and drop off were fine. But when you are on vacation and have to leave at 7 AM the last thing you want is being stuck waiting on a car at midnight!
1	Don't rent a car from here... There are way better deals you can find online. We were rushing to get a car to get to a funeral and they were way overpriced! Carolynn (I think that was her name) at the desk was very nice and so was the gentleman working the booth in the garage. Check online for better deals because it wasn't very budget friendly!
1	I've been renting from these guys for some time.  Nothing special about them.  Sometimes when they have a deal, I'll just choose them.  But I was really annoyed from the last rental experience.  First during check in, the line was super long.  I waited about 30 minutes before I got to the very front.  This lady told me and 2 people behind me to go straight downstairs to check in.  We headed down and only to wait in another line.  I was pissed!  I was already next and now waiting in another line.  Whatever!Then when I brought the car in for drop off at 5am Monday morning, there was only one older Pacific islander GRUMPY lady checking everyone in.  So finally waited for my turn.  She marked my car as dented and didn't tell me.  She wrote down gas not filled up.  But I told her I have a receipt for the gas and she didn't want to see it.  She said she have to write it that way and I just have to deal with corporate for the dispute.  Sure enough, I get my bill and they charged my $13 per gallon extra.  I called them and they said I should of shown the receipt.  What the hell is going on?!?!  I'm doing a charge back and never ever EVER renting from these lazy people who can't get their system straight!
1	Good people BEWARE_Not only are these people tricksters/swindlers in getting you to agree to extra insuranceNot only do they have no concept of customer service and are rude, blatantly racist and condescending. they will take your money and hang you out to dry Not only does management  appear to have been trained ina gypsy Middle Eastern bazaar who ar pushy and do not listen to your concerns, but I found they are:THIEVES as well!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had a money order made at western union , and because of my rush to get to the airport, i placed the money order in the glove compartment. I had not filled out the payee, and the receipt (perforated portion) was still attached.In my rush I forgot it there- and proceeded to the shuttle bus. On the bus , within 5 minutes i discovered that I had forgotten the check and called them at the desk- they claimed that they looked and found nothing. ONLY FIVE MINUTES OUT-I was advised by Western Union, that the check was cashed out at some seedy liquor store close to the vegas airport. These people are crooked creepy scum of the earth.I am appaled that Budget allows them to operate. Budgetwas genuinely concerned but claimed that the budget operation is FRANCHISED and as such they can get away with crookedness like this. Budget offered me something for loyalty, but since it would not come from the actual location itself, I refused to accept.
1	WORSE CAR RENTAL COMPANY EVER!!!!! Do not rent here!!!!!!! Just landed for a short fun vacation to Vegas. We were told at the counter by Mario (budget rep)that we had purchased full insurance online while making the reservation, and we were incentivated to purchase additional insurance. Our tires popped 10 minutes after getting the car. . So we waited hours to het a car, and the manager or whatever she was Laura sottile 'helped' us by saying there was nothing she could do. No options. No help, no care. So pissed and so dissapointed. We were told the insurance covered everything and all of a sudden there is nothing they can do. Never coming back here again
1	Worst Budget experience ever!  First it is off site from the airport and is a atleast an extra 45 minutes of travel time each way.  The man we checked in with was overly rude and combative and felt he needed to argue with me about my Amex not being enough coverage and that I need to buy their insurance too.   When I dropped off the car there was an additional 30 minute wait to inspect the car because there was one person checking in 15 plus cars.  I also chose the prepay gas option to "save money" and then was charged $35.00 to fill a 1/4 tank of has in the roller skate I rented.   It was overall a very poor experience.  And will not rent from the Vegas Budget ever again.
1	My husband and I had a bad experience renting a car in La Vegas. They tried to charge us for gas even though we filled up before we returned the car.  We had a receipt so we were able to get it removed. Why should we have to go through the hassle.
2	Let me be clear, the only reason I'm giving this 2 stars is because we did end up with the car we reserved, it was a great car, and because we purchased through Costco, we didn't have any of the long lines or  billing issues other people have experienced.  Otherwise, it definitely would have been 1 star experience.I didn't bother really reading reviews before I booked, because I figured if Costco worked with them, it would be OK, but let me just say that there was nothing "fastbreak" about our Budget Fastbreak experience.Yes, the rental center is far from the airport and it is a pain, but most airports are going to this model, so it is what it is.We had reserved a convertible.  When we arrived to get our car, there was a lot of background discussion.  Turns out that the Budget "marketing department" had all (9) convertibles "locked down" and there wasn't a single one available to us - or so we were being told.  The rather rude attendant called a manager (about 3 times before he answered his phone) and his solution was to "upgrade" us to a luxury Hyundai for a day, and then we could come back and they would try and get us into a convertible the next day.  Seriously?  Maybe in his world that is a solution.We argued with the attendant for a while who insisted that they couldn't possibly release a convertible to us because they didn't have keys to the cars.  Really?  You have cars and no keys?  At this point, my husband asked to speak to the manager directly and quite firmly told him that we had booked a convertible, we knew they had convertibles available, and it was going to be terrible marketing if we didn't end up driving out in a convertible.  And, I guess the manager finally agreed, because the next thing we heard over the intercom was the instruction to release a convertible.But, they wouldn't make it easy.  First, they had to dig one out and then they wanted to get it ready for us, wash, etc. They said 10 - 15 minutes more.  We had been there over 30 minutes.  Now, if they truly had these cars held for a "marketing" purpose, don't you think they would already be clean?  At this point, our rude attendant up and leaves and another guy, who has no idea what is going on, takes her place. My husband walks over to Avis to see if they have any convertibles...they don't.  So we wait.Finally, after we had been there 45 minutes, a brand new red Mustang convertible shows up, we get the keys and are on our way.  The car, itself, was great.When we returned the car, we were running late, but they did have several people on the return line.  We ended up with another rude attendant who was personally going to check every item on the car and put the top up.  I asked her for the receipt because we were late, and she snapped that she had a process.  So, I just left without a receipt.  It was only today, as I was reading other people's experiences that I raced to check my credit card and luckily, we were only charged what Costco said we would be charged.So, I guess the moral is, if you are going to use Budget in Vegas, go through Costco for pricing, but be prepared for lousy service.
1	This is my first experience with budget and my last.  I had to wait 30 minutes to get to a rep to assist me.  My reps name was Jeff and he was very agressive with trying to get me to take the damage waiver insurance.   He even told me that if someone else hit me and it was their fault, that Nevada law would hold me accountable and that I would be charged a rental fee for as long as the car was in the shop being repaired.  I fell for it and finally agreed to the $25 per day.  I believe that this is a questionble sales tactic and that I was scammed.  It took me forever to go thru all of the paperwork and the pressuring to get the insurance.  I travel a lot for business and have never experienced this kind of service with enterprise or avis.  I will never use budget again.  if Jeff is the face of budget and they are ok with him using scare tactics and lying to customers to get a sale then I want nothing to do with them.  Congratulations budget, you took my $100 but lost a customer for life.
1	The Worst rental car representatives available.  DO NOT use them!!! Long line,and rude, deceptive agents attempt to fast talk you into expensive services. I was mislead and totally tricked into the gas service. A $118 rental turned into $230. ($111. in gas)
1	Very poor service.  Laura the manager was called down to help the CSR at the "Fast Break" counter.  I have been in 4 budgets cars over the last few weeks and I have never been at a "fast break" center that was this slow   Laura then instated that I apologize for the employees incompetence
4	After having a good experience at Denver I figured I would try budge at Vegas.  Long line at the counter but other than that it was smooth.  They didn't try to up sell me.  I got the gas option and retuned the car with almost no gas.   That's not needed as plenty of places to get gas in Vegas within 10 miles.   I got a subcompact car.  This car was very very small.  Looked like a 4 door smart car.  Return was easy, and overall pleasant experience
1	Run for the hills! I'm glad I planned some extra time, because I spent quite a long time in line here. As I stood in line watching each customer, each one looked upset and left looking defeated. Nobody had a smile on their face or seemed pleased with their customer service. When I got to my car it was in the middle of a dark parking garage (which made the inspection difficult). The worst part of my rental car experience was upon my return when they said the car was damaged. I looked all around the car and couldn't find anything. I asked another employee to come down and look at the car and she couldn't find any damage either. However, the inspection officer insisted their was a few centimeters "dent" in the door. I had to fill out a damage report and claim information (again, another waste of my time). I ended up having to pay $20 for it (I got lucky). I will now be forever paranoid about rental cars and won't rent from Budget again. The "damage" thing seems quite fishy. You get what you pay for here.
2	Hidden costs everywhere! The $45 for the weekend ended up being $128 for just driving a few miles. Humph. I have rented cars from many different agencies and this was the worst experience in regards to surprise cost. The service was okay. The agents were friendly and fast. That doesn't make up for the trick pricing, though. :-(
1	I don't care how cheap they may be, i will not go back anymore! I've rented from them a couple of times but RATHER PAY MORE from other companies then have to deal with them! I'm not saying I'm the guru at renting cars, but I have rented enough to know what I want!!*For some reason the line is always long here, no matter how many people they have working!! *When i say "No, i don't need the insurance my AMEX will cover!" I know you have to try for another 5 mins but to give me attitude the rest of the transaction cuz I said NO just isn't right!! I'm sure you get commission if you sell more, but you still need to be professional with us customers!*Our gas is cheaper if you pre pay with us! No again.*No, I don't want to upgrade my car to a convertible or Mustang. No on the 5 dollars more a day for the next size up!*when we returned our car we had to wait awhile for someone to check us out cuz they only had 1 person working.I know it's about selling, but I'm sorry No No No and then No shouldn't take forever and bad service...
3	Wait was about 30 minutes (4 people ahead of us)Agent did the usual buy our insurance speech but instead of offering it she acted like it was absolutely necessary and after hours of traveling I almost didn't catch that she had charged it without even asking me. Then she before she took it off she kept saying "I do not recommend this, you will be responsible for paying for blah blah." The agent was also overly pushy trying to up-sell us on other cars after we told her we were happy with the one we got. We were happy with the car and even though check in was painful - returning the car was pretty painless.
1	Renters Beware. Budget return ferrets are going over the cars with a magnifying class. Windshields are their target! If there is a minute pinhead spot on the windshield, they are claiming you chipped it while driving the car. What a scam. They should be ashamed of themselves!!! I had checked the vehicle body and made sure all the windows didn't have cracks before taking possession but little did I know that I had to check the windshield that thoroughly. Next time I rent a car(not with Budget), I'll make sure I sit in the driver's seat and go over the whole windshield from within. Budget spoiled was had been a nice vacation!
2	We haven't really ever had any trouble with other locations but this one is not so great.We booked a car through Costco for a total was $36, we needed an upgrade because our luggage wouldn't fit in the original car. Agent told us the total cost would be $80. My Mom asked for a new contract, but the agent said "oh no need, I fixed it in the computer." Fast forward two days. We drop the car off and the agent gives us the receipt for $142. Where did these extra charges come from?Now they are saying that because of the upgrade, there is an additional charge of $10/day on top of the $80 so they will refund us $42. Additionally, since the manager was unable to fix the billing, he honored our $36 price (to be reflected in a couple days on our credit card). This is the only reason I'm giving them 2 stars. If a customer requests a new contract, one should be granted. Nice try trying to charge us more...
1	ZERO stars. Rico at the counter upstairs took 30 minutes to get our contract and then proceeded to assigned us a car he wasn't supposed to and we, the PAYING customer, get lectured and yelled at repeatedly by a man named Monte downstairs when we tried to get into the car assigned TO us. Waited another 30 minutes for them to locate another car for us while it's 100 degrees in the parking garage in the desert.  I even had to go back upstairs to find the manager Frank who didn't even bother to make eye contact with me while his employees tried to figure out the situation. I would pay more next time and rent from someone else to avoid the drama and the wasted time. Great way to start my vacation! Thanks Budget employees!
1	DONT DO IT!!!  Unless you like waiting in line for 20 minutes on a Thursday afternoon...  They have 4, yes 4 people when there is a line of 15 people.  Are you serious?!?!  Zero stars but you can't do that...
1	The worst place you could ever rent a car. I rented a Jetta and within an hour of having the car I drove towards my hotel and the front tire blew off on the freeway. I was scared and shocked and I had to wait over an hour for their specific car people to replace the tire and was sent a bill for over $400. How is one tire for a economy car $400 and it was not even my fault which wasn't even covered by insurance. I tried to dispute the bill and they wouldn't even return a phone call. If that is the people you want to deal with then rent a car here.
1	Inconsistent service with other budget rent a car establishments (Memphis airport was an excellent budget). Here in Vegas, a white foreign lady kept trying to upsell the insurance even though it's well known that your credit card has a loss damage waiver policy attached whenever you buy. But even if  you're a "smart" consumer, she'll try to lay down a guilt trip or say that you need proof of insurance  from the credit card company. When's the last time you heard a credit card company giving you an insurance card?  In her words  "the police in Las Vegas are really bad". Like they'll pull you over for anything and if you don't have proof of insurance, they'll arrest you and impound the car, for which you'll be responsible for the charges.  Are you kidding me?  It's a rental! Credit card = insured.  Duhhh. The Guy at the check out gate acted like a disgruntled security guard or something. He wasn't happy.  Come. 'On as a tourist in a tourist city, the car rental check out is probably the first chance to make a first impression.  Budget, your foriegn-accented white lady
3	No kiosks at this rental agency.  The rental car in Los Angeles had almost no air conditioning, but the car in Las Vegas was brand spanking new.  Both cars were the same Fullsize class too, so what you receive is really hit or miss.
1	We booked a car at the budget location at Las Vegas last year. The service was terrible. It was near midnight and there were 5 people in front of us and it took them 45 minutes to attend to us. Then when we finally had an attendant it took her a long time just to give us a car. We thought that was a bad day, an outlier and ended up booking a car again at the same location this year and the service was bad again! Again the wait was forever. This time it was in the morning and there were more people in front of us and more attendants were at the location still it was very slow. I could see other customers both in the waiting line and those being attended very unhappy with their speed or lack of speed. This time our attendant was talking to us rudely, at one point she was insisting upon us to take the insurance even though I mentioned to here clearly that I have taken care of the insurance. Then finally she directed me to a location where the car was supposed to be parked. When we sent there there was no car there. We found another attendant and asked her about the car and she said that the car must have gone for a car-wash. So after 15 minutes we got the car.I have no problem with Budget as such. But this particular location will never be used by my family and friends.
5	Great, friendly service with Frank K (or Francisco?) We got our deal for a Mustang Convertible through Costco.com $227 for 7 days. The line was long, but I was helped in about 15 - 20 minuets. Have your own car insurance.  It gets pricey for all the add ons, but Frank never pressured me or made me feel obligated about the add ons. Our additional driver was free. They do hold $200 on your account,  but honestly my current online bank statement doesn't have it on there.  I payed using my debit/Visa card. The reviews I read for this location got me a little worried, but I prayed for favor & everything went absolutely smoothly. We are very happy with our black Mustang convertible & it's our 1st time here in Vegas!!
1	Very rude people here I felt the pressured to buy the insurance and when I was exiting the place the worker made me run back and give him his stupid 10cent pen
1	I have rented from Budget/Avis several times in the past, mostly from different states. Rented a mini van at LAS airport because all the locations around town were closed. When I have rented in the past I got descent service and usually enjoyed the car. This time, I will base my entire rental history on this one experience. First, I thought the rental was a bit over priced but others were more expensive. Representative at the counter was okay until he started talking about the insurance option. He made me feel like a criminal for not taking it and threatened me with several thousand dollars worth of damages to a car I hadn't even rented yet. None the less, got away from him and headed to the garage. Back in the days there used to be a rep at the car who would look over any damage with you. There were a couple dings and scratches worth notating but couldn't tell anyone except the guy at the booth when you exit. He was less than helpful and probably had the worst customer service skills ever. All in all, we have a van to take our kids to disneyland do not all bad. I think next time I will spend a few extra dollars to get better service.
1	AVOID!!! I have leased cars there twice. First time the woman at the desk said something such as "I assume you will want full protection." I said no and that was pretty much it. The most recent occasion I got the hard sell. A different woman used language such as "5 states don't recognize X type of insurance," "you know you will be personally liable, right," and "you know what that means, right?"  I am an attorney, know exactly what insurance I have, and won't fall for this rubbish. But I can see how this hard sell tactic could cause others to buy something that they don't need. When I see businesses engaging in this type of tactic to make a few extra dollars, I avoid. I will never rent from Budget again.
1	This is a review for 8/24/14.  Upon entering the rental car area, the line for Budget was OUT THE DOOR.  No other companies had such a long line.  People waiting on line for over an hour.  3 people at the counter assisting.  Chaos.  Most people left the line and booked their car elsewhere.  Even though it was a Sunday, don't you think Budget would review how many incoming customers they would have, and have enough people on staff to assist? Never again will I use Budget at this location.
1	looks like everyone else beat me to it. customer service at this location was horrendous. i've never had an issue with budget until this location. the guy at the drop of site must have had a bad day. spitting attitude and dirty looks (wtf?). he also charged me per mile on accident, so i had to go to the service desk upstairs (which he was no help in directing us to where that was). low and behold, the line is out the door. thanks, but no thanks. vegas budget, get your act together.
1	*********************SCAMMERS********************I rented there last week. Prepayed the rental. I specifically told them "I want no additional coverage!!!! and I want my prepaid amount" they said "fine, sign here and here"   The line he had me signed said "I accept/decline additional coverage" ... of course I get my bill and it is a $140 more than my prepaid amount. They claim that I requested additional "loss waiver"  BS!!! I called the manager twice ... hung up on twice. I am now filing fraudulent charges with my credit card*********AVOID AT ALL COST*********************
5	I had a good experience here so I thought it was important to give my review after so many awful ones.When I arrived there were only 2 people in front of me and I probably didn't wait more than 5 minutes. The gentlemen who checked me in was nice enough and didn't push the additional insurance when I declined it.The car I received was a Honda Civic which met my needs well. There were quite a few dings and scratches, but I made sure to note them all before taking the car. I was off the lot fairly quickly even though there were two cars in front on the way out. When I returned the car there were about 6 cars that arrived at the same time. However, they had two people checking people in and it didn't take too long. I received no additional charges, but I'm still waiting for the two $100.00 holds to clear off my credit card. I returned the car on Saturday, so I expect that should happen sometime this coming week.I will note that I made my reservation through Priceline and the car was prepaid which may have had some effect on my experience.
1	This place is hit or miss at times. I've rented many times in the past from here and the service and wait has been ok. Today was just really bad. There were at least 20 customers in line waiting for one of the 2 representatives to help them. I was in line for at least. 30 minutes before I decided to look on Costco Travel for an alternate rental company. They had a reservation at Alamo available for $5 more than what I was planning to pay at Budget. Booked while in line and walked over to Alamo kiosk to complete my reservation. Went back and told the others to do the same. I think they decided to whither away in the line.Budget just doesn't seem to get that customer service is their business. If they can't help their customers they won't have too many much longer.
1	***** GAS SCAM ****If you do not have gas receipt, even if gas gage shows full, they will charge you $15. If you can, show charge on credit card web site, assuming you paid via CC. They will not purpose this solution, just point out fine print in contract.
2	2 hour wait to pick up reserved car.The only way to get through that fast is to agree to anything and everything they say.If you don't accept the insurance offer then they keep you explaining it to you and keep you at counter.  Budget keeps badgering you about it.Not using them again.
1	First of all I feel scammed here.  Why didn't I read the Yelp reviews beforehand?   I would have avoided this place like the plague. We got a fast talking rep at the counter, Carmen.I gave her a copy of my Costco Travel rental car reservation.  Whenever I rent a car I always decline additional insurance as I've got AAA insurance which I specifically told her.  Carmen is fast talking during the entire transaction and says we must have minimum insurance coverage.  Oh, o.k.  Not knowing we are paying additional $26 more each day.   She says sign here and here on a digital tablet, and we do.It wasn't until she hands us a hard copy of the rental agreement and we look at it later that we see the additional charge.  I ask if we can we get it back, and she just giggles.Avoid Budget at all cost.   Unscrupulous business practices.  We ended up paying an additional $104.00.Subsequently I wrote an email to customer service disputing the $104.00.  Of course the rep sides with Carmen based on the written agreement that we agreed to optional liability insurance.   Sign here, and sign here on a small digital screen doesn't allow the consumer to read it in total.  Too bad for Budget as they've lost what could have been a repeat customer.
1	I have been a loyal Budget customer for at least 15 years.  This has been the worst experience in those years.  Even as a Fast-Break member, I waited over 30 minutes.  The only thing more frustrating than their "take it or leave it" attitude, was the total lack of interest and consideration.Although I'm sorry that I didn't read the horrible reviews before I made my reservation, I hope to save the next guy this exasperating experience.
1	I should have done some research and read te reviews on Budget before booking! But I did book through Priceline and chose the cheapest option because I thought I only needed it to get my parents, brother and I to and from the airport. Shuttle and taxi would have costed the same or more. So everything was well when I arrived, I was greeted by a nice lady at the front. No one in line, what could go wrong? The wait was about 15 minutes, still acceptable-no complaints. Rico was the associate who helped us. He deserves ZERO stars. He goes through half of the process without saying much then he asks would I just need basic coverage OR full liability coverage (or something equivalent). No option for no coverage, keep in mind. So instinctly I said basic, however after a few seconds I asked him if it was going to cost extra cause I won't need it if it was. He starts to give me his spiel and practically forces on me. He asks what insurance I have and what my deductible is and everything. I politely rejected his offer and he gives us the most horrible attitude. He just tells me to sign without telling me where, and after I signed in the wrong area, he just throws the paper back at me and asks me to sign again without pointing out where! My brother couldn't handle it anymore and starts arguing with him and that's when Rico pretends to be nicer. This is ridiculous. I don't know if Budget requires your associates to sell or if there is a big incentive. Either way, cut it out! It's annoying and gives your customers a bad experience!The one star that they do deserve is their price. My family ended up staying an extra night and I had tried to call Budget to extend my rental but NO ONE ever picks up the phone. This was during business hours too. I even tried their 1-800 number and for some reason they couldn't help me. So I ended up thinking I would pay a lot for late fees and an extra day, however it was only about $30 more. Never going to book Budget McClarren again.
1	I will not write an entire story here so as not to bore everyone.  However this place and the people who work there rank in the very bottom/worst tier of customer service.  There was not a single thing that was done correctly by any of the agents.  Among the things that went wrong and were true pain-points:- Could not initially pull up reservation, even through I had the number and copy with me.- Pulled up a completely different reservation (under someone else's name) and didn't notice it until I pointed it out just before signing things.- All the computers crashed in the office and they had to resort to pen/paper.- I watched as agents next to me tried to suck every dollar they could out of the reservation by trying to convince everyone to purchase insurance.  It honestly appeared they tried to make it confusing and almost scare people to agree to getting insurance.  I understand offering it, but this was well beyond that.  Further, two of these people were very old and had a hard time understanding everything - I really felt bad for them as the agents were anything but helpful and patient and understanding.- Mysteriously was charged ~40% more upon returning the car, to which no one knew why when I went to the desk to inquire.- Throughout the entire experience and after while trying to resolve my problems, I was promised a call 4 times - never received a single call.  I have sent two emails to the "manager" - I have not received any reply.Needless to say, this place is just horrible and deserves -5 stars.  However, it's hard to say it is better/worse than any other car rental place as they all seem to give you nightmare experiences frequently.  I'd try any other place than Budget at LAS Airport - it may not be better but hopefully won't be much worse.
1	No STARS. It wouldnt let me post without choosing.  NO CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS!!! I WOULD RATHER PAY EXTRA ELSEWHERE FOR BETTER SERVICE. The greeter was the only positive aspect of my visit to Budget. My husband and I were the only people in line with 3 agents assisting customers. At least 20 mins later one of the agents finishes up with their guest, but instead of calling us over he proceeds to leave his station to chat with the greeters for a few mins as if we were never there. He finally calls us over asks for our info and NOT once does he make eye contact with me throughout the process. I hand him our info, and when he is done with this he tosses it back. DID I NOT HAND MY INFO TO YOU??!! RUDE. He pulls up the 2 reservations I made, I chose the one I wanted. Even after choosing the one I wanted HE STILL CHOSE THE WRONG ONE!! I am beyond frustrated at this point. He is mumbling and speaking so softly that I can barely hear or even understand what he is saying, mind you he speaks english. He doesnt tell us there will be a hold on my credit card for the rental, he just swipes. When I ask if there will be one he says $150. This is a LIE. I received an alert on my phone for the charge. I already knew Budget's policy. There is a $200 hold on your card, and since he was an idiot who was also a smarta$$ and chose the wrong reservation I was charged the $200 hold TWICE!!! It was finally time for him to UPSELL everything. He asked if we would like insurance for the vehicle, I said no thank you =) He said, "Let me finish." He then proceeded to try to scare and threaten us with what could happen. I still declined. I DECLINED EVERYTHING. We finally got the keys and walked away. Total check in time was over an hour. With NO LINE this does not make any sense. Life lesson learned, I WILL NEVER RENT FROM BUDGET AGAIN.
2	There are so many fees it's ridiculous. If you book a rental online expect more fees when you pick up the car. There are other deposits so you have been warned. If you are using a debit card expect different transaction holds in your pending payment section.  And worst of all it stays pending for a long long time. I recommend using a credit card instead of a debit bank card goodness.I would recommend getting the full coverage insurance it's worth it if you will be going out of the state. Don't turn in the car dirty they will charge a 100 dollar fee. The last thing I would like to say is for the employees to be informed with the policies before presenting it to the customer. The lady we had she was very nice, but at first she gave us the wrong information. When we talked with the supervisor for a question the employee apologized for giving us wrong information. It is very important to know everything before going to pick up your car and to be prepared for any surprises.
2	I should've read the reviews. I mean, I got a car...I drove it around...and it was all good, but the customer service here was so bad, I would much rather spend my money somewhere else. The woman that checked us back in was a saving grace, and I wish I had gotten her name. More on her later.Arriving to the LV airport, we caught the free shuttle to where they have all of the rental cars. It's pretty interesting that they literally built a building with almost every rent a car dealer under the same roof.We got to budget and waited a few minutes. The guy all the way to the right called us over. From the get go he tried to upsell us on a "BMW"."No thanks.""But just for a few dollars more you can get this luxury vehicle"."No, thanks".This just set the tone as the rest of the time he was super pushy - trying to upsell at every moment. I've never felt more uncomfortable renting a car. Towards the end he was visibly upset he couldn't get me on anything. I turned down the insurance, because I have full coverage. "Well, that won't cover so and so - and if the car is out of commission YOU will have to pay for every day we can't make money on it." those fear tactics are ridiculous. I declined it.The car itself was fantastic. It certainly wasn't a BMW, but it was FANTASTIC on gas, had a rear camera for backing up (I've never seen one in action haha, I was pretty impressed), leather seats (which warmed up, and made our cold mornings more cozy) and overall was fantastic! I'm convinced there was a camera in the dashboard facing us - there was a weird dome with a lens inside it. Thanks to Crystal W, I later learned that this was a sensor for the headlights - I was super paranoid all trip for nothing! HA!Now, the only saving grace (and reason for the extra star) - The agent that took care of us upon return was super nice! Working on Thanksgiving day and still had a great attitude. I had to tell her how nice she was (especially compared to the guy that rented us the car). She was smiling, pointed us in the right direction and wished us a safe flight.
1	Do not and Do not  rent car from here.I love Fast break and I rented car from here...  what a mistake.  They did not honor upgrade because "privately owned". Car was dirty all the way.  fast renting and fast return but not worse paying extra....  get fox rental car or cheap rental car company,if you need cheap rental car.  Budget is not like avis or national rental car level.
1	Thank you for your response Danielle (Manager).  Thank you for pointing out Document 10.C about gas transaction....How great is it, if I knew that a non-refundable prepaid gas is on 10.C section of the contract.  Why did not I know that,  is it because I do not work for your company.  Is it your job to communicate to your customer what the charges are before signing the contract.  We have business meetings to go to.  You think  we have time to look for section 10.C.  All I can say is, you guys are tying to hide the hidden charges from your customer.  You guys are not being honest and straight up.  And also, you did not mention anything about the rude customer service on the phone.  CSR did not talk for 10 minutes, then she decided to give the phone to someone else without letting me know.  I had to explain myself all over again.  Do you think this is right Danielle (manager). I think all of these could of been avoided with the right customer service attitude.  We will never use your company again ever, my friends and family  will not be using your company. (THIS IS MY RESPONSE TO DANIELLE manager, READ REPLY BELOW)This Car Rental is very DISAPPOINTING...... BAIT AND SWITCH.....I would like to give this place a Big 0 Star if I can.   Daily rate is about $15 and insurance $11 additional from priceline.  According to them, they do not honor the online price, and so the insurance will be additional $26 a day.  They added hour/mileage fee $44 (whatever that is), concession recovery fee $16, customer facility charge $$11.25, license fee $7.47 plus surcharges and taxes about $9.  All together our 3 day car rental is a total of $208.60 instead of $78 + tax.  Customer service was really rude over the phone.  She could not answer all of my questions, and so she did not talk for at least 10 minutes ( I thought she hung up) and then another person came on the phone to talk.  I was so frustrated and heated that I finally told them I would return the car.  I used the car for half a day and they charge me $100 because I prepaid gas $38 that was not refundable.  There's nothing in the contract that will say prepaid gas is not refundable if it is not use.  I rented a car from ENTERPRISE and they did not charge me the prepaid gas until I returned the car.  I just had to let them know that I will not be putting gas when I return it.  And ENTERPRISE allows you to do prepay without charging until you drop off the car to know how much gas you use.  UNBELIEVABLE... THIS PLACE IS THE WORST CAR RENTAL EVER.  DO NOT BE FOOLED WITH THEIR LOWEST PRICE BECAUSE BEHIND IT, WILL CHARGE MORE THAN TWICE OF WHAT IT IS SUPPOSE TO BE.  FROM $78 TO $208...THINK ABOUT IT......
5	Some rental car company complaints amuse me (and many don't). I think part of the behavior of rental car company is that they are handing the keys to a $30,000 vehicle (give or take) to someone they barely know (again, give or take), and the driver will probably abuse the car because it's "not theirs", so I take no offense against a counterling who once again reviews insurance issues and wants me to sign-off on decline additional coverage.  Fortunately, I haven't had to deal with a real problem.  Part of that is luck, and I've read true horror stories.  This time, lucky again.Budget did a great job.  No complaints.  Fast (as can be expected -- it's never fast if you go to the counter), pleasant, competent service.  A great car and a reasonable price.  Fast return.  Considering this a rental car company, it's as good as it gets.  Yes, I can fantasize better service: I get a big hug as I walk in, some old guy immediately tosses me the keys to a corvette and says, "bring it back empty, and don't worry about a crumpled fender".  But since I'm renting a car in the real world, not an imaginary one, world, this was as good as it gets.
5	I love this location now that I use Fastbreak.  They are usually busy so I used to have to wait even when I had a reservation but since I started booking directly through their web site using Fastbreak, I just stroll over to my car and drive off.  Returns have always been efficient and pleasant, too.
1	Don't rent from these people!! EXTREMELY SHADY UPSELLING PRACTICES!! Our sales associate attempted to charge us for unwanted insurance without our knowledge and nearly succeeded!We made a reservation through costco travel which I have used without a problem on multiple occasions. You pay exactly what is on the reservation receipt PERIOD! Our sales associate went over some insurance disclosures very poorly and did not make it clear that she was going to be charging us for extra insurance to cover the revenue the car could be making while it was being repaired. I told her i didn't need insurance and my geico coverage took care of rentals. After I told her this she rushed me through the disclosure section and on to the signature on the electronic pad. After I signed it my girlfriend asked to see the receipt and they were going to charge us over twice the price of what our 2 day rental was supposed to be after I just told them i didn't want their insurance! She told me that she disclosed it to me previously and never said I was being charged an additional dollar amount even though I CLEARLY VERBALLY DECLINED THEIR INSURANCE! I told her every time i rent through costco that i am not billed for additional unwanted insurance but she insisted that it was because I was from California and the rules are different in Nevada (total bs). After insisting that I didn't want to pay for this insurance she started using scare tactics saying we would have to pay for every day our was in the shop the cost of the daily rental. The cost of this insurance was about the equivalent of two days of the car rental cost, so basically you are paying for two days of rental revenue when you haven't even damaged the car... At this point i did not feel comfortable renting from them, i didn't want to be surprised by any other surprise fees. We walked away without renting from them. These sales associates are extremely untrustworthy and commission hungry. They are more interested in making more money than customer service. I felt that she was just trying to get me through this step quickly so I couldn't see the ridiculous insurance charge and get stuck with the fat bill on the return. I have read other reviews from them complaining about the exact same thing. I am not the only person who has gone through this. I have never been treated this way by a rental car company. Never renting from budget again
1	I was given a car with a key but without a key fob to control the alarm.  By the time I discovered it, I was hours away from the airport.  The entire time I had the car, the alarm went off every time I unlocked the car.  As you can imagine, it was a significant pain.  I told the check-in guy about the problem when he brought the car back, and asked him to make a note of it.  He didn't seem to care, and I haven't heard from Budget about it.
1	Worst service ever! People that rated them were being very generous. We got in early in the morning made previous arrangements  months ago and they had no car for us. Their excuse was, "Our car hasn't been returned yet."  Then we got handed us off to  another car rental.  Go figure!
1	Made the mistake of not reading the accurate reviews of the shady business practices.  I have rented cars literally over a hundred times and this is by far the most fraudulent shady business location I have ever encountered in the world.  The first hint that something is shady is that they spent an exorbitant amount of time trying to get you to buy their insurance and come up with all these crazy reasons you need it which other car companies will gladly assist you with.  They say you have to pay for an old battery that goes dead, you have to pay for a a damaged tire, etc regardless if it was your fault or not.  I have never heard of such nickel and diming.  They also heavily emphasize that you have to pay for any repair time.   The real problem is when you return the car the person inspecting the car is guaranteed to find something wrong with the car, even tiny things like a tiny chip in the window or paint chipped off or small dents, etc.  They will find something and they will make you pay dearly.  I am sure they get a bonus for writing down any possible damage on the car.  I am sure after they collect the additional money from you they spend absolutely none of it to fix the car so they can blame the next person for the damages and so on and so on so everybody pays for the damages from the customer from 50 rentals previous.   This is how they make their money.  Whatever enjoyment you got from your trip to Vegas will be completely obliterated when you have to deal with Budget when you return the car.  This is beyond a classless business.  You have been warned.  Read all of the reviews both recommended and not recommended.  The Reviews not recommended will support all of the recommended reviews.  Avis, Alamo in my opinion are the best, never once was I nickel and dimed and fraudulently schemed like at Budget.  Enterprise and Hertz are ok but their cars aren't the greatest and sometimes they are damaged but they will not try to make sure you are to blame from a previous renter's damage like this Budget place will do.  Although other Budget places may not have such shady practices, Las Vegas Budget is by far the seediest.  I don't know if this is their business model as the best and easiest way to make money off of their customers, but I will never rent from them again.  Shame on me for getting scammed this time.  I would be a total foolish moronic idiot to ever rent from here again. Negative stars would be a more accurate portrayal.  This place just makes my blood boil.  Disclaimer: I am actually being nice in this review.  I would rather say a whole bunch of expletives on how awful this experience was. Whoever defends this place obviously works for them or is related to somebody who is a manager here.  I wouldn't be surprised if all of the positive reviews come from employees and managers here.  I do not see how anybody could have a pleasant experience here.  They probably will treat you a little better if you bought all of their expensive extra insurance and were paying full price with no discount.  You are warned.
1	Wish I could give them 0 star. Reserved and paid online, waited for 1 hour to pick my car! I've been rent cars with budget for several years, but this Vegas site is the woooorst one I have ever experienced. My device is, don't rent with them, turn to some one else unless you want to wait endless like a dumbass in their line.
