5	Wow. I ate at Cho Won Garden this weekend, and it is definitely some of the best food I've had in a long, long time. I had the kim chi soup, and it was just the right amount of spicy to soothe my raging sinus infection. (Doesn't everyone in Charlotte have a raging sinus infection right now? I recommend Cho Won soup for a serious cure.)All the other Korean spots around town I've been to have been pretty sketchy. This is the first one I've found that can compare to the Little Korea places I used to visit for lunch when I lived in New York. The atmosphere is great, with beautiful tables in chairs. If you're with a big enough group, you can get them to cook the barbeque at the table, which is pretty exciting. I also enjoyed the little tapas-y things they brought out before the meal, including kim chi, marinated bean sprouts, peppers, and all kinds of goodies. Our waiter was the owner's son, which was kind of cool, as he had a lot of inside information. The staff was eager to talk to us and answer our questions. It was hands-down the best night out I've had in a few months. I hope this place lasts!
4	I have been hoping for a decent Korean restaurant around Charlotte since I moved here over 10 years ago... Finally, there is one! I have been a regular at Cho Won Garden since I first went a year ago. It's the only Korean BBQ place I've tried around here that's even comparable to the ones out in the San Francisco area I have frequented in the past. Cho Won has a great ambiance, tasteful Asian decor (lots of wooden accents), spacious seating, a separate bar area, and even a nice view of the clean kitchen through a long picture window. The staff all seem so personable and accomidating.If you're new to Korean BBQ, I suggest dining at one of the BBQ tables (where they will cook for you), and having either the Kalbi (BBQ short ribs), or Bulgogi (BBQ beef in a sweet/soy sauce based marinade). If you're feeling more adventurous, try the Pork Bulgogi BBQ, which is in a spicy marinade. Not in the mood for BBQ- try the Bi Bim Bop (a flavorful bowl mix of rice, veggies, bulgogi, hot sauce and topped with an egg). I could eat there daily!
4	I've been here many times because 1) there aren't a lot of Charlotte Korean restaurants, 2) my boss takes me here when we have our lunch break at least once a week, and 3) this place needs our business because of reason 1! The food's great, and the service is also great, but the BBQ is a rip-off. I'm never having BBQ there again.
5	I love this place! Living in NY area and eating quite often in Lil Korea in Manhattan where you get truly authentic Korean food, Cho Won Garden managed the same level of food as Lil Korea. Hubby isnt a fan of Korean food but I love it! This place is huge! Maybe it felt bigger also because it was quite empty which is really sad....but this also meant that the service could really dedicate their time to us ;o) I ordered the spicy pork Korean bbq and it was cooked perfectly. I also loved the amount of sides we got.There were about 10 sides!! I always decide how good the Korean restaurant is based on how good the kimchi is and damn that kimchi was yum! Can't wait to go again...hopefully with someone who truly enjoys Korean fare. A definite must try for people who like Spicy Asian food.
5	This place is so good....if you are bored with Japanese chop-chop, but still like the show, this could be what you are looking for.We had the short ribs...so tender and delicious. They cook them at the table so you can start pulling them off when they are done to your liking. We also had the bulgogi which is basically shaved prime rib marinated in a sweet spicy soy sauce...it is cooked on a different grill from the short ribs....this is delicious also.To have the food cooked at the table you must choose 2 of the same meat, approximately $17-$25 per choice....you can mix different flavors though...example: if you want the marinated and non marinated short ribs you can order this. Dishes are all served with rice in a metal bowl with lid. Many small condiment dishes are served....ask your server what is in each bowl, they are more than happy to explain anything there! If you want more of something, just ask, they are happy to bring more! there is also lettuce served.If you are uncertain how to eat the food, ask....the waitresses here are very kind and will answer any questions that you have...they seem to understand that not everyone knows the "rules" for eating Korean food.We like to break the lettuce up into smaller pieces, get a little bean curd and some meat and veggies....maybe a pickle...and make a small little sandwich wrap...just enough for 1 or 2 bites. They also served us complimentary ginger cinnamon tea for dessert, which was a very nice way to end our meal.
4	I came in here on a Thursday with a friend after a long-time hankering for Korean food. Since this is apparently the only Korean restaurant in Charlotte, we drove about 30 minutes to arrive at an empty restaurant (always a great sign, heh).Entering, I was surprised at how well furnished the place was, and the server was friendly and helpful. My friend and I both had some spicy pork dish (sorry, can't recall the name), and we both felt it was really tasty and a perfect portion size. I'd recommend this to anybody wanting Korean food. As we left, others came in, and about half were Korean, so I suppose that's good to see. Dinner looks a bit expensive, but seems like it'd be fun to go with a date (though you might leave smelling like meat if you choose to grill your own food at the table, which I completely recommend).
1	The first time I went there, it was okay. I had ordered a soup bowl.  The food was so-so. But I had liked that they served a "dessert" like thing at the end, included in the meal along w/ a slice of fruit. 2nd time I went there was because my sister wanted to try Korean food. It's the only Korean restaurant around so we went back there. The waiter was especially helpful and it went great. My sister ordered a bowl that the waiter warned, "was sweet." It wasn't sweet at all, and we liked it. It was going to be a favorite of ours. The last time we'd ever go: It was just a normal visit, my sister was sick and wanted some Korean Soup. It was all normal, we ordered, ate, paid the bill before finishing because we were slow eaters. And then what I had thought was "fresh grounded black pepper" was actually a roach. We reported it and the waitress and manager was extremely rude about it! I pointed to the bug, the waitress leaned over and starred, then took the bowl away without saying anything! Not even an apology! Not even a refund or anything. And the owner and the waitress was just whispering about it. We waited around to see if they would approach us, but they never came and we left. Never again.If you guys research the place, you guys would learn that this place has a very low sanitary score. They were actually in trouble with the food inspector because they didn't know how to take care of their prepped food, leaving it out, and all the tools were filthy.The empty parking lot should give you a sign. Every visit, we were either the only family in there or the 2-3 family in there. It is sad and I would have loved to support them but there's really nothing to support.
5	So we were wondering about the Korean options in Charlotte - or lack thereof - and finally Yelp-searched the situation.  The only real contender according to our search was Cho Won.  So we checked it out one recent Saturday for lunch.Disclaimer: we went after "slaying" a workout session at the gym, and since exercise = hunger, and hunger = the best sauce, it could be that our ravenous appetites would have made any meal seem like a sumptuous feast.Anyway, we got our menus and realized that this place is pretty expensive.  A lot of the entrees and BBQ options were up in the $20-30 range.  Even a lot of the appetizers were over $10.  We were all "WTF?"  Then we took chill pills and decided to order the cheapest thing on the menu, bibimbap.  Actually, that's what I wanted in the first place.  The bibimbap was $10, or $13 for the hot stone bowl version that makes the rice all crispy.  We both got the former.  At $10, it was a little high compared to Korean joints in Chicago or NYC, but only by a couple bucks.But we got our money's worth.  The bibimbap was as good as any I've had, but we also got the full-on Korean BBQ side dish treatment: seven or eight sides plus a bowl of soup came with the bibimbap, and the waiter asked repeatedly if we wanted more (refills on the sides were free).Everything was super fresh, super tasty, spiced well, just awesome.They've got some good lunch specials if you can make it out there on a weekday.Can't wait to go back on a special occasion and splurge on the non-bibimbap options.
3	Had the lunch buffet...instant gratification. Nice selection, including bulgogi, mandu, miso, and kimchi; but my favorite was the japchae.  There was an unusual salad at the end with potatoes and apples in it...7.99, by the way. Worth a try. Service was meh. Didn't get my beverage until I reminded them 10 minutes later. They did come by and check periodically. Cool chairs. CNN was on the telly. Barley tea was excellent. I'd like to return and try the barbecue and/or bibimbap some time. side note:  what is it with buffets and fat rude white people? Oy.
1	I dined here during my first trip to Charlotte and was excited to find a Korean restaurant with such great reviews. However, I was sadly disappointed after just a few bites. First off, many of the vegetable side dishes were lacking in flavor. I personally think that many of them tasted like the fridge. . . Second, none of the four dishes (soon tofu, bibimpbap, soy bean paste soup, and galbi ribs)  that our group ordered were any good at all. This is the worst Korean food I have ever eaten for the most money. I will never return to this restaurant and only recommend it to people who are craving Korean food and willing to compromise taste and price.
5	To start off, this place is only for people who really know what korean food tastes like. My mother and my wife are both korean and this food was 10x better than their korean cooking at home. Anyways, i was on a business trip and was utterly disappointed to find that there weren't too many korean restaurants, but this place was very big and spacious with friendly waiter/waitresses to my liking. Their lunch buffet is only $7.99 (which is definitely worth the try!) and they only had freshly made food available for their customers. They are all about satisfying their customers and very nice to people who are unfamiliar with NC. This is definitely better or on par with the korea town restaurant's cooking. I would definitely recommend this restaurant over any other restaurants in NC. Just to let you know how good it was, I went there at least once a day in my three day stay at NC.
5	Love Cho Wan Garden. We have never had bad service here.
4	I went to Cho Won garden at the back of Crown Point shopping center with the Adventurous Palates group. It was a quiet Tuesday night and primarily we were the only people there until we were leaving and a couple smaller parties started coming in. The restaurant has cool woodwork throughout, and a few long more private rooms where they can do tabletop BBQ.  As soon as I entered, the pungent smell of Kim Chee filed my nostrils and took me back to my childhood to my best friend's house. Her Korean parents emigrated and keep the Korean culinary traditions alive. Perhaps she was embarrassed of it and always wanted to come over to our house but I had actually never had Korean BBQ until Cho Won.First they brought out accompaniments such as Kim Chee, steamed egg, bean sprouts, radishes, dried herring, etc. In small bowls for us to sample. Most of them were quite good and were definitely authentic.my friend Chesley B. Doesn't like much except chicken and the only thi he could get on the menu was Chicken Yakitori, which as you know, is actually Japanese. He ordered the large version of the "app" and it was massive! It had enough for 2! It was very good (4/5). I debated whether or not to get the prime rib or the short ribs but I took our friendly waitress' suggestion and ordered the short ribs for $26. Not cheap right? Well they came out and were succulent, sweet, tender, perfectly seasoned and absolutely scrumptious. I'm not a huge red meat eater but I ate every damn morsel on that plate (save the piece I gave to Ches and Brant). (5/5!!!) I also made the group try soju after trying it when I was in Japan.I would definitely go back. I don't know if my hubby will be able to hack the smell, but it is definitely worth it. The rest of my party had cheaper meals that were all good, but mine was definitely the best.
4	I recently moved to Charlotte, and so far have been to Cho Won 3 times. I ate the buffet twice and the BBQ once. I think the food is quite tasty. My side dishes were fresh, and I have never even heard of a Korean buffet before-- I don't even think there are any in Boston. The buffet is cheap and they have all sorts of dishes and soups to choose from. I will definitely come here again!
3	The bbq was good, had pork belly and beef brisket. Appetizer was shrimp tempura, which was absolutely awesome! Breading was fluffy, fried perfect. And the dish had veggies and mushrooms tempura style too!Service was great, responsive and patient. Would definitely eat here again
4	I've been here twice for bbq, and I was pleased. The bonchon is tastey and the service is very attentive and friendly. Is it the best Korean? No. But this is Charlotte. For great Korean in the South, you've got to travel to Atlanta or northern Virginia . . .  or my house :) But Cho Won Garden will do.
4	OH MY GOSH! Ok...this was the first Korean restaurant I have been to but I went with a friend who is very well versed in Korean food. This place is fabulous! My favorite thing has to be the Kim Chee pancake but everything we had was out of this world good. There were only two of us but we had enough food for probably 5.  The bbq is great, the side dishes, which can vary according to what they have that day, were so tasty. I have been twice now and the flavors are so good. They just fill your mouth...it's a sensory experience. So if you are feeling adventurous I highly recommend!!! Note...if you are Vegan or Vegetarian this place will not be for you as most of the dishes are meat. And the food does tend to be heavy so order conservatively and if you are still hungry you can add more later.
5	We are so happy to find authentic Korean cuisine in Charlotte!  We were on our way to a steak house on Independence when we were driving up on Cho Won and decided to finally give it a try.  We were very happy we did so!  The restaurant is nice and it is the only Korean restaurant in the Charlotte area that will do the barbeque at your table.  Our server, Andrew, (whose family owns and operates the business) was very nice and helpful and informative.  We ordered the Bulgogi bbq and dumplings.  The Bulgogi was delicious and plentiful.  I haven't had authentic Korean in the 3 years since I've been in Charlotte.  We gave a couple places a try, but none compared to Cho Won.  We will definitely be back for more and next time will give the Kalbi (sp?) a go.  They are talking about maybe adding sushi to the menu - they should do it!Thank you Andrew and Cho Won for a really great dining experience!
3	I've passed by this place a ton of times, since my husband and I moved here from Los Angeles. We've been wanting to try the food for some time. After a family emergency changed our Valentines Day plans we had to go somewhere that didn't need a reservation. For one reason or another, the idea of Korean food came up, and so we decided to try "Cho Won Garden". If you've never had Korean food before it can be a bit intimidating. The nice thing about this place is the wait staff doesn't make you feel dumb. They explain all your questions thoroughly, and help guide you to find the right dish. The wait staff gets a thumbs up - and they were terribly understaffed yesterday. So it's a good thing that the staff at Cho Won Garden is so likable and competent. Way to go staff!On the down side, the food is not over the top amazing. It is just good. And that's not a bad thing. BUT, I'm not sure I'll wake up in the middle of the night and say to my husband, "tomorrow night, we NEED to go to Cho Won Garden!" That probably won't happen.Both my husband and I got the "Beef Bi Bim Bap" in the hot pot. Now, I've had this dish many times before in LA and Philadelphia. I really like it, and know when it is a "good" Bi Bim Bap and when it is a "great" Bi Bim Bap. I would say it is "good" at Cho Won Garden but not over the top amazing. I love it when it has deep green vegetable and the purple rice at the bottom. And also, I love when the dish has an assortment of sauces to spice it up with. My Bi Bim Bap here was missing the green vegetable, and only one of us was able to get it with the traditional purple/brown rice that it should come with. They ran out right before we got there - even though it was only 6 PM. (BTW: if you wondering what the green vegetable is that I'm referring to in a "Bi Bim Bap" platter, just put that word into google and take a look at the images that come up. You'll see almost all of them have that healthy veggie hanging out in the hot bowl. Anyway, I would say this place is "A-OK" in the big grand scheme of things. I wanted it to be over the top amazing so we could have an new staple restaurant to visit - the fact was it's just NOT "over-the-top-amazing". I think we will be back and next time we'll just try something else. Maybe then, I will be able to give a better review. Hope this helps!
4	GO! just GO and don't be intimidated b/c you don't know anything about korean food. It's not a like all the crap you are used to on a chinese buffet and you have control over the grill and your food.
5	We throughly enjoyed our meal and definitely plan on returning.
2	The good: The food is actually very good. The bad: The service isn't the most helpful if you are not already familiar with the cuisine. There was virtually nobody there and yet it took almost 5 minutes to get seated (nobody was around.) It took almost 10 minutes just to get a drink we ordered when we sat down. It's expensive. Very expensive. You are going to need to use that 10% off from Yelp because everything costs an average of $17-30 per item. It is almost cheeper to eat at some place like Blue or the Melting Pot. I want to reccomend this place, but when you combine the poor service with extravagent prices I simply cannot.
5	Winner!  Best fried Dumplings!  Best Dumplings Overall!  These Dumplings were better than all the others I have eating so far ANYWHERE!  5 yelp stars for the Dumplings!When Dinning in an Asian Restaurant, it is a HUGE compliment to me when they assume I have chopstick skills and when they never ask it I would like different utensils!  At Cho Won Garden they never even hinted at the notion of suggesting a fork!Two guys waited on me and did really well, both spoke perfect English with no accent and made suggestions for my first dine and my next dine!Best Flavor for "all the extras"!  To date I have only eaten in 4 Korean Restaurants - In every place they describe the Kimchi and all the other small dishes as "all the extras" Cho Won Garden does "all the Extras" Excellent!  Tempura was Very Good!  As good as I have eaten! 5 yelp stars! Salad was good with a Ginger type Dressing, even though it had something like milk or mayo with it (I hate mayo)!Miso Soup is.... well since I'm not a Miso fan I will not rate it!The BBQ Beef Ribs were very good though not quite as flavorful as I'm used to at other Korean Restaurants!It is easy for me to see me "Falling in Love" here!  I'm the only white person here so that is nice!  This place makes my "Lookalota" list with ease!
1	So so so disappointed...I think I cook Korean food better than this place... and I can't cook to save my life. 1. The tang soo yuk - wow.. the meat was overfried in overused old oil and it was barely edible. My brothers and I ate it just for the sake of eating because we were super hungry. The batter was so doughy and got stuck in our teeth and stuff.2. I got the soondoobu - too much MSG. It was so oily. ( .) The tofu was all broken up so it was hardly tofu. It was basically soup, zucchini pieces, and kimchi pieces.3. My dad and brother got the kalbi tang. The flavor was basically pepper and there was hardly any meat. 4. My other brother got the udon. I didn't taste it, but the noodles looked slightly off-colored.. Yeah, so sad the food was disappointing. We stopped by on our drive down to South Carolina and yeah, it was just no good.
2	I had never had Korean prior to this visit, but am open to all types of delicious food so my 2-stars is not due to being a picky eater. I went with a group of people from work, including someone from Korea who says this is the best he can find in Charlotte (and that, while authentic, it doesn't compare to NYC's options). This place is off Independence, tucked away behind a bigger shopping mall. The inside is open and clean and I was reassured to see a good sanitation rating (99.0). My Korean friend ordered us a ton of different things, so I don't know what they were called, but...let's see. My favorites: the Korean BBQ, the pork BBQ, the sweet potatoes covered in honey, the bean curd soup, and the kimchi pancake. I will admit that a lot of the food was quite salty (and other Yelpers have complained about this, too). Do NOT go here if you're a vegetarian.
4	I enjoyed coming here an the food was really good however there were a few drawbacks. I would really like to give them 3.5 stars but I'll round up.  We did have a rather large group (19 people) so they were hard pressed to keep up with us. We were a little disappointed that we couldn't all sit together but it worked out in the end. So anyways the food was good, although I've had a Korean friend (who unfortunately moved back to South Korea) host Korean BBQ parties and his food was by far twice as good as Chow Won. That aside I really enjoyed it a lot! The best thing is the sides/apps are unlimited an the hot tea is complimentary.  The biggest drawback to me was that if we wanted to cook it ourselves we could only do it if we ordered two of the same dish. So our table of 7 wanted to order 4 dishes but we couldn't order 4 different dishes. We got a pork dish and a beef dish;  I really hate I can't remember what they are but it was in the 22-26 range on the menu. The beef was really good and while the pork was okay it wasn't something I'd choose again. I will definitely be back to try different dishes. They probably do deserve 4 stars and next time I'll have to order what I really want instead of doing a group order lol. I'll update after going again!
3	We decided to have Korean, got a great deal from groupon. We ordered the seafood noodle soup it was spicy . It had mussels, octopus,  shrimp and  some vegetables It was good it came with all these side apps. like kimchi.  A bit hot for me I made sure I had plenty of water to drink.    This soup can be for served for 2 persons.  It was not on the menu, luckily the customer next to us had that.  And recommend to us. There was so much more I want to try. We enjoyed everything  !
5	Not only was the food amazing, the staff was very helpful. Not only will I be returning, I bought a Groupon and cannot wait to go back. 100% recommend this place.
4	I cannot say enough good things about this place!  The service is great.  Everyone was gracious and helpful when inquiring about the different dishes they have to offer. The food was very good and I even had one or two things I have never had before.  I do find that it is a bit toned down form the Korean food I have had in Atlanta.  Not quite as flavorful. Overall, its very tasty and  I will be going back soon
2	went there with a group of 6 on a sat night. Ordered a bunch of food, most of it was good, seafood dishes were weak, little to no seafood,  lots of sauce and bean sprouts. Service was bad. Seems like a bunch of young kids are running the place and really dont give a damn.
2	HORRIBLE service. Food was OK, depends on what you ordered. Little to no seafood in Monkfish platter, all sauce and bean sprout. I called to make reservations for a party of 6, they told me they could not seat us until 830 or 9pm. got there at 820 less than half the restaurant was full. Hostess made us sit up front for 15 more minutes, then sat us in a freezing cold room, waited another 10 for a server.  At 10 pm they wanted us to pay and leave. Nothing but a bunch of 18 year old kids working and running the place. One person in our party had a groupon and was told she could not use it for the entree she ordered.
2	As much as I'd like to show my support for Korean business owners in Charlotte, I can't stand behind Cho Won Garden.  I may have been spoiled by living near Koreatown in Los Angeles--where the food is better than the motherland!--and enjoying my mom's cooking as well.  Best Korean food in Charlotte might be at my place--surely my adequate cooking will show you that Korean cuisine is amazing, if the Garden's the only place you've been.Nehngmyung--Too sweet, not enough vinegar.  You can add your own vinegar and gyoza, but still lackluster.  Noodles aren't prepared fresh.  Don't have the good 'al dente' texture, rather, it's mushy.  Had sparse accoutrements, could use more stuff like pears, some cut of meat, eggs, cucumber, radish, etc.  Soondubu--Way too oily and doesn't have the right kick.  Again, maybe spoiled by BCDs in general, but the soup is too bland and chockful of random veggie scraps without shape, taste, or color.  A shame, was really looking forward to good soon-tofu.  Jumuhluhk--The flavored steak was okay, not great.  It should be hearty pieces, instead they served literal scraps cut away from good meat they used for other plates.  Really disappointing.Chaduhlbehgee--Cut too thick, should be extremely thin.I've heard that the kalbi is good here... but I'll just have to take everyone else's word for it.  Nothing I had inspired me to return despite my constant craving for good Korean food.  On balance, the service and manager were friendly and take great care to create a good ambiance.  It'd be great if more Korean restaurants opened up to stir up some competition.  I think they could definitely up their game if faced with that situation.  IMO, they can get away with the quality of dishes and exorbitant prices (no price point comparison available in Charlotte) because there's no one else competing with them.  dmo out
1	I decided against my better judgement to do a GPS Roulette with this place. I did a search and looked up restaurants in my general vicinity because my stomach was getting angry and planning to rub some blisters on my back bone from lack of food. I know Yelp is frowning at me right now, and I swear I usually do the Yelp Roulette instead as my preferred treasure finder. Well, Yelp, I was paid back..pretty badly at that. I will never stray again, I promise it was just a fling and boy am I ever sorry for it. I should have known by the 2 other cars that were in the parking lot during a normal busy time of day... I should have known by the decor when we entered, and I usually never judge a place based on that alone... I love me a good dive, but the prices were NOT divey. We sat down and our server was so so. My honey told him specifically I can't eat vegetables, so for my meal if there are any, please tell them I don't want them. The server said ok, and when the first round of food came out I was impressed. They give you about 6 little appetizers to try, and they were pretty neat. Some of them tasted pretty good and some not so good, but I just figured that was my palatte. Well my honey's food comes out, and you guessed it, it's PILED with vegetables. Our server wasn't the one to bring it out, but he did come and check on us. We told him about the vegetables and he was very nonchalont, and pretty much dismissed us for the most part. He disappeared, and never came back to check on us. My food was very bland, and just not appealing in general, and I'm not very picky. I was upset that he never came back, and that he got our order wrong in the first place, but the lack of service is what did it for me. I am a stickler for service, and for the prices they charge, this is unacceptable. I don't give one star reviews often either, but this place earned it. We had to ring a bell next to our table when we were ready to go, that was like a door bell for our check to be brought out. We ring it.... and wait... and wait some more, and some more... and I'm starting to get angry by this point. I ring it again a few minutes later and finally he comes back over. He can tell we are angry, but doesn't ask how everything was, sees our full plates of uneaten food still sitting in front of us, and doesn't even offer to get us anything else, a discount etc. We paid, and I will honestly say I will NEVER walk back through the doors of that place. The lack luster food was bad enough, but pair it with non existent service... OH NO. I'll take my money and good mood elsewhere.
3	It's been a while since I tried Cho Won Garden; the other Korean options in the area had more appeal. But when an offer for a Groupon appeared I couldn't resist. Still decent but some items have become a touch lackluster. 2.75 but I will round up. I generally don't order appetizers at Korean restaurants because the banchan usually takes care of that aspect. Our $30 Groupon required us to order something additional to use all the funds so we tried a chicken dish. Can't remember exactly what it was called but it was the only appetizer that didn't contain gluten and was probably the best tasting dish we had all night.Banchan was adequate but not spectacular. In addition to various kimchi there was an egg custard that was nice. Potato salad was also included which may not seem Korean but if you go to the places in LA it's served frequently. It's all about the different flavors and contrasts. The best by far and worth one point was perfectly crisp broccoli with a hint of sesame flavored dressing.Main dishes were where things began to falter. My short rib soup was just ok, a touch bland. There was a plentiful amount of meat; I've been to places that had tasty soup with very little meat. Anyhow it was greatly improved by adding kimchi juice. My husbands Kimchi jjigae had the unmistakable taste of ketchup. I googled Kimchi JJigae and ketchup and found no hits. Perhaps they are trying out for the Korean version of Sandra Lee Semi Homemade cooking show; please just stop now before you bring shame to your family.The restaurant itself is spacious and tastefully decorated. The service we received was excellent. The place is set up for Korean barbeque to be cooked at your table and that may be your best option if you're new to Korean food. After eating charcoal cooked BBQ at Soot Bull Jeep in LA I know I would be disappointed, but your mileage may vary.
4	Excellant service and very good food.  First time at a Korean BBQ.  The server recommended a few items my children might like and they did.
3	This was my first time at a restaurant for Korean BBQ. But my boyfriend talked it up so much that this place just didn't live up to it. For me it was a great experience but for people who love Korean beef I think this place will be a miss for them. I did love trying all the small plates that you can make lettuce wraps with. The flavors of the food were really good. We ordered the fried dumplings which were great. They came with soy sauce for dipping which I wish they put more consideration into and seasoned some how to make an actual sauce.The bulgogi had good flavor but was not tender at all. My boyfriend had described the bulgogi he had at other places as the most tender steak he's had.  For the price of this bulgogi, I would expect them to use higher quality meal. If it had only been $10 - $12 it would have been more in line with what I expected. The service was also not the best. It was pretty busy for what seemed like only two wait staff. We ordered a drink each and never received them but they did show up on the bill which we had to have them take off.  (They kindly did and apologized.)
4	I always enjoy Korean BBQ and have been wanting to nail down a place in the Charlotte area that has delicious Korean meat - Cho Won is the best option by far.  The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is inviting and comfortable.  Excellent staff who ensure you have everything you need at all times.  Food is decent (I've had better Korean BBQ), but I won't complain too much since this is one of the few Korean BBQ places in Charlotte.I love their "pajeon" (Korean pancake-like appetizer) and short ribs.  Price is by no means "cheap," but it's not too expensive either. But, it's a great place to stop by and have some Korean food.  Highly recommend that you come with a group to experience the whole barbecuing aspect (at a minimum 3-4 folks).  Definitely will come back and visit from time-to-time.
2	Quick disclosure... I grew up in a Korean house, eating my Mom's amazing cooking. Also, I lived in Denver for quite some time. Which has an abnormally high Korean population with awesome Korean restaurants. So, I realize that my bar for Korean food is set really high. I'm super disappointed that I couldn't give Cho Won Garden more stars. I really wanted it to be awesome. Korean food is awesome when it is executed well. The flavors are diverse, intense, and exciting. Korean BBQ is a fun and unique experience. Cho Won couldn't deliver on any of those counts. Bland kimchee & dwaeji bulgogi... Really!! Bland is the last word that should describe kimchee & dwaeji bulgogi (spicy pork)! The broth of the mandoo duk soup was straight up msg flavor. Not the complex beefy broth that it should be. Service was fine. Like many Korean restaurants, they had the doorbell to call a server over when you needed them. Which means they won't come and check on your regularly. Don't be afraid to use it!Bland. Boring. Far from authentic... Please don't let Cho Won be how you judge Korean food. I won't be back.
5	Ive started eating Korean food in college in South Carolina and have always enjoyed it but I didnt know just how good it could get until visiting Cho Won Garden. My favorite dish there is the dolsot be bim bap. Be sure to order the dolsot be bim bap instead of just the regular be bim bap. The difference is that the dolsot is served in a piping hot stone bowl. This makes the rice really crispy at the bottom and somehow, that small detail makes a huge difference. The spicy bean paste thats served on the side is amazing-I usually finish the whole serving/ The Korean barbeque is also very impressive. I tend to be picky about meat because so often, its dry and tasteless. The bul go gi is incredibly tender and seems to fall apart as soon as it hits your mouth. The spicy pork is very good too and I cant wait to try the other barbecue options as well as the stews.
1	I've been wanting to try Korean BBQ since the move from California, so we found this place on here.Let me just get to the point; the meat is very pricey ($15-$25) for the amount. In order for it to be grilled on the gas grill, you have to order 2 set of meat and we did that. I was so disappointed when they guy started grilling it for us and not a self-grill kind of thing. He also had to ask me to move so he could be in the center to grill the meat. He grilled about 5 minutes, turned off the gas heat and left. So we basically just ate it off the grill.I was disappointed in everything. We ate as fast as we could and left. All drinks is NOT free-refill. It cost me $2.25 for a can of coke. With that, our bill came back to $60 and was definitely not worth the money. Never will we come back ever again!Back in California, we paid $20 each person for ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT Korean BBQ grilling and we got to grill it ourselves. Husband and I would rather fly back there to eat Korean BBQ than coming back to Cho Wan Garden, it's the truth and hopefully it happens soon because we want some good Korean BBQ.P.S. You could almost not taste the marinated sauce on the meat. Not something I was happy about cause we ordered two different meat and they both tasted the same. To be honest, if I could give them a no-star rate, I would.
3	Having lived in Korea, and being married to a Korean, I have gained an appreciation for good Korean food. This is not it. It's okay, and there aren't many options around for Korean cuisine, but I've definitely had better. Still, this is where we go when my wife needs her fix.
5	Always enjoy the bi bim bop!
2	Sorry again.  My folks came into town from LA, and I thought I'd take them here to see what Korean restaurant (singular) is like here in Charlotte.  Probably the last time I come here.  It's like you know a random Netflix movie is going to be bad but you sit there and watch it anways.  Vow to never do it again.  This time it's real!Given that I came here already somewhat negative on the place, it didn't get better.  My pops and I asked for Hite Beer, but the server assistant/servant said that they couldn't get it because it was too far back and difficult to get.  I was thrown aback, but whatever, we just wanted beer and had to settle with Kirin.  Contrast this with another restaurant later that day where my dad asked for A1 sauce, and the server ran across the way to Taco Mac to get A1.  I'm not asking Cho Won Garden to go to extremes, but maybe, ya know, look for Hite, move a couple boxes around, and serve your products.  There's a running joke in the fam that when my pops was so poor growing up when they had a beef stew, you would just continually water it down, and leave the chunks of meat.  Wow, terribly told running joke.  It's an inside joke.  Point being, their Suh-lung Tahng soup was bland.  I thought it was cloudy water with some chunks of meat floating around.  Soup did not have flavor despite how much salt I added--and I hate adding salt to my food.Still overpriced (perhaps unfair to compare with Los Angeles cost-of-living, oh wait, that doesn't make sense).  Hmm. dmo out.
2	It was interesting getting to know the concept of this place, but I doubt I will go back.The food was OK - but a little expensive. I wasn't crazy about the grilling at the table. Didn't add anything to the experience. And frankly, I was still hungry after we ate - went to a local ice cream place for dessert. The atmosphere is nothing to brag about, either.If you are interested (like I was) give it a try. Your experience might be better.
5	Love this place. Whenever in Charlotte NC we stop in. Worth the 3 hour drive from Wilmington NC. There is no Korean food there.
4	Hubby and I took my brother here for dinner last night.  It's been a while since he had Korean (Chicago Kalbi a few years ago).  Korean is one of Hubby's favorite foods.  It's always the food I crave when I want to detox from a week of holiday indulgence or when I'm getting over a cold.We were only 1 of 2 parties eating dinner there around 7pm the day after Christmas. We left our jackets in the car anticipating the lingering BBQ smell.  However, the restaurant was very cold, probably because no one was using the do-it-yourself BBQ stations.  The banchan was standard fare, about eight little side dishes.  I really liked the purple coleslaw and the fried veggie with cream sauce.  The galbi tang is my go-to favorite Korean dish.  The broth was very flavorful, but could have used more meat.  We split the bulgogi lettuce wraps.  The meat was delicious.  Hubby and brother split the spicy seafood tofu soup.  Hubby was impressed with the flavor.  We also split the bibimbap.  The best part of the bibimbap is the crunchy rice at the bottom of the pot (my favorite!).  The meal goes well with tea served in the kettle with the broken top knob.  Overall the food was good, but pricey relative to other Korean places we've been to in other cities.Our two servers were friendly and accommodating.  Each table also has a call button when you need something, which probably comes in handy when the place is busy and the overhead hoods are turned on during the BBQ process tableside.
4	A little cold in here. They used to have $9.99 lunch buffet all you can eat was a good deal and good food.  I love the stir fried squid dish and Kalbi dish and of course all the kimchi.  Staff is better than last time I was here.
1	Don't let the 3.5 stars fool you. This place doesn't even deserve 1 star. If I could-like most recent reviewers- I would've given this place 0 stars. Today, I went here with my family under the impression that they would have decent food- no high expectations or anything. But I was terribly wrong. The food wasn't decent, good, or even edible. We were the only people there so we should've turned around and left but unfortunately we didn't. Hence, we had the unsavory "pleasure" of tasting: 1) rancid kimchi- sign #2 that this place is bad. I understand that kimchi has a peculiar smell but I know for sure that it wasn't supposed to taste like... THAT! As a korean, I am offended that the kitchen staff had the audacity to send that out. I can only imagine how grotesque the kimchi jigae must be... 2) Galbi tang- don't order this. Just don't. Soup had absolutely no flavor and the beef was so tough that I couldn't even bite through it. I added a spicy sauce in hopes of salvaging it but my rescue mission failed. This is the first time got sauce couldn't save my taste buds. There were other dishes my family ordered and didn't enjoy but I forgot the dishes' names. They pretended they liked it out of pity. Apparently the owner of the place is a friend of my grandmother...  Anyways, the dishes here will assault your taste buds. Save your senses and money. Over priced, disgusting food that isn't even refundable. I still can't get over the fact that they don't do refunds despite their poor culinary execution. (Only wanted the Galbi tang taken off our bill because that was the worst of all the other dishes we ordered)
4	We had a double date here with our besties last week and my husband has never had Korean food and I've been dieing for it since I've moved from ny.   I have to say ....yes is is very good....my husband loved it....no its not the best comparing to places I've been to in ny....but for north Carolina and the fact that there were other Asians there eating....you know it has a seal of approval. They have their type of sake it's cold and smooth and high in alcohol content. We call it the kettle of goodnessThe green onion pancake was freaking outstanding. We had the Galbi beef and it was out standing.   I was not crazy at the portable stovetop.  It fell a few times, plus the boss lady was all up in our server's business all sorts of messing with stuff she had no clue about.   It is nice that they presented us with 2 other things the chef wanted us to try for free.  As well as a fruit sculpture at the end of the meal..   tab came to $200.   I think it was worth it.   I can't wait to go back.
4	I was introduced to Korean food by a friend years ago in DC.  When I moved to Matthews, I was surprised to see this place.  Then, I was surprised how good it is.  I come here often.  Wide menu variety that includes some great introductions to Korean flavors.
1	Took my family here for lunch and it was a mistake. I love Korean food but this place just sucks. I will never go here again. I ordered a kimchi soup that claimed to have "pork and veggies" in the description and EVEN the lady told me its pork and vegetables but came out in a little bowl with kimchi, tofu, and rice. I talked to the lady about it and she said they only use the pork for the broth. REALLY? So it shouldve said "with pork broth" and she should've told me that at first! That was a TOTAL WASTE of $12. I couldve spent $12 for 3 ice cream at Carolina Creamery and be so much more happier.The second issue was they forgot one of our ordered and we had to tell the guy instead of the lady. She was bad service already. He later comes and tell us that the order was wrong, which is obviously a lie, and said it'll take 3min. The food finally came out after we finished our meal! So much for 3mins so we just packed it.Then they had the audacity to charge us with 17% tips!!!!!!!!!!!! I was most pissed bout this. Since when did Chowon started charging tips? They knew they messed up and we wouldn't tip them so they went ahead and charged us. How low can they be?!!! With that kind of behavior, they'll go out of business soon.
2	My friends and I came for lunch on a Saturday. The food was good but very overpriced. Our group of 5 adults and 5 children who ordered one entree each and had only water spent over $300. WOW! The best thing we ordered was the dol-sat bibim bap and the O-Jinguh bokum (spicy squid stirfry with vegetables).They won't allow customers to use the grills unless two or more people order bbq entrees which I thought was odd. Waiters were very helpful with recommendations.
2	I want to support Korean business owners in Charlotte. I fucking want to. But I just can't recommend this place.A pretty expensive meal without alcohol. $50. We wanted to do tableside BBQ and had to order two meats to do it. Which is pure radical authoritarian nationalism, man. We chose pork belly and kalbi, the most affordable options (I would have chosen those either way, because it's bomb)- anyway, they gave us two kalbi short ribs which I found to be fucking shitty. At least give us four. Most of the kalbi rib is bone, anyway. Theirs was tong kalbi. They should do a flanken cut instead to give the appearance of more food if they don't want to actually give more...food. Also, I think tong kalbi just confuses white people. (They don't know what to do with their hands.) And those scissors. Really, it stresses some people out. The ban chan is not bad. I liked the soup they gave us as well. You could tell our waiter knew it was overpriced as well, he felt guilty so he ended up bringing us two shots of sochu. Without us complaining. I mean, we mentioned it was steep for two people...but we didn't go into full white people complaining mode.This place isn't bad, though. But, two stars means "Meh. I've experienced better." Which I have.I'll give this place another shot when I'm chasing the Korean dragon HARD, and need my direct injection of gochujang. CHARLOTTE, WHERE IS YOUR KOREAN BBQ FOR THE LOVE OF COD?!
4	Great food & the servers were not only friendly but really helpful! It was my first time eating Korean food and they explained the food to me in great detail. They also made great suggestions. Will be back again soon!
3	This is my first time back in at least 2 years maybe a year and a half. Previous visits were disappointing. This visit shows they improved but still have a little ways to go. Food for cost is still high. Taste is better and there service was good.
3	I took some of my friends. I'd give it four stars for its marinated Galbi and Bulgogi but it was too hot and they had the fan on instead of the A/C. I'm writing this now, but we went two weeks ago so it hasn't cooled off yet. And it wasn't the best first impression with boxes stacked up where customers can see them; considering that most of my friends went/tried Korean food for the first time.Service was good though. I still think it's a bit over priced for the overall experience. I'd go again just because it's the only Korean place big enough to go as a group but if I had options...
5	Love this place. great food and great service. my only problem is the price :) if you go all out it winds up being 100 bucks for two people. but what can I say you have to pay to play
