4	I was pleasantly surprised to find a wide selection of drinks at a good price here.  The strawberry banana was great but the milk tea was just not my cup of tea.  The service is fast and friendly, I got my drink in probably less than two minutes of ordering and the portions are good for the price.  It's interesting the location of this place considering it's so far from Chinatown and in an area you wouldn't think of people liking boba.  I was even more astounded when about a group of 10 teens all crowded the place as I was leaving.I would say 5 stars for anyone in Vegas, but it falls short compared to some places in San Francisco, so 4 stars to me.
5	Nice and friendly staff.  Their fruit slush is especially good.  It's sweet but not too sweet and the ice they put in there is like fine snow!  We are all fans of the Lychee, Watermelon and Cantaloupe!
4	Green tea slush with Boba is my fav!  The boba is not too soft, just perfect.  Why am I so entertained by having something chewy in my drink ... not sure, but I am.   Easy Life is clean, friendly and pretty straight to the point!  Just like me, I suppose :-)
4	This place is very easy on the eyes. The decor is done in soft shades of blue and silver and looks very modern. I don't get to go all that often since I don't reside in LV, but whenever I'm in town I do make it a point to drop in. My mom really likes the Coffee Milk Tea and gets it once or twice a week on her day(s) off. She  first took my sisters and me to this place on one of our trips to LV and one of my sisters became instantly obsessed. She thinks that the Jasmine Milk Tea here is by far the best she's ever had. That's coming from someone who lives in the San Gabriel Valley and who has exposure to such drinks on almost a daily basis. I've tried a couple of drinks from here. The Honey Iced Tea and Green Tea with Aloe. I can say they are pretty good. They also have snacks to munch on. We've ordered the hot wings, popcorn chicken, and squid balls. My other sister thought the hot wings were really tasty. Their prices aren't cheap and each drink is onwards of $3 (I really can't remember the exact pricing.) They also give you the option of getting it in medium or large. I usually get medium because of the calorie content and to save money, but really just get a large! While waiting for your drink, you can peruse teen magazines such as Seventeen and Teen Vogue (both were staples of mine back in the day) along with the most recent Avon and Avon Mark catalogs. The workers are mainly females in their teens to early twenties. Unlike other boba places they speak English fluently so there definitely won't be any type of language barrier. This is just my opinion but the reason this place is good can probably be attributed to the chain having originated in Taiwan. After all, boba is most definitely a Taiwanese invention.
4	This place reminds me of the place back in SoCal. Since I take my boba to go, I can't really comment on the service since the times I went they're never busy. But the people working there are friendly and seem like they would be attentive to you if you ate there.They're prices are probably the lowest in town without sacrificing in quality. Some drinks start at $2.50 without boba for medium.In the taste department, everything just taste great. The red bean slush just had the right consistency and sweetness on the red bean and the coconut slush just reminded me of the places back home. Easy Life Boba is one of my favorites with its relatively low price, friendly staff, and great boba drinks. But, Tea Station is still my boba place of choice if I can put up with the higher price and mediocre service.
5	OMG... I totally love this place! I am happy now that I do not have to go all the way to Chinatown for boba, but sad that they don't have more than one location.I order mostly from their milk tea menu, but sometimes get the slushies with milk too---it is not on the menu, but you can definitely order it. The fishballs are soooo good. I ordered them not spicy, but they still have somewhat of a tang to them.The staff is friendly and their service is speedy, but it depends on how many people are there. I have never found this place empty!You gotta go here!Note: Don't forget to get a stamp card! 10 stamps and you a get free boba! :)
5	This boba place make my Jasmine Milk Tea like no other. I live 15 minute away from Easy Life Boba Tea, but if I get the craving, then I will do what it takes to get to this heavenly place. It's just that.... UBERSUPERWONDERFULLYDELICIOUS! So worth my hard earn cash (and gas).... so worth it. PERIOD!PS. This is one of the rare boba shop that accept debit cards. Woaaah.
4	Pretty good classic black milk tea with bubbles.. for cheap! Not quite as tasty as Volcano's stuff (this one is a little bit sweeter and milkier, and less tea-like), but it's definitely cheaper. So I'd definitely hit it up if I was in the area (getting pho at Bamboo Bistro or something).
5	I've been to Easy Life a good amount of times, due to the fact that I work SUPER close to it, and I have never been disappointed by it.I'm working my way through their menu, today I had a banana smoothie that was very good, not sure if I'd order it again though, I believe it was made with whipped cream in it, which left a weird texture in my mouth...All the teas I've had so far have been really good. AAND you can get different types of toppings instead of just boba....like pudding balls or coconut jelly... And one of these days I'm going to try the Aloe Vera. They also have lobster and squid balls which are really interesting and worth a try!
4	I have only been here once but enjoyed my visit in all. I have been to a lot of Boba places, and this is one I'd add to my favorites list. I ordered the Slushy Taro Boba and it was great! I couldn't tell if it was made with real taro or powdered, but it was delicious. What was a great bonus for me is my tapioca pearls were still warm. Yummy :) I visited the store during the night hours, so it wasn't that busy, the parking lot is big enough, so there were no problems there. One of the problems I have with most Boba drink places here in Vegas is they only accept cash, but this store does accept cards. The service there was amazing, the two young ladies working there made you feel welcome upon entering the store. I will be back!!!
3	I realize I'm an oddball in that I like boba tea places but I don't like tea. Yup you can stop reading this review now if you feel like this makes me unqualified to write reviews of boba tea shops . For those still with me... I like the fruity drinks. Some might say I should go to a smoothie shop, but then there wouldn't be boba in the drink damnit! Consider this stop 2 in my Las Vegas west side fruity drink boba throw down ! So far No 1 is still MY number 1 as their options for fruity drinks were infinitely better. Mango, pineapple-coconut, papaya, and durian are all things you will find at No1 boba that you will not find here. I decided on the peach "real fruit" smoothie today. It did not taste like real peach and it was $5.25 with boba ($4 for my coconut pineapple in the same size with boba at No1 boba). As for the bobas themselves... I didn't really notice a quality difference between No1 and Easy. I took the same dining companion with me both times so she could offer additional opinions... she didn't have a preference on the bobas themselves either. She tried the milk tea at Easy. It was a little too milky and a little sweeter than she would have liked, but overall a decent drink. I guess it comes down to how to you like your boba tea?! Are you a smoothie girl with a boba ball addiction or do you like green tea? If you're in the former group avoid this place.
4	YAY! I love boba! I've been waiting for boba tea this whole week and we decided to stop at this place due to the awesome reviews from yelpers. I decided to get the Lychee Green Tea with Boba and the bf got the Coconut Milk Tea with Boba. I can honestly say that I was satisfied with my drink and the bf decided that he liked mine more. My tea wasn't overly sweet and the boba was good. Overall, I definitely will return for more boba possibly this week!
4	I still LOVE this place. This time they had the lychee jelly and I am in love with it! I've never had lychee jelly before and it compliments the green tea perfectly. I think with the hot weather coming, I will be stopping by frequently....which is good that they have a frequent boba tea card. Also, they have a website that you can sign up for promotions. This came in handy this Memorial Day weekend since it was double stamps weekend.
5	Lovely lady in green, you have graced the sides of so many cups of coffee and tea -- I have been unfaithful.  I was lead astray by those Yelpers I've been hangin' with online, and, sweetheart, let me tell you, I'm not going to stop!  Today was just the first!!I tried Boba for the first time today at Easy Life and wow is it good!  I have read the reviews on Yelp for a few weeks now.  Since this isn't too far from home, I was going to stop before, but I'm always going to/from somewhere and never did stop.I got the coconut white tea with boba.  This is absolutely delicious and I'm still enjoying it as I write this review.  I was such a babe in the woods, I didn't realize I needed the large tube straw.The women working the counter were quite helpful and helped lead me as I strayed from my green lady.I will be back.  This is such a great drink for a day like today that has temperatures above 100.Thanks fellow Yelpers!  And, it's all your fault that I was unfaithful!
5	One of my favorite places to get Boba... The location is great because it's in the southwest part of town, open one in the northwest of town and I'll be even more happy! There is a wide variety of different smoothies and teas. You can topping like Boba, lychee, aloe, and more. My favorite is the watermelon slush and green tea slush. Green tea slush with boba and aloe oh man it's so over! They also serve finger foods which are really good but if you order spicy keep in mind they really mean spicy. Lobster balls are my favorite, it is am must try if you never tried it before!
5	We frequent Easy Life Boba anytime we are in the area, and/or really craving a delicious, refreshing drink!!  I always get the same thing, which is a peach slush, they are great for hot summer days and nights here in Vegas!!  I don't recommend hanging out there in the shop, it is very hot in my opinion!!   Maybe this is just due to the sweltering summer heat...who knows, or by design to give extra incentive to get an ice cold drink once inside?  Either way, don't let that persuade you not to try one!!  Definitely a must try for all Boba Lovers out there!!
4	After I visited Mad Pita for the first time today I decided to also tr out Easy Life Boba Tea while I was in the area. I Ordered a Watermelon smoothie, a banana smoothie and a milk tea. All with boba as I love good tapioca. The Watermelon smoothie was pretty great. The Banana smoothie was amazing.The Milk tea was slightly above OK. The tapioca was very good, not great.  At No 1 boba every time I have been there the tapioca is made fresh all day and has always been warm. This tapioca was still on the fresh side but didn't have the perfect consistency for me.  It was slighly tough.  I also find the fresh fruit smoothies(better fresh fruit to ice ratio) and milk tea at No 1 boba in Chinatown to be a notch above Easy Life. Where Easy life dominates is the service. It was friendly, they were cool and that  goes a very long way with me.  The menu and options are  plentiful  which is also a plus. The Tapioca and less than amazing milk tea are the key factors in giving it a solid 4 stars. I will be making a return trip to try out some of the teas and other items. I am a fan Easy Life I think  they can pick  their  tapioca and milk tea game with a little time and expertise, at which point I will be happy to update my review.On a side note, I am so obsessed with the little plastic film lids they seal the tapioca drinks with at all quality boba spots. I see so many amazing uses for the technology. I would seal everything.
4	Well, it's official. I am addicted to boba. Easy Life Boba is the third place in town that I have tried, and easily my favorite thus far. What makes Easy Life so great compared to Lollicup and Boba City Cafe? First and foremost the price! I was able to get a large taro tea with boba for under $4, which is about $1 less then the other places I have tried.  Add in the fact that they have a punch card and this is a great deal! Now, I realize that sometimes a cheaper price means you are sacrificing quality. Not here. This drink was just as good if not better then any other drink I have had with boba. Another reason that Easy Life stands out is the service. The girl that helped me was great. I let her know that I was somewhat new to the world of boba, told her what I normally order (honeydew milk tea with boba), and asked for a recommendation on another flavor to try. I have done this before at other locations, but Easy Life is the first place where I have been offered a sample to taste before I ordered. I was in and out in about 7 minutes. The only thing I would change about Easy Life is the location, and that is just for purely selfish reasons!
5	How i loved my boba!  They make a great almond milk tea and are pretty cheap!  clean facility, ample seating, and even outdoor available seating for low humidity nights.  They have available punch cards...I believe, buy 8, get one free
4	I finally made the trip out here the other day. The place has a dope modern look inside. There are some tables so you can sit and kick back, but I just ordered mine to go since I had to go to class. I ordered a large Almond Milk Tea w/boba. It was good. The milk tea tasted just right. The boba could be cooked a little more though. I will mos def come back to try one of their fresh fruit drinks.
5	Update*Upgrade to 5 stars - cannot find a better boba (or bubble tea, as I used to call it)!!   And to include in my update:  Lobster Balls!  What are these fried balls o'goodness exactly - I don't care.  Went for medium spicy and I like spicy - don't want to try the really spicy as am afraid I wouldn't get any of the lobster taste.  Great combo with the boba if you want a little bite to eat.
5	Mmmmmm!  My boyfriend and I stopped in tonight for "dessert" after dinner.  I got the Thai Tea Slush and he got the Coconut Milk Tea.  I kinda wish I would have gotten the large...I was sad when it was gone :(
5	Really, I would give them 4.5 stars because they're not perfect, but yelp doesn't give me this option. Really, the only reason I would give them 4.5 stars would be because you have to add 50 cents to the price if you want boba in your drink.Overall, this place is amazing and right by my house. I love going there and I frequently crave it. They also give out stamp cards where you buy 10 drinks over time and get one free. I have yet to fill one up completely though because I keep loosing the cards. My favorites include the watermelon slushie and the strawberry banana smoothie. Get a large as well! The price is only 50 cents more for a large in most cases. Your really cheating yourself out if you don't get the actual tapioca balls in your drink, so I definitely suggest adding the boba to your drink.
4	This place always serves up my boba dericously. Seriously this place have good prices and I always get milk tea  but I'm kicking myself right now for getting advocado smoothie. -_- Even though I don't like it they made it pretty good so at least I can't deny the quality and flavor.
5	I used to go to Tea Planet down in China Town to get my milk tea with boba but once I found out about Easy Life I boycotted Tea Planet for good!! The milk tea with boba is my FAVORITE!! it's sweet and hits the spot!! The strawberry slush is awesome as well!! I recommend this place to anyone who likes to relax and drink tea or slush drinks!! :D
5	Out of all the boba (bubble tea) places in Vegas, I'd have to say this is my favorite. Quality drinks that are well-priced. I really like the tapioca in their drinks because they are fresh and not mushy or hardened like many places I have been to. The boba here is relatively cheap compared to places like Tea Station and Volcano Tea, and to be honest, I think Easy Life's drinks taste much better.My favorites:- Jasmine or Almond Milk Tea with Tapioca (if you want something classic)- Coconut Slush with Coffee Jelly (a must!)And on an endnote-- the service is awesome!
5	When I worked at Citibank I'd go here very frequently.  At least once a week frequently, the stuff is that good.  Favorites are typically the specialty slushes, the green tea with aloe or boba is delicious.  Red bean + Taro with red bean chunks is also delicious!  I've had the coconut, the avacado, the raspberry...all so good and the variety is endless with their topping choices.  Favorite toppings are aloe and of course, boba!
4	This is a nice little boba place right off Desert Inn and Durango. The service was quick (as in, the girl made my drink in barely any time) and their prices are cheap (my drink was less than $3). I ordered a small Lychee Slush with Lychee Jelly. It was yummy as I had hoped. No complaints there.They also serve some small food items like Lobster Balls. I didn't try any of their food, but that was an interesting discovery. I may have to try that next time.Not much more I can say. Cheap and sweet refreshment. Works for me.
5	If you like boba drinks this is the perfect place to go... I had the melon ice tea with boba... It was so good... I think I'm addicted -I have plans on moving on that side of town just so I can be closer to them... lol... jk... but the drinks are outta this world
4	I just love the fact that they'll take debit with a small purchase.  Not many boba tea places are willing to do that anymore without spending a minimum of $15 or so.  I was super sick but was wanting boba tea.  When I got here, I was coughing way too much and the cold got worse.  So, I decided to order the Hot Taro Milk Tea.  Mmmm... it definitely helped soothe this little throat of mine.  I've never had Taro Milk Tea hot before and was pleasantly surprised at how great they made it.
4	My friend came to visit from out of town and we were looking for a place to chit chat. She's more into Boba than coffee so I'm really glad that Easy Life Boba is so close to home. I really enjoy the drinks just not the Boba. (I just don't like Boba in general) I had the Honey Tea and we shared shrimp balls. The tea was really yummy and the shrimp balls were spicy! We asked for medium hotness but it was more like an inferno! It didn't taste like shrimp to me ..... it tasted more like fish. The sad thing is that they have no sweet and sour sauce. We settled for some barbecue sauce instead. The sauce was really good but thought it didn't really go with the shrimp balls. You can always just bring your own stash ...I guess.
5	My FAVORITE place to get Boba!  The girls that work there are always pretty friendly ! i go here at least once a week for my Jasmine Milk tea with boba and my husband gets a strawberry smoothie... Just a quick, cheap treat! Keep up the good work!
5	I go to Easy Life almost every day for my Honey Green Tea and have been doing so for almost 4 years now. At $2.44 after taxes, for a large, I consider myself lucky to have one of the "cheaper daily habits" available to us as a country.I know all the sweet girls that work there and they all know me. Most days I show up, they have my drink ready without me having to order it at all. I love this.The owners are incredibly laid back and allow me to be the "operating Avon lady" in their store. And I'm truly grateful for that.Easy Life, you have won my heart. What else can I say? :)
5	We love honey lemon green iced tea with boba, green tea smoothies and milk tea.  It's a shame there's only one location!
5	love the coconut milk tea mmmmm
3	I like to go here since it's so close to my house (and I don't have to drive to Chinatown), but recently they just changed their cups.  Their medium size is still the same, but they changed their large cup and added a "jumbo" cup.  The latter two are the size and shape of a soup container and don't fit in a cup holder (I'll need to take a picture next time I go).Now I have to wait until I get home to enjoy my drink!  I'll still give them three stars since I like the drink, but I'm really tempted to go lower because of the darn cups.
5	Great place to hangout just to sit and drink boba with my girls here. Its not crowded and service is friendly.
5	I've tried 4 other boba places in Vegas and this is the best so far. They are generous with the boba and flavors are consistent. The have a no sugar added green tea which makes it a little less sweet for me, which is how i like it. The girls that work here are always nice.
5	WHERE: Dessert Inn & Durango, in the plaza where Vons is!WHY: This is my new favorite boba spot! I have been convinced!WHAT: After reading a couple reviews of this place, I opened up my google maps, and headed on a mission to get some 5-STAR boba!I am a smoothie & milk tea with boba type of girl!! I have been looking for the perfect boba spot that I would call home, and I am going to have to say EUREKA, I FOUND IT! Haha.The flavors I have tried so far were the mango slush, taro milk tea, and almond milk tea, and I stay satisfied! Not only were the drinks flawless, the boba was the perfect consistency!! Not too hard, nor too soft = just to my liking!If you are extremely thirsty, there is a JUMBO size for additional $0.80! If that were me, it would take me an hour or so just to finish it! It already takes me close to an hour to finish the large sized drink!! The large also seems larger than other boba spots. The prices are really great for what you get back! Don't let your googly eyes fool you!! If the large and or jumbo is too much for you, it's okay because you can save it for later!So I leave you with this- Drive, bike or walk there,Order to your liking,Institute your love for the deliciousness,Thank the makers!!Just DO IT! =D
5	Love this place! My first ever experience with Boba ( I get the strawberry banana slush w Boba, though I've also tried the Milk Tea, Mango slush, and working my way down the list till I got to that Avacado slush - SURPRISINGLY TASTY btw!!! ) and I loved it! Not to mention the staff is extremely friendly, fast and easy to talk to. Reasonably priced, plenty of parking...highly recommended!Seriously go here.  It's bomb.
4	Best boba place!!! Love the drink selection awesome...Taro Milk Tea with boba the bomb
4	It never occurred to me that my life has been missing out on Boba Tea ever since I left the isles in '08...until of recent.  Weird.  I mean, I thought I could do without it.  But slowly and steadily, small signs have been popping up here and there (you know who you are!) reminding of the true satisfaction of sipping on a slushy or a milk tea on ice, with little bubbles of tapioca goodness, on a hot, hot, HOT LAS VEGAS summer day!First off, I had their milk tea with boba, standard order at any boba tea shop.  It was very delicious, like I remembered back home, so, nothing too amazingly out of the ordinary spectacular.  But, it quenched my thirst for the tea as well as the boba yummies!  On another visit, I tried their mango slushy with boba, at the recommendation of their friendly counter server.  I wasn't too sure if I wanted the slushy or the smoothie, but I knew I was craving MANGO!  My critique???  It was THE* best that I've ever had!  Yes!  Soooo GREAT!  Soooo TASTY!  And soooo satisfying, it will quench anyone's summer thirst for some icy, slushy with some chewy boba-goodness to top it all off!They have a small menu of snack food items too, which I have found to be a common thing in these boba places (according to my Taiwanese friend too).  Popcorn chicken?  Shrimp ball?  Cajun wings?  Hmmm...not sure of the connection to tea, but, I think I'll try it one day.  But, to be honest with you, there is really a whole lot more to Boba places than tea and snacks such as these!  I didn't even Knowww...!  (Wow!  Go check out their website!)I'm coming back for more!!!  ('cause I also got me their stamp card too!)!!
5	This place is awesome! It is literally only 5 minutes away from my house. They have a very friendly staff. You can just chill and enjoy some snacks and boba drinks, even as you study. You can also sit outside and enjoy the fresh air if youd like also. They provide free WiFi so thats a great deal too.        They offer so much iced, slush, or even hot drinks on their menu. I like how they use fresh fruits for their drink slushies. My favorite is the boba milk tea. And i LOVE their shrimp balls. Its a great combo to have with any drink. They also have other food snack choices that are great as well.      Their drinks are so refreshing that I have become a regular at this place! I love how they provide stamp cards. If you buy 10 drinks, you get 1 free. Thats a good deal for me since I crave for boba often and its always good to save a little cash :)          This is the only place where I get my boba drinks in Vegas. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone craving for a great refreshment to enjoy! Bring your friends & family to get a taste of what boba drinks should really taste like!
4	The staff: I haven't gone consistently recently.  Always a new face but I'm sure there's a steady staff.  They're quick.  And no uniform? They must be happy campers.The goods: Probably my favorite place to get boba.  Everywhere else got so pricy.  Plus this is just down the street.  It's nice not to have to go all the way to China Town for some boba.  I think my favorite is the vanilla milk tea.  Nom nom nom :)The atmosphere: You know, I think they should expand.  And advertise maybe?  I think they should become a place to loiter; not just purchase your boba then you're on the run again.  They leave out a few magazines, minor initiative to hang around for a bit.  And there's wifi available, but I think they have the potential to be a really thriving company.  Not to say that they aren't already; I just think it could do a lot more considering they've got a good product, good clientele, friendly (and familiar, since every Asian in this town knows each other) staff.  I'd like to see them doing exceptionally well.And now I really want a Thai Tea with boba but I don't think they're open at 7:30 in the morning :P
4	My favorite is the tropical slushy, light on sugar. I ordered a coconut slush recommended by someone on foursquare. Too rich and milky. Yummy though. I put it in freezer and had a little at a time. Always add boba.
4	I've been to several boba tea places around the Las Vegas/Henderson area and this is definitely one of my go-to places - I'm lucky it's by my job, too!I just happened to go in here one day with a boba craving and got it fulfilled.  They have rather large cups and their coconut milk tea is superb.  Boba has been cooked to perfection the times I have been here and it doesn't take them long to make this little piece of drink heaven so I can drink it as slowly as possible - which is not slow at all.  Mmm.  Staff is always super friendly and cheerful.Had their chicken nuggets here one time - nothing to write home about but decent enough considering it's a boba tea shop.  Of course, I come for the boba.  Hee hee.Keep up the good work, guys!  I hope to continue to frequent your awesome place~
5	Here's my update...it's been 6 1/2 weeks since my review of Easy Life Boba Tea, and my only reasons to update my review so soon are as follows:1.)  They removed their stamp card program, like literally, a week after I had reviewed them.  I know why...in my opinion, there must be millions of boba addicts, such as myself now, roaming the streets of Las Vegas.  And with that, they'd lose money giving away so much boba teas in a week's time!  Just kidding, I don't really know why they got rid of it...probably because of just that, though.  We "addicts" would pay for the stuff anyway...doesn't have to be free!2.)  Their little boba tapioca!!!  None can compare!  It's true!  Their boba is cooked to perfection, made just chewy right!  Not overly sweet, not tasteless like some other places...and trust me!  I've tried so many places within this 6 1/2 weeks time because, ever since my first experience at Easy Life, I have been jonesing for boba every.single.day!  So, I basically went anywhere nearby to get me some boba!  Sadly, like I said above, none can compare!As a true, recently converted boba addict (my family and I visit at least 2-3 times a week), I confess, it's been less than 24 hours since my last boba drink at Easy Life Boba Tea...
4	So I can say this place took my Boba Drink virginity. My friend took me here and was suprised I never heard or had a Boba Drink before. He suggested that this place is the best Boba place he's been to. So I walk in really confused not knowing what to get. The cashier gave up 2 samples one being the Jasmine tea which was gross. Then he gave me a sample of the Milk tea which I loved. I decided I wanted to keep it healthy so I went with a smoothie. I got the Kiwi Banana Smoothie w/ Boba in it. My friend got the Milk Tea Boba. Well I can say I'm absolutely hooked on Boba now. Mine was pretty damn good. So good I wanted some more of my friends, his was tasty too. I'll be back. Really wanna try the Milk Tea one next.
2	Let's start with the staff here on the afternoon I dropped in:Inattentive, lazy teenagers whose main concern was to talk to their friends who, yes, did happen to be placing orders. However, that does not give anyone working in a position such as theirs the ability to ignore TWO other customers waiting in line to order. Because the employees here decided it was more important to talk to their friends, I waited 10 minutes just to place my order.After placing my order I then proceeded to wait for another 10 minutes as drink after drink came out before mine. I left with my drink as soon as I got it. I can't even say I liked the boba tea. It was okay, I guess. But I suppose I was just soured from the whole experience, I couldn't even enjoy my drink.I think this place must be good. Everyone on Yelp raves about it. But my experience was bad. No more Easy Life boba for me.
5	I've been on a bit of a boba kick in the past 24 hours (I grabbed some last night and again this afternoon). I came in with my two kids for a treat and ordered a large coconut milk tea with pudding. The larges here are gigantic and really cost efficient. I love it! The three of us shared this drink and all got our sugary fix for the day.The coconut milk tea was delicious and creamy and I LOVE PUDDING from boba places. I actually never get boba in my drinks because I'm not big on chewing drinks, but pudding has the most fantastic mouth feel and kind of just slides down your throat like silk. It's definitely pricier than boba, but really worth a try if you've never had it. I will be back, and my son will probably be able to try something with the fresh fruit he read about.Chinatown who? Desert Inn and Durango is where it's at!
4	When I'm in the mood for boba tea, this is my go-to place in town. It's got a great selection of drinks along with nice quality and serving sizes at reasonable prices. My only (minor) gripe is their decision to discontinue their frequent customer card program.
4	The only thing cuter than the drinks are the girls who work here.The Boba and various teas here are wonderful.  One of my favorite drinks would have to be the lemon-honey tea, because its a grownup-kid drink, like a Shirley Temple, full of booze.  The store is quaint and clean, with some good music usually playing at an appropriate level.  On a nice day, you can sit at the table outside and enjoy your drink.  Service is fairly quick, and the plastic wrap on top of your drink makes it very convenient to take on the go. This is my favorite Boba spot in town, not just because the crush-worthy staff greets you with smiles, but because they know what they're doing, and they do it right.
5	One of my fav boba places in Vegas! love it here! the service is always amazing and the drinks are reasonably priced especially for how delicious they are!
4	Rose boba tea!! I think I'm addicted.I am kind of mad i never walked in this place before since i have been taking my dogs to the groomers next door for about a year, i just haven't found a place with great boba in Vegas and this look like it would be no different.My friend wanted to go to the coffee shop across the street and i didn't feel like that so i am very glad i finally went in to easy life!! "Rose tea with boba" really loved it and will be back for the jumbo size.. probably tomorrow! too bad it's kind of far from my house or i would be there a loti didn't give i five stars because i wish the place had better decoration ;) a little bit more hip other than that the girls seem very nice and helpful.
3	Pudding boba milk tea;) finally got their rewards card the sign they have up makes it seem like you hv to pay $20 for it but you only pay .50 for it and they scan it on every visit.. I wish I would have asked from the beginning!I walked it and the girl asked me right away if I wanted the usual which was nice;) I regret getting the jumbo size for the milky drink large would hv been just fine its just that I can never hv enough of their rose tea and wish they sold it by the gallon
2	I love Boba but easy life's boba doesn't cut it for me. Service: the girls who work there are sweet and attentiveEasy Life boba uses powder like most joints to make their boba but my experience was horrible. I don't know if it was mixed right but I wanted a boba milk tea. Simple right? well I guess the boba milk tea's are already made and they're chilled until someone orders one I guess. When I got my boba I noticed white chunks floating in my boba. This immediately turned me off, it looked like when milk goes bad and there's that white foam that turns into chunks. When they poured my drink the skim must've also fallen in my drink idk. It was just a turn off I stopped drinking it. Easy life isn't my usual place I'd go for boba but I was just too far and too lazy to drive all the way to China town for the good spots. Definitely learned my lesson next time ill make the trip for a good boba.
2	When did they get rid of their stamp cards? I have been gone for far too long. That's not the only thing that has changed. I remember coming here often back in high school. Were my taste buds just off or have they changed? I had the honey lemon green tea with aloe vera about a month ago, wasn't bad but didn't taste like how I last remember it. During my most recent visit, I got jasmine milk tea. I expected your average jasmine milk tea... but it came out way too sweet and powdery. I didn't end up finishing the drink, and that never happens.
2	My friend and I just got done with some shopping and decided to stop by for some boba on our way home. We both got the red bean boba slush.. which was amazing. However, the staff was just horrible. They were very unprofessional and rude. They seemed too busy talking about their personal lives rather than do what they're being paid for. We heard them talking while waiting for our drinks, with a few sprinkling of curse words here and there. I understand that sometimes people bring their personal agendas to their workplace, but it is never okay to discuss it in front of customers, especially when you're speaking inappropriately. They had no regards for their customers. They spoke like they didn't care how they are representing the company.There were about four girls working but it took about 10 minutes for us to get our drinks. I've had a much shorter wait time at other boba places with only two, or even one, worker. I don't understand how it took that long to make our drinks with that many workers on the clock.And another thing.. when our boba was finally ready, we heard one of the girls yell, "Okay fuck this, I'm getting off!" O_O Uhm really..? I think this place would be great if they hired more responsible workers who can actually represent the business in a professional manner. They seemed like they were just hanging out somewhere gossiping.
5	This is my favorite boba EVER! Their drinks taste so fresh, and they aren't like some other boba places that have really syrupy/warm boba. The girls are friendly, and it's a nice place to hang out.My favorite is the coconut slush with boba!
5	Love this place!!! The workers are always friendly and helpful when im trying to decide what to order. It's quite a drive but definitely worth it :) try the red bean + taro with boba!
5	This place is a little tricky to find. It's tucked away within the Von's parking lot range (if you walk out of Von's - it is directly across the way, close to the street).  I haven't had Boba since I moved to Vegas, and this hit the spot. Friendly staff, great prices, & great drink!!! I will definitely be back by this whenever I'm in the area.
5	This is definitely the place I go to get my boba fix! My favorites are jasmine milk tea, lichi green tea with lichi jelly, thai milk tea with egg pudding and taro milk tea. Staffs are friendly and their service is very fast too. I highly recommend this place!
4	I've been here 4 times in the last 8 days.  It's rare for me to visit any restaurant 4 times in an entire year but this place warrants the attention.I have yet to try any of their drinks but based on the quality of their fluffy snow ice, I am sure they deliver in all of their other choices.  The fluffy snow is like none other.  It's so light, tasty, and packed with fruit deliciousness.Be sure to try all 3 of the flavors between Thai Tea, Strawberry, and Mango.  I love the kiwi, aloe vera, and their pudding.  Be sure to get a rewards card which is only 50 cents especially if you plan to frequent over and over again like I will.  I believe you get 1 point per dollar spent and then at 50 points, you get $5 off.
5	Okay, so forget the boba tea......this place is a must try for the fluffy snow ice!!!  This is the closest to a real shaved ice that Vegas has...the only one that is better is the one I tried in Canada....this is not your normal American snow cone or even the Hawaiian version...this is so much better!  The ice is flavored (Thai tea, strawberry, mango) and shaved so fine, it's like snowflakes in your mouth!!  They have tons of toppings that you can select from....fresh fruits, jellies, tapioca, aloe vera, mochi...and also comes with a selection of syrups to place on top.  I personally prefer the mango fluffy ice with mochi, mango/strawberry fruit, and lichee jelly and a light helping of the condensed milk.  They also have a very yummy egg custard as well!  I'm sad that I only just discovered this place....
5	My favorite is the passion fruit slushy ! I've never had a bad experience. Everyone is always nice and they serve the best boba teas (;
3	Okay, first of all: is anyone else mildly disturbed that the large cups are roughly the size and shape of a potty training toilet bowl?Now that THAT is out of the way, I will say that Easy Life is okay.  I wasn't as blown away as I wanted to be based on the other positive reviews, though, which was somewhat disappointing.  The milk tea was okay...nothing really special.  The Boba was pretty crunchy in the middle, like it wasn't done enough.  It was kind of unpleasant.  Maybe I just caught them on an off day, since others say it's really good.  Or maybe I have odd Boba preferences...dunno.The three stars are for the prices, which are very reasonable for what you get.  If I happened to be up in this area and had a hankerin' for Boba, would I come back?  Maybe.  It's okay.  Pretty generic stuff.
4	Okay, I lied.The night I wrote my first review for Easy Life, I had a dream of having more of their milk tea with boba.  When I woke up, I found myself driving the many miles up north to get myself a heaping helping.  It was much better than the first time, too, and the service was excellent.  Who dreams of boba?!?
5	Ever since I moved to Vegas 2 years ago I am craving for fluffy ice at Class 302.I have to plan a few extra trips back to LA just to get their mango snow .Easy life really shock me when they start selling their fluffy snow..This one will melt in your mouth so quickly it amazing just like room 302.Note:I do see a lot of  people got confuse with Taiwanese and Hawaiian shaved ice.The one Easy life selling is Taiwanese fluffy snow like Class 302 in Cali...
5	I go here every week not cause it's conveniently close to where I live, but its a great place to hangout with friends. I love easy life :D
5	Love love love this place! I like the teas better than the blended boba drink. They have diff kinds of flavors. Sooooo good!
3	Who knew that there were so many different kinds of ice to be had in this town?  Shave ice, snow ice, and now, Fluffy snow.  I was intrigued by the coupon I got in a mailer that touted the stuff at Easy Life, so I ventured over there last night after dinner at Settebello.There are three flavors available:  Thai tea, mango, and strawberry.  I ordered the small size with red beans, bananas, and condensed milk and it was plenty; I'm not sure I could handle a bigger size.  The best way to describe the ice is that it's a cross between gelato and sherbet.  I think I was expecting something more like the snow ice at Icy Juicy, which I absolutely love and to which I am addicted.  This was definitely heavier in consistency and tasted good, but I think I still like snow ice better, maybe because you can start with just plain snow ice and then add the flavors you want to it.  I wouldn't normally order strawberry, Thai tea, or mango gelato or sherbet, so there you go!
2	As a regular of over six years, I have quite a lot to say about this company.The first time I walked in this shop was when I was in grade seven. I had recently made two new friends in school, who were eager to show "little white Bridget" some Asian culture. I walked in from the scorching Vegas heat into the cool blue store and was amazed. Granted, it was nothing special, looking back, white tables and chairs, stainless steel counters, and blue walls that looked like water filled with air. And the menu! Huge, with tons of drinks to choose from, from teas to smoothies to slushies! Coming from a very secluded section of Indianapolis, I had never even heard of a slushie up until that moment. My friends (Heuna and Michelle) told me to get boba in my drink, and me, being in a daze, quickly agreed and got a black tea, something I was familiar with. And when I got my drink, they both watched me in awe to gauge my  reaction.I pierced the sealed plastic top with the oversize straw and had my first sip. I was so happy that moment that I could die. The tea tasted amazing, the perfect amount of sweet and flavor. And the boba was soft and chewy. A very nice compliment to the delicious tea. That first sip began my love affair with boba.Now it's six years later. I'm (somewhat) less naive than I previous was. I've been a loyal customer for all these years, spending my lunch money each day so I could get my fix of the good stuff, if you will. I've tried almost every flavor, and always stick with the teas. This shop is good at what they do, which is make great drinks and pretty amazing boba.There's only one thing that has bothered me about this location. The staff. You would think that being a customer for so long, the entire crew would know my name by now, right!? While they are friendly when you first come in, over time, if you come in too often, it seems like they don't give a damn about you. I like to come into a store and feel WELCOME, not treated like I'm some loud mouthed little kid, out to destroy your restaurant, or some unpleasant interruption from your riveting discussion on how cute so-and-so looks today. If I want any sort of nice service there, I almost feel like I have to be a cute guy. If you're going to do a job, especially for as long as the majority of the employees have been there, don't half ass it. Do it right, treat each customer kindly and fairly.Maybe I have different standards on how businesses should be run (which, by the way, I will be opening my own boba shop with my boyfriend in the near future) or maybe I'm still bitter about being told I couldn't work there, despite all the hoops and obstacles I had to go through just trying to get to the shop on my first day. Oh, I'm sorry, silly me, I'm writing a review of the business, not how rude the store owner was to me that day, and how I STILL go in there and give him my hard earned wages.To make an OVERLY LENGTHY review short, yes, I would recommend this spot for a quick craving fix. They are good at what they do. They have great consistency in flavors and the texture of the boba. Just don't expect to be treated like you're anything special, despite the price you'll pay for the drink. I hope sharing my story was somewhat helpful to someone out there. I'll always hold a soft spot in my heart for this place. So many wonderful things have happened behind the doors of this place.Thanks for reading! :]
4	Many choices!!  The inside sitting area doesn't seem the cleanest however the boba tea is extremely good!
3	I came here based on recommendations that this place had shaved snow similar to Class 302 in Rowland Heights, CA.  I'm always eager to get my fix of shaved snow (not to be confused with shaved ICE) wherever i can get it!  Inevitably, i'm always going to compare any shaved snow offering to Class 302 as that has set the standard for fluffy, snowy tastiness!I got the mango fluffy snow ice with mangos (which were tasty and ripe!), strawberries, and lychee jelly.  I had also asked for some pudding but i guess they forgot about that request.  Anyway, the snow ice was tasty, but i have to say i was a bit disappointed at the texture.  Yes, it's fluffy, but it's also got a bunch of little ice particles that take away from the fluffiness, adding a crunch that I didn't particularly like (and normally I like added crunchiness!).  It's as if they mixed shaved ice and shaved snow.  If you prefer the light, smooth fluffiness of Class 302's shaved snow, you may not enjoy this as much...  If you haven't had Class 302, then this will probably be "different" enough to win over a number of fans as a new frozen dessert experience.  Alas, having had better, this was just a step backwards for me....
5	Love their milk teas.  I'm not much into slushies so the 5 star is just for that.  Also for their location - its comfortable & conducive to studying (if there's not a long line of somewhat loud people ordering).  It also helps that there's free wifi :)   They did away with their 'frequent guest' stamp program that gives you a free drink of your choice.  I dont know how well the new program rewards loyal customers but other than that, its great!
4	I absolutely love this place.  I've been going since they opened, and forgot about them for a while.  Now I took my boyfriend and he's addicted to Fluffy Snow.Food Reviews:Popcorn Chicken - The best I've ever hadFish Ball- Not good in my opinion, more of a texture thing I guess.  The outside has the same seasoning as the popcorn chicken, but the inside of the ball...It's more of a fish cake texture.  I was expecting something more like batter with fish chunks in it.Chicken Wings- Still covered in the same seasoning as all the other food, which is quite tasty.  They were kind on the soggy side and the skin was all squishy and not crisp enough for my taste.  It also looked a little pink close to the bone which grossed me out.  I ended up putting them under the toaster oven
4	If this review was based on product quality alone, I would have given it 5 stars. Everything I've had here tasted wonderful. Their boba is sweet, not bland and gummy. Best milk tea ever.I knock it down one star because of the customer service. It's a very rare occasion that someone actually smiles and greets you once you come through the door, let alone when someone is taking your order. The kids behind the counter need to cheer up a bit.But hey other than that, check it out. And definitely make it "jumbo" :)
4	this review is only on the fluffy snow since i don't buy boba from here (yet).  first of all.. i think this is the only place you can get fluffy snow in las vegas.  the ice is fine and light unlike ice cream, so it doesn't make you feel like crap after you eat it.  if you've ever been to fluff ice in california, then you get the kind of fluffy snow that i'm talking about.  there are three flavors: thai tea, strawberry, and mango.  then, you can choose two categories of toppings and a syrup.  i usually get thai tea snow, banana, mochi, and condensed milk (a combo i highly recommend!) in small, which costs five dollars and some change.  this price might scare you but it's actually pretty huge since i usually eat a third of it before getting full and then i take it home and put it in the freezer.  the thai tea is a little on the sweeter side though so i try not to eat this so much. i haven't tried the fruity flavors of snow yet because i'm not a big fan of fruit flavored ice cream..actually, the thing that i am most enthusiastic about here is the customer service.  tonight i went and bought my usual thai tea fluffy snow and it came out messy and partially melted.  this didn't bother me that much so i just started eating it.  then.. the boss came out and took one look at my cup and started making me a new one (without me needing to say anything!).  i didn't know that he was already making me a new one until the meltyness started to bother me and i went to the cashier to complain.  with this kind of customer service, i walked out content and with two cups of thai tea fluffy snow in my hands.  yay!
3	The drinks (milk tea, slushies, flavored teas, etc) tasted pretty good and their boba were the best consistency: chewy and soft, in town. My only problem is that customer service was always slow.
5	My favorite boba place in town! I have been going to Easy Life since it opened up years ago and I've never been disappointed. I lived on that side of town when it first opened and I've been driving across town since then. Yes, it's worth the long drive.I love the Taro milk tea with boba as well as the Jasmine milk tea with boba and coffee jelly. Very filling, yet delicious!  I would also highly recommend the coconut slush with lychee jelly. Everything I have tried here, has been great.
4	Okay...everyone that lives here and even on here on Yelp, this place comes highly recommended. Maybe it's me, and it probably is, but I didn't find anything special with the boba here. Boba was okay, buy its just my opinion.  I gave this place 4 stars because my daughter loves this place and a friend of mine loves it too.  The service is always good, quick, and efficient. Place is always clean. The boba is not bad, just felt like its too watery if that makes any sense. I like my boba drinks thick. I do admit that so far this is the best in Las Vegas. If I need that boba fix, I come here. That's until I find better.
3	When I'm driving, I am usually very focused on the one task at hand; getting to my destination. However one day, while going through this area of town, I got a hankering for some boba. I made my boyfriend do a Yelp search on my phone, and lo and behold, Easy Life was only 5 minutes away. I clicked for directions, and was directed to a quaint little drink shop across from a large soccer park.Now, I am a very picky person when it comes to my boba. The consistency has to be perfect. Cooked just right. Under-cooked boba will leave you with a gross, hard center. Over-cooked boba will be too chewy. But Easy Life got that part just right. So why only 3 stars, you ask?Well, I usually only get plain boba milk tea, and if the particular place I'm at has pudding, then pudding is always added.  So what did I get? Pudding Milk Tea with boba, of course!I was so excited to get one, I got the biggest size they had, to-go, and didn't realize that they used bowl-shaped cups that were much too big to fit in my cup holder :(  -- of course, upon exiting, I realized they used regular sized cups, as well, but I did not notify them I wanted that size. OH WELL. I poked my straw into the top and loaded myself, my boyfriend and that monstrous bowl... cup.. thing... in with me.I took a sip, and... I wasn't impressed. Was it my selection? Not sure. I gauge a boba place by their most plain drink, the milk tea, my favorite drink, and I guess it just wasn't what I was used to. Don't get me wrong, the tea flavor was there, and the pudding tasted decent. And like I mentioned previously, the boba had great consistency.Of course, it's just my personal opinion. I do not know what brand of tea, or boba or pudding they use, but, I just didn't care for it.I did finish the drink though, because you just can't be wasteful in this day and age.I would stop by if I'm in the area, but I'm still loyal to my Good Foot Boba in Chinatown. (They don't have pudding, but their milk tea is so good, they don't need it!) :)
4	Loved the passion green tea. Good boba, good service!
4	Almond and jasmine milk tea were really good, didn't love the actual boba, texture was a little rougher than I expected
5	A trip to Las Vegas isn't complete without making a pit stop here! Absolutely love this place! Please bring more locations to the US!
3	This is a place that serves boba and the related. I can leave my review at that and you'd probably be satisfied, but fine, I'll say a few more words to further confirm this average, but convenient, place.Drinks are fine. Not much is fresh, but it's fine. It's what you expect from any other place. So on that note, it does a fine job. They have their interpretation of "fluff ice," which is nice. Unlike another place I reviewed involving boba - they don't give you any fuss over anything you do. You can come with who ever you want, stay as long as you want, and that's fine. They even accept credit cards at any price (I think). Rare!I think the biggest selling point of this place is its convenient location. There isn't much for boba choices in the area otherwise. Winner by default, Easy Life!
3	Having come from So Cal, I've longed for a place in Las Vegas to carry fluff ice/shaved snow.  Having tried many locations in the San Gabriel Valley area (such as Class 302 & Fluff Ice) my standards have been set pretty high.This was the first place that I've heard of that served the delicious fluff ice so I was eager to try it.They had only 3 flavors to choose from when I arrived: Thai tea, strawberry and mango.  I was slightly disappointed at the limited options as most of the other places that I've been to have 5/6 flavors to choose from including the original milk flavor which is what I typically get.I ended up with Thai tea, red bean & lichi jelly toppings and condensed milk.  Overall, the favor was there however the consistency and the look of the product was near dreadful.  I have posted a picture of what I received.  Having paid over $7 for a large, the cup was not even even 2/3 of the way full before the toppings were added.  The ice itself was not shaved to the fluffy consistency that I had missed so much.  It looked as if the blade on the machine was just set a tad too thin creating shaving that resembled the wood shavings from a pencil sharpener rather than thin sheets of fluff ice as one would expect.  This caused the ice to melt and desolve faster than it should have.  So when you got to the bottom of the cup, you were left with mush.  At other places, you are still left with sheets of ice even at the bottom that melt in your mouth with a smooth consistency.I dont know if I went on a bad night for the store, but from what I had, I would say.... fair attempt at fluff ice.  With a few tweaks, you could have a much better and much more successful final product.
4	This is my go-to place for boba when I'm not in Chinatown. I usually get a taro milk with boba. The boba is always a good consistency. T\he workers are always friendly and smiley which is a plus. The shop is spacious and cute. They keep it clean and have magazines you can peruse while waiting for your order (not that it takes long anyway). There are several tables inside and a few outdoors, so its a nice place to hangout with friends.My favorite part about Easy Life Boba Tea are the squid balls! Yup, I love deep fried balls with just a little bit of seasoning. They are the best I've tasted, even better than any other places I've tried in Chinatown.One thing that irks me a bit is how they changed their cups to a wider cup that doesn't fit in cup holders! I think you can request for their old (regular size) cups but sometimes I forget to request and I'm stuck holding my boba between my legs while I drive.
5	This is my go-to boba place near my house. Its not as busy as Icy Juicy or Tea Planet which is what I like when I just want to get a drink for myself and leave. They have some small snacks and what not but I never got those. Drinks are made very well and the boba has a good consistency. The service is on and off sometimes the girls are nice sometimes they're eh. Overall, still a good place to grab boba!
5	**Fluffy Snow (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0CB7YB1qRSWLQvMbHw3Fmw#OKPc9yWwcaM0__yZoD4_JQ)**       - Price - $5.25/$7.25/$9.25 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0CB7YB1qRSWLQvMbHw3Fmw?select=lOWl5lV701CElSSStQXX5Q#lOWl5lV701CElSSStQXX5Q).       - Consistency - It has the consistency of really soft ice cream.       - Fruits - We got strawberry and aloe vera. It was fresh and delicious.       - Taste - Customizable toppings allows each person to get the exact taste they want. Any way you look at it, this sugary dessert is delectable.**Compared to Taiwanese shaved ice**       - Taste - It tastes about the same. What's lacking is the way shaved ice looks like tiny sheets of ice meshed together.       - Availability - Since I don't know of any other place in Vegas that serves Taiwanese shaved ice, and Class 302 in Cali quite a drive, this would be the place to get your shaved ice substitute.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a great dessert spot. It's probably better to share since the sizes are quite large.
4	Must get Snow Ice here!First time came here for the fluffy snow (in Chinese Snow Ice)I am always a fan of Taiwanese food so I've been hunting for a Snow Ice place for some time. The price is decent as it already includes certain toppings in the price and the consistency is similar to what you can get in Los Angeles but it could be a lot more 'fluffier'. In addition, it was a little sweeter than I would have liked it to be. Nevertheless, it probably is the only fluffy snow ice place in the Las Vegas Valley. So I would definitely come back and try it again.The popcorn chicken is even better than other Boba places in the Las Vegas Valley. Just a note: if you do order it, make sure to eat it while it is hot. Once it gets cold, it turned really hard. Second time, tried the Pudding Milk Tea w/ Boba. I love their milk tea! The boba was cooked perfectly and chewy. The best part was the pudding. Their consistency and taste of the pudding is by far the best.
4	Reliable, quick and good-flavored. I'm a fan of their popcorn chicken because it has a nice spice to it and the meat isn't stringy, but I assume boba places can't mess that up too badly. I'd still like to try more items on their menu, but so far my favorite is their Taro Milk Tea. I usually get it without boba since it doesn't have too much flavor (especially when compared to T-Pumps in the bay area that has honey-infused boba). Teenagers haven't been too rowdy/annoying in here like other boba places and they have plenty of seating space. They keep all the table tops clean, as well as their bathroom in the back. They have a few toy machines and a crane machine if you find yourself with some extra pocket change. Workers have always been pleasant and will ask you if you want upgrades or add-ons, just in case you missed it on the menu.
4	Easy Life has been my go-to boba place for a few years now.I've heard some people say the boba is supposed to be a little mushier, but Easy Life's boba balls are more on the chewy side. I kind of like them like that though. I'm pretty simple, so I always get their boba milk tea. Delicious. Never lets me down. Their snacks are also pretty tasty. They have noms from popcorn chicken to squid and lobster balls. They're called "snacks" for a reason, so don't expect a full on meal!The atmosphere is laid back. I've seen people chilling and hanging out with friends. I've seen others studying there. The boba gals are always really nice and seem happy, even when its a little hectic. They're also fairly quick with their service so you should be in and out in a jiffy when you're in a rush. I just wish they didn't have limited hours during the winter months. I guess I understand that business is a little slower but I'm still willing to get boba later at night!  But other than that, I really don't have any complaints about this place.
5	Love that it's close to my house, yummy flavors, good prices and the large cup is ridiculously cute!
5	Thai tea with boba is delicious!
5	Hands down, best Boba around. And the price is not bad!
3	This place is just ok. I tried the taro boba a small amount for like $5 and some change so I thought it was a bit pricey for a small boba drink. It was pretty good. A cute little hang out spot for teeny boppers.
5	Located on Desert Inn and Durango, Easy Life makes it even more convenient for me to get boba without venturing into Chinatown. No need to endure the driving of those on Spring Mountain!The milk teas and flavored teas are balanced just right and are oh-so-refreshing! Their boba has the right chewy and soft texture and a bit of sweetness to them. Slightly different than your traditional shaved ice, their fluffy snow has its flavoring frozen in the ice, shaved into a mound of soft, edible snow, and then you get to choose toppings like fresh fruit and jellies. Never had their slushies or snacks, but I might give it a try another time.Glad this place is closer to home, but not too close or else I'd be here too often!
5	Have yet to try their fluff ice, but I stop in there for their drinks. Great jasmine milk tea (not too sweet!) and taro slush. Boba isn't too hard or too soft. The honeydew tastes a bit too artificial for me personally. Awesome driving down the street rather than to China Town just for some smoothies!!Reasonably priced and super quick service. Clean sitting area.7/18/13 update: Finally got around to trying their fluff ice.. maybe it's just my tatebuds but I really hated the texture of fluff ice (it was my first fluff ice experience!)- kinda too slimy to me! I liked the thai tea flavor, but could not get over the sliminess of the fluff ice. Still, I keep the 5 star rating as everything else is still awesome!
2	I've only had their milk teas in the past and they always tasted like the powder variety. The boba balls are just all right.
4	two words: fluffy snow!
5	Always great service, very quick. Drinks are delicious and they definitely don't skimp on the boba.
4	I really like this place for their boba drinks and the "fluffy snow". The first time I had it, the fluffy snow was a revelation. It's like a hybrid of shaved ice and ice cream. It's creamy and airy and frozen and absolutely delicious. My favorite flavors are mango and Thai tea. And you get three toppings! A perfect cold treat for hot Las Vegas days. The only reason I have taken away one star is because of the smell inside the restaurant. I can't stand in there for 5 minutes without smelling like the mix of grease and stinky fish for the rest of the day :(
4	This is the second time I've been here in a week so that should tell you something. Their fluffy snow is absolutely delightful I am lactose intolerant and this stuff is so close to the texture and sweetness if icecream it really satisfies that craving. I'm trying the strawberry one today I tried the mango one last time. Good stuff addicting must try you'll be hooked!
5	Where anything and everything tastes amazing after adding boba!Laid back & relaxing atmosphere.
4	Really good boba spot. I love the red bean slush, taro red bean slush, and the coffee slush. Their popcorn chicken is good as well. My coworkers love the Thai slush.
4	---- Start of Transmission ---This boba place has always been very close to my past few safe houses.  In fact if you were to plot the past safe house locations on the map, Easy Life Boba Tea will pretty much be in the middle.  Just an observation.Anyway, there has been some recent activities on the fluffy snow ice scene in Las Vegas, with one opened by a celebrity chef and another by individuals completely off the radar.  If you are an active duty Yelp operative, you will likely know their names, employment history, and what they did last summer.My visit to ELBT is to check out how the fluffy snow ice measures up to the new competitions.  So here is my report based on my observations and my order of a Large Mango Snow with Green Apple Jelly, Strawberry and Mango with Condensed Milk:Sizes (3):Small ($5.25 includes 1 regular and 1 premium toppings)Medium (No show. Must be out of this most average & popular of container sizes)Large ($7.25 includes 1 regular and 2 premium toppings)Jumbo ($9.25 includes 2 regular and 2 premium toppings)The Small is perfect for a snack for one. Large is big enough for me, but it is pretty much a meal replacement.  Jumbo is suitable for competitive eaters, but best shared with a few friends that does not mind cooties.  If they do, they can get their own Small or have a friend administers a cootie shot.  Flavors comes in three varieties (Strawberry, Mango and Thai Tea), so if just competing on that simplistic variable alone, ELBT comes in with the least amount of "snow" selections. Toppings:  8 regular (Boba, Mochi, Pudding, Red Bean, Lichi Jelly, Coconut Jelly and Green Apple Jelly) and 6 premium (Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi, Banana, Aloe Vera and Coffee Jelly).  Flavoring (aka Sauce): 4 to drizzle with (Condensed Milk, Chocolate Syrup, Brown Sugar Syrup, Caramel Syrup).Again, overall number of selection to top off and customize your "snow" order with is not bad, but falls short of the competition.  But ELBT have the majority of the stuff I would want to order normally, so I don't care if they don't have gummy bears, Cap't Crunch, M&M's, etc. on their list.Texture & Flavor:  Texture of the fluffy snow here is decent. However, you can still easily detect the slightly gritty ice crystals in your mouth, but it is a vast improvement over the offering at Kuma, but still not as perfect as Frost Bites Shavery (recently re-branded SnowFlake Shavery and relocated to their new brick and mortar location on Spring Mountain/Decatur in late Aug. 2013).  Flavor of the snow is good (but not made from all natural ingredients), not too strong or mild, but just enough.Service:  High schoolers behind the counter, so your service mileage will vary greatly depending on the usual variables (cuteness, personality, your kicks,etc.)So when it is hot and you want something to cool you down, and flavored snow dessert is what you crave, apply sun block (SPF40+) according to instruction and drive/bike/bus/teleport yourself to ELBT for a cool one.Greater than A-OK.---- End of Transmission ---
5	This is the closest good boba place to where I live in the SW. The boba is definitely on the better side, not mushy and not too hard and barely sweet. I always get the pearl milk tea (pretty good, not too sweet), vanilla milk tea (very good but very sweet, must be in the mood for sugar), coconut milk tea (yum), or watermelon slush (delicious!). Am trying to stray from my favorites but they are just so good. I often get the jumbo size, which is ginormous and perfect to quench your thirsty for a couple of hours (at LEAST). For reference, a jumbo milk tea with boba will cost you around $5.40, not pricey at all. They also have a rewards card where you get 1 point for every dollar you spend, and after 50 points you get a $5 credit I believe. Takes me about 10 or so visits to get up to it but hey, free is free. And free delicious boba drinks are awesome.I must mention that Easy Life has COCONUT JELLY. I can't even stress how important this is, coming from San Gabriel Valley and not seeing coconut jelly here much. A jumbo coconut milk tea with coconut jelly is one of the best things to order.I often see high school age kids hanging out here, and with the free wifi it is definitely a good place to sit and chill for a while. Their fluffy snow has been tempting me ever since they started serving it so I hope to try that soon, and only hear good things about it. But go here, and whatever you get you won't be disappointed. Casual, well-priced joint with friendly service, it's a regular spot for me.
4	Some of my cousins were having dinner close by so I met up with them for dessert. I picked Thai iced tea fluffy snow and topped it with pudding, coffee jelly and condensed milk.The flavor was good, but the consistency was kinda sticky so it didn't  fluff up. I probably wouldn't get that again.My one cousin got mango fluff ice with lychee jelly, mochi and condensed milk and that was much better. Flavor was good, but also was much more light consistency and was seemingly fluffy. They give you the option of a to-go cup or a plate. I suggest eating in and putting it on a plate where it wont get smashed and won't melt as fast. There's only 3 flavors available so not as much as other places, but still currently one of the handful of people who are serve up this trend treat.Red bean milk tea and vanilla milk teas were also ordered and good. I think it's pretty decent of a place. I wouldn't go out of my way for this place, but in the area it's a solid spot to grab something to cool off.
5	I always go to Easy Life and order my lychee boba. It's been the best one I've tried in Vegas. Something not many boba places have or make how I like it.
4	Their drinks are delicious, no matter what you order. Their fluffy snow is also interesting. It's not bad, it just cannot be compared to sorbet or shaved ice because it's texture is far from either. By the way, the small for fluffy snow can feed two or even three when it's not to-go!
4	Not a bad choice if you are craving boba on this side of town. This location is near the southwest part of town, fairly close to desert breeze park.Ordered a safe choice - large milk tea with boba. I don't like how the large cup size is wide.  It doesn't fit in my car's cup holder. The taste is very similar to volcano tea's milk tea. Sweet enough for my taste, not overpowering. And the chewiness of the boba is just right.The service was friendly and the place itself is roomy and clean. I believe they have a rewards program but I didn't ask for details because I don't see myself coming back too often. But if I'm in the neighborhood, I'd stop by again if i don't want to drive all the way to Chinatown for boba :)
4	I use to go here all the time in high school when I lived nearby, and it's still my #1 to-go place whenever I'm craving boba and popcorn chicken. I know some people complain that the drinks are not sweet enough, but I like that it's not super sweet like some other boba places in Chinatown. I love their coconut milk tea and green apple green tea with green apple jelly. Their popcorn chicken is also a must-try, you get more chicken than batter (again, unlike some other boba places). This place would get five stars from me, but their service is inconsistent. Some days the girls who work there are nice, and other days they just look through you like a zombie.
3	I love their Milk tea, I wish they would stay open a little longer. The boba isnt the best but the milk tea i can drink all day!
3	I was on a mission to find another snow place since mine closed down due to relocation. What's a fluffed ice addict to do, right? I happen to be in this part of town so I stopped in after reading Yelp reviews. Place is clean and service is good. I would recommend having tables for 2 rather than large party of 4 tables. Boba is their specialty but I was not at all interested in that.  I came here for the fluffy snow.Only 3 flavors offered. I ordered the mango with lychee jelly...you get one regular topping and one premium topping...so I got strawberries and one sauce...condensed milk. They have a wide selection of toppings to choose from. It was served up in a nice rectangular plate that was picture worthy. The small is considerable portion enough to share.Texture was light, but still a bit icey that gave me occasional brain freeze. Flavor was good but not the all natural flavor I craved.
5	It's been a while since I reviewed this, I usually like to try places more than once to see if they're consistent with my last review & happy to say Easy Life remains my fave Boba place!I try to get different flavors every time I'm here & seriously, every single one tasted fresh, creamy & delicious! Service is always friendly too! Nothing else to say. Craving their Boba as I type this. :)
2	Two stars because the boba tea was good. The only problem was that the 2 employees were in the backroom when we entered around 8pm. We waited about 5 minutes before I ventured into to kitchen to ask if they had time to service us. The girl got upset at my audacity to enter her kitchen, rather than apologize for failing the first rule in customer service : GREET THE CUSTOMER! I got attitude instead of an apology. I am hoping she washed her hands after being in the kitchen with the other guy ignoring customers....
3	Walked in with my brother one day. Ordered a smoothie and almond milk tea, both with boba. Prices were good. Service was good. Place was clean. Tea itself was good. The only thing was my boba was chewier and harder than I'd like. When I'm out looking for boba on the very rare occasion, I hope for it to be perfectly soft. Sorry. Its not a bad place at all. Thats just my preference.
5	This is a favorite place for Fluffy Snow and Smoothies, Slushies, or hot drinks. The thing I like about Easy Life is that they have everything in one place. There are a few new places for Snow that opened recently but EL is the best even though they have less flavors of Snow. They are never stingy with the toppings like the new places plus they have drinks and snacks if Snow is not the only thing you want, unlike all the new places. We always come here for snow and drinks or snacks. A small snow with toppings is enough for an adult+child.The staff are always nice and friendly.
5	It was love at first sip with the watermelon slush with boba! It was like I was drinking fresh watermelon, if you are a watermelon lover then I highly recommend it. I wandered in after going to the bank. The selection is impressive, there is a lot of choices.  It was not too cold for a slush which I appreciate.I will most definitely be back to try some different options!!!!
4	My new discovery and new place for boba tea.  I tried their mango fluffy snow with mocha, bananas and condensed milk ~ it was yummy! But I will go with red and mango toppings next time.
5	My favorite place to go for boba! & it's in a nice location too. The interior is clean & the girls working their are cute. The boba is never mushy, but cooked perfect. & their choice of flavors of milk tea, slush, or real fruit smoothies are all yummy! I always get the fish balls too (from food menu) the texture/flavor is better than the lobster, shrimp balls. I love easy life boba!
5	This is the place that I've been looking for, a right place to hang out, but i wish that they could open 24 hrs, that would be awesome!The drinks are very tasty, yummy flavors.i cant really complain about their food.I lived over the north side of the town, but i never go any place else for whatever reasons!
2	Drinks were good, especially the Thai Iced Tea, but employees are rude and unfriendly.
3	I got the jasmine milk tea. Boba was perfect but the drink was decent. Service was good.
4	The boba milk tea here is fantastic. If I could give a 5-star rating just for the milk tea, I would. However, I gave it a 4-star because the staff isn't all that friendly. You can tell that they really don't want to be there and all I can say is "suck it up." Besides that, I normally get my usual thai milk tea with boba, which is amazingly priced at $3 for a medium, but I decided to try out their honey milk tea with boba. One of my best decisions to date. The tea is creamy and refreshing without being overpowering and the boba was cooked perfectly. I also had their fresh fruit mango smoothie with boba on another day, which is also an A+++ in my book. Overall, this place has amazing drink quality, but the service, not so much.
3	This place is 2.5 stars, but feeling generous today, so rounded up! I've tried better since I am comparing this to NYC. The milk tea is really nothing special. I could not call it bad because I had worst but it was nothing to rave about. The only thing that different and unique is probably the size of the plastic cup. The popcorn chicken should be AVOIDED. It seem like the popcorn chicken is used to make a profit from high school student who lack money. So if you were coming to Easy Life Boba Tea, I will recommend a drink and stay away from the food!
5	It was a little busy so I had to wait to place my order but that was fine because I couldn't decide what to get.  They have so many different options.  When I reached the counter I asked if she would recommend the honey milk tea or the vanilla milk tea?  She gave me a sample of the milk tea and I decided to go with the honey milk tea w/ boba.  I also wanted an iced tea and went with the melon iced tea w/ boba.  I enjoyed both drinks and will return.
4	Update: No more big bowl of snow ice, only small cups. I've tried a lot of shave ice places around town, this one is one of the best. Reminds me of a few joints in California. Tip: Order the popcorn chicken and snow ice.
3	Not as great as tea station, but it will do for a quick milk tea crave. I got the jasmine milk tea the first time I came here, felt like I downed a whole bag of sugar, it was overly sweet. Second time I was here, I asked them to take down the sweet to a lower level, added red bean, it was better. Typically I would come back if I was in the area, but not my number one choice.
3	I hit up this boba tea place for a treat after the Yelp Surfset workout. In keeping with the island-y theme of our workout, I went for the coconut slush with lychee. And then at the cashier's urging, added boba. While the flavors of my drink were quite fresh and tropical, it was a bit too much in one drink. And at nearly $7, it set me back more than I'd expected.I'd recommend the order, as it tasted good, but maybe stick to just the lychee or the boba instead of doing both.That being said, there's a lot on their menu that I'm interested in trying: thai tea with boba, in particular, but also a new/featured special peanut butter milk tea? I might be back sooner than I expected.
5	I love easy life boba! It was my first time trying fluffy snow, and it was extremely light and delicious. I got the thai tea fluffy snow topped with condensed milk, mochi, and strawberries. Next time, I think I'll try another flavor and mix it up a bit. They have mango, thai tea, and strawberry fluffy snow with a very large selection of topping choices. Their boba drinks are always perfect. I usually get the egg pudding milk tea because it's my favorite! The boba is nice and soft, but not too soggy or ruined by a hard center like other places. Perfect scoop boba and easy life boba definitely outshines the chinatown spots including tea station. There's no need for me to drive so far to satisfy my cravings anymore. :)
3	Meh. OK boba. This is one of the "old style boba" --- i.e., powdered flavored drinks with mediocre boba. Real good boba these days use premium quality tea leaves and real milk and give you the option of being able to go completely unsweetened. These old-fashioned powdered ones are pre-sweeted with sugar and you're mostly just drinking artificial flavoring.That said, it's not the worst boba I've had. If you're craving boba and this is the closest boba place nearby, it'll probably do. But I don't think I'll be back here again.
4	Cute little shop.  Easy to find location in a strip mall.  Nice selection of snow ice, Boba teas, slushes and a few snack items. We tried the taro/red bean with Boba and the strawberry milk tea.  Both were delicious.  Prices seemed high compared to other local tea/smoothie locations.  Plenty of helpful, friendly staff.  I think we will be back!
5	THE BEST BOBA PLACE YOU WILL EVER GO TO! If you wanted to try a new boba drink place, this is the place! I have always ordered Boba Milk Teas here since they have opened (I think 2008, not sure). Plus if you order $20 or more they give you a loyalty card. The drinks are always great and will satisfy your tastebuds. The employees here are always happy to serve customers and are very friendly. Will definitely recommend to my friends and family here.
3	This place has good milk tea and boba but it's not the real, high quality milk tea. It's just a bunch of flavored powder loaded with sugar. It's ran by a bunch of teenagers with less than good customer service. We've witnessed a couple of times not the most hygienic practices when it comes to preparing these drinks, oh well I'm sure I've had dirtier things without me knowing. The owner seems to care less and just wants to rake in the dough ....
3	This place has gone down hill lately. The boba is still made right, which can be hard to find. But the drink quality has been weird. Today, my coconut almond milk tea tasted like our sugar water. Bleh. No thank you. This used to be my favorite spot, but not anymore.
3	Used to be 4 stars, but now deduct 1 star. This place is a little far for boba places (wayy past LV Chinatown) however I've never had a bad experience where I would get a tummy ache(Volcano Tea), where someone wouldn't even remember me after 3 times (QQ Boba), and lastly where the cashier says to make my drink wrong..and did (Fresh Cup).I would say this place is up to par with their jasmine MT - never had a problem and taste refreshing as it always has. They offer many sizes for their drinks - from 16oz, to 20oz in either the Tall or 24oz? Chubby cup, to lastly the Bucket cup which is 32oz. These sizes are pretty popular in SF so it didn't wow me too much - but was excited to find a place that did have it.. which is here!I would say prepare for unfriendly customer service haha many of the cashiers look like they're in high school, and with that..comes the unfriendly customer service. I don't mind not being greeted when I enter the store, but to make eye contact with the cashier 3 times as I'm sitting across from her in a chair and still says nothing definitely doesn't mean make it any less awkward.
5	Easy life is easily one of the best boba establishments on the western side of the strip. I have been coming to Easy Life for over a year and I have yet to find one negative thing about it. The staff is friendly, and definitely make the customers their upmost priority. The store looks very clean, and seems like a very inviting place to sit, relax, and have a delicious drink.
2	I find the high ratings for this place to be completely baffling. Maybe I came in on a bad night, you know, someone being off their game. But, I think 2 stars is pretty generous if you ask me, why? This was probably the worst bubble tea i've ever had. Ever.I was in the area and was checking around for some new bubble tea places that were closeby. After seeing the high ratings, I decided to check it out. The inside of the store is pretty nice. It's clean and well maintained. Things started to go downhill after ordering a bubble tea.Large Milk tea w boba and egg pudding and caramel- Let's start with the boba. It was not well cooked. It was mushy on the outside and hard in the middle. Definitely disappointed. The egg pudding was ghastly. It was way too soft. By the time it gets sucked through the straw, it disintegrates into a cottage cheese like texture. I almost wanted to puke. The milk tea had 0% tea flavor, it might as well have been water. And finally the cherry on top would be the caramel. They use the Torani brand caramel syrup. Yes, the same caramel syrup they use at Starbucks to flavor their drinks. I mean, come on. It was terrible.It should have been 1 star but I gave them an extra star because the total was 4 bucks with the yelp check in offer. But, not coming back.
5	Love this place! No other places in LV cooked Boba right. Moving from So Cal it was hard to believe how hard it was to find a boba place that does it.
1	I wanted a late night snack but also wanted boba so this place had what I wanted. It was my FIRST TIME (in cap locks for the owner to understand) and I was a bit excited. As soon as I walked in. There was no greeting. (Customer service is a must for me!!!) So It was a bit awkward. I didn't know where exactly to order. Because the cashier was on the side but the menu was in the middle. And I didn't see the cashier until later because a few people were blocking it. (It didn't seem like there was a line forming because everyone was just standing around.) In the meantime I was pretending to look at the menu but I already knew what I was going to order because I looked into this place before coming. Anyways, I ordered a large taro slush with boba. Eight pieces of lobster balls, and popcorn chicken.My boba was already done and made. I thought they were going to call it out or put it out immediately (like ALL the other boba and coffee places) but no. They put it on the side until my whole order was finished. I waited a couple minutes, more than five minutes actually! Eventually I asked for it and it already melted. I didn't ask for a milk tea. I asked for a slush!!! The "company policy", obviously needs changing. The boba pearls are just the usual boba pearls. And the taro is the usual taro. The flavor is there. But not enough to be like OMG... It was OKAY.As for the eight lobster balls and the popcorn chicken. It was way to salty for me. It would've been great to be informed that you had an option for salt or no salt but then again... IT WAS MY FIRST TIME. So how would I even know it would be salty for my taste buds. But I do admit that the crunch lasted a while. I didn't think these snacks will get me full but the large drink filled me up so I couldn't eat the rest of the popcorn chicken and lobster balls. It was OKAY.Overall, my whole experience... It was OKAY! This place is something to check out once. I'd probably come back again but after I felt like I've been insulted by the owner and the employees looking miserable. No way!
2	Missed the markEasy Life Bobba is located on South Durango and West Desert Inn, inside a small little strip mall between chase bank and the Pet Hospital.Strolling in around 9pm I was surprised to see a fairly busy business. When ordering I was a little unsure of what to get as the menu is extensive with a wide range of options. You can see the time and effort that has gone into the menu which I respect.I ended up with the Strawberry Fluff with strawberries, kiwi, banana with lychee and jellies on top. I also ordered a Milk tea with Bobba for myself.I'll start by saying I had a sample of the Fluff and it wasn't to bad. As I only sampled a small amount I can't really comment to much but I will say the jelly was a little tough.As for my milk tea, I had to throw it out. I don't like being a waste and it's very very rare I won't eat something but this wasn't even remotely good. The milk tea taste like powdered milk and the Bobba was so tough it seemed like it had been sitting out and dried up.I was thinking 3 stars, 1) open till 10pm 2) variety on the menu 3) The yelp check in offer. But the milk tea just wasn't even close to being appetizing. Now maybe it was an off night, maybe my taste buds blew a fuse but as for now, it's not really a place I want to visit again and I can't recommend it to anyone.OverallService: 3-5Drink: 0-5Cleanliness: 4-5Coming back: No
2	Items SelectedStrawberry Fluffy Snow with Mochi, Egg Pudding, and Condensed MilkCaramel Milk Tea with BobaStill sated despite the fact that dinner had ended nearly three hours prior but in a celebratory mood after The Kings Double-OT stunner in Game 2 of The Stanley Cup Finals it was largely a matter of convenience that led me to Easy Life Boba Tea, the small storefront a resident of my 'to do' list ever since a January visit to now-shuttered 9 on the Plate.  Purportedly open until 10:00pm on Saturdays but seemingly abandoned with chairs atop tables on my arrival it was not until I hollered "Hello" that a small woman emerged from the back and although quick to explain in a deterrent tone that orders after 9:30 were only offered to go I not only persisted but also doubled down, a yelp check-in shaving 50% off my second item with a total tally of $8.54 for an order taken curbside to enjoy.  Admittedly a novice but happy to experiment at such a low cost it was with sips of Easy Life's caramel flavored milk tea that my tasting began and with pearls of boba channeling up the thick straw amidst creamy liquid only modestly sweet I was modestly surprised, an opinion even more befitting a container of summer-fresh fluffy snow far lighter than that at Snowflake Shavery finding textural counterpoints in dense egg custard, whimsical mochi, and a light drizzle of condensed milk...the only bad taste of the evening delivered as I walked back to my car only to see a group of four Asian twenty-somethings seated at a table inside eating fluffy snow with the same young server who'd just sent me to the streets.
5	They girls that work here are awesome. They're always helpful, smiling, and they make great drinks. I've tasted the cappuccino blended boba drink, so good! I also like their thai tea and their avocado smoothie so bomb dot com.-Ozzy Lopez
4	Love it! Only reason why I cant up 5 stars is because there's been multiple times when I've entered the shop and NO ONE bothered to say greet me. I love the drinks tho.. I got an awesome groupon too just because i love my boba from there!
4	I just love this place.  The coconut slush is perfect and the boba is so tender. I need my fix every other day. Convenient location not located in busy china town,.
4	The fluffy snow was refreshing and the portion was large enough for two people. I only wish they had more flavors. They only have Mango and Thai Tea currently, but lots of flavors for various drinks, both hot and cold.
4	I thought it was pretty decent. I had a Large Taro with boba. The boba was fresh...not one old hard one in there and the taro was no worse than anywhere else. I've been to a couple of cheaper places in town where you are halfway done with your slush and the bottom half consistency is 80% slushed ice and 20% taro flavor. Here the Taro flavor remained constant to the bottom of the drink.It's not the cheapest in town, but I was pleased. I hope they have durian smoothies at some point because it's my favorite and I'm a freak.Also if they could come up with boku pandan I'd be here 3 times a week. If anyone knows a boba tea joint with Boku pandan (besides nasty jollibee) feel free to private message.I may have to open my own Zagu.
5	Since my last review I finally tried the fluffy snow in strawberry and it was pretty good. It is really a generous serving for the small size that I ordered, and I didn't even think my boyfriend and I would be able to finish it after eating dinner but we did, it's very light. No offense to Easy Life but I prefer the shaved ice/snow/whatever you want to call it from somewhere else (note: I know they're different but they're still in the same category to me). I've also tried the green tea slush (which is now one of if not my favorite item there, SO DELICIOUS!!), coconut slush (good, a tad on the sweet side), kiwi slush (yummy), grape slush (REALLY good), and a peppermint milk tea which I did not like at all, too sweet and too strong peppermint flavor. I've also been told by people whom I've ordered for that the avocado smoothie, taro, mango and strawberry slushes are good but the passion fruit slush was not.I've placed large orders here a few times now when doing a boba run for my coworkers and only once was there a mistake where one drink was completely missed so I had to go back to get it. But luckily the same girl was there and I was given no trouble at all. Even when they're busy the staff obviously works fast and seeing some of the complaints on here I can't say I've had any regarding the product overall and the service. I have not tried any of the food since I only stop here to get a drink for the road so can't say anything about that. And honestly I didn't realize before that you can track your boba rewards card on their website and it shows you every time points have been added and how much in rewards you've accumulated. Makes it very easy to make sure you've accrued everything you're due and see how much you have left! I love Easy Life.
2	Soooooooooo disappointedIt's been hard for me to find good 'bubble tea' out here in Vegas and I figured the best of the best has to be Taiwanese Tea and that's why yelp brought me here. I ordered a green milk tea and it just tasted like milk.. :(My boyfriend ordered a passion fruit green tea and it was alright.. 2 stars for that.Definitely not coming back.. not even for the fluff snow stuff that everyone seems to like.
1	I was on my way home and this was the last chance for milk tea before heading towards Mountains Edge.  I already passed Chinatown and was too lazy to turn back.  Ordered the milk green tea,  worst milk green tea I've ever had!!!  No green tea taste what so ever and so so sweet.  YUCK!  It was pre-made and he basically just poured it out of a pitcher. Saw it for myself. I was so pissed at myself for picking this place...don't you hate when you do that!?  I chucked the drink in the trash when I got home.  Better off stopping at Starbucks for a grande latte for the price I paid for this disgusting milk green tea.Anyways....That's what I get for being lazy and not driving back towards Chinatown for some REAL milk green tea.  Oh well...lesson learned.Yelp fail...
4	This is our go-to boba place in vegas. The boba is not too chewy and not too soft. The milk tea always tastes right and not too sweet. The only issue is that they close way too early on week days!
4	I lived out in central PA for 4 years, and seriously, there was NO GOOD BOBA to be found anywhere....so my tolerance for mediocre boba may have increased in that time frame.That being said, Easy Life boba is pretty good. It's not the best Boba I've ever had, I mean, coming from CA originally, there are tons of better boba tea options out there. The tea here is pretty good - a little sweeter than I'd like, but the boba is always chewy and bouncy :), and since it's practically on my way home from work, it's a convenient spot. The shop itself is pretty bare, but they have a large selection of teas/slushies/juices/coffee. It's a bit pricy ($4 at least for a large boba), but I'm willing to pay to get my boba fix!I can already forsee this being a weekly stop for me!
5	The best boba tea in Las Vegas.Green tea boba is my favorite.  My husband and I love going there . Great service!
5	This is my favorite Boba in Vegas! I have tried so many places and not only does this place have THE BEST TASTING boba and drinks, but the prices are awesome and fair. I wish there was a place closer to me, but this place is worth the extra 10 min drive. I LOVE YOU EASY LIFE! You showed me the great world of milk tea and boba! I am forever a loyal customer here!
5	Currently my most frequented boba place. Really close to my house so I don't have to navigate the drivers on Spring Mt. The boba tastes great (i usually get the jasmine milk tea with boba) and there's a $1off large drink everytime you check in!
1	They kick you out at 9pm sharp! When I got here at 8:45pm, they said they were out of boba. I don't know how a place with "boba" in their name doesn't have their namesake product. So I said alright and ordered some popcorn chicken. It took them nearly 10 minutes to make it. Keep in mind, I was the only customer and there were two employees working. So I start eating and less than 5 minutes later, they both tell me that they're closing so I have to leave. I ask if I can finish eating (I have about 6 pieces left at this point) and they say no because they have to go out back to throw away trash and they can't leave me alone in the front. What?!? The popcorn chicken itself was fine, but the service was horrendous.
4	I like how close Easy Life is really close to my house and not located in Chinatown but I don't go here that often. I feel like this place isn't authentic..However my boyfriend and cousins go gaga for Easy Life.There wasn't much of  selection for fresh fruit so I ended up ordering an avocado drink with coconut jelly. The drink had a really strong condense milk flavor to it but I eally liked the coconut jelly. I also tried lobster balls and the lychee green tea and those were just okay.
1	Customer service sucks!Came here with my family on a Monday around 8pm. There were 2 girls working. We ordered a thai tea slush and a strawberry banana smoothie. We paid for our drinks, tipped the girls, and waited while our drinks were being made. When one of the girls brought our drinks out, we noticed they had made us a regular iced thai tea rather than a thai tea slush. We told her that there was a mistake - and she just had this look of pure annoyance. She didn't apologize for the mistake or even said anything to us after we told her there was a mistake. All she did was go to the register to ring us up the price difference - a whopping 11 cents! Seriously? You're going to make us pay an 11 cent price difference on a mistake YOU made AND after we tipped your rude ass already? Whatever - we paid the 11 cents and waited for her to remake our drink. After she was done making our drink, she just put it on the counter without saying anything to us and walked away. We grabbed our drinks and got the hell out of there. Seriously, I wouldn't have minded paying the price difference if the girl was nice about it. At least apologize for the miscommunication or something.Needless to say, we won't be back.
5	Iv been going here for years and they never disappoint! So many options for drinks and food. The service is always friendly, and it's very clean.
4	Their boba can be a bit of a choking hazard I think....a bunch were stuck together into two-fers so it took a lot of suck to get some of those babies up the straw. I was worried one of those things was going to fly right down the windpipe. I also got coffee jelly which also seemed to negatively impact the hydrodynamics of the whole thing. My Thai Tea was otherwise delicious and the boba itself was actually some of the better I've had. I have yet to try their fluffy snow and was going to ask for a sample but it got busy and I never got a chance. Prices are about on par with other boba joints (i.e. kinda expensive).
5	I'm usually in & out! I Love my Boba! only place in Summerlin I trust with by boba. Always very clean when I go it, they have the VIP reward cards which I am all about. People are always really nice so that's good. no complains what so ever.& they have the extra size of boba which makes everything that much better!When I go, I usually make a boba run for work so I'm ordering like 5 drinks at once & I never have a complain at work. Although they do not have my favorite "berry" drink, I'm pleased with Taro.Suggestion box? Raspberry, Blueberry, & Strawberry smoothie!
1	Tried this place out for the first time yesterday since the hubby was craving boba, and it was the closest one on our way home. I got the honey lemon tea, while he got the strawberry tea. My drink okay, not overly sweet, and had a hint of a rosy aftertaste, probably from the tea. His tea, however, sucked pretty badly. First they got his order wrong and gave him a strawberry milk tea. It would have been okay had his drink tasted good, but it tasted terrible. Despite him not wanting to, I forced him to take it back since it was their mistake anyway. They finally gave him his strawberry tea, but to his disappointment, it tasted like faucet water with an over abundance of sweetener. It was so bad that he threw his drink away after only a couple of sips. Maybe it's just us since we are used to the quality of tea we get at QQ boba in henderson, but this place really isn't worth coming back to.
