4	This place has a very nice, friendly atmosphere.  You can go alone and still feel comfortable enough to enjoy your lunch or dinner.  It's a great hideaway place for me since i live close by.  Definitely a great place for us Japanese to hang out and meet new friends.  Even if you don't know much about Japanese food other than sushi, people there are very nice and will smoothly introduce you to real japanese food! Real Japanese food are cheap!
5	Went back for New Year's dishes (Osechi, I think $30?) and it was awesome!  The best Osechi I had in the US.  I don't know how long they will have this special dish...usually the restaurants don't serve this.  If you want to try it, hurry up and get there fast!
5	Miko's is a curious blend of comfort food and fine dining.  You can come here for some rib-sticking cheap eats, like the shoyu ramen (delicious piece of pork) or the katsu curry.  Or you can get some really terrific fancy food, like the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno, or the misobutter black cod.  The Korean kalbi short ribs are terrific.  The tuna sliders are really interesting, the greasiness of a slider combined with the clean taste of tuna.  The sashimi combination was very good, with nice thick cuts of fish.  The ice cream tempura makes for a very nice nightcap.  Miko's is Japanese owned and operated, so I know they will stay authentic.
4	What a pleasant surprise!  Found Miko's tonight.  Story is, MIko and her husband Greg lived in SF, never operated a restaurant before -- moved to Vegas and after 5 years here, decided that their search for good tempura was futile.  They should do it themselves -- so Miko's was born.  And their tempura is yummy -- but so are the kalbi -- the sushi rolls we tried (Caliente and Fire Roll were our favs) -- oh and the agedashi tofu was amazing.  We shared some unfiltered sake and both got kirin (which is now on tap).  UNLV students -- please note - they serve 1/2 off beer and hot sake after 10.  Greg informed me that their karaoke machine is on the fritz at the moment, but they tend to have 3 separate demand generators:  lunch -- for the I've only got 30 minutes, gimme my tempura chcken crowd; familiy dinner with the kids crowd, and then the industry folk who begin to arrive around 10.  They're open late -- the food's good, the service is lovely.  Chi (probably not spelled right) has the energy and spunk for which she's named.  Miko is lovely and hospitable and very very interested in getting to know her customers.  The chefs are accommodating and friendly as well.  The interior  - despite the bright yellow walls -- is pretty sterile and simple, but the counter is fun and interesting and you can watch the full line.  They're not super crowded like Ichiza -- but that's location, too.  Off the 215 going southbound, they're in a new strip mall on the right hand side.  I'll definitely go back -
1	I really wanted to like this place as the owner is really nice and it has the potential to be a great neighborhood restaurant. Below are some of the reasons why I will never take myself or my family back to this restaurant.1. Every meal we have eaten there we have been served and never  received individual plates. 3 people sharing a bowl of seawead salad  is not a pretty site.2. I always have ordered the dinners and never have I received the  soup and california rolls. This last trip I mentioned them and the  waitress said "No, I'm sure I brought them". Even after I mentioned it  they were not brought out.3. Plates are not cleared off of the tables. By the end of the meal,  all of the appetizer and sushi plates are all piled up and distracting.4. Dinners are not brought out together. One person is half way done  with dinner while the rest of us wait. Not Good.5. This last trip I was served raw poultry. I was vomiting the next  day at just the thought. After discussing it with the waitress they  never removed the plates and brought us new chopsticks. Yes we had to  eat with dirty chopsticks on dirty plates the rest of the night.
5	Miko's happens to be both my favorite japanese and neighborhood restaurant all rolled into one.  Dining there is a weekly ritual for several reasons.  First and foremost, the food is excellent.  Miko's offers the most extensive cooked food selections, all very reasonably priced.  For example, the yummy and generously portioned hamachi-kama (perfectly broiled yellow-tail collar) set dinner comes with miso soup, salad, rice and four california rolls, all for under 13 bucks.  They also feature the city's best tempura dishes.  Foodies will find daily whiteboard specials delightful as there are many exotic and fresh goodies to be had in sushiland.  The service is excellent and the atmosphere is reminiscent of the Cheers sitcom bar, only Japanese.  The owners are as charming as the warm yellow decor, always looking to get to know their customers.  Miko's is also a great late night hangout with a lively sushi bar.  One visit and you will know why I go as much as I do.
5	If you live anywhere in Las Vegas or Henderson, this place is truly a "find" You will love the food, atmosphere and of course Miko and Greg, the owners.  You will feel like you are in their home for dinner. It's a wonderful relaxing place to go and now let's talk about the food. It's beautiful, fresh and they will make it any way you want. We have tried just about everything on the menu and have to say all of it has always been so delicious. Wish I could say there is one thing that stands out, but I love it all!!We love Mikos because it's like old Las Vegas, when not every restaurant was a chain
5	I stumbled upon Miko's Yesterday evening.  Being raised on Japanese comfort food, cooked by my mother, it was refreshing to find a cozy neighborhood Japanese restaraunt. The service was great! I had ordered the Oyako-don and an order of chicken kaarage to go. I also had an order of the appetizer shtimp tempura and Gyoza while I waited (I was starving) along with a beer.  I actually had a nice conversation with Greg, he told me how he started Miko's. I explained how hard it is to find a "real" japanese restaraunt in my area that doesnt just serve sushi, teriyaki, and tempura only.... I highly recommend Miko's to anyone who loves Japanese "comfort" food. They have great specials, 1/2 price draft Sapporo or Kirin 4pm-7pm is awesome in my book, and the lunch menu is a great deal also. It is refreshing to find a place that offers great food at reasonable prices, with a pleasant staff that makes you feel at home.  I will definately be going back time and time again...
3	Driving down E. Windmill Lane, we couldn't ignore the "izakaya" sign.  Spectacular reviews on yelp gave us the final push to check out this restaurant we've been so curious about. Weekday evening and happy hour has just ended (5 pm to 7 pm), so we're seeing an 'interesting' mix of people hanging out at the sushi bar.Upon seating, it's hard to ignore the menu because there is just so much to go through.  There's the Sushi and Sashimi menu, the "You Pick" Menu that includes Side Orders, the regular a la carte menu, the dinner combination menu, the Vegetarian menu, and the beverage menus.After some careful perusing, we decided to go with items from the You "Pick" Menu, Pick 3 - $15.95; Pick 4 - $19.95; Pick 5 - $24.95.  The waiter suggested we do the Pick 4 since we planned on ordering other things as well.* Wafu Yakiniku "Tender sliced beef with Miko's special sauce." - Steaming plate of tender and juicy pieces of beef.  Pretty good.* Shishamo "Grilled roe capelin" - Four pieces of smelt in this order.* Sashimi "Chef's choice of sliced raw fish" - A nice selection of raw fish, about five large slices.* Oyako-Don "Topped with simmered chicken and egg" - This dish arrived last.  It was a steaming bowl of chicken, onions, and scrambled egg on rice with sauce.  We were too full to enjoy this, so we packed it for home.* Tonkotsu Ramen "Ramen noodles and pork flavored soup.  Served with Miko's Gyoza" ($9.50) - Looking quite pretty with it's hard-boiled egg, fish cake, and vegetable greens floating on top, the soup looked pretty authentic.  However, the tonkatsu wasn't quite what we expected.  We're used to pork cutlet that's been breaded and fried, and this wasn't the case.  There was pork in the soup, but not what we know as tonkatsu.  (Maybe they got the order wrong?)  The gyoza was also a bit different - it's completely deep-fried and looks more like a flattened eggroll than a gyoza. (Update!  Candace C. was so nice to point out that tonkotsu ramen is actually a pork bone broth ramen, so that was our mistake that we were expecting tonkatsu - the deep fried pork cutlets!  See how one letter can change what you're expecting! At least now we know!)* Agedashi Tofu "Fried tofu in special broth" ($3) - The lone block of tofu was more fried than I hoped, and there wasn't much of a broth.  It was more like a light sauce on the bottom.Beyond the food, we couldn't help but notice the dynamics of the staff.  Sure, it definitely seemed like it was bit understaffed as the owner's husband was the waiter and busboy for the evening.  We also noticed one lone sushi chef and a prep cook behind the sushi bar.  The latter two were not the most professional using language like "asshole", etc. from behind the sushi bar and hollering up to the front.  I also found it weird that the girl who was hanging out at the sushi bar when we arrived eventually went behind the sushi bar to help out.  (Maybe she works there?  Her purse and phone were still by her seat.)Service was a bit slacking, only because Miko's husband was responsible for front of the house and he was alone.  We did have to ask for plates, refills, etc.  He did bring us complimentary miso soup though before our meal, which was a nice touch.  Before we left though, he chatted with us a bit and told us more about his wife's restaurant.  Having opened in September of 2008, they were doing quite well.  Then with the struggling economy, they have since expanded their menu to accommodate more diners and their various likings. A 65 year old Japanese chef overseas the kitchen and the recipes are authentic Japanese ones.  However, with the younger staff up front, they do maintain a different image for the younger crowd and dominates this restaurant and has pretty much taken over the sushi bar.I'm torn, I want to like this place for what it stands for and where it came from.  But I was turned off by the antics of the kitchen staff.  When I'm looking for more authentic Japanese home cooked food, this place would be a good consideration.  I think they need to work on getting the food out at the proper times too.
5	We've found the place to go when we're visiting Las Vegas and want to feel at home, Miko's is it. When you've had enough of the buffets or the lines, Miko's is it. The food is authentic and the staff is caring and honest. This combines to make up a place you would easily find in Gardena or Torrance but very hard to find in Las Vegas. The prices are reasonable and the portions are sufficient. We were at our annual basketball tournament and after doing the M Resort Buffet, Blue Man Group and the Outlet Malls, we were ready for a touch of home. That's what Greg and h is wife gave us. We'll make sure we stop by on our next visit. We were staying near the South Point at the Grandview so it was very easy to get to, just take LV Blvd north to Windmill and make a right, go down a mile or so and it is on the left side of the street.
5	I found the place on my phone after seeing a few good reviews. I had just arrived in Vegas, picked up the rental car and wanted to go somewhere nearby to eat that didn't cost too much. This place was it! It seems like this place is mainly for locals and the wandering tourists like me as it's a ways from the Strip and there doesn't seem to be any buses that go by there. This is a nice little restaurant with a good selection of food for good prices. If you're an out of towner and have a rental car, this and other local joints are much better places to eat than whatever's on the Strip. The Strip restaurants may look fancy and flashy, but if you just want good food in a laid back place, come here and to other mom and pop places! Don't just stay on the Strip and get shafted.
5	Hooray for genuine Japanese food in Las Vegas!  This has been bookmarked for quite awhile, and I finally dragged the bf to try something new.  The chefs are Japanese!  The owners are Japanese!!!Service was incredibly attentive.  We had a very sweet waitress and one of the owners reviewing the menu and explaining lots of things.  There are some great specials I have to try next time.  We both had hot green tea - perfect for the chilly night.  The boy got a pick-four combination of short ribs, chicken teriyaki, turkey gyoza (great for non-pork eaters like me!), and kushiyaki (beef on a stick).  He was very hungry when we walked in and very satisfied on the way out!I tried the Makunouchi, a bento box dinner with sashimi, beef teriyaki (and the sauce is very thin and not as sweet as the Americanized, which I definitely enjoyed), burdock root and carrot, fish cake/daikon/carrot/shiitake, shrimp and veggie tempura, and rice.  This is definitely plenty of food.  Both of our dishes came with miso soup.We even got to watch college football on the flat screen, so any place with cfb on screen is a plus.  I was chatting with the owner about uni (which I love and my boyfriend thinks is slimy and malicious to the digestive system) and he explained the three grades of uni then shared the last of his fresh delivery with me.  This was the only time in my life I can say I have had "comped sea urchin."Miko's also boasts an extensive sushi menu, various cooked items for any taste, and a very decent vegetarian menu of sushi and cooked items.  I would be shocked if you couldn't find something you liked here.  I took the pics from my phone so next time I should bring in the camera.I highly recommend this neighborhood Japanese place and will definitely return with friends!UPDATE 2/4/2010: I visited last night and had another great experience.  The owner Greg was very welcoming, and I have a new buddy in Sushi Chef Miya.  I met a regular veg customer and tried the "popeye" roll = spinach inside out roll with thin slices of avocado and pineapple on top.  I also had super fresh and well-marinated saba sushi (see picture), a spicy salmon-avocado handroll, yellowtail sushi, and agedashi tofu.  It was crispy on the outside and soft of the inside.  Delicious!  Customers really feel like family here.  I also had delicious iced green tea.
5	Wow. What a great place. The food is outstanding. Excellent quality and wonderful flavors.I had Tonkotsu Ramen. It was the best Ramen I have ever had outside Tokyo. We tried the "Pick 5" Menu. Every dish was delish. The chef is Japanese and so is the owner. Miko and her husband work there and they are trying the best to make you feel welcome.We ordered among others:- Tempura = 4 1/2 *- Yoshinoyaki Beef = 5 *- Tonkatsu Pork Rice Bowl = 4*- Sashimi = 5 *- Hamachi = 4 1/2*The place is clean, very authentic and the price is decent as well. We will definetly be back!
5	Short version: excellent food, definitely recommended.I've been looking off and on for good Japanese food that doesn't break the bank since I moved to Vegas a year ago, and I've finally found it.I've been there twice this week already and everything has been great.The first night I had katsudon and gyoza. The gyoza is quite nice, and has a turkey filling.  The katsudon was superb - everything cooked just right - nothing overdone, nothing underdone, and tasted just like I've had in Japan.The next night, I had shoyu ramen, which was also excellent. Flavorful broth, good noodles, half a boiled egg, a few slices of beef, those spiral-looking fish cakes I can never remember the name of, and some vegetables.I am definitely looking forward to future visits, and may return to post about more items :)
5	Short version: excellent food, definitely recommended.I've been looking off and on for good Japanese food that doesn't break the bank since I moved to Vegas a year ago, and I've finally found it.I've been there twice this week already and everything has been great.The first night I had katsudon and gyoza. The gyoza is quite nice, and has a turkey filling.  The katsudon was superb - everything cooked just right - nothing overdone, nothing underdone, and tasted just like I've had in Japan.The next night, I had shoyu ramen, which was also excellent. Flavorful broth, good noodles, half a boiled egg, a few slices of beef, those spiral-looking fish cakes I can never remember the name of, and some vegetables.I am definitely looking forward to future visits, and may return to post about more items :) Update: Went there again, tried the takoyakiten, and it was excellent - just a slightly different name for what I'm used to seeing as simply "takoyaki"Grabbed some yum yum sauce to dip them in and was in heaven - it's been way too long since I've had takoyaki :)
2	Since moving from Hawaii, I've been in search of chicken katsu curry CLOSE to that of the Curry House of back home.A friend of mines said their curry was "just like it." Let it be known that I was EXTREMELY excited.I ordered it and MEHHH..........It is not even close to the curry of Curry House =( Granted it's the best out of all the other spots I tried but, still didn't satisfy the "CRAVING."The service was spectacular...the workers are the owners and treat you like family. BUT, and it's a BIG but --- my friend found mold on their salad --- SALAD for crying out loud. How long was it sitting???!AND IT WASN'T ONCE, IT WAS TWICE!!! He returned it the first time, only to see it again in the 2nd salad. Needless to say, he just ate around it :p lol (not even kidding.)
5	This place is slammin.  Prices are reasonable, and the food is awesome.  It sure beats the drive to Chinatown.
5	Hmmm.  Let me see.....If the TV series "Cheers" were ever broadcast in Japan, odds are they would need to rename it to "Miko's".   Essentially that's what I took away from my first experience here. You take the "Cheers" bar and tack on some of the best "real" Japanese eats you can get without a passport and 'boom', you get Miko's. Here is what you can expect on a maiden voyage to Miko's.1. Miko's is Japanesey (is that a word?).  This is a may seem like a no-brainer but you may notice that there are Japanese people working here.  I know!  Maybe it's me but I have found that many of the Japanese places I have frequented in the past rarely have any Japanese people in their employ.  Cool thing at Miko's is that the owner, Greg, he's Japanese. Miko, his wife?, Japanese. Same goes for the sushi chef and the master preparing the hot foods.  Japanese people serving up Japanese cuisine in a Japanese restaurant? Brilliant!2. This place is a Mom and Pop joint. Expect to catch Mom and Pop there greeting customers, serving drinks, bussing tables, etc.   On my first visit Greg the owned had me bellied up to the sushi bar and offered me a beer.  I usually get an Asahi but Greg informed me that he had Kirin on tap.  When I asked if the on tap Kirin was better than the Asahi he replied "You tell me." And he bought me one.  Class act.  The place just has that good vibe that puts you in a good place.  People seem more sociable and on more than one occasion I've been there where an entire bar of strangers suddenly is engaged in conversation and camaraderie. Maybe it's the effect of good food, however I think the great beer and flow of sake has a good bit to do with it as well.3. Japanese Food.  Miko's is not an all you can eat sushi restaurant.  You'll taste that in the quality of the fish, you'll see it in the preparation of the food.  Got something in mind you don't see on the menu? Ask. The masters behind the counter have been plying their trade for a while now.  You want it, they'll make it.  Great sushi is reason enough to make Miko's your home base for raw fish but the great sushi shares it spotlight with a hot foods menu that is equally impressive.So impressive that I have had great internal struggles to see where my food allegiance lies.  Do I fill up on sushi? Or should I abandon the raw in favor of a "Pick 3"? This scenario has occurred more than once. Miko's Hot Menu includes the "Pick" menu.  The most popular being the Pick 3.  The combinations are incredible and to vast to list but here is my pick three.J-Recca's Pick 3First Pick : Unagi KabaYaki Second Pick : Hamachi Kama Third Pick : Salmon Butter Yaki So there ya go.  Miko's. The official haunt of J-Recca. Odds are pretty good if you come late you might catch me at my favorite past time.  Holding up the end of the bar.
5	Wow! This was an incredible dining experience!I've been trying to cut out dairy and meat out of my diet, mainly for health reasons, and have been really noticing a difference in my health! This restaurant was ranked pretty high on happycow.com--one of the largest vegan/vegetarian resource guides on the web. I dragged my best friend and very much a meat eater with me to try Miko's out. Although I have been eating mainly vegetable-focused diet, I could only imagine what vegan Japanese food may be like...and I was not disappointed!If you read the rest of my reviews, you will notice that I am big on decor...and Miko's was definitely lacking in that department. Clean, but rather boring and small. Not many decorations. The restroom was surprisingly clean and lively, however. The service was great, I felt like I was a family member of the owners, as both of them (husband and wife) catered to all of our needs, brought our food, and engaged us in conversation. At first, the menu was very unassuming, and I could only see a few vegetarian, but no vegan food listed. However, once the owner noticed my confusion, he asked if I was vegan/vegetarian, and provided an amazing vegan menu! So much selection! If you are trying to eat macrobiotic, this menu is full of choices! I got the vegan sampler to sample a little bit of everything. It was incredible! Fresh, delicious, and oh-so-flavorful! Don't remember everything that was on the platter, but do know that everything was great. My friend, upon my suggestion, got broiled mackarel. I had a piece, and boy, it was delicious! Just enough sea salt on the crust, so healthful and flavorful! Miso soup was also incredibly flavorful at this location. Hands down, the best I've had in Vegas so far.Although the decor was lacking, I LOVED the food. I'm sure their non-vegetarian options are also excellent, judging by the comments here. This restaurant will definitely be my staple as far as healthy vegan options go--it's excellent! I'm a little surprised that no other vegans/vegetarians commented on the restaurant...when I dined there, seemed like most other tables were occupied by vegans...Either way, highly recommended! One of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time!
5	I found Miko's here on yelp when we were visiting in the inlaws in Vegas. We are from Southern California and spoiled with very fresh fish, so we were a little concerned about the quality of the fish at a small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall. We needn't have been concerned. Miko's is great! The fish was fantastic, the service was excellent and we had a great time. My inlaws live very close to Miko's and now dine there regularly. I can't recommend Miko's enough! Greg, one of the owners I believe, is fantastic!
4	Found this place from Yelp (yay!) under "vegetarian sushi". It just happened to be the closest sushi place between South Point (where I was staying) and the Strip (where I didn't want to be driving at that point). Cute little place with awesome owners who also happened to be our waiters! It's a very small place, but there was hardly anyone there, and when we sat down, the owner basically said, "you've never been here before, huh?" which I thought was really cool. There were some locals there chatting to the sushi chefs - also cool. :)The highlight of Miko's is that they have an ENTIRE menu devoted to vegetarian and vegan sushi. *drools* Basically, anything on the menu had a vegetarian/vegan alternative, something I appreciate very, very much.My partner and I tried a few things: agedashi roll (tofu and veggies), vegetarian Hawaiian roll, tempura, miso soup, and California roll. The flavors of everything we ate were fabulous, the avocado in the rolls was fresh, and the rolls didn't taste "fishy" like at some places. It was also extraordinarily cheap for a sushi place, considering our meal only cost us about $30 for all that. I guess that's fair-priced. The food was great - not the *best* sushi I've ever had, but well worth trying again. It was also awesome that they were open super late, since I didn't get around to eating dinner until 9. ;)
5	Great food, awesome owners and a cool atmosphere. I went on my birthday and since it was the owners birthday as well, his wife (our waitress) shared some of the wonderful red velvet cupcakes she baked for him with my friend and I. The prices are not bad because the food is excellent. I'll be going here again the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Some of the best sushi I've had in Vegas so far. Their sushi menu is limited (has one page instead of the usual 2-3 pages that other sushi places have) but that's because they have many Japanese dishes and entrees on the menu too. Met the owner Greg who's extremely nice and we now look forward to seeing him everytime we go to his restaurant! Will definitely come back to try some of their authentic dinner entrees. Happy Hour from 4-7pm. Greg says if you get there during Happy Hour, the happy hour special is extended throughout the rest of your stay. So you could be there from 5pm til 10pm and it will still be happy hour for you! Awesome!!Hubby and I had:Tempura Roll - excellentJapanese Lasagna Roll - amazing (one of our favorites even though it's Americanized sushi)Spider Roll - Good*Update:This is now my most favorite sushi place in all of Las Vegas! Hubby and I take a weekly Monday trip to Miko's because we crave the food!! We still get the Japanese Lasagna every time and the Tempura Roll - which is my  top favorite roll. Why? It's crispy, hot, has salmon, cream cheese and scallions inside that give it the perfect taste. The Kalbi short ribs are amazing! Try the cold Lychee and Raspberry Sake, they are soo good. Try the Nigori too (unfiltered sake - you can taste the rice!). The Tiger Roll is yummy and the Kiss of Fire, etc! It's all good. I have NOTHING bad to say about this place. I've forgot about Bachi Burger next door and would pick Miko's place over Bachi any day!!!!!!!!!!
1	The Skinny: there are no words to describe the horror (1), service: empty tables, no service.... WTF?(1), Value... lesson learned (1).We went to Miko's izakaya because it's close to the airport and I needed to catch a flight to SF. Seeing all the positive reviews with regards to the ramen, we were psyched to try this place out. We enter into the restaurant and I notice there was one other couple about to leave. Their dishes still had quite a bit of food on them. A portent of what was to come. Being me, seeing that they have an early bird Bento maki special I totally go for it  ($14.50). My hubby orders a tonkotsu ramen that comes with gyoza.The gyoza are more like spring rolls here - some sort of bland meat wrapped in store bought wonton wrappers, deep fried and soggy. I have had many other gyoza before and these would rank in the bottom of the spectrum.The worst part of the bento box was the infamous Hawaiian roll (an insult to Pacific Islanders everywhere). This was the singular, most offensive sushi memory to date. Imagine sushi containing sliced, canned pineapple and cucumber. Top it off with a thin slice of mushy ahi tuna. Then drench it with a Pepto-bismol looking, sweet concoction and dried coconut. A smell, very similar to a cheap sunscreen, wafts through the air as you hone in for your first taste.Yes, it is as unappetizing as it sounds.After that jewel, there was a few different rolls (hot sauce, avocado and pickled vegetables; california roll with artificial crab, anorexic looking inari sushi) which were edible but still not very good. I couldn't eat the accompanying salad because the copious amount of odd creamy dressing. (This place has a thing for creamy dressings!)The chicken teriyaki was mediocre. The meat was certainly not grilled (no char marks on it) and was soaking in yet again, a coyingly, sweet sauce.Overall, I have had bentos for less, with more fish and that tasted way better.The tonkotsu ramen was NOT tonkotsu ramen. The tonkotsu ramen is a ramen with a broth made from the pork marrow, bones and with a small hint of citrus. Because it is made with marrow, the soup is milky in colour and very rich. This ramen was a clear consumme broth and tasted more like shio (salt broth) ramen without a hint of that rich porkiness. I know that they had the correct order because I heard the staff say "tonkotsu" ramen in the kitchen. The bbq pork in the ramen was very tough, lacking fat content.With regards to the service, we waited a long time for the waitress to come by for the check. It surprised us because we were the only customers in the restaurant. After she took our credit card, she chatted on the phone in Japanese for a least 4-5 minutes prior to returning with the bill.I really wanted to love this place. However my very poor experience makes me unlikely to come back again. If you do decide to brave this place, do not order their early bird special bento box A , Hawaiian rolls or their tonkotsu ramen.
5	What a great place! My wife and I have been in a few times and the sushi rolls are fantastic. Many authentic food choices and excellent service. Greg the owner is a perfect complement to a growing new hotspot. 5 stars all the way!
4	I've always marveled at people who ate sushi, yakisoba etc in Japanese restaurants. Being a vegetarian it's often to find actual entrees to eat in a Japanese place and I get bored with the customary "VEGETABLE ROLL" in every other sushi restaurant. Miko's to the rescue! I discovered this place while I was perusing Happy Cow (the veg website) one morning and immediately (I mean literally the minute after I read the menu I was out of the office) I galloped away to Miko's. From then on, I've been coming here regularly for my Japanese fix. This place has a SEPARATE VEGETARIAN/VEGAN menu!!!!Located quite conveniently in the Windmill/Warm Springs/Gillespie area (my sense of direction as you can tell is awful), this is a small establishment owned by a cute Japanese couple and the chef here is this 80 year old Japanese sushi chef who came out of retirement to cook here. Imagine that! These are the items I love to order:1. Vegetable Salad - I ask them to add tofu for protein. Comes with an out of this world sesame miso dressing. I have been to every grocery store and even tried to home-make the dressing but to no avail. This dressing is really to die for2. Vegetable Tempura - When ordered off the Vegetarian menu, the tempura batter used is eggless. The oil that the tempura is fried is changed often so the taste is fresh and pure. My husband loves the tempura here and cannot leave without getting at least a half order. Crispy and fresh, this is really the best tempura I've had3. Rolls - We love the ladybug roll (avocado, sriracha and some other pickled veggies). The sensation of the heat of the sriracha is so surprising on a roll like this. We also love some other rolls here but I forget their names. Chances are, you won't be disappointed. We order our rolls with soy paper4. Yakisoba - Yum Yum....Full of oil but if you're ready for a splurge go ahead and order this one. Vegetarian yakisoba...mmmm...no complaints at all!5. Ramen - On a cold day (or if you are sick), this is such a feel good meal. Generous helping of noodles (tastes fresh) and onions and sprouts. We add tofu to our ramen. It's so satisfyingThere are so many other amazing dishes here. Our friends who are not vegetarian like their seafood dishes too. Cons of this place: A little on the pricey side esp for vegetarians/vegans as there are no set menus or specials. They are not open during lunch.
5	I found my new sushi joint in henderson.  Greg is the owner and he is so friendly, accommodating, intelligent and well informed about his menu.I had the tempura which was battered to perfection.  Truly great tempura.  I also had hamachi sashimi.  Heaven on earth!The hamachi was fresh, buttery, and soft.  I was told they use the higher grade of hamachi.You must have their gyoza.  Holy cow, the best gyoza in town.  I plan on going back for the gyoza alone.I also had their ramen.  While not the best, it does in a pinch.  The tonkatsu is an amazing broth but, not as thick as a tonkatsu broth should be.  The noodles were a little overcooked and the egg was not a soft boiled egg.Trust me, it won't stop me from ordering ramen again when I have a craving and a limited amount of time.  And you get the gyoza with it which to me is an incredible deal! ramen and gyoza for $9.50And they are vegan friendly which is great when I go out with the lovely vegans in this town.  I plan on trying more sushi and will let you know.
5	Sake-To-Me!Literally! So I should have called Sangeetha to tell her I was coming here, but I just stopped by after a visit to Tokyo Discount...Greg and Miko warmly welcomed me, and when they learned I was engaged, I got cold unfiltered sake on the house!  yum.  My meal consisted of the long-awaited spicy tuna bowl with soft shell crab on top, nimono, and saba sashimi, plus matcha iced tea (surprise, surprise).The bowl: soooo good, fulfilled my cravings.  The soft shell crab was very crispy and tasty, but not greasy at all.  This was served beautifully with cucumbers, masago, lemon slices, and daikon.The nimono: This is basically Japanese comfort food.  Daikon, carrot, potato, taro, fish cake, and maybe burdock cooked in dashi-esque broth.  Warm, soft, delish...The saba: Cured to perfection, delicate but flavorful, cut by the master.  I ate the daikon and the perilla leaf too.The tea and sake: satisfying counterbalances :)and yes, it was packed in there fairly late on a Thursday!Look for an upcoming UYE one of these days, super-vegetarian-friendly!
5	I'm so happy I found this place. All though it is on the other side of town from where I live, it is well worth the trip.They are open till 12am on Friday/Saturday so its a great spot for late night snacking. Since I am vegetarian, I loved that they had a separate menu for vegan/vegetarian options. The menu is great because its not your standard avocado roll or veggie roll.... very unique rolls.The veggie yakisoba noodle dish was so yummy after a night out. My husband absolutely loved it and reminded him of authenticity of his days stationed in Okinawa.I enjoyed the Age tofu roll - crispy fried tofu!Another roll had coconut shavings on top and avocado. It was great with the dipping sauce it came with.The service was also great... he gave us suggestions on what to try next time. Udon noodles are popular and if you ever need a simple meal when you are feeling sick, homemade ramen noodle.Definitely will be back.
5	Short and sweet. Tried it last Saturday and can't wait to go back!  If you're going to eat one thing there, make sure it's the hamachi Kama!  I can't stop drooling while writing this review and remembering my two orders of hamachi Kama
3	The staffs were very friendly and the service were good. This is not why they are getting three stars.Don't get me wrong, I do like there combos (cooked food) and chicken yakisoba but that's about it! Also, we do enjoy their ramen, just a bit on the salty side, but overall, pretty good! However, I DO NOT recommend their sushi! Omg, I think we just had the worst sushi ever!! Well, I can name a few places that were pretty bad but this was up there. We felt like our fish was out all day. Yikes!We ordered the basics, Spicy Tuna, Miko's & another one (I can't remember the name right now). Lets see, the rice was too glutinous and overly packed onto a sushi roll. The fish was warm. The spicy tuna roll should be fairly spicy by itself but this was very mild! Overall, I think we will NEVER order sushi from this place again. If and when we do go back, it will be cooked food only!
3	Ok here we go:First off, I totally came in here based on a review a blogger wrote.  And that wasn't even a detailed review so I was just going to 'guinea pig' it alone.  I don't get many days where I can try some place on my own so I took advantage of being solo to try Miko's.I started off by walking in to a not very crowded small sushi bar.  They were friendly without being ostentatious. (as in yelling something).  I was seated at the sushi bar and proceeded to order.  Seriously, I was kind of glad they didn't all call attention that I was a solo diner.I started off with the edamame of course.  I also ordered a small Sapporo.  I noticed the edamame was cooked in boiling water.. um, as a typical American, why did I think they would use the microwave? Anyways, it came to me nice and warm and salty to tide me over until the rest of my food arrived.  And yeah, I ordered a bit more food than the average female cuz I wanted to try stuff! So there!I ordered the (in English) grilled squid and Tuna Tataki.  The Tuna arrived first. I got to watch them make my dishes.  The Tuna was scorched and sliced and SUPER fresh.  Really people, I am pretty picky about that fishy smell and let me tell you, the Tuna was as fresh as can be.Then I watched the Chef place a cleaned squid on the grill.  He watched it closely as it cooked to perfection.  Not too chewy or slimy.  Just right.  And served with an interesting tangy soy based sauce.  Very nice.  I marinated each squid ring in the sauce and was so appreciative of the subtle flavor of the sauce as it did not overwhelm the fresh flavor of the squid. (and I am really hoping you guys can handle me calling it squid instead of Calamari)As I talked to the mother and son who were the servers of Miko's (the mother is MIko herself) I realized they were very motivated to keep the integrity of an authentic Japanese pub.  When Miko notified me that her gyoza were her signature dish, I could not resist making an order.  I got to watch the chef cook the gyoza in a simmering water bath until they were done and then he let the water evaporate until the gyoza could get browned in the oil left in pan.  OMG when it came to me it was a hot steaming dumpling of ground turkey and ginger smelling like Heaven itself!  Along side was a ginger based soy sauce with a tangy rice vinegar base that balanced out the dumpling perfectly.  Part of the attraction was that I had to watch it cooking in front of me and waiting and waiting and waiting which build up my anticipation.I ate about 2 dumplings and took the other 3 to go.  I know my son will enjoy these the day after..who doesn't enjoy leftover gyoza? Really?I ordered the Ichi (something) sushi roll to go for my husband.  He is used to crazy korean style, lots of ingredients, nuevo Americano rolls.  Even though this was more traditional, he enjoyed it immensely.If you are craving some sushi and just want to hop into a quaint Mom and Pop type sushi place, give Miko's a try.  I really do not think you would be disappointed.  I wasn't and believe me, I am one darned picky eater.  I will be back, whether it's by myself or with a few friends (family).
5	Ate there for dinner on Sunday to check out their vegetarian options.  We're so lucky we did.  We had regular and vegetarian sushi.  The regular sushi were fresh and tastes good.  My partner had the vegetarian sushi.  It was so good that he didn't want to share!  The service was good and seems like they have regulars who come there all the time.  We will definitely go back there to try new sushis.
5	This is definitely my new go to place for sushi.  We went to SushiMon earlier this month and was sorely disappointed.  Miko's just has better ambiance and SOOOO much cleaner.  Miko's also have that nice family owned feel.  When we entered, Miko thanked us for our review on Yelp and gave us a free appetizer.  You don't get personal service like that in chain restaurants  We ordered the same sushis and added tempura for an appetizer.  My partner doesn't like many restaurants' tempura batters, but he actually commented he loved Miko's.  Our sushi were prepared with fresh ingredients and they are scrumptious.  I just think Miko's is just much better than SushiMon in every way.  Clean, fresh food, awesome service, and a nice ambience, Miko's is just over all a good experience.  If you are debating to go to a nice sushi restaurant and live in the south side of town, Miko's is your best bet.  We will definitely come back for more.
4	Okay this was probably the wrong way to go for trying a new place, but I ordered to go since I was in the neighborhood. I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and the Miso Ramen. I was surprised how busy it was on a Tuesday night. I had called ahead to place the order so that it would be ready after I was done with my pilates. I was a lil early so they didn't have it ready. I waited for 10 minutes and then I made my 20 minute journey home. Their to go containers....not so good for soup....luckily they did double bag it so it just spilled into the bag, but I lost a lot of broth for the tonkotsu ramen. Now for the verdict.....I liked the Tonkotsu Ramen over the Miso Ramen....the boyfriend was the complete opposite. The tonkotsu broth was creamy, but not as creamy as it could be.  The miso broth I felt was salty and not sweet? The pork was thicker but it was a bit harder to chew through. It comes with gyoza and a half a hard boiled egg and for $9.50 that is not a bad deal at all! Overall, it was delicious and I will be making a stop here after pilates.
4	You'll go gaga for the gyoza at Miko's Izakaya Sushi and Tapanese restaurant on Blue Diamond and Windmill. The hospitable owner of the restaurant makes them herself, surprising you by using turkey rather than pork. I'm doubtful that turkey is traditionally used in gyoza, but Miko made me think that it must be so I guarantee you won't miss the oink one bit. The flavors of the meaty morsels were clean with mild accents of ginger and soy, and the chewy noodle exterior reminded me more of thick flat Chinese noodles than wonton wrappers. The friendly old man in her culinary team of four steamed and crisped them for me, then served them with a soy dipping sauce. I'll be back for these very soon ($5).The gyoza aren't the only redeeming dish on the menu by any means. The thick slices of hamachi I ordered were expertly cut by the seasoned sushi chef (he's worked in some noteworthy places and used to write a sushi blog) and imbued with that subtle, delicate fish flavor you want from your sashimi. Since I was by myself I loved that I could order it in a mini portion of it - three beautifully garnished perfect pieces ($5.25).I completed my sampling with an order of lightly battered shrimp and vegetable tempura ($5) that were served with a dashi broth rivaling that of Raku. The portion was large for the price and I the combination of veggies accompanying the shrimp were more flavorful and prepared better than at other places offering the same thing.Everything I had made me want to come back to try more of her creations, and it's certainly a place you can eat well at on a budget. They offer half orders of all their rolls that start at $3.75, appetizer portions of many items, and, if you get there before seven you can take advantage of half price sake and Japanese beers on tap.
4	The "izakaya" sign really stands out. I'm so excited to get there and see what they have to offer. The place is kind of small. They have like 4 separate menus. I still never understand why would people put their menu separately. Do you really want to hold 4 different menus in your hand?Their vegan menu is quite impressive, even though I didn't get to try any of their vegetarian food, but I will definitely come here to try it if I'm a vegan. While I'm looking at their appetizers, I thought they have a pretty good selections of appetizers. The price is pretty normal for izakaya, the amount you get is pretty good as well. But when I'm looking at their ala carte menu, I kind of feel a little bit expensive, especially for a small place like this. Their combination dinner is a better value. It almost seems like they don't want you to order the single entree, seems like they want the customer to order the combination dinner.  After looking at the menu for 15 minutes, I finally go for their Chirashi special. It's $15.95, the chirashi bowl comes with tempura on the side. The owner is nice enough to let me substitute the the tempura with soft shell crab. Sounds like a pretty good deal. But actually I'm not that impressed. I'm supposed to get 4-5 pieces tempura (based on the picture), instead I get a small soft shell crab as a substitute. I asked for the substitute, so can't really complain about it. The fish is fresh, but I wish it would have more than that. I've had a chirashi bowl in the past that is more than just 5-6 type of fish put on top of a sushi rice. The soft shell crab itself is pretty good, I wish they didn't put the sweet teriyaki-like sauce on it though. It was pretty small, but maybe it's part of the deal. Overall is a good experience. The entree is a little expensive for a small restaurant. It wouldn't feel expensive if it's a fine dining restaurant, but it's not. Will i be back? Yes. But I won't be too crazy if someone inviting me to go there. Food taste & quality - 4 starsValue - 2 starsCustomer service - 5 starsAtmosphere - 3 stars. It definitely has the potential to be a 5 stars restaurant. It only have a little things to be fixed. But for now I will give it a 3.5 stars, round up to 4 stars.
4	5 stars for their fried oysters! I think I'm addicted to them now. They have a cripsy outer shell and the oyster is so moist inside and the juices just kind of explode in your mouth! Delicious!!!!!!!I tried the Miko's roll last night.....not a big fan of their sushi. The sushi rice was way too vinegary and the seaweed was so tough that I could barely break through with my chompers. Overall, I still heart Miko's....just not for their sushi.
3	the full veg menu is pretty cool. its a little on the pricey side but the rolls are decent enough sized (on average about 10 a roll). the customer service is stellar and its low key. it makes for a nice 'once and while" place but only because of the price. my extremely picky family will eat here. so that kind of a big deal.
4	I love how vegan-friendly this place is!! REAL sushi roll options (not just boring old cucumber or avocado).  Agedashi tofu without those pesky bonito flakes.  Yakisoba, mmm.  And egg-free tempura.  Kimpira! My problem when I go here is that I want to order EVERYTHING.  Everything is so good and reasonably priced.  I am partial to the age tofu roll, and I will swoon over the tempura.  You really can't go wrong.  Check for the veggie special of the day!
5	We ordered the fried oysters, edaname, agedashi tofu , catapillar roll, spicy tuna for apps.  Fried oysters crispy and had a good fresh taste, did not care for the sauce that came w/ it, would rather have a lighter sauce(ponzu) edaname was a little different they sprinkle w salt n pepper , nice touch. The agedashi tofu was really good , with a nice light sweet shoyu sauce . The sushi rolls were good the rice was not too sweet or mushy ingredients fresh. I wish the spicy tuna was a little more spicy.           I also had the tonkutsu ramen the broth was clean , fresh tasting with a nice pork flavor . The noodles were perfect had a nice texture an chew. The ramen also had bamboo shoots,hard boiled egg and kamaboko and couple pieces of roast pork. Wife had the shoyu ramen , I had a taste of the broth very good , both ramens came w/ turkey gyoza first for me very good.  The shrimp tempura looked so good we had to order some for dessert lol.  Shrimp did not disapoint us, it was very good w/ nice tempura sauce. Service was efficient and very friendly, found out after our meal our server was also the owner Greg very nice guy. I can see why people come back , so will we .
3	I found this place through Yelp as I was planning three summer trips to Vegas.  Based on the nearly-5 star rating, I told myself I HAVE to work my itinerary around to be able to try this place.My party arrived on a Friday September early evening and the place was nearly empty.  Considering the fact that we arrived on an early summer evening, the service was not A+ but maybe more of a B-.  A middle-aged gentleman (Miko's husband?) served us and could tell right off the bat that we were visiting from out of town.  And maybe that's why he didn't deliver that 5-star service.  Anyway, we ordered early bird specials, sashimi and sushi and we really were not impressed with taste, freshness or quality of service.  This place did not strike me as extraordinary.  I was NOT impressed by Miko's Izakaya's quality, taste or service.   Maybe I'm used to the multitude and variety of Japanese restaurants and izakayas in LA.  And based on the majority of Miko's reviews, it's according to Vegas locals' standards.  At least I can now understand why Miko's can be a 4-or-5-star restaurant based on Vegas standards.  So if you come from a major metropolitan area with plenty of choices in terms of Japanese fare , I would say DON'T BOTHER.
5	Really don't want too many people knowing about this place, that way when I'm craving some great Japanese food, I'll be able to get a seat. Really, it's great food! I have had really good ramen with some solid flavors like this place, having lived in Hawaii, but since we left the islands, haven't found too many places that satisfied all of my cravings until now. We started off with the edaname, it was sprinkled with salt & pepper which was unique and added to the flavors. I like a good sprinkle of pepper on just about everything. We also tried the fried tofu, two types of sushi, spicy tuna and the caterpillar roll. All of these were great choices. I love my spicy tuna SPICY, and this was mild but still good taste. We both got ramen, I had the shoyu ramen, and was pleased with the looks as well as the taste. I will enjoy coming back as the weather gets colder for a big bowl of hot ramen, and this will be top choice for me. As an after thought, we wanted to try the tempura, so we put in an order, kinda after we had finished our meals, it was hot and cooked perfect. I guess I didn't realize how much I missed eating this type of food, since moving to Vegas, there are so many other places to try, it was a really good choice and will definitely be again.
4	A little off the strip but that's definatley their appeal, an escape from the overpriced resturants. Exceptional service from the friendly staff who made you feel welcomed from the time you open the door. Ordered the sashimi dinner and was pleased to how fresh everything tastes!
4	A small quiet sushi house in a strip mall.  This place has good ratings for a reason.We came in early and it was very still and quiet.  As the evening wore on, the tables filled until there wasn't a spot in the place open.The staff (assume the owners) were very friendly and attentive.  We were friends catching up and they left us alone but were also making sure we were taken care of.We had the edamame (perfect), the tempura (very good), Kirin (always delicious), a couple of spicy tuna selections, and the miso soup.  Everything was better than expected.I tried the sake (not to my liking but i don't care for it much anyway) and the green tea ice cream (yummy).
5	A friend and I went to Miko's on Friday night. The place was very busy (a good sign!) so we sat at the bar. We had 3 rolls, some sushi a la carte, and agadashi tofu. I must say it was the best agadashi tofu I've ever eaten. The sushi was delicious and very fresh. Despite being busy, they were nice and welcoming. They made sure that although the restaurant was busy and the sushi chef was very busy, we always had something in front of us to eat. We got our sushi in 2 stages. I appreciated this: we didn't have to wait long to get something to eat!
5	OMG! I love this place! It was so good I decided to sign up for Yelp:) Seriously, they have a master sushi chef that is amazing. Couldn't find anything wrong with the sushi. Tako is my favorite and this place prepares it perfectly!!! Not chewy at all. The shoyu ramen is just like Hawaii's saimen, YUM! Spicy tuna- very yummy. The curry is pretty good, almost like CoCo's. All the appetizers are great. This is a great little place run by a couple that is very very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently good.
3	Sushi and Sashimi.....nothing special...You can pick meun...lots of choice(even you can pick hamachi kama)....good.I wnat to give good point for Gyoza(potsticker).But I hope they're hire at least one more server. I heard complaining about this problem a lot.Yes they did their best but still we have to wait and wait for get water, hot tea, ponzu sauce, ginger & wasabi...etc.If they do good service I'll be back but otherwise I do not want to drive to get there for waiting my food.
5	Freshest fish in Vegas!! I've tried most of the sushi places out here from north las Vegas to Henderson. I wasn't expecting to find anything great this far out of town, but I was pleasantly surprised by Miko's. I thought I'd have to settle for decent, although still pretty tasty, sushi here in the valley, after living between California and the pacific northwest most of my life... But Miko's is amazing. Even the uni was great and I'm picky with that. My favorite is the spicy tuna (with tuna on top if the chef is feeling generous ;)). They have a great happy hour as well as great drinks. Draft sapporo beer and the draft sake were my favorites. The staff consists of only a few people which is why they're not open all day. I cannot praise this restaurant enough. I don't think I can eat sushi anywhere else now. Amazing food and generous staff. Definitely worth the drive no matter where you live
5	I recently had my first experience at Miko's and I must say that it was a pleasurable one. In a city of chaos, Greg the owner, was a breath of fresh air. He was sooo kind and courteous. I was also impressed with his level of concern for my being a vegetarian. Their vegetarian menu was vast and they were extremely accommodating to any of my needs. Being a vegetarian we become vegetable connoisseurs and Greg's veggies tasted market fresh. All of his dishes and recommendations were spot on, nothing to over-powering and everything made sense on the palette. I will return to support the gentle and mild mannered Greg and his fine establishment. Namaste.
5	Sushi chef, kitchen chef, even waitress are Japanese! Wow. Can't get any more authentic (though they offer typical Americanized Japanese menu too)And price is sooooo cheap! I'm so used to spend $60 at Japanese place I was happy to see my bill, most of appt were $4 range, wow wow!!Love this place, perfect place to dine before catching a flight, especially red eye. Seeya!
5	Excellent sushi! Great, friendly people working there too.  Loved it.
5	My husband and I love Miko's. The owners, Greg and Miko, are wonderful, kind, and attentive. The sushi is exceptionally fresh. They usually have interesting specials and the uni and oysters are always good. We've been taking our 1 1/2yr old to this neighborhood restaurant since he was only a couple months old, and he likes it as much as we do. His favorite menu item is the turkey gyoza.
5	Love the food. Very authentic and high quality. Greg and Miko are fabulous. FIVE STARS!!!
5	OMG!!  We drove into Vegas from Altadena and couldn't wait to get to Miko's.  The place is casual and comfortable.  The food is great!  We had the most amazing scallops I have ever eaten--imagine eating a little scallop cloud!  Lovely.  Then there are the gyoza...I am salivating thinking about them! Truly homemade with love.  The tempura was great.  We had a noodle and chicken dish that I can only describe as awesome!  Flavor galore!  You cannot miss at Miko's.  The owners are wonderful and the staff is attentive.  We can't wait to go back, I wish I lived in Vegas!
5	Amazing sushi! Truly delicious and affordable. The owner was really really nice, and gave me a nice gift for my birthday while dining. Try the sushi combo and Japanese lasagna roll!
5	It's tough to find quality Vegan food when you don't know the area. Came to Vegas on business. Googled Vegan Las Vegas and this came up as one of the choices.  It was awesome!!  The family atmosphere, the very friendly service and the best vegan sushi I have ever had.
5	Wow! This place is delicious. I read the reviews and decided to give them a try, I was not disappointed. For the appetizer I had Dynamite, which probably got its name because it will have you screaming like Jimmy Walker after your first bite.  Dynamite is scallops baked.with mushrooms and carmelized onions, and I think some cream of mushroom sauce. Than it's topped with avocado and I think eel sauce (there's no eel in eel sauce, but its used to top eel. Think teriyaki sauce only thicker). It was so good I wish I had ordered some rice to soak up the sauces.Next up for my entree was katsudon, a famous Japanese dish. In Japan its custom to have this dish before a big test because the word Katsu means "to win".  Basically its a bowl of rice topped with a breaded and fried pork cutlet, an egg, onions, and chopped spring onion. There's some spices in their too that really make the dish. Charlie Sheen must be eating this stuff every night because its a "winning" dish.The meal came with miso soup and some salad, nothing special, but good. They also serve some salted edemame. Needless to say I was stuffed when I left.The service was excellent and very friendly. The women that work there are very sweet and have those adorable Japanese accents. It's really cute because when you leave you hear them all say thank you, first the waitress, than the woman at the register, and some other tiny voice way in back from a girl I didn't see. Than the sushi chef said goodbye in his deep voice. I almost felt like I was in Japan.Miko's is right next to Bachi Burger, a really excellent Japanese burger place I also recommend, but if you're in the mood for a more traditional Japanese meal please give Miko's a try. They also have sushi, but I haven't tried it yet. If its the same quality as their dinners I'm sure its top rate stuff. Thank you for reading.
3	One night Bachi Burger had a 30 min. wait and we were hungry so Miko's in the same parking lot was winking at us and we decided to flirt back...-Miso Soup - Standard-Turkey gyoza - good, you don't even miss the pork-Japanese Lasagna - Umm, OK we order Japanese Lasagna everywhere and this one just didn't do it for us....-House Salad - Good Dressing-Chicken Yakitori - OK as well but could have been more seasoned- Kaiten Roll - This roll had shrimp tempura,cucumber,kanikama,avocado and topped with eel sauce- This roll was just OK for us as well- -Yakisoba - The child wanted it plain with no veggies or meat-just noodles- I tried it and this was good-I'd order this dish with the veggies/meat.All in all our visit was OK - we weren't blown away by anything but I do want to come back and try the ramen and beef bowls....Would like this place to open for lunch....***On a side note- When we walked in we noticed that there was a large table all set up with a reserved sign on it - this table looked like it seated about 20- They were also about 5 sushi chefs working and it wasn't for us 3 or the party of 4 seated already either....Well, at the end of our meal a call comes in and the large party cancels...I felt so bad watching them clear off the table and send 4 sushi chefs home - If you are going to reserve for a large party like that consider that these small buisnesses call in extra people to work to accomodate you***
3	This place turned out to be pretty mediocre, nothing to drop your jaws about.  I got the agedashi tofu from reading some of the reviews below but it turned out to just be average.  What saved the day for me was the beef tataki.  Most items here are overpriced and average.  Dont be expecting some variation of ichiza or raku here, this place feels like an average sushi joint.
5	I was alone and hungry one day and I decided to stop by Miko's to eat for the very first time. I just wanted to try it out, no expectations. I ordered their spicy yellowtail bowl (sushi bowls are usually my measuring sticks for rating Japanese places). I was blown away. The sushi cuts were bright, fresh, and wholesome and the rice was prepared in a special way, having a unique taste to it. And it was all presented in a beautiful bowl. I then noticed the entire staff was Japanese. From this first experience, I knew this place was different.  I've been to many Japanese places around town over the years, and Miko's stands out. All other Japanese places seemed to be just carbon copies of each other, and they lack some kind of labor of love that Miko's has. They aim to be a comfortable local place with quality food that is fresh and authentic. The tuna is dark crimson RED, not disgustingly pink like in most sushi places. They have a chef's special menu that changes periodically (the seasonal oysters were amazing, and I hate oysters). There's even a vegetarian menu. Greg, the owner, makes sure that they serve the best of everything in reasonable amounts and prices, from sake to ice cream. I always admired the modest passion for detail and quality in this place.From the presentation to the taste, to the wonderful personalities of Greg and Miko, this place has become a common stomping ground for me for the past year. I've come to know them well now, and I believe their passion for their business shows in their food as well as in their personalities. It's difficult for me to go to other Japanese places because Miko's set the bar quite high. I've been recommending this place to others over time, and will continue to do so.
3	Miko's was the first stop on our drive entering Las Vegas from the Bay Area.  We wanted to check it out because it got 4-stars on Yelp and a lot of yelper's raved about it.  Who knew that their experience would differ from mine.Although the people of Miko's is as nice as anyone can be, I was kind of disappointed with the food we ordered, namely the sushi.  We should have figured since this place is called an "Izakaya" and not a "Sushi House".  The rice for the sushi wasn't of high quality.  It was terribly starchy and tough.  My Uni Sushi didn't look right either.  I was hesitant to eat it but I did and it wasn't bad.  The sushi here is just OK.As for the things I like about Miko's, well the Izakaya, the small portions of goodness that saved my experience at this restaurant.  Order the specials also.  They seem to do those pretty well.  The Salmon Collar was done perfectly.  I also liked the Miso Ramen.  When I go back to Miko's it will definitely be for appetizers, specials, and this gyoza I've been reading about.  This place can be a 5-star restaurant if it chooses to serve up the small plates of goodness only.I hope though that when I do come back to Miko's that their sushi rice changes so I can reevaluate my review.  I was close to giving this place 4-stars because the people are so nice, but I couldn't live with myself if my review wasn't an honest one.Review Update TBD...
3	Their vegetarian dishes are plentiful, and you get a good amount with them (I ordered something akin to chow mein with stir-fried vegetables, and I couldn't finish half of it because they gave me so much!)Their menu has some interesting items as far as combination and stir-fry plates go. As for the sushi (sashimi and traditional sushi pieces), I have to admit they are a little pricey, and there is cheaper sushi to be found elsewhere. They do feature special plates with combinations of different sushi pieces, but like I said, there are definitely better deals elsewhere in town than here. Overall, the plate that I had was delicious. I went after work during the later hours of the night, and since the place was nearly vacant, I didn't have a problem with getting my food quickly. The service was nice and friendly, and do expect a little of the "shogun" attitude here and there. I will definitely have to return to try other things!
5	Sitting here loving my meal! Just had amazing soft shell crab! So delicious! Can't wait to taste the yaki sobs and salmon collar. I can't recommend this place highly enough.  Get here!
5	Miko and Greg are always the most gracious hosts. The food is as traditional as I can imagine. A full vegetarian menu. The freshness of the fish at Miko's is one of if not the best in town. Definitely our preferred sushi establishment.
5	I've been meaning to write a review just hadn't gotten around to it until now. I'm a frequent visitor to Izakaya, usually with my group of friends. I've tried a few things on their menu and I've enjoyed every one I tasted. My favorite dish has to be the tuna sushi bowl. The curry is also a great choice when it is available. Their hawaiian roll has an interesting flavor and I loved it. I'm determined to try all their rolls. I highly recommend finishing off the meal with the green tea ice cream. The staff is great and very friendly. And Greg's a great host. Be sure to watch out for their specials too! It's always nice to drop by for a meal at Miko's
5	My new favorite sushi spot.  The quality of the fish is as good as any place in town.  The owners are extremely friendly and service is always excellent.  This is one of the few sushi restaurants in Vegas that is Japanese owned and has a Japanese sushi chef, and they are clearly very proud of their Japanese heritage and it shows in the quality of the food.  The homemade gyoza is the best I've ever had, and some of their other dishes (such as the beef tongue) are far better than you'd ever expect to find in a sushi restaurant.That said, this is a place for people who love Japanese sushi - not American rolls.  There are other sushi restaurants that will sell you rolls cheaper than Miko's does, because they use lower-quality fish.  The truth is there's no point in using quality fish if you're just going to stuff it in a roll and cover it in a bunch of sauces.  Miko's is very reasonably priced compared to other sushi restaurants that offer the same caliber of sushi.
3	I had to try Miko's a second time before writing my review because I've heard such great things about this place I didn't want to base my review on a bad first experience.First visit - Met a couple friends here for dinner at about 8pm on a Friday night. This place was jammed packed! My friends already had a table but service from that point on was all downhill. I ordered the Salmon shioyaki which not only took about 30-40 mins to arrive, towards the end of my waiting, the waitress comes out and says they are out of salmon, is salmon kama (similar to hamachi kama but salmon) okay? I said that fine.  Although, kama is a delicacy and I love it at AYCE sushi.. I was pretty pissed that I was paying $13 for a not so great part of the fish. This part is not very meaty at all. The bf though really enjoyed his spicy ahi bowl. I decided I do not want to write a review based off this experience since it was crazy busy.Second Visit - Returned with the boyfriend for dinner on a Sunday evening, hoping it was not as busy as the last time. It was quiet not too busy. This time I order the small salmon sashimi which was only $5 or so for quite a few pieces! So ono and came with shredded daikon.. yum! I also ordered the shrimp tempura w/veggies. It was nice and crispy and I loved the assortment of veggies which included lotus root (never tried that before!). Second time, service was mediocre.. I think they were training a new lady who tried but I didn't think she was very efficient nor friendly. She forgot to bring us chopsticks which we had to wait with our food in front of us! Talk about torture!! OH one good thing.. happy hour everyday! Overall, I will be back although I haven't had an AWESOME WTF OMFG experience. Maybe I put them too high on a steeple and was disappointed since it did not live up to it. I'll be back for sure.
2	The Sushi was delicious. The service couldn't have been worse. We were served by the owner, and he couldn't have been ruder if he tried. He rushed us, insulted us, and didn't bring all of us our food. Maybe he was just having a bad day. I know that happens. He just ruined a very special occasion we chose to have at his restaurant.
5	Great for vegans, as they have a special vegan menu.  Everything was good, including sushi, tempura and stir-fried noodles.  Immaculately clean with a nice, intelligent staff.  If I lived in Vegas I would be a repeat customer.
4	Off the beaten path in a small strip mall is a fairly decent sushi bar that allows for a customizable sushi bar experience.You can get half orders of rolls and sushi unlike other sushi bars I've been to.Good selection of Japanese beer on tap served extremely cold and a good variety of sake.PS:For some reason or another,this place seems to be crawling with great looking babes.In a sushi bar?Kind of like discovering the love of your life is a Rush fan.Go figure.
5	The quality of the fish is excellent, the owners are extremely friendly and service is always great.  This is one of the few sushi restaurants in Vegas that is Japanese owned and has a Japanese sushi chef.   If you like spicy tuna (really spicy) the Poke is must try, I order it everytime I come in.   Nice that you can order half rolls and they offer fresh wasabi.
4	This is an affordable sushi place with tons of flavor. It also has a regular menu for non-sushi eaters.
5	So almost a year has gone by and this place is STILL my favorite japanese restaurant! Oh they had a special for a Giant oyster a fews back...OMG it was! yummy! It is only available for a few weeks out of the year:( Food is always awesome! Everything is good! I love this place!
2	Eeeehhh... I wasn't impressed. The rolls were plain and simple, I think I've had tastier rolls at the grocery store. Place is small. Service is ok.
5	You know the kind of meal that lingers on your tongue and you never want to eat again because you want that taste forever?This is the real deal. I've been coming here for the ramen and loving it for a long time. But tonight, I put myself in Greg (owner)'s hands and let him pick some stuff.ZOMG! Seriously,t his was one of the best meals I've ever had. I'd put this place up against Nobu in a heartbeat, but the price is about 1/3 less.I was adventurous tonight and ate things I might not normally eat. Greg (owner) chooses fish based on season. He's closed on Monday because he doesn't want to serve old fish. And not all of his selections can be obtained at any old time.Right now, monkfish liver is in season. I was a little scared but willing to try. The taste was like the ocean but not salty. Like lazing in an ocean inlet. The flavors were relaxing, not inyerface. Very clean. Hints of butter and ocean. This is a winter seasonal dish and it's delightful.Another delight was the halibut sushi....sliced very thin. Long plush finish. I didn't want to finish my sake because I didn't want the taste to leave my mouth, ever.Kampachi sushi, so clean that even pregnant women can eat it due to near zero (or zero) mercury levels, danced on my palette. The sushi chef is 3rd generation and takes pride in picking only the best fish.The owner and staff take great pride in their food. And this is as it should be. If you can do it, give the owner your budget, your hunger level, and tell him if you have any food allergies. Then let him delight you. You won't be disappointed!ETA: Dare I suggest that if you don't like the food here, perhaps you're ordering the wrong thing. This is a Japanese restaurant run by Japanese people. The best food on the menu is Japanese food. All those weird combo rolls? Those are American....or maybe arguably Korean. Get those in a Korean run Japanese restaurant. Here? Stick with the authentic menu and be authentically delighted. Just came back from stuffing myself with hamachi kama, best miso soup I've ever had, todiefor albacore sashimi, on and on. Yum! If I die with these tastes on my mouth, I die a bit happier.
5	Five stars!  Delicious Nigiri sushi - especially  the hirame, which was heaven!   The sukiyaki was beautifully prepared, as well.  I am so thankful to have at least one authentic Japanese restaurant on this side of town!
5	LUV x 1000 + 1.After seeing some reviews about this place being veg-friendly, I made the trip to the complete opposite end of town to try Miko's.  As much as it pains me to say it, it's a good thing Miko's is so far.... I would end up huge from eating their noodles every single day.My husband and I sat down, and we were first asked if we were vegetarian before we were given menus.  A separate menu just for vegetarians!  And it was enormous!  Miko's gets a gold star!After some deliberation, we decided to go for it and order more food than necessary.  We drove all this way, right?  We started off with the Veggie California roll.  I'm not going to lie- I scarfed this thing down so fast that I can't really get into the intricacies of taste... or what was even in the roll for that matter.  I just know that it was yum.  You can have the typical wasabi/ginger/soy combo to dunk your sushi in, but they also served it with a sweet miso sauce that I loved.Next up, we had the Agedashi Tofu.  Out of everything we ate, this one was my least favorite.  The tofu wasn't as crispy as I was expecting and it was a pretty mild dish.  Not bad, just not as much of a "wow" as everything else.My husband ordered the Gomoku-Yaki Udon and LOVED it.  Lots of thick yummy udon noodles covered in a flavorful sauce and served up with fresh veggies.  It was so good, I *might* have forced him to share.  I ordered the Ramen soup (insert the Hallelujah Chorus here).  I finally found a veg-friendly noodle soup bowl that tastes amazing!   Woo hoo!!The Ramen is a gigantic bowl of thin noodles, roasted veggies, and a flavorful broth.  It was so nice to have on a chilly night and super filling.  And at $9.50, it's a steal.My only complaints are that the veggie sushi prices are a little high (I never understand why veggies would cost as much as sushi-quality fish) and that there was a little too much pepper in my Ramen broth.  The restaurant is small and cozy inside and everyone working that night was very friendly and helpful.  We talked to the owner for a while and thanked him for making so many veg-friendly options.  It's definitely a godsend to find a restaurant in this town that goes out of their way for vegetarians like us.I will be back for sure.
5	Came here one cold night in December with a friend, and it was moderately busy, with more than half of the tables full. The place is small, but it's comfortable for a date or a small lunch/dinner party (think 4 people). The specials are written on the whiteboard on the wall behind the chefs, and I DEFINITELY recommend trying everything on it! The owner came over and chatted with us for a bit. This was both me and my friend's first time to the place, and we were asking him questions about what was particularly good that evening. After telling him our orders, we chatted while the food came out, and it was all delicious: not overly seasoned, and really fresh and clean.Miko's is the only place that I've been able to have uni and find it palatable. Scratch that, it wasn't only palatable, it was downright yummy! It didn't taste fishy/briny/like gross pier seawater at all (what I've had uni taste like in the past; yuck!), but slightly sweet. I was VERY impressed! The scallop nigiri was so delicious and fresh-tasting that we ended up ordering seconds. I've never had nigiri so fresh before in my life (granted, I haven't been to Japan either, so there you go). I'd say this was the best sushi experience I've ever had in Vegas, hands down. The owner even came back after we ordered more scallops and offered us a taste of freshly grated wasabi. If you're used to the green wasabi paste, this is NOTHING like that; so much more concentrated but way, way better! It starts off subtler than the paste before giving you a GIANT KICK of flavor, and then fading away. I'd come back just to taste the wasabi again!Definitely, definitely go to Miko's if you're looking for some of the freshest nigiri in town! We tried other small plates, too, but the nigiri stuck with me the most. I'd come here again, no doubt!
5	If it's soup that you're craving, try the Yosenabe.  This is a light broth with some kind of fish (I had salmon this time), some rice noodles, veggies, oysters, clam, and shrimp.  It's my favorite!!!
4	We went in on a Friday night and waited a few minutes for a table, they were pretty busy. The owner was really nice about it and chatted with us while we waited. And it was totally worth the wait, once we sat down. I had the Yakitori-Don and my date had the Vegetable Yakisoba, and they were both delicious. The portions are big, and we ended up taking plenty home for the next day's lunch.I'll be heading back, as soon as I can. Great food, nice staff, decent atmosphere.
3	3.75 stars.We went twice and the first time was a hit! but the second time was a miss for me. The first time we got their steak and sashimi plate and it was delicious! The fish was fresh and the steak had wonderful Japanese teriyaki-ish flavors to it. The second time we got the pork katsu and sashimi plate again. The katsu was meaty and delicious but the dipping sauce was too soy saucey. There was nothing to balance out the salty sauce and the heaviness of the fried pork. As for the sashimi plate, it was not as fresh and I couldn't stand the taste for some reason so I stopped eating (gasp!). I really like this joint because it's a mom & pop shop and I believe that the food is 99% of the time delicious. The service is great and I believe that my next visit will be good again! Crossing my fingers and stubby toes!
5	My 2 friends and I visited Miko's Izakaya on 2011 NYE.Our decision was based primarily on the previous Yelp reviews and proximity to our location (we were shopping at the LV Blvd Outlets).The restaurant opened at 5pm that day, and Happy Hour was from 5-7pm (alcohol only). We ended up having a round of sake bombs and a couple pitchers of Sapporo beer. We ordered 7 specialty rolls, 3 hand rolls, and a sashimi plate. All were very good, and prices were average.The owner visited our table several times and chatted with us, which was very nice.He and the waitress were very attentive in every aspect of the dinner, filling our water and cleaning up our mess as we made it (did I mention we had sake bombs at the beginning?).The highlight was the real wasabe that was served with our sushi/sashimi.The owner explained that the green paste you normally see is really powered American horseradish with green food coloring. Real wasabe tastes much different and is pretty awesome.Yesterday, I confirmed that no one really serves real wasabe, primarily due to cost (it's about x7 to x10 more expensive).
4	Solid value, good prices, awesome service.  Don't forget the moochi!
3	Vegetarian ramen is rare - and in Vegas it's super rare, so after hearing a veg friend rave about how good Miko's was we made plans to meet here for dinner.......and when we got there they had a sign on the door saying were closed for the Superbowl. (Really?)  We left sad and ramen-less. I don't want to give them a horrible rating without trying the food so I'm giving Miko's a hopeful three stars for next time.Moral of the story is - call in advance to make sure they're open if there's a major sporting event going on I guess.
5	Milo's has the absolute best and most authentic Japanese food in Las Vegas. Always fresh and always friendly. If they are really busy then you may have to wait for a little bit, but that is the price of authentic and fresh food. The sushi is wonderful and this is one of the few places that serves good natto. Highly recommended.
5	Best in town. We love this place. It's local, sushi is always fresh and they have real and fresh wasabi. Owner is friendly, and so are the customers typically. Fun little place.
5	Got there when it opened. We ordered a miso ramen and shoyu ramen. It was very good. I also had the uni and kampacha tuna. Can't complain. The owner gave me a side of fresh wasabi. Most Japanese restaurant don't even have that. Happy Hour from 5-7. Draft Kirin and Sapporo for $2. Go early cuz they get busy. I would definitely go back to Miko's again.
4	Home is where the yum is.The ramen definitely hits close to my heart, not overdone, not bland, just the right amount of right! A flavor infused nectar, the freshness like suckling from a woman's bosom welcoming you home. Authentic, delightful, flavorful but never boring, done right to appease the buds & excite the senses, portioned well.As with every sushi locale that's visited I must have their spicy tuna first to determine the level of risque of the establishment. Traditional, bold & rich, enough to lure your palate into a craving & fierceness to tell you when you've had enough (either that or my tolerance to burning sensations have diminished).Welcoming & honest, a beautiful synthesis of service & authenticity. A proud owner, friendly, giving, well-paced staff. Where quality is valued & the sex appeal is in the food.OishiNotable mention: happy hour 5-7, definitely looking forward to my next visit & their draft japanese beer.
4	Place is very good traditional Japanese food.  The chicken teriyaki, sukiyaki, and agadashi tofu were very good.  Definitely worth trying this place.
5	I really enjoy an authentic Japanese Izakaya with all their types of food and I was not disappointed by Miko's.1.  Happy Hour - From 5:00-7:00 pm, draft beer is 2.00 per glass/  Sopporo or Kirin.  To me that is a nice deal.2.  Appetizers - Nice selection, however, because we had a large selection of food, we only ordered:Ikageso - Haven't had squid legs like this at is was tender and just right.Gyoza - Turkey, very nice flavor, perfect heat.  Nice.Edamame - We did not order this, but they give it out automatically. Nice and simple.3.  Main course - Came with salad, Miso Soup.  The Miso had a bit of thin vermicelli like noodles. Very nice.Salmon - 7-8 ounces of salmon. Very nice.  Loved the perfectly grilled skin.Sashima - Wow, fresh, tender, and very tasty.  Served with freshly grated wasabi.  Absolutely wonderful.4.  Desserts - Had the Mochi Ice Cream and Fried Banana.  The Mochi Ice cream is awesome.5.  Next time I come back, I am going to order off their specials board.  They have quite a few specials!!!GK says, check it out.
3	So being Japanese, and a flexible Vegetarian.. I was real excited to visit this place because many people said that they had many vegetarian food. It was NOT one of those places that made me want to come back though unfortunately. Just because your food is vegetarian, does not mean that it has to be over priced. I ended up spending much more than my regular spending for japanese food, and leaving the place not so full. I liked their traditional appetizers like Hijiki and Goboo. Their green bean miso was a bit too small, and i think it would taste better with the traditional spinach because the miso sauce can't soak into the green beans.I got a vegetarian roll that cost the same as a roll with fish, and that got me furious because i didn't realize the price until later. (i don't usually look at the price because i'll pay for good food) but a roll with avocado, pineapple, spinach, should be like 5 dollars ut it was 12 dollars and the ingredients aren't even organic so why the high cost?!@#$ My boyfriend ordered the salmon shioyaki which is just plain salmon grilled with light salt. You can't really go wrong with grilled fish, but i didn't like how long it took the company to make it because that was the last thing that came. For dessert we had Japanese cream puffs and fried bananas. Again, you can't go wrong with friend bananas. The Cream Puffs were on the "today's special" so i thought maybe they were the fluffy big ones like the ones in Japan but they were the tiny ones you could probably buy at sams. I know they were japanese because it tasted the same but i didnt' like the whole presentation with just whipped cream... wasn't very attractive and it wasn't anything special.Other than that the service was great and the food tastes overall good. IT just isn't a place for me to want to drive over and eat or crave their food again. Sorry.
5	I still love this mom & pop shop! Two daily specials I loved: Uni and Curry Chicken Katsu. If these items are on the menu, you should get it! The curry is amazing and the chicken katsu is awesome! I like the fact that they use chicken breast and the breading is light yet very crispy. Currently, it's my favorite dish! The uni was fresh and melted in my mouth. As usual, I ordered my raw seafood (this time the Sushi Dinner) and the fish was in good condition and big portions! I shared some pieces with the husband and our friends but it was still a lot! We also tried the Agedashi tofu (so-so), the Gyoza (delicious, homemade dumplings), Yaniku-Don (so-so), and Lychee ice cream (tart but sweet and refreshing, a great way to end your meal). In addition to all the food we ordered, I still loved (and always finish) their complimentary edamame sprinkled with coarse salt, salad (the lettuce is fresh, green, and crisp), and miso soup with tofu and noodles. We also made it to the tail end of happy hour so we were able to get 2 rounds of draft Sapporo and Kirin for only $2.00/pint!Seriously, the curry and chicken katsu was so awesome that I have to give them 5 stars today!
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place! Always very, very friendly and food is so fresh and delicious. Raw salmon is my favorite and it is always excellent. The hospitality here is awesome; they really make you feel welcome. Last time we went, they gave us 2 bottles of champagne after we told them we had just gotten married.  Amazing people, amazing food!
3	This is not an izakaya.  This is a regular Japanese restaurant.  Izakaya typically has high-backed booths, dark-ish lighting, and a robust menu of small plates.  This place was small, completely open, and had standard Japanese food.  Yes, the food was tasty.  Nothing special, but perfectly decent.  I got the katsu-don with chicken katsu instead of pork, and the tempura shrimp roll.  It was fine, but definitely not worth the car ride from the Strip or the 4-star rating on Yelp.  If you're looking for a real Izakaya, look elsewhere
5	Very nice establishment, owner is amazingly friendly and gave great conversation and service, food was recommended by owner and did not disappoint, honestly the locals know about this amazing place and visitors like myself should get away from the strip and give great local places like these a chance. Hands down best I have had in a while and its always nice to see an owner really care about his food, and his customers thanks for a great experience.
1	Just got back from a very frustrating and terrible experience at Miko's. Wifey and I were in town and have had Miko's on our to-eat list for a while because of their vegetarian friendly menu. It took us over 15 minutes before our order was taken. The place wasn't packed, there were a few tables occupied, but nothing outrageous. We had ordered one appetizer (agadashi tofu) and 3 vegetarian rolls. 35 minutes later we were brought a house salad to tide us over. 15 minutes after this we received our agadashi. Another 15 minutes passed before we got our first roll. At this time we attempted to order another roll just because it was taking so long and we didn't want to wait that long. They were out of the roll that wanted and when we tried to order another roll, we were informed that they didn't have avocado and couldn't make us what we wanted. This became a concern as the other two rolls that we ordered were primarily avocado. At this point they brought out our other rolls WITHOUT the avocado. We asked about it and were told that they had run out of avocado. This was over an hour after we initially ordered and I was pissed. They ended up comping the entitre meal, but that was the least they could have done. They ruined our night and our meal. Terrible communication skills.Will NEVER come back.
5	The owner is very knowledgable about foods and let me tell you, THIS IS NOT A VEGAN/VEGITARIAN PLACE.  They do have dishes that are Vegan/Vegitarian, but they do not go out of their way to make foods in separate areas.  They do take their time and will not rush to get food out, they want to ensure you are happy and satisfied.  But if you go in there thinking this is a Vegan/Vegetarian place and expect things to be done special, then I suggest you don't go.The food is AWESOME, the owner is AWESOME and he will accomodate you as much as he can, but you MUST UNDERSTAND, this place caters to ALL and they will do their best to accomodate you, which in my opinion is more then most places in this town will do for you.  There are not a lot of Vegan/Vegetarian places, and there are even fewer that will take the time and pride in trying to accomodate your eating style.  Show appreciation to those places like this one that will, but don't fault or blame them IF Vegan/Vegetarian is not their bread and butter.  You will appreciate this place if you appreciate good food and great conversation with an owner who cares.
5	Place is great!  The owner is super friendly and comes by your table after each item/course is served to make sure you don't need anything or make sure everything was up to your liking.Make sure you order sashimi here!!!  They give you something special when you do, but I told the owner I wouldn't yelp about it.  When they are out of a particular type of fish the owner told me 'they are just out' and you'll have to come back when they get a new shipment or you'll have to eat something else b/c he doesn't freeze anything. Only fresh fish.  If you've been in Vegas long, apparently there used to be a sushi restaurant for like 15 years in the old Hilton.  The sushi chef here, used to own that place.ALSO, ask for the wifi password! He'll give it to you so you can surf the net.It's in a strip mall across from Vons next to Anytime Fitness b/w Bachi Burger and Dairy Queen.
5	One word describes this place, INCREDIBLE! My friends and I drove by and my friends suggested that we go here, I asked if it was AYCE and they replied no. I responded with 'I only do AYCE' (fat kid in me). Well, AYCE or not, this place is..well INCREDIBLE.So my group of friends and I went on a Saturday night, I was the last one to arrive and my friends had already ordered appetizers. We ate a lot that night, so I'll review on what I remember.SunomonoBeef Tongue-AMAZING! Thats all I have to say. It was cooked to my liking and very flavorful!EdamameHiyayakko (Cold tofu)Ika Sugatayaki(grilled squid)- I've had this at Ichiza, and let me tell you, the grilled squid here is grilled to perfection. It wasn't under or over cooked. a MUST if you love squid!Hamachi KamaSalmon CollarManila Clam (special that night)-this was so good that we ordered two! The broth was awesome!Shoyu RamenTonkotsu RamenFor the ramen, my friends said it was better than other ramen that they have had in Vegas. I'm not really a ramen fan cause I've experienced ramen that was too salty, and bland but to my surprise it was really good Sashimi-GET IT! I don't remember what we ordered cause we had a lot, and they also give, wait for it....fresh wasabi! a MUST if you visit here.We also ordered a couple of rolls, that were ok, I don't remember the names but they were delicious.The service here was great! They made sure that our water and teas were filled to the brim. The owners are super friendly and make sure everything is ok. My friends and I had a lengthy conversation with them a little past closing time. My friends were driving back to CA that evening and he offered them some tea, when my friends didn't have a thermos, he gave them a couple boxes of pocky!I highly suggest this place, it is a must!
1	FYI - I went here on yesterday night (Saturday, 6/23) and this restaurant WAS NOT OPEN at 9pm! My yelp app told me it was open until 11pm, and wanting sushi... we found this place. SUPER disappointing to pull up and see all the lights off.They need to change their business hours asap.
5	FYI. Mikos hours of operation is correct on Yelp. This is a family owned restaurant that treats their customers as family. Having said that, Mikos would prefer to close down once a year for vacation (everyone deserves one), instead of handing the business to someone who doesn't care about the rock solid foundation that this business has formed in just three short years. Mikos has been closed for the past eight days (re-opens 6/26) and yes the regulars do go into withdrawls while they are closed, but I would rather eat with family than with strangers, so I'm willing to wait. They posted signs more than a month ago informing everyone that they would be closed. I know this doesn't help first time customers, but to give it a one star rating when the food hasn't been tasted is petty.  If you love great food, good prices and service with a smile try Mikos.....you will not be disappointed.
4	Came off a painfully long flight and decided that sushi would be just the fix we needed. Thanks to yelp I found Miko's. Its located in a strip mall- typical Vegas- and looks like most other Vegas sushi joints. The service was friendly and we were quicky seated. My eyes immediately fell upon the $2 Sapporo draft Happy Hour special (5-7pm only). Seriously?? On draft for $2?? Heaven I tell you... Clearly what I really needed after a long flight was a ice cold beer (and a cheap one to boot).. Oh yeah the food- well that certainly did not disappoint. We ordered both ramen and sushi and were happy with both. The ramen was nowhere close to the best I've had. The broth lacked a lot of the richness of pork broths I've had and the solo egg and a few pieces of meat floating around was kind of sad (some other greens or something else in the bowl would have been nice). The sushi was tasty (try the Hawaiian roll) but not out of this world. Overall Mikos' is a solid choice and the best I've had in Vegas so far...Miko's I will certainly be back...
4	If you are a Sashimi Lover...this is the Place for you! The service can get a bit backed up because they are ALWAYS busy so don't come in if you are in a rush. Get here early especially on the weekends! Fresh fish is what keeps us coming back!
4	I drove all the way southeast just to try this place out lol. They give out complimentary edamame once you are seated. According to my friend their menu used to be bigger, but now all that's left is sushi/sashimi and just a shadow of their "izakaya" menu from olden times. I ordered their yakiniku don, which reminded me a lot of bulgogi. My friend ordered their salmon teriyaki which was a nice cut of salmon in my opinion. I really don't know what to think of this place honestly. Their food was great, service friendly and prompt, prices were a little steep for my pocket (college student) but you do pay for quality here. I guess I'm not completely in love due to the fact that it's pretty far from where I live, so you won't be seeing me coming back anytime soon :( but if I'm in that side of town, I'll definitely eat here again!*I sound so conflicted lol
2	How could anyone of Japanese lineage give this place more than 3 stars?This place is completely marketed and designed for Westerners. When you walk inside all you see are: White folks, Hawaiians, and a random Korean guy sitting in back.  There were absolutely  no one of Japanese descent eating here.Before I write my review, let me tell you a personal story about my Dad. Everyone from Hawaii will tell you stories about that one Japanese family who lived on their street who absolutely refused to assimilate to Hawaiian culture. They didn't speak in that "Wakki Lakki talk", hated saying Aloha, refused to call their brothers: "brah-duh", and thought surfing was the sport of idiots. These Japanese men raised their kids in a traditional Japanese style. And, that was how my Dad was raised. So, he knows good Japanese food when he sees it. My Dad came to Miko's about 2 years ago and hated it so much that he called me and told me never to come here. I didn't believe him back then because my Dad literally hates everything for no reason. He even hated Urusawa(the most famous sushi bar in LA), and got into a fight with the chef. So, when I walked in Miko's today, I had totally forgotten everything he had told me about this place. For the first time in my life, I actually agree with my Dad on something. This place wasn't a Japanese restaurant.  When I first walked in, I stood at the front desk for about 5 minutes before anyone even said "hi" to me. The man working here(who looked like he was half white and half Hawaiian-Japanese) was too busy kissing the asses of the regular customers to even bother seating me. The regular customers here get all the priority. Even if they order 15 minutes after you order, they will get their food before you do. When I was finally sat, it took him another 5 minutes to come back over and take my order. And after he dropped my bowl of Ramen off, he never came back over again. This whole time I was here, he was acting lazy and having fun with all his regular customers.Some places use a Tonkotsu base for their Miso Ramen, while  most places use a chicken bone base. Miko's Izakaya uses water mixed with a powder. The 2 slices of Narutomaki were nothing more than generic prepackaged "swirl" fish cakes you buy at Greenland Market. It's a product of South Korea.The hanjuku egg was nothing more than just a hard boiled egg with no soy sauce. And the egg was VERY hard boiled. The Charsiu tasted like it was made days in advance. It didn't even taste like pork. It tasted like an oven roasted piece of dried out turkey. The Miso Ramen's broth tasted 100% identical to Nissan Ramen's Instant Miso Flavor, which you can buy at both Greenland Market and Japan Creek.If you want good Ramen in Las Vegas, go to places like Ramen Sora, Shuseki, Yagyu Yakinku. Anime Ramen has not been the same since Ryosuke went back to Japan, but it's still far superior to the instant cup of noodles you get at Miko's. This was a 1-star experience. The food was 1-star, and the service was 1-star. The only reason I am giving this place another star is because when I was leaving, the Sushi Chef(a true full-blooded Japanese man) tried to get my attention.  He then gave me a certain unique look which I remembered from my youth with my Dad. While I was eating, I did notice the look of concern that the traditional Japanese Chef had on his face when he noticed I was being ignored. Traditional Japanese men do not have to use words to express their feelings of regret. When I was walking out the door, he let me know with facial expressions and body language that he felt it was wrong that I was treated so badly. I thought it was a kind gesture.
5	I'm not one to write reviews, but after reading some of these B.S. reviews I thought I'd add a few!!Been coming to Miko's for the last 2 years and never left unhappy! EXCELLENT fresh fish, Family style cooking just like grandma used to make and Great Customer service by everyone! If your from Hawaii then you should know quality of fish! The Hamachi sashimi is to die for...Yummy!! Chicken Katsu curry just like back home, Hamachi Kama top grade and everything else...Un believable!!!Happy hour from 5-7..$2.00 Sapporo can't go wrong! If you've been here before then you know what I mean!! We come here and bring family and friends from all over and No one leaves Disappointed!!  Keep up the Great food and Great work Miko's!!And Miko get well soon and hurry back!!If your gonna write a review then don't B.S. about. Theres nothing that makes sense on what this (RP) guy says...C'mon!!
5	Great food every time we come. Usually get the ramen, good quality homemade stuff. Ordered the tonkatsu this time and it was delicious. This is the only place that serves kinpira..so good..just like Obi makes =) we've never ordered anything here and left unhappy. Greg is very friendly and always greets us, just like we're family. We will definately be back !
5	Just what I needed, a low key sushi place with excellent food. I wish this place was near my home, but it's not so next time I'm in Vegas Miko's will be my first stop. The fish was fresh, the rolls were tasty, and they have fresh wasabi. If you're looking for a great sushi dinner and aren't trying to impress someone with a glitzy atmosphere, this friendly mom and pop sushi place is a gem
5	Mikos is a great neighborhood mom & pop restaurant. The owner is always present and takes great care of his customers. The food is consistently delicious and fresh...which is where many of the local sushi restaurants fall short. Some of my personal favorites are their Teriyaki Chicken (amazing, non gooey teriyaki sauce), Miko's roll, Kiss of Fire roll (actually spicy), Tiger roll, and Kaiten roll. Now that I think about it, most of the rolls, as well as the Nigiri are really delicious and fresh... the only miss for me personally was the Hawaiian roll. If you are looking for a great neighborhood restaurant with fresh food and friendly service then Mikos is your place.
5	I couldn't believe how amazing this place is. We were served graciously by the owner. His wife, Miko, was out because of a surgery, so the menu was slightly limited. Everything was still delicious.While they didn't have it on the menu, they were happy to prepare a vegetable yakisoba for my vegetarian friend. She was absolutely floored by how delicious her noodles were. I, however, was in much more a sushi mood. I went for the sushi/sashimi dinner combo. I seriously have never tasted fish so fresh in my entire life. The yellow fin was definitely the highlight of the place- it melted in my mouth like a slice of butter. It still tasted fresh and slightly salty, just like the ocean. True heaven.Got to wash it all down with a ice cold Asahi. : ) The perfect accompaniment to any good japanese meal!No seriously, this place is the bomb diggity. Please try it!
2	I've been meaning to write this review for about now.  Came here one night with a friend to have non sushi japanese food.  Ordered the Sukiyaki, tonkatsu, and gyoza.  The gyoza came out first but it took 45 minutes for the rest of the food to come out.  The waitress was pleasant and apologized for the delay.  The owner on the other hand avoided eye contact with us because I looked hungry and irritated.  We've been here on 3 different times before and the wait for food is ridiculous.  They do cater to westerners and forget about everyone else.  I won't be coming here anytime soon.
5	Kid friendly and very tasty!I based my choice for dinner tonight on urban spoon's recommendations for kid-friendly sushi restaurants and yelp reviews. While we had to drive a little ways to get from the strip (where we were staying) to Miko's, it was worth it. I had the Miko roll, which was a pretty good size and very delicious. The guys had sashimi and our kid (2 1/2 yrs) had a never-ending supply of edamame (his favorite) and tried some fish and enjoyed the rice. I was happy that the place was tolerant of my kiddo when he was being grumpy and pleased when we walked in that there were already 2 other kids. We called ahead and the owner set us up a "reserved" sign which was nice because the place isn't that big. He also came out when we were finishing up and asked how our meal was, very nice guy. Great find, off the beaten path; we'll be back!
4	I'm not an expert on Japanese food, but what I had was thoroughly enjoyable. I put together a bento box so I could combine different entrees. We didn't leave hungry. Next time I'll have to bring some knowledgeable company and share an assortment of sushi. We'll be back.
5	Great little Mom & Pop sushi place! Being vegan, and a lover of sushi and ramen, it's hard to find places that actually attempt to create a vegan alternative for such things. But Miko's did it right! We called in advance to ask if they had vegetable broth for their ramen, compared to the alternative beef broth, and the owner said yes! When we came in, they practically had the meal ready for us, and it was PERFECT. Definitely going back. Good sake, good sushi, and fantastic customer service, what can be better?
4	This is a great neighborhood spot that is perfect for an after work meal on the way home.  They have a great happy hour with Sapporo on tap for $2 between 4-7pm daily.  They have a nice selection of other good beers too, including Stone IPA.  But the Sushi is where this place is at!!  On Thursday after work I stopped in and sat at the bar.  Started with a Stone IPA and the free edamame.  Yum.  I am a sucker for a good Tiger Roll and it is awesome here.  After devouring the Tiger roll I had a wonderful Unagi roll.  I was treating myself and spent a bit more than I usually do here.  I walked out spending $26 for 1 roll, 1 half-roll, and 1 ice-cold beer.  I would do it again tomorrow.  The owners are always in the restaurant serving customers and have made the place a wonderful neighborhood spot.  We have eaten here about 10 times and will continue to do so.
5	I have often benefited from reviews on Yelp, but I have never written a review, until now.  This is by far the best sashimi I have ever had.  My wife and I were in Las Vegas for a wedding and stopped at Miko's on our last night.  We tried several buffets including the very good and highly rated Bacchanal the prior night, and I wasn't expecting much this last night.  Miko's was close to our hotel and we had a very early flight.  Well, I have to say this place made our trip.  We started with the cold tofu with ginger and green onions.  I have never had this dish with shredded ginger (usually shaved fish) but it was fabulous.  The sashimi came with a small dish of real wasabi (the plant, not the paste) and I don't know what it was, but this made every piece of fish come alive in my mouth. I'm back in the Bay Area now 3 days later and I can't stop thinking about Miko's.  Greg, the owner, also recommended a spicy tuna roll (fire something) which was soooo good!  I know that what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, but this is not a secret to keep. This place rocks!  Nothing fancy, just the best sashimi in the world.  We will be back.
4	Service is good but slow. Love the chirashi with awesome fresh wasabi. It's $20 sth but a big portion. I personally dislike rolls that are too big to fit in 1 bite so I wish menus would indicate the wider rolls. Mika roll is one of them.
3	Don't get the Miko roll if you prefer light and refreshing flavors. Otherwise, they have the typical Japanese items here just like anywhere else.
5	We were a party of four sanseis (third generation Japanese Americans) from Southern California looking for some simple and authentic Japanese food away from the casinos.  We were ALL very impressed and will definitely return!  Some highlights:  a Happy Hour pitcher of beer (Sapporo or Kirin) is only $6;  their California roll is made with real crab (not imitation); both their ramen and tempura soba were exceptional (the owner told us they make their dashi the traditional way -- with dashi konbu and NO MSG!).  The chicken katsu and curry dishes were very good, too, and was served with a salad with a remarkably refreshing and tasty dressing!  Only a 15-min drive from the strip, Miko's Izakaya was a great find!
5	An izakaya () is a type of Japanese drinking establishment which also serves food to accompany the drinks. They are casual places for after-work drinking. -Thanks Wikipedia!Miko's is Amazing.  A gem hidden in a random strip mall.  We've visited a couple fo times during dinner rush on the weekend.  They are always very busy, but we get seated quickly. The service at Miko's is great.  Quick, wit the goal of getting you fed and happy as soon as possible.  You get edmame when you sit down and food never takes more than 15 minutes to come out.The food is great.  We are noodle lovers so we have tried the soba, udon and a couple of ramens.  All are delicious.  Broth to die for. They stopped their sushi take-out service to preserve the quality of their sushi.  The spicy scallop roll had the freshest scallop I have ever had on sushi before.Their prices are incredibly reasonable and their happy hour is great.  Half off house Sake and cheap pints of Sapporo.My favorite thing about Miko's is that Miko is in the kitchen, every time we are there.  It is family run by a family that cares about their food and their customers and it shows.  Super happy we found this place.  Well worth the five star rating.
4	The sashimi dinner is the best deal.  You get 19 pieces of fresh fish and is accompanied by fresh grated wasabi.  Microbrew beers are always on rotation and you can't beat their happy hour Sapporo/Kirin beer special.
5	Found this place on Yelp, it was excellent. I ordered salmon skin maki sushi and ribs eye teriyaki med rare ... Excellent flavor. I highly recommend this place. The service was excellent.
4	Excellent food and happy hour! Sashimi dinner was fresh as youll get in vegas for a great price!
5	A Japanese Restaurant where the staff speaks Japanese.I've acutally been to Japan and this place tastes very much like Japanese food in Japan.  Price is great and it gets points for Authenticity. If you want real Japaneese food. GO.HERE.
3	The food itself is pretty darned good.  It's not over-the-top-tell-all-your-friends "good", but you won't be disappointed.  The value is there also to a degree.  Reasonably priced sushi but some of the main cooked dishes are overpriced.  That might be to push people towards the more profitable sushi.The dining room is sterile, cold, and small.  This seems like it's geared to be more of a lunch spot.  We came for dinner pretty early, 5pm, and by the time we left an hour later there was only one other table filled.The owners work here and are very attentive.  That being said, one of our "cooked" dinners took 40 minutes to come out due to the first one being overcooked (steak dish).Stick to sushi, come for lunch, and don't be in a hurry.
4	Not quite the true IZAKAYA experience. However its a quaint and clean, the friendly staff and decor give it a bit of an at home feel.The food was awesome, Appetizer menu all around $4-6, the sashimi was great also. Two of us ate and drank a lot and the bill was well under $100 with tip included.Happy hour 4-7 if you squeeze in before 7PM they let you keep the happy hour prices all nightJapanese owned and operated, this place provides a great little traditional get away very japanese-esque and fun.Good job Mikos!
2	The seated us right away and took our order shortly after. But there was a problem with my order....I asked for my steak dinner cooked at  medium rare and the waitress told me it had been taken off the grill at well done so they threw it out. So apparently it took another 30 minutes to get it right. The whole experience was not good. I will not be back. The ambience was cafeteria-ish and the wait staff was ok, but not great.
5	We were going to another place for ramen because they said they had rice noodles, well, they didn't, and Miko's was in the same strip mall. So we checked it out, they had a veg menu and gluten free jank for the ladypants.We lived in Japan for 5 years, we love Japan, we miss Japan. But we have tempered our expectations when it comes to Japanese here in the states.So, there will be a lot of food mentioned in this review for a couple reasons, one being that we are gluttons, the other reason is it was so good we came back the next night to eat again.the agedashi tofu is delicious. The broth for this tofu is so good, I want to shoot it into my veins. I want to drink it like precious manna. The cucumber salad is delicious, just like in Japan.The yakisoba, while a touch different than most I have had, was still delicious. The tempura vegetable roll was huge and amazing. They make a vegetable roll, then tempura batter it, deep fry, then cut it. It is like some Epic Meal Time shit. And the sauces that some with it are amazing.But the ramen is the centerpiece. Veggie ramen. So good. All I needed was a blizzard outside and I would have been convinced I was in Misawa, Japan. Noodles were perfect, veg was great. Broth was almost criminally good. Best ramen I have had outside of Japan.And they have Calpico.Simply put, this place is amazing. The fact that it is a family affair makes it even better. Anywhere but Las Vegas and this place would be so overrun by hipsters that the line would be 2 hours long and totally ironic.
4	OMG, why have I not tried this place sooner?  I kept saying "MMMMmmm" the whole time I was eating the baby tako.  Would have paired up nicely with beer.  Oooh, the cucumber salad, that was deliciously fresh with a yummy accented taste of lemon.   Great place to try out lots of appetizers, but for me, a bit too expensive, so when I come here, it will be a treat. LOL
1	I've been to this place numerous of times and never had I ever been TURNED AWAY!! I called to order for take-out and the phone went to voicemail 3 times. When I finally got a hold of someone, I asked if they were open & I was told that they were packed and busy. I asked if I could order for pick-up and the answer I got shocked me. I was told that they were TOO BUSY TO TAKE MY ORDER! I was furious & asked the guy if he was serious that he couldn't take my order because they were too packed and busy in house and couldn't take a minute to stop and take my order!!! So then I told him that he just lost a customer! It's too bad because I really like their food but being turned down for service due to the fact that they were busy is absolute bullshit! I've never been turned down just because the business is busy/packed! If it's too busy or packed, may I suggest to them HIRE MORE EMPLOYEES then! Don't take it out on the customers who are obviously not that important, especially the ones that are calling in for take out! I will definitely NEVER go back since my business is not welcomed nor wanted because they are just too busy to take an order over the phone!
5	Great selection of fabulous veggie rolls--a lot more than the one or two choices most places have.
3	Friendly owner, amazing selection, great value without the hoopla of Vegas. Refreshing find for a transplant! The food was OK because some items were not a hot as they should be. But honestly in Vegas the treatment is so mediocre that this fact can easily be given a second chance . As far as I could tell there were many regulars there and the owner was so gracious and remembered them all. He even took a minute to ask how we had heard of his place. His wife was sweet too! Hard working couple with a good formula. Love Vegas for the best places are always in strip malls!! Take that big corporate hotel monsters. Its still about the little guys.
5	Got the sushi lasagna and assorted other rolls.  Quality is excellent and portion size is just right.   Been to a fair amount of sushi restaurants over the years from coast to coast and this one will keep you coming back for more.
4	I am still a big fan of Miko's.  The only advice I would give is that do not go there when they are packed and you are hungry.  We went there on a fairly busy night.  All the tables were taken so we waited about 15 minutes for a table to open up.  When we finally got seated, it took a while to get our drink order and then quite a while until we got our items ordered.  After placing our order, it took about 30 minutes to be served.  They were not complicated items.  I ordered their Vegetarian Yakisoba and my partner ordered a vegetarian sushi roll.  My dish came out first and the veggie roll took another 10 minutes to get there.  I don't know what the hold up was considering most people were not having sushi and we placed the order 30 minutes ago.  My partner was a bit disconcerted because  we loved their veggie rolls before.  This was not up to par from our previous experience.  My yakisoba was awesome.  As I said we are still a big fan of Miko's.  They just need to streamline their service when they are packed.
5	My husband loves sushi, but since I am a vegan we often choose other cuisines when dining out.  We decided to try Izakaya because they have a large selection of vegan rolls in addition to the traditional sushi.  The food was great, as was the service.  We were well attended to, and the fish my husband ordered was beautiful and fresh.  My vegan rolls were quite good too, and I certainly enjoyed having options.  The owner shared with us that he is not open on Sunday or Monday because of the lack of fresh fish in Las Vegas.  He also said that he does not do much (if any) take out because he does not want to sacrifice quality for his dine-in customers.  It was apparent to us that he has great sushi chefs, and I can appreciate his attention to such details.  We will definitely be repeat customers!
4	I've gone here once before and tried to order to go and they brutally rebuffed me, telling me they were way too busy to do a to-go order.  I was quite miffed by the whole rejection and swore never to eat here, however, I was craving sushi the other night and didn't want to have to venture far, so we decided to give them another chance.  The place is quite small and they were busy for a Wednesday night.  We were told right off the bat that the sushi bar was backed up, but we ordered sushi anyway.  We also ordered the karaage chicken. The cons: To start, it was very strange that they give you cold wetnaps in a little package, rather than a warm hand towel.  The karaage wings weren't good and they had no sauce to dip them in.  They were flavorless and obviously dark meat chicken with a lot of breading.We ordered a spider roll that was a lot of rice and not enough crab.The pros: The servers are all little old asian ladies.  They were all great!  Very friendly and courteous and quickly refilled waters and brought us our stuff when it was ready.The nigiri is DELICIOUS.  The fish tasted so fresh and they put a big slab of it on a tiny piece of rice.  I will continue going here again just to eat nigiri or sashimi.The menu had ramen and a bunch of other yummy looking soups on it!!  I didn't order any but a lot of the soups they were bringing out looked amazing!  I will go back to try these as well!
4	Complimentary edamame? Score. This is a total mom and pop restaurant with no frills whatsoever.  They have a good selection of veggie options & everything is reasonably priced:Salmon collar kama = $11.50 (this takes a while to make because it's a thick piece of salmon. Thank goodness for the edamame!)Agedashi tofu = $4 (4 pieces)Service can be pretty slow so if you're looking for a quick bite you might want to pass this place up, but it's a good find in the southwest area for dinner!
5	Grear find off the strip.We started with the Poke Hi Big Eye Tuna, it was great, nice big pieces of tuna in a spicy marinade, with lots of onions.The Namesake (sp) Udon was a hit with all of us.
3	I came in here one night by myself and sat at the sushi bar because they were so busy there was quite a wait for a table.  I was so excited to try the ramen but felt that since I was sitting at the sushi bar I needed to order some sushi (that's my excuse for pigging out).  I ordered some nigiri and the tonkatsu ramen.  The nigiri is so delicious and fresh.  Unfortunately, I ended up sitting there for about 40 minutes before my ramen came out.  And when it did, it was not at all worth the wait.  The noodles were slightly undercooked, and the broth lacked the depth of some of my favorite ramen joints.  They had an egg, but it seemed like it was just a normal hard boiled chicken egg.  It added nothing but awkwardness to the dish.  There were a couple pieces of chasyu that were not tender at all and looked carelessly cut.  I was sorely disappointed.So far, with my two visits, I've determined that I should only stick to ordering nigiri or sashimi.  I'll have to try the gyoza others have mentioned next time I go.Another thing to note is that on this visit, when I first sat, at least three different people asked for my order and made sure I had ordered stuff.  As time went on, they seemed to forget about me.  Finally, the original server who took my order asked if I ever got my ramen.  This was 40 minutes later.  I counted.  I told her no, it was fine but asked for another beer.  Finally my ramen came but that last beer was nowhere to be found.  At this point I had finally began to get annoyed, especially since the ramen I had so looked forward to was less than mediocre.  I decided to forego the beer, paid my check and left.  What started out as such a great visit turned into a disappointment.
4	Excellent quality sushi / sashimi and really enjoyed the haiga (sort of brown rice -  healthy option).  Their variety was good with my wife having      buckwheat (soba) soup, and I had their chirashi sushi - good variety but didn't have uni on it (sea urchin). Very crowded for a Tuesday evening - with families - so it looked like local clients, always a good sign.
5	The tofu was so tender, even with a fried exterior. If you do sashimi, the REAL kazumi wasabi is a must. Apparently $100/lb. Finish the meal with delicious black sesame ice cream.
1	FOOD - not good and cold edamame, who cares that is complimentary I would have paid for fresh, hot edamame. FISH-not fresh and definitely not enough selection. SERVICE-HORRIBLE- My family and I try many different Sushi restaurants and by far we were greatly disappointed. We ordered our sushi and waiter, which I'm guessing is owner, told my husband, "have to get this order in, or you will never get your food." We then get our food which wasn't satisfying so I proceed to ask about the Ahi Poke and if they have a small size. He replied with, "no we only have a big one and there's 18 orders ahead of you." Who says that? We left and I wrote a letter of feedback that hopefully will give them a clue and 1) food not good 2) service not good 3) not clean 4) who refuses additional orders and 5) just rude as they clear and wipe table while I'm eating!!!! Really?
5	We recently just moved into the area and Miko's has become our newest, favorite place for a bite.  Even though we are new regulars, the owners treat us as though we have been friends for years.  The fish is always fresh and of great quality.  We especially love their tuna poke....a very large portion of tender tuna, perfect every time.  I could eat just that for dinner every night, for the rest of my life, and be perfectly happy.  Even though sushi is our thing, we have sampled a few of their cooked dishes.  The noodle selections were especially yummy as I was recovering from a very severe sinus infection..I highly recommend you give this little restaurant a try, you may just fall in love too!
5	Went here for dinner, we were greeted by everyone right away with a very friendly smile! The wait staff is so nice and friendly makes you feel right at home!! The sushi is the best in the area!!! Rice is very sticky and tastes amazing!! The fish melts in yours mouth, and everything is do fresh, unlike your all you can eat places!A must go!
1	The owner (white guy) was very rude. We went with 10 people around 8:30 pm while they still had several open tables .Without reservation, we agreed to split the tables and several people would sit on the sushi bar.Then he reminded us that they don't serve cooked food for sushi bar.  Well, we sit on other sushi bars all the time. Maybe he think we were uneducated hillbillies from some third country.Also he asked us if we wanted to order Ramen, then he said we should go to the place across the street for Ramen.Then some of us sit at a small table, the owner immediately asked us to order food without giving us any chances to even take a look at the menu. Maybe the owner have discrimination for Asian people, but why opened a Japanese restaurant then ........... We eventually left.  Without any apology, the owner kept blaming us for not making the reservation while we walking out.
2	It bothers me to have to write a negative review of this restaurant, because so much of the issues I experienced were avoidable.For starters, this was my second visit. The first was decent but I distinctively remember the service being frustratingly slow even though the food was decent. The owner/manager abruptly stopped taking our order to say hello to new guests, even engaging them in conversation before returning to take the rest of our order -- without so much as an "excuse me" or an apology for stepping away.When I arrived the sushi bar was half-full and there were only two other parties in the restaurant. Despite being fairly empty, the service was once again painfully slow. The food, while not terrible, was definitely not worth a 20-minute wait between each order and its arrival. By the time I left the restaurant was full and I couldn't help but wonder why. There are plenty of great sushi spots in Las Vegas. While Miko's may be slightly less expensive than places like Hachi (Red Rock) and Sushi Tower (Flamingo/215), the quality of food is significantly lower. Osaka (S. Eastern or W. Sahara) is comparably priced but far exceeds Miko's in quality of food, service, and atmosphere. Truth be told, for $26 or less one can have all-you-can-eat sushi that far surpasses Miko's in quality, service, and atmosphere at any number of restaurants - the best of which include Sushi Bomb (Tenaya/215), Kaizen (S. Eastern/Coronado) or Sumo 2 (Durango/Warm Springs).So why Miko's? I certainly can't figure it out.
4	"It's super disappointing to crave something and have it taken away. I walked out after 30 min of my order not even being placed..." - Said after first visit. Second chances are not always given, but in this case it was and I am glad we did. When we first showed up here for our first visit it was a bit busy, but there was a table for us. The older gentlemen sat us, took our order, but forgot to put it in. He then did not come back to the table for a long time and at that point we found out he did not even put our order in and so we left. He told us he was sorry and offered to buy our dinner the next time we came in. Very nice of him, but we hesitated. Next week came and my boyfriend wanted sushi. So we took him up on his offer and lone and behold...deliciousness. I do not eat sushi, but my boyfriend loved his. I could tell from his facial expressions for sure. I had the Gyoza...amazing and the chicken and egg rice bowl which was also amazing. I love that dish and it was better then Ichiza's which I found hard to believe at first, but to me it was. I also LOVE their Miso Soup. I have never had it with the little noodles in it, but that is not why I loved it. I loved it because the flavor was so bursting and delightful that I could go there just to eat all their Miso Soup. Seriously, I love that soup. We also went during happy hour which has $2 Sapporos. Can you say, yes please? I did, about four times. The best part, besides the soup, was the company of their new Chef. Apparently his first day was the day we went the first time, but this time we sat at the bar and he chatted with us the whole time. I think his name is DK, so if you go there tell him Hello. He is a sushi artist. Like I said, I don't eat sushi but I love the way it is made and created and his was neat All in all our second visit was so much better and we will be back! It is close to the house and delicious. I will try their teriyaki chicken next I think! Second chances can be worth it sometimes !
5	This is a family owned business. Don't go here if you are in a hurry in any way. The husband is the waiter and the wife cooks. They take their time.There is a sushi chef and one other person. It is small and cute. You may now be wondering why I gave it 5 stars if it is not fast... Well the food here is great quality and the price is great. If you go during happy hour he doesn't cut you off because the time ran out. He doesn't want to do all you can eat because it takes away from the quality of the food. It is a mom and pop restaurant and they do a great job. I love giving my money to them rather then a chain... they are very nice, honest, kind people and the food is great! They also have many Vegetarian options and are always nice to my kids.They are organic and Non GMO which is amazing! :) LOVE THIS PLACE!!
3	Nice family owned business. The service was quick and we got our food in a timely manner, all the while other restaurant goers were in and out.This review is based on their katsu and tempura entrees. I did not try their sushi, but I'm afraid I might not be back to try it. The tonkatsu was average with slightly overly salty sauce. The tempura plate was pretty decent! The gyoza was average as well, and the dipping sauce that comes with that is way too salty in my opinion. Our meal was $35 ish before tip for somewhat average food. I could have gotten similar food from a teriyaki spot for half of that price and with better taste. I was expecting a lot when I came here but didn't leave feeling satisfied. Maybe their other foods would have changed my perception of the place.
5	So, their teriyaki salmon?I get it every time.I would like to try something new, but I just can't.Because it's that good.Anyway, family run and sooo incredibly nice and sweet! I love it here no ifs ands or buts!
5	One of the top sushi places in town, and their vegan sushi menu puts them head and shoulders above the rest...
4	A bit out of town but well worth the trip the food is fabulous very nicely put together. The service was very friendly as well and helpful. The only negative is the place does not look very engaging and gives a cold feeling when inside. But if back in Vegas I'm going again as excellent food and very good value.
5	We LOVE this place. It is actually one of the best sushi places I have ever been to. The owners are often the servers and work really hard. They remember us and are very personable. They told us their sushi chef has been making sushi for 40 years! You can tell. It is GOOD!The sushi always tastes fresh. They have this sort of 'real' wasabi that is just fantastic and way tastier than wasabi paste. They also recently started providing me with gluten free soy sauce which is just fabulous!My husband often gets saki bombers and I get one of their flavored sake. All has gone great with the sushi. Also, we often get the red bean mochi. It is small but the perfect end to a great meal.The location is close to my home and there is always ample parking. I highly recommend this place.
5	The quality of the sushi is incredible! Plenty of options available, including Vegan options. Everyone is very friendly. Happy hour specials are great. I will definitely be returning for the engawa and poke salad...even though I live across town! I am so glad I found the BEST sushi spot in Vegas!!!!
5	I love finding hidden gems off strip and adding a Japanese restaurant to my list of yummy restaurants. We were kinda driving aimlessly while trying to choose a restaurant for dinner when we pulled into the complex to come here. I was so glad to hear a Japanese accent when the host seated us. (Non-Japanese owned/run Japanese restaurants are a big pet peeve.) it was also nice to see the host recognize and acknowledge regulars coming in for dinner. The menu items were pretty standard but well priced. Appetizer portions weren't huge, but perfectly enough for a party of 3. The guys both got ramen which were great. Good broth flavor and great noodle texture. I ordered the 11 piece sashimi side as my dinner and it was a beautiful plate of fresh fish! The chef was very generous and I don't know if that's normal but because of it, I will definitely come back. The service was very good. Our waitress was very sweet. So, all in all, why wouldn't this place get 5stars? See you again next visit, Miko!
1	Horrible service sat for 45 minutes no rolls ever came. We walked out. Disappointing!
5	What an amazing find.  Greg, the owner, is .... WAY over-qualified for the work he does, which is a terrific gift to a diner.  The team at Miko's combined FAST and efficient service with a total "take your time" attitude toward the diner.  In fact, Greg emphasized a definite "slow food" concept, but that did NOT mean that service was slow.  On the contrary, when I was ready for my sukiyaki, which often takes a LONG time to prepare, it was there.  Not only that, but it was served in the traditional Japanese style, with organic, bio-safe raw egg dip (don't worry, it's definitely optional!)  First night there I was by myself, having arrived in Vegas a day before my wife joined me.  As a solo diner, I felt that Greg had made his home available to me, and he spent quite a bit of time chatting and keeping me company while I worked my way through the miso soup (clearly home-made...you can taste the freshness of the dashi and miso), simple yet YUMMY salad, beef tongue appetizer (tender bites...I am SUPER picky about tongue, and this was perhaps the only SLIGHTLY negative....it was a little salty and not as tender as I'm used to, but this was the first time I have ever heard of a Japanese beef tongue dish, so it may be that it is simply the way it's done, and it was still really tasty) the sukiyaki (GENEROUS beef portions, and a sublime treat on a cool night) and house sake which was served warm...not hot as many "Japanese" restaurants serve it....it's supposed to be warm, and that's just how it came.  Perfect.  So....we went back the next night together! This time, it was sushi/sashimi time.  EVEN BETTER! If there's ever a gauge of the quality of a sushi place, it is UNI.  You know how really REALLY fresh uni has jagged edges and a glow to it?  Bingo.  Probably among the absolute finest uni I have ever eaten.  And reasonable at $7.25.  Ikura was poppin'-fresh, and didn't have that sometimes-found cardboardy off taste...so good!  And the fresh scallop was creamy and delicious.  My wife ordered the hamichi "mini-sashimi" and loved it.  The grilled squid was cooked perfectly, and served with a lighter broth dip, instead of the mayo-based dip often found with yaki ika.  I wanted to keep eating, but was full to the brim.  As for atmosphere, don't expect elegant muted sound and koto music in the background...this is a family-oriented, family-run, family-cooked and family-served place in a neighborhood well away from the strip.  In a kind of ugly strip mall, which is all irrelevant if you're looking for great food, friendly yet unobtrusive service, the ball game playing softly behind the sushi bar, $2 Sapporo and Kirin at happy hour....I could keep writing, but you probably stopped reading a while ago.  Final word:  Price is reasonable...you get what you pay for and at this place, it isn't their rent...it's the food and the service.  Six stars!
5	We arrvived around 9 on a Saturday evening and were welcomed warmly. Edamame was served complimentary as well as miso soup. The gyoza was fabulous; very fresh.  The staff brought us fesh wasabi and it was tasty. Never had it prior. The atmosphere was relaxed and the staff was friendly. Very Japanese! Highly recommend the Dynamite appetizer. Oishi! Prices are average. Will definitely be back for a sushi fix!
4	Excellent food and great service, but the food took forever to come out. Don't go if you're in a hurry. Great selection of vegan rolls and dishes. Family-owned.
5	Quick look: Best & Most Authentic JAPANESE Restaurant in Vegas. Have been to many and I have not found a sushi restaurant as one as on-point as Miko's. It's my go-to spot and it has NEVER disappointed. In depth review: Have held off on writing this review as it feels like my own secret hidden gem and I fear that too many good reviews will only create a buzz and over-run this small spot w/ annoying foodies. The owner Greg and his wife are of Japanese descent (rare as most sushi restaurants in vegas are Korean owned). Greg manages the front of house while his wife handles the kitchen duties. Greg is selective on who he serves and how he serves. People looking for the typical "all you can eat" sushi restaurants, take-out service or with small children should look elsewhere. Step out of line and insult his craft or staff and you could be politely asked to leave. With that said, he's really nice and they put a lot of love and detail into their service and food. You well feel at home at Miko's. It is DINE-IN only and it is a small restaurant that has about a dozen tables of various size and a sushi bar with another dozen seats. They are closed on Sunday and Monday as the fish on these days is typically not at it's freshest locally. The menu consists of hot items that are old family recipes and a large sushi menu. The sushi is delicious, fresh and presented similar to the fancy restaurants on the strip (Nobu, Yellowtail etc.). The rice is real winner here. Really makes the difference and their rolls and Nigiri is top notch because of it. The new sushi chef is from a well known spot in China Town and certainly knows how to create and serve. It's an art that they take serious. Have NEVER had a piece that had that "fishy" taste and it is always fresh and you can tell they use top quality fish. The service is spot on and you will not feel rushed. I have been telling myself that one of these days I am going to order from the traditional menu and try some of the old family recipes. The issue is that the sushi is so delicious that I can help myself from ordering it. Always see a lot of Japanese clientele enjoying these dishes and one of these days I will ask Greg for some advice and try to skip the sushi. If that's possible... Advice: - Arrive early or go late, can get busy during traditional dinner hours- Look at the "specials" board and try them (you are in luck if they have Amberjack on the menu)- Order a cold Kirin Ichiban beer on draft (cold and delicious in a frozen mug)- Try some of the delicious warm Sake (has a nice kick)- Save room for desert, the traditional Japanese cream puffs are HEAVENLY
5	awesome izakaya... home cooking that displays the traditional balance of "sa shi su se so"wide range of sushi n sashimi... great donburi menus... n yummy food
5	An excellent place for vegetarian/vegan Japanese, especially in Las Vegas. And their vegetarian menu seems to be expanding. On the critical side, the vegetarian soup broth--at least in the veg ramen--is a tad too sweet.
3	Nothing to write home about and nothing horrible to report. This is your average sushi restaurant, nothing exceptional or tasty to report. Those that give it raving reviews must be japanese food noobs because this place isn't much. If it were less expensive then perhaps I'd give it a fourth star but it's fairly pricey for not great sushi. Sorry guys, just ok is as good as I can give this place.
5	I had a great time here.  Went for dinner, looking for something off the strip that would actually be good.  I succeeded.  This is first of all, a 100% local joint.  Everybody knows everybody, just like my place at home.  I loved that.  The bar overlooks the sushi station, and the full kitchen.  I ordered a salmon hand roll and the yakisoba udon.  Both were great and I was able to watch my udon get made which was fun.  They also have Saporo on draft which is a big plus.  I'll be back!
5	Loved this place! Excellent sushi. Fantastic, friendly service. Don't miss the Yoshi Roll or the Cucumber Wrap. And the fresh homemade wasabi is amazing. Best sushi I've had in Vegas in years.
5	Very friendly staff and Owner.  I love small local places were the owners are there working.  I've been there many times now and have enjoyed all of the food I have ordered.  It's not going to be the cheapest for Sushi in Vegas but it's very good Sushi.
5	Amazing food! Couple that with the extrodinary owners and you can't help falling in love with Miko's. Everything on their diverse menu is prepared with quality products and lots of care. The ramen is incredible as is all of their sushi. They open at 5pm and are closed Sundays.
2	Unfortunately, they just lost a customer. My husband is a vegan and I'm not so I get pretty stoked when we both have a good selection of yumminess to choose from. Their vegan menu is pretty good and their fish was super fresh, at least the first time it was.... the second visit wasn't quite as good. Like a lot of people mentioned the service is soooooo slow. It's a small place but they can't seem to fire dishes at the same time and it's never fun to watch your friends eat while you starve at the table. I can deal with some slow service if the food is good but this second visit was OUTRAGEOUS! We took a couple friends there and it was embarrassing. My husband got his food first, we watched him eat for a while before any other dishes were brought out. Then our friends got a steady stream of food. I watched them eat. I ordered a sashimi platter. I waited for OVER AN HOUR for my dinner. Everyone was done eating when I got my food and I was beyond agitated. None of the food was as tasty on the second trip and our friends were not impressed either. The owner offered me a free glass of wine or dessert but I when I told him I don't like either nothing else was offered. Won't be going back and our friends won't let us choose the restaurant next time.....
5	I absolutely love this place!! The sushi IIs fantastic!! The people are super nice and attentive!!  I've been here 3 times & will keep coming back for more!!
4	Very enjoyable. This is the kind of place that has it's regulars and the employees know them all by name. The kind of establishment that I want to support and will continue to frequent. Try the Yoshi, and have the chocomoco for dessert. You can definitely spilt it with a friend. I did.
5	When it comes to vegetarian and vegan sushi options, this is the best spot I have found in Las Vegas. There are a number of vegetable rolls on the menu, all of them good. There are also non-sushi vegetarian items and, as a bonus, the miso soup at Miko's is vegan (and delicious, I might add).Another nice thing about Miko's is that they use organic tofu and miso. I'm sure this is reflected in the price, but I greatly prefer my tofu to be organic. Don't you?The proprieter of Miko's, Greg, is knowledgeable about vegetarianism and veganism, and understands the difference. He knows exactly which items are vegan and which are only vegetarian.I would tell you my favorite roll and suggest you try it, but I like them all. Try any of them that look good to you and you won't be disappointed.I can't speak to the rest of the menu (which is what most of you are interested in, I'm sure), but I can tell you that if you're a sushi lover with a vegetarian or vegan friend, this is the spot to bring them. They'll have lots of good options.
4	Always my favorite since discovering it on Yelp a couple of years ago.  Get off the strip and come here for a wonderful local Japanese experience.
3	We went right at FIVE PM, because they are NOT OPEN FOR LUNCH!!!! YUCK on that part! Chef was very friendly, older man at the register, I'm guessing owner???? Was not. Older waitress very nice too! A bit pricey and small. Did NOT like the exhibition kitchen, seen things i didn't want to. So if you sit at the bar, beware. Otherwise NOT BAD, I WOULD GO BACK.
5	Came here once we found out there were vegan options, when the owner Greg came by and greeted us, we asked about the vegan menu.  Greg started talking to us about being vegan and was one of the nicest restaurant owners who's ever greeted us.  Several other regulars came by to talk to Greg and he recognized and remembered them all.  I ordered vegan ramen and my boyfriend ordered vegan soba noodles.  Both were excellent and we ate it all.  The soba noodles had kale which I thought was a nice touch too.  When ordering beer, Greg asked what kind of beer we like, after my boyfriend explained his preference, Greg brought out the Angry boy ale- a Japanese micro beer.  This was perfect!  The meal, beer and service was excellent, Greg definitely made a huge difference in our dining experience and we will definitely return.  *check out Greg's paintings posted around the restaurant
4	If you're ever in the mood for sushi and you're in Vegas, but you want to stray away from the over-crowded and over-priced sushi from the strip. Head over to this sushi-gem (off the strip). The staff are all legitimate Japanese and so is the food. Quality sushi you can taste. My bf and I ordered the "Amy" roll and the "Yoshi" roll and two soft shell crab hand rolls. Definitely did not disappoint.
5	There are many things I can write on this local, neighborhood spot but most importantly they cater to the locals but tourists are always welcome. It's a quintessential sushi neighborhood restaurant and I have no doubt you will enjoy your food and service. The owners are Greg and Miko, she cooks, he serves and no doubt they will be here any night you come in for dinner.I'm from Vegas but also enjoy a local place. I'm not going to say the atmosphere will blow you away and they have rolls but it's not about those as much as it is the fresh fish, (sashimi and nigiri) teppan beef, ramen, and udon. So enjoy and the sparkling flavored sake called banzai bunny is the biz!
5	After coming here for the last six years and trying many other venues in the Las Vegas area, Miko's is without a doubt, the best authentic Japanese food in Las Vegas. There are a lot of really good American-Japanese and all-you-can-eat sushi places in the area,  and if that is what you are looking for, don't come to Miko's. If you are looking for fresh fish, gourmet sushi, and great cooked Japanese food, then you have found the right place.
5	Best Sushi In My Life!! Thank You Yoshi!!We went in and felt completely welcome and felt like regulars. We sat at the bar chatted with the head chef Yoshi. He keeps recommending and we kept eating. The man is very skilled, funny, smart, and nice.
4	Great chicken rice bowl! Absolutely wonderful! Great service. Love this little place!
5	It's not just the food that makes this place awesome, but the owner, the head Chef Yoshi and the entire family that runs it give excellent service. For apps my honey and I have fallen in love with Dynamite!! By far one of the best original appetizers we have ever had. I forgot to take a pic because I was so lost in it. The pot stickers are also a fave. Yoshi and Ichi rolls are very tastey. We have been back 4 times and it's always consistently yummy!!!
5	Love love love this place. It gets crowded so try to come during off hours. Every roll I have tried has been delicious. The people that work there make you feel like home.
5	We discovered Miko's in 2012 and have enjoyed every visit since especially because of their want to have vegan/vegetarian customers! The variety is MORE than impressive. It is my favorite vegetarian sushi restaurant, and BEATS the Bay Area's Cha-Ya. I appreciate being asked every time if we are vegetarian or vegan and being directed to "our" special part of the menu!If you are in the mood for ramen - this is place to be!! I have never not ordered the veggie ramen. Fantastic broth with kale and baby bok choy.All of the veggie rolls are flavorful. I have cycled through the entire veggie roll menu and have never been disappointed.Vegetarian miso is a plus! They are adding more organic vegetables to the current menu too!Worth the 10 minute drive from the strip! Miko's is the only restaurant that I will not skip going to when I am in Vegas!!!
2	Food was average but very OVERPRICED.  Wasn't sure why this place has high reviews.  Service was good but I think the owners talk to the customers too much.  There's a difference between checking in to see how the meal is going and having a 15 min plus conversation!  One positive thing was we got a recommendation for a dessert place and near it was an EXCELLENT Japanese restaurant.
5	I love this place! I like the decor, seating and it has a pleasant atmosphere. Good vibes and good energy. Staff and owners were super friendly. It's clean and you can tell they take pride in what they do. The bar is nice with a big screen tv. We ordered the Scallop Roll, Ichi Roll and hubby had the Mackerel. Soo good, fresh & full of flavor. The Ichi Roll was my favorite! Yummm. Pot stickers were perfect. Woke up the pallet that's for sure! Will make this a regular go to spot.
5	The food is always consistently awesome here. I love this place for my sushi fix!! Yoshi is an awesome chef and I love the owner's hospitality.
5	This place is awesome! Great for vegetarians. HUGE selection! Staff was very friendly. Super fast. And if you are not a vegetarian don't trip. They got your back too! They have hot meals too. Try the shitake mushroom roll. Its amazing.
5	First time tonight, very pleased with the food, service and the owner, very nice place overall! Highly recommended!
5	This is our favorite sushi place. And we LOVE sushi. We're also very picky when it comes to eating it. It's family owned and ran, and it feels like it. We get a warm welcome every time and dining there feels like they've opened their home to us. We love it, and we adore them. The fish is highest quality-need I say more?
5	Great sushi. And the chef came out and gave me *real* wasabi. Wo-hoo!
5	When you are thinking about sushi, the last place that you probably consider is one located in a strip mall in Las Vegas.   That being said, I urge you to push aside those thoughts and try Mikos in Las Vegas, on Windmill Ln.  It is about 5 miles south of The Strip.  The food is fantastic and the service is second to none!   Yoshi is quite the character and makes sure that you are getting the best you can get.  This place has everything you can think of; from the basic California roll to things for the more adventurous eater.  I like to think that I fall into the latter category.  I tried the Jay's Ying Yang, which is actually the whole fish (a smelt) or two wrapped into a roll and served with a side of Ponzu; delicious!   Another one that I would consider a must-have is the Yoshi's Hot.  The uni shooter is fantastic as well.  This place obviously doesn't get a lot of tourists; however, it should!  So, the next time you are in Las Vegas, and you are looking for great sushi, get off The Strip and head down to Mikos!
5	Some of the freshest sushi we've had in town. Good service with a very friendly staff! The chef takes a lot of pride in his food. Highly recommend!
2	We tried this place based on all the Yelp reviews.  What a disappointment. I feel like I threw away $40. We got 3 rolls and none of them were good. Fish was subpar.  Don't believe the hype!
5	Stopped by as I was craving real food ... No fluffy stuff.  Yoshi's Hamachi Kama was exquisitely prepared! Not fishy at all and just what I needed. Loved the lightly fried tofu with ginger and scallions in a sauce and a steaming bowl of rice with hot green tea. Always good to ear here. Good people and delicious food. Excellent service.
5	We found this place on Yelp and were not disappointed.  We tried a variety of appetizers and they were all delicious.  Tried fresh wasabi for the first time!  We ate gyoza, kushiyaki, agedashi tofu, sashimi plate and more, and there wasn't any leftovers.  Service was great and everyone was friendly.  Our only regret is that we didn't order any sushi.  We'll have to do that on another visit!  Thank you for a great dinner!
5	Such a warm, inviting atmosphere! Definitely not our first time here, but we felt the need to tell everyone how amazing it is! Family owned (and you feel the love) we always feel like a VIP when we come here and the food and quality are absolutely outstanding! The best of the best!!
5	Really yummy! Came here because Bachi burger was full. Was pleasantly surprised with really tasty dishes. Fish is very fresh too! Will be coming back to try more!
