4	If you are looking for a casual restaurant for lunch or dinner and you're in the mood for Italian food, Nick's at Paradise Valley (in the Whole Foods shopping center) is an excellent choice!Whether you're in the mood for pasta, pizza, soup, salad, fish, chicken, or veal, you can find something that you'll be happy with at Nick's.  I've been on several occasions and never been disappointed.  They always start you off with fresh bread and olive oil (a must for any good Italian restaurant)... don't allow yourself to eat the whole basket though; you must save room for what is coming!Some of my fave things to order are:-Grilled calamari appetizer (yes, I said grilled!) -Grilled eggplant appetizer-Stracciatella soup-all of their salads are delicious-pasta with meatballs -salmon or tilapia (picatta style)-Shrimp Fra DiavoloI don't think you can go wrong with so many options to choose from!  Portion sizes are generous but not ridiculous.  I recommend saving a little bit of room for the Hazelnut Tartufo for dessert... it's the perfect sweet ending to your meal (and it helps to cover up that garlic breath you probably have from your dinner)!FYI:  There is waiter service at this location - and the menu is a little different than that at their other Scottsdale locations.  Nick's won't blow you away, but it's a safe bet for a simple Italian meal with consistent service.  Take it for what it is... Buon appetito!
2	Average in an area filled with average Italian joints.  That actually makes it below average.  Pizza, great pizza, is easy to come by in Phoenix.  Nick's just does not have the quality of toppings or edge like an amazing crust or some sort of style.  Think freezer pizza.  For the other entrees, the pasta was good, but nothing that you could not make at home in 20 min.  Top it off with indifferent service and you've got a solid 2 star review.
4	Why: Nick's saved me from Olive Garden!  I'm not bashing the ol' Garden, but it isn't fun, unique, or original- nor does it have great ambiance.  This area is full of chains and I came up empty with suggestions when my friends and I decided to meet up for an Italian dinner.  Inside:Small and cozy.  I really enjoyed the ambiance.  It's nothing fancy, but it's also not too laid back- dimly lit with tables snuggled in close to each other.  Great date place. The Food:I had spaghetti with Alfredo, mushroom, chicken, and I believe one other ingredient that I can't recall.  It was pretty tasty.  Not my favorite all time pasta dish, but definitely worth getting again and better than plenty of places I've dined before.  Everyone seemed to be satisfied.  Bottom Line:If you are looking for Italian in this area, I can wholeheartedly recommend Nick's... at least over Olive Garden.  Also, I was the first to arrive and the bar was a welcome place to wait and have a glass of wine.  Not bad Nick, not bad!
2	I was originally going to dine at another place...then I saw "Nicks"I am a sucker for Italian food and try to visit every one I see and try the alfredo sauce....the best I have ever had is at some place in the Bellagio in Las Vegas...I walked in and was greeted and seated very quickly.....drink order very fast.Service was top notch...every time my ice tea got nearly drained...it was picked up...any questions answered...This place should really be a rated a $$$....my entree was $15 my girl's was $16 and her glass of wine was $9...mix that with salads...it came out to $57...So....with that much cash this alfredo must be outstanding right?Not even close....it was greasy and had lots of garlic, was not creamy and in my opinion didn't even taste like alfredo should....even olive gardens alfredo is better...Brios' sauce slaps it in the mouth! XDI ordered a side of the alfredo as my entree came with "pink" sauce.....which was a mix of red and white....they should have left the red alone...I also like my bread warm....this was not....oh wellIf the service had not been good...I would have knocked another star off.First visit...and most likely the last.
4	Nick's Italian is one of my new favorite little places. I have eaten there about six times. Some of their stuff is just okay, but some of it is great. The items that are great, are great enough to keep coming back. First of all, ANYTHING in the white wine garlic sauce is practically orgasm inducing! Especially the Penne a la Campagna! Penne pasta, chicken, spinach, mushrooms, and sun-dried tomatoes combined with the white wine garlic sauce make for a fantastic combination. The marinara sauce is very tasty, conidering it seems to be very basic. The Cioppino in the WWG sauce is probably my second favorite thing. It seemed like an overwhelming avalanche of multiple sea creatures; Shrimp, clams, mussels and calamari. all over a huge portion of linguini. I also highly reccomend the baked ziti with sausage... Its hot!!! Nick's has a great little dinning room. Small, but intimate. Its mildly reminiscent of some of the little restaurants in San Francisco or New York that i've been to. The service is very hit or miss. It seems like the female staff is much more enjoyable, not because of their gender, but because it seems like they know HOW to be friendly and efficient. Most of the servers at Nick's seem to be overworked, as they always rushing and and sometimes it takes longer then it should to be greeted. While there is one male server whos section i refuse to sit in, most of the other servers do a great job.
4	Wow. I was really shocked at how much I enjoyed Nick's considering it is inside a strip mall! I figured it would be more of a low-key type place, but it was really nice inside and the food was FANTASTIC. The only complaint I have is that every time someone opened the front door (which was frequent; the place was PACKED) it was absolutely freezing, but the restaurant was able to move us to an area away from the door and the problem was solved! I started with a glass of Riesling, as usual. I was happy that it was only $5 per glass versus the normal $8, and I was not disappointed with the taste. The busser immediately brought us waters and bread with dipping oil. I could have eaten it all day!!! I opted for something not even on the menu: Penne pasta with pink sauce (combo of white and red). It was ABSOLUTELY Delicious!!! The service was great, and I love that our waiter even had an accent! Overall, I really enjoyed Nicks and will be back for sure!
4	I came here on a date Saturday afternoon and have to say, this place is great!  Holy cow!  Total gem!This place is suprisingly located in a strip mall of all things.  I walked in and really liked how the place was decorated.  Its not a huge resturant, but has a more fancy feel to it.  Not a place I would walk into with jeans on.  Classy enough to put on a nice outfit for a great experience.  (Im normally not a fancy diner, but for dates, I tend to turn it up a notch.)I was impressed with the service that I had here.  Menu is loaded with just about any and every dish you could imagine. I like variety, and this place had it.  Our meal started off with a bread basket and some dipping oil which I liked a lot.  Server got our drinks and we took our time reviewin the menu.  I went with the Lasanga.  I think my date had the chicken parm.Servings were nice and big!  Tasty too!  It was funny, because even though the service was great, the service was kinda funny.  Date took notice and we had a good laugh about it.  I was taking my time with my lasgana, and the server kept asking me all the time if I was done. I kept telling him "no, I'm just a slow eater." Then, he would come back like 5 minutes later and ask the same thing again.  rinse, wash, repeat for the last half hour of the date.  Plus, the mexican bus boy literally stood table side to refill my beverage after I took more then 2 sips.  It was actually hysterical!  Date and I had a great chuckle over this!Anyways, I really enjoyed my experience at Nicks.  I guess they have several valley locations, and I plan on returning.   Great place for dates, parents, or just something nice!
4	My husband and I went to Nick's tonight for dinner, we split the chicken marsala with a side of spaghetti arabiatta. The spaghetti was really good as was the marsala. We also had a tiramasu, which was huge, we split it and still had to take half home. All of our dishes were really good, the bill was $24, which was good, considering the quality of ingredients. We can't wait to go back for happy hour.
4	You just never know what gems are hidden in strip malls.  I was craving some good Italian food, and am so glad I decided to try Nick's!  Right when I walked in the door I knew I was in for a good experience - the wonderful aroma of garlic was in the air...It is a cozy space, divided into a bar section and a slightly larger dining room section.  It was nicely decorated, and each table held a small vase with fresh baby roses - cute!  Upon being seated, a basket of assorted breads and dipping oil was brought to the table, which started everything off just right.  Tasty!  The menu is extensive - a LOT of writing on those pages - there is pretty much something for everyone, and I wanted to try it ALL.  It was hard to choose, since so many items on the menu looked great, and there was also a long list of tempting specials that evening.  I wondered how many times a night our waiter (who by the way was great) had to recite that entire list - the descriptions were pretty detailed!  I decided on the shrimp scampi and my friend had the linguine with white clam sauce.  Both were excellent.  The portions were generous but not overwhelming - more than enough to feel pleasantly full and and still leave with small to-go containers.  For dessert, we shared a chocolate-chip cannoli, which was a perfect finish to a great meal.I can't wait to go back!  Soon!
4	Nick's is a small local chain that does a lot of things right. The portions and service are just right, and there's a lot of variety on the menu. Nick's has a bunch of home made pastas, along with pizza, salads, and appetizers. They have a soup that sort of like a Chinese egg drop combined with minestrone. Try it! I'd recommend this spot for lunch or dinner, business or pleasure. Don't forget to check the board for the specials and try something new.
4	I am not a huge Italian food fan, while I enjoy some good ole spaghetti every now and then, when given the choice, you are more likely to find me munching on some chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  But with that being said, when I do get a sudden craving for Italian, Nick's is my number one choice.I really like the quaint atmosphere....but it is the food that keeps me coming back.  I hadn't been to Nick's in probably over a year, but it is by my parent's house, so we went for a quick dinner the other night.  They always have really enticing specials, like Seafood Risotto or Manicotti.  The menu is HUGE, spanning from pasta, to filled pastas , chicken and veal dishes and even pizza.  They make a good pizza, and I especially adore their gnocchi in the vodka sauce, but my favorite thing to get is the Chicken Parmesan.  This version is not breaded at all; it is just sauteed and then topped with an amazing red sauce and mozzarella cheese.  It is not what you would expect, but it is delicious!  You get your choice of either a side of pasta or vegetables, I usually get the sauteed veggies because they are so good; a nice combination of broccoli, cauliflower, squash and carrots.  They are cooked perfect and even better when dipped in the extra sauce.Oh, I almost forgot, they also give you this delicious focaccia bread and olive oil for dipping when you sit down, it is so fresh it just melts in your mouth!So if you are willing to pass on the all you can eat salad at the Olive Garden....you should give Nick's a try!
3	Nick's offers great Italian comfort food with a pleasant but no-frills ambiance. The eggplant appetizer is tasty, as are the bruschetta and antipasti starters. For mains, they typically have a halibut "special" that is worth a try. For the traditionalists,  you can't go wrong with the eggplant or chicken parmigiana (both good indicators of a solid Italian restaurant) and the lemon chicken is tasty.  As tempting as it sounds, steer clear of the  butternut squash ravioli...it's just too sweet!
4	I could eat pasta all day long and so living across the street from the place is torture (torture because I *shouldn't* eat pasta all day long). Anyway I might be exaggerating but this place is really good. It can be a little spendy but I find that the portion sizes are generous. My dish is the baked ziti with bolognese sauce & that runs about $12, I can eat the whole thing in one sitting but I do sometimes force myself to stop and take half of it home. The menu is HUGE though, I just stick to what I like. The atmosphere is nice, better for small groups rather than large but I think they can be accomodated when necessary. I've wanted to sit at the bar but haven't done it yet. Nice patio as well. It is in a strip mall next to a beauty supply store but what's new in this town? Highly recommended!
5	We love Nick's!! We are huge fans of Italian food so when we moved into the area we decided to try out Nick's. The food is amazing! Every pasta is hand made and the sauces are delicious! We also love the atmosphere. Not a large place and can get a little busy on the weekends.
5	I just realized that I have never wrote an actual review on Nick's, my favorite Phoenix spot. Maybe it's the nostalgia? I've been coming here since High School. Maybe it's the casual, family owned atmosphere? No matter which location you visit, you'll most likely see Nick checking up on things. Most importantly, it's the consistency. No matter which location you choose, it all tastes great, every time. For me, this is good Italian food, but in the American way. If you're looking for real Italy italian, you may choose another spot, but I find the typical Lasagna, Ravioli, Baked Zitti to be fantastic! I love their Bolognese, and if you notice on my profile, my last meal on earth would be their chicken parmesan with a side of spaghetti bolognese- each entree comes with a huge side of either fresh veggies or pasta. The portions are huge, so I love to eat some, and it's always even better the next day! Here are a few of my favorite dishes:  -Di Mare Salad (with grilled calamari like Gabi M says)- Tilapia Picatta- Chicken Ravioli (my best friend Natalie always tells me that if you get     the Chicken tortellini, you actually get more!)-Chicken Parm (note the above)-Baked Ziti (have them add meatballs)-Cannoli (I'm pretty sure I could spoon feed the filling like ice cream! Was that too much?) Go to any one of their locations for a casual, quick Italian meal- I'm never disappointed!
3	I have recently become addicted to checking reviews to new places to eat before I head out & based on other reviews was pretty optimistic about trying Nick's.  My boyfriend and I got there for an early dinner (around 5ish) and were seated very promptly.  The decor was simple and classy, fresh flowers and cool colors filled the room. The server was prompt and rehearsed spiel-less, which I always find to be a plus.  The busser was quick to refill beverages before half empty and offer more of the delicious bread once we had finished the original.  The bread is a highlight, there were two options, one a common french loaf type and the other a lighter, beautifully seasoned variety.  To dip your bread in there was a nice seasoned olive oil.  The food took a fairly decent amount of time to arrive considering there were only 6 or so tables, plus the happy hour crowd at the bar top.  Perhaps they were understaffed in the kitchen, who knows, I didn't dock them any stars for that.  The thing that got me to click 3 vs. 4 stars however was the fettuccine alfredo.  The plate arrived to the table and I had dreams of what I was about to dig into (beautiful memories of the sadly closed Pasta Pomedoro came to mind)  However, these dreams were not realized.  The noodles, although lovely and wider fettuccine type, were over cooked and verging on mushy.  And the sauce, while it smelled lovely, lacked any sort of mouthwatering goodness.  We also shared the pizza, which was a fabulous price, but nothing to write home about.Although we left Nick's not planning to come back as soon as we can, I think based on other reviews that perhaps we just did not find their star dishes, and for the price (2 sodas, pizza, and pasta for $26) I will most likely be willing to give this place a try again.  And after all, I did not have an opportunity to try their tiramisu, (how I truly give Italian eateries the thumbs up or the boot) so I will have to make sure to try that next time...
5	Fabulous little Italian joint with a couple other Valley locations. I went here for a friend's birthday, had some drinks, bruschetta and the Chicken Parmesan. The bruschetta was fabulous - the bread was toasty and there were just the right amount of tomatoes. The Chicken Parmesan was mouth-watering. I am a big fan of this dish in general and Nick's did not disappoint!An overall great atmosphere, good portions and a friendly staff will definitely bring me back to Nick's again. Highly recommended!
5	I was originally in town for business but then connected with family and ended up celebrating our belated birthdays at Nick's. All I can say is that I wish this place was right around the corner from me. It was SO GOOD!!! I could totally become a regular at this place. It's nothing but high points folks:1. Authenticity - the waiters are actually, get this, ITALIAN!2. Service - fast and friendly, which is impressive for such a popular place.3. Beverages - good selection of affordable wines and specialty drinks. The house Pinot Grigio was great.4. Seating - though it's small inside and by the looks of it, very popular, we walked in and were seated immediately without a reservation. 5. Food - 5 stars! FANTASTIC! The bread that comes when you are seated is delish (and a generous selection of a few different breads). We started with the yummy antipasto salad - fresh and delicious. It could only by topped by the entrees - each meal was so good and was a decent portion - Shrimp Scampi, Baked Ziti and Butternut Squash Ravioli (my fave). Though definitely full, I couldn't resist dessert and ordered a cannoli. Oh...my...gosh... delicious. Such a fantastic meal. I hope that business or other travel brings me back again.
3	I have driven by this place for a while now so I finally went for lunch. I must have got the wrong thing. I ordered the alfredo with chicken. The chicken was ok, lacked seasoning. The alfredo sauce was very thin and watery and totally bland. I did not care for it at all. The fetticcini noddles were ok. They are fresh and big in size. I see lots of good reviews, so they must have something there they do really good. If I do go back ill try the marinara sauce with chicken parm or the  pizza. Staff was very friendly and quick service.
4	Went to lunch today and had the eggplant parm. Awesome! Such a great sauce, and opted for the steamed veggies as my side. Yummers! Would recommend if you are in the area and craving great Italian food.
3	Good, consistent food in a nice setting with good service.  This is not stand out Italian food, but still worth checking out!
4	Seriously? I didn't review this place? Oops!I've been here twice now and must say there is some good food coming out of their kitchen. The Eggplant Parmesan has some AMAZING sauce with it unlike any I've had before. A lot of red sauces all taste somewhat similar but this is something special.Both times I've come home with leftovers so portions are on the larger size. Complimentary bread and oil starts your meal off. Service has always been spot on.My only major gripe about the place is the seating and size of the place. Be warned... this location is SMALL. Both times I went I ended up with ass in my face when someone sat next to me was leaving.
1	I usually poke fun at Olive Garden as having bland food for people that have no idea what Italian food should really taste like, yet I'd still choose them over Nick's. I've read and respect the other reviews, and perhaps we just caught a bad night, but Nick's was awful. We began with a service issue however that was minor and not worth repeating. That problem would have been easily overlooked if the meal was good. Instead, we got uninspired bland food that seemed like it came right out of the jar or box. The are too many quality choices in the area or not too far from he that are much better. I would not go back to Nick's.
4	Great little Italian place.  Very small dining area, so a long wait.  The food was good.  The arrabiatta was actually spicy which is rare here since most places dumb it down for the general population.  Service was good.  A solid 4 star place.
4	Nick's has Portobello mushroom ravioli that can be served with their house pink sauce.  It's one of the best things I've ever tasted.
2	Nick's has been a pretty popular gathering place for a group of my friends. I have had their pizzas, calzones,  and chicken parmesan. Those dishes have been pretty good. Last night I wanted to try something new, so I tried the baked ziti with meatballs. I don't recommend it. The issue was that it was overcooked. The ziti was rubbery and the dish was dry. The ends of the ziti were hard and crunchy. The best thing about the dish was the meatballs. Even though my food was not up to par, the service was exceptionally good.
3	Nick's is a solid Italian restaurant located in the Whole Foods strip mall. I have sought them out for take out several times, but just recently dined in. The place is small and cozy and there is a separate bar area and a nice patio. The food is good, not amazing, but definitely worth the price.Things I have tried that I would recommended:Chicken Tortellini: chicken, spinach, pink sauce (which is a vodka sauce)Mushroom Ravioli with pink sauceButternut Ravioli in a garlic butterCalamariAntipasto SaladThey also have a decent wine selectionThe servers have always been prompt and attentiveWhile this isn't a place I would drive and seek out if you live in the neighborhood it is a great weekday "go to" and has made it in my rotation when I don't feel like cooking. 3 1/2 stars!
2	I read all the hype on this place and was hoping for some great food and instead left wishing we had just eaten fast food. I tried the old staple of chicken parmesan as it seemed a popular choice and I will never go there again.  It tasted like a frozen chicken patty with canned tomato sauce.  It came with spaghetti on the side and that too was not only overcooked, but just gross.My girlfriend had the gnocchi with pink sauce and again it underwhelmed.  I know finding good gnocchi is difficult but to me, the sauce again fell flat.  It all tasted store bought and out of cans or jars.When I go out somewhere I want to eat something that I can't fix at home myself.  Not only could I have made it but I could have made it MUCH better.  The only redeeming thing I liked about the food was the bread at the start.  As for the ambience, it is small and had a quiet feel to it but looking around, all the artwork (most of) are pictures you buy from Target...And there wasnt much other decor around to give you that Italian feel to it other than the waiter's accent which to me seemed very over the top whether he is authentic or not.  Sometimes I couldn't even understand him. Either way, for the price I know you can get better Italian food.  Try Cucina Tagliani.  I felt Nick's was overpriced, underwhelming, and not worth me ever going back.  It wasn't the worst food in the world but it wasn't anything memorable by any means.
1	My friend Joan was going to meet me at Nourish123 in Scottsdale on Monday, but luckily, we both noticed that it's closed on Monday so we ended up meeting at Nick's at Tatum and Shea.  We go where we have groupons, etc. and she had one to try it out.I can honestly say that I was quite happy and surprised when I showed up first and saw a sign outside of the restaurant which said they were featuring a gluten free pizza for less than $10!  I was all set to just have a salad but this changed my mind.........since I figured an Italian place would have great pizza!I entered the restaurant and saw that I had arrived first so the Host greeted me and I told her I was meeting a friend.  She said that she'd bring her over when she got there and seated me.  She asked what I wanted to drink and left to get my Iced Tea.  She came back with the Tea and a bowl of bread, which I asked her to remove until Joan showed up.......too hard to look at something I love and can't have!Then she informs me that they closed at 2:00 p..m.  I really don't understand why she failed to mention this to me when I sat down!  We might have decided to dine elsewhere....and before I ordered a $3 Iced Tea.  It wouldn't have bothered me to order a $3 Iced Tea if it were good but it tasted like Lipton Tea which had been in the canister for a week............you know, when it tastes like tin?So Joan arrived and we decided to eat anyway........and I ordered the GF pizza with tomato slices, mushrooms and onion.  Joan got a bowl of soup and salad.  We chatted and waited for our food.  The pizza looked pretty decent with lots of mushrooms and veggies present but upon tasting it I was immediately aware of no spice taste.  It tasted like they opened a can of tomato sauce and poured it on the pizza. Between the pizza and the Iced Tea and them not letting us know that they closed in half an hour, I'd have to say that I would never go back or recommend the place.  When we didn't have a large enough order to even make using the groupon worth while, Joan asked for a dessert to go...and was told that there was nobody present to even prepare it, sorry!  Yeah.  I'll never go back!  That's ridiculous!
4	Amazing calamari@
3	Chicken Marsala and alfredo sauce were delicious, but the marinara sauce left little to be desired. I would have preferred the bread that was brought to the table to be warm or at least soft. All in all ok but we probably won't be back.
4	Solid food and execution.  While my experience varies a bit as I make my way through the menu, their hits ensure that this is a regular part of the rotation.  They execute a halibut dish that is both easy on the palate and light on the calorie counter.Their bread is among the best.  Truly great Italian American food.
3	My boyfriend and I ate here because he had a groupon. Normally I don't dig italian but I tried to stay open....The menu is great and all but, man, SALTY food! My minestrone soup was good, but both my salad (who salts a salad??!!!) and my boyfriend's Chicken parmigiana dish were SO heavily salted you could barely taste any distinct flavors. The service was good, and all else but man, I couldn't drink enough fluid the rest of the night to
5	I love this place! I love sitting outside here! The seating is very comfortable. The atmosphere is very laid back and elegant. Even though they were busy at the time our waiter was very attentive. I had the Gnocchi soup for the first time. I am sad that I can't find a place that  could compare to that of Nick's Gnocchi. I also had the Caesar salad which was yummy! This is such a nice place for a date or a night out with the family. This is also my grandfathers favorite restaurant in Phoenix!
1	Much has changed in the two years since my initial review.  Apparently Nick's has decided to toss customer service out the window.  I should have known it would be a problematic visit when it took nearly 15 minutes to be acknowledged to put in our order.  Well, it only got worse.  After nearly 45 minutes of waiting, we realized that our food was never, ever going to arrive.  Ever.  Time to leave, and never come back.  Ever.
1	should of gone elsewhere. we thought we were taking our friends to something different and unique, but what we had was mediocre bread and salad. horribly salty entrees, and incredibly slow service.
2	Definitely nothing to write home about. Generic Italian food.  Pizza crust wasn't bad, but the pastas we had were on the gummy side.  Also the Mozzarella Carrozza appetizer was nothing more than deep fried grilled cheese sandwich. Tomato sauce tasted like canned tomatoes heated up. Lame.
2	dinner is ususally good but last week my wife had a hair on the lemon garnish and the waiter just picked it off with his hands...gross.  WE insisted on another entree.  Nothing was credited or offered.
2	I've held off for a couple of years for posting a review, but it's time.  Why do they have to overcook their pasta?  I've tried requesting the whole wheat pasta (supposedly homemade) al dente, repeatedly requesting "do not overcook;"  we get home and well, my spaghetti and meatballs is pretty tasteless.  I wish there were other restaurants in PV, but things are so limited around here, that I guess their chef can get away with pre-cooking their pasta, slapping some sauce on it and charging $18 for it.  I hope someone is reading this as I told them I'd be posting as calling back after and complaining does no good.  Maybe other people complain that their spaghetti is not overcooked enough???!!!Anyway, I really have to take the blame for this, as I should just get some homemade pasta right next door at Whole Foods and do it myself.  Sorry for the rant, my Yelp friends, but why can't Giacomo's of Boston open up a restaurant in Phoenix?
3	I really like eateries that are high-energy and bustling, especially ones that have their dining area set up as one big room. So it is with Nick's Italian in Paradise Valley (there are two more locations in the Valley). The upbeat, high-energy restaurant makes you sort of feel like you're in someone's home, since the seating quarters are close.The food is all handmade, and I really enjoyed my meal, too. My pal and I grabbed a seat at one of the bar high-top tables, and we started off with the Caprese salad ($7.95). It wasn't huge of anything, but the mozarella was high-quality, the tomatoes were juicy, and the basil was ample.For my entree, I got the Portobello Mushroom Ravioli ($15.95). The pasta was filled with delicious mushrooms, which I really enjoyed. I liked the pink sauce the ravioli was served with, but I wish it would have had fresh tomatoes in it. Also, I felt like the portion could have been a little more generous.Here is my pal's Veal Parmesan ($17.95), which he said was pretty darn awesome because the veal was tender and the sauce was tasty.The meal-ender, the tiramisu ($6), was a great deal, really delicious and perfect to share. The mascarpone cream was mouth-watering, and the ladyfingers melted in my mouth. Tiramisu is my favorite dessert, and that was definitely my favorite part of the meal.While I enjoyed Nick's Italian, and I did appreciate the twinkly lit patio, I would choose Arrivederci over Nick's if you're in the area, based on the service alone. We were in a busy area near the bar, but servers should still strive to make you feel welcomed and relaxed no matter how buzzy the place is, and I didn't really get that vibe from our server. If you do go, try to get a table in the main dining area or patio-maybe things would feel a little more welcoming.
5	My friend and I when here one day for lunch and we were both very impressed. Both of our dishes were beyond delish! We also had kiddos with us and though they didn't have a kids menu they still catered to them and had no problem they were with us (of course they were very well behaved). I took a look at their dinner menu and though it is a little pricy I really want to go back and give it a try. I love all of the seafood options! Service and atmosphere were both very nice as well.
2	My husband located this place and wanted to try it because they had gnocchi on the menu and that's the only thing he likes in the world of Italian food.  They make their own pasta here and I have to say the pasta was very good.  I had chicken fettucine alfedo.  The fettucine was good, the chicken was good... the sauce, not so much.  Bland and boring!  My husband had a lemon chicken dish with gnocchi on the side.  I did not like the pink sauce on the gnocchi one bit and when I tried his chicken I didn't taste lemon, I tasted wine.  Yuck.  I like that they make their own pasta but they really need better sauces to go with it.  Very limited indoor seating as well, and when it's 108 degrees, sitting outside is NOT appealing.
4	We frequent this place quite a bit since we live close by. It's a quintessential neighborhood restaurant. The food is consistently good. We love the arriabiata sauce (although sometimes it is spicier than other times - mostly good & spicy.) The pizzas are good, and so are their specials. I've had the halibut special several times and it is always tender & flaky, not overcooked. The steamed veggies aren't soft but have a nice crunch to themGreat happy hour offers, too :-) - if you can find a place in the bar area! They are usually packed.
4	Nick's is our favorite Italian restaurant in the valley.  The Baked Ziti is the best.  We frequent Nick's once a month.  Great happy hour specials and friendly staff.
4	well-done concept of cute, cool fair-priced Italian food, sophisticated enough wine list, and genrally upbeat, fun, not anti-family vibe filling the place.Food was very good and service spot-on. Excellent value and great save for the dad in-a-pinch for "no time to make dinner" or for take-out needs.
2	Nick's is local to me and I would have loved to make this a fav as I can walk to it. My first visit I sat in the bar after having sushi next door. This was o.k. and I may repeat this. However, on my next visit my friend and I tried to enjoy dinner. We were asked to sit at a smaller table outside vs. a larger table for bigger parties. Ok but when some people came in that were repeat customers and they sat at the table we wanted but there were only two, well that was somewhat rude. Then the waiter catered to their order and needs over ours. Such as when he did bring our food and asked us if we wanted parmesan cheese. We said yes. He then went to the kitchen and retrieved the food for his favorite customers and then brought the cheese for them and then brought it to us. Maybe they are big tippers but as someone that was looking to be a regular I may have been too. The food was good but for gluten free they really do not have many choices. I have been going to another restaurant in the area and they have excellent choices with better service. Unless I am dragged here again I most likely will not return for their food.
1	Been a patron for years. Eat- In and Carry-Out, never a tab below $50. Disappointed again last night for the last time. Food was inedible, we joked that we should feed it to our dog, but we really love our dog, threw it away. Shrimp Emperial, $18.95, Shrimp was clearly frozen too long and tainted the whole watery, bland dish with bad fish smell. Baked Ziti, $10.95, watery, bland, have had better from a can. Biggest disappointment... Antipasto Misto, $10.95 for Oscar Meyer and Rubbery Caprese. Really sad because it used to be a great neighborhood restaurant, now its perfect if you're from out of town, don't like good Italian, and will never be back.
5	We live in N.J. and have  plenty of Italian restaurants near us that serve good food ,but Nick's surprised us by being so good.  Their chicken parm was fabulous and had the most delicious sauce.  My sister-in-law had a wonderful  chicken dish with spinach,mushrooms and melted mozzarella cheese. Good bread and great service convinced us that this is a restaurant we are going to recommend.
1	Dirty, slow service, I've had better food out of a can! And so busy. Obviously we don't get it and or have been spoiled by fresh quality ingredients all over town.
4	My boyfriend and I love this place. We go for happy hour. Our favorites: Baked Ziti, pizza, ravioli and red wine.
4	It's like I have to psych myself up to go to Nick's every time, because I forget how much I love it but last night, I had to personally thank the owner for serving quality food at a fair price (you can get a glass of wine for $7 and an entree for $13-$15)... it's a bonus that it is close to home! So, even though, for some reason, I keep forgetting that I actually REALLY LIKE the food here, I'm a BIG fan of Nick's. I especially recommend the arrabiata, the gnocchi, and the stracciatella.
4	We decided to try Nicks at Pinnacle Peak on Friday night and our server was Jake. Jake was great and the manager who came over to ask how everything was was extremely pleasant also. We were given a taste of bruschetta, which was a nice touch, and our salads arrived which were very fresh and very large! My husband ordered the veal chop and grilled vegetables and I ordered chicken breast with cheese, tomatoes garlic...sorry cannot remember the a tubal name of the dish.  My husbands veal chop was perfectly cooked and swimming in a cream, red onion sauce which was delicious!  WAY TOO MUCH SAUCE. The vegetables were perfect and served on the side. Now if you are looking for a dish that is beautifully presented, and garnished in an appealing way....this is not the place.  The great thing about not garnishing is that the food comes out HOT and looks like it is home cooked...a very good upside.  As for my chicken.......disappointing, very bland. A few Italian herbs added at home the next day perked it right up!  The manager said that he found it lacking in flavor too. HHMMMmmmmmm why doesn't he talk to the chef about that? WE WILL GO BACK...best veal chop in town according to my husband.
5	Just had another incredible meal at this place. I'm a bit of a "foodie" so I have tried nearly every Italian restaurant in the area. Hands down, this is still the best.Part of the charm is that Nick is such a lovely man. And this is evident when you meet the staff- it is clear that they love their working here. Everyone guest who comes in is treated like an old friend, which is probably why we all keep coming back.5 stars is not enough~
5	My husband and I have been living in ax for 20 years. Nicks is our favorite. Weekly we are there enjoying happy hour to eggplant parmigiana, and chicken Marsala and salmon at dinner time. Happy hour has "good food instead of fried food floating in oil like most other restaurants". Personally I enjoy his tomatoe sauce, simple spices and delicious, the staff is always professional and courteous even in their busiest times
3	This place has what I'd call good pizza, but the lasagna was just awful so skip that completely.
4	Well, reading these reviews it seems like there are 2 totally separate Nick's in the same place!We went, the first time, on a groupon, we had the seafood linguini with white garlic sauce and I thought I was in Italy or Sicily.  It was amazing, tasted home made and real!   Service.... Well it seemed the "other servers" were taking better care of their customers than ours.   To get 5 stars all has to be fabulous!2nd time, wonderful food (I ordered the same thing, just can't get over how good that was) and the service was worse, including mistakes on the bill.   Nick is a great host and, when I get to know him better, I might talk about the friendly, but sub par service.  Something is just miss there.The place is crowded which attests to the excellent food.  In my NSH opinion, this is real Italian!  How you can compare Olive Garden to ANY real Italian place is beyond me.  Obviously, you belong in Olive Garden if that is your "standard" that you compare Italian food to.  I'll take Nicks!   Now I want the cannoli.... After reading about them here!I've never been to happy hour, but my son says it's pretty good as well.
5	OMG you talk about getting lucky when you happen to pop into a new restaurant.  Had never heard of this place - had never seen it before, and we just walked in after shopping near by.AMAZING!  My wife and I have been there a few times now and every time it just got better.  (Probably because we ditched the kids for some adult time)  Not that you have to... they'll feed them too.Last time I was there I got the lobster ravioli and it was to die for!  I love italian food and Nick's is my favorite.  I don't know for certain that it's all made from scratch, but it sure looks and tastes that way.Perfect food.  Great service.
1	There is a new knitting store on Elmer Street in Westfield, N. J.Go there if you want to be treated really badly. I went in with a friend to get a credit for wool I bought 3 weeks ago and had not used. The day I bought it, June 1 was Opening Day and everything was 20 % off. I didn't remember it was on sale and said I hoped they would take it back for a credit since they just opened. She shouted "Bye bye loudly over and over in a loud voice and shooed me out of the store. I was stunned.There is a much bigger and well stocked store in Clark, N.J  and I will be going there from now on.
5	Fabulous food
2	This review is only for Nick's on Tatum Blvd.  This place is real small and very dark.  You will need a flashlight to read the menu if you come in after dark.  We had a groupon so we went to this location and I was very disappointed.  I ordered the Linguine with eggplant and chicken, when they brought it out, it was a very small dish and I thought they made a mistake giving me the lunch portion, but they said no it was a dinner portion.  very very small portion and I was still hungry afterwards.  Also they do not make their cheesecake in house they buy in from someplace else and it was over 50 ingredients in which are all genetically modified.  Cheesecake can be made simply with 4 or less ingredients... The food is just average at this location.  There are many other Italian places in town which are far better.
3	Pretty middle-of-the-road, food-wise. I don't think you'll be disappointed if you're looking for standard Italian fare, but it's the kind of stuff you can make yourself pretty easily at home.We kinda pigged out here, as we bought the $20 for $40 Groupon; I got a calzone, the lady got a pizza, and we shared a plate of gnocchi. Again, it all was good but not spectacular or anything. As dumb as it sounds, I wish they had a Groupon option of $20 for $10 or something; if you're only eating for two, $40 of food is a lot of food here. If you don't have the Groupon, you're still paying about $20 for two entrees, so either it's pay that or gorge with the $40 Groupon- kinda lose-lose (but not really, because we're fat Americans).Anyway, waiter was great and the atmosphere's all right- dark-lit Italian restaurant and all'a that. Everything seemed clean, et cetera.
5	Moving from Chicago - the land of awesome Italian food - I'm so happy I found this place on a groupon. Bruschetta was awesome and flavorful as well and the wine recommended by our server was perfect. The pizza looked awesome ill be sure to try next time, however if you're in the mood for pasta be sure to get the arrabiata sauce. It's packed with flavor and not too spicy!!
3	Decided to gamble on a groupon to Nicks, overall it was okay. Started with the garlic cheesy bread which was awful. Next was the baked ziti which was a little dry but decent. Tried some lasagna which was good. The best item was the pizza which was similar to Red Devils pizza. Service was fast and the plates were scolding hot which was perfect for me. Price was just right for the portions just wish everything tasted as good as the pizza.
5	Stopped by for dinner on a Tuesday evening. Was seated right away and provided a basket of bread. Ordered a red wine and Penne Pesto with chicken. Excellent meal and excellent wine. The pasta was properly cooked and the pesto sauce was the perfect temp and consistency.  Service was quick. I will go back on my next trip to Scottsdale.
4	We visited after the holiday rush and they still seemed to be busy so we waited 15 minutes. No problem, we had a few drinks at the bar and took in the ambiance. We were served herbed olive oil and bread with our wine which was a nice touch. Prices are pretty reasonable and you receive a lot of food. For $20 I got the lobster ravioli and it was delicious. The pasta was fresh, the ravioli were satisfactorily stuffed, and the cream sauce was tomatoey. The service was excellent, I really hate it when waiters hover. For what it is, Nick's is decent Italian fare. You won't exclaim, "OMG, I am back in Italy!!" while you are eating but it's fresh, it's tasty, and the variety and servings are great.
3	This is mediocre but decent food. Clean enough and decent service. The food lacks spice and presentation is really sloppy. Probably the best thing is the grilled vegetables. The lasagna is decent. The.coffee is insipid. I will say the location is convenient.
4	Had a lunch meeting at Nick's. The food is an excellent mix of  savory italian and american fusion tastes. Very good!The service was very nice and helpful. They were always ready to serve w/first class service.The atmosphere is quaint and small town, which gives you a comfortable relaxing feeling during your meal.
1	Just found a hair in my salad.....absolutely disgusting.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.
3	Service horrible.  Don't get Orlando as waiter if you want you food to come out in a reasonable time.  Very unprofessional.  They should be ashamed.  Food was good though.
4	Great neighborhood spot!  I had heard about Nick's from my sister who loves Italian and gave it a great review.  They were very busy when we got there and it took us 45 minutes just to order!  That  and the lack of flavor in the tiramusu were the only reasons I gave it 4 stars, not 5.  Our server was very friendly and provided great service once it calmed down.  We split a large salad(Spinach Walnut) to start, which was delicious!  I had the shrimp scampi dish with linguini and it was great.  Super garlicky(which I LOVE) and the shrimp were huge!  I will definitely be back to try Nick's again.
2	All of our friends kept suggesting we try Nick's, especially for Happy Hour.  We finally made it in and we were so disappointed. The Happy Hour menu is strange. Who orders spaghetti and meatballs for Happy Hour?! It is silly you have to sit in the bar for happy hour where is packed but the restaurant is completely empty. The bartender made us feel rushed and he spilled wine on my husband as he sloppily poured him a glass. There are much better places in the neighborhood. Go there instead of Nick's.
5	Wow!  A new favorite!  A friend recently recommended Nick's and I was so happy that she did!  WONDERFUL food - I had the crab ravioli and it was fantastic!  Will definitely be back - it's a gem!
5	Nick's is a great little neighborhood Italian place. Of which there are not many in Phoenix.  It's small and intimate, the food is consistently good; my husband is always impressed with how fresh the fish and seafood is - we do live in the desert. He grew up on the east coast, lots of good Italian and fresh seafood so the fact that they make him happy says something.  Service is always good, Orlando always knows who we are and takes good care of us. There was a time in the past where service was lacking, and it was something they were aware of which is why they had a "now hiring servers" sign up. Shortly after, they had some new people about the place and service was back on point.  I've never had a dish I didn't like here, and I'm the kind of person who likes to try all the menu has to offer; sometimes seafood, sometimes chicken, sometimes veggie - ravioli, linguini etc... It's all good. A favorite of mine is the farfalle salmon, it's a repeat on occasion.  Check out Nick's!
3	The good first.  I ordered the crab ravioli and the hubs ordered a wedge salad.  Both meals were delicious.  They brought out a basket of various breads including garlic knots.  That was a definite plus, I love variety not to mention the offerings were delectable.  I also ordered a tiramisu to-go.  The tiramisu was okay.  I prefer it with chocolate liqueur sauce but they use cocoa powder as a garnish instead.  Now the bad.  The wait.  I understand they were moderately busy and the place is quite small but waiting for 15 minutes after receiving our drinks just to order is a bit on the ridiculous side.  If they were staffed properly this would not be an issue as I saw only one server running around the entire restaurant and she was quite rushed with everything.  They really should have a backup server during busy times.  Or at the very least have who I suspected was the bartender help out rather than stand around and watch the dining room.  One thing that I found humorously interesting is when the server took my drink order.  I ordered a Mr. Pibb after seeing it on the website's menu.  She comes back with the hubs drink but quickly tells me that they don't have Mr. Pibb and hands me the beer menu asking me to choose another drink.  I quickly ordered a root beer instead which she hastily obliged.  The hubs and I couldn't help but giggle that she didn't realize that Mr. Pibb is a soda, not a beer.  So in conclusion, the food is good but they need to be staffed properly.
5	This is my second time dining at Nick's, but my first time at this location. I am again impressed. The food here is always good and interesting. My only complaint: I'm not crazy about the GF pasta they have chosen to use, though; the quinoa flavor/texture isn't great, so I hope they will switch to a better brand like Jovial. The gluten-free menu, however, is extensive and the dishes are very good. The staff are always friendly and attentive. Tonight my companion had the crab ravioli and said it was delicious! I had Pasta Pollaio. Both were delicious! Although we came in about half an hour before close, staff were completely professional and friendly. The restaurant was very clean, with a nice, intimate atmosphere.
5	What a wonderful find!!!  Food and service were excellent. Nice neighborhood dining spot. Don't let the strip mall fool you!  Full menu with great specials. Don't miss this one!
4	The food was excellent even for take out.
4	Love the food. Some of the best, if not the best, Italian food in PHX. A bit on the pricey side, but portions are generous and Nick's has a great variety.
1	Ordered 2 large pies to take ouut. The pepperoni had exactly 1.5 slices on each slice. REALLY! The other pie had one piece of sausage and one piece of pineapples per slice and some slices were missing onion and mushroom altogether. We were told this was great pie. Totally disappointed after paying over $50.00! You can fool some people but not a pie loving New Yorker. You should be ashamed!
1	Horrible service. Jason has a horrible rapport and rushed us through like a herd of cattle.  Food was less than average. Service even worse.
5	Love it! We went there 2 times in about 5 days, just to go back and get some chicken Parmesan and chicken piccata! Loved the veggies AND pasta for a side,we ordered both and shared. Not a bit left on our plates! We will be back for happy hour, maybe a nice glass of wine and an app. LOVE Orlando! Oh, bTW the chocolate cake is divine!
4	Always delicious always on point staff. I have been at this location the most (other ones a couple times each).Ingredients to a nice relaxing atmosphere is what nicks is all about. Thanks Nicks, and evviva!
4	First off-- service was outstanding. Ate at the bar -- bartender was quick with attention, friendly, and had good recommendations. There is a reason why she seemed to have many regulars at coming in and out. Was offered bread immediately upon sitting, but declined-- did hear others in the restaurant raving. Food was good. Had the calamari with linguini in white wine sauce. The calamari was tender and well cooked (grilled) linguini was cooked to perfectly. I likely would have tried the red wine sauce next time-- the white wine sauce was "lacking" something. I'm a "bigger" guy and the serving size was MORE than enough and they didn't skimp on the calamari. Salad was fresh and the right size. Oil and vinegar was seasoned well. Add blue cheese crumbles to the salad, it is worth it. Chianti was good, liquor was strong selection for a smaller bar set up. Food price was below what I would have guessed. Wine was a little pricier -- scotch (Oban) at 14$ a pour is a bit much ($55-60 a bottle)Quiet restaurant...
