4	Went in for takeout, and was surprised to see a pretty cool bar that had a really good crowd. The staff was friendly and the food was good. I thought the menu had a good mix of traditional rolls and some unique ones as well.
2	Decent Asian food, nice trendy decor.  Only reason I gave it two stars instead of three was because of the bill.  We've been twice for lunch and both times they tried to charge us for dinner portions. Seemed too much of a coincidence for this to happen on two different occasions.  If you go for lunch be sure to double check your bill.
2	The family and I and headed here last night. I was wary once I heard this was an Asian fusion place....and rightly so. The place just didn't deliver, and I think I am done with trying asian fusion places, the lack of authencity just makes it not worth it, and as a lover of Asian cuisine, I can no longer stand to pay for mediocre asian fusion.I made the mistake of ordering the kimchi rice bowl even after I verified there would be no bulgogi, just beef fried rice. The kimchi was in the bowl and not even served cold on the side. The dish was as far away from legit Korean as the pad thai was from being legitly Thai. The veggie spring rolls and tempura were so tasteless. The salmon sashimi was decent. I didn't feel like what I was eating was proper Asian, and that was disappointing. I also think the look of the place makes it seem more upscale, but then you have regular jo rice bowls and a menu that doesn't match. Service was good, but it's a sad thing to say that what I found most appealing was the decor and the chocolate mint sticks we got with the check. The decor is modern and clean, tall black chairs and tables, mellow red wall and green lighting by the bar area, and eye-catching wall decor and lighting. I would maybe recommend this place for a drink at the bar, but definitely not for a meal. And that's a shame.
5	I don't know what other people are talking about. I LOVE it. I went once with friends on a birthday, once with my boss who is a consummate foodie and once with my kids. All 3 times I thought the sushi was the best I've ever had. The kids had previously only had sushi from the grocery story. I'm not sure I should have let them know there's much better sushi out there. I can't wait to go back.
4	Really great fish. nice selection of roles.  Great service and wonderful atmosphere. I would say that this is the best sushi restaurant in south charlotte.
5	Really good food definatly a great choice
4	I liked it.  Right before Xmas my oldest sister and I were doing some late shopping at Home Goods and she suggested this place after hearing good things from her friends.  It was late when we got there but we were sat w/o a problem.  We even checked to make sure it was okay bc some of the tables already had the chairs put up on them, but we were assured it was not a problem at all.Our server was nice and good since we were his only table.  We each had a glass of wine and started with shumai and calamari at the servers suggestion.  Both were great.  The calamari was served with a sweet chilli sauce, but it was was to spicy for wimpy old me.  We then split 2 rolls, California and shrimp tempura I think.  Both were good and fresh, not the best ever but definitely would order again.  And finally I had been craving yaki soba so we got that with just vegetables and I liked it a lot.  Nice and fresh tatsting, not overpowered with sauce or too salty.  We also each had another glass of wine.Overall, very good and reasonably priced split between the 2 of us.  If in the area I would return.
4	Great service and excellent food. The Spicy Tuna Crisp appetizer was excellent!  The spicy tuna roll was very good also. My son got the Spicy Stir Fry with chicken and he loved it. Will definitely return.
1	Poor service and mediocre sushi.....don't waste your time or money
4	Great Sushi by far the best I have had in Charlotte....Don't waste your money on all the high priced sushi places in charlotte. Higher prices does not mean better sushi !!! I have tried them all in charlotte and 18 Asian is the best !!!
1	Never going back. Everything was wrong from start to finish. Considering the choices within 2 miles of here, Sapporo, Johnny's Red Bowl, Kami ... this was an overpriced, rushed, poorly presented eating experience.First the sushi menu was all "a la Carte" and difficult to comprehend coming out of a busy morning at the office where my head was already spinning and I didn't want to have to study a "spreadsheet". I would have prefered "Lunch Specials" than having to pick my soup, Sushi Roll, and my specific choices. THEY MAKE YOU WRITE IT ALL OUT ... not pleasant when all I wanted to do is order and EAT. (The other Asian, Thai dishes are on the regular menu). Secondly there is no noodles delivered while you're waiting. It's minor - I know but makes a difference. And yea I know, Noodles are mainly Chinese ... so what. The waitress spoke too fast, was rushing trying to explain everything, and did not help the situation. My meal (3 sushi orders, 1 roll ) was $18.95 with NO SALAD and NO SOUP! At Johnny's Red Bowl (at the end of Ballantyne Commons Pkwy) you get a large salad, Fresh noodles and duck sauce, and Sushi Lunch Special (which is excellent and the owner is always there)  for only $8.95 !!Finally they sealed the nail in the coffin on our bad experience by rubbing my wife the wrong way. SHE gave the credit card to pay - and they returned the bill to ME --- the male of the party. This killed it for my wife as it is her big pet peeve. It shows that a) No one read her Credit Card (which stated DEBBIE ... duh....) and b) assumed the male pays ... OUCH they killed it. She hates it when she is not recognized as the issuer of the Credit Card and acknowledged accordingly. I don't blame her --- its a sign of poor or non-existent training. They also  brought the BILL out while I WAS STILL CHEWING my food in the midst of my meal!! As if to rush us when we were one of only TWO COUPLES in the entire restaurant at 1:15 pm !!!! Underwhelming food. Disappointing presentation on the dish (no garnish, decoration, nothing), exhorbitant pricing, lousy service .... shall I go on .... or have you heard enough? We're never going back. Just another over-rated Ballantyne establishment that will probably close in a year.  Go to Johnny's Red Bowl another mile down the Ballantyne. It's PACKED with all the customers not going to 18 Asian!
1	Lukewarm uncreative sushi with no taste, the 'sesame chicken' was dried out chicken strips with a peanut/ sesame dip served over broccoli.Lax service, waited over 5 minutes before anyone came to the table - and the restaurant was all but empty. The two servers on duty were hanging around the bar discussing their weekend conquests loud enough to be heard on the far end.Overall a poor experience. Stay away.
4	Stopped in yesterday to get some sushi to go.  We decided on the deluxe sample platter for $24.95. This included 6 California Rolls and a good selection of Nigiri which included:  3 pieces of tuna (Maguro);  3 pieces of salmon (Sake); 3 pieces of snapper (Tai); and 3 pieces of eel (Unagi).  The employees were cheerful and friendly. The hostess offered us tea and/or water while we waited even though we were just getting take-out.  I liked the decor and overall feel of the place. When we got home and dug into the sushi, I was impressed. Sushi rice had good texture, the fish was fresh and tasted good w/just a small smear of wasabi between the rice and the fish.  Of course, the sushi was packaged alongside the standard additional dollop of wasabi and a nice pile of pickled ginger on the side.   The pricing is in line with other area sushi places. Overall, I was pleased with the sushi and definitley will go back.
5	love the restaurant set up! and the sushi roll was delicious. it is becoming one of my favorite restaurant in Blakeney.
3	I was just there for the first time and I thought the food was good. It was a bit pricey for a sushi lunch. The sushi was good and tasted fresh. Had the standard fare and ordered the 18 roll to taste something unique to the restaurant and plus the waiter said it was the most popular. It had a fried shrimp on top of a spicy crab roll with a honey drizzle/sweet sauce. I'm not usually a fan of sweet sushi but i thought it was good. I would go back again to try other specialities.
5	I think it is the best sushi in town!  I am there at least once a week!
4	Had another great find in Charlotte on my most recent trip and found some sushi! I enjoyed the Salmon and Albacore sushi. I should have tried the Tataki roll, decided to go with the Craig roll. I love Shrimp Tempura based rolls and this one was very good. Would definitely recommend this place.
2	Overpriced, and underwhelming, seriously, I paid $15 for moderately tasteful food and a lunch sized portion (even though it was dinner).  Will not be returning.
2	Sushi here is average, no better than what you can get from the cooler at harris teeter. Overpriced drinks are even more over priced and service is sub par
4	We very much enjoyed visiting 18 Asian and Sushi.  We had a few of the sushi rolls, and they were awesome...I can't remember the roll that my husband got, but I got the Rasta roll and it was so good and very different.  I always love to try rolls that are different from anything I've had.  I highly recommend this restaurant for the food and the atmosphere, as well.
4	After living in Charlotte for about a year, and  trying 3 or 4 sushi restaurants, I've finally found one to that I'd return to. Having eaten here 4 or 5 times now, I've never been disappointed. I have only eaten sushi rolls at the bar and cannot speak to anything else offered on the menu. Everything I have tried has been wonderful. The fish and eel are all prepared perfectly and the sauces compliment the dishes well. Service has been friendly and attentive. One negative is the prices, which are a bit on the high side. This has not however kept me away and I'll be back.
2	Oh how I wanted this place to blow my mind, as before I went I started to daydream about how great it would be to have a go-to sushi place less than 5mins from my house, but unfortunately it just wasn't meant to be.   It's not that it was bad, it's just that is what just...unmemorable at best, and that is not a good thing, considering the prices are a cut above other sushi places in town and the actual food is unfortunately a cut below.   Don't get me wrong, the place has a nice look inside with a cool atmosphere and the workers were friendly enough, but the experience just felt very underwhelming.   For being so close, I wanted to really enjoy this place, but at the end of the day, it left me disappointed.  For the higher than average prices charged, it just didn't deliver where it counts.  The service and food were just passable, but I can get just passable for much cheaper at many other places around town, and who wants "just passable" anyway?
4	We were pleasantly surprised with the sushi rolls , fresh salmon and dragon roll were great so was the tempura appetizer was a great deal, my daughter had a side of fried noodles with chicken she loved it! I have one complain about the green tea, it was so weak and came from a tea bag, expected more at a Japanese place. The sesame chicken is not your average it's tonkatsu chicken with the sauce on the side, I happened to like it, not so great the tonkatsu sandwich my hubby was dissapointed with it. The ginger salad dressing was way to strong like pure ginger blended but the sesame dressing was delicious!! They really need to get bigger tablecloths or none at all, they were wrinkled and didn't cover the whole table, uncomfortable too. The service was ok , will love to see the host smile at least once :) overall we liked the sushi and will probably do to go next time instead on eating in !
5	I think I found my new favorite Sushi Bar in South Charlotte. I randomly went in for lunch one day and the freshness of the sushi was amazing. Every dish I ordered was beautifully & artistically presented. Atmosphere is hip and fun. Service was good. The sushi chefs are extremely friendly and kind. I've been back multiple times since my first visit. A must try if you are in the area.
3	Good taste shrimp fried rice and California rolls. Great food
2	18 had been on my sushi radar for quite some time as my wife and I would pass by on Rea Rd. I'm a HUGE sushi fan and am rarely disappointed with the fare just about anywhere. Guess we caught these guys on an off day...We made it in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. They open at 12:30pm for lunch on Sundays, so a little later than usual for some. We were one of the first couples to make it in and there were only a few warm bodies working the kitchen. The hostess, whom decided that nonverbal communication would suffice, sat us and then stormed away. I'm not too picky with hostesses, but she didn't event greet us? A simple hello and feigned smile would be acceptable. Not the end of the world. Once seated, our server was quick and gave us menus, filled drinks and took our order. Started with tempura veggies and shrimp. All came out very swiftly and were tasty. The soy/hoisin sauce was delightful. Here's were the meal went downhill....Other couples and families started to file in and took up about 8 tables inside and outside. There was only ONE server and the manager. This is a bit unacceptable if you're opening for a 12:30pm lunch. I would understand if it were an earlier lunch, but you should expect a lunch rush....around lunchtime. Just a bit odd. Our drinks remained empty for a good 10 minutes and our sushi took more than 25 minutes to land on our table. I actually watched my sushi plate sit on the counter for a a good 10 minutes before our server picked it up. Once my sushi order was delivered, our server came back and asked if we needed anything...He had completely forgot to enter my wife's sushi order. Not the end of the world, but if the sushi order sheet has two sides, you just have to check both sides. It took an extra 10 minutes for my wife's sushi to arrive. All of the sushi was flavorful and well executed. Just a little put off by the service. I would definitely give 18 Asian another chance. These are just a few problems that can be easily fixed. As a huge sushi fan, and these guys delivered on the flavor front, I look forward to a more memorable visit in the future!
4	On our first visit to 18 Asian and Sushi Bar, we felt a little bit overdressed upon arrival in polo shirts and jeans.  I didn't realize it was a T-shirt-and-shorts kind of place.  I guess because people are out casually shopping in the nearby plazas and just stop by afterwards.  No worries, but it didn't really feel like a "night out" because of that.  We started with a couple of small cheap sushi rolls as appetizers.  They were yummy and good-sized for the price.  The shrimp tempura roll had a lot of flavor.  I opted for the Spicy Stir-Fried Scallops as my entree.  It was generously portioned and tasted very good.  Spicy, though?  Not so much.  It could have used a lot more kick to actually deem it "spicy."  I appreciated the option of scallops as a meat instead of the usual beef, chicken, pork, or shrimp.  Dinner prices are much higher than their lunch prices and, because it's SO casual inside (the patrons, not the decor/atmosphere), I felt like I overpaid.  Would I go back?  Sure, for lunch if I'm shopping in the area...and in shorts and a T-shirt, thank you very much.
2	This one is two stars, but barely.I've tried it a few times, and twice now the Salmon roe (Ikura) was dried out, and mushy, so I didn't even eat it.  (The Ikura can say a lot about a place.. it should be wet and firm, so they explode in your mouth when you apply pressure with your teeth.  If they are sticky, deflated, over-salted and mushy, they are no good, and the pace probably isn't either.) I sat at the bar a couple times, and the bartender walked around staring into space instead of picking up my filled-out sushi sheet, or bringing my check.  He never once asked how the food was, and I had to flag down the sushi chef at the other end of the bar to get any service.The seaweed wrap around the rolls was also tough/chewy, so eating them was not pleasant.  Their warm dishes aren't bad, but I won't go for the sushi or ever sit at the bar.
2	The wife and I have our usual sushi place that we frequent often, but we decided to try an new place on a Saturday night after a long day of driving around Charlotte for new adventures.  We got to the restaurant around 8pm and I was a little surprised by the amount of people there. The bar area was pretty much full, but there were only two other tables occupied. Anyway, the hostess greeted us and gave us the option of bar or table, but as I said above there really was not any place at the bar. Needless to say that we opted for the table. Our waiter was quick to fill water glasses and get our order going, but he was a little iffy on menu and special knowledge. He may have been a new hire, but I don't know for sure.  Appetizer came out pretty quickly, followed by sushi. Out of everything, I really only enjoyed the nigiri, because all of the rolls that we ordered tasted off to me. The fish in the rolls was not bad, but the flavors were just not right and there may have been a level of freshness. I can't say for sure. The waiter omitted an item from our sushi order, but he quickly rectified that and overall the service was fine.I am hesitant to return to this place, at least as a sushi option, but I may return to try some of their other food options.
2	Food was decent... Service was horrendous! The waiter literally never came by. The manager finally took our order just mins before we were going to walk out. When the food finally came, it was actually pretty good. Had a few different rolls and the miso soup was great. When time to pay the check, I realized I hadn't received it yet. So I sat... And sat... And sat... Until some other waiter came over. I asked him to get my check....  20 mins later the guy finally brought it. It was by far the worst service I've ever had at any restaurant!  Wouldn't go back.
3	Love the food.  Only reason I come.  Service is below average to horrible at times.  Most of the staff seem to not care.  Poor management of employees but very good food. (Minus the hot and sour soup! Worst recipe ever!).  If service was at least average I'd give 4-5 stars.
5	Not sure why all the negatives, as we've eaten here several times.  Always good service, wonderfully fresh sushi, and decent size portions.   Think it's far best in South Charlotte area.
3	As a very local spot in South (far south) Charlotte, 18 Asian is a pretty good spot for sushi/sashimi.  I tend to be a purist when it comes to sushi or sashimi because I think some of the "inventive" rolls are just overkill. Their menu is leans more to the rolls but some are pretty good.  We tried the Spider Roll and the Spicy Lover Roll and we were both pleased with them.  I'd be willing to try this place again soon.
4	I was afraid this place was going to be just terrible because of the Yelp reviews but it actually wasn't as horrible as I expected.  I got a house salad with ginger dressing and the Tokyo Triangle roll. The ginger dressing was probably the worst, and strangest, ginger dressing I've ever had. I mean, I ate the whole salad so it wasn't inedible, it was just weird. Like they put ketchup in it or something. The sushi roll saved the day. It's definitely a beginner/American kind of roll, as it's flash fried and crunchy on the outside, but it was delicious. If you're a beginner sushi eater, this one's for you. Because they flash fry it, the tuna inside is just sliiiiightly cooked so the texture it just a pinch more doable. If you're a hard core sushi person, I can't tell you how great it is because I'm not great at the raw fish thing. My friends got a side of chicken, brown rice, and a Cali roll, and another friend got the fried calamari. They both said it was delicious as well. I won't be going back for their weird ginger dressing but for their sushi? Sure!By the way, not a very cozy place in the daytime. Very modern and sterile, which is maybe neither or good or bad.
2	The only redeeming factor was that the sushi was decent. After 10 months of pregnancy and no sushi I was really looking forward to it. My husband and I just had our first outing here post delivery. We walked in and 11:30 when they opened and they asked us to have a seat to the side because they weren't ready to open yet. Th chairs were all still up on the tables. We ordered our sushi which was pretty good. All tasted fresh. We received our check immediately after finishing and they had charged us for the wrong sushi platter (one that was $8 more than the one we ordered). Then the waiter came back and told us their credit card machine was down and asked us to wait 15 minutes until his manager got back. Well if you have ever had a newborn out to eat with you, you know 15 minutes may not be possible. My husband left while I sat there and went to an ATM. The manager came back in the meantime but never came over and said anything to us. I'm not sure what it was we were waiting on. We paid in cash but we won't be returning.
1	Expensive, basic and they charge extra for brown rice. Seriously? It takes more time, money and resources to bleach the white stuff.
3	This is a reliable family spot where I know my kids will be able to find something they like to eat. My son almost always gets the pot stickers - which he loves and the chicken and broccoli stir fry which he also loves. My daughter - who is fairly picky will eat up the edamame and gets a side order of lo mien noodles with chicken. My husband and I generally share a few rolls and there are a few that we really enjoy including the Sweet 18 and the Spicy Lover. The service can be spotty at times, but generally speaking we have a good experience as a family.
1	Worst place ever in charlotte. I order the sweet 18 roll, and 4 others... They were all not good. For some reason it was hard to finish the food, maybe it was the overload of msg in their sauces. I don't mind msg in food but when a restaurant puts too much in it gets hard to eat. The couple sitting near us had a really pissed look on their face, had three bites, paid and left. I should have taken a picture as proof but I was too angry with the food to think straight.
2	So I have a gluten allergy, and getting sushi can be tough since places usually hide tempura flakes in sushi. Being aware of this, I called in and ordered 2 orders of spicy tuna rolls. I specifically told her "no tempura flakes, I have a gluten allergy," to which she replied "no problem! They are gluten free". Perfect. I also ordered fried rice (gluten free obviously).When I picked up the order, I checked the ticket and it said "gluten allergy" on the ticket. Great. Right? So I take the food home, and start eating. I immediately notice an unfamiliar crunch in the sushi, and lo and behold, tempura flakes. I called them and let them know they essentially just poisoned me. They apologized and told me to come back and they would make me a new order. So I go back, they are very nice about it. She asked if I wanted an 'exchange' or a 'credit'. Confused, I said credit. Then the manager came out, and was mad at me because I didn't bring the old order back to "return it". Why would I return food?!! I explained to her that I had eaten a piece, noticed they screwed up my order, and immediately called them. She gave me some SERIOUS attitude about that, and YELLED AT ME, telling me that this is my fault, and they always put tempura flakes in the spicy tuna rolls. WHICH IS WHY I SAID TO LEAVE THEM OUT IN THE FIRST PLACE!! I don't know who she thinks she is for yelling at the customer, but if I end up in the emergency room, she's sure as hell getting my medical bill.All in all, DONT TRUST THIS PLACE IF YOU HAVE AN ALLERGY... Especially the manager. The sushi was good (once they fixed it). But I don't think I can trust this place again.
5	Don't listen to the bad reviews. This is one of the best sushi places in town. The food is also affordable and the portions are large. Of you are looking for great Asian food for a great price then you have to try 18 Asian.
4	This place is really good we got a ton of different sushi rolls and they were all delicious.  We mostly had the traditional spicy tuna, etc. rolls but we ordered oen specialty and it was pretty good - I forget the name of it though.  The ambiance inside is really nice - it reminds me of a sushi place I used to go to in Manhattan.  I like the way the sushi bar is set up in the middle of the restaurant.  The dessert was pretty bad, so I would pass on that next time.  But overall really good!
3	Love the food, but the service is very slow. I've been 3 times and on average it takes 15 to 20 minutes just to get drinks. By the time food served, an hour has passed. The food is good but not worth the wait.
1	I'm from California where the sushi is ALWAYS on point and has turned me into a total sushi snob. Don't even care how bitchy I sound right now. This place needs to step their game up. I got a chicken noodle soup, a roll, yellowtail sushi and a spicy tuna hand roll. The yellowtail was great, the roll was also very good. The handroll had problems. They added what I'm guessing they refer to as "crunchies" and in every other sushi restaurant I've been to, crunchies are tempura flakes...here, there are similar to individual rice krispies. Not what I'm used to and they had a funny flavor, or so I thought. I tried to ignore the funky crunchies but as I ate more of the tuna roll, I realized it wasn't the crunchies...the tuna was bad. It had a taste I have never tasted before at a sushi restaurant...like the tuna was straight spoiled. It looked normal and smelled fine, but it tasted so rancid. I couldn't finish the handroll and when I got home, I was sick. That's all I'm gonna say.Everything else was fine and the restaurant had a nice ambiance. Unfortunately, I won't play with rancid fish and probably will not be back here.
4	We eat at 18 Asian and Sushi Bar at Blakeney frequently.  Yes the service can be slow but we have always had pretty good food.  We order the Ceviche every time and really like it.  I would highly recommend 18 Asian and Sushi Bar.
4	Nigiri Sushi was fresh and delish. Lots of variety on the rolls. Not bad price as cars sushi goes.  Not the most expensive but not the cheapest either. Would have give. Five stars they were very short staffed so service was slow....pleasant but slow.
2	Its rare that I go to a sushi restaurant and NOT finish at least ONE of the rolls that I ordered.   I was not a fan.  Everything had some strange spice in it that made the taste a bit off-putting.  Including the ginger dressing on the salad - very very odd and not at all what I was expecting/wanting.The gyoza was probably the best thing we ordered.  Salads were strange with the neon orange dressing.  3 sushi rolls (Sweet 18, Charlie Roll, Spicy Lover) were just mediocre at best with odd sauces, they were falling apart, etc.  Not impressed.  Not to mention the service (on the restaurant side) was sub-par.  When taking our order, the guy grabbed the sushi paper out of my husbands hand and ran away.  Didn't even look at it - usually they'll look it over to make sure they see everything -   Nope - snatched it out of his hand and took off!  We had to ask for napkins, had to ask for plates, had to ask for  silverware/chopsticks, had to ask for refills of iced tea after our glasses sat empty at the edge of the table for 10 minutes, had to ask for sweetener for said tea and he handed us 2 packets at a time.  I'd come back for drinks at the bar but otherwise - I'll get my sushi somewhere else.
2	Had to take it down a notch, as sushi remains good, but last time, had a really bad server.  Wanting to join in on our conversations, pushing signature rolls (twice!) after we told him we preferred other ways to order our sushi, had to ask for soy sauce, chopsticks, plates, didn't clear between orders, another server had to clear for him when we finished, and actually saw him sit down with customers at another table!  I could go on with negatives about him, but enough, already!Too bad a server impacts the whole dining experience so badly.
1	Dined here about a month ago.  Sushi decent but entire evening ruined by a server who thought he was part of our family, trying to join in our private conversations, pushing signature rolls more than once, forgetting chopsticks AND plates, neglecting to clear.  Even saw him sitting DOWN with another table.We had a coupon to apply, which server made note of , then returned later with manager to tell us it had been used previously.  We used another lesser one, but checked website next day only to find they were BOTH validated the night before.  TOTAL dishonesty.So obviously not a repeat here AND after calling next day to talk to manager, complained, with nothing of any value offered.  (Oh, so sorry)Enough said
4	I have enjoyed the sushi every single time my boyfriend and I have come here. It's become one of "our" spots. I enjoy the fact that the rolls are very thick. Yes, it can be a little awkward trying to eat it, but they taste very good! We usually order drinks as well, and every time they taste wonderful, never watered down or overly strong. My only complaints are that the service can be slow... you'll wait a good 15 minutes for a drink, whether they are busy or not, the food takes awhile to get out as well. While the staff is very friendly, they tend to disappear. There have been several times we wondered if our waiter was going to come back. Overall, it's a very nice atmosphere, the price is right, the food is great. We will continue to come back as long as things stay the same!
5	Charlotte has many Asian restaurants that serve Sushi. This is one of the few that have both Amazing Sushi and Amazing Service...what more do you need?
5	WOW! Everything from drinks to appetizer to sushi was AMAZING!!!! I had the Lychee Mojito-my new fave drink thanks to room18:)
4	Hawaiian Sunset is so yummy! Standard miso soup but a large portion! Yakisoba was very tasty and again a generous portion. Prices were fair.
3	I came here at the recommendation of a friend just for the rolls.  Pretty interesting rolls for sure but just not memorable. I guess I also get an attitude any time I see so many fried rolls on a sushi menu.  I mean isn't sushi usually raw?! One roll I tried that had lots of tuna on and inside was even slightly charred.  I guess that was different but still... Sometime I guess I just feel like less is more.  The decor in the restaurant isn't exactly special, my drink was a little watered down and honestly I can even remember which rolls I had but I remember having a hard time finding one that wasn't fried...  It may be awhile before I come back.  I won't say it was bad, it was just.... Fried
1	This place has the worst service for take out! They have one phone line and the hostess has to take orders on the phone,seat patrons and fetch and ring up take out orders. I have gotten voicemail so many times when calling and had the hostess just hang up several times and not take your order. After tonight I'm done with this place it's not worth the aggravation and the owners obviously don't care since this problem has existed for years!
5	Arguably the best sushi in S CLT. The tempura appetizer is awesome if you're in the mood to splurge. Saki menu is nice. Treasure Pot is a "not too heavy" perfect portion. Only thing I wish is they had more rotating sushi specials and specialty drinks to liven up the bar.
