5	Since I am a Thai junkie now...this place rocks for their Tum Yum Soup (shrimp) in pot with a cool flame, served with side of white rice! This is a small lil hole in the wall by the lake. Their Pad Thai isGREAT...Thai tea to perfection..and I really need to mention their eggrolls to die for...with a small plus they are garnished them with a veggie shaped into a flower! Nice place to have a relaxing intimate lunch or dinner.
1	A friend recommended this place to me, and so away I went.It's in a nice little shopping center, situated right next to the lake of "The Lakes".Things started out well enough, my girl and I reviewed their selections, placed an order, and waited.And waited.And waited.A girl came in, placed a to-go order, left, came back, and picked up her order.We still waited.Bear in mind that there was only one other couple in the restaurant, who had already gotten their food, and were finishing up eating.Finally, we got our food after about 45 minutes.  The pork ribs were actually frozen internally.  Not as in frozen completely solid, but it was that stage of cold where the ice had just melted, but its temperature still permeated the food.  It was colder than my drink.The rest of the food was just okay.  I wanted to like it, it just wasn't anything exceptional.Finally, we waited for the check.  We kept trying to get the attention of the waitress.  We were the only customers at this point, and she was watching TV and chatting away to a friend on her cell phone.  Finally, after a loud "Excuse me", she turned around, told her friend she'd call them back, and got us our check.Not impressed.Still, the view surrounding the restaurant is wonderful.  We took a nice walk by the lake, and then decided to find something else to snack on to pad our unsatisfying lunch.Great location, frozen food, distracted service.  Don't bother.  UPDATE: And while I've been "reviewed" myself in this review for being some sort of "meanie" in not finding perfection during my unsatisfactory visit, I don't think it would be a reasonable expectation for me to just automatically 5-star this place because I was unable to enjoy the same apparently positive experience that others did.  I visited during a seemingly "off" day, unfortunately, and my review reflected that visit as such.  No need to start an opening review paragraph to "call me out".  I'm not in this to review other Yelpers.
5	I have been going to King and I since about 1994. This place is my favorite Thai restaurant in all of Las Vegas, hands down.Located on the main lake, right behind the big Citibank complex, they do both Thai and Chinese food. The staff are always very friendly and I have always received good service. Linda, the owner, will typically come over and say hello if you go in there enough too.Whenever judging foods from different regions, it seems like there is always one item upon which all opinions are based. For example, a lot of people judge Mexican restaurants by their salsa. For me, I judge Thai restaurants by their Tom Kai Gai soup. King and I's is incredible. The coconut milk broth is perfect and the chicken and mushrooms are always just right. For an appetizer, I usually get the chicken satay, although this is mostly for the peanut sauce. I love Thai peanut sauce, but there can be quite a bit of variation depending on the restaurant. King and I's is one of the best I've had.The entrees are all good. I have yet to try one that I don't like. The only time I've heard anyone complain about one of their dishes was when an acquaintance ordered the pad thai. She claimed the noodles were too sweet. I didn't think so, but consider it a possible drawback if that's your favorite dish. Regardless, besides her, everyone I've ever gone to King and I with has been pleased. After 16 years, I would recommend going out of your way for this place. It's worth it.
5	This place is my favorite Thai restaurant. The food is always top notch and the service is so friendly. I'm a fan of the chicken curry, pad kee mao, the king and I spicy rice and the pad Thai, the desserts are surprisingly good too. Linda is my favorite hostess, so if she's there you're in for an extra special dining experience.
5	A cozy little niche nestled by the Lakes, be prepared for great aroma's and even better cuisine. The service was excellent and prompt as I even named my vegetables in a delicious Basil Chicken that was spicy and delectable. It was the first time I'd tried some of the side sauces in a Thai Restaurant and I couldn't believe how much I liked them. Flavors that I hadn't experienced delighted my taste buds, in fact, I think I used about four times my quota of one of the red sauces. The proprietors have an attentive and friendly demeanor, as they seemed to have quite an acquainted relationship with several of the other patrons. I tried a nice glass of Chardonnay, and then switched to beer, both of which were a great temperature. I'll definitely be back.
5	I have been here twice now and each time I really enjoyed the food.  I love the fact that they will make the food as spicy as I like...which I always tell them "number 5".  We have tried several appetizers...fried shrimp, spring rolls, wontons...all were very tasty.  Then for the main dish, we have had combo Lo Mein, Mongolian Chicken and Basil Chicken...which were all yummy and fiery like we asked.  The owner is always very attentive and makes sure all customers feel welcome.  The server we have had both times is very attentive, hard working and friendly.  She was always there asking right as we needed something else.  My husband and I definately like this quaint, good vibe restaurant by The Lakes!
5	I love this place.  I've been going here since i was little and always loved their king & I fried rice.  You'll never have to wait since the location isn't too mainstream and is next to a nice lake.  The owner Linda has always been so nice and definitely knows how to care of her customers.
4	I called another Thai place today for take out only to find out they now close on Tuesday.  I remembered the King and I had their menu stuffed in the doors of the neighborhood about a week ago.  OK, on with Plan B.I got their Curry Duck and my wife got the Chicken with garlic and black pepper sauce.  She got 0 for spiciness.  I asked the order taker what their scale was.  It's a 1 to 4 so I ordered it at 4.  She confirmed I wanted extra spicy, and we had a short wait before I drove to The Lakes to get the food.  I loved my duck.  Superb!  She gave me two containers with extra spice, and I used some of that, too.  Their 4 isn't really a four.  It would be about a 6 on a 1 to 10 scale.My wife wasn't as fond with her dish.  It had the dreaded cilantro that she dislikes, and she refuses to stop being a kid, grow up, and learn to eat various types of food.  Oh well, opposites attract.I'm glad we had the Tuesday closing.  Now I have two dependable and very good Thai restaurants nearby.
3	King and I has the monopoly on the takeout Thai food at my work. With 1200 employees in our building and only one Thai restaurant that delivers to it, we have little choice. That being said, the takeout orders have a completely different look and taste than if you're dining in. I decided to dine in last week since I was in a hurry (sorry Archie's) and ventured here. The restaurant has gone through a remodel since the last time I was there and it actually looks quite appealing inside. The service was on par, the drinks were refilled regularly and the food was prepared with minimal wait. The lunch special that I normally order from work came out more than twice the size of what gets delivered in those Styrofoam boxes. The taste of the food here is eh-okay, but the service and close proximity to my work make it more attractive to me. The pad see ewe is decent, the Plar Goong (shrimp salad) is delectable. The pad Thai is okay, nothing special and the spicy mint chicken wasn't so good.
5	I love the king and I.  The food is great, but what really gets me is the service.  I don't have high hopes for neighborhood Asian restaurants, but this is something else.  Every time I go back, I am greeted by name, and asked if I would like my usual (having only been there less than 10 times).  The food is generous, and seafood is not overcooked.  Thank you.
4	We went there on a Saturday night and we were the only ones! probably because it was rather late.  The service was good.  We had Singapore noodles and BBQ chicken... they were both delicious!!! reasonably priced for the amount of food you get.  We'll totally go back... probably get delivery though.
1	The food was just standard thai food, nothing spectacular. Greasy, if anything. The service is where it hits rock bottom.  I had ordered it for delivery and didn't look at the receipt until later.  There was a discrepancy with my bill where a coupon was suppose to be applied. I noticed the mistake and called them back. The lady, I'm assuming is "Linda" as my receipt says, said "You can use that coupon for the next visit", then next excuse "the credit card machine is closed",...uhhh, really? and then etc, etc. After back and forth conversations, she was making it really difficult and even insulting saying that it's "ONLY 5 dollars". I understand it may only be "$5", but she was rude in every way, and at this point, I knew I was never coming back again.   So yes lady, I do want my $5 back.  Finally, she said she would refund me the difference, while making snide remarks the whole time, and finally "I'll get that money back to you" and just hung up on me.
5	I dont eat much thai food, since i have a nut allergy and i fear i'm going to die. Much to pleading of my dear husband, i gave it a shot and i absolutely loved it!!! Tom Yun Goong soup is amazingly delicious. The shrimp was cooked to perfection. Our entree was hot and fresh. It was great. I will definitely be returning for more!
5	First of all... The drive here has beautiful scenery. I mean man-made lakes are pretty special out here in a desert. I have to be able to see bodies of water or else I'll feel too far from home =/This Thai hut is actually docked right next to the water. But unfortunately it doesn't have views of it. So, I said "hut" because it's not this huge restaurant. It's this little home-style HUT! The people here are sweet and treat you like family.The food is always delicious and pretty filling. I guess if you're asking whats unique about it. I'd say that they actually have different flavors of sticky rice. This is one of those rare spots that hide in the crevices of Summerlin.
1	I don't know what happened to this place.I've eaten here once or twice since my 20 year stay in The Lakes, and this last time, the food was so awful it was inedible. The softshell crab was overpoweringly fishy and the person I was eating with actually began to gag to the point where they needed to use the bathroom. I was very disappointed, because even my pad thai had a bizarre, low quality taste that implied it had either been left out all night or just scraped off the floor. I've never complained at a restaurant and I absolutely don't have high standards for food, but this was just the worst meal I have ever had. I'd have driven back and asked them to taste what they sold me (for twenty dollars) and see if they would be able to eat it if it weren't raining. Horrible.
3	King & I is a little restaurant surrounded by houses hidden in the community known as "The Lakes" that resides next to an artificial (very) blue lake. Perhaps like in a rural area of old Thailand, but instead hidden in a jungle and residing next to a real lake. Would be nice I imagine to be served Thai tea and just sit there enjoying the scenic view of the lake, but for me when I taste a Thai restaurant's thai tea it sets my mentality of the. For King & I was "meeeeeeh" because of the overly sweetness and a mild tea essence. King & I delivers, which is a huge factor in why I consume their productions even though the food is "meeeeeeeeeh". The consumption of their food takes place during my work days where I usually do not have much time to take a breather and taking a thirty may result in chaos possessing my work place. Godsend that they are delivering from their work approved yummies from a location fairly close. Most importantly delivery is decent, usually 20-25 minutes, which might break down into 15 minutes to cook and prepare for delivery then another 10 minute drive.They have an excellent value lunch menu, but is limited to a daily special if you're ordering on a Monday to Friday. On the weekends though you can choose any of the lunch specials. The lunch specials are usually consisted of a fruit salad with a mild salty dressing, a scoop of fried rice, "insert lunch item", and a (20oz?) fountain drink. For the most part I order the chicken pad thai because I enjoy noodles, although when its to go the noodles are usually bundled together because of its time in the styrofoam container. The pad thai always seems to be a bit sweet to me though, even with an increase in spice level, I can still taste a sweetness. I've had a few of the curries (panang and yellow curry) here during my off days, and for the most part, they are a bit sweet for me, but smell great. The service here is friendly, but sometimes when I order over the phone there is a bit of the a language barrier, especially when I ask for recommendations. Great for lunch, but during off times where time is not a limiting factor, I would try one of the many other Thai restaurants in the area.
4	My co-workers and I order here at least once a week!  I recommend the pad see ewe, shrimp appetizer, wor wonton and the spring rolls..
4	I'm really surprised by all the reviews about the bad service! I've never, ever had a bad experience and I've been going to the restaurant and also ordering delivery for at least 5 years. I think it's one of the best Thai places I've been to in Vegas, with consistently good food, decent prices, and a friendly owner. It could just be my family's imagination, but I think take-out also has bigger portions (hint hint).I think the only thing is that every once in a while you get a little less than what's normally expected, but that's not common at all. Like I said, consistently good food, at least for 90% of the time I've had the food here.I like to get the catfish and the King and I fried rice, and just put some prik nam plaa on it. Hooray for prik nam plaa! I really like the chilies that they offer here, some Thai places don't serve all of the different chilies that they do here.
3	Went to this business a week ago as we had a 2 for 1 in the entertainment book. It is definitely a local establishment nestled in a small shopping center in the lakes area. First red flag in general for me was the picture menu. Standard Thai fair, panang, red curry, yellow curry, etc. Food was good, again pretty standard. Prices were average $10 or so an entry. Overall though my favorite for the same price or maybe a tad bit more is Lotus of Siam, but if you aren't willing to drive down there this would definitely more than suffice. I had the panang, my favorite unadventurous dish, and it was good - not out of the ordinary good but good. We had the Tom Kha Kai which had a large portion, chicken was dry however that seems to be the case at most places with this soup as it is hard to boil chicken and keep it tender.
3	***2011 Entertainment guide, two for one coupon***MMMMMM Their SWEET AND SOUR sauce is yummy! I want to take a bath in it. Hand me a case of it please...I was introduced to this Thai place through my friend Karen who eats here on a regular basis. This restaurant is hidden, very hidden as I used to live across the street from it for years and never once saw or heard of it.So we went to lunch today and dined on two complete meals, hot and sour soup, an appetizer order of spring rolls and two drinks for $15.03. Very nice! Basically my meal was free, love it.What we ordered:Meals come with Hot and Sour soup which was really good!Chicken Pad Thai w/ricePad Kee MaoAppetizer spring rollsFood was good, I am partial to Thai BBQ by my house, but was open to try this Thai restaurant as is my friend's pick and close to her Apartment. I was not impressed with the spring rolls Appetizer, a bit dry and not very flavorful.Service was good, plenty of refills a flowing!My Pad Thai noodles were good and the portions are good and filling for the lunch special selection.I walked out stuffed, licking my lips and happy!I took pictures, yay I remembered :)
5	I found out about King and I through my Delta Sky Miles Dining listings. It was close by and I figured I had nothing to lose and still earn some miles. I went during the swing shift so it was nice and quiet and I knew I would be able to enjoy myself without feeling rushed and crowded. My waiter as nice and helpful with selecting my choices. For an appetizer I chose the spring rolls. They were the crispest spring rolls I have ever had. They cut them in half so you can share with someone or take them home in a doggie bag for later. For my main entree I had the Pad Kee Mao with pork, mint, bell pepper, onion, and other spices served with flat wide rice noodles. It's one of the most flavorful native Thai dishes to be had. I like spicy so I asked for extra spice but they didn't believe me so I had to keep asking for peppers and hot sauce. But since I have visited several times in the last 6 months, I think they have gotten the idea. Subsequent visits I have enjoyed the Pad See Ewe, Singapore Noodle-minus the shrimp (allergic), Pad Thai, and the Won Ton Soup. I am rating this place as a 5 for the food. But I must say the service has gone down hill as the original waiter that I have had every visit except for this last time on July 27 wasn't there and I seemed to be an after thought with every request. I recommend for the food but don't expect too much on the service. It's great for a romantic lunch or dinner.
5	FAST Delivery!  This restaurant has quick $2 delivery.  You can even order online.  I get my orders in 30-45 minutes.  You can even order their lunch special with a drink, and it is a very good deal.  I really like the yellow curry and sweet and sour tofu.  The Tord Mun is also super good.They even deliver their Thai iced coffee and tea - this a major part of my Saturday morning routine. It would be part of my Sunday morning too, but they don't open until the afternoon :(
4	This is one of my favorite Thai places to go to because the food is consistently really good, prices are reasonable and it's super close to my house.  The restaurant is quite small and tucked away in a retail complex in the Lakes, but it gives it a cozy, quiet neighborhood feel to the place.The food is great -- I'm a fan of the spring rolls with the spicy dipping sauce, the pepper steak, their curries (try the panang curry -- it's peanut flavored, mmm), and their noodle dishes like the pad see ewe.  The portions are pretty big too (you get more food here than at Archi's, which is nearby).  Usually the food is served as requested in terms of how spicy it is, except for once incident where the green curry was much spicier than we would have liked, but it was still a very good curry.Service is decent and they're pretty attentive about keeping your water glass full and checking in to make sure everything is going well.  Check this place out if you enjoy Thai food as much as I do :)
5	Never had a bad meal here. Love their Singapore noodles plus service is great
4	My husband and I had coupons for the King and I so we thought why not and give it a try! The restaurant is located near a man made lake but I don't think they maximize their opportunity of the great view. It seems as if their kitchen gets the view of the lake. If they could they should try to put a dining area in the back just to utilize their access to the pretty view. We started with their  appetizers. I had the spring rolls which were  nice and crispy. They had this sauce that I thought would be my much sought after plum sauce but it was just a really sweet dipping sauce. It was good .  My husband had their Thai Beef jerky which was a little tougher than other places we have tried. I haven't had curry in a long time so I tried their Yellow Curry .It had potatoes , coconut milk and of course curry . The dish was really flavorful and hearty.  They give you a big serving with plenty of rice. It can easily be shared between two people. We ended the dinner with one of their frozen chocolate balls. It had a hard chocolate shell with vanilla ice cream inside.  It was a perfect way to end the meal.
5	I had never tried  curry before and was about to get orange chicken and play it safe. I am SO glad my husband talked me into trying the yellow curry! It was delicious and I am now a super fan. We order from here once or twice a month since we live around the corner. It is nice that we can easily order online and it is here within 20-30 min! Even my toddler can't get enough Pad Thai. The eggrolls are so crispy and delicious and I love that when I order the lunch specials for take-out, they come with a side of fruit for my baby! I mean good fruit too! kiwis, strawberries, apples and grapes :] We have yet to encounter a problem with this place.
4	This is a great neighborhood Thai restaurant! We've had their food delivered for years and it's always hot, prompt and delicious! We recently ate at their location in the Lakes and it was lovely! Linda the owner is quite a character (in a good way) which made dining there all the more fun. If you like Thai food you can't go wrong with the King and I!
5	Awesome Thai food, great value with low prices and huge portions, ultra friendly owner who remembers your orders and what you like even with complicated changes the way I typically order my food!  Nice to see small business thriving and doing a better job than the large chain restaurants!  Also King & I's food is far healthier and made from scratch compared to chain restaurants!Wayne Gorsek
4	i order from here when i dont know what else to do for dinner.....the owner is super nice and i always enjoy my bankok connection!!!!
5	Beyond awesome food with excellent service dining in or delivery!  Huge portions and a great value.  My favorites are the Tom Kha Gai soup (it is a meal!) or the black pepper steak.   They also have awesome brown rice as an option.  Linda the owner is beyond nice and remembers your orders which speeds up the order process to just seconds!Wayne Gorsek
3	The King and I is really close to my house so I try and frequent the place whenever I have a Thai craving (at least once a month).  I usually go with the Singapore Noodles with shrimp, BBQ pork, onion, carrot and egg.  The most unique thing about this dish is the incredibly thin noodles.  Whenever I describe to a friend that they're just a little thicker than human hair, I get odd looks.  But I like my noodle THIN, thank you very much.  The BBQ pork was almost inedible this time, something I plan to point out next time I'm there.  The spring rolls are always good but pass on the egg rolls.  I also love the Pad Se Ewe on occasion.  I was happy to see it crowded there on a Saturday afternoon, as this is not usually the case.  Not my best meal but I'll share my feedback and hopefully next time will be an improvement.
4	The food here is very good and the value is outstanding.My recommendation: I ordered the Bangkok Connection which featured shrimp, scallops, chicken and pork mixed with carrot, bok choi, pea pods, and several other vegetables in a light pepper sauce that was not too spicy.  With the amount of shrimp and scallops in the dish, I don't see how they can serve it at $14.95.  This is an incredible value!And even better, the dish was cooked perfectly.  The most impressive thing was that the scallops had obviously been cooked seperately because they were perfect: cooked through and warm but not rubbery (which happens with scallups if cooked even a minute too long).There were a couple of minor issues.  First, when we got our left overs, the server wiped the spoon of sticky rice with her finger to get the last kernels into the box.  Also, atmosphere is slightly off for dining in.  It is small and cramped and the Neon signs are the main source of lighting.  It is on the Lake but you can't actually see the lake.  And on the trivial side, food does not come fast and there is a language barrier.  So great value and delicious food gives them my very enthusiast 4 stars.
4	This review is for takeout through roadrunnerfood.com only.  I've never been to the restaurant.We've ordered from them twice and it's been tasty each time.  I've tried the Panang curry and the red curry.  Both were excellent.  The larb was also really good.  They have pork larb... yum! I also liked the spicy catfish.  The homemade chili sauce it came with was more like a curry.  Still, pretty good.When we ordered the hot and spicy beef and meatball noodle soup to go, the noodles were packaged separately.  But we got confused and ended up mixing them with another dish, shrimp pad hot chili pepper, because we did not know what dish they were supposed to go with.  (I guess we forgot we ordered noodle soup.) So the soup wasn't all that good.  The shrimp pad hot chili pepper tasted good, but it wasn't supposed to be a noodle dish, apparently. I should probably just go to the restaurant and eat the dishes as intended.Each time, we've asked the food to be "very hot" (aka spicy) but it has always come out pretty mild.  Luckily, they give us some hot sauce and chili pepper flakes.  But I'm not convinced that the food is the same if they just made it spicy in the first place.  I understand the reluctance to give truly spicy food to people through a third party delivery service.  So once again, we are probably going to have to visit the restaurant to eat the dishes as intended.  Still, I really dig this Thai food.
5	This is a well kept secret at the Lakes, and I love coming here for a quick lunch! The tofu curry is wonderful! The staff are really sweet and attentive!
5	Great food and great value!  A hidden gem in the lakes area.  Prices reasonable and quality good.  Can't say much more... if you get a chance try it!
4	Have gotten mostly carry out from this location which has always been good.  Finally went to dine in on a Saturday for the first time and had a very tasty lunch.  Hubby was craving pad thai and it was cooked to the perfect level of spice.  i ordered chicken and veggies and it was yummers.  We ordered the lunch specials and the prices were excellent with good portions.The service was attentive, however, my only issue would be that the food does not come out at the same time.  It appears that the food is made one entree at a time. if not for that, I would have rated this a 5.We'll definitely be back.  Maybe my #1 and I will order the same entree so we can eat together.  :)
5	wish I didn't I live on the other side of town, This place is Delicious, every time I can I go here the large portions, and the great pricing, not to mention the staff is super friendly I see regulars come in every time I go. Best thai food in vegas, hands down.
1	After taking a look at all the reviews here, I thought why not?  I called in for a delivery order and the woman who picked up the phone was extremely rude. Before I even finished my friend's address she said 'oh too far'  Once she let me finish the address, then she agreed we are within their delivery area. During my order I tell her I want "Pad thai" (I pronounced it just like it is spelled).  She didn't understand, and I said Pad Thai again.  And then screams at me and says "you're wrong it is pronounced 'p-hut thai' Not pad Thai."  I continue on with my order and then she tells me they are out of beef! Total failure. Never ordering from there again.
4	If there's one thing we need more of in Las Vegas it's Thai food.   The current structure of one every block simply will not do!   Needless to say I was excited to try the King & I when it popped up on my "Best Matches" list on my way back from a haircut (Hypnotic Salon, check my review [plug plug]) I went simple on my order with a Chicken Pad Ka-Pow (they spell it Kra-Pow on their website but I've seen in Ka-Pow on others which sounds much cooler).   Right off the bat I loved how they asked if I wanted the chicken sliced or ground.   Sliced, always sliced.  Then they asked me for a spice level and I went my usual 7 out of 10.  They then asked me for a level from 1-4 which totally threw me for a loop.   I didnt really get why I had to do the math conversion myself.   Let's see, 10/4 is 2.5   so 7/2.5 is a 2.8?   #1) I have no idea if I even did that right and #2) in real life I ended up just saying "2 and a half to 3?"   I also ordered a bottled water as advertised on their site and was told they only had iced tea or lemonade.  I was mildly flustered with this whole process.Service was friendly in regards to picking up the food, and I brought it back to the office to eat.  The 2nd big bright bonus spot in addition to the sliced/ground option was the plethora of sauces they provided.  In my bag were packets of soy sauce and hot mustard, and little containers of hot sauce and sweet and sour sauce.  Way to be thorough!   As for the meal itself I was surprised to find a small fruit salad, an egg roll, and lots of those (technical term ahead) crispy fried wonton strip thingies.The egg roll may have been the best bonus egg roll I've received in a Thai lunch special, as it tasted fresh and was larger than I usually expect.  The fried wonton crisp thingies were delightful as always, and I bypassed the fruit salad because it was too healthy for me.   I really enjoyed the flavor of the KA-POW!, and actually prefer it to many of the other versions I've tried at other restaurants here in town.  If you would have seen me scarfing it down in my office you'd have thought I was going for a record.  The only thing disappointing about the meal as a whole was I didnt really get any kick out of the spice level I requested.  I'm not sure if when I called they didnt understand when I said 7 out of 10 or if they actually do just prefer to deal with a 1-4 level, but next time I would definitely try a solid 3 or maybe even 3.5 given the lack of spice I got this time.  Overall very solid!  With only 500 options for Thai restaurants here, it should be easy to make room for King & I for a visit.
1	Me and my BF love love love Thai food. I had been craving some since a long hard day at work kicked my butt. I checked yelp to see where we should venture out to. I guess I was let down. When you walk In the place is super super small and they don't have a sign to tell you to seat yourself or wait to be seated. So after waiting for a min or so with no one saying anything we sat ourselves.They Handed us our menus without a word being spoken. Is it quiet night?After looking over the menu we decide on the kings rice and pad see ewwThe waitress came over and took our drink order and dinner order. Food was ok. Rice had a nice flavor but the pineapple was canned and we only had two shrimp in the whole dish. I couldn't find much chicken and the pork did not have a good flavor at all.Pad sei eww was super salty but the broccoli inside was good.Not once did anyone ask how our food was or if there was anything they could get us. I'm not asking for million dollar service here but some service at least? Def will not return we will go down the street to David wongs pan Asian where the food is great and the service is excellent or krung Thai if we just got paid its a little pricy there but worth it!!!!!
3	This place long time located here and we are going to eat every once in a while. The owner is super nice and food need to be little extra flavor to be reach thai taste. May be this customers around the area might like the less spice of the thai food, as i am Sri Lankan, i use lots of hotness to my food. place is little cozy and clean. If you got the rush hours all the tables are full and need to long wait. I recommend this place if you like less spicy thai food to try...Specially the yellow curry and the combination fried rice is the bomb!
4	Customer Service: I went here for dinner and the entire staff was so friendly! Our server checked on us multiple times to make sure we were okay, liked our meal and if we needed anything else. She saw that I did not drink very much of my Thai iced coffee and checked to see if I liked it or wanted something else because I had mentioned it was my first time trying it. Food: We wanted the lunch special because it seemed like the perfect amount of food and we could try a variety of things. The waitress told us that we could have it for 2 dollars more which still only came out to 10 dollars, including a beverage. I got the pad thai which came with rice, a spring roll and a side of fruit. The pad thai was mediocre, a little too much on the sweet side for me. Environment: The seating is a little limited but the decor is so cute. Going to the restroom was a little awkward because I felt like I was going into their kitchen because they were cutting up fruit near it.Overall, I think it is great and you cannot beat the price!
1	Please don't waste your money here. I ordered shrimp pad thai and the mongolian beef. All the vegetables tasted like they were out of a can, the shrimp was hard as a rock and I took one bite of the beef and threw it out. Not tender, some kind of cheap cut and greasy. Find somewhere else to eat!!
4	I really enjoy the King and I.  I love curry and their green curry with bamboo is soooo nummy!  The curry has layers of flavor you get hints of sweet basil, coconut, and then the heat from the curry.  You select the level of heat, I picked 3.  It was just right for me.  The staff are warm and friendly.  The food comes out hot and quick.  The only reason I only gave 4 stars and not 5 is the dining space is small and they do not delivery to my part of town.  Other than that you should give this cute spot a try if you enjoy Thai!
3	My mom was there for lunch with her friends one day. Was nice enough to call me to see if I wanted anything. I tried the Kung pao chicken lunch special. Wasn't too bad. A little different than Chinese Kung pao. I had no problem gobbling up the dish. The soup was basically water with a couple of veggies in it. Tasted it. Meh. My son ended up finishing. Now for the egg roll debacle. To all you las vegans reading this. You people are getting lied to! These things that they are passing off to everyone as egg rolls are not the real thing!!! The skin on the egg roll should be bubbly from being deep fried. A dark brown color. There should be some ground pork mixed in the middle as well. Next, everyone needs to learn what Duck Sauce is. Don't let the name of it fool you. It's great for real egg rolls and fried won-tons too!
2	Should've checked out reviews before coming here. Don't want to take too many points off because the server was so nice. Went there for the "lunch special" boy oh boy did i get a "special" all right..My issue with this place is that there was a long strand of hair in my food, my egg roll to be exact. Lost my appetite immediately. Brought it to the attention of the Asian Lady with a mullet. She took a look at it, took just the egg roll and came back with a new one. Um...why would I want to eat another???? and then in the end they didn't even compensate me! what no discount? comped meal??? Manager was not there, so i called at 5pm when I was told that they would be. She wasn't apologetic, in fact she made excuses saying "well thats the restaurant business" and "so what do you want me to do about it?" I was appalled that she would come off so defensive and rude... I told her I wanted to be compensated. She snapped at me saying, "just come back and we'll give you a free meal okay?!" yeah, sure i'll come back. There's a ton of Thai places in Vegas, I advise you NOT go to this one.
4	A MUST TRY!!!!Yelpers, you know those places that you know about, finally try and scream "I CAN'T BELIEVE WE NEVER TRIED THIS!!"King & I is that place. It is by no means your average Asian food, so don't be surprised if the Orange Chicken is not what you are used to. Even the fried rice is very different. It's good, but it's not fried and sticky.We went in to order take out. There service was mixed. the first woman was nice, the second was rude, the man was friendly, but short with us. Honestly, kind of typical of Asian restaurants in Vegas. The prices were reasonable. The portions are smaller than you may expect, but the quality more than makes up for it. The food is not salty and you won't feel that "blah" laziness that you may after other similar food experiences. GET THIS FOOD!!We will eat in next time.
3	Great, friendly service. The food was good overall. The shrimp soup was very flavorful, the chicken dish I got was good, but not fantastic. Thai iced tea was delicious.
2	I thought it was impossible to make bland Thai food, but King & I has succeeded. We had 3 different entrees - Pad Thai w/chicken, Kung Pow chicken, & Shrimp Pad Hot Chili Pepper. All of them were bland and very greasy. The chicken in both dishes was overcooked, but the shrimp was cooked nicely. The only good thing we ordered was the Tom Yum Goong soup. It was flavorful and had a generous portion of shrimp.We won't be back - there are too many better Thai places in town. I wouldn't recommend King & I.
4	Love the flaming "Tom Kah Gai" soup. Presentation was awesome; it's served in a pretty cool soup bowl that has fire coming out of it in the center. It's a communal bowl for the table, so sharing is ok. The food is pretty good. I'm not big on spicy, so I stick to the simple stuff. Typically just get Pad Thai, Beef Oyster Sauce entree and a few appetizers. I also enjoy the chinese touch on some of the dishes. Yum.The place is pretty relaxed as well. The lady owner of this King & I has a pretty funny haircut too. You can't miss her.
5	Great little restaurant tucked away in a quiet shopping center. I come here every so often and the food always tastes great. Portions are great and pricing is very reasonable. They have lunch specials but I can't comment on any of those because I haven't tried them. I love getting the Pad See Ewe
1	I've ordered from king & I a couple times now.. All has gone well, up until tonight. A friend and I are having an anti-valentines dinner.. Or so we thought. Placed an order on eat24 at 8pm. Their delivery estimate says 45-60 mins. We realized it was vday, so realistically it would probably take an hour. Both times I had ordered before, it had been half an hour and they had called to let me know they were at the gate. When I hadn't heard anything at 9pm, I followed up with eat 24. Said they spoke with the restaurant and the driver was on his way. Great. No biggie. When no one was here at 9:25, I decided to just call the restaurant myself. Their phone was either off the hook, or they were deliberately ignoring calls. If it weren't for eat24, I would still have been charged for my food. Luckily they gave us a full refund. If you're too busy to keep up with your orders, then fine. At least call your customer to apologize and explain that you wouldn't be able to make it. Their food may be good, but this experience was unacceptable.
1	Food was a ONE star. Reason why they get A star was because lunch special was pretty cheap and they had a jar of pink starbursts by the cashier! (LOVE STARBURSTS)However.....I cannot remember anything more past the pubic hair in my coworkers food.The End.
1	The worst food I've ever had. The meat was boiled which gave off a foul odor! I got beef fried rice and tofu pad tai! I'm hoping it wasn't boiled horse meat! Ignore the one star! It wouldn't let me post without!!!!
5	All the curries are rich in taste and the pad Thai is the closest thing to my favorite one in the Bay Area!  This is my go to Thai joint in LV.
1	Very disappointing.  Pad thai was flavorless and very dry...it was definitely missing that pad thai taste... The dumplings were soggy and tasted funny. I will say that the duck was good. My dog liked it as well
5	This King And I is located in The Lakes.  They have great lunch specials and their Red Curry and Panang Curry is out of this world tasty!  I eat here about once every two weeks and I am always happy that I went.  The lunch special is around $7.95 and there are Thai and Chinese items to choose from.  Hope to see you there.
5	love the food. friendly staff. love love love their "Gang Dang" - Sauteed with bamboo shoots, basil, chiles, and coconut milk.
2	I love their food and was a usual for a while. They always gave me a discount when I presented my coupon and told me to save it again for next time. This stopped happening and service got rude. Not sure what made the same staff have such a bad attitude change.
5	this place is freakin awesome I love that they know me on a first name basis (even though I only order a few times a month) there sauces ARE amazing and they will correct I mean perfect anything I want to order I love this place!
1	We got a certificate to try this place from Restaurants.com.  When we got there we ordered what we normally order when we go to other Thai restaurants. When we got their food we were happily surprised at the large sizes of the entree's.  The food itself was mediocre at best.  While there my daughter needed to use the restroom, which is right by the kitchen - practically in it, they were out of paper towels so I looked under the sink to see if any were down there.  Instead of paper towels I found it swarming with tons and tons of cockroaches.   Ewwww, in an eating establishment.  Later that evening we got upset stomachs.  Will never eat there again.  Surprised it is even able to pass a health inspection.
5	I eat lunch here at least once a week. The staff is always friendly and the food is always great. I have not been able to find a better value than their lunch special.
3	We received a menu in the mail with some coupons.  We went for dinner on a Monday night.  They were located on Lake East Drive off  W Sahara Ave and S Durango Dr in the Lakes neighborhood in Las Vegas.We ordered the Massaman Chicken Curry and the Garlic Pork.  Both dishes had generous portions of tender meat.  They even gave us extra rice without an extra charge.We will be back.
3	Why was, what presumably was the owner chanting "slow down, take it easy" with some people at one of the tables?  Seriously, obnoxiously loud and obnoxiously repetitive. If that was you, dude, total dick movie.  The food was good, but for the participation of the owner, you get 3 stars. Oh, and the tables were sticky!
4	It's my first time here. I really liked that the Thai ice tea is refillable, this is the first place that does that. The Tom yum soup was very sweet and not spicy enough but it was still good. The shrimp pad Thai was very tasty. I will come back
5	Been a long time since I've lived on this side of town but I still find myself driving down here when I have a craving for Thai food. All the entrees I've had here are delicious but I usually go for the Pad See Ewe and Stuffed Chicken Wings. The Panag Curry is also good and has a nice coconut taste to it. The waitresses are fast here no matter what you need and I feel like we're always in and out when we come here. The food comes out quickly and I've never had to wait more than 10 or 15 minutes which is excellent if you're on the go. The restaurant itself is fairly small, but I've never seen a full house nor a line here. I think it's because most of their customers order take out, which wouldn't be a bad idea if I lived closer. Highly recommend this place because it's one of my favorites in town.
5	Delicious! This is a small little restaurant in the Lakes. I usually get the Panang Curry  when I'm eating here. It's absolutely delicious and I always have leftovers for my lunch the next day. They also have the best stuff chicken wings! The prices here is pretty reasonable compared to other Asian restaurants.   I will always go here to get my Thai Fix.
5	Having tried pad thai throughout the city, state, nation, and Canada I can vouch for the higher quality in King and I. This is a quintessential hole in the wall, foodies thai dream.  I am actually writing this review while sitting in another thai, Chinese fusion place and the aroma is making me crave that of King and I.
3	Had the chicken satay...really good. Chicken panang curry was decent, but really soupy. I've had better.
5	I love this Thai food!!! It's very authentic and always fresh.  Every dish I've ordered from the Pad Thai to Massaman Curry, has been delicious.  I also recommend dining in to get the full experience.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  Every dining experience I have had at King and I has been top notch.  Five stars all the way! If yelp had more I'd give it 100!
5	The King & I is the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas! I definitely recommend the Mas Sa Mun Curry and the Chow Mein.The restaurant also has great service; the owner, Carl came and sat at our table tonight to make sure we enjoyed the food! He always goes above and beyond.
4	This place is small but neatly decorated. Our party of 4 was taken care of quickly and the appetizers were wonderful. We started with stuffed chicken wings crab ragoons a shrimp roll and one of the highlights the chicken larb salad. It was spicy and loaded with flavors. We ordered a variety of food including seafood fried rice and a beef dish. The real winner of the night was my spicy pad Thai. If I lived here I would surely be a regular in this restaurant. I would come back to here if I was back in Vegas even though it was a little bit out of the way. It is nearly 5 stars more like a 4.5 stars.
2	Good curry and Thai fried rice! For having Chinese on their menu it was surprisingly good. In fact some of the best chow mien I  had in Vegas. Sometimes it can be a little greasy. Over all thumbs up.
4	I was introduced to this place a few years ago and was impressed from day one. I went back recently to meet up with some buddies I used to frequently dine with. When settling on a location, it was easy when one of them said "how about the thai place near Sahara and Durango." Four of us bellied up for lunch, each ordering a different selection from their lunch specials. The lunch special comes with an entree, rice, soup, egg roll and a drink all for $7.95. I got the Sweet and Sour Pork, as I usually do. It is some of the best in town. The others got the Pad Thai, Kung Pow and Chow Mein. They all looked delicious and the four of us left satified. We arrived just after they opened, so there was no crowd at all. It got a little busier as our lunch gathering went on. The staff was friendly and the service was prompt, never letting the berverages run empty. The King and I is hard to beat for the quality, service and price. A sit down lunch for four, including tip, for around $40. I will definitely return and highly recommend it, if you are ever in the area of The Lakes.
5	Excellent food and service. This is the only Thai restaurant that I know that gives free refills on Thai tea. I love love love this place.
4	GREAT for delivery! I've been ordering delivery from here for years. I don't mind waiting to have my food prepared with care but it always arrives hot & fairly quick. Never any mistakes. Over the yrs I've had a few inconsistencies; too spicy, too salty, or over/under cooked on the same foods. I've learned to stick with 3 items since I enjoy other Thai places for certain things. Woon Sen salad is awesome & large but unlike other places, they don't ask for a spice level so beware, it could light a fire in your mouth if u don't specify! Tom Kah Gai soup is exciting to the taste buds, perfectly sweet & sour. Papaya salad is yummy but again, it can light u up. Chicken satay is great too. I think $7.95 for 2 spring rolls & $10.95 for Tom Yum soup is high but for the most part, quality ingredients & timely preparation is considered. If u like this place, try Basil n' Lime on Ft. Apache. I go back n forth between the two, both of which charge $2 for delivery.
3	I somehow was able to finally pull myself away from the best Thai restaurant in Vegas (just down the street from K&I) to try the King!  Located in a nice neighborhood, although somewhat hidden, this place has a really cool atmosphere and friendly service.  Trendy music playing, it's a very inviting and "warm" place to eat!I ordered the Thai beef jerky and one of the specials, salmon curry.  The Thai jerky was pretty good.  It came with a sauce that looked much more exotic than it tasted.  The sauce was rather bland.  That was ok though because the jerky itself had a nice roasted flavor.  It wasn't too chewy either!  The salmon with curry was a slight disappointment for me.  I ordered it a 4/4 on the heat level, and it came out rather mild.  The taste of the curry, which was a panang style curry with moderate thickness to it, was rather bland.  A tad sweet, and thick, not offensive in any way, but bland.  The salmon was a nice big portion for $16, and tasted pretty good although a touch dry.  It came with American broccoli, which usually pairs well with this style of curry.  That was probably my favorite part of the meal.  They also give you a big portion of rice, so sharing would be an easy thing to do here.Overall, this Thai restaurant is a good one if you don't like your Thai food too spicy or too flavorful.  For me though, I am not sure I can find a reason to go back.
1	Costumer service by phone was not friendly... The basil fried rice was really too spicy and not even good taste... I will never order again from this restaurant..:((
5	I found my new favorite Thai restaurant today at King & I from the great food great service and good portion size my friends and I for sure will be back
5	The food is great and the service is always good. This is my favorite Thai restaurant. I recommend the Thai beef salad, chicken satay and Singapore noodles.
4	I have only eaten their food once and LOVED it.I did a take out and the green curry with shrimp was so good...it wss actually to die for. The spring rolls were good too. And what I was really impressed about that they did have brown rice on the menu (happy dance)I will be ordering from them again.
2	I'm visiting from the Los Angeles area and came here with a group of 5 on the recommendation of someone that lives near this resturant.One person in our party ordered green curry and when the dishes came out, they gave her red curry. The person in our party told the waitress that she ordered green curry, the waitress argued and argued that red curry was ordered and refused to take it back and left it on the table. So my group member reluctantly ate it. I ordered Kung pow chicken and it was about the worst I ever had, but maybe it was my fault, ordering a Chinese dish at a Thai resturant. It was extremely salty. I tried my wife's mint beef dish and that was also very salty. Bottom line: service: thumbs down. Food: thumbs down.
4	My favorite Thai food in vegas! Found this place a little over two years ago, friendly atmosphere and delicious food
5	Food is amazing. I've had both the pad Thai, most of the curry, the calamari, wontons, Thai iced tea. Basically I would go back all the time.
4	The restaurant is small but the atmosphere delivers a good vibe. The decorations are tasteful and the service was outstanding.The Pad See Ew was rich in flavor and spices. My only quarrel was the portion size. Perhaps the dish was slightly less than generous because I ordered it off the lunch menu but I would have expected more nonetheless.The Pad Thai was something to rave about. The chicken was tender and the noodles were cooked to perfection with an excellent flavor and aftertaste. The portion was ample.I happen to live near the restaurant so they'll definitely be seeing me more often.
5	This is our go-to Thai restaurant in the neighborhood. We order takeout from here once a week. Delivery is speedy and quality holds up very well. I love their food and flavors! My favorites are the papaya salad, panang curry and the chicken satay. Highly recommend!
3	They were nice. They give lots of food.  They took longer to get my food than they said they would on the phone (twice as long). Pad kee mao was not my favorite. Fishy and not spicy enough. Pad Thai was okay. Not that great. Not bad. Sweet but not too sweet, seemed to be missing something but I don't know what...all and all, you could do worse. The place was clean and comfortable.
1	Terrible. I got the pad see ew and it was so greasy, beef was dry and they used the wrong broccoli. The portion was a decent size. Would not recommend to anyone.
5	We loved this place!! The service was friendly, the food was excellent and it didn't cost an arm and a leg. We ordered the chicken satay appetizer (delicious!) and the beef jerky. Both came with yummy sauces and were a great way to start our meal. We also ordered the Panang curry, Mongolian beef, and Pad Thai. All definite repeaters. Overall we were more than pleased with our experience and will be returning.
3	Vegas has this weird asian thing going on. It looks as if almost every thai restaurant offers Chinese style food. I am a food purist and find it somewhat crazy and bewildering that you can get pad see ew and sweet and sour chicken at the same place....end of rant.The king and I delivers.....I like that when I am lazy. Is their food amazing no:...especially compared to Thai restaurants in San Francisco, Boston, Los Angeles, or Seattle.
4	I work pretty close to this amazing spot so they deliver for me all the time (lucky me).  There is no minimum order that they require for my delivery order either.I love their:Hot and Spicy Beef Combination Noodle Soup, if you have ever had Thai boat noodle before, this is as close as it gets and then some. This unique bowl of yummy goodness consists of beef, beef meatballs, Chinese broccoli, and a bold flavor of spices.  Their papaya salad (Som Tum) is not too great and consistent.  I always request for extra extra spicy and it never is. What i usually get is always either too sweet or never enough salt. :( The Shrimp Tom Yum Goong however is really good and spicy as i always request it.  The customer service is as good as delivery service should be....Great! This bowl consists of squid, shrimp, octopus, mushrooms, onion, and a nice sour tang from the lime juice.  My request on spice was so on point, my husband choked sipping on the broth....mmmm just how i like it!The Shrimp Springrolls on the other hand consists of wayyyy too much romaine lettuce and not enough shrimp.  :/ Despite some unsatisfying dishes, I still love this place due to their nice delivery service.  I will just order what i know is good from now on.
4	So I went back to this place because it's so convenient that I thought I'd give it another try. This time the food ended up being a lot better.  I got the drunken noodles again and this time it wasn't too fishy and it was way spicier. It's kind of sad because it's inconsistent but if you get them on a good day it's tasty. On this update I added another star because they showed me that they have the potential to make good food. Good luck!
2	I got the Pad Thai lunch special. It comes with soup, an egg roll, some wonton chips, and a soda. The price was good, but the food was not. The Pad Thai tasted funny. There was some weird after taste; I couldn't figure it out. There were no extra napkins so I had to grab one off the neighboring table. I also ordered the Thai Iced Coffee and it was very sweet. I have this place two stars because of the price. Maybe something else on the menu would taste better, but I'm not willing to try this restaurant again.
5	One of my favorites!  I order take out at least a couple times a week from here.  Great prices, Great Food.  Always happy.
1	This is the first time I am writing a review on Yelp. Sure, it's a negative one! This place has the WORST customer service ever! I was a customer here for a while, and only because their location is convenient and they deliver I stayed loyal and ordered food on a regular basis. The  FOOD is very average, my boyfriend didn't like it at all,as he knows what a good Thai food is, but since I am limited in my choices as I am vegetarian, I could live with it. It's hard to spoil tofu, you know.I agree with other reviewers, the food is different every time, and I had to "enhance" the flavor with bunch of sauces from my fridge. Today I ordered as usual a soup and two main dishes. My procedure to order is the same- I always make sure they understand it is a vegetarian order and I will get tofu and veggies instead of meat. To my surprise- I received an order with Tofu in the soup only! The main dishes were just bunch of veggies! Ok, I call them up and talk to the same person who took the order. I think he said his name is Kal or something like that. To my surprise, he started to argue with me and say that I ordered only veggies! His English is somewhat limited I think. But it didnt stop him from being extremely rude! He  said  he heard my order  very well, and that I didn't make it clear what I want, and that if he had a recording he would prove I am wrong! He didn't offer anything to do about the issue as if I am calling just to say hello! He was very rude, especially when I insisted they fix the mistake in one way or another. He told me not to teach him what to do! Who talks like this? Especially to a customer? This argument was very frustrating for me. At the end  he said he can send me some tofu so I can add it and mix it up! Not to mention that one dish even didn't have mushrooms,though they are listed on the menu! At this point I got very angry myself and said I will cancel the credit card charge as I am not paying $38 for veggies  and I do not want to wait another hour for a tofu to come in, then  he offered a 20% discount on my next order, though I made it clear I have no desire to order from them any more. He even didn't care about that.So, if you don't want to spoil your day and deal with these people- order somewhere else, I wish I read reviews on Yelp before I payed them hundreds of dollars this year! I am sure there should be a better Thai delivery place in 89117 area!
4	This has become my go to Thai delivery since moving to this side of town.  They have me in the system and we usually order the same thing and recognize the address.  We get the Tom Ka Gai with Chicken soup one of my mans favorite from travels over sea.  It is a coconut base creamy sour and spicy soup.  It has lots of mushrooms and lemon grass and thai chill.  It is dorm well to the standards of Thailand one of the reasons it is one of our favorites!   We get this one medium so I can eat it hot is very hot! Panaeng Curry, he claims to have eaten this every day on his month stay he liked it so much!  The flavor here is really good!  It has a coconut, peanut flavor full of spices it has a heavy full flavor that rests on your tongue like a stew great on a cool day.  Other favorites are Pad Thai one of my favorites from Taihland I would go to the same street vendor every day for lunch he made the best pad thai,  This come to a close 3rd for me.  Very good and very large shrimp! Pad Prik Khing Love the lingering lime taste after.The Delivery is always fast always quicker then told and always hot and freshly made.  The delivery packaging is secure and never had leaks.  They always send a new menu which has a $5 off $20 or more so if I remember it makes a great discount!My only complaint is they don't have Larb man I love larb...
4	Come here a lot.
5	I have known Linda the same amount of time I've lived on this side of town. The food is great and they treat you like family. The Tom yum is to die for. If you like Thai beef jerky this is the place to be. I'd say everything on the menu is a 5 out of 5.
