5	If you've driven near Tatum and Shea, you've definitely seen signs for Paradise Juice... they really do have the freshest smoothies, juices, sandwiches, and salads around.  I love going to this family owned business.  They work hard and deserve every penny they make.  I feel great patronizing Paradise Juice, not only because the owners are really friendly, but because I think they make really healthy, quality, fresh smoothies, etc...My favorite smoothie on the menu is 'the works.'  It comes with orange, strawberry, banana, protein powder, calcium, vitamin C, and wheat germ.  If I'm in the mood for something more sour, I have them replace the orange juice with lemon juice... mmmmmmm!I recently ventured out and tried their house salad with tuna - for $7.50, it was a yummy, healthy, and filling lunch.Go give Paradise Juice a try... I think you'll be happy you did, and your body with thank you too!
5	I agree with Gabi.  Paradise Juice is a great family owned and operated business.  I also had the works and it was exactly what I was craving.  THe kids size is perfect.... it's filling, refreshing and delicious! The place was hopping too!  It was nice to see that business is doing well and the service is good.  Highly recommend.
5	with a menu full of tempting and delicious smoothies, paradise juice delivered us daily during one extremely hot week in phx. the people who work here are super friendly. we totally made friends on day 1 and built a solid relationship by day 3; i'm pretty sure that we could walk in years later and receive the same jovial reception. our relationship mainly consisted of them making super accurate recommendations for their amazingly tasty and satiating treats and us oohing and ahhing as we sipped heaven from jumbo straws. this is definitely the place to come for your smoothie fix and veggie juice cravings. i promise you will leave happier than when you came in. i sure did.
5	Great menu full of delicious smoothies, and add in vitamins.  The smoothies come out fairly quick and the owner is really friendly, usually works the register the last time I went.  Good indoor seating and outdoor tables.  The smoothies are really fresh and you can see the employees making your smoothie from behind some glass.  The store is almost always packed with customers when I go.  Beats Jamba Juice!
4	Paradise Juice is a lunchtime jewel sequestered away from the street in a strip mall full of giant  chain stores. Ok, that was a bit dramatic, but we who have spent enough time in Phoenix know that strip malls often house great food finds and we must educate outsiders not to discriminate based on appearances. Paradise Juice is really good...seriously. And it's healthy!This little spot is owned and operated by an Iranian family that is just so genuinely nice you'll feel good giving them your business. All of their smoothies are amazing and made with fresh ingredients. Try the cranberry-based ones for something less sweet or opt for a delicious vegetable juice. If you need food on top of your liquid meal, I especially love the grilled vegetable sandwich. There are a few nice outdoor tables, albeit, your view is a massive parking lot.
5	I have been coming here since before it was named Paradise Juice and can honestly say I have never been to a better smoothie shop. I have tried every fruit smoothie on the menu and liked all of them. Wouldn't be surprised if I have had 500 smoothies here over the years and can think of only about two times I have had a sub par smoothie. Blows Smoothie King out of the water and is a step above Jamba. Favorites on the menu are Acai blues (not for everyone), The Works, Tropical Strawberry, and a few of their salads are amazing but about a dollar or two more expensive than I can afford.
5	Affordable, fresh, and has a fantastic scent that flows thru the store.  My friend and I had a fantastic lunch after our hike.  We split a smoothie and a sandwich the tuna was great.  I love sprouts on a sandwich. All for like $11.  The service is incredible and they split our smoothie and lunch for us.  I will return many times.
1	I used to go there all the time until I met the owners. They are very unaccomadating and were very unfriendly. The server gave me the wrong juice after I described it(she told me it wasn't sweet) and then admitted she gave me the wrong one  and I asked for the right one and the owner recharged me and said that it was my error and smiled at me very rudely. These people do not know how to run a business and I would recommend going elsewhere. There are many places that have exceptional service and this place is not one of them.
5	This is my favorite smoothie shop around! Their sandwiches are great and the smoothies are heaven. Prices are reasonable and the service is great. My coworkers and I visit Paradise Juice at least once a week.
5	My favorite place for smoothies, they also have sandwiches and snacks, but I have yet to try anything off the food menu. However I have tried close to two handfuls of the many smoothie options on their menu. All of them are great, but I keep coming back to the peanut butter, just cant get enough of this one, peanut butter, chocolate and bananas, how can you go wrong!?!The owners are great and incredibly friendly and they have a nice little patio out front w/ lots of plants to relax on during the cooler months in the valley.
4	What the heck do they do that makes their smoothies better than anyone's?  Magic dust?  Human catnip? Try the watermelon smoothie.  Pure heaven.  Tip:  when you enter, veer to the left to order, because they seem to get their entertainment standing around doing nothing, staring at you until the end of time while you wait for them to offer service.
5	I was so happy to find this place! I had a favorite juice bar in Chicago and I really missed my fresh pressed juice :) I finally tried Paradise and it is amazing.  Huge selection of juices, smoothies and fresh salads and other food.  I only had juice and a shot of fresh wheatgrass but both were amazing.  I cannot wait to go back!
4	I've recently started a juice habit. I'm up to about 3 a day now and when I feel too lazy to clean my juicer at home, this is my go to spot. It is family run and owned and I really dig that. My favorite is the small mood enhancer, take that with a show of wheat germ and I am ready to start the day. They have awesome looking salads and sandwiches that I have yet to try, but they are on my list. Updates to follow.
4	This place has excellent smoothies and good sandwiches. My only issue is that they have NO nutritional information for their smoothies. It's hard to know what exactly is being put in them and how many calories you are consuming.
5	Are you sweating your balls off? Then if so (or even if you aren't, but you enjoy smoothies) you need to venture down to Tatum and Shea to Paradise Juice! I've been going to this place since high school because their smoothies are a necessity during the summertime here. Jamba Juice has nothing on this place!All of their smoothies are equally delicious and are equivalent to jumping into a pool to cool down(seriously)! In addition to the yummy variety of smoothies (some ice cream based, others iced base) they have fresh juices (i.e. apple, orange, carrot, organic wheat grass, etc), sandwiches, salads, and homemade muffins to nosh on. There are a few bar stool stool and tables inside to eat or wait for your smoothie in addition to the few tables and chairs outside. Don't be scared if you see a long line either, they move quick!This is a family owned and operated! Support your local business!!
5	I love the smoothies here. They're very creamy which I like. I've been trying different kinds but so far my favorite is the Cherry Blossom. The store is also conveniently located in the shopping plaze on the corner of Shea and Tatum.
5	LOVE this place!
1	I got the Chicken Panini.  True, the day was hot and maybe that is why I ended up with food poisoning (i.e. chicken storage and/or prep).  Still not well after a week.   I won't go back  because I can't trust their kitchen.   Suggest sticking to the smoothies...P.S.   the people were not friendly in the customary way:  You know, the  " hi , glad you dropped in"  smile
5	I had the tuna avocado sandwich and the energy booster super smoothie...very tasty! I will be returning to try some of their veggie juices :)
4	Its like a Jamba Juice but with heart.   The owners are very friendly and as I always say we must support our local business's!  The wheatgrass here was clean, fresh and delicious ( well as good as wheatgrass can be) I also had a juice but none of the food... yet.  The juice was fantastic!  You can tell they really fine tuned their recipies and made something you cant make on your own.  That being said if the food is as good as that juice (which btw gave me CRAZY energy) i will be raising this to 5 stars.  The menu for food looked great, huge selection, no bland sandwiches but i was im a hurry so i didnt have sandwich time :( NEXT TIME 4 sure
4	Pretty nice place.  I had the Banana Lovers smoothie -- the only fruit in it is banana.  It could've been a bit more banana-y, but I was just really impressed that they had such a smoothie.  I don't ever remember seeing a pure banana smoothie before.It looked like  the family was operating it whilst I was there, and the owner was presumably running the cashier.  He seemed like a nice guy, even when dealing with some difficult customers.  I'd definitely come back here, given the chance.
4	Need a boost? Come here! After a long spin class  at the gym, was feeling pretty tired and went down the street and stopped in this place. Just what I needed!! Ordered the antioxident Super smoothie packed full of protein and fresh ingredients. On  a hot Phoenix day especially after a work out, it was perfect!!I noticed that Paradise is family owned and operated, great service! Took note of a couple delicious looking wraps and sandwiches coming out and figured will definitely need to come back here to try some!
5	Best smoothie bar in the state! Fresh fruits and veggies blended up right in front of you- no extra sugar or flavorings added. I go almost every other day when I am home! Nicest family that runs it too. Great fresh juice and sammies too if you are hungrier than a smoothie.
5	Love this place especially after a workout or when I am driving around trying to find something quick for dinner. Everything I get is healthy, fresh, and delicious! My favorite is the 10 veggie salad, my husband loves the California wrap and my daughter's fav is the turkey panini, best smoothies anywhere and I love the amount of juices available.
5	Paradise Juice is awesome!! Real fruit and vegetable juices made to order, and a huge selection of healthy smoothies and sandwiches. If you're on a juice fast or just like adding some healthy juice to your diet, Paradise Juice makes it easy!
5	Delicious juice. Lots of different types to try. I stop by every time I'm in the area.
2	Ordered a coconut craze and it tastes like I'm eating frozen yogurt- not the healthy smoothie that I was expecting.  I'll give them another shot and order something different next time.....
5	I came into this place yesterday for lunch. G and I shared the pesto chicken panini and the turkey cranberry sandwich both came with a bag of chips. We also shared the boysenberry smoothie. The pesto Chicken panini was my favorite! It was awesome possum! Totally hit the spot with all the fresh ingredients. The turkey cranberry was also very good! Again super fresh ingredients and delicious fresh multigrain bread.The smoothie was seriously on a different level! It was no joke one of the best smoothies I have ever had! Beats Jamba Juice any day hands down!Have various sandwiches (both hot and cold), salads, wraps and even a kids menu. This place also has tons of smoothies and fresh made to order juices to choose from! I will 100% be back to try more. I have a feeling this will be my new go to!
5	Absolutely love Paradise Juice. Their immunity juice and all green juice are probably my favorite. Helpful staff, quick service, never had an issue here. They use the freshest ingredients and their food looks amazing too.
5	I have been visiting Paradise Juice for a long time. Every smoothie always comes out fantastic, and I have not found one on the menu that isn't great.The staff is as good as it gets!!!
4	One of my favorite lunch places in the neighborhood. When my back is sticking to my car seat, the seat belt is giving me 3rd degree burns, and the asphalt has turned to liquid, I head to Paradise Juice. 1) They have good AC and 2) sometimes I just have a smoothie craving that needs to be satisfied. They have a huge selection of smoothies and you can watch them chop the fruits and veggies! This is a really nice place to "chill" (I went there).
5	My new favorite post-yoga tradition: a Wellness Juice (pineapple, pear, apple, celery, and aloe vera) from Paradise Juice. Okay, I've only done yoga once and this is my first time visiting this adorable locally owned shop, but I'm a believer. Yum!
4	I've never been disappointed with a smoothie here. I like to try a new one each time and it's always great. Great place and always busy. They could have a little friendlier staff, but they're young so it's understandable.
4	After my run at Recreation 11, I wanted some juice/smoothie to recharge myself. Found this palce around the area. It's small and clean. Quite busy when I went there. The person took my order was friendly and the juice came out quickly. I ordered the large kiwi one but it came out orange. I couldn't taste the kiwi but a hint of ginger. Maybe my tastebud changes after my long run. It wasn't cheap, about $8. But, hey, who said smoothie is cheap? Overall, it's good. I finished the whole thing on my 40-min commute to the hotel.
5	What is there left to possibly say about Paradise Juice than I LOVE them. Week after week I have continued to travel 3 miles for lunch just to get some of my favorite blended juices.  I always get The Antioxidant/ add protein  and a shot of wheat grass....as a Doctor of Chiropractic my job is very physically demanding and this lunch smoothie keeps me full for over five hours.  Since I have started visiting them for lunch I have lost over 5 lbs!  It is also family owned and the manager knows your face every time you walk in.  I believe this kind of service has sometimes been lost in the big city of Scottsdale and to find this little paradise is a treat.  Don't hesitate to go visit my friends here and enjoy EVERYTHING on the menu...you won't regret it :)
5	It's pretty good they have different flavors than Jamba Juice their wheat grass is better than Jamba Juice
5	The proprietor is so friendly. They have a terrific selection of smoothies and juices and there is no problem finding out what the ingredients are! Prices are very reasonable for fresh juice.
5	Antioxidant smoothie and wellness juice are my favorite!!!! Best smoothe/juice place in Arizona that I have found since coming here from Chicago.  I am so happy Paradise juice is close to my home, I can make weekly trips there to get my smoothie fix in. They also sell a variety of awesome protein bars my favorite is cookies and cream Questbar!! I like the layout, it's cute and simple. There are two booths and two chairs inside but there is a patio outside and with wonderful Arizona weather it can be used all year round!!This is a local family owned business, and the owners are wonderful, extremely nice peopel I would come back  just because of how awesome their customer service is.Will for sure be back here, and do recommned for those juice/smoothie lovers to try this place.
4	I was craving a smoothie and have heard good things about Paradise Juice, so I stopped in the other day and got an oasis (I think) smoothie.  You can tell the ingredients are fresher than places like Jamba Juice just by seeing all the fresh juices and cut-up fruit on the counter.  My smoothie was very good, I'll be back to try more.
5	Paradise is my favorite smoothie/lunch place. They have great salads & sandwiches, too. They're selection of protein bars and waters are top of the line! My favorite smoothie is Pineapple Paradise, favorite sandwich is veggie and I also love Pure water & quest bars. They have great wheat grass shots w/fresh oj. My son loves the strawberry-banana smoothie. I always get so excited when we get to this side of town, so we can stop in. Trust me, I make excuses just so I can stop by Paradise! Try it, you will not be disappointed!
5	Best smoothie I've ever had! The owner is extremely friendly. I won't ever go anywhere else!
5	Don't come here if you ever want to be able to go to a Jamba Juice or Orange Julius again.  The smoothies are a-freaking-mazing...I mean, I didn't think a smoothie could taste THAT good.  My friend and I were getting our nails done at the place a block or so over and she wanted to stop here because she said it was one of her favorites.  Not being one to turn down a good smoothie I agreed to go with.She ordered a Tropical something (had coconut, pineapple and I think apple and banana?  I could be wrong but I know the first two were in it for sure) and added protein powder to it.  I ordered a Strawberry Tropical something (had strawberries, pineapple, oranges and banana).  She let me try hers first and I basically did the taste test equivalent of a double look.  What I mean by that is that I took a first sip and it was so good I had to immediately go back for another to assure myself it was real and take it all in.  This smoothie tasted like some kind of ice cream/smoothie/pina colada/heaven in my mouth!  Normally I don't like adding protein to smoothies because it adds a flavor that throws it off but you couldn't even tell in this bad boy.  It was so good I was nervous to try my own drink because I didn't think it would live up to hers.  Much to my surprise and delight, it was just as good!I straight up told the manager/owner (?)  that I will never go anywhere else for smoothies again.  Nothing will ever be able to compare.  So like I said, if you want to be able to go elsewhere, don't try this place.  However if you're ready and willing to try the best smoothie of your life then you better get some before I drink them out of business!
5	The family who owns this place is so nice.  Also their juice is excellent whether its off the menu or custom.  So healthy and so good!
5	When the pregnant wife wants a smoothie, she's getting a smoothie.  I can't say that I'm all that familiar with smoothie shops around the valley, so I checked out the Yelp app, and found Paradise Juice.  It wasn't the closest place, but when 50+ reviewers give it 4.5 star average, we decided we should drive the extra mile or two to give it a try.  We're happy we did.What really sticks out about the smoothies at Paradise Juice is that they're actually smooth.  A lot of places I've been too either blend them down to a juice or make them way too icy like a slurpee.  At Paradise Juice, the smoothie actually tastes like thick fruit, yogurt, and juice.  If there were any artificial ingredients in this drink, I sure couldn't tell.
5	Love this place! All of the smoothies I have had are very flavorful but the crunchy peanut butter smoothie is amazing!!!
5	I have been going to Paradise Juice for 10 years.  The husband/wife owners of the shop are incredibly nice, and even with a full staff are always present in the storefront.  Literally every time I have been here, the owners are the ones who take my order and prepare my food (I always order the BBQ Chicken Panini).  While some Mom & Pop shops are questionable, this place is leaps and bounds above any other juice bar or smoothie shop; in both customer service and food quality.  Seeing the proprietors work hands-on in order to ensure the success of their business speaks volumes, and this level of commitment is clearly reflected in the quality of every single item on the menu.  Lifelong customer right here.
5	Ive been going here since they opened and never once had a bad experience. The family who owns it is wonderful and the smoothies are great.
5	This place is seriously amazing! The smoothies are out of this world and the staff is so friendly and helpful! The fruit tasted fresh, not frozen and everything was delicious down to the last drop. I just wished that I lived closer so that I could stop in more often!
1	Asked what the coconut smoothie was.Was told it was coconut and yogurt.Asked what kind of coconut.Coconut milk. Ummm okay what's the pineapple smoothie?Pineapple and coconut and apple and banana.Okay well is that apple juice and fresh pineapple? It's fruit and juice.Ummmmmm okay I'll have that. Can you add protein?Yes.Okay.15 minutes later I got a cup of blended ice with a slight SLIGHT hint of a taste of pineapple.NO thanks!What a waste of five dollars.I drank a few sips and the rest of the half of the cup was filled with tasteless blended ice.Please be more transparent about your ingredients and please make better smoothies.
1	Have always loved their smoothies. Never been much of a fan of the food....rather flavorless. The staff is primarily incompetent and aloof.Today, they were rude to my daughter...and then to me.Probably a safe bet that we will not be returning.
4	Paradise Juice is a daily ritual when we're staying in Paradise Valley.  The freshly-made juices on the menu are great but PJ comes into it's own when you customize the standards.I love Kale, and getting a Green Juice made of primarily Kale instead of the basic offering of cucumber was no problem.It's not the cheapest juice bar in town but you get what you pay for; Paradise Juice is worth every penny!
