5	Tonight was the soft opening, and I was super lucky to snag an invite.I brought my stepfather as my +1, and have a feeling that got me more brownie points than I ever could have hoped for!I've been to the Mesa location several times, but was looking forward to the BBQ. Stepdad was having a new experience from the start.We shared an order of hush puppies, a bag of shrimp (with corn, potato, and sausage) and 1/4 lb samples of the brisket and pulled pork with sides of traditional BBQ and Creole mustard sauces.We also were served Hurricanes to drink. (Or could have opted for a couple of Grand Canyon brews.)It was all terrific! Since Stepdad had never experienced Angry Crab, I got to see it through his eyes as a new place. He was floored!The hushpuppies are more dense than any I've seen before, but the flavor is just incredible.The shrimp was delicious (maybe boiled about 30 seconds too long - but this was a soft opening - I was expecting hiccups.)The brisket and pulled pork were both tender, moist and incredibly flavorful even without the sauce.We both enjoyed both sauces. The traditional was solid, and the Creole mustard was a tangy change of pace. Yes - we got messy and went through a stack of napkins - but there are handwash stations in the dining room - and mess is half the fun of a crab shack.I'm really looking forward to the official opening, and already have a UYE planned for next Saturday - I can't wait to see the full menu! I'm not alone - Stepdad is coming to join me there for Sunday Night Football next week - and is already planning what he'll be ordering!It's more than a little dangerous this place is so close to home. I had joked with the owner over the summer that I will have my mail forwarded there and my paycheck direct deposited into his account. Now I'm not so sure it was a joke, after all...
5	Went to the industry night tonight. .never fails to fill me up and serve me amazing Cajun food.. I always get the hot trifecta shrimp boil.. I am not a big BBQ person but the sauces they have are awesome.. I'm a huge fan and I go to the old location. .but this one is closer to me.. it's always a great environment and I can't wait to see their full menu caution messy but worth it..make sure u say hi to andy diamond lol
5	I can't even begin to explain how AMAZING the FOOD and STAFF are here! Coup has got some great drinks going on behind the bar, our server was fantastic, the owner is beyond accommodating and PHENOMENAL!!! (Not to mention, his lovely wife/owner/manager is a badass) Sauces are exceptional and 14hr smoked pulled pork is worth a trek from anywhere. Snow crab is always a must!!! Bottom Line: THIS IS A GREAT SPOT AND YOU HAVE TO COME TRY!!! They open on Wednesday!
5	Thank goodness this type of restaurant has come to Phoenix: BBQ and seafood boil! You can smell the BBQ once you walk in and it is a delight. Definitely get the ribs with the mustard sauce; they worked perfectly together. The pulled pork was quite moist and a sizable portion - my meat loving friends will be so satisfied. My heart lies with seafood and am pleased to have so many high quality options at affordable costs. The snow crab was delectable with the Trifecta. The shrimps were massively plump and when combined with the Pacific Rim sauce...this yellow curry was too good and I cannot wait to try it out with the crab. And my favorite, mussels with the lemon pepper sauce. Tender and full of flavor. The best aspect though is how happy and attentive the staff are. It is obvious they love to be working in such a quality and fun environment. I will be a regular here most definitely!
5	I was invited to the soft opening of the new location, and it did not disappoint! The staff was attentive and knowledgeable, the seafood was excellent, as always and the new BBQ items were SPECTACULAR!! The ribs were smoked to perfection and the sauces were awesome! The atmosphere is fun, family oriented and welcoming. This is a great neighborhood for this type of restaurant you better get there ASAP as soon as they open!
5	Got invited to the invite only soft opening of the new Angry Crab Shack and BBQ. Food was awesome as it always has been every time I have gone to Angry Crab. The big thing was the BBQ, and it was really over the top. The ribs were the best I have had at a restaurant, really delicious! Tender and not greasy, with melt in your mouth awesomeness. Tried the brisket, it was really good also.  Also had the usual Angry Crab shrimp, mussels, and crawfish, all were really great as always. I will be there again tomorrow the the official opening as I promised a friend I would take her there for her birthday. Hope to see you there, you will not be disappointed!!
5	First off, Dan his team very fun hardworking guys, and when I knew that AC was coming to Central Phx, I couldn't wait.Went in there for the private soft opening and it was sure a treat. The food and flavors was spot on delicious.. The crawfish was huge and snow crab was good. The venue is really big and I already know that this we be an awesome spot for a fun late night eating with friends. Just a fun environment for finger food eating.Congrats on the guys and team of Angry Crab for bringing it into Phx. Good job. See ya soon again!
5	The food was great! Very delicious,  good flavors. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely be back!
2	I don't work for the Angry Crab so my review will be more honest.  I arrived at 3:10 pm, thinking they just opened.  The place was already very busy.  The staff is trained to be high energy, so when I entered the employees began  screaming at me, "hootin and hollerin" if you will.  I thought I was doing a curtain call.  Remember, this is the first day.  I ordered a drink and there was much confusion as glassware is limited to mason jars' I ordered fried oysters and bbq baked beans.  The beans were immediately served, (I make much better).  I played with the beans but did not eat them.  Five to ten minutes later my drink and oysters arrived.  The drink was OK and the oysters need future attention. The acoustics are terrible!  With all of the noise, I had to leave.  I'll try the bbg next time, but the portions were not as large as the first review stated.  I'm glad there is finally a  restaurant in the vacant slot.  I hope they get the bugs worked out.  I also be glad when  there's less help asking me if everything is OK.
5	We were  thankful  to attend the soft opening  for what will be the best neighborhood hang-out located  adjacent to the Camelback Corridor,. This fabulous seafood boil and Barbeque offers something for everyone. The staff which was upbeat and knowledgeable, not only helped to direct in our selections but made our dining experience relaxing and fun. The menu offers a wide selection for all ages and the best ribs ever! My fav was the large scrumptious shrimp and snow crab legs. Can't wait till I return with friends who will bring there friend and so on and so so! Wishing much success for all future locations that will hopefully follow!Liz D
5	We have been huge fans of ACS in Mesa since it opened (see my review). We have been driving all the way across town to eat there every few weeks. Needless to say, we were absolutely psyched to have one open a few minutes from our house. It looks like they retained a lot of what made the first restaurant so successful. The atmosphere is casual and the writing on the walls and paper table cloths makes it perfect for kids. In addition, there is a huge patio which will be great in the nice weather, a way bigger bar and beer selection and, importantly, BBQ!Like the other location, service was impeccable and genuinely cheerful. It seems like people are actually happy working there. We had the snow crab legs- per usual with trifecta. It was perfect. We then tried the brisket. Flavors were great. I prefer my brisket a little more tender, but given it was the very first day, I'm sure they will nail it. We also had some sausage that was really good.We met up with old friends and just had a great meal and a great time. We will be back often.
3	We came into this new location bc it is very close to our home. I would have to say that this place is just OK- it is incredibly loud inside, I think it has something to do with the wood walls that amplify the sound. The menu was also very confusing! It is overload to the eyes and very difficult to understand. Very cluster and disorganized. As for the food- it was on the expensive side and the portions were small. I do have to say, the flavor was good and the meat quality was good.
5	Excellent.   Happened to stumble in on opening nite. Food was great.  Drinks and beer amazing.    Good prices and portions good size.    Soft shell crab delicious !!!   We are going back tomorrow nite with additional family members.
5	I went to the one in Mesa to see how it was and then liked it so much I took my whole staff there for dinner the next week. Really glad this one opened up in Phoenix on my side of town. Tried it on Monday and it was every bit as good as the one in Mesa. Try the mussels with trifecta sauce. Amazing. Their BBQ ribs were also really moist with a nice BBQ sauce to go with.
5	SO we love this place. We fell in love with the Mesa location and now that this one is in Arcadia we couldn't be more excited. We dined here on their 2nd night open to the public and couldn't even tell!! We are both in the industry (food and beverage) and were very impressed with how smoothly things seemed to be running. The food came out fast and hot. Our server, Emily, was so sweet, kind and knowledgeable. She gave us a nice tour of the menu even though she knew we had dined at the other location. The teamwork was great. We were greeted immediately by another gentleman in an awesome kilt simply because he wanted to make sure we were not waiting too long. Through out the meal other staff members as well as Emily were very attentive. There are lots of TVS for sports lovers and a relaxed vibe which is what you want from this kind of place.  Writing on the walls is so fun and suggested! We ordered the crab, shrimp, corn and sausage and a side of Cajun fries. I highly recommend the trifecta flavor blend and if you can handle it add the spice in there. We got the 3rd level and it was perfect (again a perfect recommendation from Emily based on what we told her we like in spice) If they keep going like this it will be the next casual hot restaurant in Arcadia! Happy to have them in our neighborhood
5	A very well deserved 5-stars. Checked out my new neighborhood spot last night & was overly impressed with the level of customer service & the amazing shrimp in trifecta sauce ($12) with a level medium heat. They know how to bring the heat! Be careful when ordering your heat level. The interior is fun and lively. I think the pricing is very fair & I look forward to trying out lobster, and fried clams! What an amazing addition to the neighborhood! Keep up the good work.
4	we went there for lunch on their second day of buisness, the service was great , everything was explained, had the gator nuggets(excellant), my girl had the catfish which she loved, and i had the pork bbq.only negatives we had was lack of ice cubes in our ice tea, the cole slaw was dry but tasty, othewise we will be back again, and highly recommend this place..    HOW BOUT THEM DAWGS..........
4	Ohhhhhhh mah god. This place is that good. Let me start by saying I was mad at this place.... I tried their food at Scottsdale Spice and thought I was going to die. Their 'hot' sauce turned out to be one of the hottest sauces you can get... it was so hot, I couldn't taste for about 30 minutes... it hurt.... so I was not so thrilled. Anyway, in hind sight, I decided that they were true to the festival and brought the heat and in the nature of being a good sport, I decided to come out to a UYE here tonight with a small group of Yelpers. I am so glad I did. This food was phenomenal. I had the hush puppies (3$ for about a thousand of them), which had jalapeno inside and were little fried balls of joy. I tried a grilled oyster... never had this before... it was so fantastic. Garlicky and wonderful. There aren't many places where I would actually order oysters, but this is now added to my list. For my meal, I had the fried cod po' boy (7$.... yes you read right... and this thing was big enough for 3 meals) with a side of the 'trifecta' sauce at a level 3 spiciness. This was damn good... spicy, without being too spicy. The fish was flavorful without being fishy. The bread was soft and delicious. The fries it came with were crunchy and spiced perfectly. This place has some serious 5 star potential pending a second visit (which should happen in the near future). Definitely recommend!!!PS they have Abita beer here, which was good, and the service was fantastic... these guys really took care of us. Thanks guys!
5	What a treat this evening was! A bunch of us yelpers met here for a get-together organized by Arana W. The place is spacious and bright, thanks to the big windows in front of the restaurant. It was noisy in a fun way with a very lively vibe, thanks in part to the enthusiasm of the staff who seemed to me to really enjoy their work here. I ordered a pound of shrimp with trifecta sauce, heat level 2 (the levels go up to 5, but the highest 2 levels are strictly for the very brave), with corn on the cob, sausage, and red potato. What a dynamite combination: big, sweet shrimp, some of the best I've ever had. The other items were perfect complements, all bathed in that glorious trifecta sauce. Upon Arana's suggestion, I ordered Abita Pecan Harvest to wash it all down ... excellent recommendation.  I'm so glad this place opened in Arcadia. I love Angry Crab in Mesa, but now I don't have to drive as far to enjoy a great seafood experience.
5	Absolutely a five star for last night's feast. This their second location is just as energizing and friendly as the Mesa location. The seafood and bbq was awesome with 5 star service!  No complaints from our party of 5. See you soon and thank you again! :-)
5	WOW what amazing service from ashley! The whole crew was interactive and you could tell they loved their jobs but Ashley really went above and beyond when it came to recommendations and taking us through the menu! We will be back many many times.
4	Firstly let's get one thing clear: New Orleans is my jam. I freaking love that city. I love that nothing ever closes. I love that people speak French. I love that you can take drinks TO-GO from restaurants. I love that it is simultaneously home to some of the finest white-glove restaurants in America as well as some of the seediest, most degenerate bars that have ever been built. And most importantly, I LOVE the food.  So when I saw that Angry Crab, a Mesa restaurant that I've been meaning to get my Cajun fix from for months, was opening a new location down the street from my house, I was beyond thrilled.Angry Crab doesn't necessarily bill itself as a "New Orleans" restaurant, but the elements are there. Cajun seafood boils, po-boys, oysters (even char-grilled!), and alligator are all on the menu and when we ventured over, a whopping 4 days after they open (I'm surprised I could even wait that long) I knew exactly what I wanted: A dozen raw oysters and a pound of crawfish.  Unfortunately, after we were greeted by our cheerful waitress, we were informed "We're out of crawfish and we're out of raw oysters". Whomp whomp. So I guess they need to work out some kinks in inventory, understandable since they've been open for such a short period of time, but I honestly might not have even gone had I known that in advance.Instead we split a dozen wings (kinda like oysters right? Except...not at all), I got a pound of snow crab (trifecta sauce, spice level 2) and Lance got the Alligator Basket.  The wings were delicious. Instead of traditional wing sauce we just got the same trifecta sauce they use for the boils and it was fantastic, no ranch or any additional dipping sauce was needed.  My crab legs were also awesome, and a HUGE portion. I wasn't exactly sure how much a "pound" would be, considering the shell-meat weight ratio, but it was more than enough for me and would probably be enough for two people to share with a couple apps and sides.  At $15/lb that day for the snow crab (less or more for other items), I thought it was a pretty decent value.  I was too busy working for my food to try any of the Alligator basket but it was devoured so I'm sure it was good too.All-in-all, I'm looking forward to Angry Crab reversing the curse of that particular location so I can keep getting my NOLA fix without buying a $300 plane ticket (and nursing a 3-day hangover because, come on, it's New Orleans). I'll update when I can go back to get my oysters and crawfish, which I'm sure I'll find a way to do VERY soon (though I'll call ahead this time).
5	The BBQ is fantastic! Delicious trifecta sauce. Great ambiance and service! Never been to a place like this in Phoenix before.
5	Lucky to have this new Seafood/BBQ restaurant in my neighborhood.  The place is loud, it is messy, people graffiti all over the walls.  I love it!  I would say it is perfect for a first date as if you date does not like to eat with their hands while wearing a plastic bib, well then, best you know that right up front.  While we did not try the BBQ, the seafood was outstanding. I will probably not go with the fried seafood next time but if that is your thing, then go for it.  The real star here is the fresh seafood.  We ordered a pound of shrimp and a pound of snow crab.  It was perfectly cooked and served quickly.   Thank you to our server Matthew for his outstanding service.
5	Best Seafood in Phoenix! Loved the crab legs and you can make it spicy as you want.  The ribs were also amazing, the meat just fell off the bone!  The services was very good considering how busy it was, and to top it off the price was very good considering what you get. Will definitely be back ASAP!!
3	I had the ribs and friend had the shrimp.  Ribs were OK and friend said shrimp were great!Service was slow and ribs were out 5 min shrimp.
4	Met up with some friends to get down and dirty with them!  What? Down and dirty?  That's right, it's a crab boil, its messy, it's saucy, and you get very dirty! But don't worry they have a washing station nearby so you can clean up quick like.It was my 1st experience with a crab boil ever, so I leaned on friend's advice on which way to go, I knew I wanted Snow Crab and with great help I went with the trifecta level 2, now this had some great flavor man it was delish, but next time I think I will kick it up a bit and try the heat level 3.It was one pound of Snow Crab at market price, which at that time was 15 bucks, honestly that's not bad at all if you think about how much a good meal would cost you elsewhere.  The Snow Crab was cooked perfectly, it was so juicy and tender I was very sad to see I ate it all it was that good!I also added an order of hush puppies, that was some fried up goodness right there and tried out there bbq beans, those were not the most pretties to look at but it made up in flavor for sure, before I knew it. it was gone.The Angry Crab was a great dinner choice, look forward to going back!
4	So I returned today, the restaurant is now open for lunch.  First of all, the noise level has diminished greatly.  I sat at the bar and enjoyed two drafts.  I ordered a half pound of brisket and a half pound of pulled pork.  Both were great but I highly recommend the pulled pork.  Both were succulent and tender, no knife needed.  I had both the potato salad and cole slaw.  Both were winners in my book..  The Angry Crab  Shack and BBQ is almost there, I highly recommend it.
4	I think I may actually like Angry Crab better than Hot N Juicy ...For only being open for 3 days, AC has seem to have it down. A crowded restaurant, but didn't have to wait too long for seating. They have the Cajun style seafood with the addition of fried sides and even BBQ.Of course I had to try their Trifecta sauce and shrimp and decided to go for the frozen crawfish and Tamarind sauce just to try- both with Medium heat. The latter you should pass on. Also decided to try their fried soft shell crab with cajun fries and some soda.Their shrimp seems so much bigger here, fresh and their Trifecta sauce was well balanced. Their sauce isn't too liquidy or dry, overly salty but good cajun flavor. Pass on the Tamarind sauce as it was overly salty, way spicier than Medium and had a strong fishy taste to it. Nothing close to what Tamarind really tastes like, the frozen crawfish is to be expected. Dense and not fresh tasting- but I knew that ordering it for $8 a pound.Great service! Checked back on often, refilled drinks and I love that they provide lemons or limes and all kinds of hot sauces.Can't wait to come back to try some of their BBQ! It does get pretty rowdy in here, if you're looking for that kind of environment as well.
5	This place is amazing! The atmosphere, decor, service and food were all top notch! My husband and I came here about a week ago after a very long day. We had an unfortunate death in the family we were dealing with and just needed to unwind. Our waiter was JK (Hi JK!!). As first timers he took the time to explain the menu to us and made sure we felt welcomed.  We ordered the cajun fries and hush puppies.  OMG!!! They were delicious! We ordered beer which came out very cold. He was attentive to our table checking back often but not too often. I ordered the trifecta mussels mild with red potatoes.  There was soooo much flavor in this bag (a good thing). To me the mild was a little on the spicy side, so next time I will have no spice. My husband ordered the trifecta lobster with corn and sausage, hot. He was very pleased with his meal. This is not an intimate restaurant, it is not meant to be an intimate restaurant. You are to come here, have fun and laugh. I really enjoyed the writing on the walls. It is messy on purpose as they give you a bib and there is an industrial sized sink to was your hands. It can be be noisy, but again I was not expecting a quiet, dimly lit establishment.  In my opinion this would be a prefect place to have a celebration!
5	I got to say....I've been waiting a long time for great food. Angry crab has it all. Great price, great quality, and great service. Wide variety on the menu bigger place then it looks. I have been about 6 times in last week and a half. I don't have to drive far for mediocre cajun seafood. Staff is friendly and owner is great person. About 12 tv's and they have 3 satellites for some football. It is a saints bat but nonetheless it's a great place. You must try it. I'll be coming back for months, years , until I'm dead
5	So we finally checked it out! The place is huge too like the mesa location but there's no patio sits. The front staff were nice and pleasant. Our server was helpful and nice. Our food came out hot and fresh. I ordered trifecta shrimp which is my favorite from the mesa location and it tasted the same! What I like about this location is they serve BBQ! It was my first time to try their brisket and it was soft and tender and delish. But it doesn't go along with the shrimp. So just order it with cajun fries and beer, it's better. If you are feelin the crustaceans, order the shrimps/crabs or the mussells/clams with rice and lots of lemon juice!!!
5	I love this place! The food was delish! (No photos to share here because I ate 'em all!). The service was very friendly and money well spent! I like the casual atmosphere. Great place for hanging out with friends or bringing out of town guests here. I will definitely recommend this place to friends, and 'I'll be back' (in Terminator voice) to demolish some more crab and shrimp...nom, nom, nom!
3	Cool concept, but they are obviously still working some kinks out.  The good: food was smoked nicely and had good flavor.  Bar has a decent selection of beers to go along with the full bar menu.  Typical open stile floor plan.  Not a place for a quiet romantic dinner... The bad: The menu is confusing and disjointed at best.  Not to mention poorly done.  The spicing of the sauces is irregular and the staff says that the heat levels are off.  Best plan would be to order no spice and have the sauces on the side.  I like spicy food, but the "mild" completely over powered the smoke flavor.  Easily this place could be a 4 or a 5, or drop down to a two when and if they can work those kinks out.
1	stopped in tonight to get food to go on the way home, no one wanted to go out.have never been here before and wont be back. placed my order, pound of shrimp boil $12, pound of crab boil $15, hush puppies. sat on bench across hostess station, waited and waited and waited. people coming and going having a good time, eating drinking, still waiting. saw about three tables get sat well after I placed my to order getting there food and eating. after about 45min I stood up from the bench and the hostess asked if I was waiting on something and said yes my order, she looked at me and said your order? I said I have been sitting here for 45 min waiting for my to go order watching these people that came 15 and 20 min after I put in my to go order already eating and half way done with there food, blank stare from hostess. with that I left and will not return.
4	We need a place like this in town. Seafood is flown in every day-ish and the staff is awesome. If you can, ask for Matthew. Great personality and will help you figure out how to find the meat in a blue crab!!
5	Came here for the first time! Awesome food and awesome staff! Matthew is THE BEST! He is friendly and gentle with his gloves on :)! Highly recommend this for fun and great food!  Ask for Matthew!!!
5	Went with 5 other friends and everything was great!  Our server Mathew was great as well.
4	So the service sucks. Not in a rude way, but just kind of slow and we had three servers ...  Also all food was delivered at different times w no explanation until the last person's food was not delivered for a few minutes. Also, I wanted dessert but just dropped off the check before asking ? Okay.. Also, menu would be confusing if you didn't know what was going on... But ....As for the food... Yum! The spice levels are off (the staff will tell you this though) I had the king crab trifecta level 3... Definitely not medium.. I love Spicy and could have gone 4 but this was still pretty hot. We also had gumbo, which was delicious. I would recommend... Just be ready to get down and dirty (and maybe wait a little)
5	We had a blast with Ashley. Best Monday ever. She really knows her menu and we loved the food that she suggested for us. We were bummed they didn't have the Gator Nuggets or Crawfish, but Ashley was so much fun that we didn't care in the end. She helped redirect us to other menu choices and we left very happy. We will definitely be back, and we recommend asking for Ashley.
5	Holy crap!! From the decor to the service to the food, absolutely incredible. The shrimp with the trifecta sauce is incredible. Can't say enough great things about this place. Will be back, in fact we are already regulars.
5	Great seafood & BBQ come for dinner and a show! Request Matthew for the best waiter!!!!!!Best seafood in the area
5	I decided to treat myself to lunch after a grueling six-day work week at my bartending job.  Immediate greet from smiling faces was great!  My server, Dwayne, was attentive and took his time explaining the menu as it was my first time here.  I decided to go with the BBQ side of the menu and had the big BBQ platter.  I had the pulled pork, pulled chicken and ribs.  Pork and chicken were tender and delicious, baked beans and slaw were tasty but the ribs were a little dry and over done (good flavor, though).  Definitely invest an extra dollar in your meal for their fresh baked bread!  Crusty warm goodness! Five stars for the outstanding service.  And  I will definitely be back to give the ribs another chance and to try the seafood.  Two thumbs up!!
4	For a new location I was very impressed..there was 6 of us & we all tried a little bit of everything..my catfish was huge & cooked Texas right..crab legs were moist in the bag as were the veggies..not a fan of the slaw ..but everything else was delightful if you don't mind a little down home messiness with a bib provided..Best of all..our server Matthew was informed, funny , efficient ...& didn't hesitate to hand over the markers when I asked to mark the wall with a K.C. arrowhead by the Broncos..kudos.. Good luck..we'll be back.
4	Seafood and BBQ in one spot!?  Whoever thought of this concept is a genius!!!  The pacific rim sauce was fantastic.  It's basically a light coconut curry sauce.  I would recommend it with mussels or clams.  And get fresh oysters, and shrimp and crab legs in either the trifecta or garlic sauce.  They're a must!
5	Awesome! Staff is always nice and informing. My favorite restaurant. The food is the best seafood in town.
5	Yes! From our of town and looking for something local with an atmosphere. Decided I liked the menu.  No let down.  Ask for Cassie.... great and made sure we were very comfortable.  Food was great and great choices.   You won't be dissatisfied.
2	First of all, I really wish I could rate this place higher; our neighborhood really could use some good bbq and seafood. Here's our experience:My wife & I were quickly seated, and our waitress quickly got to our table and explained how things work at the Angry Crab. At this point we're thinking we are in for a good meal. Drinks were served right away and we looked forward to the arrival of the food. This is where things went downhill. My meal arrived first. I ordered the brisket which was not good. It was mooshy and tasteless aside from the bbq sauce that was ladled onto the meat right before it arrived. The meat tasted like it may have been boiled before it was put into the smoker. If you want to taste the real thing head to south Phoenix and try Little Miss BBQ (it's a TEN). I did eat most of the brisket because I was hungry. I give it a 3 out of 10. Bummer.After I completely finished my meal my wifes diner arrived. Timing not so good. She ordered battered shrimp. We expect deep fried anything to have some oil on it since it is submerged in the stuff until cooked. Problem here was that the fries tasted like shrimp, so we think it is all deep fried together. Also, the batter held onto too much of the grease. It left a heavy after taste. The corn that was served was COLD, not like it had become cold by sitting, but cold as if just taken out of the fridge cold (yuk!). I brought a pulled pork sanny home for  my daughter. I tasted the pork once home: same mooshy boiled flavor the brisket had. It was not something I would order again. Sorry guys.The drinks were great and Rachel provided great service. I really want this place to work, so I am going to give it another try. I will order the crab and shrimp boil next time I go in. I hope it is good. I can tell they are trying, so the place has a chance since the owners and staff seem to be putting out effort. Sometimes all it takes is a little honest feedback and positive response for a restaurant to really make a splash.
4	One of the more fun places to casually experience the splendors of the sea.  There are enough options to satisfy most appetites and the prices are very reasonable.  Probably best to go and order as a group as you have to commit to a full lb of whatever you order.  It would be nice if you could mix and match in 1/2lb increments.
4	Good location, hostess greeted and sat us accordingly, server didn't introduce himself, felt sort of rushed when placing drink order, but he answered questions thoroughly and was knowledgeable in regards to the menu.  Interior was welcoming, comfortable, open, love how bright it was, good for groups, affordable, delicious food, seasoning & spice was just right, can be a bit noisy, so no napping children here and they do not give plates or silverware, but that's what the paper on the table is for and your hands and fingers!!! Fun atmosphere; met the owner who was kind and personable! Good menu selection and fun drink menu!  Definitely recommend.
5	Love this place! The trifecta sauce at a heat level 2 is perfection. I like that the shrimp still have the head on. A pound will fill me up and its only $12! The Cajun fries are really good too.The space is very large and there are some TVs. Be prepared to get messy, its finger lickin good!Haven't tried the BBQ yet, but i plan to soon...
4	I actually love AC2 more than AC1. AC2 is within walking distance from my house, doesn't have a 45 minute wait, and as at least one reviewer pointed out - serves noticeably bigger, juicier, and sweeter shrimp. Although snow crab and shrimp in trifecta is my typical go-to, I felt compelled to sample the deep fried soft shell crab and gumbo tonight. The gumbo was TOP NOTCH, but the soft shell crab wasn't as crispy as I thought it should have been. The staff informed me that next time, I could ask for my fried foods "extra crispy." Noted. The wait staff was awesome and the food was delicious. The only reason I won't give in and rate AC2 the five stars they probably deserve is because they were out of hush puppies tonight. I mean, WTF. I just wanted gumbo and hush puppies for dinner and I couldn't - which really made me hangry... Although our excellent server introduced us to the lime/salt/pepper wonder dip, I'm still a little ticked about the hush puppies... *insert angry face here*Lack of hush puppies aside, the portions and flavors and prices and service can't be beat. I hope AC2 does better than the previous three tenants of that restaurant space - we will watch and hope that they do.
4	Great food and a fun atmosphere! The shrimp was my favorite along with the Cajun fries. Prepare to eat with your hands and get a little messy. The wait staff seemed a little confused about the menu but we ate there when it first opened so they may have been adjusting. On the plus side they were very friendly and polite.
3	After a good hike, we look for a restaurant that we can reward the hard work.  When we pulled into the parking lot, the crab fighting a pig sign catches our attention.  It is an odd combination to see BBQ and Cajun food at the same restaurant, but heck, the review was great, so we gotta try.We ordered a lb of shrimp and clam.  The spicy level at this restaurant is pretty strong.  We had medium and it has some kick already.  The shrimp is nice and big, but may not be completely fresh.  The clam has a little bit of sand inside.  The frog leg was a nice surprised, but the frog leg was huge and a bit chewy.  the meat has a bit waxy taste.  Perhaps frog taste is just not for me.Beside the Cajun food, I ordered the Pit Plate which contains brisket, rib and pulled pork.  I had the mustard sauce and it was tasty.  Meat fall off the bones and are very tender.  I strongly recommend this over the cajun food.
4	The waiter was amazing, and so was the food. The ambiance is really nice. Very fun and loud. VERY casual. Don't wear anything nice, you WILL smell like their sauces. The food was really great and super interactive. I don't suggest the shrimp, they're not that great. King crab still has my mouth drooling.
2	Tonite I went the shrimp scrawny not their usual service very disappointed.  I've gone to the Mesa location & OMG big juicy shrimp & snow crab this time I was very disappointed.  The shrimp scrawny she'll was stuck to the shrimp.  I felt like the hoodwinked me this was just bad. Not happy at all.
4	Being this was our first visit the server was very thorough and detailed about their menu.  Ordered king crab, snow crab, and shrimp. The traditional boil was well spiced at the level we desired.  The trifecta was EXCELLENT!  Super buttery, full flavored garlic without the large chunks or being overbearing.  It was nice to eat this Cajun seafood and not smell of it all day long, unlike many other restaurants similar.  The quality of the king crab was great... The shells crack and break, not bend.  The meat on the ends are white. The pound seems to be true to weight.  They provide a bucket for your shells.  The paper for the table is waxy so it doesn't not easily tear through when wet.  Great overall.
5	Amazing seafood and atmosphere, definitely get the trifecta sauce. Justin the manager was funny, on point with having a fresh beer and menu suggestions. Expanded menu and a larger space is definitely helping this place out. Please stop by and sign the wall. You will not be disappointed.
4	A must try when in Phoenix. So much better than Hot n Juicy spots. Cajun fries was delish & shrimp bag was awesome. Add corn in your seafood bag for extra taste. Careful when picking your spice level cuz even mild is spicy. As for the sauce opt for the trifecta choice which is Cajun, lemon pepper & garlic sauce.
5	When we walked in I felt like I was on vacation at a restaurant next to the ocean.  Very fun, loud atmosphere.  My BF and I came in after a quick yelp search of nearby restaurants an once again were not disappointed!  We were surprised to be seated immediately because the parking lot was pretty packed.  Our friendly waitress explained everything and brought out bibs and things to crack crab.  The table is covered in paper which is good cause it's definitely a messy meal!  We ordered the hush puppies as an app and they were tasty.  He ordered the king crab and I ordered the shrimp.  We paid $2 more to have their heads removed.  Well worth it as I don't like my food looking at me before I devour it.  We got a bag of veggies to share. The veggies were good but we weren't too sure about the pumpkin that was in it.  It was a ton of food.  We both ordered the trifecta sauce #1 heat and that was spicy enough for us wimps.  It had a delicious flavor.  I couldn't eat all my shrimp but my BF was able to finish it after he ate his crab.  We had a fun and tasty experience and will definitely be back.My only recommendation for the restaurant would be to give out wet naps at the end for those of us who choose to dig in and not wear gloves!
4	Second time here, first time wasn't super impressed but I think it's because we were comparing it to Hot n Juicys. If you want a trifeca sauce, I'd recommend HNJ... the trifeca sauce here is a little too oily and not juicy at all so it doesn't penetrate the shells. However this time we went with the waiters suggestion... PACIFIC RIM sauce. OH SO YUMMY! that was so delicious... Highly recommend
4	My kind of food here - seafood steamed/boiled in spicy seasonings with an option for barbecue. This is one of those places where the bigger the group of people the better the value. You order by the pound, you share, and everyone gets messy together.I brought a friend from back East and we both grew up on seafood from the Chesapeake Bay. We were looking forward to blue crabs but they were out. From the remaining seafood choices - and we decided to stick with seafood instead of barbecue - we chose shrimp, crawfish, and king crab legs. Trifecta sauce, mild heat because our server, Dion, said that things run on the spicy side.So, it's entirely possible that ordering Alaskan King crab legs at the angry crabshack and barbecue is a bit of a reach. I didn't care because I have to try them, right?I wasn't disappointed in them, however, roasted and then split and served with drawn butter is just the best way to eat Alaskan King crab legs and now I know. Everything was delicious just the same and cooked just right. Nothin worse than rubbery overcooked skrimps and there was none of that here. I couldn't pass up the sausage four-piece and I'm glad that I tried it because it is excellent. For me it was the most memorable part of the entire meal and I will be going back soon for more. I've got to try the barbecue as well. Whoever runs the smoker seems to know what they're doing with wood and low heat.
4	I've been driving by the sign for this place for awhile now, to go to the grocery store nearby, and to my surprise I realized they were actually open last night.  I walked in and was in heaven!!!  Creole and BBQ!?  You have the ultimate combination here!  I only tried the brisket and 1lb of shrimp (trifecta started w/ the hot heat level and ended up ramping it up to 5, I'm a hot girl) and they were both really good!  I plan to make this my new Sunday-funday and MNF spot!  The drinks were good and so were their specials.  I almost don't want to tell you how good everything was from the food to the drinks to the service because it's going to become super crowded, but then again, I do want them to stick around, so check them out, you won't be disappointed, there's something for everyone!
4	I am not a Creole fan at all but this place is great. I did not order or eat in the boil that our larger group participated in. My friends said all the food was good. They had oysters, crab, and clams. I had a shrimp basket with Cajun fries and Cole Slaw. We also shared apps. I liked the Cajun Edamame, Who knew? The fried Calamari is very, very good here. I love their spices and seasonings. Be warned. I  tried level 4 at the Spice festival and I literally could not feel my face for an hour. Be careful. Level 2 seems best. I love their shrimp dipping sauce too. Just a note, I think they have the best Cole Slaw I have ever tasted. I know random, huh? I loved their Cajun fries.
5	Fabulous meal! Fabulous service! We enjoyed everything we ordered - oysters on the half shell, lobster, brisket and snow crab legs. The Clam Digger (Bloody Mary) was so good, we had to order more. Will definitely be back!
5	I would write something amazing but, I want to keep all of this fabulousness to myself!
4	Visited for dinner tonight.  After two co-workers raved about this place I needed to try it for myself.  Based on the recommendation from the waiter I opted for the shrimp with the trifecta sauce and mild heat.  It didn't disappoint.   My wife had Dungeness crab and my son opted for the ribs w/Mac N Cheese.  The crab and shrimp were boiled to perfection.  The ribs had an excellent smokey flavor and the Mac n Cheese was a special recipe on an old favorite.  With the exception of my son we opted for water and got a bill for $79.  Not bad for fresh seafood in the middle of the desert.This is CASUAL dining experience.  Expect to have a splattering of sauce, best case.  The wash basin nearby came in handy for clean-up.  Received excellent service from all staff.Angry Crab Shack is not some place I would go on a regular basis but it is nice change of pace.
4	We had dinner at the restaurant.  We ordered two pounds of shrimp and two pounds of crab legs.  We ordered 3 stars which were perfect . A lot of garlic and pepper sauce . The meal was messy but full of flavors and  steamy hot . The Cajon fries were great . We also had a fish poorboy. The cheesecake was nice and moist. Only issue the forgot our sweet potato fries and Cole slaw. Staff was attentive
5	If you don't care about getting dirty while you eat like a barbarian than this is the place for you. The seafood here is amazing! The Cajun sauces are hot and taste great! One of the best places for crab.
4	A great place to go if you are ready to dig in and get messy! Our group tried just about everything and the food quality was awesome, especially for the price. I would recommend the shrimp which are huge and super tasty. We also tried the BBQ side of things, which is pretty good, but I prefer the seafood. They also have a pretty good beer list and and TVs to watch sports. The only downside is that it's super messy and a lot of work so you tend to be focused on workin for your food instead of talking to your friends. But if you are up for it, it's great! I'm glad they moved into the neighborhood!
3	SLOW SERVERS!!!!! An hour to sit, order, eat and I still have not gotten my bill. But Awesome BBQ!  I ordered the gator nuggets, beef brisket smanich & crawfish.  All was cooked just right. Thirty heat rating I'd off a little. I got medium & my lips are burning. I generally eat lots of spicy food so I am not a amateur by any means. Seafood comes in bags & you get a bib to wear.   Seafood is very pricy..All by the pound. King crab was $24 a lb... way too expensive for me.
5	Love, Love LOVE this place!  We met friends there for the Cardinal vs Seahawks game for the first time and came back on Christmas eve!  The King Crab is amazing as well as the Lobster! The trifecta sauce really is good.  I went for the mild spice and it does have some kick.  Goes down great with a Four Peaks Kiltlifter.  This is 'get in and get messy' eating at it's finest!  They even gave their best shot at duplicating a Sugar Plum Martini for me!  A favorite place for sure!  The BBQ is great, too!  It can be as inexpensive as the BBQ or as spendy as the Lobster.
5	December 26, 2014 12:35 pm. Spacious parking lot in a strip mall anchored by a Sprouts store. We immediately got seated and we waited on by a pleasant gentleman, Ben. Their menu was simple enough. My advice for the uninitiated in this type of establishment is to start the least spicy the step up on subsequent visits. It's better to be able to be able to eat your food than completely waste it because it was burning your tongue to ashes. We also had tasted their Gator nuggets, it was our first time to ever devour a reptile, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The oysters were good as well. But our personal highlight was the soft-shelled crab. It was fried perfectly and was delicious. Highly recommended.
4	Love this place! The food was great. Customer service was superseded my expectations. I ordered the snow crab, sausage, corn on the Cobb, and red potatoes all of which was phenomenal. After demolishing my meal and drinking a Louisiana Sweet tea (made with deep eddy vodka) I am now ready for bed. I highly recommend this Angry Crab over Hot and juicy. Although hot and juicy has prime real estate on Mill ave, Angry crab has the better food, cocktails, and atmosphere.
5	In Arizona on a road trip we see this this place on yelp as hot and new and it is I live in San Diego and i know fresh seafood and for being in the desert it's pretty damn fresh it reminds me of boiling crab the only thing this place needs to do is allow you to order half and half instead of a full order of shrimp or whatever and maybe ditch the bbq menu I didn't try it but the seafood is enough to keep people coming back service was great and if I am ever in the area again I will be back
5	Fun atmosphere, great beer menu, and excellent food! Can't wait to go back! Phoenix needed a place like this!
4	This place is great. Would have been a 5 but they don't have key lime pie... shame on them. Highly recommend Monday's when they have the mixed bag! Just don't wear your best shirt as you'll probably wind up spilling something. Btw, Cassie is awesome!
2	Went to this place before Christmas and we ordered a couple lbs of shrimp and crawfish. We are a regular at their angry crab Mesa location and expect the same taste with the tri-fecta sauce, but it was disappointing to say the least, there wasn't enough garlic or any butter in the sauce, it tasted like water. It basically tasted like watered sauce steam shrimp. We asked the server how come it taste nothing like the taste we had at their Mesa location, they said maybe the cook kinda messed up the sauce recipe. I understand this location just opened and there are many things to work out but surely their trifecta (most popular) sauce need some serious work at this location. Friendly servers and the pacific rim sauce was good though.
5	Had to check out this new ACS and was not disappointed.    Food was just as good as the ACS Mesa location but this one has bbq!   Surf AND turf... oh, yeah!    Got the meat platter.  Pork ribs were my favorite.  Smoked to perfection and oh so tender.  Fell off the bone and right into my mouth.  Yum.   The dungeness crabs were a good 2+ lb. and enough share.   The king snow crab legs did not disappoint.   Cajun  fries cooked to perfection.     Service was slightly better at the original location but am sure ACS will work it out.   Can't wait to return!
5	Well... Came out with a giant smile. First timer and definitely coming back. Beware you might not want to bring your nicest clothes, it will get messy. To order you pick the seafood you want and order by the pound, then pick your sauce and how spicy you want it. I threw in sausage and corn for a small fee. We ordered snow crab, clams, mussels, and shrimp. And they all tasted fresh and very yummy. We also ordered rice and fries. The fries are very very good as well.If you're not into seafood they have bbq also, but I have yet to try it. The table next to us ordered bbq and it looked great!
4	This place was AWESOME!! Fed my family of 5 for about 80 dollars, and the kids had quite the expieriece! I suggest the trifecta sauce spicy level zero, because spicy level 2 made me sweat. You can draw on the walls and eat with your hands. It was delish!
