4	I love this place now that I have tried their Philly cheesesteak sandwich. Although a bit pricey even to my standards at Monte Carlo, it was even more expensive at Venetian. I just think it is because if you pay that much for cafeteria style sandwiches and food, it would be a sit down restaurant but I mostly have only seen these inside food courts in Vegas. It was definately worth the price when I ate that Philly cheesesteak. I coudn't even finish the whole thing. Though it isn't worth it at Venetian for the same thing, go to Monte Carlo to get your fix.
5	This Nathan's is in the Luxor Hotel's food court.  I'd heard of Nathan's, but had never been to one until Sunday night.  I know they're famous for their hot dogs, but decided to get the chicken club with fries.  T. got the same and the kids got-surprise-chicken strips.  The sandwiches were big and tasty.  The kids got 5 good sized strips.  They liked them very much.  The fries, oh my goodness!  They were so good!  They're thick and crinkled.  The people working there were very nice and effiecient.  A great choice when you've had enough of the Vegas buffets.
5	First stop when we arrived was Nathan's at Luxor. I finally got my own cheese steak (fully loaded with mushrooms, onions and peppers) with a side of those thick crinkle fries. The cheese steak and fries combo was $9.95 and didn't include a drink but the thing was huuuuuuuuuuuuge. I ate every single bit of my sandwich and fries in like 5 minutes. I even beat my fiance and finished before he did. We didn't even talk to each other while we ate. I don't even think I even came up for air. We even got a buy one get one free coupon for our next visit. You bet we were there again the day we left Vegas.
3	crinkle cut fries + melted cheddar cheese + fresh bacon = WHOA MY GOD. sides of wings, chicken tenders....wooooooooooo. the hotdogs look pretty cool too but i'm pretty tough on hotdogs since i can get me some dogs from Pink's. ah, great place for some late late night eats.
4	Yeah so I made a stop here to this Nathan's Famous on my trip as well. It was even pricier here than it is in New York but I was lucky enough to have some 99 cent coupons for  Hot Dog. Very awesome to get 2 dogs for 2 bucks plus tax.  I have not even had the Hot Dogs around here in a while so it was sweet to eat it out there in the west coast.
5	More like a 4.5 because this was my first nathans hot dog from a real nathans stand and it was so moist and juicy.  The bun was just ordinary but with that hot dog and all the condiments it was mmm mmm good! The crispy crinkle cut like fries were also very good and nicely seasoned.  It was a bit pricey for the meal but overall it was worth, plus its vegas so idk how much it cost elsewhere but good job!
4	Great hot dog..pretty pricey..but it's vegas. I'm a purest with mustard. Their fries were just okay- mine were a little soggy. yum.
4	I've had the hot dogs at the location inside the Venetian. Maaaan are they good! This time around, I had more of a craving for fries and chicken than a hot dog. Since it was located in the hotel I was staying at, I visited twice. I ordered the chicken tenders with fries the first time and  a regular sized bacon and cheese fries the second time. Everything was good, but  I couldn't get myself to finish at least half of it...both times! I think it's because their fries are cut pretty thick. They filled me up in no time flat. Next time I get something from here, I'll be sure to have someone to share it with. Except a hot dog. I'd like that for myself, please.
5	Had this while we stopped to eat at Fashion Show Mall. I had the Chili Cheese dog and the Cheese and Bacon fries. OMGOSH. The Cheese and Bacon fries were heavenly. They provided enough cheese to cover all the fries too! The Chili Cheese dog wasnt anything special or out of the ordinary but the fries, you have got to try!
5	Nathan's has the better hot dog in Vegas. It lived up to its billing for sure. The dog was fresh a had a nice crunch to it. Just plain with some mustard or ketchup and you're good to go. Get 2 if you're hungry. I noticed they had pizza and other items on the menu but I would recommend the hot dog if you're a first timer. I wasn't able to try the fries or other sides but they seemed pretty fresh. As with other Vegas food establishments, it wasn't cheap. However, the dogs were much better than Pink's in my opinion.
2	I think not.I am a huge fan of NF's, but this was just not up to par. $15.00 got me a really skinny hotdog with bacon and cheese, greasy and mushy fries and a flat diet coke. I was pretty drunk and it was still bad.
4	I never take a trip to Vegas without stopping by Nathan's. Sure there's a Pinks here in LA, but Nathan's dogs are surely the more flavorful of the two.  I've never had them in NYC, but love love love em in Vegas. They are pricey for hot dogs but just look in any little vegas coupon book or even on the tray liners in the food court itself for half off coupons. Fries are ok, seem very fatty to not be super bomb to me. A friend had the cheesesteak. Tasted hers and it was quite tasty. A solid choice for food stand grub in Vegas.
5	NOTHING chases away a Vegas morning hangover like their Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich.  It's a little pricey, but the sandwich is huge and comes with fries.  I can't leave Vegas without stopping here a least once.I've tried some of the other locations along the Strip, but the Luxor location is just better.  Oh yea, they also offer a pretty decent quick breakfast too.
3	My usually food choice inside MGM. I usually order the Philly Cheesesteak with fries, which are ginormous. I've also tried their cripsy chicken sandwhich which is pretty good as well.This place would be four stars but (much like every other restaurant in Vegas) the food is overpriced.
3	I thought i would grab a quick meal at lunch before i hit the Casino again. I order the Chili Cheese Dog with frieds and a soda. Again it's Vegas, $12.50  please! oh well,  just keep quite and go eat your lunch. If you want better, I guess you can try the $38 Buffet....
4	The first time I had Nathan's was about two years ago because we got a free pizza or hot dog with the purchase of a drink. (weird right?!) Normally you get a free drink if you buy a hot dog! Anyways, once we got rung up we figured out why.. a soda was more than $3!? WTF! Oh well, the food was too good to complain.Swung by for a delicious, artery-clogging lunch on my most recent Vegas trip. There is a Nathan's on the casino level but we went up to the sit-in restaurant on the 2nd floor (sort of close to the roller coaster). The food was just as good as I remembered.. their hot dogs are YUMMY. And some could argue pizza is just pizza, but for some reason their pizza is so good that it made my mouth water. I also ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich and upgraded the fries to bacon cheese fries for about $14 total. Kind of expensive, but dang that philly cheese steak was better than the one I ate in philly! Filled with meat, oozing with cheese and onions/peppers... pretty legit! I would skip the bacon cheese fries... I didn't like their fries because they are the crinkled kind.
4	I remember when I tasted my first Nathan's hot dog. It was at the original Nathan's at Coney Island in NY. I immediately declared it the best hot dog ever.  So, of course, I find myself somewhat regularly snacking at the faux Nathan's in the faux NY-NY.Now, the hot dogs here may in fact taste the exact same as any of the real NY locations, but to me, they just don't. I have to deduct a star because this Nathan's just doesn't capture that special Nathan's quality.But, regardless, these are some excellent hot dogs. Go for the chili cheese dog. And try to imagine eating it standing up on a boardwalk with a light salt air breeze blowing by. No really, that does make it taste better.
1	$4.95 for more hotdog bun than actual hotdog? I don't think so. I was still hungry after we left here and it wasn't even that good! My boyfriend and I had finished our 'food' by the time the other couple we were here with got their food. I'd rather go to Costco and get four of their huge hotdogs for the price of this one gross one.
1	I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with crinkle-cut fries for $10 (@ the Luxor)!! The thinly sliced rib-eye  was tender but flavorless (had to sprinkle a packet of salt and pepper on top). There was also stringy grilled onions with sliced jalapenos and mushrooms, as well as melted White-American cheese within the long roll.Totally not worth $10, and if you want a soda, it will cost you $3!!! Why can't they just include the drink to make it as a combo? (Annoying!) Since the meat had no depth to it, i give it a two thumbs down for this Philly Cheesesteak.Definitely, not coming back.**Was thinking of giving this place 2 stars, but since it was a half-ass combo (Philly Cheesesteak+ fries), that does not come with a DRINK!!!!, I have no choice but to bump it down to 1 star! Who wouldn't need a drink after eating this meal? Nathan, you are crazy..
3	My friend wanted to try this place so we did.The hot dog is so average.Pinks hot dog is WAAAAAYYYYY BETTERRRRR!!!
1	This place was terrible.  I hoped it would be a step up from McDonalds. Big mistake. The food was barely edible. $10 for chicken fingers and fries. The chicken fingers were overcooked. Bbq sauce was bad. Fries were both burned and soggy. Customer service was abysmal. Stay away.
5	This is my first stop every time I go to Vegas. These are the best hot dogs ever. The price is quite high for the amount of food, but it is so very worth it. 2 dogs and a chili cheese fry is $11.84 and is the best way to go.
3	We were heading back to our hotel after watching The Lion King and we were both starving.  I wanted Pink's because I was craving a hot dog but we weren't sure if it was open and we didn't want to walk all the way over there just to find out it was closed.  So as we walked through NY NY we seen Nathan's and just had to stop.  Ordered the two hot dogs and fries meal, I think it was around $8, I added cheese on mine and boyfriend left his plan.  We got the crinkle-cut fries with the meal and they were good, nothing special but good. I thought the hot dog was just good too, nothing special but if you're starving and somewhat buzzed it does the job.I guess after having Pink's nothing else compares but if you're in need of something quick stop by Nathan's.
3	The service here was terrible. Standing in front of a cashier who was counting money for about 10 minutes. While she was doing that the cashier next to her kept looking at me then called out people behind me to take their order. After that other cashier takes those guy's order I stand in her line and wait another 10 minutes. I wish I took her name down so I could put it on blast.I ordered what they were known for. The hot dog. I had it with mustard. Nothing special. Great snap to the hot dog and great flavor. I should have just eaten here than at the Luxor buffet.
4	It was the first dinner of my LoveBoat reunion in Vegas. We decided to grab something quick to eat before getting ready to go out. One of my friends is from New Jersey, and she pointed out Nathan's. Everyone else being from Cali was like.. what is that? and she said, WHAT?! YOU DONT KNOW WHAT NATHANS IS?!We proceeded to order a large chili cheese with bacon (so fatty, so good). All of us ordered a hot dog (their "famous" one), and added grilled onions to it. Pretty good, but definitely pricey which was expected since we were in Vegas.I'm not sure if I would ever go back to Nathan's when I'm in Vegas. It's good, but not really worth the trip into underground Bally's.
5	Omg, wish I could remember what we ordered from here. Only found a wrapper in our room trash can the next morn. Supposedly Faye M ate here after a drunk night at LAX. Lol. Found the hotdog wrapper and no food so 5 stars because she ate it all :) good times.Visited Aug 2011
5	Not the cheapest place, but it beats a $30 buffet, and it's cheap in terms of Vegas food, in my opinion. I usually eat here once when I go to Vegas. It's a good, quick, and reliable place to eat. It is not in the middle of the casino so it's not too loud, but it's not quiet. The food is good if you like this kind of thing. This is the only place I've had Nathan's but it was great. I enjoy the food court seating area as well. The mini corn dogs are great.
1	Poor quality. Bread was dry and hotdog tasted like it had a plastic coating. Way overpriced and over rated.
4	Stopped for a quick lunch and what can you say. A couple of classic Nathan's hot dogs that go snap when you bite them, fries, and a soda are hard to beat for a fast food meal. Especially for a hot dog lover like me.
3	Do not come here late at night as the wait is ridiculous! You can't blame them though as everyone is hungry and everyone wants to eat cheaply. With the exception of McDonalds, this is about as cheap as you are going to eat late at night unless you go off strip to a late night buffet or one of those $6.95 late night meals. All in all, the hot dogs and fries are great as well as the philly cheesesteak. They do make everything to order so you know you are getting fresh food. The prices are not that bad but again, it is in a hotel in Vegas. What more can you expect?
1	Went based on name recognition and I don't think I could be more disappointed. The menu board said you could get relish, onions, and/or kraut, but when the bored-looking girl asked if I wanted onions or relish and I said yes and sauerkraut, I got a snippy "we don't have kraut." Not "we're out," "don't have." Mustard dispensers were empty and it was gross to see the alternating use of the coaster-buzzing-device by the ungloved lady dealing with customers and gloved kitchen staff.
1	Strike 1: At the Luxor food court, I decided to get the Philly cheese steak with fries for $10. The fries were good but the meat on the Philly was old and grey and I only ate half the sandwich. I felt like crap for the rest of the night. Strike 2: Nathan's 2 hot dog meal sounded the best and there was a small line and for $9 it sounded ok. Hot dog tasted kinda off but I was hungry and finished the meal. At 2am I woke up and barely made it the the bathroom before a dos hot dog meal violently launched out of my face hole and into the toilet. I won't be back for strike 3.
3	Came here to eat on my lunch break, very delicious sandwich just way overpriced. Other than it was good!
3	Since moving to Vegas and giving up my grill I haven't had a good hotdog.  I'd like to say my trip to this Nathans satisfied that urge but I'm still searching for that one OMG hotdog.  It wasn't bad but my taste buds wanted soo much more.  (I eventually found a great hotdog off of a food truck see my other reviews for that one) I ordered a plain hot dog; a chili cheese dog and a side of fires; the dogs were ok, decent flavor and the buns weren't overwhelming (important things in building a great dog). On the Chili one it was a mild Chili but the richness of the beef mixed well flavor of the dog. The fries were weak/soggy but I knocked some of my chili onto them; ate them with a fork and enjoyed them all the same.  I didn't pay that meal as my buddy picked up the tab but I thought it seemed a little excessive for three hotdogs two drinks and an order of fries.  I'm assuming it was high due to the location and overhead cost but as long as you aren't pinching pennies this is a good spot to stop in for a meal on the go.
4	Located along the walkway to the monorail at Bally's. They have a nice breakfast special that is a bunch of food for only $8.95, so if your hungry then this is the place for you. Of course they also have hot dogs too but I ate none of that.I stopped here to get my salads to go. I loved that they were always made fresh for me. I was also able to get my croutons on the side. I hate soggy croutons on a salad. It was also only $3 bucks to add grilled chicken, which is not a bad deal. They even put that on the side per my request. I don't like wilting lettuce from hot items. I am really high maientence when it comes to my salads luckily there dressing came in tiny containers or we would have had another request.Quality of items were good and I was happy and my heart was happy with the healthy options. There can sometimes be a line here especially around lunch time. They give out pagers so you can grab a table or just get out of the way and wait until your food is ready. The Bally's Sportsbook is over here, so you can watch a little sports while your food is being prepared but don't try to eat it there or you will get yelled at. It hasn't happened to me but I've seen others get yelled at.You have been warned!!!
2	I honestly don't know why Nathan's got famous...I know it's convenient to just go from the casino straight to food court; however, there's many other places that are better and worth your money if you venture out of MGM and go somewhere else. I got the 2 hot dog + fries with a lemonade, and it cost me $15. There wasn't anything special to the meal (not sure if I should be expecting that out of a food court). Hot dogs weren't that good. The actual sausage is a long needle than a nice plump one. I understand why the eating contests like these hot dogs since there just isn't alot of meat. When I picked up the hot dog, the bread wouldn't stay together either. Nothing special about the lemonade. I tried you Nathan's. Meh I've experienced better.
1	I was standing in front of the counter waiting. Another customer comes to the left of me and immediately gets his order taken.  The girl then puts up a sign to the left saying"order here".  She could have just told me to move 3 feet to the left instead of ignoring me.  I left  and went to the place to the left and got my breakfast sandwich there.  She clearly saw me there before the other customer came over.
4	When you are hungry at an airport - I find myself looking at the lines. Instead of going to the popular perhaps best place - I find myself going to the place with the shortest line and most of the time it isn't because they are the quickest servers.However, this place was actually different. It had a short line - it was quick on service and the food was exceptionally good for what it was. I wouldn't want to live off the food, but those fries - how do they do that - they were GREAT!The value wasn't there though - and that's the problem with some of these food places at the airport. It isn't a 5 star restaurant, but they charge as if they were and that's a big turn off. However, if you are hungry and want something good and fast - check this place out for sure!
3	24 hours! Service was horrible but whaddaya expect at 2am? I can't believe all the years living on the east coast, I never tried a Nathan's hot dog.  It's like never trying a McDonalds quarter pounder until you are in your 30s - it's THAT stupid, but I digress.  I was pleasantly surprised by how yummy this hot dog was, and this is coming from a hot dog antagonist.Location: inside Luxor, on the 2nd floor, to the left of McDonalds
1	It was one of the most dry, tasteless philly cheese steaks i've had the misfortune of eating. Wow... how hard is it to add some freaking salt and pepper on the meat. Not that it would have helped much. Oh the meat had a freezer burnt taste. Save your $14
3	Skinny lil hotdog, big bun, decent amount of toppings.  Best way to describe this.  IMO I think it's better on Coney Island NYC.
3	Good cheap lunch after a long poker tournament. $10 bucks for a chili cheese dog, fries and a coke. Adequate, not something you can get everywhere and didn't feel price gouged.
2	Ate here for lunch, and ordered the Krispy Chicken Sandwich and Fries. The sandwich was bland, but the sauce they use is pretty good. Everything else in the sandwich didn't have much flavor in my opinion. The fries were pretty good though! The service was good, and they got out order right! Wait time before we got our food was about 10-15 minutes, which was fine considering it was about 12:30 pm on a Saturday.  Will probably not eat here again.
4	Haven't been to any Nathan's (probably about 25 years). Pleasantly surprised that after all of these years they have healthified their choices (they now have grilled chicken & salads for example! And their Crinkle Cut French Fries have remained with their spectacular texture & taste!Great experience - food was fresh & tasty, service was great also though it was 9:50PM.
5	Footlong hot dog with large crinkle cut fries. Expensive but delicious. Nothing fancy.  Great service.
3	If you're looking for something not fried in the Luxor food court this might be your choice. Order in and out by 15minutes with several people in front, not too bad for a freshly grilled chicken on a Cesear salad. Other than the big portion, it is nothing extraordinary. Lettuce was cut evenly, dressing was on the short side. All in all nothing too fancy, just a regular chicken Cesear salad, I'd call this a safe pick.
3	Ehhhh Nathan's hotdogs taste better from the package made yourself. Love them that way but not at all impressive at the actual Nathan's. Have had the chili cheese foot long and plain with sauerkraut and other fixtures. Also had the crinkle fries with bacon and cheddar..... again not great. I wouldn't say I love it or hate it. They have other things but I would not be too quick to try it again unless it was what was available!
4	Nathan's at the Luxor is a place where you can get breakfast, lunch and dinner. Their sausage and biscuits for breakfast are very very good. It's a quick meal and not very expensive.For lunch or dinner the hot dog with bacon and cheese is always a great choice. It is served with french fries that are pretty tasty.The salads are huge and you can share.  They taste very good as well.There is a little bit of a wait sometimes because they are so busy.
3	Its average, there is a lot more restaurants with better philly cheese steak, staff are ok, price is not cheep compared to what you eat. on other hand, it didn't take long to get my order ready.
5	Great breakfast without spending a fortune. A family of  four was $40 and we all walked away happy. The pancakes, waffles, eggs and bacon were all tasty and cooked to perfection. Surprisingly good breakfast for a place famous for hot dogs
1	I was so excited to see a Nathan's Hot Dog!  Yet I was so disappointed to in my hard bun and hot dog that was less than fresh.Just take a peek at your product if you are taking it to go, so you're not disappointed.
1	Waited over 20 minutes after ordering. Had to pester the girl at the pickup counter several times before she looked at my ticket and gave me a stale sandwich that had been sitting out for 10 minutes. No apology for screwing up the order. I was so hungry that I ate most of the sandwich before realizing it wasn't the sandwich I ordered and had mushrooms on it. I recommend avoiding this place if you have food allergies or have less than 45 min to order and eat.
1	The food was good but the absolutely RUDE service ruined the experience. After all the people behind me in line had already received their food, I asked the cashier if mine was almost ready. They forgot! So after waiting 15-20 for my food, I complained and the employee couldn't care less. She actually argued with me and said that's the normal wait time. Worst guest service ever!
2	Nathan's famous my ###!The chili dog tasted like you can make one from scratching using canned food and microwaveables.  Same goes for the fries.  The fries sucked.  Cheap friends they were...If you and friends want to order from this place, split the orders and wait for your order to be paid for and done with, one at a time.  There are coupons on the tray that you can apply to each order after the first order.  Save some while in Vegas!
2	This Nathan's was located inside of the food court at the Luxor. First off, the food court area looks outdated and feels like you're in old Las Vegas. There wasn't many food places to choose from, but I wanted to get Nathan's since they don't have this in San Diego. I was really craving a corn dog from here but found out that they didn't serve corn dogs at this location. The worker informed me that the menu's at each locations vary. That wasn't good to hear since I was really craving a corn dog from Nathan's. Everything on the menu was pretty pricey. I ended up ordering chili cheese fries and a soda and I think it came out to a little over $10. The fries were okay. Nothing great about it. I should've just gotten food some place else since I probably would've gotten more for my money.This place would be okay if you wanted Nathan's and were in the area. But I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon.
4	We ate this right after a 6 hour flight from Fl, we were staying at the Luxor & were dying for something to eat so we ordered foot long hotdogs. It was hot and fresh & we had no complains. Though my boyfriend said it wasn't anything to special. French fire were super yummy though!
