5	Great location right in Boca Park next to Kona Grill.  Staff is great.  They seem experienced considering they just opened this week.  Food is delicious.  The bartender had everyone's glasses full and nobody waited for drinks even though the bar was jam packed.  The atmosphere is spectacular with a water fountain right outside the front.  There are also a few video poker machines at the bar if you want to try your luck.  Clientele looked pretty sophisticated.  Women were attractive and nicely dressed.  If you're looking for a PT's type of environment, this is not it.  The owners were also walking around all night making sure everybody was having a pleasant experience.  Waiters, busboys, hostesses, owners, everybody made sure we were doing ok.  We were never ignored.  It's going to be a great place.
5	I work here so I might be a bit biased, but the food is great, all made from scratch! The drinks are also great, a scratch bar and really good beer selection! Ask for Jessi when you come in, I will take great care of you!
5	Been using Yelp for quite a bit to track down local spots, but finally the time has come to throw out some reviews!  Embers is the perfect venue for numero uno, as it, after numerous visits, has proven to be a great addition to the Boca scene.Situated smack-dab in the middle of Boca Park, you'll get to enjoy great people watching with the large open-aired patio setup. Fortunately, the nice aroma from the kitchen overpowers the Summerlin pretentiousness that wafts in from the EdHardy'ers walking around outside. A fountain just outside the door provides a nice touch in tandem with the tunes inside. Cocktail-wise:The bar manager, Howard, has been an industry bud of mine for over 5 years; and he truly put his heart & soul into the cocktail menu. You'll find fresh, handcrafted, innovative takes on classics such as the BloodyMary, Mojito, Caiprinhia, & Sangria- and although they take a bit longer to prepare; you'll understand why when they arrive. The area has been in need of a reasonably priced craft cocktail joint for sometime, and this fits the bill.  Brew-wise:Although their selection isn't exactly eclectic, you get quality draft choices in Firestone IPA, BlackButtePorter, Hoegaarden, & Stella. Not the best craft beer selection by any means, but much, much better than most standard restaurant draft systems. It is more of a cocktail joint, though, so props for having something for the beer geeks.Grub-wise: I've had the New York Strip, The Tri-Tip AusJus, the Bacon-Cheddar Burger, & several other items without disappointment. I know beverages better than culinary though, so you be the judge!Pricing/Value:Entrees come with two sides, which like another Yelper mentioned, is much nicer than getting dinged with the a'la'carte pricing you see at most nicer places. Speaking of pricing: Very fair- for a somewhat affluent joint in a high-rent area, you get good value for your buck in my opinion.   Service:They're running a tight-ship over there and I've had several great encounters with staff ranging from the hostess and barkeeps/servers through the FOH management, Chefs & Sous Chefs. It appears they've trimmed the fat from the training period and settled on a good crew. I look forward to continually supporting a local mom&pop, non-chain operation in an area surrounded by the likes of Cheesecake, GBiersch, & Kona. You should too!
5	Came in for a second time.  First time I had a fabulous fillet Mignon.  I had a taste of my mate's creamed corn.  I would have never cooked it or eaten it but this was the bomb!  I believe they said it was cut off the cob, a hint of spice-jalapeno? Yum!!  This time I went with my young adult boys.  I wanted a great burger and did I get one.  Very large, 1/2 lb I think.  Cooked perfectly to medium, like I like it, with Swiss and fresh grilled mushrooms.  A great soft bun and steak fries!  Yeah!!  I ate only half of it as I saved room for the cheesecake.  Carnegie I believe-flown in from New York, berries and whipped cream.  I met up with a doctor coworker who said this was his 3rd time here and plans to make it one of his regular places to eat.  Staff was great.  Hostess, server and busser were all attentive.  The owner stopped by to say hello too.  Great sound system was playing classic rock last night and I could still talk to my boys.  I might have to head back for Monday night football and try one of those special drinks others are writing about.  I like this place, feels real comfortable.
1	Worst meal I've had in a long time.Music was lame and loud.Host was not pleasant.  Place was empty.  bread was stale.  Salad was cheap-banquet bad.  Steak was burnt on the outside and raw on the inside.  Seabass was way overcooked (hard to do with such a fatty fish).Weird menu.  Seabass with a few black beans and a couple kernels of corn sprinkled on top?  No, thanks.The corn on the cob was ice cold.Blecch.
5	I have eaten here three times now and have had 3 different meals each time with them all being fantastic. I had their classic cheeseburger which was grilled to perfection. The next time i had their fillet minion which was also perfectly cooked, i enjoy mine to be medium rare.  The last dish i had was a NY Steak which was also perfect.  Both my steaks came with two sides which is great for the price. Their sweet potatoes are fantastic, baked potato is great, and the creamed corn is also good.  Not to mention the great staff that kept my drink filled and was always by my side without getting annoying.  The owner also walked around and talked to us which is quite warming. Most owners could care less about their customers so i thought that was great. Overall the restaurant is great, it will definitely be a regular spot for me.
5	Embers will be the next big hit in Boca Park. When you go there, you have to get the creamed corn. I know0how can you rave about corn? It is so fresh, and clean-you'll be talking about it tomorrow for sure. The wine list is ok, the prices are right. In fact, the entire menu is priced right. It won't break your bank to have a high quality experience. That's pretty rare today
5	As I sit here and write this review, I have just had one of the best happy hour drink / meal combos in Boca Park in a while...The portion sizes of regular as well as happy hour items are large and just right. The taste, presentation and sides are just rout as well.This all coming from a restaurant manager of 10+ years...Good job Embers... Bartender Manos was knowledgeable, fast and makes an awesome Mojito.. P.S. my girl and I are Kona regulars and we both agreed that this place Hits The Spot....
5	Ridiculously tasty all the way around.. i feel for the bartenders because some of the signature cocktails look pretty painstaking, especially the mojitos, which they took the plunge and put on happy hour. Did the ginger one, epic, original flavor. I normally am not fond of eggplant, but the eggplant mozzarella melt is similar to a caprese on a crostini, hardly any of the funky eggplant taste. Artichoke crab dip is pretty much the same anywhere i go. But where they took home the gold for me was the cajun chicken sandwich w the side salad. Chicken was beyond tender, and incredibly juicy throughout.Signin up for this allegedly ridonkulous creamed corn next round.. so full.
4	Ohhhh, I'm excited about this place.  It has 5-star potential, but not quite there for me yet.First of all, can I get a, "Hallelujah!" for a place that serves up a nice classic cocktail on the Westside!!  As much as I love going downtown and to the Strip to get my fancy drink on, sometimes I wish those places were closer to home.  Embers has a top notch drink menu and is a hop, skip, and jump away from my house!  Excited!Second, I like the people who work here.  Howard the bartender is super eager to please and tell you about his drinks.  The owner (Tony I think was his name?) was really friendly and talkative as we sat at the bar.  Our waitress was super cute and made me laugh.  Excited!!Third, the menu is heavy on tri tip, which my Santa Maria born husband was stoked about.  He loves him some tri tip.  Excited!!!The thing holding me back...the quality of the food.  I've had the BBQ tri tip sandwich and fries, French Onion soup, cobb salad, and chicken tenders here so far.  Everything has so much potential, but falls just short and is underwhelming.  I don't know what it is, but the food needs a little kick in the pants.Definitely going to become one of my haunts, though, for drinking and hanging out with cool bartenders.
4	The place for innovative and exceptional cocktails!  The food is solid.  Enjoyed the Shrimp, Sliders, and Steaks.  The bar menu is wonderfully insane however!  Great beer on tap, wine list with the classics plus several out-of-the-ordinary gems.  The true star though is the cocktail menu!  You won't be disappointed here!
1	i was enjoying my date and the food and felt as though i had just found a great little hidaway place to bring others and then at the end of the meal a roach skeetered out across the table. pointed it out to the manager and he was able to collect it,but now i can never go back.payed the $50 tab and did give the waitress the deserved 20% and left
3	3.5 starsI've been wanting to try this place since it opened, and since the bar at GB was full on Saturday night, we decided to give it a try.  The atmosphere is great. It is very upscale and swanky (minus the annoying video poker - which I understand is inevitable in Vegas.) The only reason I'm not giving this place a higher rating is because it was surprisingly expensive (mainly for wine) $9 for a glass of house cab is a little extreme. (Especially when they have a 1/2 carafe next door at Grimaldi's for $9.) Don't get me wrong, I know wine fairly well and am willing to pay a relatively high price for good wine. However, sometimes I just want some decent, reasonably priced wine on a Saturday night! My boyfriend's 12 oz beer was $5.50 which is slightly more reasonable. We got the chicken tenders as an appetizer and they were quite tasty. Overall I really liked this place, but  I wish the drinks were a little more affordable. $50+ for 4 drinks and an app is rather steep. We will be back, but only for happy hour (which is strangely only Mon-Thurs.)
3	I've only had this place for lunch.. and my experience was pretty great overall. I like that the walls open up to create pseudo-indoor patio dining, and the menu was reasonably priced for lunch. My tri-tip steak salad was tasty and had LOTS of tri-tip. That being said, the tri-tip itself was dry. The brie and avocado appetizer was weird, but tasty. Service was kind of slow, and the hostess was downright rude. I'd try them again, but for now I can't give more than 3 stars...
3	I tried Embers for Happy Hour with two friends.    I'd go back but my experience this night was average for one reason: No spicy mustard.  How can any place do burgers (and Embers has many on menu) with only yellow mustard?  I was scandalized and disappointed.    No dijon? No deli mustard? Not even honey mustard?  I did love our server and enjoyed the sides. My burger was good-  reasonably priced. My tablemates loved their wine and meals.  But the mustard thing was a downer for me.    I hear they have a great weeknight happy hour and dinner is great. I'll go back - but I'd bring my own mustard.
5	Awesome service, nice atmosphere with great music, good NY Strip steak at great value with the fact two sides are included in the price, about half the price of other steak houses!  Great wine, cocktail and beer list!Wayne Gorsek
3	Good food, service kinda sucked. Starting with the bad stuff. Our waitress was decent but wasn't fantastic. Usually I would not care but... Okay so it was my bfs birthday and since there wasn't a way I could secretly tell our waitress, I wrote it on our ticket when she gave us the check. She then comes  over and asks "how old are you turning" and then just said happy birthday. The reason why I found this really bizarre was because most places gives you free dessert or have the staff come sing happy birthday , even like apple bees or olive garden does. So considering that this place is suppose to be a nicer restaurant,  that was really disappointing, even my Bf was surprised. On any other day it would be fine but since it was a special occasion I think they could've acknowledged it a bit more.Onto the . He had the 18oz tbone steak which was really good and juicy. He liked it a lot. I had the teriyaki salmon which was pretty good too.I probably would've liked it better if there was a side of the sauce to dip the salmon into. We both had Mac n cheese as a side. I did like it but it was pretty cheesy and I'm not that crazy about a lot of cheese. I also had mashed potatoes and it was good but different
1	I was looking forward to eating here, since i live nearby, but i was greatly disappointed. First off the service was mediocre, seems like we were not important enough to wait on. The soup was sooo salty it tasted like it came out of a can. They did get the steak right but i didn't appreciate the thyme garnish on top. Our mash potatoes needed salt, and they should state on the menu that it has rosemary in it.If that wasn't bad enough, i ordered sauteed asparagus, for $7 only got 6 small pcs and they were raw. We thought maybe dessert would make us feel better, but they don't have a menu. The server had to verbally tell us, and she did not make sound appetizing. All in allIt was the worst $85 i spent, save your money and go to outback steakhouse instead.
2	We've been here three times. I had sliders twice and a steak once. The slider are ok but nothing to write home about. The big disappointment was the steak. It was cooked fine an the quality of meat was ok, but the cooking method could use work. Traditionally, a steak is seared on both aides to give it a crust and then finished to desired temperature in the oven. It tasted like this one was done in the oven the entire time so it ha no crisp crust. Just a warm mush.The drink menu is very large and creative. However, they're very inconsistent with how drinks are made. Ive had the same drink all three times and it changes significantly each time.This place is also a little pricey if you order anything but finger foods. A steak. Overall, with more consistency and quality control this could be a really good place. As it stands now, we'd rather eat at another close by restaurant with a wait than be seated at this place immediately.
1	First, the with positives.  Service was fine.  Server was pleasant, attentive and offered to resolve the issues associated with the food.  Creamed Corn was good with fresh corn and good blend of peppers and spice.  It was a tad cornstarchy though.  Place was pretty full for reasons I will never understand.Then, came the food.  I root for restaurants.  I really do.  Especially when someone opens a new restaurant close to my house, I especially want it to be good.  When we heard that Chef Bret from Becker's was behind the stoves, we were especially optimistic having been to Becker's dozens of times as a Westside alternative to DelFrisco's, N9ne, Ruth's Chris, or Prime.  So we tried Embers a couple weeks after they opened and ordered a myriad of menu selections only to have various combinations of Sysco lettuce and vegetables show up with stale bread and temperatures all over the board.  We chalked it up to opening jitters.  Tonight, we elected to go back because we heard that they had revamped the menu and the food.  Oh my god.  We ordered the Eggplant and fresh mozzerella melt ($8.00)  for an appetizer.  It arrived promptly and was a crusty dry tasteless piece of toast with an ultra-thin tasteless sliver of what appeared to be eggplant under a half-dollar piece of lukewarm cheap mozzerella.  It was served on a bed of Sysco generic mixed greens with generic diced tomatoes.  It was drizzled with a balsamic vinegar reduction which was barely noticable but it was the highlight of the awful awful tasteless dish.The Mrs. ordered the chicken cobb salad ($12.00) and I ordered the 12 oz., New York. ($32.00)    The chicken cobb was a serving plate of iceberg lettuce that looked like they just dumped a bag of iceberg lettuce from Von's onto a plate complete with some of the core.  The chicken on it was moist but it was unable to save the salad.Then came the 12 oz. New York.  I have eaten probably 50 steaks at restaurants in the past year, some of which at restaurants I would never bring a date.  Some of them at bars and truck-stoppy places where you have no business ordering a steak.    This was the worst steak I have had in several years.  It was ordered medium rare.  It came as a grey slab of meat with a couple of criss-cross marks in it which looked like they were colored on it.  I gave it a try to see perhaps if the taste was better than the microwave looking grey slab of putrid looking garbage that was staring at me from the plate.  It was as gross as it looked.  I thought it had to be a mistake, because I could not imagine that Applebee's or Chili's or Outback puts out anything quite as awful as this mess.I asked the server whether all the steaks look like this, and whether they are cooked like this.  She replied that she would be happy to take it to the back and char it more for me.  I passed as that would just mean that they would cook it way past medium rare as I ordered it and they would end up giving me a medium well steak which would be as bad as the thing on the plate.  I tried to stomach a couple of bites, and the steak, rather than a meaty salty piece of steak, tasted like lemon.  I don't get it.Then some sort of manager type guy came up and stated that the steak was cooked over redwood in a broiler of something.  He further stated that told the chef that they were, from now on, going to char their steaks more.  Thanks.  That made me feel a lot better that I, after 9 months of being open, told them that they were cooking steaks that looked like they were microwaved.  They charged me for everything even though we only ate 1/2 of the eggplant garbage and half the "steak".  I'm not looking for a free dinner.  In fact, if I was given a $1000.00 gift certificate to Embers, I would sell it for $200.00 and take the cash to any other restaurant in Boca Park area including, Flemming's, Roy's, Cheesecake Factory, Kona Grill, Applebees, Three Angry Wives, or Roberto's at Fabulous Freddy's Car Wash across the street.
4	Hubby took me here last night as a late V-day gift...The atmosphere was really nice. Very romantic. Our waitress was outstanding! The food was also good. I had the bbq steak, baked potato & green beans w/ a Sagria on the side. Kinda pricy and I flt like I could have the smae meal at BJs for less but I'm a fan. Would definetly go back (around a payday)!!!
4	Very friendly staff and good atmosphere. Food was prepared well and the specialty drink menu was a nice change of pace.
3	Great location in Boca Park, I made a reservation by phone and received a nice welcome from super friendly server. We are seated in the back in one of the booths, so far so good. Stella Artois on draft, it's getting better and better!Menu: do you like barbecue? You'll love this place. One problem. We don't. If you don't want meat marinated in barbecue sauce and then served with barbecue sauce you have little choice. Burgers, a couple of fish dishes or a small selection of steaks.I took a New York Strip, 16oz very tender but blah...plain. It was ok but dull. Sides were good, sweet potato mash & mushrooms.Not much for kids, we ended up ordering sides of steak fries and mac'n'cheese. Ok but ended up buying 4 sides at about $8 each. Too much for kids junk food. Lovely place, great service but for me , the menu is too limited.
5	Embers has always been a favorite stop of mine, not only for the great selection of wines, dishes and desserts, but now that they have added a new, young and extremely talented and innovative chef, the restaurant has kicked it up a few notches!  From fantastic and unique appetizers to mouth watering fish, chicken and beef entrees to the delectible desserts, Embers has it all!  The ambiance and the wait staff complete the excellent experiences I have each and every time I visit.  Anyone looking for a "strip" restaurant experience without the prices, or dealing with the strip itself, this is the spot to be at!  You will be delighted with the atmosphere, the service, and the value for the price that you receive at Embers.
5	My bf and I go here every so often.  The first time we tried it, we said we were coming back! The tri tip sliders are awesome!!! We just went today and we happen to get there during happy hour. Happy hour menu is great! $3 beers.  $6 select menu items- maybe select but a good selection! The ppl there are very nice.
2	Way too much money for low quality pieces of meat. Under-seasoned and boring.Cooked perfectly, sides were fine, good variety on the menu, but for a place with "Grill" in the name the quality of the meat is seriously lacking.Meat is also corn-fed, not grass-fed.
4	My husband and I went here for the first time recently because our friend Aaron just got the job as executive chef. I can't comment on how the food was before hand but let me tell you, the food was fantastic. My husband had the scallops and I had the salmon. Both were superb.The only complaint I would have is our drinks took forever! The bartender was chatting it up with someone and didn't pay attention that our drink order was waiting. That was a bit irritating because while you are waiting on food a nice cocktail always kills time. All in all it was good. The waiter was super nice and attentive. Will definitely return.
5	My wife and i went there tonight for the first time. We were tired of nearby kona grill, gordon beirsch etc. we ordered off the small plates  happy hour menu. Ordered 5 items. All 5 were outstanding! We had the skewered chicken,  seasoned fries,  breaded artichokes, bacon wrapped figs and sliders.  All priced right. The service was excellent and our table was outside near the fountain. Will definitely return.
5	Embers in Boca Park(Revision, June 2012)After two more happy hours and a nice dinner there with different groups of friends, I'd like to add to my previous review:1. Glad to see that its happy hours are now 4-7 (instead of 5-7); 10-closing; and the patio is opened up for seating earlier now, too!- This patio by the beautiful fountain is the most attractive setting for happy hour and dinner! We love it!- 5 STARS  for HH.2. Its dinner menu offers quite large selections. The one time we had dinner, we had grilled seabass; grilled salmon; seared scallops (special that evening); all delicious!   The price is comparable to that of Roy's.The serving staff was all friendly and efficient. We really enjoyed ourselves there.- 4 STARS  for dinner.Peterskis, June 2012--/-/-/--PREVIOUS REVIEWEmber Bar and Grill, Boca ParkIt is another great sports Bar for Happy Hour with great valued drinks and barfood in a comfortable ambience!- It has a very inviting patio seating area right next to the beautiful water fountain; a spacious, comfortable bar counter; good selections of tasty goodies on the happy hour menu, not to mention its friendly, attractive, attentive serving staff and barkeep! The bar counter space is so wide/deep, it's comfortable to eat dinner there!I went there three times with different friends for Happy Hours, and we all enjoyed ourselves there every time. We love their delicious garlic hummas with pita ($5), sliders (tritip or BBQ; $6 each; 2 per order), Chicken Skewers ($6, 2/order). They have expanded their small plate menu for HH as well. Their relatively mellow, dark beer from Oregon ($3) is my favorite among other selections. Wine is $4 per glass, not bad! Yes, Ember has now become another local favorit of mine for Happy Hours!- Watch out, Gordon Biersch and Kona Grill!Peterskis
4	This is a nice alternative to Kona for Happy Hour.  The menu is not too extensive but what they do offer is delicious.  They have recently expanded the patio and they offer Happy Hour on Fridays now, which wasn't always the case, and all days on Sundays! My faves are the bacon wrapped dates, sliders, hummus and the red sangria.
5	Classic Cocktails! Howard is the bar manager and tends the bar 4 or 5 nights a week.  In my humble opinion he is the best that Vegas has to offer.  All of the unique creations and variations on classics at Embers are well balanced and leave me wanting more.  For the novice, check out the Aviation, Dirty Girl, or Dark and Stormy...or any other number of concoctions based on a spirit you know you take pleasure in.If you enjoy Bourbon, Scotch, Whiskey or Gin however, there is no shortage of pleasantries for you to find here.   I love Embers' Not So Rusty Nail, Blood & Sand, Sonny, and Lion's Tail.  Additionally when Howard is there his Old Fashioned and Honey Side Car are both absurdly good.
4	Friendly service and great food.
4	Don't let the decor of the casino fool you because I was skeptical myself. The food is top notch and is on par with the other big name restaurants of more luxurious casinos (without the pricing of a celebrity chef's kitchen).  The food our party received was both portioned and presented well. The only complaint we had about the food was that we wanted more sauce for some of the dishes. Another complaint about the food was there wasn't enough room for more dessert. The atmosphere of the restaurant itself was pleasant. We really enjoyed the music which was golden oldies. Service was also excellent and not overbearing. The styling was dated but was far better than the casino itself. Again, don't let this turn you away from such a hidden gem.
5	Sunday.  10pm.  Just flew in from San Diego, and was starving and wanted a quick happy hour deal.  Decided I'd head to Brio.Brio's kitchen was closed.  Was recommended to check out Petra or Bottles & Burgers.Petra and Bottle's & Burgers were closed.Drove across the street to Kona.  It was closed.Walked to Gordon Biersch (now I'm slumming it).  It was closed.Gave Ember's a shot, and amazingly they were open even though they weren't supposed to be (fantasy draft?). Looked over the happy hour menu, and the Crispy Beef Tacos and Goat Cheese Crostinis sounded good.  Asked the bartender if he had any recommendations from the menu, and he named exactly those two.  WIN!Got a Hoegarden comped for playing some video poker.  Ended up winning $5, so thank you for paying me to drink.Both apps were out ridiculously fast and were ridiculously delicious.  A tad overpriced at $7 and $6 for happy hour prices, but definitely flavorful enough to write it off.If this place was open late, I would probably start making this my local bar.  Unfortunately, they close at old people hours.  Going to have to come back and do dinner here, the 2 apps were that good.
5	Embers has really hit its stride!  I was a big fan from the beginning because the drinks are 2nd-to-none and I did enough homework to order great food.  They have had a new chef for a few months now and their menu has truly caught up to the cocktails at this point!The Drinks:  This is my favorite spot in town for balanced drinks and classic cocktails!  My personal favorites are Howard's Old Fashioned, Not So Rusty Nail, Lion's Tail, The Sunny, Honey Side Car, Aviation, and Blood and Sand.  You can get all the normal cocktails that you find anywhere, but I strongly encourage expanding your horizon's while at Embers.  I will often bring people in that just tell Howard what they normally drink and ask him to make them something new...they are repeatedly pleased!  Embers has a great selection of Craft Beers, and does wonderful with the limited amount of taps...you can tell that a beer snob set the draft list, not a restaurateur.  Their wine selection is solid as well, with several boutique bottles that you won't find every place else you go.Happy Hour: Everyday from 4 - 7 and from 10 - closeSeveral drinks are on Happy Hour, plus bunch of great appetizers.  I really like the crispy steak tacos, and the humus.  The tri-tip sliders are great...but then so are the regular sliders.  Happy Hour is in the bar AND on their delightful patio!The Food:  My favorites include the Sea Bass, the Roasted Chicken, and the Heirloom Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella salad.  I don't love the fact that the name says: Steaks, Ribs, & Spirits.  The spirits I think are great, but the steaks and ribs are just good.  I know people that like them...and come here for them, but I would not come here specifically for those two items.  I would however absolutely order one if that is what I was in the mood for because the drinks are so good that I'd be here anyway :)The Service:  The staff here is great!  Always friendly.  They tend to get a little busy when a big game brings in additional clientele, but this has never been much of a problem to me.Brand New:  They just started serving brunch on the weekends at 10am.  BRUNCH!!!  Embers new Brunch Menu is so good!  They literally have my favorite hollandaise sauce for Eggs Benedict that I have ever had...and Eggs Benedict is my go-to breakfast and brunch item.  The classic Eggs Benedict is great, but if you like smoked salmon their Smoked Salmon Benedict is insanely good...a hint of capers comes through with a lite truffle oil that plays so nice with the smoked flavors...I love it when food plays nice together.Come here with friends so that you can try multiple Brunch Items...other savory dishes that I liked include the Fried Chicken and Biscuits Sliders and the Chorizo and Piquillo Pepper Omelet.   I also want to try the Smoked Bacon/Ham Croissant sliders because they look great in front of the stranger next to me...I'm thinking I should have asked for a bite anyway.I lean towards savory breakfast/brunch items.  I tried a few sweet items that were wonderful however...Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes!  I could eat these without a problem.  Additionally, the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast is outstanding, but I could not eat a whole serving...too sweet for this savory guy.
4	Embers is located in Boca Park, as we all know, this is a really nice area, but DON'T let the area deter you from trying out this fine steakhouse. The prices were reasonable with large amounts of servings per entree. The atmosphere of the place very relaxing with indoor and outdoor seating. The sevice was wonderful. Christine our server was friendly and accomadating. For appetitzers, my favorite was the Chilean Sea Bass Skewers. It waas served with Bok Choy, Edamame, and chili mint sauce. The sauce was to die for, and reminded me of a homecooked chinese dish my family use to make. Christine also suggested a Ginger Mojito, and this drink was the perfect amounts of rock candy and lime juice. Not too sweet, and not too tart. The Mixed Green Salad also deserves a mention. Served with goat cheese and topped with watermelon, this salad is simlpe, but refeshing and light. My favorite entree included the 16 oz ribeye steak. The meat was so  tender, it melted in your mouth. A knife was not necessary to cut the steak, that's how tender this thing is. The Ribeye was full of flavor and the tempurature of the steak was cooked to perfection. For desserts, I really enjoyed the tart tangy taste of the Grapefruit Sorbert as well as the Smores gelato that reminded me of sitting around a campfire. The smores gelato was sprinkled with graham cracker crumbs and the crunch of the crackers blew me away coupled with  a lightly drizzled chocolate syrup and toasted marshmallows on top. Last but not least, was the bread and butter. I normally don't like bread and butter, but I loved the Honey Herbed Butter they served here. It's whipped butter, served at room tempurature. The butter was so fluffly and the hint of sweetness complimented the bread that was served. Overall,  I  give this place four stars. I'm a fan of this place, and will definitely be coming back for more. I definitely recommend this place to everyone. Everyone needs to try it!
4	The bar has great acoustics. With music and lots of people you can still carry on a normal conversation.
4	I had heard about Embers previously, so I was anxious to give it a try.  After reading a few of the reviews here on Yelp, I was ready to keep an open mind.My dinner partner and I walked in to see modern decor in dark colors, punctuated by light, fanciful water-lily light fixtures over a few booths. The bar was busy and highly inviting, but we decided on a quiet booth.We started out with a pair of crostini appetizers.  The Wild Mushroom and the Caprese.  While the Wild Mushroom Crostini was mild on flavor, the Caprese Crostini was an explosion of fresh flavors in our mouths. One bite of the heirloom tomato relished to perfection combined with the crispness of the crostini made me go "WOW!" feeling like I had committed a sin for enjoying it so much,After the decadent appetizers, out came my Prosciutto and Fresh Pea Risotto and my partner's Miso Salmon with Edamame.  While I'm not a big fish eater, my dinner partner relayed that the salmon was cooked to perfection, as he finished off the whole plate without complaint.  My risotto was wonderful, again loaded with decadent flavors and textures - definitely something I'd order again and again.Our server, May, was totally awesome.  She had wonderful knowledge of the menu and guided us through our first time savoring Embers.  So, my advice, if you've got deep pockets, definitely go so you can enjoy the menu.  Not the place to go if you're on a budget.
4	Amazing brunch. Food was incredible. They have beer on tap and a full bar if you want to watch a game. If they offered a bottomless bloody Mary or mimosa special, the place would be packed. Price point was a bit high for a locals place, but the food was incredible and it's right in the middle of Boca Park. Where else in Vegas can you go for Hoegaarden on tap?
5	My husband and I ate brunch here the other week. I ordered the biscuits and fried chicken and my husband ordered the bacon burger. Mine was amazing; one of the best dishes I have had in a while. My husband really liked his burger also. We'll have to come back and try out their dinner.
5	After too many happy hours to count I finally had dinner here.  I don't know why I waited so long!  My boyfriend and I started with the filet and mushroom skewers and bacon wrapped dates -- love these!  They are as good if not better then Firefly's.  For dinner we split the grilled rib-eye, and unlike most steakhouses it comes with sides included.  More then enough for two people and cooked perfectly.  At $36 for the 16 ounce rib-eye I thought that was a very fair price.  I am also a huge fan of their drink menu.  I usually stick to the red sangria but this night I had the Dirty Girl martini, pear based, and the Cacao Confusion, one of the best chocolate martinis I've ever had.  What I also love about Embers is the atmosphere.  You sit in the front or the bar and it's a happy hour vibe but sit in a booth toward the back and it's perfect for a romantic date night.
4	Decor: super modern, clean, un pretentious. Fried artichoke hearts were a pleasant surprise. Not dripping in grease. Very simple taste, but once you bite into it, it was very savory. Lemon aoli added the perfect zing. Even the bed of greens were quite unexpected. The mac was slightly disappointing, as I thought there would be huge chunks of pork belly as I've seen at other establishments. The mac was also far too saucy as opposed to creamy. Tri tip sliders absolutely killed it. Just the right amount of bbq and tons of meat in between 2 cute little buns. Margarita was decent. Boulavardier was strong and bold... Just how I like it. Can't wait to try their lion's head as it also has bourbon. Bread pudding was eh. Pretty simple but the walnuts added a nice texture and spin, as did the tahitian vanilla ice cream. Loved morgan, our server. Very nice. Was able to articulately answer our questions and offered her honest opinion. Truly enjoyed our happy hour experience.
4	We went to Embers on a suggestion from a Las Vegas local. It is a small place so it can get a little loud. We ordered the chateaubriand for two and the other couple ordered the filet and a prime rib. All of which were cooked to perfection. The sides were only 3 dollars each so we tried every one of them. They do not disappoint. The deserts were outstanding as well.Great food and service at an affordable price in Vegas, Ya baby!!
4	A very nice relaxing  place to have dinner. Great service the waitress very attentive always making sure our drinks were full. I ordered the Classic 10oz Burger well done . I tried to finish it but failed. At least I had lunch to bring to work the next day. The cost is only about 25 dollars per person. We even had 20% off coupon. This is a place I will visit again.
4	Stick to the brunch/breakfast stuff and you won't go wrong.
4	Always wondered what this place was about and came across a Groupon for weekend brunch, so I finally decided to check it out. I called around 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon to see what time brunch ended and was told that they weren't accepting anymore walk-ins or reservations for the day even though brunch ended at 3....boo. Tried again a little earlier on the next Saturday and successfully set a reservation for 2pm. Got there a few minutes after, and to my surprise, the place was nearly empty considering the full list the weekend before. Our server was nice & cheerful. I ordered the bacon croissant sliders & my hunny ordered the green & white omelet, both of which came with breakfast potatoes. The food took a pretty long while to come out for the place to be so un-busy, but it was all delicious. Music selection was a cool eclectic mix...maybe a good Pandora channel? All-in-all great brunch in a modern chill spot without all the hustle & bustle. May try the patio next time.
4	Armed with a Groupon for Sunday brunch, my son and I ventured over to Boca Park in our 'hood for some food after church.  I've passed this place many a time, but always thought it was a steakhouse or something.  It's actually got a very laid-back vibe going on, with breakfast, burgers, small plates, and sandwiches on the brunch menu, which is served until 3pm on the weekends.  Reservations were suggested on the Groupon, so I called that morning and made some for us, but it wasn't busy when we arrived at 11:30am.  Instead of the eggs, hash browns, and toast or veggie omelet that I would normally have at a breakfast joint, I wanted to try something different.  Consulting our waitress on which she would recommend, the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast or the Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes, she said the former were her favorite.  I was not disappointed.  I don't have French toast very often at all, so I was happy that these were tasty, not soggy, overdone, or too sweet, even with a bit of syrup.  The granola was a nice touch, adding a crunch.       The non-breakfast and dinner menu items look tempting and the prices are not outlandish.  I will definitely be back and recommend it if you're looking for a new place to try in this part of the valley
4	My first experience was great. We went for brunch. We were able to sit outside by the fountain and enjoy the sun. One of the major problems there was is the service. The food was delicious. I will be back to try lunch, dinner and happy hour. The only complaint that I have is the service. The girls that were our servers were fantastic, but the food took forever to come out. We arrived when they opened at 10 and didn't get our food until almost 11 (1045ish). We ordered within 10 minutes of arriving, so I'm not sure what took so long. Bottom line is the food was pretty good. Atmosphere was great (especially sitting outside in the sun in February). Fastness of food not great.
4	We came here  for dinner to celebrate my brother's new job. The ambiance is relaxing and dimly lit. We were seated right away to a comfy booth where the waitress quickly took our drink order.  My husband wanted to order an appetizer we could all share so we ordered  the Crispy Beef Tacos ($9.00) . It came with 3 tacos that looked good but I wasn't sure if I wanted mine . It's just that we eat Mexican food often so I was like , "I'm just going to take a bite of one ". I ended up eating all of mine because it was delicious! I had a hard time choosing what I wanted for my main entree. My husband and brother can go to the fanciest place and still order a burger. I don't get it but that leaves more money for my dinner options lol. They both of course ordered a burger while I was scanning the menu. The appetizers looked really good and the main entrees I had difficulty with. It's because the sides are pre chosen with your the meal . There was a particular one I was interested in  but the side was sweet potatoes. I'm not too fond of sweet potatoes so I kept searching. I decided on the 16 oz Rib eye ($36.00) we were at a steak house so I thought, "Why not"!?" The steak was nicely done I loved how juicy it was. It came with smoked Cheddar Polenta Fries , roasted broccoli that was served with a side of Poblano Demi Cream sauce. The fries were fried to a golden brown and they tasted okay. My brother liked them better than I did so I let him have them. The broccoli was still crisp which is a plus for me because I hate soggy veggies. My husband and I shared a Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee ($8.00) which was yummy. I particularly like the top the best. The prices were very reasonable especially because we also had the 20% off coupon. The food is definitely worth coming back for .  The service was also terrific ! My only wish is they would have sides that you can choose for your entree so it makes ordering easier.
3	We've been here twice now. Both times the food was great. Both times the service was horrible. The first time we thought it was the food taking forever. This last time we had terrible service again, but the food came out fast. The girl kept making excuses that they were super busy.  There were three tables. There were multiple servers, so there shouldn't have been a problem. My water glass was empty almost the whole time. I asked for an additional water after my water had been taken over by my baby. It took her about 10 minutes to get a new water. I was highly disappointed in the service, but again enjoyed the food. I'll go back for the food, but probably be disappointed in the service again.
4	Great ambience - they have a warm, modern decor. I liked 2 of the 3 appetizers we ordered. The fig and goat cheese crostinis were good and the sliders were awesome! The rock shrimp misto was just ok (wouldn't order it again). It came with a sauce similar to soy sauce or ponzu, but would've been 10 times better with a garlic aioli. I had the warm spinach salad for my entree, which was also good. My husband had the ribeye, which he enjoyed. I stole a couple of the polenta fries that came with his steak and they were yummy! Not greasy and the batter was just right.Our service was great. We were there at 8pm on Thursday and the restaurant was about 50-60% full.All in all, I would come back again.
3	Enjoyed the signature cocktails and the appetizers where very good. The Risotto was ok but the Scallops was very good.
4	It's Spring!  And nothing says Spring in Vegas like al fresco dining!  Ember's has a terrific, cozy outdoor patio with a trickling fountain next to which you can enjoy their terrific cocktails and small plates. I highly recommend their Moscow Mule for all of you vodka aficionados out there - Vodka, lime and Fever Tree Ginger Beer which made for bright, tart flavors - perfect libation for warmer weather!   We eschew red meat - and Embers has a nice set of appetizers for the less carnivorous.  Deep fried artichoke hearts were really well done crispy on the exterior while remaining soft and luscious on the inside.  Their Ahi tuna on mini-rice cakes with masago and micro greens is very well done as well!  We sampled their Caprese Salad which was nice - but easily, for me anyway, one of my favorite dishes we tried was the Seared Diver Scallop with Roasted Cauliflower, Cauliflower Puree and Wilted Frisee.  The scallop was perfectly seared on the outside and wonderfully nearly-rare.  The roasted cauliflower added additional textural interest and was a creative touch. Service was very swift and attentive throughout, even with the restaurant packed with people. Music choices were amusing (and surprising) to us old rock and rollers - we heard "No Fun" by the Stooges, "Sweet Jane" by the Velvets and "Sha-La-La-La-Lee" by The Small Faces while we were there!Definitely a new spot for us that is close to home.  Glad to have met ya Embers!
1	Won't be back ! Proud to say that I have probably been to every establishment in Boca Park over the last 5 years, so I figured it was about time to follow tradition and venture into Embers. Immediately upon arrival it seemed like my kind of joint, like the vibe and the decor. My friend and I decided this might be a good place to catch the UNLV game, so we took a seat at the bar. After about half a beer we struck up a very good conversation with two females seated beside us who were also lawyers, it definitely some of the best conversation I've struck up in a good while, however it would not last. It seemed as though the bartender took exception talking to these girls as evidenced by him continually jumping into our conversation with snide remarks, and was even brazen enough to ask us to give up our seats as move because he had some "players" coming in. While we came in with the intention of watching a UNLV tournament game, we were quickly relocated to seats out of view of the TV. The humorous part was that these "players" that forced us to move were an older couple, and only one of them ended up playing. Furthermore she played a measly $5 on the table game. I would have easily offered to double her earnings just to not have had to give up our seats, view of the game, and new found friendship. Really a move that soured my experience at Embers in Boca Park. Ended up walking across the street to Kona Grill where we found better service, accommodations and entertainment.
4	First visit here just for a couple appetizers.  It seems like this place is new and still trying to attract the crowd since all of the other places in boca park were pretty busy.  I think they will do quite well since the place is very nice inside, it opens up to a nice patio by the fountain and the menu seems pretty solid.  During this visit I tried 3 appetizers: the spicy ahi tuna, the hummus and the chicken skewers.  Everything was solid; the ahi tuna sitting on top of crispy rice was my favorite of the three.  The hummus had a bit of spicy-ness to it which was quite enjoyable and the pita bread was warm and seemed to be baked fresh.  Service was perfect all around.  I will need to return again when I have a larger appetite for a full meal.
1	I don't know who is giving this restaurant good ratings. The whole place smelled like raw sewage, service was mediocre, the food was not good at all, even the cocktails were bad. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY GOING THERE!!
3	Really nice decor and outdoor patio, Embers is comfortable and a good place to go to have a drink and hang. Speaking of drinks, I had a hard time picking out one as there cocktail menu is extensive and quite interesting. Ended up with the Georgia Peach Julep (Burbon, mint, peaches and honey) and it was quite good and not too sweet. My issue was the menu selections,,, choices seemed slim and without focus... didn't know what their specialty was, so I opted for the Seared Ahi Salad, which was tasty. Nothing on the menu said try me except for their specialty drinks!
4	I've been here a couple times. First time was for Restaurant Week, where dinner was a bargain at $40.13 for four courses. The apps were probably the highlight of the meal. The beef in the crispy beef tacos was a great mix of a tender, juicy interior and crispy  exterior with a wonderful flavor all around. The stuffed dates are similar to what you'll find elsewhere, but the tried and true ingredients always make for a delicious dish.The salads were more than respectable with my wife and I trying the mixed greens salad and the warm spinach salad. The risotto, one of the entrees, was rich and (almost too) creamy with plenty of mushrooms. The tri tip was a touch too sweet and tough for my tastes, but the various preparations of sweet potatoes on the plate were all winners. The bread pudding to end the meal was a hit. It's tough to go wrong with a spongey mound of warm and cold deliciousness.If you follow Embers on Twitter you'll see different discounts throughout the week for happy hour or brunch. On my second visit we got a few apps that were a couple bucks off during happy hour. The best of the bunch were the sliders -- nicely toasted bun and beef patties that weren't too firm and plenty moist. The filet skewers were pretty good as well and the best part of that dish was the crispy polenta fries -- absolutely amazing! The crispy tuna and seabass skewers weren't bad but the quality of the seafood was less than stellar.Still, I'm a fan of the place. It's a local spot with a nice patio, friendly staff, and several dishes that make a return visit worthwhile.
2	Was looking to grab a quick bite with my 8-yr old and decided to yelp restaurants that offered happy hour specials.  Embers popped up and after reading the reviews we decided to check it out.  Embers is located in Boca Park and the atmosphere is fabulous!  The patio is huge and the decor is sleek.  We were definitely under-dressed but our visit was very impromptu.  We happened to be hungry at 5pm on a Tuesday afternoon.However, regardless of how you're dressed, you should always greet customers with a smile.  When we walked in we were coldly greeted by a young lady.  I told her we wanted to enjoy their happy hour menu, and she looked at us like "well I'll be lucky to get $5 in tip from these chumps."  She sat us in the empty patio and also happened to double as our server!!  LOLWe ordered 5 of their happy hour dishes, which is basically $2 off their starter menu.    I also enjoyed a couple glasses of the $4 Stella drafts.  Some of the food was really good.  Some were inedible.  Our server warmed up after we ordered...I suppose after she rung up our $100 worth of food and drinks??Embers Sliders $7 on HHTwo really tasty little burgers with a delicious & generous serving of fries sprinkled in kosher salt and black pepper.  I would return for this.Chilean Sea Bass Skewers $14 on HHReally bad.  Overly marinated and over cooked.   The salad that it came with was terrible also.  This was inedible.  Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto $10 on HHThis was delicious!  Battered and fried rock shrimp, peppers, and avocado.  My first time enjoying tempura avocado and it was AWESOME!Spicy Ahi Tuna $13 on HHSpicy tuna on crispy rice cakes and drizzled with ponzu sauce.  Pretty good.  I've had this at other restaurants.  Not bad.Crispy Beef Tacos $7 on HHThis was disgusting.  The beef was battered in some teriyaki sauce and deep fried.  The beef was topped with a pickled cucumber and red onion mixture.  Gross.Grilled Steak Salad $16 (regular menu to-go)I ordered this to go for my wife.  It was okay.  The steak was tiny.  The steak salad at Grape Street is MUCH better.All-in-all....great atmosphere, mediocre service, and inconsistencies with the food.  I would return for the Sliders and Shrimp Misto.
4	Great place for Happy Hour in Boca Park
5	A romantically, relaxing dining experience topped off with some delicious food and yummy drinks. I love the outdoor dining option, next to a fountain that contributes to a tranquil feeling. Must try selections: Bacon Wrapped Dates, Spicy Ahi Tuna, Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis.
2	After multiple visits to embers I'm forced to write this review. The food never has been an issue because no matter what you order it comes out perfect and delicious. The problem is with the wait staff. We waited an hour for our meal and an 45 minutes for the bill. the place only had two other booths filled. The real kicker is when we were totally ignored when the two other tables near us were getting proper attention. We were walked by so many times its amazing she knew we were still there. It's a shame but we won't be dining there again. It's just not worth the risk of ordering two plates and being stuck there for two hours.
4	Bartender---Howard is cool, cocktails r great n the spot is super-chill.  The best hummus I have ever had, and it is free with check in!
4	I've only been here for business meetings but the staff is always friendly, accommodating, and the red Sangria is delicious!
4	Love the fresh squeezed juices and the ever so fun, Howard! We only snacked on sliders, but they were tasty. I look forward to going back and grubbing! Cheers to another great spot in BOCA PARK!
3	Good food , atmosphere and service. But $38.43 before tip, for two omelets with breakfast potatoes, and two beverages is just too expensive. If you want toast....that's an extra charge!
4	Great food! All four of us cleaned our plates, only wish the portions were bigger. Will definitely recommend & go again soon.
2	We came here for happy hour and had hoped to get a tasty per dinner snack and a drink or two. We got the bacon wrapped figs, tri tip sliders, a glass of wine and two beers for about $30. Not bad price wise. The food however left a lot to be desired, mainly I wish it had been less ridiculously salty. I ended up feeling a bit sick afterwards until I had about a liter of water. The kicker though was that 3 times throughout our short meal someone opened the kitchen door and there was an overwhelming smell of dirty bong water. It was not a smell I want to associate with a meal. Mediocre food, good service, bad smells.
2	I'll keep this one short and sweet, as there isn't a whole lot to report. I've had a handful of people I don't know suggest I check out Embers in Summerlin, and despite my skepticism I finally made my way there to check it out. Amidst an embarrassing display of the worst of the worst Summerlin floozies I could possibly see, including a girl with a Pink fleece jacket and matching Pink fleece short shorts and several other seemingly miserable pairs of women drinking wine at 11am on a Saturday, I braved this scene to try their burger. I haven't really heard much buzz about this place around town ever, so I assumed what I would be getting matched the clientele around me.Embers is located in Boca Park; the shopping area filled with horribly overpriced and awful clothing stores, typical chain restaurants and the most amazing liquor store ever. The interior is fit out with hard woods, simple light fixtures, and a number of seating options both near and away from the bar. They also have an outdoor patio where you can watch all of the local train wrecks walk by as they're shopping in ridiculous outfits and tans. They offer both a brunch and dinner menu, with the brunch menu being a little more breakfast oriented. They also have a large drink menu with some decent cocktails. We started with the bacon wrapped dates; they were decent but it was an extremely small order for $7.Their classic 8oz burger comes with butter lettuce, tomato, red onion, French fries and the option to add cheese for $1. While it looked somewhat decent, it tasted like dry bun and onions. The meat had ok fresh flavor when sampled on its own, but with no seasoning it didn't stand out at all. It actually reminded us of the very first burger I had at Honey Salt before they revamped and made it the spectacular burger it is now. There is really nothing good I can say about this burger; the toppings were all fresh, and the meat did seem to be of good quality, but with a dry bun and zero flavors it's kind of the opposite of what you're looking for in a good burger. And to match, the fries were completely generic, frozen, and had almost no flavor either. They were seasoned with some pepper, but nothing to speak of whatsoever. The burger starts at $13, add cheese and you have a $14 burger that's flavorless and not worth it. With so many more viable options surrounding it between Honey Salt, Fleming's and even The Martini, I can't recommend you go to Embers to get a burger.
4	Decided on Embers because it was almost 10pm and we were just too tired to drive more than 10 minutes away from home. We've been here a couple of times already. It was nice out, so we chose outdoor seating. Friendly-looking server promptly seated us and took our drink order. It wasn't a beer day for me, so I went with the Aviation (Gin, Luxardo, Lemon Juice, and Creme De Violette). A girly drink, yes, but so what - if it gets you buzzed, it serves a purpose, right? Veruka got the Stone Smoked Porter, which she said had the after taste of an ashtray.Appetizer - can't go wrong with the Embers Sliders, served with fries. We were starving, so that hit the spot! For the main course, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Risotto. It was well prepared, and yes, the mushrooms tasted fresh! My dining partner chose the Linguine Frutti di Mare. The scallops were nice and tender, and the fish was moist and flakey. Her only complaint was that there was too much linguine. Picky, picky! For dessert, we shared the Warm Bread Pudding which had some kind of blueberry sauce. It was insanely delicious, and ranks up there with my favorite bread pudding experiences. No chocolate chips in this one, but warm, creamy, crunchy and sweet all at the same time! I liked the ambiance - would be a great place to take someone on a first date. It's a little pricier than most places though - $115 (including tip), for a dinner for two.
4	Good food for happy hour.
4	We ate here on a whim to try something new after a successful wine haul at Total Wine next door.  We were greeted by the bartender / manager who let us know they were currently participating in Restaurant Week ($50).  Not wanting to drop $150 for lunch / early dinner, we asked if there was a Happy Hour.  There was and it just happen to start (4pm).  We were sat outside and ordered a glass of their House Pinot (eh - nothing special) and a Tall Tenaya Creek Tandem Double IPA.  Got to support the local brewers and I was glad i did as this was a delicious IPA.  I asked the bartender / manager what the four best items were on the App side (as we find the Apps are what make people come back from time to time) and we ordered the Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers, Seared Blackened Tuna, Crispy Beef Tacos (BEST) and the BBQ Tri Tip Sliders.The Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers were fantastic for my 3 year old as they were very tender and cooked perfectly mid-rare, however the flavor was bland.  The BBQ Tri Tip Sliders were very filling however there was a heavy "tex-mex" taste which was hard to get over.  It wasn't a bad taste, just not what I was looking for.  I would order them with a Heff.The Blackened Tuna needed a little bit of acid added, so once my wife splashed some Lime on them, the flavors really popped.  Overall, the best tasting item (although it photographs poorly) is the CRISPY BEEF TACOS.  I would order these EVERY time i return and i plan to.  The dish has three tacos and although it looks to be hard to eat, is extremely tender and flavorful.  THIS DISH IS A MUST TRY!As a pleasant surprise, the waitress brought us the Bacon Wrapped Dates that she let us know the bartender / manager ordered on the house.  They were very enjoyable until we received the bill and noticed they were included.  My wife and I feel that this was an honest mistake and at $5, we didn't think we needed to bring it to the waitresses attention as we were in a rush to leave (2 children ready to go after their 20 minute threshold).Overall, we would return and plan to as there are some specialty cocktails we would like to try on our next visit.
4	I went to Embers for brunch with some friends. At first the menu seemed alittle limited and each of us chose a different item. The food arrived and was beautifully presented. All three of us enjoyed our food so thoroughly we eagerly complimented the chef and grudgingly shared our dishes with each other. We did not want to lose any of it! I had the ham and fried egg croissant sliders, my friend had the ricotta lemon and blueberry pancakes which were delicious as well and my other friend had the white chocolate french toast. We will be back very soon!
2	Food was good. Priced on the high side.  The wine selection is good.  The service was terrible.  The average time to get a glass of wine was 20 minutes.  Server was not attentive at all. I would have to flag her down to get service.
5	It is a cross between a cozy dark candlelit dinner place, with an awesome bar, and if you enjoy the sun they have a very nice patio that you can sit in.  Food is great, my husband and I always tried the small plates, so we can try a little more of their food.  My favorite by far was the bacon stuffed dates.  I would just order that, and be happy, Yum-o!  The drinks were great, I had a tangy Moscow Mule, and my husband had, something with rum, and more rum.  Love this place, and we will be back for more.  The staff is very friendly, and welcoming.  Thank you.
4	Love the ambiance at this nice little spot. Came with some friends for a little Sunday Funday. Eugene was our bartender and was awesome! They make fresh greyhounds, by fresh I mean fresh squeezed juice to order. Sooooo good! Drinks were good and food was too.
3	Was my first time here for a UUYE dinner that Stephanie "Fluffy Bear" K kind of put together at the last minute. On this night it was a nice 76 degree evening with a slight cool breeze. Where we sat was just right inside next to the patio. The doors to the patio were wide open which was letting some of the cool breeze in. I was impressed by this set up so my first thoughts of this place was pretty good so far.As we looked over the menu, one main thing stood out to me. THE PRICES. Since me and my wifey were going to our favorite late night happy hour restaurant later, we decided to share an appetizer, a salad, and a main course. Im glad we did because if we actually ordered our own meal, it would have pushed the bill to 100 easily.So for the appetizer,we went with the Spicy Ahi Rolls. Price: $15. As the server brought it out, it looked pretty good. The problem I thought was that their were only FOUR pieces. Now I have been to some places where we have had ahi rolls before and I know they are kind of pricey but this was ridiculous! You would think for that price we could get a whole roll like maybe eight pieces instead of four. For the salad I ordered Caesar with the dressing on the side. Price: $10. For that price, I was thinking maybe they did something different to it to make it that expensive. Maybe have a guy dressed up as Julius Caesar come out with an entourage to present this magnificent salad. But, no. It was just your basic romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, and croutons. As a side note, their cheapest salad was a spring mix, which was $8.Lastly, for the main course, we got the Slow Roasted Tri Tip. Price: $20. Now this was actually decent. I still don't think 20 for tri tip justifies it though. Came with mashed yams and spinach. Overall, the food quality was below average, especially for the price. The total came out to 54 dollars and some change. That's with a 20 percent tip included. I have been to a lot of other places where you can have soup, salad, and a main course for under 20 dollars. Don't get me wrong. I am not a cheapskate, but I'll be damned if I pay that much for a meal  that I cant really rave about. In closing, the atmosphere and service is pretty good here, but the food is not worth the ridiculous prices they charge you. Originally I was gonna give two stars, but since I was with good company, that probably distracted my disappointment long enough to give you guys that extra star.Speaking of good company, shout outs to my good friends Kevin L, Ollan A and his wifey Kristina, C D and his wifey Evelyn including C D jr. Last but not least, to the person responsible for this night of fun, the most loveable and huggable person you will ever meet, Stephanie "Fluffy Bear" K!
4	We sat in the sun next to a fountain and drank bottomless mimosas.  Awesome!  But really, the best part was the food and service.  The French toast was one of the best I've ever had and our server, May, was knowledgable, friendly, and efficient.  I would recommend this place based on my visit here!
4	I went here on a dinner date with my BFF. We had a few drinks. I had Proseco and she had a Georgia Peach which she didn't like but our server was kind enough to let her try a different drink. She had a ginger mojito but the BFF said the ginger flavor was too strong she had to add sweetener to it.  Our server was fantastic and patient with us. The BFF and I were busy chatting that we kept forgetting to look at the menu so our server kept checking if we were ready to order food...oops, sorry!We tried the goat cheese and fig crostinis, bacon-wrapped dates, Embers sliders, tempura rock shrimp misto, tomato basil soup and our server's suggestion: slow-roasted tri tip. They do have food and drink specials but not on the night we went.Goat Cheese and Fig Crostinis:Come with fennel and micro greens. I love goat cheese since it doesn't make my stomach hurt as much as cheese from cow's milk. The crostini is crisp. The goat cheese is creamy and a bit tart balanced by the sweetness and crunchiness of the fig. 5/5Bacon-Wrapped Dates:Almond on the inside with blue cheese and pomegranate reduction. This is easy to make but I always get this wherever it is offered (like tapas restaurants). I just love this stuff. 5/5Embers Sliders:Butter lettuce, red pepper chili aioli, shallot, smoked cheddar and fries on the side. Just your plain old cheeseburger sliders. I was not in the mood to try their BBQ tri tip sliders and chose this instead. 3/5Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto:Battered and fried shrimps, avocado, tomatoes and pepper with ponzu for dipping. The fried avocado and shrimps were quite good. The sauce was a bit basic. 3.5/5Slow-Roasted Tri Tip:Comes with sweet potato puree, sauteed spinach and BBQ sauce. The meat was tender and not bad with the sweet potato. 3.5/5Starters are anywhere from $8-16. Soups/salads from $8-16. Entrees from $14-37. Desserts $9.  Our total with food and drinks was $92.
4	Solid 4 star joint!We came here during their anniversary which had 50% off your entire bill...food, drinks, everything!  Yeeeee :P  We ate pretty much EVERYTHING on the menu lol :Bacon Wrapped Dates ($7): Toasted Almond, Blue Cheese, and Pomegranate Reduction. These are soooo good! Blows FF's version outta the water!  I will order these EVERY single time I am here :)Grilled Chimichurri Chicken Breast Sandwich ($14): Butter Lettuce, Tomato, Red Pepper Chili Aioli, and French Fries. This was good! Cooked perfectly and I love the chimichurri sauce!  Good portion size and value.Linguine Frutti di Mare ($29): Sea Bass, Rock Shrimp, Scallops, Salmon, and Spicy Shellfish Tomato Sauce. This was cooked perfectly and had lots of flavor in each bite. A bit spendy, but a great dish.Grilled Filet and Mushroom Skewers ($16): Roasted Tomato & Hominy, Herb Salad, and Grilled Tomato Salsa. Tender, flavorful beef, but the portion is on the small end at the price point in my book.BBQ Tri Tip Sliders ($9): Smoked Cheddar, House Made BBQ, and French Fries. Good portion here...very sweet bbq sauce, but the overall taste is good.Seared Blackened Tuna ($15): Cucumber Mango Relish, Tempura Crunch, and Mango Sriracha Puree. This was tasty! Good combination of flavors.Roasted Garlic Hummus ($8): Grilled Pita and Marinated Chickpeas. Very tasty and large portion of hummus...we asked for more pita bread so it wouldn't go to waste!  I will probably order this next time!Tempura Rock Shrimp Misto ($12): Avocado, Red Fresno, and Ponzu. Very good! Lightly breaded, cooked well, and lots of flavor!Grilled Chicken Skewers ($10): Roasted Pepper Couscous, Chimmichurri, and Red Pepper Chili Aioli. Very juicy, tender chicken with yummy chimmichurri and dipping sauces!Fried Artichoke Hearts ($10): Spring Mix and Spinach Lemon Aioli. Not a big fan of artichokes, but everyone else enjoyed this dishGoat Cheese and Fig Crostinis ($8): Roasted Fennel and Micro Greens. I don't usually enjoy goat cheese, but everyone else at the table enjoyed this very much!Crispy Beef Tacos ($9): Cucumber, Red Onion, and Tomato. This is VERY sweet...almost like a bulgogi seasoning with lots of sugar. The combination of the vinegary cucumbers was not for me...you might like it, but I didn't.  :(And for dessert :Warm Chocolate Cake with Vanilla Gelato ($9). This was good, classic lava cake, but the portion is a bit small.Warm Bread Pudding with Vanilla Gelato ($9). This was good...not as good as I thought it would be, since the bread pudding didn't really impress.Not sure what they include in their HAPPY HOUR, but this place is a solid 3.5-4 stars even with the higher price point to me.  If you come here when the prices are cheaper, I had a 4.5-5 star experience!Tons of pics :
5	We visit Embers frequently.   With options of a patio outside they also have the doors open to the indoor dining area allowing a feel of that "out door" atmosphere flowing through the restaurant.   The food is fantastic.  I have enjoyed everything I have ordered here but truly enjoy grazing on the "small plates".   The hummus, sliders, bacon wrapped dates are just a few.  With the ability to order even the best burger or a healthy salad.  The service has always been great and the bartenders are creative with their specialty drinks.  Howard is not only one of the best bartenders in town but also over sees the management of Embers and is very passionate about the food, drinks and service.  He is also a mixologist and comes up with very creative cocktails.   Bonus : )  They have a few video poker machines and respect that they are for gamblers only. Which if you like to play, you will appreciate. There's a little something for everyone.   Dine outside, sit indoors with an outdoor feeling, watch a little sports, sit around the bar and enjoy the laughter or a little poker, or dine in their more private area which still provides the atmosphere and experience of it all.   Cheers!
5	Friday night is our traditional family night, take the teens and finally relax after typical frantic school, work blah blah blah. In Summerlin at 6:00 pm it's not too easy to get a table at a restaurant that suits fussy kids plus parents. I've been using Open Table in combination with Yelp to avoid disappointment and the "it'll be 45 minutes for your table" response that you will hear at popular family places like The Yardhouse or BJ's.When I tell "Management" I have booked "Embers", her response was lees than enthusiastic. The "old" Embers was a sort of BBQ joint hidden beneath a quite sophisticated Boca Park location. We hate BBQ."but,but,but" I eloquently respond "there's a new menu".We arrive and are greeted by a very friendly hostess, offered two different tables, window or booth in back and are promptly seated.Our server immediately arrived and got us drinks and sodas.Menu has changed, extensive without being over complicated.We had a couple of appetizers, ahi tuna on little rice cakes, delicious, light and well presented. After they were done, the Tandoori chicken skewers arrived. Just as good.Our server noticed that one of the teens wasn't eating and brought him a bread basket. Nice touch.Mains: We shared Beef Tacos, Griiled Salmon, Fish & Chips and the Cheese Burger. All were top notch.Belly full, 2 beers, two Chardonnay, countless sodas $120 before tip.We are coming back, it will be a new regular venue.
5	I'm in a good mood, so, 5 stars!Honestly, I enjoyed everything I tried here, and that's rare.  I usually hate SOMETHING.  But, nope, liked it all......Including...The bacon wrapped dates.  Now, these are trendy and they're Firefly's specialty, yadda yadda, but that doesn't mean Embers' version is without merit.  They're delicious with the pomegranate reduction.  Plus, Bacon and cheese is always a win, no matter what!  However,  I did freak out a little when I bit into the date, crunched the almond and thought it was a pit.  So, FYI, on that.For the main course, the tri tip entree was fantastic and likely the best tri tip I've had.  Really. It was a hefty portion of a great cut of meat, cooked perfectly.  To top it off, it includes glazed sweet potatoes and sauteed spinach, my most favoritest of all favorite sides. But, the best thing of all was the Gruyere bread pudding.  Now, at first glance, this sounds disgusting.  But, hot damn.  I would eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It's that good.  Gruyere truly makes everything better.Overall, a great spot.  I liked the mix of hipsters and cougars at the bar.  Makes things interesting.
4	Tried the chicken sausage and it was awesome, potatoes were uniquely flavored.. Steak was cooked right. Marcus was our server and he was right on! Great service, nice private ambiance .. Come for sunday brunch! Only thing was my son asked for scrambled, we got over easy but the fixed that right away
4	Waited an hour for my orders but glad Marcus, and owner Ted Mamola, came over and made it up due to busy 20 person party ahead of us. They comped a bottle of wine and desserts - that's great customer sevice!!The review of the food itself is very good. We got the Tri-tip entree and the flat iron steak and they were awesome!Would come back but not when huge party ahead!!
4	Great cocktails and steaks are good too. I like the patio when it's warm out. notba fan of the dates with bacon though
1	Went to Ember's for brunch last weekend. I'd heard great things about both the ambiance and food. As far as ambiance, it's a nice place. Typical Summerlin/Boca Park chic. The food, however, was a complete disappointment. The dining room is split into two main areas with one (on the left side as you walk in), filled with booths, and the other (on the right) has a bar and several tables. We were seated in the left side of the restaurant in a booth made for four, but moved to one of the smaller booths. I found the seating to be kind of neat...elevated; felt like we were dining on a train. There were two other tables in this side of restaurant, both of which already had their food. In the bar side, a few people sat along the bar and a party of 8 sat at one of the tables. The menu looked so good. I wanted to try at least four or five different things. We ordered the White Chocolate Cinnamon French Toast with Grand Mariner Berries, and the Green and White Omelet. From the time we ordered, to the time we got our food...34 minutes! (Yes, we timed it.) Completely unbelievable, especially as the waitress kept promising, "your food will be right up." No joke, she said it about 4 times. 34 minutes is a ridiculous time to wait for brunch, but maybe, just maybe, I thought, the food will be so mind-blowing, it will all have been worth it. Wrong. So wrong. The French Toast was raw inside. Soggy, runny, eggy, raw. The Green and White Omelet: overcooked rubbery eggs (think microwaved breakfast sandwich eggs), congealed cheese which was holding together the most sorry looking asparagus I'd ever seen.  And the dish was barely warm. We asked the waitress to check out the french toast and even she agreed it was not cooked. She said she'd put in another order but after waiting a half an hour for the dish, we decided to order some eggs and ham. And let's just agree we've all had the same dish at Denny's. Right about now, I was wishing we were at Denny's. I ate my omelet but only because after 30 minutes of drinking coffee, I had to eat something. I'm no genius but I'd say my omelet was ready to be sent out at least 15 minutes before it was served and the party of 8 got the french toast we'd ordered and the chef hurriedly made another for our table when he saw my order still sitting there. Explains the multiple, "your food will be right up." All in all, the food was horrible. The service was horrible. They did comp our ham and egg breakfast and explained the chef got behind because of the large party. I don't think a party of 8 (who, again, I'm pretty sure ordered after us and was the only other party which hadn't yet gotten food) justifies a 30+ minute wait and undercooked/overcooked food.  It's unfortunate a nice looking place like this, in the location it's in, for which I had high hopes, failed as miserably as they did. I'm always one to give a restaurant another chance because maybe it was just a bad morning. And seeing the vast majority of the reviews about Embers are good, and that an article just came out in the RJ giving Embers an "A", maybe it was just that. If I go again, I will update my review.
4	Went to this restaurant based on the Groupon deal. It was not busy and it was a nice little restaurant. We sat and the server, whom I believe was named Marcus, was helpful and looked sharp. We ordered a filet benedict with the steak medium rare and a omelet with meat (I can't remember the name picuillo or something to that effect ). We had coffee in the meantime. It took some time for our food to come out and when it did, it was disappointing. The steak was closer to medium well, the sauce on the filet also was cold as well as the omelet, which indicates it was probably sitting around for a bit. We were hungry so we ate it but did tell our server our issues. They were nice enough to give us a complimentary dessert which was bread pudding. It was delicious! The warm bread pudding along with the vanilla ice cream was scrumtralesent. Overall, our main entrees were disappointing because it was cold and steak cooked too long, but with the service being so nice and the dessert being exquisite, along with the nice presentation, I think this place deserves a shot. I will say that if we hadn't gotten  the Groupon, I'd be a little more upset, but I can only base the review on what I experienced. So it's a conditional four star but probably would have been a 3 otherwise.
5	Shortly (like lightening fast speed) after posting my original review of my experience at Embers, I was contacted by the manager/director, May, inviting me back to Embers to give them another shot. I was really impressed at the offer, and stunned at how quickly it came. Now, I've only been yelping a short time so I never expected a restaurant to reach out to such a newbie. But, she did. Obviously, she isn't messing around and takes serious pride in the food and overall experience at Ember's. I spoke with May earlier in the week and told her I'd come in at 10:30 this past Sunday. I did. I didn't much notice whether the place was packed because, honestly, I was a little uncomfortable walking in, knowing I'd given them 1 star, and here I was again. I don't know whether I was expecting to be told off or what, but it didn't happen. May was super nice to me when I walked in and quickly showed me to my table (which had a "reserved" sign on it...nice touch!) and said she would wait on me herself. I ordered coffee and the White Chocolate French Toast, which was the dish I was so underwhelmed by last time. I was tempted to order the Ricotta Pancakes but thought the best way to critique this time around was by ordering the same thing as last time. Let's get coffee out of the way. It's good. Strong. And my cup was never, not even for a moment, more than half empty. On to the French Toast. It was beautifully presented and absolutely delicious. Seriously. It was cooked just perfectly. The slices are HUGE. I could only eat half the portion. The granola accompanying the french toast was sweet and crunchy. And the berries were perfect. I don't know how they got the most perfectly ripe strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and blackberries. The last few times I've been to the grocery store, the berry selection has been quite sad. I digress. The dish was perfect. I will definitely be back after this experience. And next time, I'm getting the Ricotta Pancakes. Thank you, May!
4	A great place for Sunday Funday. Bottomless mimosas for $20. They even let me substitute grapefruit juice in lieu of orange juice. The filet eggs benedict is a special twist on an old favorite--- amazing. We sat at the bar and had amazing service from a friendly and entertaining bartender. Service was prompt.  If you enjoy a long leisurely brunch with friends, this is a great place.
5	Another Yelp winner! Let me backtrack, most my Yelpie friends did not like the place. But I read through their reviews and picked out the dishes they thought were the best and avoided the ones they didn't like. All the reading paid off, because I had a lovely experience and I thought the food and drinks were great and reasonably priced. So this review may be little skewed, but as an avid Yelp reader, I think most my reviews are skewed because I order things that people recommend. Anyways, enough with the addendum stuff, onto the food. Actually, I'll start off with my favorite, their crafted cocktails. Wowzers. Summerlin knows how to get their drink on. There's so many great places to booze and Embers is one of them. I ordered the Blackberry Pepino, a tequila drink with a splash of Jalapeno juice, mulled (?) blackberries and honey. It definitely had a kick from the jalapenos and there was no skimping on the tequila either. It was a bargain for $8! Woo-hoo! I would've drained it and ordered the rest of cocktail menu, but alas, it was brunch and I didn't wanted to be liquored up at noon (at least not in front of polite company). My fascinating brunch companion, had the Aviation and it was lovely, I definitely could taste the Creme de Violette in it. The rest of the brunch menu was great. We had the bacon wrapped dates, which were delicious and my favorite dish of the meal. Bacon Carbonara flatbread was great, would've been perfect with a beer,  as we were watching the NFL game. I thought the Tandoori Chicken skewers were tasty, albeit a small portion. In conclusion, EVERYTHING was good, but those were the dishes that stood out to me. Another +star for the great service and the nice, sleek decor of the place. It's nestled in fashionable Boca Park, next to the best Total Wine and More on the planet. Who said Summerlin was boring? Suburbs is where it's at!
4	Service is really really amazing but the food is okay.. We were not that satisfied. The cream of corn soup was really really salty but we asked our server to adjust it which is really nice of them cause they did. She kept checking on us if we were doing great which is good.. The risotto was okay and the pizza we ordered was okay :) i wish we had better food though! But i'd still come back !! Excellent service ! :)
2	This is a bar trying to be a fine dining restaurant.  Our server was definitely a bar food server.  When asked what the soup of the day was, he said he wasn't sure but he thought it was Cauliflower.  The soup arrived in quite a large bowl and it was stone cold and lacked flavor.  This was then switched for a Caesar salad.  The flavor was okay, but it was made with iceberg lettuce rather than romaine.  The buttermilk fried chicken, while tender and juicy inside, but was in the fryer too long, as the crispy crust was on the edge of being burned.  The mashed potatoes served with it were luke warm and runny.  I've had much better instant from a box!  My friend had the mushroom risotto, which she said was flavorful and good.  The highlight of the meal was the bread pudding.  We waited forever for it, but it was worth the wait. Small portion, but very rich and flavorful with a creme en glace sauce which the waiter had never heard of.  He also said there were no apples in the bread pudding, which there clearly were. It was truly yummy.  When we ordered the desert we weren't asked if we would like coffee, nor was my soda ever refilled after it was gone halfway through the meal.  Embers has a long way to go both in service and food quality to becoming the fine dining establishment it's price's suggest it is.
5	This place is hands down great the food was so yummy but i think what made it to 5 stars was May our waitress, she was so nice her customer service was on point. My cup of coffee was never empty and she knew what i needed before i even asked. Thank you May!
3	#Vakseen4taste this Vegas trip we decided to stay a few miles away from the strip so when we woke up super hungover Sunday morning, Embers' menu was calling me. I was eyeing the fried chicken and biscuits or the blueberry ricotta pancakes. Only a mile away, we hopped in a cab and were seated immediately. Best cure for a hangover? MORE DRINKS!!!  While the unlimited mimosas, bellinis and bloody Mary's definitely sounded appealing, they have a great beer selection so I went that route. FYI the wait or said those unlimited are interchangeable so you can bounce from a mimosa to a bloody, etc. I'm a Belgian drinker and they had a few of my favs so I drank bottles of Trappistes Rochefort 10, followed by Westmalle Tripel after the food came out. What hangover?!  We both ordered the blueberry ricotta pancakes and I'll actually have to say I was pretty disappointed. On one hand, they served their purpose and soaked up last nights intoxication, on the other hand, the pancakes looked much more amazing than they truly were. Perfect in appearance, they were a little doughy and truly lacked flavor. I felt like I was eating bland white bread. They were so doughy that I had to look and make sure they were actually cooked. Neither the blueberries not the sauce were sweet and we actually ended up putting syrup on them. A lightly flavored lemon ricotta ball was placed on top of the pancakes just like butter normally is and that wasn't bad, but wasn't great either. Sadly the food was nothing to write home about. I will say their chicken sausage was very good though. The highlight of brunch lol.  Welp at least the service was on point lol. Food 6.5/10. Service 8.5/10. Atmosphere 8/10
4	I wasn't sure what to expect but was nicely surprised.  It's a very casual, honestly priced restaurant.  I had the flat iron steak which had the the best potatoes and sauce I've had in a while.  Very good steak and the warm chocolate cake was fantastic.  I very nice option when you want a nice steak without a large crowd or all the foo-foo stuff of a uppity steak house.
2	I had read some great reviews on here so I was excited to try this place out.  We went on a Sunday night and it was pretty quiet.  After an 80 degree day, eating outside sounded perfect.  The staff were nice enough to set the tables up for us and unfortunately we arrived 3 minutes after happy hour ended.I ordered the bacon wrapped dates which were ok, very unimpressive and were just like the ones you'd find at most places now.  My husband ordered the steak sandwich, one daughter ordered salmon, one a chicken sandwich, and i ordered the spinach salad. The consensus around the table was that it was all under whelming.Maybe they didn't expect people on a Sunday night and the B team was in but the food was overseasoned or underseasoned.  The service was just ok and again, after reading some good reviews I'm not sure what happened because no one would have given the food or service five stars.Definitely not a place we'll return to but you don't know if you don't try.
2	I was craving a sandwich but at 10pm most places are closed. They don't have any Embers out in Southern California where we are from, plus they have great reviews, and they are open late, so we decided to order take out from them.I couldn't honestly say I enjoyed my meal here. It was beyond overpriced by any normal standards for what we got. Don't get me wrong, I have no problem spending extra cash if it means I'm getting quality and flavor, that's not the case here.$15 for a grilled chicken breast sandwich which advertised mozzarella cheese and pesto aioli on a roasted garlic focaccia bread, spinach, and roasted red peppers. There was a paper thin piece of melted mozzarella - seriously, there wasn't any. Pesto aioli? More like a dot of pesto oil! The sandwich and chicken was extremely dry and flavorless. Only when I actually had a bite of roasted bell pepper, was it an average sandwich. I felt really let down and robbed. $11 for a mushroom and spinach flatbread. I felt that they really skimped on the toppings since most of my bites were just dry bread pieces. I barely got any bites with truffle oil and once I did get a mushroom and spinach bite in, it was only ok... It wasn't amazing. There wasn't any body or layer of flavor, just salt. $30 for a meal that I could of gotten at a typical chain like Cheesecake Factory and had a better flavorful experience. I don't know who decided to slack that day, but it caused a first time customer reconsider ever coming back again.
2	The good:Good location to people watchThe bad:Poor food qualityMediocre serviceExtremely small portionsOverpricedThis place was probably decent a while back, but now it's a disaster. Wouldn't expect to see this place last another year.
4	We decided to try out Embers when we came across a Groupon deal shortly after moving to Las Vegas. We went for their brunch and sat outside on the patio. It was a very nice atmosphere and although it took a little longer than anticipated to get our food, my husband and I both enjoyed our breakfast choices. The prices are a little expensive for the amount of food you get but the quality is very good. I recommend snagging a Groupon if you want to try it and save yourself a couple of bucks.
3	Brunch was decent but the price is kind of expensive.  I used the groupon deal and got an omelet with bacon, spinach, cheddar and mushrooms with a side of potatoes ($15).  I also got the fruit plate ($6).  The fruit platter was small and only had small slices of watermelon and apple.  I would have been disappointed but I mentioned to my server I was allergic to apples and they returned with raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries on a larger plate.  This place is probably better know for its steaks and cocktails.  I will have to return for dinner and drinks.  In the meanwhile, the service was four to five stars.  The value for money and the wait for the food in a three quarters empty restaurant (it took about thirty minutes) is what takes my review down to three.  In the interim though, excellent attention was taken filling drinks and I enjoyed conversing with the manager and my server.
2	Stopped in yesterday sat 5:30 to meet a friend for happy hour, and when the bartender, Howard, came over and asked me what I would like to drink, I asked him if they had Blue Moon. He said no, but they did have another wheat beer similar to Blue Moon. I made the comment "I wonder why some places don't carry a beer as popular as Blue moon?', his response was 'because its not a very good beer, we do things differently here'. He said thats why we don't carry Bud Light, to which I replied 'now thats not a very good beer". His response was 'well, thats who makes Blue Moon and neither ones are good beers'. He then recommended a 'really good beer' that they carried that was brewed by a 200 year old brewery somewhere, I could not believe that I went into a so called 'nicer place' and was so insulted by the bartender the minute I got there. I asked for a beer that I really like, only to be told by the cocky bartender that they didn't carry it because it wasn't a very good beer. and that they 'do things differently here". They can do things differently all they want without me ever sitting at their bar again, and will probably never eat there again for the same reason.
4	One of our favorite Vegas restaurants. Our go-to dish is the BBQ burger! But we've had several other dishes as well and thoroughly enjoyed everything.Usually they aren't too busy and can get you in quickly. Nicely decorated, and it's fun to sit on the patio next to the fountain and all the lights. Definitely a nicer restaurant and slighty more spendy price range
5	This is a happy hour review.Hub and I had intended to go to Kona Grill for happy hour.  We had a show at the suncoast casino, and were in that neck of the woods for dinner.Yelping around, we picked Kona Grill, but when we walked in the door it was a complete zoo.  Loud music and obnoxious loud customers....which is not a problem, but not the ambiance we were looking for.I remembered around the corner was a highly rated Embers by yelpers.We came in the back door entrance and we were greeting immediately by very kind and fun waitstaff.I ordered Pinot Noir for 5 dollars (happy hour price) and hub got a Stella Artois for 4 dollars.He ordered the tandoori chicken skewers and I had the chicken carbonara flatbread.  We both LOVED our food!  The ambiance was classy and the the staff was superb!  We will without hesitation return to this great place.  Price range is very fair for quality of cuisine you get.  Happy hour, the apps were 2 dollars off, making it a better deal.  Do not miss this place if you are over in the Summerlin area.
3	The cocktails here are very good and the bartender was very attentive. I have been here a few times for drinks and this was the first time I tried the food. I got the tandoori chicken skewers and they were good, but didn't blow me away. The one thing that was hugely bothersome which is why they are not getting 4 stars is the rude signage. They have a few video poker machines at the bar, and located at each machine was a sign saying "if you are not playing do not sit here". It is common Vegas knowledge that you may be asked to move if you are not playing the machine and someone else wants to.  There were only these 2 seats left at the bar. Would they rather we had left and not had the $70 tab? That's what the sign made me think. There are nicer ways to say that the gaming comes first, "do not sit here" is pretty rude and unwelcoming.
5	In short...it was fantastic. I have access to many celebrity chef restaurants on the strip & Embers rates as high as any of them. Just delicious comfort food...and we left knowing there were many other menu items we would have ordered.A great locals spot. And very affordable.
5	I will never understand why mediocre chain restaurants are packed when they share a proximity to quality restaurants like Embers. I've visited Embers twice. On the first it was for dinner at the behest of a friend who lives locally. My friend's request wasn't just for the food (which is excellent), but because of the drink selection. It's easy in the greater Las Veegas area to find a place that does cocktails; it's hard to find a place that does them right. My gauge for expertise? Can they do a Lion's Tail and a Blood in the Sand. The fact that Embers can sets them apart. Now add a versatile menu, courteous staff, and bacon wrapped dates and Embers becomes one of my favorite restaurants in Summerlin.
5	Been passing by here for years'. Wish we had of stopped and tried it sooner!  Great service, food and atmosphere!  We will add Ember to our list of local Summerlin favorites!
4	Here for Happy Hour. Everything tasted delicious ($2 off apps) ... we ordered the dates, hummus, and mushroom spinach flatbread. For drinks, Andrea made me a boulevardier (my fav) and it was perfect.
4	Yummy! I have had the filet and buttermilk chicken, both were delicious. Restaurant is small, but the a/c is ice cold.
3	The place is nice, but had a awkward feel, uneasy. Not a fan of the food at all. The taco tasted way to burnt. The only thing good would be the dessert.
5	One of my favorite spots in Summerlin. The food is phenomenal!  The filet Benedict for brunch is worth the trip.  Veggies are always fresh, drink selection is good as well.The best part might be the service and the atmosphere. Pretty interiors!   The bartenders and servers are attentive and happy.  Plus, the owner is there most of the time and he is very appreciative of the business.  Check out bottomless mimosa brunch on Sundays.
5	My husband and I finally had a date night, and I'd been wanting a good stake for weeks. We decided to try Embers since it was close to home and their online menu seemed to have what we were looking for. I made reservations, but when we got there, noticed it really wasn't necessary.The place was smaller than I was expecting, but not too small. The atmosphere was more contemporary than most steakhouses. The hostess greeted us immediately and sat us down.  Our drinks arrived quickly, and we were ready to order. The food arrived amazingly fast, especially for a steakhouse, and everything was fresh! My steak was mouthwatering, just what I needed.I rarely do desserts, especially after a hearty meal, but their portions were perfect, and left me with just enough room. I tried their creme brulee, and was not disappointed.This is definitely our new "spot." Looking forward to our next visit!
5	One thing to say and one thing only, expect nothing but the best service, best atmosphere and best food! I ordered almost everything on the menu because I couldn't decide. The variety for each course was too tempting to not want it all! So for starters I went with the hamachi which was outstanding, the spicy tuna very different with great flavor and texture, bacon wrapped dates and bacon carbonara. I was full before my meal even came which was immediately after we were done with our apps. The filet was cooked to perfection I had never eaten sea bass before and I am hooked! Howard was our bartender and I also played some poker and hit two four of a kinds within ten minutes. He was very helpful with suggesting drinks and knew exactly what we should order! I can't wait to go back! Best dinner I've had in vegas!
5	Went there tonight for my cousin and his wife's birthday. Melissa our server was amazing and very attentive. We had a party of 7 and my sis and I are kind of a pain in the butt because we like to share a couple entrees but we like our steaks at different temperatures. She had them split the steak and cook them to both our desired temps !  All the food was delicious , from the flatbread app we had, to the wonderful Caesar salad, filet, Chilean seabass and the amazing bread pudding!   3 thumbs up !  Will definitely be back !
5	OMG best place ever - the hostess / waitress was amazing She let us order after hours Best cocktails Superb vegetarian options Great for meat eaters I'll be back tomorrow
2	Unimpressed with Embers... Frankly disappointed. The waitress was very nice. She was very attentive and friendly, if I weren't hungry and wanted great service I'd go back. The food was OK. The best part of my meal was the Happy Hour Roasted Garlic Hummus, our waitress even brought us more pita to finish it off!I ordered a Blackberry Pepino (Tequila, Honey, Jalapenos, Blackberry). It had slight spice but no balance of anything else, and pepino - that's cucumber - and it was no where to be found in the cocktail. As an appetizer, I ordered the Bellpepper Soup, when it came out I thought it was chili, not some deliciously light creamy pureed soup that I imagined in my head when I ordered it. The soup had ground beef with chucks off ill-cut bell peppers and onions, it also tasted like chili. For an entree, I ordered the Blackened Prime Flat-Iron Flank Steak (chili red potatoes, sauteed haricot verts, creole mustard Demiglace). I liked it very much however still not the best. The steak was well-prepared and the accompaniments were nice.I always say maybe it was an off day so I would try again...
4	Came in on a quiet Tuesday night and sat at the bar, however the patio overlooking the fountain looked pretty nice.  Next time I will try to sit outsideHappy hour goes til 7, so I was able to get in two specialty cocktails - the dirty girl was awesome!!Food was mediocre...  Had the "crispy beef tacos" which I thought meant beef in a crispy shell.  wrong.  The beef was in fact somehow crispy, and served in a soft wheat tortilla.  It was just okay.  Followed up with the creme brulee, which was better.  Would have been nice if it was served with some fresh berries or something, but still tasted great by itself .Atmosphere was classy and service was great, so I will be back!
5	I seriously LOVED this place!!!! The happy hour is 4-7 and it's EVERYTHING. The bacon wrapped dates were great the hummus was on point and they even had happy hour on some of the steaks! It was very delectable. Not to mention they had La Crema wine. I mean.... You can't just do a glass of that shit, you definitely want the bottle. This place is awesome. Definitely a place to try.
5	Absolutely delicious steaks and flatbreads. See Steve for a most professional dining experience. Embers is a most inviting and delicious dining experience. Experience their half price steak on Wednesdays!  Truly the best filet mignons ever, martinis are exceptional!! Do not miss this dining experience. Happy hour every day!enjoy!!
4	I really love this local place - especially in the summertime when you can eat outside. The ambiance is great. The indoor booths for 4 are a little tight however. We have been here a handful of times and have enjoyed each time. We love the hummus and flat bread options to start. The salads are delicious and their fish and chip, miso salmon, tri tip and other meals are worth a try. The service has always been fantastic too and their drinks are delicious as well. Definitely worth a try if you are local.
5	Really great spot.  Great outdoor setting as well.  Food was really great, customer service was outstanding. Great place for cocktails as well.  Bartenders were really good at their job, and crafted some amazing cocktails.
5	This evening we had bacon rapped dates, ahai tuna, chicken, hummus, bbq sliders, Mac & Cheese, all appetizers evening. Excellent service and ambiance was wonderful for a private dinning. Music was light in the background. The dinner was a quick yelp decision but, Embers is a romantic environment to slow down and enjoy a late night bite.
4	Very delicious. I had great customer service, as the staff is very attentive. And they have a great brunch and dinner selection! If in the Summerin area I definitely recommend trying them out.
4	This was a lovely, quiet spot for a happy hour. The drinks were delicious, the bar area clean, and the happy hour bites were tasty.  Although perhaps a bit pricier than other happy hours, the restaurant was very pretty and well worth a few extra dollars. We sampled the rock shrimp tempora (basically fancy popcorn shrimp, but the fried veggies in there were a tasty surprise), and the tri tip sliders. The sliders were heavy on the BBQ sauce, but the bread was delicious and the meat tender. Those were also served with skinny fries.If you want a happy hour without all of the hoopla of Kona Grill and you're in Boca Park, you may want to check out Embers!
4	We stopped by Embers to enjoy their fabulous Happy hour specials. They have a wide assortment of drinks so we started off with a dirty girl and Vesper. Both were excellent! Their bacon wrapped date appetizers were delcious. We also ordered the Miso salmon and herb roasted chicken and both were also big hits. You cannot go wrong with their menu  choices or their service.
1	We came for brunch, even with a groupon it would have been $20 for us to share eggs Benedict with 2 pancakes ( plus the $12 we paid for the groupon) Eggs Benedict came with the egg hard, common mistake so I sent it back. Pancakes came paperthin so we tried to eat like crapes. One bite in and realized it was doughy  inside.New eggs Benedict came and whites were not done and it was tasteless. Hi ho hi ho off to Mimi's  we go
4	We hit Embers twice - both times for brunch.We sampled smoked salmon benedict on butter croissant with capers and hollandaise, blueberry ricotta pancakes with blueberry compote and lemon ricotta, fried chicken and biscuits with house-made sausage gravy, and white chocolate cinnamon french toast with Grand Marnier berries, toasted granola.Food quality and presentation - all great in both sweet and savory category, leaves little room to be desired.Approved!
5	Went here last week with my wife. As visitors from out of town from San Francisco we felt very welcome. We ordered from the happy hour menu. The dates are very tasty and the beef tacos were great. But as visitors from out of town it was great to see how friendly the locals were. Other patrons gladly shared their opinions of what we should order and so forth. The bartender was was great and obvious was very familiar with nearly all the customers. Although in San francisco at a nice restaurant you can receive good customer service, in the local establishments off the strip there is a different level of service that you get. The best word I can use to describe it is sincere. We experienced this several times while off the strip and Embers was no different. Try this place out especially happy hour at the bar.
