5	A-1 Key Service was referred to me by a neighor.  Jeff came out 2 hours after my call to them.  He went above and beyond, after hours, to fix my lock problem. A-1 was also 25% less in cost than what 3 other locksmiths quoted me over the phone.  Finally, good service in this town!
5	Really, who finds their locksmith off of Yelp?  Let me tell you---great idea!  Jeff went above and beyond to deal with my lock issue.  (Including, coming back a second time, so that I could gather info before he added a lock.)  And his prices were completely reasonable. Side note: He didn't know that he had a good yelp review out there and seemed quite touched by it.
5	Two thumbs up for Jeff at A 1! I called him this morning and he was at my service by early afternoon. Jeff was very knowledgable and friendly. Good prices too!
5	I read some other reviews and thought "that's so true!  who finds a locksmith on yelp?" but I called A 1 Minute Key Service.  I had to, because all the OTHER locksmiths I called were overpriced and seemed to be all about the money, not about the service.  Jeff is a rare treat in today's business climate.  He is a professional, trustworthy, friendly guy who gives you a solid and competitive "not to exceed" quote and he sticks to the number he quotes you.  Then he points out issues that he thinks might trouble you in the future and you'll probably find yourself begging to reimburse him at least a few bucks when he offers to correct them free of charge or at a highly discounted rate.  When he left my house at about 9 pm, he was headed to TWO more jobs.  Bear in mind, he had been at it all day.  Don't bother calling anyone else, because this is the kind of guy whose business you want to support.
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers for not failing me. I just moved into a house and wanted to get all the locks changed. I called a locksmith that my realtor suggested and that guy couldn't even make an appointment. As he put it "Wednesday is too early to make an appointment for Friday. Call me Friday and I'll let you know if I can come out."Eff that! So I jump on Yelp search for locksmith and find the great reviews for Jeff.My husband called Jeff on Thursday and he gladly made an appointment for 8am on Friday. Jeff showed up on time and gave me my options and he got straight to work. He is a friendly guy and only charged $105 to change out four locks. I found his professionalism, friendliness and prices to be awesome! If I ever need a locksmith again I would call Jeff.
5	Thank goodness for Jeff!  Jeff came out at 8pm to fix another locksmith's mess.  He was very gracious and has restored my faith in customer service.  HIGHLY recommended.
5	We bought a house and wanted to get all of the locks changed, so we called Jeff he is a great guy, he came over last friday evening, and took care of everything. He even went to home depot for us to get what we needed. Prices were great!
5	Yelp comes through again!I bought a house and needed to get the locks changed, so I went with Yelpers over my realtor's recommendations. Based on the reviews, I called Jeff on a Tuesday and set up an appointment for the following Friday.Jeff was on time and friendly. He immediately popped the cores out of all my locks and re-keyed them in his van, which is sort of a mobile locksmith shop. He did seven cores in about an hour.I got to talk to Jeff quite a bit while he was working, and it's clear he's a perfectionist (in a good way) who takes a lot of pride in his craft. He double checks to make sure all your locks look nice and function properly. He's well organized, and his prices are reasonable, especially given the quality of service.Jeff also warned me about scammers who send out untrained servicemen and charge ridiculous prices for a hackneyed job. If a so-called locksmith goes to work with a drill, tell him the deal's off.
5	Jeff was great, he came out the day after I called him and did a great job. He was very clear about what he needed to do and the time he would need to do it. Also as a female I am always worried about having people come to my home for services, he made me feel very comfortable and safe...  I would recommend this company without a doubt.
3	hm. Maybe I just caught him on a bad day, but the person at the counter was not all that friendly. We literally walked out the door and started talking about how unfriendly that experience was. But the price was good, and it was very quick service. I only had a couple keys made, so I guess I didn't see the full fledged capability of this business. I'm sure I will try again someday... when I need another key.
5	Look no further! Jeff was awesome.  My husband wasn't home when Jeff came over to change our locks (he was at work - I wasn't trying to lock him out, I swear!) and I felt completely safe with Jeff in our home.  He wasn't sketchy, his prices were good, and he was on-time!
5	Jeff was very friendly and pleasant and did excellent work replacing the bolt in our door.  We would definitely recommend him!
5	I was very, very satisfied with the service and craftsmanship that I received from Jeff at A 1 Minute Key Service. He arrived on time and went above and beyond to accommodate my specific situation (he even delivered my new keys to me at my daughter's doctors office!!!).The prices are very reasonable and I look forward to referring him to clients, friends, family and fellow Yelpers. Good job Jeff and thank you A 1 Minute Key Service!
5	I've used a few locksmiths in the past and all have been acceptable but that's about it.  Jeff, on the other hand, effin ROCKS!  I called him to rekey all of the locks in my house on a Saturday afternoon.  He agrees to come over in an hour and a half.  Same rate on weekends as during the week.  He was running 15 minutes late and called me prior to let me know.  Courtesy goes a long ways with me so I am liking this guy already.  Jeff shows up at 2:45PM and is ready to roll.  I have Baldwin deadbolt locks that key on both sides.  They are a bit sensitive to say the least.  9 locks and 6 keys and 10% discount for mentioning Yelp.  One lock is really old and he made it work after spending an extra hour on it for no additional charge.  He cares that the work is done right and the customer is happy.  He makes your keys on site and they all work perfectly.  Extremely nice person, exceptional service, great skills and he will treat you right.  Thanks Jeff!
5	I just got our house today and scheduled a same day appointment with Jeff. I was very excited. It was a great experience. He is very patient, skillful and efficient. He is willing to go one mile further to help the customer. For example, he unlocked two locks for me for free. He helped me check the AC unit. He also help me check the door frame which was damaged. Besides, he charges a very reasonable price. I am very impressed by his service. So I highly recommend him if you are looking for a locksmith.
5	We needed new locks on our business, and I'm so glad we called Jeff.  On-time, extremely professional, and very friendly.  He was able to re-key all three doors, make us as many keys as he wanted (right from his van), and even did a little repair work on the door to get it to lock correctly.All this in about an hour and for a very reasonable price!  Thanks, Jeff!!!
5	Amazing attention to detail and all around likable guy!  I'd recommend Jeff to anyone!
5	I 'm so glad I called this guy. Jeff showed up within a couple of hours of my call. He was able to figure out exactly what was wrong with my lock after asking me a few questions over the phone. Plus, he gave me a rough estimate of what it would cost to fix it over the phone.When he arrived, he was friendly and got right to work. My front door handle and dead bolt were good as new within 30 minutes and he charged me fairly (same as he guessed over the phone).
5	I decided to call Jeff after seeing the reviews on yelp, and I must say-they are all well deserved.  He arrived on time, was very friendly and professional and made sure I was comfortable with the new set-up.  I even had him do a couple of last minute extra things, and he didn't even blink an eye.  Hiring a locksmith can be a little scary, and I was happy that I chose Jeff and his company.  I will be sure to call him again if I ever need a locksmith.  Thank you Jeff.
5	We recently had Jeff come back out to add a strike plate for our antique brass door handle.He let us know 24 hours in advance that he needed to move the appointment time (I love advance notice!).While at the house, he noticed that the old door handle would stay latched unless you pressed the unlock button.  (I love attention to detail!)  He rekeyed the lock for us on the antique handle as well, thus saving my 5'3" self a climb over the back gate to get in the back door.  ( I DO NOT love scaling walls!)Jeff's prices are very reasonable, and you can't beat the quality of his work!!Thanks, Jeff!
5	knowledgeable guys, greta service and work!
5	Did a fantastic job putting in new deadbolts and re-keying all the locks in my new home. They even made different levels of security (house and outdoor gates), just like we requested. Jeff made sure all the doors were functioning properly and he is prideful of his work. What more could you ask for! This a a great local company that I highly recommend.
5	Absolutely excellent service!  I highly recommend.Jeff showed up when he said he would (actually he was 10 min early) and went right to work rekeying all of my locks.  He was fast, friendly, professional, and his prices were fair. What I really appreciated (and what I think went above and beyond the call of duty for him), was that he noticed my back door was sticking and it made the door hard to lock.  I had to slam it (really hard) in order to be able to lock it.  He noticed this and asked me if I wanted him to fix it for me (YAYYYYYYY!!!)  of course I did!! (I have no fix it skills)  I had this evil sticking door for a very long time and he fixed it in about 10 minutes.  He didn't charge me extra to do this, he just noticed it needed to be done and he did it.  Freaking awesome!He has a 10% discount deal on yelp if I mentioned that I saw him on yelp.  There was no way I was going to ask for or bring up a 10% discount after he fixed that back door but he asked me where I heard of him and I told him yelp.  He said you get a 10% discount.  I said that wasn't necessary but he gave it to me anyway.You can tell when someone takes pride in what they do and this guy is the real deal.
5	Used this co. Today because of all the great reviews. They did a wonderful job. Will use agin.
5	These guys have done all kinds of work for me over the years: re-keying old house to making spare keys. Very knowledgeable, professional and reasonably priced.
5	Came out on a holiday, was super friendly, and didn't rip me off!  What more could a girl ask for?! I highly recommend you use them for your locksmith needs.
1	Like the other reviewer said, if you show up to the actual shop you'll be attended by a jerk. Next time I will just have the van come out to me instead of going to the actual store. I don't know what is wrong with that guy. Stay away from the store.
5	Just moved into a new house, and used Yelp to find a trusted locksmith.  The reviews are correct!  Jeff was fantastic.  He called twice to let me know his exact arrival time, was quick and worked to save me money.  And he even mentioned the 10% off discount!  It was truly a pleasure, and I know not only will I go to him in the future, but I will recommend him to friends and family.  Thank you Jeff!!!
5	I read the reviews on Yelp for Jeff at A-1 Minute Key Service Locksmith.  I am so glad I read the nice reviews because I called him yesterday regarding a problem I had with my deadbolt.  He arranged to come out today, promptly at the time he said he would.  He looked at the deadbolt and got right to work on fixing the problem.  He made me some new keys in addition to repairing the deadbolt.  He was efficient and made sure everything worked for me.  He was finished quickly.  I was impressed with his skill and his price!  He is an all around nice person who takes pride in what he does.  I recommend him if you are looking for a locksmith.
5	Jeff did an excellent job and was very friendly and helpful during the entire process.  He went above and beyond what I would expect and his price was more than reasonable.  I would recommend his service to anyone.
5	WOW, I have a rental in Phoenix and needed to have doors re-keyed.  Jeff answered immediately, returned phone calls promptly and made a  service appt the next day.  His rates were very reasonable.  He also fixed door knobs in an 80 year old house that I thought were going to cost a fortune to fix.  HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend A-1 key service.   Honest, good work and low-rates.
5	I recently purchased a foreclosed home and wanted to make sure all the locks were changed. I called Jeff last Thursday to see if he could swing by on Saturday while I was moving in. I thought He would have no problem re-keying about 10 locks. Of course none of the locks were of the standard variety and Jeff had to put a lot more time in than he planned. If you need help with locks, Jeff is the guy! He's very personable, knows his business and does quality work! Thanks for your help Jeff.
5	Lock is failing and these guys came by and said they would rather I just take the lock back to home depot than charge me anything. This is the type of service that everyone should offer. I highly recommend calling them for any locksmith needs.
5	Jeff cut back the Christmas light install with his kids, tore himself from the Cardinals/Cowboys (Go Cards!) game and came to our place to do a Sunday evening re-key for a shed with lost keys.  About 75 minutes, as promised, before arriving just before dusk.  Completed the work in the dark.  He also monogrammed the new keys with the shed's initials.  Nice.  He said he gets several calls a week from Yelp*ers.  Go Yelp*!
5	I would highly recommend Jeff of A-1 Minute Key Service.  After finding him on Yelp, I hired him to change my locks after tenants moved out of my property.  Jeff suggested that instead of replacing the locks, he could re-key them instead.  This would have the same effect on safety without the added cost of brand new locks.  In addition, Jeff met me at 6pm which was very accomodating of my work schedule.
5	After a hellish series of holiday travel misadventures I arrived back in Phoenix and realized I had left my house keys in Iowa. Jeff was fantastic! He came out to my home, let me in and made me a new set of keys in less than 30 minutes. He provides such a great service! I hope no one ever finds themselves in that situation but if you do I would recommend Jeff 100%!
5	After a potential break-in last night I stayed home today to have my locks rekeyed. I found all of the reviews on Yelp about Jeff and A 1 Minute Key Service and chose him over the others listed on the To-Fix-It website. I can't say enough kind words about him and his work ethic! He spent way more time than he should have (almost four hours!!) ensuring every lock and every door in my rental home was working and that I was happy with the result. He even noticed where the break-in happened which the non-comforting police officer failed to do. He ensured that lock was safe and double-checked all of the other dead bolts. He even had his friend (who is also his competitor) stop by to help with the efforts of all 19 of my locks. A special thanks to Todd from Alcatraz locksmith company for boosting the efforts. Jeff's prices were incredibly fair, he didn't charge me any extra for all of the extra time and labor and he gave me 10% off for finding him on Yelp. What's funny is he said he doesn't even go on the internet very much and had no idea he had such a following. I signed up with Yelp just to write this post. I only wish I had to use a locksmith more or that he was in the coffee making industry so that I could utilize his services more often. Stellar work!
5	Great experience!  I was motivated to change the locks on my house when my purse (containing all of my keys and address) was stolen.  Jeff was here in a couple of hours and swiftly switched the locks.  He was highly professional and took care to test the way the lock turned over in the door once he was finished, showing me what he was talking about. This is the only guy I'm going to call for any future locksmithing needs.
5	This was my first time ever losing my car keys and I didnt know where to turn.  Frustration abounds.  I checked out yelp find lockmiths in my area and saw that A 1 Minute Key Service has a 5 star rating.  Let me tell you that they have this rating for a reason.  Extremely professional courteous, timely and also HALF the price of what my insurance company quoted me for a locksmith to come out.  If I ever need a locksmith again (knock on wood)...I will call A 1 without a second thought.  Thank you!
5	I have to give another yelp out to Jeff and A 1 Minute Key Service. Jeff changed out my locks earlier this year (see previous review) and I recently needed his services again. I locked my keys in the house on a Saturday while my husband and I were outside. Jeff was on his way to another call and then came straight over. He let us in and even fixed a lock that had been sticking due to the warming weather while he was at it. I can't say enough great things about him and his services. He's the only locksmith you'll ever need.
5	Absolutely, "woo-hoo, as good as it gets," but Jeff deserves more than five stars--I'd say no fewer than 10. He saved us a good chunk of money, completed the work like a true perfectionist who places the highest value on customer service and satisfaction, and made me laugh. Really, it doesn't get better than that.We needed a keyed lock installed on an old Arcadia door, and other locksmiths I spoke with gave me the impression that our only option was replacing the existing handset. Jeff, however, said he'd have to see the door before he could recommend a solution. Well, he looked at it and said that all we needed was a keyed cylinder added to the existing handset, saving us money on both time and materials. Even though the retrofit, because of the door's age and the condition of the door frame and track, took longer than he'd originally estimated, Jeff didn't charge more and worked through the challenges patiently and persistently and with good humor, and he taught me everything about the door and the lock that he could along the way. The new keyed lock looks and works great--and I now know how to clean an Arcadia door's track.  More and even bigger thanks to you, Jeff! And thank you to all of the previous Yelpers for making me aware of A1 Minute Key Service. We have found our locksmith (woo-hoo, indeed)!
5	Very simply Jeff is THE MAN...I had probably the smallest job...replace a mailbox lock..Jeff said there were no small jobs..came out and replaced the lock lightening fast.  If you ever have the need for a locksmith use JEFF! Spread the word and if you get great service help Jeff by posting your positive review. The guy is awesome!
5	Jeff was great. We are incredibly impressed - couldn't be happier. Definitely use this service provider.
5	Awesome service, Jeff drove clear across Phoenix to meet last minute and cut a new key for multiple keys that I had lost, and help me get into my car.
5	I am an out of state Landlord and needed a locksmith on a Sunday night.  Jeff was at the property in 20 minutes and took care of everything in a fast, professional manner.  Fair price and excellent service.  Highly recommended.
5	What a great experience! After struggling to find a legitimate locksmith in my area, I found A-1 Minute on Yelp and it was the only place that had tons of great ratings. Just like so many of his ratings say, Jeff is a very conscientious and knowledgeable locksmith who does quick, reasonably priced, and quality work. I called around noon and he came over that evening (all the way across town from east Phoenix to Goodyear after two long jobs). The lock couldn't be fixed, so he put in a new one, then, knocked 50% off his standard labor charge, just so he could stay within his earlier estimate!!! It was after 9:00 when he finished, but he doesn't charge extra for night calls. Awesome! He made a point of meeting my family and we all had a nice chat before he left. Eddie, our little terrier loved him, too. :)If you need a locksmith, call Jeff at A-1Minute Key Service. You won't regret it!
5	After recommending A1 Minute Key Service to a co-worker today, I found that I had incorrectly posted my review last July to A1 Locksmith Service instead of A1 Minute Key Service!  My apologies.  I have since deleted the review I put there and wanted to make sure this got to the right place.  Side note:  apparently there are Jeff's a both places, but this is the RIGHT Jeff!My review from July 2011.....Jeff was great!  I called in the afternoon and he was able to come out and meet me at my house that evening at 6:30 with no extra charge!  He changed all of the locks in my house and even changed out a handle to make it match the rest.  Would definitely recommend!
5	I was recommended to Jeff  by a co-worker. Erika was right. Jeff was courteous, fair and honest. He had a great solution to an issue we had and offered ways for me to save money. I received a quote from another company that was about double Jeff's rate. High quality service and friendly. Perfect!
5	I have had the pleasure of using Jeff's skilled services for over four years.  As the manager of 60 unit apartment complex we always have the need for a good locksmith, I was lucky right from the start and Jeff and A-1 Minute Key Service has been the only locksmith I have ever used.  Jeff has the ability to make you feel like your his only customer and always gets the job done on time when he says it will be done.  His prices are more than fair considering the level of service he performs. Just wanted to tip my hat to a small businessman who gets it done. Thanks jeff
5	Jeff is a real breath of fresh air. Very professional, really nice and very reasonable. He re-keyed my entire house, Changed out latches, bolts and put in a new deadbolt that he went out to find to match my door. He was here for quite a while, and he really wanted to make sure that all of the doors worked correctly and smoothly. He is really amazing. I wish all of my service contractors were like Jeff! Thank you Jeff!!!!!
5	Really nice guy!!! was able to help me right over the phone. recommended to me what was cheaper. thanks!
5	After reading reviews here, I used A-1 to rekey my new house.   Jeff was AWESOME!  He called about an hour ahead of our appointment to let me know he was on his way, and arrived right on time.  He was fun to deal with, very efficient, and took great care of my lock needs.  I HIGHLY recommend Jeff!!!!
5	I turned to A1 Minute Key Service when I needed to re-key my new house. Jeff was great, speedy and sincerely concerned about doing a good job. I found them through Yelp and glad people were exceptionally telling of what a great company.
5	Jeff rocks super friendly even in the heat! Don't wait for post office to fix your mailbox just call Jeff!
5	Yelp comes through again.Just bought a house and needed the locks changed. I never knew you could re-key locks, I always thought you just buy new ones from Lowes, but happily there was an option. When I searched Yelp to see who looked good, one company was miles above the rest. A 1 Minute Key Service was the highest rated. I noticed that many of the reviews were from people with only 1-3 reviews, which in the Yelp world, doesn't always mean they are legit. After meeting Jeff and having work done, what I now realize is that these are people who aren't on Yelp, but liked Jeff so much they joined JUST to do a review about it.After doing my research I called Jeff to make an appointment. Jeff is the owner and master locksmith, and he answers the phone directly. He answered my numerous questions, and had a very nice, laid back way about him. I made an appointment for him to come out on Saturday, the day after I moved into my new home.I moved into my home Friday night, and while I was bringing in boxes, the door to the home swung shut as I went back to get more boxes. As I walked back to the door I noticed that the bottom lock was locked. Ugh, annoying- grab my key and unlock it. Oh shit. My key (the ONLY key I got) was on the kitchen counter top, and I was locked outside. I tried every door, and sure enough- I was locked out of my house, on the first night, at 10:30pm. Pretty much I was screwed. Oh yah, also my phone was inside and I had no way to reach anyone, and I don't know about you- but I don't have ANY of my numbers memorized.I went to my neighbors house (Hi, I just met you, now I am locked out- may I use your phone? Ugh.) and used the phone. I asked my kind neighbor to pull up the number for A 1 Minute Key Service, and I called Jeff. Jeff answered and was so nice, and kind of laughed and said he would be out to help me within 40 minutes. As a new homeowner, I was really worried about how much this was going to cost me, but then again- what choice did I have?Jeff showed up and was just great. He got me into my home in a matter of minutes, and could not have been nicer. He kept reassuring me that there are much worse things that have happened than what I did, although I felt really dumb.The most amazing part is the price. Jeff told me, "You know what, I'm already coming out tomorrow- let's call this part of that service." I was BLOWN away by that act of kindness.The next day Jeff showed up as promised and changed out all the locks. He was professional, fast, and explained everything. I  cannot recommend him enough- he is amazing and it's so cool that someone is so great at his trade. Do yourself a favor, and put his number in your phone- you'll need it eventually.
5	Recently moved into a new house (new to me) and needed the locks re-keyed.  Called four different businesses, and A 1 Minute Key Service had not only the best price but also the most flexibility - Jeff was willing to work after hours if needed at no extra charge.  Although A 1 isn't listed with the BBB, I decided to give them a try based on the high number of recent positive reviews, and am glad I did.  Jeff not only disassembled, cleaned/lubed, and re-keyed all of the lock assemblies, he also fixed a few problems that were the result of the previous installer's poor workmanship.  Jeff takes pride in the quality of his work, which is an attribute in short supply these days.  I've put A 1's number into my phone under "Locksmith" - in case I ever need one again, they're the ones I'm calling.
5	Jeff rocks!  He re-keyed our whole house (same day service) and adjusted our doors that weren't latching.  The fees were super reasonable. Jeff is a very professional and nice man.A+!!!  We highly recommend him.
5	This business is great in a crisis, I lost my car keys and had a million things planned for the day. One including taking family to the airport, I called and told them my story and they made very fast arrangements due my crisis and came right out. If your having a car key made ask for Todd and they will do awesome work. Great business and very understanding!!
5	I own a small restaurant and recently, while out of town, I had reason to need all of my locks re-keyed and several padlocks replaced.  I called Jeff from 3000 miles away and he was at my business within a few hours.  He prformed everything I asked of him and did so in a very professional manner (according to my staff) with no disruption of business or disturbance of my guests.  When I needed to call him back for one or two minor details he responded immediately.I highly recommend Jeff's services.
5	This is why I love Yelp!Lost the key to our front door so I looked on yelp because I had no clue who to call and found this place and couldn't be happier! We called Jeff and he was at our house in 5 min! He was really friendly, was done in less then 15 min, and he charged us practically nothing! I will be recommending him to everyone! I found me a locksmith for life!
5	Simply superbWith a new house come many locks to change to be safe.  Looked up the best-rated locksmiths on Yelp and called the top three.  Two made is sound like grief to come to the West Valley.  Fortunately, Jeff was a real pro and set a time with us.We were very impressed.  He stayed true to his estimate, was fast, made us extra keys, labeled sets, and even did extra work to ensure the bolt lock was flush on a back door to make sure it locked correctly.  Jeff communicates well, follows through, and had very fair charges.  He even interacted well with our curious little girl.  She's usually very wary of visitors.We are sticking with him as our locksmith...
5	Jeff is a sweet buttercup of an angel. Just moved into a condo 2k from my parent's safe haven home. Jeff came over, met my very loving and very protective mother. He installed a new deadbolt, installed a pretty nifty deadbolt system on my two sliding doors, locks on my windows, and on my gate. His pricing was beyond reasonable, even offering cost saving alternatives. When all was said and done, he announced to my worried dear of a mother that he would feel comfortable with his own daughter staying here. So thank you Jeff, you're a life saver!
5	Called mid day on a Sunday and Jeff was out in a couple hours. Great service and pleasant people. Jeff knows what he is doing and will explain it in layman's terms. You will not be up sold and Jeff will actually make suggestions to save you money. You wont go wrong with A 1.Jeff does like to be called "Buttercup"... jk ... but seriously, call him buttercup.
5	I had a situation where a break-in also took my spare set of keys to my whole house and pool house. Jeff was able to come out and change over everything the same day.He also did great work adjusting all my locks and doors to work properly.I don't forget people who do great work. Thanks Jeff
5	Jeff arrived with his son to my home on a Sunday morning very soon after my call. He was friendly, and he was teaching his son a bit of the tools of the trade. His son actually opened the lock (in under 15 seconds, using manual lock picking tools.) The price was fair ($50), the time from call to arrival quick, and the general service was great. Jeff owns the business, he's the one that takes your call, is the one who shows up, and is the one who does the work. He even made me a new key, right on the spot, for free. A great guy, and I will recommend him to anyone that asks.
5	Wow Jeff spared me from being ripped off on an easy car lockout. He was at my house within minutes. Drove me nearby to my car. He even taught me how to open my car door by letting me use his equipment.  He's awesome and you deal directly with him.
5	Jeff is the man. I'm actually sort of ashamed it's taken me so long to write this review, considering just how helpful Jeff has been to me over the last year. Let me set the scene: I had an ex boyfriend with a special affinity for firearms. He moved out of my place on a Saturday, I returned home on a Sunday and decided I didn't want to sleep even one night without having the locks changed. I went to Yelp, found Jeff, and he was able to come out on that very Sunday without even charging me an after hours fee (what!?). He brought his son with him, who was also very helpful. He changed the locks, and gave me advice on how to further safe - proof my place, as my front doors are double doors and easy to kick in. I decided to take him up on his offer to install a double deadbolt on my front door, he came out later that week this time with his uncle (again, helpful, friendly) and put in the second lock. When it comes to locksmiths, sad to say it's a concern over who is coming into your home and messing with your locks. It was a comfort to work with Jeff, and additionally beneficial to feel like he was genuinely concerned over my safety (recommending the additional deadbolt and giving me a business card for an in home security contact of his.) Now fast forward months later: I have a roommate who decides to move out and back home unexpectedly. So I call Jeff, his number programmed into my phone at this point. "HEYYY SYDNEY HOW'S IT GOIN'?", totally remembered me, and was able to schedule me in for next day lock change. All in all, I'm just super impressed. His pricing is beyond reasonable (at times I was worried he was forgetting to charge me for something), he is a master at his craft, always on time, and with a smile.
5	I have used Jeff twice now, and I would highly recommend him. He genuinely remembers who you are. He is extremely helpful and goes the extra mile to fix things, (my front door did not latch correctly on both locks and he fixed them as part of the re-keying service he carried out). He is friendly and professional and really cares about his customers. He does a great job, his prices are reasonable and he is able to schedule super quick! I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone and if I needed a locksmith again I would certainly use A1 Minute Key Service!
5	We recently moved and had Jeff re-key the whole house. He not only did an excellent job with that. but also adivsed us on some changes to the lock setup that made a lot of sense and will add to the home's security. We really appreciate his professionalism and high quality service. I highly recommend Jeff to anyone needing quality locksmith work.
5	Jeff the owner is very professional, punctual, thorough.  Used him twice now for our new home that was burglarized and our existing one for sale.
5	Jeff and his team just left our house after spending hours re-keying our ancient locks and installing a new deadbolt and doorknob in our back door.  It was a huge undertaking and they did a fantastic job! We had 8 sets of doors, 2 of which we never had keys for, so he had to pick the locks.  He was very reasonable and an honest guy...and a super nice guy, as well! He worked to get us the best rate possible. I would completely recommend him and will definitely use him again should the need arise again.
5	I needed new keys for my front security door. In addition, both my front and back doors were uneven due to heat/warp.I went to Yelp. I first called a business that's since closed. Then I called A1. Jeff was busy, but took my number and called me back within a half-hour.Since I wasn't in an emergency situation, he came the next day. As promised, he called a 1/2 hour before arrival. He charged me exactly what he told me to expect and the work was excellent.I highly recommend this business.
5	I found Jeff on Yelp. I  closed escrow on my house on Friday, and moved in on a Saturday. My agent recommended I have the locks changed on the doors, since we didn't know who had access to the keys so I called Jeff on Thursday, 1 day before closing. He explained to me it is $10 a cylinder, and that he would tell me how many cylinders I had so I would know the exact price. Jeff came on time in the window I requested with his Son and another gentleman. They were practically running they moved so fast. They fixed the locks, cut me 5 new keys and charged me  within 15 minutes. The price was very reasonable. I will def call Jeff if I need another locksmith. .
5	My husband and I just purchased our home and the very first thing we did was to rekeying or changing the lock.  We found Jeff from A 1 Minute Key Service and he came within 2 days to do the job.  He was very professional and honest; he reduced the fee due to miscommunication on our location.Jeff and mike, his son, rekeyed 5 locks, put in a new one and make us copies for the keys.  They completed the job less than 2 hours.  Jeff was able to 'combine'  and reduce 4 different sets up keys into 2.  The price was very reasonable.We are very satisfy with the customer service and definitely recommend A 1 Minute Key Service.
5	Called Jeff this morning after getting a TOTAL OUTREGEOUS estimate from another service.  Jeff arrived just when he said that he would.  He was prompt, prfessional and a super nice guy.  Did the work plus more with VERY fair and reasonable rates.  I WOULD RECOMMEND JEFF VERY HIGHLY.  He is extremely HONEST and Fair.  A TERRIFIC GENTLEMAN.  Thank you Jeff.Paul and Rob
5	I just bought a home and needed a lot of cylinders changed out.  Jeff came the next day and did the job fast.  Thanks a lot.  Great business
5	Best locksmith I have ever dealt with. Not just there to install locks, but also to make sure your home is as safe possible. Will not hesitate to use again.
5	Great customer service!!Friendly explained all charges when I called to set up the appt. I was rekeying my house he was able to meet me that day and called to let me know he'd be a little late.After I lost my receipt called Jeff and he emailed it to me.I would definitely recommend and call him in the future!!Thx Jeff
5	Like a dumb ass, I locked myself out of the house recently.  Not knowing who to call I looked on Yelp and found A1.  So glad I did!  Jeff was the best.  Came right over and had me back in my place in less than 20 minutes.  Great service and price!  Totally recommend!!!
5	Very happy with the service I received from Jeff.  Professional and thorough.
5	Great customer service! We just moved into our new house and first thing we needed done after the painter and contractor for the floors were done was to get new locks. Jeff was on time and worked quickly and efficiently. I would recommend him to anyone without hesitation.
5	Spoke with Jeff a few hours ago and now I have 4 new locks.  Not only did I get excellent locksmithing (if that's a thing) he also fixed my door that's been misaligned for the past few years!  Would highly recommend.
5	Super fast, friendly, and most affordable. Locked my keys in my car! $40 bucks cash add $10 if you're paying with plastic. Received receipt in email as promised, and credit card was charged accurately. Number saved- as I tend to lock my keys in my car approximately four times a year!
5	I needed all outside doors in my home rekeyed and found A1 on Yelp. I was almost suspicious of all of the glowing 5-star reviews, but it is legit. Jeff is very courteous and professional. I called on a Monday and he gave me a half-hour window when he could arrive at my house on Wednesday. He called on his way there and arrived by the designated time. He told me the cost in advance, which seemed very reasonable for the amount of time he spent rekeying everything. He was very personable and friendly. He also took extra time and effort to handle a few other issues - i.e. making an adjustment to a door so the lock would close more smoothly, tightening the brace that holds the screen door open, oiling the locks. He did not charge for these services, he just seemed interested in doing a great job and leaving my doors and locks in better shape than he found them. Very service oriented, efficient, and professional. I would recommend him absolutely.
5	I lost my key during my weekend trip and realised at the middle of the night while returning. Found Jeff in Yelp and spoke to him. He was on time even at 12:00 AM Monday. I was really impressed by his work ethic. My lock was smart lock so he had to drill it and open the apartment for me. all together it was a great service. i really appreciate him coming late at night and helping me out. Thanks Jeff. Thanks Yelp.
5	I was skeptical about all the great Yelp reviews -- I mean really, we're talking about a locksmith here -- but it's all true!  I needed all my locks re-keyed so a single key could open front, garage, side, and back doors.  Jeff came out the same day -- arrived on time -- and delivered the goods at a very reasonable price.  Even though one of the existing locks had a different length of key (6-pin vs 5-pin) he was able to key it the same as the others.Great service, and probably cost the same or less than buying all new matching deadbolts at the hardware store, not to mention the time I would have spent installing them all.Besides all of that, Jeff is a really nice guy and I enjoyed meeting him.  Definitely will call him again next time I need a locksmith.
5	Have been using Jeff for years! Always on time and goes above and beyond the call of duty! Wouldn't call anyone else!
5	Thank you to the Yelpers for helping me find a reliable, quick, and affordable locksmith. I hired a guy a few years ago who took four times as long and charged me three times the price.  Jeff did excellent work and he's got a great sense of humor. I might have to find a reason to have some more locks changed just so I can hire him again.  He was having an off day and showed up late, which according to other yelpers has never happened before, but he was very apologetic and he was grateful that he still had the job. I was happy to be flexible about it because we are humans. Jeff is a hard working guy and I feel much better knowing that my doors will now lock. :) Thanks Jeff!  -- "Emily" (aka Joanna).
5	I thought I had done a review for Jeff the first time I used him more than a year ago. To my disappointment, I realized I must have forgotten to go back and write it (I originally found him on Yelp). I've just used him again to rekey my whole house, and there are not enough nice things I could say about his service, timing, execution - he's just fantastic! Not only has he showed up on weekends for no additional charge, both times I've used him, he has just gone above and beyond my expectations. Outside of being a great locksmith, he genuinely seems like a nice, caring person. He also has what I think are VERY reasonable prices, and it's a no nonsense process. I couldn't beat his cost on a Saturday afternoon to change the locks myself. I will definitely use him for any future needs, and I have already recommended him to several friends.
5	I had the misfortune of having a bike thief using his bike lock to lock my road bike down to a bike post. And i did not have the tools to yank it open. And Jeff came by and get it out for me. He is such a friendly guy. Gave me a good price too. Thank you Jeff.
5	Jeff and his team do a fantastic job! Great customer service, very reasonable pricing, and great execution of work. Would Highly Recommend!
5	We *tried* to change our own locks when we moved into our new house. When we failed, he came over right away and fixed our broken lock. It's kind of like when you have to go to the real haircutters after you butcher your own hair. Came in half an hour and fixed it a half an hour after that. A job well done!
5	Jeff is the Michael Jordan of locksmiths.   He has masterful moves, super "lock-vision", and my hero. After my many agonizing trips to Home Depot to re-key the locks, Jeff obliterated the opposition (the lock?).  It just took a phone call and he was at my house 30 minutes later.  He was thorough, friendly and knew what he was doing.He takes cash, checks or credit cards and a "lock" for the locksmith Hall of Fame.
5	Jeff did a great job. He arrived in the window we discussed and finished four doors in about an hour. The price was extremely fair, and we will be recommending his service to other people who need a competent and efficient locksmith in the future.
5	Jeff earns his 5 star review. He is the example of professionalism. I called on Wednesday. He was more than willing to come out that same day. But I made an appointment for Thursday. He was on time and called before coming over. He also told me how much it was going to be before he even came out.I would easily use Jeff again and would highly recommend him.
5	Great service for a seriously great deal!! Last time I locked myself out of my car I got scammed by a company who charged me nearly $200 for a 10 minute job! This company his high ethics and morals and the guy who came out to help was really friendly and upfront about the cost (1/4th of what other businesses would charge.)If I ever need locks switched or get locked out again, they'll have my lifetime business!
5	After purchasing a new home closer to work, I knew I had to use Jeff's services again to re-key all the locks.  His service was fantastic 2 years ago, and is still just as outstanding today!  He arrived right on time (it was moving day and I must admit that I'd forgotten about our appointment that afternoon), and promptly went to work re-keying our locks.  He finished all the locks quickly, and the work was done at a VERY reasonable price!  I will certainly use A 1 Minute Key again and again!
5	Jeff really doesn't need one more 5-star review, but here goes...I didn't even think about changing my locks until I've lived in my house for a few days and realizing other people might have those same keys. Not the most comforting thought. So I took a spin in Lowes whereupon I discovered that replacing my current good-looking locks will cost me 36 each...not the most affordable option. Plus there was one deadbolt I could not get off of the door without possibly destroying the door and/or my hands.Enter Jeff. I called him and he actually told me it would be cheaper for me to take the locks to the hardware store for rekeying. He actually wanted to save me money! But that option was closed to me since all my stuff was in the house. Jeff provided me an honest quote over the phone based on what I needed done, and came out that very evening. He was professional, courteous, and humorous at the same time so I never felt uncomfortable in the slightest. Not only did he provide me with rekeyed locks that were impossible to pick (his words), but he also tightened my door hinges and sanded down some parts so that all locks engaged smoothly. At no extra charge! The total bill was less than half of replacing all the locks myself. Jeff is my go-to guy if I ever need a locksmith again.
5	I've only had to call a couple other locksmiths before, but from now on Jeff is the only one I'll be using.  He's really as good as all the reviews claim.  He was professional, friendly, honest, great with my dog (who thinks everyone that comes over came to see her) and saved me a ton of money.  I am at a loss for words trying to describe how great my experience was.  Just trust all the reviews and call him.
5	Based on the reviews here, I called Jeff and he was able to meet me in the far west valley a few hours later.  I only needed some minor work done, but the service was professional, punctual, friendly, and priced fairly. What more can you ask for? If you need a locksmith, call A 1/Jeff!!
5	First things first, Jeff is amazing! He is sweet, polite and funny from the first conversation!  He quoted me over the phone exactly what I paid in the end, no hidden fees or over price like other companies would have! He came out the same afternoon I called and rekeyed my new house for my piece of mind after closing on the house earlier that same day. I will only ever call Jeff and recommend him to everyone!
5	We used A1 a few weeks ago on the recommendation of our realtor after we purchased a new home.  We called the morning we closed and didn't expect to get an appt for a few days but they were able to get to us that same day.  Craig arrived and was very helpful in re-keying our door locks and getting us down to just 2 keys.  He also made extra keys for us on the spot.  Very reasonably priced and convenient.  Would definitely recommend A1 Minute Key Service to our friends and family.
5	This company is awesome! Our service guy was Craig - which is a subcontractor of Jeff- and he was amazing! He truly gave great customer support and helped us with every aspect we needed! I used this company based on everyone else's great reviews and had to, too share their recommendation with others! I recommend this company above any others!
5	Amazing service!!!! Jim was awesome! He was literally at my house in less than two minutes because he was in the neighborhood! He got in my door right away and even made me keys! I love these guys and recommend them to anyone!
5	I read a previous customer described this saint as the "Michael Jordan of locksmiths."  I had worked the night shift, was dead tired after 12 hours of work, it was 7.30 AM, and my key snapped for no damn reason.  I couldn't find the landlord and didn't have a spare.  Not only did Jeff quote me up front (something other companies couldn't do), his price was at least 50-75% cheaper than these other scam artists charge.  He showed up at the exact time he said he would and worked efficiently.  If I could give him 100 stars out of 5, I would.Clutch,  just like the original #23.
5	Amazing service! Unfortunately I had to have the locks changed on my salon today. I called at 2:30 and Jeff was at the salon by 5:30. He was quick,  super nice and the price was actually lower than the quote!
5	Jeff is superior.  I got this reference from a friend who used Yelp to find him.  He was able to come out and help me the next day and his price was very affordable.  He really took care of me quickly and didn't upcharge me at all.  In addition, he is very personable and I enjoyed talking to him while he changed the locks.  He will get my business as long as I live in AZ.  He's the best!
5	Same day appointment. Prompt, affordable and honest. After all the nasty stories I heard about locksmith. Thankful I called this guy! Will turn to him for future rekey needs.
5	Locked myself out AGAIN! And yet again, words can't express how thankful I am to have found an honest, kind and efficient locksmith! They even offered me water because I had been out in the hot sun! HIGHLY RECOMMEND their services. You won't regret it- they're a hard working & honest locksmith!
5	Super Fast!!About a year ago had the keys changed in my rental and also fixed some deadbolts.  Prompt, reasonably priced.  No big deal.  However, last month, my tenant in Maricopa called, the garage deadbolt was stuck and she could not get to her car.  I texted her the number of A1 (I was just beginning a two hour meeting) and by the end of my meeting the repair was done.  I never even left the meeting!! Now that is service!!!!
5	Highly recommend!  Our business front door lock was broken.  We were in jeopardy of the building being left unlocked over the weekend.  A 1 Minute key service was our hero!  Within an hour of my call Jeff had Craig onsite and the lock fixed!    Thank you so much!
5	Fast, friendly, fun, affordable. Jeff was out with his son in 15minutes. It was a blast watching them work. They got our business moving forward! Thanks Guy!
5	Just bought a new house in Avondale and Jeff came all the way out here to change y locks for me. He was on time and extremely friendly. Gave his prices straight off the bat and worked extremely quickly. Will be using him anytime I need a locksmith.
5	Just moved into a new (previously-owned) house and the first order of business was to have the locks changed.  Jeff came out the same day, re-keyed 6 locks, and replaced a deadbolt during the time it took for me to eat lunch.  Awesome service and Jeff is now my go-to locksmith from here on out!
5	Called Jeff to inquire about my options on re-keying my home.  He was amazing and took the time to explain several different options.  He recommended taking my deadbolt into a locksmith to be re-keyed.  He told me this would save me a ton of money.  At no time did he try to sell me or convince me his service was necessary,  I would highly recommend Jeff to anyone needing service.  He is a true professional and honest business man!  I can see why he is the highest rated Locksmith on Yelp!!   Thank you!!
5	I'm from out of state and called Jeff to replace 10 locks on my father-in-law's home.  He showed up on time and provided excellent advice and service.  Jeff was up front about pricing and the total cost of the job.  He actually went above and beyond the requested job by handling some smaller challenges with doorknobs.  I wholeheartedly recommend Jeff for any locksmith related job.  If I ever need this type of service again I will definitely be calling him and recommending his services.  He is also a very friendly guy :)
5	Best locksmith around! I called Jeff because I saw Anthony P's review. My mom misplaced her keys and was locked out of her car and he was very understanding of the situation. He also took the time to help us search her car for them. He also called his buddy who makes keys to get us a quote. Jeff went above and beyond. I hope we wont ever need his services again, but if we do, I wont hesitate to call Jeff again. You should too! You wont be sorry!! Fast, friendly, professional! What more could you ask for??
5	Jeff and his son came out to our house to do a rekey. They both were so professional and fast. We even had movers moving stuff in and they were out of the way and courteous to that. I would recommend them to anyone. It's hard to find trusting non scammers Jeff is by far a professional hard worker!  His prices are very reasonable and even came out on a Saturday without any extra fees like other locksmiths charging $50 extra for weekends. I can't say enough about them!
5	Had an emergency and locked myself out of my garage.  Jeff and his team were at my door within 30 minutes on a Saturday morning and got the door open in no time.  Excellent service, friendly, and highly recommended!  Thanks so much!
5	Jeff was great! I called him in the morning to see if he could change the locks on my house. He was able to fit me in by that afternoon (despite the fact that there was major flooding!). He was quick and super friendly. I will use him again.
5	Jeff is a top-notch guy with top-notch services! I somehow managed to lock myself out of my apartment tonight, without my phone, and without a shirt... luckily I had pants on! Long story short I have a security bar on my patio glass door and it fell back into position when I was outside... Anyway, with the help of an awesome neighbor, I was able to get on Yelp and get a hold of A 1 Minute Key Service. Other places wanted to charge me $90+. What a buncha crap. Jeff was busy at another job but took care of me and gave me an A+ price. He even had to drill out my lock (it was a wafer lock) and still charged me a very decent price, including the cost of a new lock.Good man.
5	Jeff was great. Very friendly and professional. Put in a door lock and matched the key to my other house keys in 10 minutes.  Would highly recommend
5	Prompt, Quick, Friendly. We are very pleased.
5	Another 5 Star Rating!  Jeff was everything everyone else has said.  Reliable, friendly and great work at a very fair price.  He's the kind of guy you are not only glad fixed your lock needs, but that you met!
5	Picture it; Friday morning 8 AM, bags are packed for 4 PM flight. Boyfriend is out of town. Pet sitter has the spare key. Bags are packed inside the house, and I attempt to leave for a hectic half-day at work. Then my adorable hello Kitty key breaks off in the lock as I secure my front door. I scramble texting friends and try breaking in through the back but nothing works. Thankfully yelp led me to these guys. Jeff answered and was helpful, friendly, and resourceful. Within 15 minutes I had help. I had a new key and a lock that functions better than it had before, and I still made it to work by 9 am. And, while I owe them much, the price was so so reasonable. These guys are so amazing, I wanna break keys off in all my friends' locks so they call and give them business.
5	I don't know where to begin. I wanted to find a locksmith to assist my son re-keying his new (and 1st) home. My son is 23, out on his own for the first time and I am over 1000 miles away. I have always had GREAT luck with YELP and the streak continues! Not only did Jeff arrange a call the day before, call when en route, show up on time and do what we had contracted him to do, he went above and beyond the call. He ran to a home improvement store a couple of times until he was sure my son had what he needed, he even helped him program his new garage door openers. My son would not hesitate to call Jeff again, even for a matter un-related to locks, as he just seems to be a Jack of all Trades - Master of All! Can't recommend Jeff highly enough.
