5	A beautiful, sprawling resort with lush landscaping and stately architecture. So luxurious, you'll forget that you're in the desert. Make time for afternoon tea during your stay. Definitely one of the most decadent tea services ever.
2	Retro is the word.  Looks like it got a great face lift about 1971 but hasn't changed much since.  Fantastic spot for a conference, but for a destination resort probably not your best bet.  Service definitely did not follow the "customer is king" philosophy.  Great omeltte though.
3	Gotta' love Frank Lloyd Wright's architecture, but the knock-off guest rooms don't do the trick.  I stayed here while on a business trip and was pleasantly surprised by the speed of the Internet access.  On the other hand, I suspect I was one of 10 people in the place that may have been concerned about high-speed Internet.  Everyone else was retired.  Not that there is anything wrong with retirees, but they aren't exactly a 20-something's preferred crowd.  The service was not too hot, either.  The front desk messed up my reservation twice and was extremely slow at checking guests into their rooms.  The beauty of Frank Lloyd Wright's prowess is the only thing that distinguishes the joint.
4	No complaints here. I was there on business and there were clean, comfortable beds - the restaurants had great food. The aforementioned speedy Internet was great and there were lots of people who could still move without walkers nestled around the fire pits drinking (and smoking cigars) until bedtime ....  good times. Just checking out the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture amused me for at least a day. The man had an amazing touch, and this is the only Wright hotel in the country. Amazing stonework and beautiful stained glass. It's a place to go if you just want to relax (cause there's nothing much to do here). No fast pace; no rush; not much to do but veg. If you play golf there's a very popular golf course and a nice spa.
5	The five stars is for just being a Frank Lloyd Wright inspired building- it echoes the same principles of harmonizing with the environment and echoing those elements into the interior- and harnessing natural light to its full efficacy...I was here during a conference- but wished I could have stayed and taken advantage of the resort- golf, spa, dining and pool...wonderful place!
5	Tied with the Camelback Inn for my favorite resort/ hotel in greater Phoenix. I spent many a hot summer day here as I swam for the Biltmore's team until I was eight or nine, and since have returned periodically for events or other random occasions.Since then, many things have happened at the Biltmore. It has continued to refine and improve upon its "desert oasis" accommodations by turning the pool area into a full-fledged water park for adults, equipped with bars and lounge chairs by the dozen. The rooms are comfortable and elegant but manage not to overwhelm. It captures that which I try to convey to non-Phoenicians as all that is great about growing up in a desert, even in the summer months when it is most difficult to do so.
5	besides being the set for a ricky martin music video (or christina agulera, not sure) this place is SICK. you must hit up the wetbar in the pool, which is right next to one of the best waterslides in a private hotel in phoenix.this place is classy classy, and your bill will show it, but it is just all around a great hotel.
5	A beautiful sunset it was.  A visit to the outdoor patio for drinks left a memorable image of a wedding going on in the background while sitting on huge comfortable lounge chairs.  Sitting in these comfortable chairs, you could veg out after a stiff drink.  You'll really feel relaxed in this Frank Lloyd Wright architectural environment and the Arizona heat.  There is a serenest about this place.
5	The grounds are so amazing at this resort. With Architecture by Frank Lloyd Wright you can't help but love it here. At one stay my friends and I visited every pool on the property...there are seven. The Biltmore is an amazing piece of history for Phoenix, and it makes a memorable stay for any out of towner or Phoenicians.Most amazing architecture on Villas I have seen anywhere.
4	Was here for a West Coast Swing dance competition over the 4th of July holiday weekend.  http://www.gpsdc.com/July4thMenu.htmWe would only be able to afford it during the sweltering summer with the temperature hitting 116 degrees.  $109 convention rate with 2, $5 off drink tix when you check in.  Internet in rooms free.  Free parking, paid by our convention, limited parking near the hotel rooms, but a large parking structure near the Frank Lloyd Wright Ballroom.   30% off a la carte spa treatments.  15% onsite restaurants.I had a 1pm spa treatment that they moved to 3:00pm on Friday, will go into details of the spa in a separate review.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/hDMTdd4_YWcuSlWnVyMLkw#hrid:0hBSzjOpU8kZGfhe82VLbg Checked in around 6:30pm on Friday and was helped immediately, no lines and the interior of the lobby was so nice and cool with its carved rock columns.  My room was originally in bumf**k, the Golf View rooms, since my friends checked in on Thursday, they moved my rooms to the Paradise Wing, off of the main Paradise pool where our cabana and the water slide was located.The hotel room in the Paradise Wing was average but must admit the bathtub is longer then the standard size.  There is a mini bar fridge in the room and they will charge you $25 to have it emptied for your use for your own things.  The carpets are a little worn and the bed was a little too soft for me, must have been the feather bed.  AC was fine.We rented a cabana for 3 days, around $200 each day, you get a bathroom, shower, table for 4, fridge, two covered chaise lounges near the pool.  Free water and pitchers of ice.  Misters.  We brought our own snacks and kept them in our little ante room.  They don't allow you to decorate your cabana, food service stops at 6pm and the cabana closes at 10pm but you have access to it.  Well worth the rental in that heat and ours was right next to the steps, so very convenient to the pool.  Ordered lunch one day, had the hamburger and teriyaki chicken salad, both were good, around $14 each.  The staff is very busy, so you have to flag them down for service.Friday night was smore making night at the large bonfire at the Squaw Creek Lawn, too hot for me but during the fall and winter, should be wonderful.  Saturday night at 8pm, they had a poolside movie where you can watch from  inner tubes and floaties in the pool or lounges along the pool.  They played Madagascar our night and it was great fun.  Some complained of mosquitos but I didn't get bit until Sunday night at 2am at the pool, then I got around 8 bites.Sunday day, near the pool was a fresh salsa making demo, so plenty and chips and salsa and cinnamon crispies to knosh on at the cabana.The FLW ballroom was icy cold and the bathrooms were nearby and neat.    And ample room with a 5000 sq. ft. dance floor, tables and seating for 1000 dancers from across the US, Canada, UK, New Zealand and Australia.  Had a bit of a snafu on Sunday night, the hotel needed some of our ballroom, so were breaking down the ballroom floor while we were late night dancing but we all worked it nonetheless.There isn't anything within walking distance so you need a car but a couple of miles away is a large mall with restaurants and a movie theater across the street.  Around 20 minutes from the airport.A couple of complaints are the distance of walking from the sleeping rooms to the FLR ballroom, overcharge on my bill and the mosquitos at night.  The mosquitos are really bad, the hotel was telling people that they were spraying but with them watering all the lawns at night and the ponds, they were infested, even in the rooms.  So take insect repellent.  We would call the jutneys to take us from our hotel room to the ballroom and visa versa, so that was a nice work around.  When I saw the cabana overcharge, they fixed it at the front desk.The staff was friendly even though overworked and overwhelmed by all of us dancers there.  The grounds are beautiful and lush and green.  The food was pricey but good and the spa was great.  A must go to if you can get a great hotel rate.
3	Sadly, I can only give the Biltmore 3 stars. The architecture and the grounds were lovely, however the service was lacking. For the most part, the staff were indifferent, uninformed, and unhelpful. Go for the pools, the building itself, and outdoor life-size chess/checker board.
3	My goodness this place has gone downhill. Yeesh.
3	My wife and i stayed there for our anniversary and had a great time.  little dissappointed in the cottage we stayed in.  i know the place is old but you have to update and remodel every once in awhile (century).  I want to give 4 stars but i also think that the price was a little steep for a summer rate.  Now, i know that i should expect to pay alot for the biltmore but i am not the ritzy type of person.  I am sure my wife would give it 5 stars.
5	After reading some of the reviews here and on Flyertalk, I was fearful that the Biltmore had really gone downhill. We stayed last weekend, and I have to report that it is still as wonderful as always. Very pleasant service, friendly staff. I asked to be in the Villa area and was asked which section! Love the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture. We'll b back.
5	The Biltmore is superbly impressive from the moment you drive up and keeps your eyes dancing throughout your stay.  So much history and so much charm, this place is part Playboy Mansion, part Neverland Ranch and part Palace of Versailles.  Life size chess sets on the perfectly manicured lawn, fountains at every turn, an undeveloped mountain range as its backdrop, and poolside cabanas fit for Marilyn Monroe (she called the Biltmore her favorite pool).  Indeed, the halls are lined with photographic history of famous guests spanning the resort's opening in 1929 to present day.  (I didn't take a star off for the picture of our current prez who's a repeat guest, but I was tempted).  It makes you feel like royalty to just be there, even if you're an average Joe like me.I give an enthusiastic A+ to the SERVICE, landscaping, feather-topped bed, and aesthetic appeal/charm of the grounds.  I was most impressed with the service.  With rooms running $600 a night, you don't want to find out that only half of the staff got the five star customer service training.  Biltmore has it down from the front desk to groundskeepers.  A special mention of the 24/7 town cars waiting to pick you up any time you're ready  to step out.I give an A to the spa which could use a face lift, but nonetheless awarded me the best massage and facial that I've had this millennium.  Also to the in-room dining which was kinda yummy, but lickety-split, the fastest room service I ever had.I give an A- to the room decor.  They are going for that Mission-style rustic chic, but it looked a little too Hilton and could use less of the "standardized theme" decor.  But, the rooms were very well kept and sparkling clean.  I stayed in, and highly recommend, a "resort deluxe" room and think it's worth every extra penny to wake up to coffee on your private balcony with a view of the mountains.  If I hadn't stayed there in the middle of winter I could have played at one of their eight pools. (I'd def hang at the one with the waterslide AND the swim up bar.)  On the flip side, it was nice to have the resort virtually to myself; I had no problem getting room service in less than 1/2 an hour or a couple same-day reservations at the spa.*psst* It's Frank Lloyd Wright "inspired."  The actual architect was a student of his, but the big guy didn't actual design the hotel.  Darn good knock-off though!
1	I admit that this is a nice hotel.  The gardens are impeccable and serene.  But the service is an embarrassment to a hotel of this caliber.  The employees are supercilious, and this attitude also runs throughout management.In short, the employees make this gorgeous hotel an unpleasant place to stay.  The Ritz Carlton has dated decor, but has much better service.
4	The Biltmore is a really cool hotel, although I have to admit I never actually stayed here. We came to hang out at the gorgeous pool(s)-- which by the way, has the coolest water slide that people of all ages can go down! I can act like a kid! So we got there relatively early morning/afternoon but already the chairs had those blue towels on them (aka, those chairs are reserved). It took a good twenty minutes to find a family who was leaving to get three empty chairs. And it's not like there were actually people there-- it was not busy at all, but we realized that people just wake up early, throw their towels on chairs to save them, then come back whenever they feel like it. Luckily, the staff eventually noticed this and went around collecting the towels to free up some chairs.We got some drinks and appetizers at the poolside bar. The service was not great; there was one woman working the bar and about 7 or 8 people just waiting around for her to take their order. Our three drinks and chips/salsa took at least 20 minutes to get. Even after she gave our drinks, it took her another 10 minutes to run our credit card and give us the tab. They should really have at least 2 people working the bar. On the plus side, they do go around the pool area and take orders from people so you don't even really need to move...We also came one evening to the restaurant/bar where all those huge fire pits are. Not busy at all, good service (though a little pricey), and the fire was a nice way to keep warm and enhance the atmosphere. We got to take a look at one of the cottages but I wasn't that impressed. Guess I had a high expectation because it's the Biltmore, but the room was like any other hotel room, nothing special. I'm sure there's nicer rooms though.All in all, I would return here for both the pool and the bar... but not necessarily the poolside bar.
4	the water slide and poolside cabanas teased me to come play.the spa's subtle aroma of massage oil and massage beds peeking out from the outdoor treatment rooms wooed me to put my feet up.the bustling lobby bar and shaded outdoor patio tried to sweet talk me into having a drink.... and all would have come to fruition if i didn't happen to be here for work.nonetheless....the front desk staff did very efficiently and warmly welcome me into my very comfortable room.the historical and luxe charm of the resort did inspire me to take long walks at night around the property to ooh and ahh at their croquet field, life size chess board, and rolling golf course.their room service very patiently waited for me every morning as i rushed out of the shower to greet my breakfast at the door and unveiled my morning goodies.and the arizona sun feathered me out of bed every morning - orange, hot, and inviting - making me wish that i was here on vacation instead.
5	I was here for a business conference, Thursday-Saturday.  We arrived early (around 11am) and they were able to check us in without any hassle at all.  I think their normal check-in time is 4pm.  The service was great, very helpful in pointing out where everything was on the map.  This was a plus because the Arizona Biltmore has many separate buildings on their massive grounds.  The lobby was nice and airy with lots of places to sit.  I also noticed a restaurant and a bar.  Walking outside, there are lounge chairs and cabanas for those who didn't mind the heat.  For being in the desert, the AB was definitely very green.  Lots of grass, palm trees and shrubbery to highlight the beautiful resort grounds.The architecture here is also amazing.  Definitely look at the details in the stones, glass, walkways, doorways, and almost everywhere else.  It's quite entrancing.  We took the short trek to our room (it was a trek because the weather was about 100 degrees and rising).  I opened the door to my room and was pleasantly surprised by the size.  It's larger than the usual hotel rooms but with all the nice amenities (flat screen, internet, king size bed with lots of thread count sheets, etc...).  Typical hotel room decor -- just lots of open space (enough for me to do a cartwheel).  The bathroom was equally nice and roomy as well.  They have a separate shower and bathtub.  There are 2 sinks and I liked the stone tiles on the ground.  The towels were very soft and the robe was a nice touch (even though it dwarf me with the sleeves hanging past my fingertips and the length practically dragging on the ground...).I was sad I didn't have much time to enjoy the "resort" part of the hotel though.  Their golf course/putting greens was beautifully manicured (although I don't play golf); the pool areas were all very inviting and kept beckoning me to just jump in -- business suit and all.  And I probably would have, if not for the fact that I can't swim.  Darn.I did get to enjoy the food and bar though.  The food for the conference was surprisingly good.  We even had a petite filet mignon dish that was very nicely cooked and flavored.  The bar was nice -- but expensive.  Mixed drinks were about $12 - $14.Room service was impeccable, the concierge was knowledgeable and courteous, and the conference went well.  I truly enjoyed my stay here -- sans the scorching temperature of course.   That I could have done without just fine.
4	No AC on 112 degrees day = Minus points big timeFree Cigars by the fountain outside = Plus mad points (Free as in On the House, not like i stole them or someone hooked me up.)Super clean bathroom and overall coolness = Plus pointsFinal score = Plus points wins.Take it as you wish.
2	Generally I feel this place is over rated.  Service is very lacking.  (I actually unloaded my car myself while 4 bellmen stood in shade 10 feet from me at the main entrance at check in).  Some area of the property need updating.  My room was "OK" but would like to see others.  Seemed over priced even during the off season.  The deck off my room was filthy with bird droppings, basically unusable.  Pools were nice but not clean. Rarely saw pool attendants. Pool towels available only at the main pool, with eight pools on property this seemed weird. Last day there I was asked to switch rooms as they had reserved my room for another quest.  Sorry not my problem, I had been there for a week!Interestingly some people seemed to have bashed the spa here, I didn't think it was that bad., I would give it 4 stars.  The high end restaurant in the place (can't remember name) is good but VERY pricey and with strange decor (I understand that is subjective, some people are really into the Frank Loyd look).  Anyhow, stayed a week and wouldn't return, too many option in this area at these prices.
1	NICE GROUNDS, PATHETIC SERVICE STANDARDS=========================================Perspective from a very frequent business traveler who is also a member of the highest tier in this hotel chain's frequent stay program.GOOD:The grounds are nicely manicured and the original Frank Lloyd Wright buildings are iconic. Service at The Biltmore Grill is good. Upgraded king room is spacious.BAD:The pathetic service starts upon arrival. The Valet/Bell Desk will not offer to help with your luggage. The Front Desk will give you keys that don't work, causing you to return to get keys that do. It'll be a 5 minute walk to your room in the summer 100+ degree temperatures. The clock radio will be broken. The coffee maker you request (there are none in the room) will be delivered with a used filter and coffee grounds in it. Housekeeping will wake you by banging on your door at 7:00 am and will call twice when you don't answer. The fitness center will start turning off the lights and the TVs 30 minutes before closing (8:30) even though you're working out. You'll be told there are no umbrellas to borrow when the lightning storm comes. Upgraded king room bathroom is shabby and the shower very small. Food at The Biltmore Grill is over priced for the small portions. In room safe is not large enough for a small laptop. RECOMMENDATION: If you want to experience the Arizona Biltmore, just visit for a meal or a drink, but stay at any of the following: Royal Palms, The Phoenician, Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, Sanctuary on Camelback, The Boulders, Westin Kierland, Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons Scottsdale.
5	Dear Arizona Biltmore Resort and Spa,Thank you for letting me swim quietly and nudely in your pool after midnight on any number of occasions. Yours, most sincerely, A bunch of hot, drunk, bored Phoenicians
4	The Odd Couple. Resort style. Upon checking in with my hardcore, partying restaurant kin for a manager/chef retreat, we discovered the resort was saturated with over 1,000 (yes, that's 1,000) families for a church conference. Agnes of God! Seriously, I thought? How will this pan out? Well, Rickie and I had a gorgeous second story cottage. Which was a large, beautiful suite overlooking fountains, flowers and fanatics. First jab at the religious folks. We spent the afternoon poolside drinking mojitos, pina coladas, and Dos XX. Anytime the swarm of God's children splashed or came to us in the pool, we chanted "Too closey, no splashy." They did some sort of sign of the cross thing and off they swam. Jab number two. The poolside service was outstanding...thank you, er um, God Bless you Brian, our quick witted, Atheist server. The grounds were impeccable. Front desk service was professional. And our room's lil fridge was stocked to the gills. Anyone who knows me, knows I'm a huge FLW nut, and love all of his architecture and those that he inspired. You truly feel his spirit here at the Biltmore. Especially after boozing it up in the afternoon sun. As we sat in the spa today, awaiting our masseuses, we noticed front page news in the AZ Republic, announcing a $300 million Biltmore renovation. And. Well. It's a good thing. Cracked paint. Buckled ceilings and dated furniture. Though badly needed. Did not mar the ambiance, energy and joy we experienced for our retreat. Standing in line for our $6 bagel and $8 smoothie, we overheard the church goers behind us actually praying for lower prices. Wow. Does that work? Jab number three. I didn't stick around to find out. We headed back to our suite. And actually ended up watching Bruce Almighty. Coincidence? I think not.
5	Wow, I am shocked by the negative reviews of the Biltmore. It was and to me is THE hotel of Phoenix. If you want more information about it, just click on the weblink and read all about it. The history of the Biltmore is amazing. Sure it's old but that only adds to its charm. The Jewel of the Desert ...http://www.arizonabiltmore.com/?WT/srch=1You could never had a hotel like this built today because of all the land it's on. The grounds for parking alone are huge, bigger than most hotels are. Quite amazing.Just park your car and walk around inside and around the grounds. It's magnificent. We stayed recently on the other side of town for baseball games, none near here but if I was coming to Phoenix for sightseeing, my first choice to stay would be the Biltmore.
5	Went for a convention and had dinner in the restaurant. So this is my limited review!Did a lot of walking to get from place to place.Convention facilities were above average.Food in the restaurant was excellent.Service left much to be desired, seemed we were in the way and a bother!I love the Biltmore grounds and landscaping was soothing and enjoyed walking the areas!
3	Spa week is just ending.   Quite a few spas run specials for this event.   My friend and I went to the Biltmore for facials and massages.   The services were fine but the facility is not.   It got the creeps in the shower.   What exactly was that in the grout?   The locker room is the worst.  I am 5' 3" and the receptionist gave me an upper locker.   I couldn't even see the floor of the locker much less reach any of the hooks.  What were they thinking?  Maybe women were taller when they built this?   I am a spa girl and this is crossed off the list of "want to go backs".The Biltmore itself it spectacular.   We had fun at the pool.  We had a lovely lunch and went in the pool    We were the only adults on the water slide but who cares.   So services were fine, the property is spectacular, but the spa facility needs an extreme makeover soon.  (I think it may be coming)
4	just got back from a weekend here......and loved it.  the resort itself is huge and beautiful.  our room was nice and new, however the bathroom still needs a makeover.  the resort itself is very expensive (as all resorts are)....and you get hit with a ton of charges...but i still loved laying by the paradise pool with a margarita..pure heaven.  i also visited the spa and while my massage was good (minus my chatty masseuse) the locker room really needs a makeover. the shower was all rusted...yuck.
5	Is this place gay?? Its tottaly color cordinated from the decorations to the guests. I love the various retail outlets located on the lower plaza level. I never realized they had a panda express there too. A little commercial for my taste, but still has a unique feel. The landscaping is well maintained and the cooking class is original. Cheers!
5	When my AC busted a few weeks ago I found myself staying in a suite here for the weekend.  Ok, so it's not how I usually roll, but luckily some out-of-town friends scored a suite here and my bad luck met with perfect timing to equal an over-the-top silver lining for the weekend.The Arizona Biltmore pools alone warrant five stars, but the service and suite were nothing to look past either. The two room suite was comfortable, spacious and tastefully decorated. The living room and bedrooms had a subtle Southwestern decor that I surprisingly didn't hate.  The architecture and landscaping of the grounds was just as legendary as you would expect. Calling for extra towels was a cinch and took only a few minutes for them to arrive. The housekeeper we flagged down in the hallway gladly took photos of us on the balcony and repeatedly tried to refuse our $5 tip for his trouble. We weren't having it.Finally, the pool experience was second to none. Like giddy school kids, the Biltmore waterslide became a 20-something playground for an hour. From what I could tell the poolside was a mix of locals and tourists as I recognized some people (incl. JohnJay from KISS 104.7).The best part of swimming on a Saturday afternoon at the Biltmore?  * The salsa demonstration (with a dozen or so salsas and chips prepared by the sous chef) was so extensive it was our lunch!  * Swim up to the bar (or sneak your own drinks and pass it off like you bought it) and buy a $10 margarita.  * Score a cabana rental if at all possible.  You get your own private shower, bathroom, AC'ed room, umbrellas, TV, patio chairs and server.  And it is well worth it.And....I just spilled the beans to a perfect afternoon at the Biltmore.
5	Okay. Let's go. Spa - yes. Horseback riding - yes. Oldschool - oh yes.I feel like Rita Hayworth when I come here. I don't really know why. I just do. Perhaps a clandestine meeting with Orson? A bite at the pharmacy like grill? Is that me in that cowboy hat? Might just be.Truly am surprised to see negative reviews of this place. It's so utterly charming. From the lovely pinkness of it, to the tiled pools, to the excellent staff. I really love it.You can get several different kinds of massage at the spa. I'm a Swedish girl, all the way. And after an hour long massage they practically had to mop me up and wring me into bed. It was just that good.Walking around here can be a little iffy. I saw a rattler once. But it's still just so lovely. So don't be hating on the Biltmore. It's an original and there are very few places like it in this land of ours. That, and, feeling like Rita Hayworth is priceless.
2	This resort has been and always will be a Phoenix institution. Constructed in 1929 by a former employee of Frank Lloyd Wright (his draftsman) Albert Chase Mcarthur, it is an architectural masterpiece.  Everything about the design is unique, and awe inspiring.What is not so inspiring is the condition in which the hotel sits in today. The place is literally falling apart at the seams. Be prepared when you visit for a lack of AC in common areas, rooms in a state of disrepair and need of remodel, and as of 10/17/08, a LOT of construction. The Villas on property are privately owned, which roughly translated means that it is the owners responsibility to keep them maintained, not the hotels. You don't know what you are going to get. The 39 acres of grounds on this property are stunning. Kudos to the grounds crew as the grass, trees, and flowers are always perfect. 8 pools across the property are beautiful and with the exception of one, are open 24 hours a day. They also have 7 tennis courts and full size basketball court outdoors which is nice. Wright's is a great dining room, and I give it my full endorsement, but their other options are uh, how do you say, crap? The Cafe is very overpriced and never open when it is supposed to be. Cabana Club is good, but has no indoor seating so it only works in the cooler months, and closes at about 4-6pm daily. The Biltmore Grill is closed for construction for the forseeable future. I'm just really mixed on the place, I want to like it so bad, but the fact of the matter is you can really tell there is no pride of ownership. Morgan Stanley owns the hotel, and what can I say? They are an investment firm who reads the profit margin on their statement every month and is long as it is a black number, they ignore the place. If you want to go somewhere that really cares about your business, this is probably the wrong place. If you are into architecture and history, check it out.
4	I had the luxury to have a  week stay here last August , the grounds here are green and  flawless , my room was very modern with a comfortable bed, down pillows and a huge flat screen TVs to veg-out  too - great for  avoiding the Arizona heat. The view out of  my room was of one of the many Baltimore's  pools where you could see people throughout the day ordering drinks and laying out and soaking up the rays where one can only imagine the famous past of the Baltimore's guest of yesterdays. The main pool has classic views all around of "Wright" iconic architecture -it even has a water slide for kids and adults to enjoy. The staff was polite to the point that i became embarrassed after a week's stay. The food at the Wright Bar was great - best duck I have ever come cross to date. If you have a chance sign up for the mountain bike ride that takes you through some fun and scary Arizona trails. The gym facilities need some updating but the locker room area are of spa quality - plenty of Bumble & Bumble for your hair.
4	much can be said about the Biltmore...so i'll leave that to others.i'm a fan of their sunday brunches. OMG what a treat. it was worth every penny i spent. memosas FTW!!!
4	Haven't stayed over-nite - yet.Grounds are gorgeousDrinks at the the bar posh (along with prices obviosuly)spa is very professional, massage was niceconvienent area to shops, dinning, everything.
3	You know what?  I love the Biltmore.  Yes, it's old and a little run down some might say, but I think it's fabulously old 30s glam and I adore it.  The perfectly, intricately Art Deco sculpted buildings.  The perfectly manicured grounds.  The overall vibe.  I just adore it.  The fabulous weather this time of year doesn't hurt either - when the sun is shining and you can smell orange blossoms and you know it's raining back in SF, it just doesn't get much better.  If you're there for pleasure and not work anyway.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  They ride silly bikes.  They smile and say hello.  You get free high speed internet in your room.So why oh why does a hotel with such attention to detail fail miserably in the area of room service?Room service: where 30 minutes is 45, medium well is bloody on all but the very outside surface of your burger, the burger comes completely nude - no lettuce, tomato, nothin', your server asks if you want that stuff and that he thought it was weird it wasn't on there, heads down to pick it up for you as your uncovered burger sits out looking all expectant and embarrassed while some bird shrieks its snacky intent through the open door while eyeballing your lunch and salivating, your server comes back several minutes later with a saran wrapped plate featuring one giant lettuce leaf, a slice of red onion, a small tomato, a pickle spear and a fruit fly.  Really?  Did the person wrapping that up NOT notice the fly, drowning in pickle juice right on top of the heap as they wrapped it?  Ew.  I was really looking forward to that pickle too.  No, it's not the end of the world, but it's a lack of attention to detail which I find frustrating at "high end" hotels.  I wasn't the only one with a woeful room service experience so I don't think it was a fluke.The interiors (sleeping and meeting rooms and hallway) really could use some sprucing, much as I try to focus on the charm and overlook the wrinkles.  The architecture is still as amazing as ever though.  I hear they're redoing the lobby soon, but I thought the lobby was fine.  Word on the streets is that you might not want one of those rooms attached to said lobby if you're looking for a good night's sleep by the way.While our attendees had a great time and the staff was very friendly, and the grounds amazing, I don't think I would plan another meeting here.  They nickle and dimed us, did not mention that our meeting space was not wheelchair accessible (luckily it wasn't an issue this time) and they could not have put us in more inconvenient "four corners of the earth" type meeting space.I would definitely come back for a weekend retreat if I could find a good deal, or to get married if I suddenly came into money or a fiance, but otherwise I think it may be off the list.
5	Just spent a beautiful weekend at the Biltmore and stayed in the newly renovated Ocatilla Wing. Very nicely appointed rooms with Frank Lloyd Wright inspired design. Simple and very elegant. We loved the private concierge service with a great breakfast, cocktails and appetizers for the guests. All included in the price of the room.
2	This is a review of the pool only. Went to the pool over Memorial Day holiday and it was awful. I arrived at 9:00 am Sunday morning, and it was already packed. Thankfully, my friend who was staying there arrived at 7:30 am to get the last 2 open lounge chairs. The pool is very small in relation to some of the other newer resorts in the area. Normally, I like a crowded and bustling pool scene, but when the crowd consists of 75% children squirting their water guns my direction, I'll pass. The bar didn't open until 11am, which doesn't score them any points, either, especially considering that I had to put up with 100+ screaming 8 year olds ruining my tan. As the day progressed and the sun intensified, my friend asked for an umbrella no fewer than 3 times before getting someone to move one her direction. This would have been expected, except that there was a closed umbrella about 15 feet away from her that simply needed to be transplanted into the stand nearby. The food wasn't bad at all, and the drinks were tolerable...when we were finally able to flag down a waitress sometime around noon. A little music might have helped, too. Sadly, the Biltmore seems long overdue for an update.
2	When you stay at a place as historied and revered as the Arizona Biltmore, you expect to be wowed. You expect the place to live up to the reputation you and your husband -- both Phoenix natives -- have heard about all your lives. You expect to be truly impressed. Unfortunately, were not.Our disappointment began at the get-go, with the less-than-friendly reception from our front desk clerk. No "Hi, welcome to the Arizona Biltmore!" No "Thanks for staying with us." I don't think she even cracked a smile throughout the entire check-in process.Our disillusionment continued when we received our bill, which included a $28 "resort fee." When we sought clarification, the front desk clerk (not  Miss Surly) sweetly explained it was a fee for hotel services, such as phone, Internet, the business center, shuttle, etc. - none of which we even used. Yet, we were expected to pay for them. I think the traditional pay-for-play method would be a whole lot more equitable.Finally, since I had about two hours to kill between check out and my next commitment, I inquired at the concierge desk if they had a small fridge where I could park my leftovers from the previous night's dinner while I shopped in the area. Grudgingly, the man behind the counter agreed to the request. A "Sure, no problem!" would have made it seem like much less of an imposition.Bugged by the whole let-down, my husband called to report our observations about the storied Arizona Biltmore. The manager on duty politely listened and offered a free upgrade for our next stay. Unfortunately, I doubt he -- or we -- will get that opportunity.
4	I have to say 4 stars for the massage 3 stars for the amenities. Could be stunning with a remodel, also there was only cold H20 in the lounge not near the lockers.The massage was great, especially with the heated pillow, heated eye mask and warm oil! Total relaxation. Great way to unwind from a flight! Not to mention the robes felt incredible!
5	Had an excellent 2 night stay here this last 4th of July weekend for my boyfriend's birthday. Can't complain about a thing!We stayed in the new Ocatilla wing, and were totally spoiled for normal hotel rooms from here on out. The new wing offers a sort of VIP lounge for those staying in the wing. Was very helpful when we wanted to relax and read, etc, but had had our fill of blistering sun by the pool. Nice couches, chair area to relax, computers with internet available, a nice patio with firepit (which thank goodness wasn't lit, too hottt!!!) TVs with news or games on, and always cold drinks available. Coffee, tea, iced tea, sodas, water, and snacks. In the morning they offered a great continental breakfast spread, then from 5-9 beers and wine. very lovely. excellent attentive service. Now...there's also appetizers and light fare served from 5-6:30, which is not MEANT FOR DINNER FOR YOUR WHOLE FAMLIY! How trashy people were, lined up like pigs, walking away with BOWLS full of sliders. Hey lady, those aren't meant to feed your kids alone! Sheesh. So we only partook in the drinks, and watched the madness of people flocking to free food like i'm sure they swarm to samples at Costco.Anyway, the whole hotel was beautiful and well kept, despite the fact that they were probably more busy than usual with the holiday weekend. The pools were all beautiful. Drinks at the pool were steep enough to convince us we didn't need to drink out in the sun, but i suppose we were also spoiled for cocktails since we had free ones available in our lounge in the evening.Will definitely go back. This is now our go-to place to get out of town for the weekend. Loved it.OH! almost forgot. in the ocatilla wing you just call them up and someone will come up to your room to draw you a hot bath with sea salts. and a hotel room with a french press?? i'm sold.
4	What a nice hotel! My fiance and I enjoyed every bit of our stay. The grounds are very well manicured and the architecture is something to look at. Even in July with the hot weather, the hotel was pretty crowded. Lots of families with money to burn. There are 8 pools spread around the property and they each seem to have a different atmosphere. The two pools we went to were the large ones right in the middle of the property with the slide and the swim-up bar. If you have some extra cash, get yourself an $8 beer (!) in the bottle. Otherwise, bring your own. The slide is fun. It doesn't go as fast as I'd like but it's something to do at the pool. The big downside at the pools is that the hot weather heats them up so much that they should actually be cooled off. They were probably 90 degrees... bath water. Not as refreshing as you'd like them to be.The buildings and rooms are very nice, clean, spacious, neat and comfortable. I could have taken a nap all day in our room. One drawback is that some buildings and rooms are far from the parking lot. You have quite a ways to walk if you don't valet.With the recession and hot weather, rates are pretty low right now for this excellent hotel. Give it a shot.
4	Typically, for the 4th of July, most people hang out with friends at a bbq and cool down by a pool. My family, on the other hand, decides to  travel to a city with a historical average temperature for that weekend of 100+ degrees.Smart one.Luckily, the parents chose a fancy-smancy hotel for us to stay at for our long weekend away: The Arizona Biltmore. It's a gorgeous hotel in the middle of Phoenix whose claim to fame is that every US President since its opening in the 1920s has, at one point in time, stayed at the Biltmore. The hotel spans a huge area with 8 pools scattered across its grounds, the largest of which is right next to the lobby. I was prepared to spend my weekend lying by the pool and studying for my exams. Instead, I discover my room is in the furthest corner of the Biltmore complex and I'd have to walk through 103 degree weather to get to the pool. I make the trek anyway (the thought of pina coladas and mojitos spur me forward), only to find out the pool is filled with little kids. I finally find an empty chair below a beach umbrella, plop myself down and order my drink from the waitress (while the little twins sitting in the chair next to me start dripping over my books). The drink arrives and...I can't taste a drop of rum in my mojito....There goes my perfect weekend.Other than my disappointment by the pool, the rooms were nice and, most importantly, the A/C worked. Plus, at night when the temperature cooled down a bit, it was nice to walk around the Biltmore and admire the architecture.Four stars overall.
4	Great Resort.  Kind of out in the boonies... but I think Phoenix is pretty spread out over all.  I loved the green grass and palm trees in the middle of winter.  It has a great view of some mountain... that when the sun sets is totally stunning especially with the manicured lawn in the foreground.  I had a room in one of the cabins.  It was very very quiet and relaxing.  Over all great stay!
3	Was headed to Phoenix for a few days and the Biltmore is a great name at a fab price:  $99/night.  So we stayed.Pros:Nice rooms.  Comfortable.  Air conditioning blew like a $2.00 whore.Cons:Parking: what a mess!  $12 to self-park and it takes forever to get to the garage or other lot.Lighting:  They're doing some construction, and at night it's downright dangerous since all the lights are off.  Nearly tripped several times.Location of room relative to hotel: The property is huge!  My room was all the way in the back.  I should have packed a small meal; I almost went missing on my walk from the parking lot back to the room.  Without exaggeration, it's easily 1/4 mile.A nice hotel for the price, but I went to relax, not go on a hike a few times a day (pool to room!)
5	I'd heard a lot about the Arizona Biltmore, but hadn't stayed there until this weekend - it was really cool!You arrive to a unique-looking hotel that's unlike most architecture you'd ever seen.  Frank Lloyd Wright-inspired design, fixtures and art are definitely noticeable throughout the hotel, but especially in the main lobby - check-out the Gold Room (one of the main ballrooms) and see some amazing design as well as cool tapestries.    My room was great (a King Bed Resort) and had a lot of space (about 500 square feet - bigger than my first San Francisco studio) and included a balcony that looked out over a perfectly manicured garden courtyard.  I was located near the second pool, which was great since no one else was really there.  The main pool was also amazing and even has a cool slide.  The hotel's fitness center was pretty good and had all the equipment you'd need for a proper workout.  Overall, everything was so well-taken care of and the staff were all very friendly and pleasant.I really had a great time and enjoyed my stay.  It's one of those resort hotels where they really do have everything there - you don't have to leave the grounds and can have a great and relaxing time.
4	Known as "The Jewel of the Desert" and the "Grand Dame," this beautiful hotel is the only one in the world with a Frank Lloyd Wright-influenced design.  The architect was a man named Albert Chase McArthur, who had studied under Frank Lloyd Wright.  Hence, the main restaurant's name is "Frank and Albert's."Celebrating its 80th birthday this year, this unique art-deco resort is rich in history.  Dozens of presidents have golfed here, Marilyn Monroe splashed around in one of the 8 on-site pools, and many more celebrities and industry magnates have called this their temporary home.When visiting here, it is important to note that on-site parking is costly.  A self parking fee of $12 is imposed even on its guests, and the self parking lot is often located some distance from the hotel entrance.  For those not wanting to bother with parking the car themselves, the price is$27 to valet.  The package I purchased luckily had the self-parking included, but the car was delivered to the valet nonetheless.  I was sure to speak to a hotel manager about how ridiculous it is to ask a hotel guest to pay for parking, and he happily credited our room for the valet fee.So, my first experience was our dinner at "Frank and Albert's", formerly known as the "Biltmore Grill."  Local purveyors provide the ingredients for nearly all of its organic dishes.  From Queen Creek Olive Oil to Shriner's Sausage, Mesa Ranch Goat Cheese to Biltmore grown Rosemary, one can taste the difference.  The menu provided a range of selections from salads, pizzas, and flatbreads, to rotisserie and classic comfort foods.  The wood stone baked filet of salmon was flavorful, tender, and full of tender feelings. I recommend their "bloody rose" cocktail.  I snicker as I write these words, because bloody marys are my least favorite cocktail.  However, this unique blend is made with crop organic tomato vodka and juice, fresh biltmore grown rosemary and spices.  Service was attentive and timely, waiter was very knowledgeable, and we were very impressed with the quality and flavor of the food.  Next, it was on to the newly added wing of the resort, the Ocatilla.  The Ocatilla is essentially a new boutique hotel situated on the Biltmore property.  It has its own pool, a concierge, and an executive lounge which offers daily complimentary breakfasts, a light evening fare, beer and wine, desserts, as well as coffee and soft drinks.Our package included a room on the third floor of this location, as well as access to its executive lounge.  Although our stomachs were full from dinner, we made room for chocolate covered cheesecake, choc. covered strawberries, fudge brownies, tarts, and chocolate chunk cookies.  We swallowed it all down with some prosecco, and headed up to our room.The room was at least 500sq feet, and I believe that the rest of the hote has fairly sizeable rooms, as well.  The decor was a blend of art deco and southwestern.  The bathroom with its granite countertops, boasted a tub with sea salts and candle, in which we submerged ourselves comfortably up to our chins.  Two plush robes were there for us to lounge around in.  A snack bar was provided, although a package of nuts and dried fruit was $7.  Biggest disappointment was that that there was no wetbar.  I always look forward to these in any hotel room, especially to use them for storing leftovers from dinner.  The king bed was etremely comfortable, with its pillow-top mattress and feather pillows, as well as the high thread count sheets.  Silky soft...We enjoyed peace and quiet all night, and were not disturbed in the morning by housekeeping.The next day were were early to rise to enjoy the lavish continental breakfast spread in the lounge.  Granola with local pecans and yogurt parfait croissans with spinach and boursin, ham and cheese, small danishes, assortmnt of fresh fruits and juices gave us the perfect start to our day.  We grabbed some bottled waters and cokes and headed to the pool.  We had an appointment at the spa an hour later, for seaweed wraps and massages, and it was wonderful, the service excellent and very personalized.Recommendations:go to biltmore's website directly to book a room. you will find incredible packages. our package was $200 and included dinner for two, lunch for two, 50% off at the spa, and access to the executive lounge at the ocatilla.if you live locally, they will shuttle you - saves the parking headache.About Ocatilla:basically an upgrade with your stay. For an additional $75-$100/day, these are the following amenities you will receive:complimentary beverages, wine, beer, breakfast, light evening fare, and desserts in the loungebusiness center (computers, internet, printers)Wii rentals pressing service and shoe shinetherapeutic turn down bathneck and shoulder massages every thursdaypersonal concierge
5	A must see on anyone's tour of Phoenix. The hotel is a gem. If you live in Arizona this is a great place to bring guests. The grounds are stunning with the backdrop of the mountains highlighting the lush landscaping, sculpture and fountains. The structure itself is truly one of a kind. The interior boast beautiful fixtures and some amazing murals and architechural treatments. Snoop around a little to see all the hidden treasures! The hotel facade and grill are currently undergoing construction so you might want to call ahead - even with the work going on it is still beautiful.
3	My stay started off very well. The front desk was very helpful. My room was not ready so she upgraded me to a much larger and nicer room. The problem is that the room probably is considered to be in another county. It was quite a walk. We went in Frank and Alberts for lunch. This was an odd experience. Four of us had meals with very small portions, and the other two meals were way too big of portions. The grilled cheese is an embarrassment to food, period. It is also a bit pricey for what you get. The room is nice but slightly dated. It had a 90's feel to it. This is OK in most hotels, but in a place like the Biltmore you can not let your rooms get that far behind. My room was huge. I had a full kitchen and living room area. There are several pools through out the property. The pool by my room was great because it was in a low traffic area. I was able to swim in peace any time of day. Parking can be a pain. I would recommend using the valet, but if your room is where mine was you have to walk over a 1/4 mile to get to the valet. There were some renovation taking place, so hopefully that will update the overall look of the rooms. The area as a whole is nice. There are some very good views.
3	Been here twice and not sure if i'll return.  The first time I came here was for a massage.  The second for a facial.  The massage was ok, however, the facial was not.  The facilities were decent with a good fitness center but I noticed on my second trip that the jacuzzi was so filthy that the foam was brown and the scum on the side walls looked like it hadn't been cleaned in awhile.  Overall, it was not as a relaxing experience as expected.  The general lounge/waiting area was co-ed and a little cramped. While i can appreciate couples wanting to spend time together it is a little uneasy to be sitting 3 to a couch half naked with wet hair and red-faced in an oversized robe. But the real disappointments were the relatively inexperienced facialist and the scars left on my face. It was going ok until she tried extracting the same places several times with each time more painful than the last.  Even after 50 minutes my face was still bleeding.   I haven't had a spa facial since then.
5	First of all, I'm writing to review the restaurant, Frank & Albert's.  I was in Phoenix this past weekend and was curious to see the hotel because (a) I'm an architecture buff, and (b) the hotel is listed in the Book "1,000 Things to do Before you Die."  So -- check one off for me on that list!Was it worth it?  YES!  We made a reservation for lunch at noon, but arrived 30 minutes early to walk the grounds.  The hotel and surrounding gardens/pool/etc. are extraordinary.  The architect studied under Frank Lloyd Wright, plus there are stained glass windows and sculptures by the master himself.The food at Frank & Alberts was delicious.  Their menu highlights local foods and produce - everything was delicious, the service was very helpful and unhurried, and the prices were reasonable.  I highly recommend the pork carnitas.  To top it all off, the valet parking was free.  I had read reviews on Yelp that said you had to pay for parking, but that rule applies to hotel guests (go figure?).  P.S.  We stayed at the Royal Palms Hotel, which was nearby, much smaller and truly one of the great hotels in the world.  It belongs on the list of 1,000 Things to do before you die!
4	The rooms are old, conventional and totally ordinary, but the entire resort (i should say compound, this place is huge) is beautiful.  I would stay here again as long as the rooms cost less then $200.
3	I've always felt like the Biltmore is overrated. It's a money maker by it's name, not quality. Rooms are mediocre, and although the interesting architecture is a plus, it's gray and I felt like I was in a castle or something...which is cool, when you're not expecting a five star resort.
4	a grand old oasis in the middle of the desert that is phoenix. the rooms won't wow you-- they are reminiscent of a 1980s las vegas hotel-- but the property itself sprawls with amenities. from the grand pool to the championship 18-hole putting green to impeccably manicured gardens, this place is truly a resort. franklin lloyd wright-inspired architecture is noteworthy.  lots of great restaurants too. we got a great deal on our room-- $150, and that's a grand bargain for a grand hotel.
2	The front desk service was really interesting. On a recent trip there after we checked out my girlfriend discovered she'd left her iPhone in the room.The front desk refused to allow her to go back to look for it. The desk called up to the room where presumably housekeeping was working.Nope, nobody had seen it.Then my girlfriend persisted. Front desk still refused to get more involved and appeared to gather around joking that my girlfriend would make such a request.Until we asked for the manager.Then they actually had a bellman go with her up to the room. Long story short the bellman found the maid who had "cleaned" the room. While my girlfriend was standing there the maid produced an iPhone from her pocket.
2	This is suppose to be a grand hotel, in the book "1000 Places to visit Before You Die"... I was intrigued by the history and, yes, it has cool architecture... but why does the restrooms in the public areas dispense that cheap pink liquid soap, reminiscent of Sweetheart dishwashing soap from the 80's???  Eeew... not Posh.
5	If you like nostalgia/Old Hollywood/Palm Springs, then you will love the Biltmore. I stayed here for Spring break back in the mid-2000s and loved it. It's on beauitful grounds, and my sister and I got a kick out of the croquet fields. The hotel's architecture was consulted by Frank Lloyd Wright, and everything from the block design to the spacious lobby carries the Wright style. Great pool as well, though you might have to get there at the crack of dawn to get a poolside spot. Overall, a great vacation spot, and centrally located near downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale.
2	While visiting a relative staying at the biltmore I made an appointment to get my eyebrows waxed.  I paid $40 for something I could of done with tweezers and my right hand.  And Im a lefty.  Better off with the $7 nail salon special, trust me.  I would have only given 1 star, but I really liked the wax they use.  No soreness or messy red bumps after.  Earned them an extra star.  Maybe they can just tell me where to get the wax from?
5	Summer time and the livings easy and so are the resort rates on the pocket book. The Biltmore makes my list for top places to staycation or vacation, depending on your origin. I've frequented the Biltmore many many times over the years and I have yet to have a bad experience yet. The resort is historical, elegant and fun all at the same time. Brunch: The Biltmore is an excellent brunch destination. If you are looking for a place to take your Mom for Mother's Day or brunch for a Sunday afternoon, their food is good and plentiful. From homemade omlet to heaping shrimp stations, I've never once left hungry. In fact, my scale my claim I've left a pound heavier. I've spent so many holidays here for brunch, I can give them the two thumbs up. I suggest though that you ask for a reservation in the main dining room if you do brunch on a holiday. I personally like it better because it's less like a banquet. Lunch/Dinner: I love their cafe and now that it's been remodeled, I love it even more! It's got a great atmosphere to enjoy the nice weather (when the weather IS nice). I'm a sucker for anything chocolate (if you haven't figured that out yet) and they have S'mores. How can I have some more when I haven't had any yet? OH yeah, I did a Sandlot reference. But seriously, I love their S'mores. Our table gets our own make your own s'mores set up equipped with fire, sticks, marshmallows, graham crackers and chocolate. It's the best way to end the meal. On a nice day or night, sit outside and enjoy the chirping birds and trees. I love the crackling outdoor fire place. Hotel: Oh they've got it mastered. The beds are comfy, the rooms are big and the amenities. I heart the amenities. Pools as far as the eye can see. Literally, I have yet to count the exact number of pools the hotel really has. Quiet pools, loud pools, big kid pools, little kid pools, a huge slide, Jacuzzis galore just keeps going and I love it. In the summer, I've enjoyed movies by the pool. This summer they are having a Hollywood and Wine series with a variety of live music, wine nights, movie nights, theater, etc. The grounds have croquet, tons of grass to run around on or walk, tennis courts, a personal guide to take you on hikes, high tea in the afternoon and more. Writing this makes me want a staycation right this minute. See you there!PS Summertime rates are A-OK in the low to mid 100's a night. Not bad for a five star resort!!
1	I was very excited to stay at here being an architectural fan. I did love the building and the grounds.However, the service and overall stay was horrible from start to finish. This started with the bell service who forgot to bring my bags to my room. After they pointed me in the wrong direction for parking the car and walking back to the lobby in 100 plus degree heat to check in I had to walk back to the bell desk out front to ask them to bring my bags up after they never showed up in my room. The room was hot and the AC turned up full blast was completely inadequate. The shower somehow only got extremly hot water, which is not fun when the AC doesn't work. Later that night, before going out to dinner, I put a card out for breakfast in the morning. When we returned from diner I noticed the card had not been picked up. I went to the lobby to tell the front desk. The front desk took my room number and insiste they would send someone right up to get it and not to worry because my breakfast would be there in the morning. When we woke up the card was still on the door and no breakfast was delivered. Although the grounds and building are beatiful you don't need to stay here to see that. I was so excited to stay here and in the end I couldn't wait to leave. HORRIBLE!
3	We stayed at Ocatilla Biltmore over Memorial Day.Pros:1 - great grounds- beautiful2 - restaurants are good3 - pools are niceCons:- pooljumpers everywhere - these nonpaying guests were smoking IN the pool and occupied a paid cabana without paying - kinda loud and very obvious from their conversation they were not paid guests. When I mention to lounge attendant was basically told nothing could be done about it - two times!!!! I don't understand that - I paid over $300 a night for an exclusive pool and people sneak in without paying and I am told "nothing could be done about it". - We saw a young couple (non-Ocatilla residents) almost procreate in the pool. She truly was acting like a stripper and NO employee said or did a thing- and there were kids there- not to mention everyone else trying to enjoy their afternoon.- No exclusivity for the Ocatilla pool. They didn't monitor who used the pool even though we paid extra for the exclusivity. Rumor around the pool was that due to the rush of Memorial Day, the resort opened up all pools to all guests. Then why did they market the exclusivity of the pool to us and we paid for it? - With Ocatilla we were told we would have unlimited beer/wine in the Executive Lounge. Arrive to Ocatilla to find it is only from 5pm to line 8pm. And it wasn't just us that were basically misinformed. WE met at least four other couples/groups that were told the same thing or at least extended hours for the free unlimited beer and wine. Someone was misinforming numerous guests either on purpose or by mistake- either way, big mistake.- The on duty manager comp'd us $120 to our room to make up for the above, but for the amount we were paying, that honestly didn't make too much of a difference. $120 bucks didn't make up for a ruined pool experience. When I called to discuss with the manager later before posting this review (and I advised I would be posting this review), his assistant and I had a long discussion and she understood my issues and concerns. However, I still have not heard from the manager regarding these complaints.It is a shame because it is a beautiful place that is worth checking out BUT DO NOT PAY FOR THE EXCLUSIVITY OF OCATILLA!Thanks
4	This is a beautiful property. The main hotel is historic and they give an overview of the history and tour to groups that have an interest. We stayed in the Catalina Pool Villas which was a short walking distance from the main hotel. The room was spacious enough, clean, had a nice patio overlooking the pool and a two sink bathroom which I appreciated. This property is very spread out so depending on where you are staying and where your meeting is (assuming you are there on business), you may have a bit of a hike ahead of you. I really enjoyed the comfortable lounge seating and fire pits in the back of the main hotel. What I did not enjoy is paying $9 for a bagel and coffee at The Cafe. Sorry, but that's just absurd. Overall, this is a great resort but I would go off property for the meals I couldn't expense.
4	I am a fan! We had a great time! We stayed for our honeymoon and loved it
4	We have stayed here twice now, and will return.My husband and I recently booked an "all inclusive" weekend at the Ocatila and it was fantastic. The perfect couples getaway. Although, the resort in general is great for families, the Ocatila Executive Suites are perfect for a quiet, relaxing stay. With a huge comfortable bed, and spacious bathroom I was in heaven. Need I mention CLEAN. We also enjoyed the complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres  every evening.We had fantastic spa services in the mornings. My husband said it was the best massage he's ever had. Our days consisted of lounging by the pool. If you go ask for Jamee to be your pool side server. She was amazing, we never had an empty glass.In the afternoons we had fun putting around the free putting course located within the resort. We tried both the hotel restaurants, but highly recommend Frank & Albert's. Much better value and friendlier service than the other.
3	For all the pomp this place fails to meet some minimum expectations like clean bathrooms in the guestroom. Also, make sure you check your bill before you leave, apparently you get charged for looking at the minibar. More properly called the Arizona Billmore.
2	What a shame. As my high school counselor once told me, "so much potential, but...."  ;)The Frank Lloyd Wright design is just beautiful. But in the same way you just don't need to sleep in a Ferrari, you don't need to stay here either. Come visit for lunch or dinner and check out the beautiful property, because the Frank & Albert's restaurant is great, and now that i mention it, the BREAKFAST there was fantastic. The kindest, smartest, nicest wait staff in the morning, and the food is just so creative and different, yet so tasty. But i digress.The problem is that it's an old building. And with old buildings, come problems, even though it's been remodeled. The walls are thin, so you can hear your neighbors getting into arguments or getting it on with perfect clarity, neither one of which you really want to hear while on vacation. And you can hear the drunk people walking and yelling down the halls at 2am, 3am, and even 4am. I'm not making any of this up as I lived through it, all in 1 night. And the a/c units are loud, because again, it's an old building and that's just the way it is.The rooms are a good size, around 500 square feet, and well designed and furnished. Which makes it even more of a shame that you can't really enjoy it.And if you're thinking about staying at the Ocatilla building, that's where I stayed. So you can't escape the riff raff by staying there either.As another guest correctly points out, the Ocatilla side is not worth the extra dollars. That definitely over promises and under delivers. The pool is not exclusive to Ocatilla guests, as no one monitors the area, so you have people who pool hop who shouldn't be there. You can't find a server to save your life to get a drink at the pool either, so you have to walk out to get your own. The Ocatilla concierge folks are extremely nice as can be, but their niceness doesn't walk the hallways and pick up trash or room service trays that sit out in the hallways all day long without being picked up. The "free" breakfast is simply bagels, muffins, fruit, juice and coffee. Puts the con in continental breakfast, if you ask me.And one of the strangest parts is that if you drive yourself there (I rented a car from the airport), the parking is like Star Wars and is far far away. Even valet doesn't help because the Ocatilla building is in the back of the property with no parking near it, which doesn't seem like a big deal except when it's 108 degrees outside. AND they charge $12 extra for even self parking. That's bad, especially when the parking is so inconvenient.And the $28 resort fee on top of paying extra for the Ocatilla rooms? While having "free" wifi by the pool was nice, i don't know what the other $18 difference is for since you still have to tip people and tip the maid. I've stayed at other resorts with "resort fees" that include tips for everyone, so i get it and like it since i don't have to carry cash for deliveries and doormen and concierge, but i think the Biltmore doesn't quite realize that resort fees weren't designed to get more money from guests: it was originally intended to make our lives easier so that we don't have to worry about tipping and carrying money!So i'll stop being a downer. The staff was extremely friendly, the rooms were well designed and super clean, and the property is beautiful. I stayed for 6 nights and ate at Frank & Alberts 5 times (1x dinner, 2x breakfast, 2x lunch). 4 out of 5 of the meals were fantastic, so that's a pretty great batting average for any restaurant. As mentioned in the beginning, go there to eat, hang out, get a drink, and enjoy the beautiful property. Heck, even stay there in a non-Ocatilla room for a few nights, but make sure your room is far far away from the elevator.
3	(I stayed in the Main Building - 1421, top floor)the biltmore looks like a phoenix hotel should, if that makes any senseit seems like an older hotel with more or less recent-y upgradesthe room was pretty clean - the bed cushy and comfortablethe bathroom was okay, they had gilchrist & soames shampoo, conditioner, body wash and lotion. i was not a fan of the shower - it had one of those rain shower heads and while it was a little better than being spit upon, it wasn't that much better - i.e., the water pressure sucked. so was the draining - i was getting ankle-deep because of the slow drainage - yuck! i don't take very long showers, but i had to turn it off twice just to let it drain.the tv is nice - they had the standard channels (hbo, espn, cnn, tbs, tnt, etc), although no food channel, booo. they also had a video controller, so i guess you would be able to play some video games, but i don'tthey have one of those ipod docking station alarm clocks, so that was also nice, except i forgot my ipodmy room connected to the rooms on each side (that would be the older hotel part, i guess). the doors to those rooms had full-length mirrors on them, but the placement of the lounging chairs made it hard to get full use out of the full-length mirrors.the hotel is not near anything else and definitely not walkable to anything but the multitude of pools, tennis courts and golf course, not that you would want to walk anywhere most of the time in phoenix - it was over 100 degrees the whole time i was there (in Sept), so we ate at one of the hotel restaurants - frank & albert's. small plates for dinner and breakfasts. the pulled pork empanadas were okay - it wasn't very warm, i expected it to be warm and it was sitting on a cold bed of corn, beans and avocado. the chicken lollipops, while messier, were much better. had the same issue as the empanadas with the dessert, as the cookie crumbles - i think the description was "made to order" so i figured that meant that the cookie would be warm, it was not - there was a scoop of vanilla ice cream on it, but i had a bite as soon as they put the plate down and even the part that wasn't touching the ice cream was cool
3	Got a good rate compared to others for the Mr's 30th High School reunion. Alas with the good rate also goes the "priceline" location.  If you use priceline you know what I am talking about- the room next to the stairs or ice machine with a view of roof air conditioners.  In this case we did not use priceline- just a group code so we were in the very corner of the terrace building with a view of the street.  The room was nice and the bed very comfortable, there were quite a few stains on the carpet though and my standard bathtub at home is larger than the tub in the room.I think priceline and the rooms at the local casinos have spoiled me! For 1/3 of the price we paid here you get waay better there. I would not pay full price to stay here, especially now that I can cross it off my list of places to see.The terrace building kind of reminds me of the old melrose place show, it has it's own little pool.  There are a lot of pools on the property, I thought the Catalina pool which is all tile was the coolest, it has a fountain that separates the kid's side which is shallow (think 50's).  The front desk said they call it the Marilyn Monroe pool because she always said that it was her favorite pool in the whole world.Other posters mentioned tours but we were not advised of one.  We went to the concierge and told them we wanted to learn more about this fabulous property so gave us a map and told us to wander, they even let us go into the "history room" which is a 2 story meeting room located on the 3rd floor with all of the history of the building of the property we thought that was the coolest! The reunion was on the golf course next to the pro shop.  All I have to say about the food is YUCK-O!  They had green salad with 3 dressings and cold mushy penne pasta with red sauce.  Dis Gus TING!!  The reunion was supposed to go to 11pm and they shut the bar down at 10pm.  That actually was a smart thing to get the laggers moving on.I don't get other yelpers complaining about "pool-hoppers" or non-paying guests at "their" pools.  I didn't see over crowding at any of the pools nor as a guest was I told that we could only use the pool in our area.  Do you really think people are going to pay $28 to park on property to pool hop?  What you guys are saying seems weird to me.
3	I recently stayed a week for business event going on there and was impressed with the size of the grounds and the beauty of the lobby. The hotel has a rather long history, i think and they've done a great job restoring the architectural details. The staff is friendly and the outside lounge/firepit area was my favorite spot to sit and read or have a drink. I stayed in a room located in one of the cottages and that is where I think the hotel lost some points from me. I thought it was a nice feature to have rooms available in smaller cottages like they do, but the room I happen to get was located in the back corner of one of the cottages so it felt very dark. The one window I had in the room opened to a the view of a cement wall so I had practically no natural light at all. The placement of the TV was located strangely...it was facing a direction that was not facing the bed at all, so everyday I constantly had to turn the TV so I could see it. The TV was not a HUGE deal but just something I found annoying. Overall, the room was tidy and clean...but just really dark. The event staff was very friendly and always ready to help. The food served at the event I attended was decent, but what can you really expect from food that is cooked in very large quantities. I didn't play any golf but the views of the course are very picturesque and I thought it was really nice that they had walking/running trails for people to exercise on. Overall, I had a nice stay at the hotel...personally I like to stay in places a little more modern but I can see it being a nice place to hold weddings or events. If you do stay there and choose to stay in a cottage, make sure it's a room with a window not facing a cement wall.
5	This review is for the Thanksgiving dinner buffet served in the Gold Room at the Arizona Biltmore on Thursday November 26th. We had 1:30 reservations and arrived 5 minutes early. For some reason we were seated outside on the patio, surrounded by empty tables as  everyone else was seated inside. I thought it was odd at first but the weather was beautiful and I thought better to be outside with the garden view than inside with all the crowds of people. Within 30 seconds our server was at our table. She said her name was Nic, like Nic at night. She welcomed us and made us feel like we were her only guests. Offered us complementary champagne and showed us inside to the unbelievable buffet. We started with the small plates, crab & avocado, herb poached shrimp, truffle lobster medallions, seriously good food. We then hit the cheese and fruit station filled with imported cheeses, meats, olives and assorted breads. The entrees were also incredible as they featured a carving station with roasted tom turkey, prime rib & maple glazed ham. Other entrees & sides included coriander dusted sea bass with lemon cream, Lavender glazed chicken, baked cauliflower with walnuts, sage sourdough stuffing, garlic mashed potatoes and of course gravy. Our server Nic continued to keep our champagne glasses full while all the time making sure we had everything we needed, replacing cloth napkins and silverware as needed. In the end, even though I did not think I could eat another bite, I managed to try the cherries jubilee made fresh with a splash of Grand Mariner and scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Yes, it was a pricey meal but definitely worth it and an eating experience I will not soon forget. Oh and nic if you are reading this, thank you for making our thanksgiving dinner extra special!
2	I couldn't agree more with Fly I. The front-end experience leaves a lot to be desired. It's Hilton-managed and Morgan-Stanley owned, so one should expect more, or perhaps not. It's not Kimpton service, that's for sure:Our room was robbed. The management reaction was professional (i.e., what had to be done was done), and that's it--no high-touch, no check-in a day later to see if everything was OK, no offer to replace stolen goods ("we need to hear back from our insurance company").The wait staff at Frank & Alberts was great, but the maitre d's were pretty clueless--one night, they didn't want to seat us in the garden because they "had just seated 50 people." We insisted, but they kept wanting to seat us in the stuffy bar--somehow, that would work better.... Finally, they gave in, and sat us in the back. Our waitron said she had four tables, and didn't know what the front was talking about. That pretty much sums up the disconnect at Ariz. Biltmore.The happy hour at F&A's is great, if uneven--one night the mojito is weak, the next night it's wicked strong. I ordered a vodka gimlet and got a vodka lemonade.... But if you don't like the drink, the wait-staff will happily have a new one made. High concept: you want to overtip the staff, and short-change the hotel.The setting is beautiful, and this place could be an absolute must-return visit. But right now, it's off our short list.Follow-up: after posting this, I read through other Yelp-ers reviews--there are at least two other theft stories here, and that's just Yelpers: Arizona Biltmore-get your act together!
4	Amazing hotel filled with history and amazing architecture. Desk and bell staff were helpful. The food was great at Frank & Albert's, and the service was great too there! Amazing patio! If you're holding an event here, double check the catering food however, not so hot. :(
4	Absolutely beautiful Frank Lloyd Wright  inspired hotel where every President since Herbert Hoover has stayed (Obama has yet to make an appearance). We chose to stay in the Octavilla building. Yes, it's far from the parking lot (hence the minus one star) but the rooms are new and spacious - accented with the signature Biltmore blocks in the bathroom and in the headboard. Breakfast at Frank & Alberts was delicious with  organic, locally grown ingredients included on the menu.  Definitely take the time to explore the grounds and the buildings and ask the concierge to sign you up for the historical tour where you can learn about all the amazing architecture and well-known guests and traditions at the Biltmore. To think that the piano in the lobby has been played by the likes of Frank Sinatra, Billy Joel, and Bono! Tip: carry a map of the hotel with you - it's very easy to get lost!
4	An idol of my youth whose best times are probably behind it, sadly.I've been there so many times for special occasions. It's always seemed like the real core of the Valley to me. The grounds and main halls are still beautiful and are maintained with a reverence that is befitting a national landmark.But as a place to stay . . . . ya know. . . there's a newer Hilton not so far away. And the Marriott Buttes are really nice. Out in North Scottsdale and Carefree they have some really great places, too.Your experience of the Biltmore will depend entirely on two factors: How much you have to spend, and in which section your room resides.The newer casita section is nice and feels modern and premium. The rooms that were built-up in the 50's and 60's are less so, but still nice in their modernist way. The rooms in the main building would seem to be the real catch, but only for those with an historical interest. The world does hotel rooms differently now than they did in the 1920's, and there are some elements of the layout that can't be changed--like needing to walk a block or so (partially through a carpeted lobby)  to get to the pool.Also, if you happen to get a deal on the rooms at their Summertime rate (which can be a great savings) keep in mind that you'll also be paying over $12 for a plain bagel and plain coffee at the on-site Starbucks. Unlike at many other hotels, there's no way to just pop across the street to get something more reasonable. You'll likely need to drive a mile or so to get to the slightly less-expensive Biltmore Fashion Park or the businesses along Camelback Road. And it can get tiring if you decide to self-park instead of availing yourself of the valet parking (which rings in at a modest $20 per day plus gratuity), because the self-parking areas can be a real hike. So if you have the dosh to hang with the elite crowd--or just a really fat expense account and an understanding boss or controller--then I'm sure it can be a suitably swank experience. And you know Clark Gable and Rita Hayworth and the Reagans and all of them stayed there. However, at that level of $wank, there are other choices that are a bit more accommodating.
4	During the summer, we like to take a mini staycation. This year it was extra special as we also got engaged. Our stay at the Biltmore was just fantastic. The service exceptional, the food amazing- it was great at the pool, Wrights and also at Frank and Alberts. The only reason I am not giving it a full 5 stars is the 'upgraded' room was just a nice basic room. Though it was certainly nice, it wasnt what I expected for being the Biltmore. However, everything else certainly lived up to that expectation.
4	Hello, AZ Biltmore! When I heard my husband's cousin was having her wedding reception here, I was thrilled!It's a beautiful resort! I love the architecture from Frank Lloyd Wright. The multiple fire pits make for a cozy and enjoyable visit with friends. The ballroom was perfect! Nice sized dance floor, the wedding party was set up on a stage so everyone could have a view of the bride and groom. The dining service was excellent. The Biltmore has it down and executes catering to parties seamless and smooth. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and respectful. I felt like a VIP the entire night.
5	Awesome hotel, great architecture and sweet golfcourse!
4	First of all many of you are WRONG!! This is not a Frank Lloyd Wright building! It was designed by Albert Chase McArthur, who was also a great architect of that time. However, there are some pieces of work by Frank Lloyd Wright inside the building (most notably the glass window in the entryway titled 'Saguaros'). Anyway this place is beautiful and great for any formal occasion. I went there recently for High Tea and it was fabulous. As many other reviews have said, this place is quite 'swanky' and many reviewers have commented variably on the service. This is not the soft, warming service of a place such as a Kimpton Resort; it has a more proper sense of service. Regardless they are very respectful and anything you ask of them is accommodated. You really can't go wrong at the Biltmore; the building and landscape are gorgeous, service is great, and the food is good!
4	We were exceptionally sun deprived by the time March came around, so that may have swayed my review to be exceptionally sunny.  I was pleasantly surprised by the FLW inspired architecture (I didn't do any research on the hotel-my husband picked it) and by the beautiful grounds. Our room was very comfortable but we spent the majority of our time at the pool or on the  patio relaxing.  It is definitely not 5 star service across the board, but no one was rude. Our room wasn't cleaned the entire 3 days we were there, even after we asked the front desk to send housekeeping. That didn't get us down--after all, we didn't come there to hang out in our room. At Frank and Alberts, the staff gladly switched the TV to the game we wanted to watch and the food was great.
3	I fell for another cheap trick, "$50 Spa Week."  This is a promo that allows people to take the opportunity to visit participating "top spas" in and around their neigborhoods for $50 selected treatments.  I chose to visit the AZ Biltmore Spa for an aromatherapy facial and even after I read some negative reviews on Yelp about it, I went anyway.  I figured that I'd make my own consumer decision.  Once I got passed the road sign that indicated where to go, there were no more signage so I was left clueless. THIS PLACE IS HARD TO FIND. I parked my car and headed in the wrong direction.  After walking for a few minutes, a young man who worked there asked me if I was lost and then told me I needed to head back in the other direction.  However, he was nice enough to let me ride back with him on his golf cart.  It's a good thing that I came early.  Let me just say that, if this guy did not find me in time, I wouldn't have found this place.  IT WAS LOCATED BEHIND THE TENNIS COURT WITH NO SIGNS SAYING SO.My final thoughts: I had a great facial massage by Anne but just like one Yelp Naysayer had said, "it's not your mama's spa. It's your grandmama's spa." It wasn't hot, trendy or that much inviting.  It felt old and cold. So, I ended up paying $77 for the facial.  Why I paid that much for a $50 treatment? Because $27 was the gratuity that was included.  That's more than the 20% I was willing to pay.  That's the reason why I said Spa Week is a cheap trick because if I wanted to pay regular price for a facial, I wouldn't participate in Spa Week. Tomorrow is the last day of this "special deal," so if you haven't sign up on their web site: www.spaweek.com, DON'T.
4	Flawless check-in: Front desk staff greeted me promptly, told me my room was ready and I was given vouchers for breakfast, welcome letters from the manager, and directions with a little map on how to navigate the grounds.  I had also forgotten my phone charger at home, so I got directions to the closest Verizon store (but not before the concierge checked to see if he had an extra charger in the stash of chargers people left behind in their hotel rooms).The common courtyard/garden is spectacular- there are tables & chairs that surround one side, fire pits at night, adirondack chairs on the edges, all overlooking a showcase water fountain, grass, palm trees & flowers.  Great landscaping!  There are also little nooks between hotel & villa/cottage buildings- I stumbled across a giant lawn chess set as I was trying to get to the parking lot one day- very cool.  Room service rides around the property on big tricycles- very cool.  When I was here, there were lots of families and older folks- there was a golf tournament & Passover event so I'm guessing those are the drivers of the weekend demographics.Hotel room was very standard and almost a disappointment if I didn't read it already in the other Yelp reviews.  I got a good deal too so I wasn't too bummed...just know that the rooms are a little dated and don't really match the Wright style of design that dominates the exterior and the common areas.  The A/C is also very loud- I ran it during the day while I wasn't in the room and turned it off at night so I could sleep in peace.  Bed is alright- mattress is a little too springy for me, has a cushy feather bed on top and a good amount of pillows- but Westin bed it ain't.  On my last night, there was a giant and bright full moon, which I enjoyed by opening my curtains and letting the moonlight shine into my room.  There are quite a few options in different price ranges- the cottages look fun and have patios where you can sit outside...I'm guessing those cost quite a bit more.Huge con- parking.  Valet costs $20+ a night, and Self Parking is $12...there's definitely not enough space for self parking so you're left to stalk guests who are leaving, or suck it up and park in the valet.  It's also quite a trek if you end up parking at the far end of the lot...I didn't mind since I could use the exercise, but if you have luggage or can't walk that far, be prepared to valet or be dropped off at the front entrance.  Another con that I ended up being happy about- their spa was completely booked for Spa Week and they couldn't possibly fit in another treatment, even for a paying guest like myself.  It ended up OK, b/c I spent the day at another resort and spa, which i liked even better.  I took a stroll though the spa area- it was attached to the main pool area which was very loud, and didn't seem as lush or pleasant as the spa I ended up going to.  The pool areas get very full- try checking out the multiple pools they have on property to see which best fits your style.  Cheap thin small pool towels too- you'll need at least 2 to cover your chair.Really convenient- near Biltmore Fashion Park for shopping & restaurants, and not far from the highway and airport.  All in all, it was a nice place to stay with beautiful ground and great service- I'll probably go check out another hotel the next time I'm in town, but if I find an incredible deal to the AZ Biltmore, I wouldn't hesitate to take advantage.
5	My husband and I held our wedding at the Arizona Biltmore on April 2nd, 2011. The catering staff was amazing, and everything was provided to us to our satisfaction. We stayed in one of the villas for our wedding night and the room was absolutely amazing. They had chilled champagne and chocolates waiting for us when we arrived, and the whirlpool tub was absolutely what we needed after a very long day. We ordered room service in the morning and it was excellent. Great hotel, beautiful property, and great staff.
3	Room was ok. Curtain torn and A/C made a really annoying clicking sound every 15 seconds, which interrupted my sleep somewhat. Bathroom ok but slightly dated. Lovely venue for wedding reception though, with a truely superb backdrop.
1	10 of us hired a limo and made a reservation for the High Tea at the Arizona Biltmore.  The only thing that was pleasant was the limo ride.  After arriving and making our way to the tea, there was no one at the desk to seat us.  We finally had to go to inside and flag down a server to find out where everyone was.  After a few minutes, we were seated.  The 10 of us waited for over 10 minutes before we were recognized by a server.  After another 15 minutes, we had the tea delivered and plopped on the table.  We were left to serve the tea ourselves.  When the food came, 20 minutes later, the scones were good, but everything else was at best mediocre.  The sandwiches were dry and basically not eatable.  The server indicated that we could have as much as we wanted, but failed to return to the table to replenish our tea, water, and food.  The only thing they got right was the automatic 18% gratuity charged along with our $418 bill.  Our group has been to 4 teas at different establishments in Phoenix and the tea at the Biltmore was by FAR the worst. If you're thinking of going I would strongly advise against it.RLPhoenix
4	I have never stayed at the Biltmore but I recently went here for a conference (1 day only) and I was blown away by how beautiful it was.  The grounds are meticulously kept a brilliant green and the gorgeous flower beds made my heart smile just walking around.  I loved the architecture of the buildings (even though I am not a FLW fan).  The stonework and also the outdoor statuary gave the place a very Native Latin American feeling without that cheesy "southwest" decor.  Even the lobby was gorgeous... the restaurants and bar had such a classy feel to them.  I was surprised by how many pools this place has, each with a different vibe to it.  You could go to a different one every day depending on your mood.  Between those and the shops, restaurants, outdoor games, and golf courses it seems like this is truly a place you could just stay at without leaving for the entire trip.  I hope someday, I will. ;0)
2	I stayed at this hotel on June 3 to June 5.  While the architecture, and the fact that it is tightly linked with the genius that is Frank Lloyd Wright, is worth at least a night's stay, the overall experience is somewhat confusing and a mish-mash forcing one to ponder whether one has experienced an elite bastion of resort history or a dying emblem of what might have been. I stayed at the Ocatilla -- the "hotel within a hotel."  The room was well-appointed and delightfully lush compared with my friends' off-the-rack accommodations which appeared somewhat worn and needing refurbishment.  As part of the Ocatilla, one is promised amenities such as a shoe-shine and pressing service.  None of which was ever offered, nor seemed realistically obtainable.  The Ocatilla executive club room was tightly guarded. Indeed, when my room key would not open the club room door, I was asked for my name and room number and I was somewhat humbled that I just might have entered under dubious circumstances.  The offerings for breakfast were carbohydrates only, with an exception for yogurt in a martini glass.  And I did see at least two gusts bring in their own cereal. The swimming pool near my room, one of several on the property, was delightful.  As I'm not much for Phoenix sunlight, we reveled in the salt water pool at night.  With few people present, it was a great deal of fun and was by far the most fun I've had in a while. The spa was not so delightful.  The men's locker room was eery, with lockers being close to the door.  To walk into such a small area with retiree genitalia flailing may be entertaining to some, but can be somewhat disturbing for those with higher expectations.  The attendants that were on staff ranged from over-reaching (acceptable) to a too-young apprentice who I overheard talking with a loud-mouthed receptionist about the horrors of toilet paper remnants lodged in women's pubic hair.  While anyone able to afford the high prices should be strong, who among us should be that strong? The spa's manicurist was terrific.  I just wished there would have been a more private area in which to have my hooves trimmed.  Passersby were gawking through the windows and it reminded me of a cheap Asian nail establishment in the Indianapolis mall. My overall experience memory stems from my initial check-in experience.  The Waldorf sent an E-mail after I had made my reservation that said that, if available, when I checked in I could spend an additional  $20 to be upgraded.  When I mentioned this to the desk clerk she had no idea what I wa talking about and said: "Well, you already have an Ocatilla executive room."  Though I was silent, my reply should have been: "Honey, if you told me I could have something a little better for twenty bucks, then make it happen."  Oversold.  Under-delivered. That I was with friends a week after my mother's death was cool.  But the physical experience was lacking.  My opinion only, but I think this property was built for a timeless level of service that time and numbed expectations will deny her.
2	i went to phoenix for a quick vacation and stayed at the biltmore. front desk staff was quite gracious at check in.room and grounds were beautiful.heres why 2 stars. it was 120 degrees i was walking from my room to the pool on the grass as i was barefoot and the sidewalk was scorching. imbedded in the grass was a green painted metal thing about the 5 inches across and 3 inches tall. i didnt see it as it was painted the same color as the grass and it just blended in. i stubbed and broke my toe on it.   i asked the bartender by the pool for some bandaids as i was bleeding. she obliged but that was it. i went to tell the front desk about it cause its dangerous. they gave me $75 credit. i didnt ask for a credit but thought to myself broken toe is worth way more than $75 dollars. i also didnt express my displeasure cause i was on vacation and didnt want to deal with it. unfortunately my vacation was ruined cause i wasnt able to walk around or do anything i wanted to do.
5	I love this place. my favorite is the Baltimore Suite or the Villa which is about $550-$1,600 per night depending on season.Very professional and very clean. I always stay here for business and baseball tournaments. There are several pools and great food. The cost is well worth the service and clean rooms and comfortable beds. If you like being pampered, clean rooms and clean bathrooms with marble and granite, then this is the place for you. Money is well spent here.
3	Great location and history here.  Overall a nice place but has really never blown me away.
4	If you have to be in Phoenix this is the place to be. I didn't fall in love with Phoenix, but the hotel was lovely. Frank Lloyd Wright hotel, with that beautiful art deco vibe. Several pools with one main one that has a swim up bar. Fitness area, great local hiking trails and Frank and Alberts restaurant in the hotel was amazing. We stayed at the terrace section of the hotel and we had a little pool right down stairs. If you want to go somewhere hot and mostly stay and enjoy the hotel this is a very good option.
5	This is one of the most beautiful hotels I've seen.  Well appointed and full of rich history, this place is truly a 5 Star property!  I was here to meet a client for a business meeting & lunch.  If you're visiting during the hot Summer months, I recommend valet parking as it is a pretty long walk from the self parking lot to the entrance of the hotel.The property is sprawled out over a large amount of acres....a classical designed hotel.  They don't make places like this anymore.The service here is outstanding as well.  Everyone from Valet to the food servers understand what it means to provide excellent "customer service".  I will definitely be back soon.Return Factor - 100%
5	The Arizona Biltmore has been oasis in the central valley for decades. I remember going to the Biltmore when I was younger and at that time I really didn't appreciate the architecture like I do now. This beautiful hotel would seem cold and dark in most environments, but it works in Phoenix. If you have the opportunity stay here in the Christmas season. The lights and cooler nights are ideal for hanging out by the fire pits and taking in Squaw Peak. Always great food whether you are at Wrights, Frank & Alberts or the cafe in the courtyard. Prices are higher, so know that going in. The Hotel offers breaks in the off-season so that may help offset that cost somewhat.
5	All Waldorf Astoria......My wife and I stay here 4-5 times a year and have never had a problem. Everyone is so nice. Frank and Alberts is excellent, We have a great time on the putting green.......great times!!!!!
4	The Arizona Biltmore is outstanding.  Frank Lloyd Wright designed!  Beautiful views! Pools are awesome!  Beds are comfortable.  It was a hot place to stay for July, but it worked!  The only negative - scorpions in the room, not once, but twice.  However, I am still giving this place 4 stars because it's awesome!
4	We love going to the Arizona Biltmore, whether to eat or enjoy the patio off of the Wright Bar. The Frank Lloyd Wright design still blows me away with his detail. I don't know of too many lobbies that have a more beautiful seating area. The hotel's new Hollywood and Wine Events was a great find for us. On specified weekends the hotel hosts either comedy or musical acts in one of their rooms. We went to the Comedy show last weekend and had an amazing time. $10 for the tickets (show lasted 2 hours) and the well drinks were only $5 (includes martinis). I was paying $19 at the Wright Bar just 100 yards away. Great comics and overall show. The Biltmore is worth just visiting or spending a few days to enjoy the spa and golf. Glad we live right there to enjoy it year round.
3	Frank Lloyd Wright design is really cool to see in person. I loved the nostalgic feel of the hotel.  Service was good, our first  room was hot due to a/c issues and they got us a new room quickly.  After a nights stay I picked up a towel from the bathroom counter and out came a scorpion. I told the guy at the front desk and he was like yeah we have been dealing with that for awhile, thanks for letting me know. WTF! How about you should have let me know about it at check in! That's why I can't give it a higher rating.
3	For an old hotel this is a beautiful one. Our rooms were amazing and the beds were top notch.  The swimming pools were incredible with a nice 92' slide for the kids.. and adults.  Yes, i went once.Frank & Alberts is here and has some of the best food Ive eaten in the valley.  So that alone gets the stars up.My only beef was that because this is an old hotel, there lacks a few things. When you go into your rooms, the hallways are incredibly hot.  You'll break a sweat with no problem in the elevators too.  Also the elevator near our room was broken the entire weekend, so we had to walk a good distance to go to our room (waaahh.. yeah yeah).I still gave this three stars because it's a good place for us when we did Hell City this past weekend.
4	Old school luxury - This is a Frank Lloyd Wright hotel from the 30's through and through and the staff are nothing short of gracious. We requested pool side, which we got, but it was the wrong pool... Ha! Make sure you request the "main pool" which is the one with the swim-up bar, slide, etc... Unfortunately the Sunday Brunch (which is famous) was closed due to remodeling. Either way, we loved the overall experience and will be back.
4	I've stayed at the Biltmore twice, once was a five star experience, and the other was about a three, so I'll split the difference and give them a four. The first time I stayed here was in a super cute cottage. We had fabulous service from everyone. The only complaint I had with this trip was that housekeeping knocked at 9 AM (which they did on my second trip too). I realize nine is not ungodly, but it's a little early to be hustled out of your room so someone can make your bed, that you would have never left if you didn't have to stop the persistent knocking from the other side of the door. So that sucked. But besides that it was a great experience.This last time was okay. We got a great deal on the room and they let us check in super early, which was awesome. The air wasn't working when we first got to the room, but I'll let them off the hook for that because they quickly fixed it and the room was cool before the 4:00 check-in time, so for all I know that was their plan the whole time. My boyfriend spent the morning golfing and even though it was miserably hot,  had a great time. The bartenders at the pool were nice enough, and we were pretty obnoxious, so nice enough is pretty much all we could hope for.One of the sinks in the bathroom didn't drain and the cosmetic mirror in the bathroom was broken (not the mirror the little thing that kept it stable in the wall), so that was a minor inconvenience that I wouldn't normally expect from resorts of this caliber.We also got a couple in room massages, which were great, but then due to a misunderstanding with the credit cards on file (I used mine for the room, my boyfriend used his for the massages), I got charged for both the room AND the massages. And, god bless my boyfriend, but I really can't rationalize spending $400 on a couple 55 minute backrubs unless that back rub comes with, say, an iPod. I called Biltmore and they said they could reverse the charges and put them on another card, but it might be easier to just ask him for the cash. So he paid me back but I obviously wish I could have avoided it all together. I mean, that's awkward right? To have someone do a nice gesture for you and then you end up accidentally paying for the nice gesture so you have to awkwardly bring up that while the gesture was nice, you kind of can't pay for it and omg I already feel like I'm on an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm so I'll just stop right there and hope you get the point. It was very stressful for me.Assuming you don't share my social etiquette neurosis, I'm sure you'll have a great  time at the Biltmore. The summer rates are unbeatable, and if you can stay at a Cottage do so because they are just adorable, especially by the little putt putt holes. Just make sure to double check your room upon check in and double check your folio upon check out and you'll be fine.
5	I am staying here now and the holiday decor is beautiful. This is a lovely historic hotel. Christmas trees in rows elaborate gingerbread houses. Just a great place to get into the Christmas spirit.
3	I give this a 4 stars based on the uniqueness of the resort. It is tucked away behind some mansions and has beautiful historic grounds. This may have made my expectations sky high while staying here. The rest of the resort was okay. The rooms are older and need some renovating and the service is solid. Not a bad place, but what's inside doesn't compare to what is outside.
5	Have a lavender lemon martini!! Wonderful.
5	I have always wanted to stay here but we often opt for the younger Phoenician in Scottsdale. My room was in the newer Paradise villa and was large and bright.     Pool is amazing! Food and Beverage options are great but not cheap. I was not charged for parking as some have said, there is a $13 room fee, but Internet was free and without complication. The staff were awesome, the meeting facilities were good though the food and service was not to the caliber of the hotel. Maybe it was my group but the hotel was a 5 and the meeting food and service was a 3 at best.   The Spa was nice and service was good, but for the price the are asking it's just not worth the services. Skip the massage, use the gym for free and there will be no disappointments.
5	Beautiful location.  We had a nice time walking through the gardens and touring the property.  The staff is incredibly friendly.  We stayed in the Octilla, but didn't do the executive lounge, there were too many time places to eat and drink.  The rooms were gorgeous and spacious.  There was a pool and hot tub closer to our building but spent most of the second day at the Cabana Club which is closer to the spa.  Drinks here are weak and probably not worth it.  But the hot tub is large and the waterfall slide is another fun option.We enjoyed the happy hour at Frank and Albert, $5 martini's.  My favorite was the Apple Spice (nothing like those sickly sweet green appletini's).  We sat near the fire pits in the main garden area.  Dinner at Wright's was amazing and I recommend it.
4	Stayed here last week and it was a very nice hotel.  I really liked the architecture.  My room was very good.  Used the meeting and conference facilities while here and they were very good as well.  Really liked the service at the fire pits at night when I was allowed to bring my own wine down to drink it with friends.  Lunch at the pool was very good.  I would stay here again.
3	I'm a Hilton Honors Diamond member, so I'm obviously super loyal to the brand.  However the Biltmore isn't right for everyone.  If you know what to expect, you can have a fantastic stay, but if you expect the Waldorf=Astoria experience, you will most likely be disappointed.Pros:- the public areas are incredible; the stunning lobby is worth a half hour sit to take it in- the pools areas are some of the best in Arizona (which have some of the best in the world)- most of the staff seems to be 4 star trained, which is hard to find in the relaxed Arizona resort row- the history of the hotel is unmatched in the state. You'll find cool touches in unexpected places (e.g. there's a Nancy and Ronald Reagan registration card with notes about their honeymoon in the room service menu). FLW is everywhere you look.- the fitness center is one of the best I've ever seen at a hotel, and it was free.Cons:- MAN are these rooms shabby!  I've stayed several times and toured 4 suites in preparation for a meeting.  All rooms are worn down, but this review is of the last stay in 2126- the carpets are worse than frayed, there's actually a crease running the length of the room- the two nightstands, table, desk, and TV stand all are warped and peeling motel 6 style- the bathtub is worn and needs be glazed or resurfaced- the outdated leather headboard had had holes in it- every surface is scuffed - even the ceiling!- there was one front desk clerk for much of the stay.  Very difficult to get them to answer the phone and/or help with anything- no in room coffee.  This a resort practice of the PAST.  High end resorts used to feel fresh coffee brewed from the kitchen was compulsory as single serve coffee makers were brewing substandard watered down cups. Starbucks, Wolfgang Puck, and Lavaza are great brands that the Biltmore should look into..Basically, if you'll be out of your room the entire stay, this place is great.  If you want a nice room, go down the road to Starwood Luxury Collection's Phoenician: much nicer iconic resort for the same rates.
4	I am reviewing Sunday Brunch at Wrights. LOVELY and Outstanding ! James our server was a dear, the food was delish! I wish I had more room for all those wonderful desserts, Very unique menu, Veal Stroganoff. Vanilla Bean Soaked infused fruit salad with Pineapple.  Banana Cream and Caramel Brule. The cold buffet included all the standards like shrimp, italian ham, Caprese, Muffins, Scones, and Breads. Loved the Zucchini bread.  The hot menu upgrade included Lobster Eggs Benedict, Lavender Infused Waffles, Flapjacks, Organic Tortilla Chicken. It was delightful! The resort is so beautiful. Looks like a type of old school, European Castle. The lobby  is gorgeous! Parking is not that great here though. This was a lovely day treat!
4	Stayed here with my girlfriend for a Radiohead show and a get away weekend from work.  Got the hotel for the amenities which were great, we played tennis, enjoyed the fantastic people watching at the pool, great cocktails to include the Tequila Sunrise, and some light putt putt outside our cottage.  The room was not ready when we got there so we got a cottage which was supposed to be an upgrade with a semi private patio.  The room was actually very nice and had a great tv which we might have watched for a grand total of 30 minutes in 4 days.  Our room was made up between 4-5 each day that we planned to stay there and then on the day we plan to check out, they came by at 8:30....not sure what the problem was there.  We also had to call about our A/C after we sweated the first night but it was fixed and no problems after that so maybe it was just a glitch which happens.  You are probably wondering what if anything was wrong, the only issue we had was the concierge.....nightmare, no help whatsoever.  Called several times, both girlfriend and I and got the reply on two separate occasions to just check google.  I have stayed at less nice hotels and had much better service with concierge, this hotel should realize what their clients might be interested in and do some research.  All in all, great trip and a nice and above par stay.  I would certainly stay here again if I can get my girl to go with me!
4	We were on the grounds for six days with two kids, a very family friendly resort. It was grand and lively, and comfortable. The pools were great. The keepers of the hotel were kind, and helpful, and it was 4 stars all the way. So many favorite spots- and all of which were easily accessible! The fire pits, the fountain, the lobby & hot dining spots- all beautiful. It was not a pretentious resort, it was homey. Surrounded by the beauty of the desert, it is as they say, a jewel.  The restaurants all had four star dining, and the prices were reasonable. Suggest bringing Snacks and H20- so you can spurge on other things... the husband took a yoga class and said it was great. I would have liked to, but next time.  I rarely feel at ease anywhere. Here, I felt so relaxed. We hated to leave.
5	I've written about the grounds, I've written about the rooms and I've written about the restaurants. Now it's time to write about the blissful and majestic spa on the grounds of the Arizona Biltmore. Oh I could very easily get used to doing a spa day every day. However, until that heavenly day comes, I will be content with doing a relaxing spa day here and there when my pocket books lets me. This spa excels in customer service, amenities and services. First of all, the customer service is sublime. They aren't pushy but they are always available. They keep a smile on their face and aim to please without being overly aggressive or coming off sarcastic. The amenities are state of the art. During a spa day, you have access to the tennis courts which are right outside the gym doors, the gym and their equipment that's perfect (especially their treadmills with personal tvs), a jacuzzi, sauna, resort pool and more. You can also partake in a group hike, group bike ride or several other daily activities they offer. Now let's talk about the services. I've visited their hair salon and most recently, the actual spa. I got my hair done in the salon for my sister's wedding years ago and they did a fabulous job. On my most recent visit, I got a Swedish massage. During my massage, my massage therapist was amazing and gave me one of the best massages I've had. In addition, she was extremely friendly (but not chatty which I appreciate because I don't like talking during a massage). This spa offers specials every month, including a Tranquil Tuesday special where you can get a facial or massage for just $75 on Tuesdays between 2-8 PM. Now you know where I will be during the summer!
5	We had a small wedding there and were very satisfied.  The planning went well, and the wedding came off beautifully.
5	OMG -- if you are a Frank Lloyd Wright fan.  Every detail of this hotel showcases his great work, and to me this is a grander example than even Taliesin West to see in fine detail a grand design.  I did not sample the food but just being there was a feast for the eyes.
2	I won't be coming back.I came here for a conference in April 2012. The hotel itself is a little run down.  Several people I talked to had problems with their rooms needing repairs. The grounds are attractive as long as you don't look to close. The property has the square block style of Frank Lloyd Wright design, and many of the blocks and mortar are in need of repair. On our first night here we walked with our two young kids to one of the restaurants on the property. We were seated immediately, then left after 20 minutes when nobody came by our table. Went back to the room and ordered room service (young kids getting very hungry and cranky by this time) and we were told 45 minutes for the order. Ok. It took an hour and a half. I told them we have four people eating but they only sent settings and drinks for two. Fine - we'll take it at this point.The next morning we were awakened by a maintenance worker in our room. "You have a problem with your bathroom light?" uhhhh....no and why did you let yourself in to our room without knocking? No apology, he just left. Strange.There are some nice things about this place. For kids, it is great. They have an awesome water slide and countless pools. There is a shaded play area for kids that rivals many community parks. For the grown ups, there is a swim up bar. There are also several putting areas, a croquet game, and one of those giant chess sets that nobody uses.For the price and claimed prestige of this hotel, i found it to be a big let down.
2	I don't understand the 4-stars folks.  Yes, the outside is pretty, yes, FLW did a great job on the design.  But you can come for lunch and see all that.  There's no reason to actually stay here.  The rooms are completely falling apart.  I had to move from my first one because the a/c sounded like a jack hammer AND the toilet didn't work.   The second one's carpet was soaking wet and the toilet worked...sometimes.  But after waiting an HOUR for the bellman to bring my key for the first move (when they originally said 10-15 minutes) I just sucked it up and stayed in the second broken room so I wouldn't be late for my meeting.Some of the food is pretty good and there are some creative options (the Ranch Stack at breakfast, the duck-fat poached fries at lunch).  But the service varied widely.  At Frank & Albert's, I had a bartender make me a to-go order who was so friendly and helpful.  The next day at brunch the waiter totally forgot about me and I couldn't get a refill and eventually had to ask someone else to bring me my check.  Plus, the room service took forever. I also had a few spa treatments.  The massage was so good that I sought out a comment card to let her manager know.  I believe her name was Katie.  The facial was very mediocre and only lasted 38 minutes  (rather than 50 as advertised).  I wouldn't say my skin was in great condition afterward.  And the facialist was also trying to sell me some cleansing brush and products.  Not my favorite relaxing experience.  Overall, 2 stars for being pretty, the good massage, and because customer service wasn't consistently terrible.  But  I don't think I'll return next time I'm in Phoenix.
5	It does not get any better than this!This place is STUNNING. One of the most beautiful hotels I have ever stayed in. I stayed in a villa and only one night. The pools are beautiful and the Villas have their own private pool. One that I know of had a water slide. It is very spacious in the inside, I had my own fireplace, full on kitchen, dining, and living room with a huge patio. Wifi is free, which is fabulous, soft beds, office area, full walk in closet, bathroom with two sinks, a shower and separate tub. I ordered breakfast which was great, but the fruit bowl tasted funny there was some sort of seasoning on it that I am not used to. There are no elevators but it is only two levels, so the bell boy helped me with my bags. The service was very fast, whenever I called and needed something I did wait long at all, they where fast with everything. Also there was a scorpion in my room that crawled up under the sink in the kitchen, I am from the east coast and I have never seen one before so I was terrified! They sent security over to catch him and they stayed there until they did. Then they offered me free services, or food, and a different room. I thought it was nice of them to ask that and surprised because I hear scorpions are common out there. I believe this place is top notch, the staff was very helpful and friendly with any questions, beautiful place and my only disappointment is that I could not stay longer! I hope to be back soon!
3	The property is beautiful and clean.  Restaurant's were great.  The problem is the front desk snobs.  No personality.  They messed up my reservations, made me and my family find our own hotel for the night that they messed up?  They didn't even try to get us another room, despite me paying any price.  After a long day of travel with an infant, toddler and wife, the last thing I want to do is look for another hotel at 11 PM, only to come back the next day.The attitude of the front desk is sad and horrible.
4	Overall, our stay was lovely. We had a rough start at the beginning, mostly because the self parking is way off to the side of the property, and despite verbal directions and a map, we got so lost trying to find our way back that a very friendly hotel staff member picked us (and our luggage) up in her cart and drove us to the right place. Once there, it felt like a ghost town, the pool was out of service, and the whole environment was a far cry from the opulence of the lobby. Luckily we ran into some family members (we were there for a wedding) and realized we were in a remote building. A quick call to the front desk, and we were promptly moved to the building near the pool and all the other guests. From then on, everything was fantastic. Our rooms (we had two) were both very nice. Dinner at Wrights was out of this world. Service was outstanding. The wedding reception was held at the hotel, and the staff and the food were great. And as I was walking from the room to the reception, I saw a fire pit out on the grounds with an elegant, staffed table nearby with (how fun is this?) marshmallows and marshmallow forks for roasting! I so wished I could have taken even ten minutes to enjoy it! Breakfast at the second on-site restaurant, Frank and Albert's, was also spot on. The french toast prompted everyone to pull out phones for pictures, and the service was truly splendid. I could go on and on, from the beautiful architecture to the poolside service (how can they be so pleasant in the July heat and a hundred guests needing attention?) to the sheer beauty of the grounds and the fact that they have on-site, all organic gardens for the restaurants, to "dive-in" movies at the pool on Saturday nights, to...to....well...you'll just have to go and see for yourself. Enjoy!
4	I love these historic grand hotels.  So, yes, I have a bias.The architecture is excellent as it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.  The lobby is nice, good choice of restaurants, the grounds are excellent and good pools.My room is well appointed, nice workstation, nice bathroom with lots of room and a comfortable bed.I've stayed here before and look forward to doing so again.
3	My review is based solely on the hotel room, service, and pools.  I did not get a spa treatment.  Keep in mind that this is rated a 5-star hotel, people!Lobby - smelled super super musty....but it is a historic hotel.  Architecturally beautiful!!The rooms - just ok, average...no better than a 3 star hotel.  In fact, the bathroom had some chipped tiles.  No in room coffee machine!!  So, we skipped room service coffee because it was so expensive!The pools - salt water heaven!  Yay, no chlorine!  We loved the Marilyn pool...soo pretty!The service - just ok...pool side service was horrible!!  Every stinkin' time, I had to physically walk up to the bar area and order!!  Geez...definately NOT 5-star.But I do miss my Biltmore Cobb salad - yum!So, for me, it was definitely not 5-star quality....didn't even get free bottled water upon arrival and it was a freakin' 115 degrees!  (got free water at the Hilton Flagstaff). Hey...isn't Waldorf and Hilton the same chain???  YES!
3	My husband and I purchased a package that included a night's accommodations and dinner for two at Frank & Albert's at a charity auction last year.  But just like Groupon, the voucher was about to expire so we stayed in June.  Did we get a $350 stay?  No, but it was for charity.While the grounds are gorgeous and you cannot deny the impressive architecture, there are too many misses to for a luxury hotel.First off, parking.  If I'm going to pay to self-park a half mile away in 110 degree heat, I might as well fork out a few extra dollars and pay the ridiculous $27/night for valet.  I understand parking fees in a city where space is at a premium, but this is Arizona.  This hotel, in particular, does not appear to be short on it.  Second, luggage handling and bell service.  We did not need these services, however, upon exiting our vehicle, it appeared the entire entrance was a chaotic mess.  Third, water.  Okay, charge me for Voss or Fiji, but you can't cough up a free bottle of your hotel branded water to guests that might be on the verge of heat exhaustion after making the trek from their car?  Even Holiday Inn Express gives me a free bottle, not to mention other Waldorf Astoria hotels I've stayed at.  Fourth,  while the restaurant prices seemed reasonable, the cafe prices were worse than any airport.  I suppose the restaurants are looking to draw in locals, but the cafe is only used by guests.  As for the rooms, ours was spacious and the bathroom had been remodeled relatively recently.  But it was odd that certain fixtures (faucets and towel racks) had been replaced, but others were not (bathroom tissue holder).  The rest of the room, however, was in dire need of an update.  The furnishings were tired and worn.  The bed was comfy, however.  I was also disappointed that the balcony wall was so high you could not see the gardens below from the room at all or from the balcony itself unless you were standing.While I would possibly stay again, in a different building, I'm not sure.  I got the impression this is a party hotel of sorts.  We encountered more than one group of drunken guests that fell into this category.  Maybe next time, I'll be the drunken guest and have a whole new perspective.
4	I haven't yet stayed at this resort, but I've been to many events here. I recently met one of my girlfriends there for HH. We started in Wright's for a drink and then moved into Frank and Albert's for their HH. They have some great HH specials there and the HH menu is pretty fun. It features small plates/tastings of various items. As expected, the food is phenom. We ended up ordering dinner as well. Make sure you save room for dessert. There signature dessert item is a salted butterscotch pudding. Believe me when I say "2 Die 4!"  Atmosphere has a cool buzz, not at all pretentious as some might expect.
5	In my opinion the best hotel in Phoenix. The property's Frank Lloyed Wright architecture really works well in the desert. Service is great and what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. I recommend that you book at Ocatilla as that is the nicest building with their own concierge.
3	Outside Architecture = Stunning. The inside of the rooms is nothing special. For the high price you can find better hotels in the area.I stayed in a cottage house. They're almost 100 years old and express unique, aesthetically pleasing architecture. The age shows when you come inside. I had to waste an hour getting the door unlocked several time because either my plastic or physical key weren't working. This hassle with no upgrade is what really drove my dissatisfaction.The pools here are expansive and feature multiple Jacuzzi's. The SPA is fantastic, i ordered a 80minute full body massaged and mud wrap to reward myself for the hard work of writing mba essay applications and feel completely relaxed.My favorite thing about staying here was the mountain bike ride i took with my guide chip. We went super-fast for three hours down rocky ravines. It was exhilarating. If it's your first time doing it though you're bound to get bruised. Only go if you've Mt. biked a few times before as you'll find the course technically challenging.Restaurants are solid. Go for the fine dining restaurant Wright if you get the chance. Lobby beer selection is acceptable with four microbrews on tap but needs more high gravity selections. DO NOT order food delivered to your room. There is a ridiculous $10 fee and the restaurant is a 2 minute walk. I paid $25 for Scrambled eggs... ridiculous.I had a great time, thanks Landauer & IDN conference. I would not comeback here on my own unless extensive room upgrades were made.
3	in summary:  worthwhile, but NOT a 5-star hospitality experience.in detail:a belated birthday celebration for my mom, a huge FLW fan, i agonized over whether to book in the original rooms, or spring for the chi-chi ocatilla experience.  i went with the latter in the end, and am not convinced it was necessarily a better choice.  the 'club'/lounge was the usual for the hilton group - posh enough, varied places to sit, attentive staff, yummy choices.  it was nice, and for that, worth the upgrade.  the room and the hallways though - meh.  it felt like any old hilton just with nice historic photos on the walls and slightly-stylized furnishings.  a lot of the reviews i read mentioned the original rooms being run down - well, i would say ocatilla was no better.    right when we walked in i noticed the doorstop was actually pushed in through the drywall - classy!  the door shut and locked but in a remarkably loose manner that my mom was nervous about.  then there was the HVAC issue.  every time the air cycled on or off, it made this horrible crashing/clunking sound - literally like part of the duct was loose and making serious contact with another part of the duct.  my mom's a light sleeper so though while it was late - 11ish - and i figured they'd say there was nothing they could do about it, or move us, i rang, and the facilities guys arrived shortly thereafter.  and guess what?  yep - the shrug/'nothing we can do about it' response, and of course i couldn't get it to make the noise when they were there.  we were both so tired we managed to sleep through it.  when i mentioned it politely at checkout (i hate complaining), the lady at the desk was super cool about it and took off the resort charge and/or parking, i forget - anyway, at least there was something.  that said, it shouldn't have that many issues in a newer structure at a '5-star' resort.a 5-star experience is, when you ring for room service, 'good evening, miss [your last name], what can i get for you?' not just 'room service; what would you like?'....which of course is better than a curt 'what?!' but again, 5-star it is not quite.   at dusk or so, we walked around the resort and through the original structure and then took a dip in the pools - THAT part was all very nice.  the grounds are impeccable.  the pools very clean and tidy.  the staff polite.  there's an amazing history room, though i don't think that's what it's called, but it was awesome - like walking into a records vault.  it's also nice that they have the historic photos up and that there's all the architecture/FLW books in the rooms - appropriate; considering the history they shouldn't do any less.  all that said, the night we were there, i think just about every single event space they had was booked - it was a hugely busy time - so in that light, in the end, we were glad to be in the 'outbuilding' that is ocatilla.  next time we'll try the original rooms, though suspending any sort of 5-star expectation.
4	This was my first visit to Phoenix and wasn't certain what to expect from a "historic" hotel in AZ.  WOW. I loved the history of the place and the architectual influences of Frank Loyd Wright.  Very large property.  My husband and I stayed in the Villas - nice with a private bedroom feel and outdoor patio. If I were to return I would reserve a room overlooking the Garden or the Cottage Rooms. Both are packed with history.  Definitely a beautiful-unique "historic" hotel in AZ.  On the minus....No in room coffee/maker is unacceptable - particularly given the room service coffee will run you close to $15 w/ surcharges.  Patios and furniture in the resort section were not worthy 5-Star Hotel.  Grounds around the resort rooms/patios also need luxury spruce-up.   Late check-out resulted in 3 different housekeeping staff walking into my room while I was trying to get dress/pack.All in All - still worth the stay..for the history and beauty of the hotel.
4	Beautiful area. nice staff. we stayed in the new rooms so pretty sure thats why we had some issues with the shower and some other things. nice lounge areas and delicious though pricey food in their restaurants
5	My friend's wedding was held in the Aztec Room at the Arizona Biltmore and was incredible. Everything from the service, grounds, food and other amenities were out of this world. I'm not often impressed by resorts (many boast similar qualities). However, this one stood out (perhaps it being in Phoenix) and has some incredible history behind it as well. Also, if you don't want to stay there, you can also just visit for a day trip and get pampered and eat at some great restaurants like Frank and Alberts (among others)
5	What a great place to be for a work conference. I was just at the AZ Biltmore for a 4 day conference. I have a 5 month old son, so my husband and son came with me. We  were pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere, amenities, and architecture. I didn't do much research into where we were staying before we got there, so I was really excited when we pulled up. Our room was in one of the cottages, perfectly located, close to the lobby and restaurants, and not far from the ballrooms and conference meeting rooms. The only drawback was the price of food. Sodas were $4, a cup of coffee was nearly $5, and a hamburger $15. The conference provided most our meals, so this wasn't a big deal for us, but if I were there on vacation, I might have been a little peeved. Definitely BYO snack and drinks.The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. We wished we could have stayed longer and just enjoyed the amazingly peaceful setting. We'll be back for an AZ vacay when my son is old enough to enjoy the waterslide.
4	This is a nice historic hotel, though I'm not sure if if it lives up to the "five star" status.  The hotel has a very "Frank Llyod Wright" feel to it.  It is a big hotel with lots of history behind it.  Most presidents have been here, per their wall right by Frank and Alberts.  The grounds were impeccable, it took us forever to walk to our room.  They have so many wings, and walking to your room is eerie at night, since the grounds are not well lit at all.They had some nice pools that we didn't take advantage of.All in all, it's a very nice hotel, but it's not a 5-star property.  Stay only if rate is reasonable.
5	Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright of course the 5 stars is for the architecture.  Although I don't particularly like his low ceilings all the fabulous detail work in the cement and glass have a timeless feel that is of a time all it's own. Definitely worth a look if you're in the area. Heck even worth a drive out of the way  just to have a drink and just chill and take it all in.
4	Beautiful place - large campus - pricey - but it is a Biltmore
5	Excellent resort. Fantastic atmosphere and service.
1	In a very upscale hotel like the Arizona Biltmore, I expect high standards.  But when I stepped into the shower on Monday morning, 11/19/12, I was stung by a large scorpion.  My friend was able to kill the scorpion and call the front desk.  They sent security with insect sting wipes and got some basic information but I never heard from anyone in the hotel again, even to see if I was alive.  As a result, I was incapacitated for 2 of the 4 days I stayed at the property and unable to walk.  When I checked out on 11/21/12 I asked the front desk clerk if he was aware of my problem and he was not.  He comped a $29 meal charge and said he would have the manager call me later that day.  I have yet to be contacted by anyone. I understand that "it's the desert" and "you have to watch out for scorpions" but I have never even seen a scorpion before and certainly did not expect to see one in the 3rd floor shower stall of a pricey resort. (We had even upgraded to the Ocatillo.)  I am appalled at the lack of concern by hotel staff.  It was a completely ruined vacation and I would never stay at this property again.To make matters worse, you have to walk miles to get anywhere on the grounds and it's like a maze to figure out where things are.  Not sure how they get around ADA requirements.
2	We decided to take advantage of a December $99 special to have a night at the Arizona Biltmore before Christmas. What a disappointment!When we checked in, they asked us where we wanted to stay on the property. They DID NOT offer any explanation of what was avilable, where it was located, etc. We just needed to read their mind, apparently! As it was raining,we choose to stay in the main building. They gave us a room but when we went up to the floor, housekeeping was still in the room! We went back downstairs and were given another roo - by a very disgruntled desk clerk (with a lovely -not- view of the roof). We got settled and then realized we had no heat - (it was an unusually cold, rainy day in AZ) and a light burned out in the bathroom. Maybe we were in a Super 8! We called the desk and they said they would get someone up to look at it. ONE HOUR LATER, a man finally showed up. By now the room was freezing and very uncomfortable. We wanted to take a walk around the property and asked if there was a guide or map available. They gave us - I kid you not  - a map on basically a 3x3 card. You could see buildings but certainly none of the labels. At this point, we were beginning to think that the $99 deal is no deal. You can stay there but don't expect ANY service or friendliness.Trying to shake off our disappointment, we decide to go get something to eat. We ate at Frank and Albert's - another mistake. Soup ordered was barely warm. Very little on the menu for vegetarians, lackluster service, VERY noisy restaurant.All in all, we won't be back. We have stayed at The Boulders in Cave Creek before and our experience there was what you would expect of a Waldorf Astoria property. Beautiful facility - friendly, helpful staff. The Biltmore was the exact opposite. Staff was cold and unfriendly, the accommodations were hugely disappointing. We will never return and we will never recommend this facility to any of our guests.
4	warning- resort fees!!  booked room on line- based on location and great rate. all paid for on check in. hit with $64.18 resort fee for two nights= $32.00+/nt. called and asked what this represents- told it was for spa and pools. (even though they were not used during stay). resort is nice, staff friendly. they should include these "resort fees" in their quoted room rate. giving the consumer the real price so they can make their decision. posting this so other's will be aware  before purchasing rooms.
4	The afternoon tea was FABULOUS!!!  Our servers took great care of us and even made my mom's day when they double-checked with me to ensure that yes, she really is the age I said she was.  We were celebrating my mom's birthday and I treated her to an evening stay at the Biltmore.  I must say that the AZ employee's rate is great and is what prompted us to stay!The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly!  We asked for more towels and ended up with enough for us, the neighbors and maybe the entire hotel!A couple of downsides however --1.  I was expecting more luxury.  The AZ Biltmore is touted around here for being luxurious.  The stay was no more great than a stay at a Hilton (which they are owned by).  The property is old and is in a noticeable state of repair.  It needs work.  The rooms are cold and drafty, the wallpaper is peeling, and there is obvious wear and tear in the lobby.2.  Frank and Alberts = thumbs down.  The server disappeared for many minutes at a time and only refilled my water when asked.  The food was okay, but not worth the price.That being said, we had a wonderful stay!  If you have not been, you must go, and take the time to go to the 3rd floor and check out the history room!
4	I was really excited to have an opportunity to spend some time in this historic hotel and I mean the original hotel vs one of the newer buildings. When I walked the halls, surrounded by the cement brick construction and arts and crafts meets the Southwest decor, I could helped but wish I could have seen this grand old lady in her hay day.The rooms are appointed with REAL Stickley furniture, it doesn't get much cooler than that for me! The bed was extremely comfortable. So comfortable, in fact,  that I woke up in the morning with the lights on and the tv blaring. A sign of a true good night's sleep in my books...And the rate? Wow! $95 bucks. Of course, it was three million degrees outside but what do you expect? It's Arizona!
4	I love the Biltmore.  It's architecture, intimate feeling though large and friendliness of staff.  It is not pretentious, but very nice.  Great for a week on your own or with family.  Beyond golf, tennis, hiking and biking it is a great location with access to many things, restaurants that you can walk to and stay fit!  Suggestions would be to update its spa facilities and please add healthy options to all of its menus.  Whole wheat pastas, whole grain breads, tofu and more vegetarian options other than fatty options would be great!Hilton may also want to educate the room service staff as to what Grass Fed Beef is, as the woman tonight told me she would have no idea what the beef ate- ha!ha!  I am not kidding.  These are things that can easily be taught, an updated menu might help the employees health too!
2	When they said they were a "historical luxury resort", I must've misinterpreted it. What they probably meant was that they used to be a luxury resort and not a luxury resort with history.PROPERTYLobby is beautiful with FLW-inspired architecture and the fire pits were great. It's really noticeable that the rest of the property needs to be maintained better from the chipped paint to the beat up elevators. In fact, one elevator kept taking us to the wrong floor. ROOMSSurprisingly not the luxury it was touted to be or even the "old school" luxury that you'd expect. Mattress was saggy and definitely needed replacing. It was hard to adjust the thermostat. Either the room was broiling hot or freezing and the clicking noise from the air vent kept waking me up at night. Scuffed up furniture, broken wooden hangers, peeling wallpapers...this place needs to be overhauled for it to be called a luxury resort.SERVICEWith the exception of the restaurant, service met expectations. Friendly & prompt. The way it should be for a place like this.FRANK & ALBERTFood is what you'd expect at a nice restaurant. Good food, nice wine selection, warm ambience. Our server was charming but only if she showed up. The place wasn't that busy and we noticed how long it took her to come over and take our order. She was supposed to come back with a new wine glass and we wound up dumping our water and pouring the wine into there. We wanted dessert but wound up skipping because it took too long for her to come back and get the order.FITNESS CENTERNice fitness center with alot of equipment to choose from. I was surprised at how small and cramped the women's locker room was. The shower looked dated (not in a good way) and the shower products they offered were of cheap quality. But the women working there were working their butts off to keep up with all the women going in and out of there.If I'm in the area again I might stop by for drinks or meet friends for dinner. But to stay? Probably not.
4	I've been here many times for special events in the ballroom.  The property is beautiful and the banquet staff always delivers great service.  There are 3 places to park, but if you're coming here for an event in the ballroom, I suggest parking at the parking garage on the left side of the main entrance.  It's located right next to the ballroom area and is very convenient.The ballrooms and meeting rooms here are gorgeous and have plenty of space to hold a luncheon, reception, or charity event.Return Factor - 90%
5	Dinner with friends at Wrights in the wine cellar. Food was very good and the service impeccable. The Biltmore was festooned from head to toe and had a good jazz quartet in the lobby bar whose sweet sounds were a delight.
4	The Biltmore is an incredible resort and even nicer than many other properties I have seen in my 7 years of travel experience through the Caribbean, Mexico and even Hawaii.  This resort is large, with beautiful impressive landscaping, fabulous Frank Lloyd Wright architecture, multiple pools, and an amazing golf course.  I opted for the Octallia rooms, which are in a newer section with upgraded in room amenities along with access to the Concierge area where you can get free drinks, snacks, breakfast and access to someone to assist with dinner reservations, business center, etc.Our room was spacious and luxurious.  I realllllly liked our room. I am big into having a comfortable place to sleep, cuddle with my honey and nap when the weather turns sour. I don't understand people who don't like nice rooms, b/c you really do spend a lot of time in there.  I looooved the bathroom which had a deep oversized tub (my fave) and I appreciated the small touches like the sea salt and nice bath products.  The pools are busy if you choose one of the two main pool options, but the staff around them was easily accessible, friendly and honest.  We had no issues and the day we rented the cabana at the pool ($150 for partial sun/$200 for all day sun) we received outstanding service.  The cabana had a nice little room, TV and it's own bathroom along with an outdoor table and two lounge chairs.  If you prefer to have a pool to yourself, the Octallia area is deserted as well as a couple of other smaller pools but they ALSO do not have poolside service.  Chairs by the pools are first come, first serve and on the weekends, it did appear to be difficult to score a good chair so get down there early.This resort is also incredibly family friendly.  We were there at the tail-end of spring break which was obvious as there were tons of families in the pool and running around the property.  This didn't bother us at all but I was a little surprised.  The main pool did offer a slide but it wasn't operating.  Anyway - the point is, a great luxury family friendly option for those with kiddos!The spa was incredible.  We got 80 minute Dream Maker massages and it was AWESOME (but expensive).  I felt pampered and relaxed after.  Well worth it but oh so pricey.The reason I am not going to give this place 5 stars is b/c everything is CRAZY expensive.  I mean, everything is literally double what it would be anywhere else and room service carried a $4 delivery charge along with a 23% surcharge tax on top of the already crazy 14% "tourism" tax which we paid at every hotel in the city. . RIDICULOUS.So please keep in mind, everything is on the pricier side. This is not a "budget" friendly place.   But it is a luxury resort in a fabulous location with beautiful areas to dine outdoors and enjoy a drink with the ones you love.  If you are comfortable with the price, upgrade to the Octallia rooms - it's all in the details.
4	I was really looking forward to our stay until reading many of the previous yelps. I then prepared myself to be disappointed. I was not. I was actually surprised at how nice the property actually is. Is it old and a bit worn down? Yes, but it definitely makes up for this in charm and beautiful grounds. The furnishings are a bit worn but this is quickly forgotten while relaxing on the patio with a glass of wine.The garden suites are old but we love the feel of privacy.The main pool is where all the action is but the Catalina pool is only steps away and serviced well by the wait staff and much quieter.There is a small cafe to grab some pastry and coffee on the run. If you need a bloody mary to get your day started try the Frank and Alberts bar. Its the only place early in the morning.This is not your typical cookie cutter big chain resort. Go with an open mind, an appreciation of yesteryear and you will be delighted.
5	Absolutely stunning architecture and design. We stopped by on our way out of town just to see the pool. Well worth it and I can't wait to come back to golf
3	Beautiful grounds and exciting architecture are not supported by great service or accommodations.  Service in particular was lacking in several ways.  Greeting and farewell at front desk were not particularly warm or gracious. Attention to detail by restaurant staff in preparing a private party was lacking and we needed to follow up with them several times to make sure they delivered as promised. Unlike other top resort hotels, service is not polished or personal.  The rooms in the Ocatilla building are fine but not particularly well designed. The shower door, bathroom door, and door to the toilet all collided. Our patio was very small and practically useless. The lounge for the Ocatilla building was pretty nice but very far from our room. Strangely,the concierge for the lounge didn't recognize us on our third day. It kind of epitomizes the level of service at the Biltmore.  When we checked out, I noticed we had been charged for 6 days of Internet services for a four day stay.  As the registration desk person removed two of the charges, he said that Internet was actually complimentary but since I had agreed to be charged, I was stuck with the charges. On the plus side, the hotel is a architectural treasure and the food we had in the restaurants was above average.  I'd like to say we'd stay here again, but I'm afraid there are just too many alternatives in Phoenix that are providing a much higher level of customer service.
4	I want to classify I normally stay at Hampton Inn's but have also stayed in very nice hotels all over the world.  I choose to stay here because of the history of architecture.  I will say I have stayed at other Waldorf and RItz Carlton properties and this doesn't even come close to the upscale hotel you would expect. (but I didn't pay the price of those either)  I stayed in a hampton inn down the street for 2 nights before and the bed and pillows were actually much more comfortable at the hampton inn.  The pool area had broken chairs which I thought was weird because you have to pay a $resort fee each night to stay there.  If you are expecting old world charm and great architecture, stay here.  If you are expected to be pampered and have great amenities pass this place up because it won't meet your expectations.  It is worth a one night stay just to say you have been there and look at this history of the hotel.
5	My father was an architect.  I grew up being aware of design, both interior and exterior, and of famous architects and architecture.  Even lived in a Mies Van Der Rohe designed community in Detroit... So, it had ALWAYS been on my list of places to stay if I travelled to Phoenix...  I absolutely loved staying here.  My room was huge.  mid-century... great design... great textures and fabrics and bathroom big enough to hold a yoga class in...  However if I was to stay again I would definitely spring for one of the cottages.  What they have done with sculptured concrete block and geometric stained glass resonated with me on a deep level.  Tip of the hat to you, Dad, for giving me love and appreciation of the finer things.
4	Beautiful hotel, friendly staff and lovely room. I had some really bad luck with a bad TV and  a shower that wouldn't drain but I doubt that applies to the entire hotel. Free wifi was a surprise given this is a Hilton property, but I was disappointed that they charged me $12 to self park my car in a lot far from the hotel.
1	My wife and I had friends visiting from California, so booked some spa appointments about a month out and planned to spend the day at the pool.  Luckily (we thought) my wife called to confirm the appointments the week before and found that they had both the times and the treatments wrong.  The spa representative corrected them and we thought all was well.  As we were driving up to the hotel at about 1:10 for our 2:00 appointments, the telephone rang, asking where we were and why we weren't there yet.  We explained the earlier mixup and that our appointments were actually at 2:00.  The reply was "sorry, there is nothing we can do now." We asked to see the manager and got a "really sorry, we don't have any openings."  Apparently the Biltmore is not responsible for their own ineptitude.  Half our group ended up getting no spa treatments at all.  Guess what they offered us in compensation....they covered the spa gratuity...gee, thanks.  After ruining our day, you covered the gratuity for your own employees.  No discount, no promise of future compensation, nada.  I'd like to mention that all areas of the spa have the styling of a high school locker room crossed with a Motel 6.  Sad.     We wandered over to the pool to use the cabana we had rented for the day for about $250.  The last time the cabanas were renovated was about 1986 based on the condition and the decor.  I'm not sure how they were able to acquire the frost-filled fridge from my college dorm room, but there it was, right along with the 20 year old tube TV! The interior was in bad need of painting, as there was peeling and mildew in many areas.  It really takes away from the whole experience.  Sorry Biltmore, you are a shade of your former self.       My advice is to drive a few miles to Montelucia where you will find an elegant, up to date spa with great therapists, for the same price.  The pool and cabanas there are absolutely beautiful.
5	I love this place, but stay in the newer part for better air conditioning.
2	For the price?  ...hell yes I've experienced better!  Place is alright but not work the price.  If you're big on golfing and too lazy to drive or 90 years old, this is your spot! Enjoy it.
5	No complaints -- had a great stay here.Beautiful estate and admirable architecture.  Decent restaurants inside and a swanky bar that satisfied all drink yearnings.  Good golf course too.Service was exemplary, room was nice, all around good vibes and positive energy.Great to walk around the property and check out all the history and architecture.  Life size chess set was fun to play with as well.
4	Gorgeous hotel, despite the dry heat which I almost couldn't stand. Went for a conference and stayed with someone who had Hilton Honors, so we had a lovely large room in the Ocatilla building, which has a concierge lounge, which offered a continental breakfast, appetizers and drinks in the evening. They are open until about 8 or 9 each night with water, iced tea, soft drinks, coffee and tea all day. This was great and saved us a lot of money.Bathroom was nice, had a shower, huge tub, and toilet closet. Hotel overall was very clean.
4	AZ Biltmore Resort ....Always classic. Always classy.
4	Last weekend I went to the Biltmore to check out the pool in order to do a little bit of resort pool crashing. (shhhhh) Let's just say I was not disappointed. The water slide is fun. You exit underneath a beautiful waterfall. Pretty cool, even for big kids.I was disappointed in the poolside menu. The portions are gigantic and over priced (higher than any resort at which I have had the fortune to crash)- way, way, way too big for somebody like me who just wants a quick bite to eat. Who wants to stuff themself when they're in public in their bathing suit (teeny bikini)? And there's no point asking for a to-go box because the leftovers would spoil in the sun and heat. So I ordered a "cooked poolside" taco for $5 and a fruit bowl for $5 (reasonably priced). I was stuffed after that.I talked with a lady who said the room rates are great, but then they add on a $25 parking fee and many other fees. Plus she said you have to walk far from your room to get to the pool.All in all, it was a beautiful day and I'll be back. (shhhhh)UPDATE: 6/30/2013I went back with a friend today. It was really hot out so there were pitchers of ice water available all day. Great idea and thank you! The tacos kiosk was moved to a shady area, but that pool guy must have roasted while serving us! I saw the front of the hotel for the first time today. It looks like  a prison built over 50 years ago.
5	A great place to pose with friends. I've been for a number of events to this venue and each time, I have to respect the great service and detail that they deliver.  Whether it is for a Hispanic celebration or a Valley Leadership event, or charitable function, this venue pulls it all off without a hitch.
4	True as other Yelpers point out, it's a little run-down.  It was built in 1928, so come on, what do you expect?  As far as architecture, it's a beautiful building.  I was here for work and chose it because it was really cheap.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The rooms are what you expect for the price.  The pool is very nice and the gym is by far one of the best hotel gyms I've ever seen.  You get free weights and lots of machines.  Reynaldo, the hotel gym employee was very friendly and helpful.  So was the concierge.  I do have one gripe, I think the locals come and use the pool.  There were a lot of rowdy teens in the pool.  You don't need a room key to use the pool, so that may be the reason.  I couldn't get into the hot tub because couples were taking turns in there doing what they do.  But all in all, it was comfortable and clean.  Free wifi.  I would stay here again if I have to go back to this apocalyptic city of heat and brimstone (it was 120 degrees when I was there).
5	I love the Biltmore! The rooms are really nice and big and they have great ammenities. The pool was a lot of fun! They have a water slide that is extremely fast and the staff is very laid back and nice. We had a group of 6 and they let us go down the slide how ever we wanted! There wasn't a crazy line so all of us went a million times! We even went in pairs and even a group of 5 down the slide! So much fun! They also have a giant chess board where the pieces go up to your knees! The landscaping is beautiful and I liked that the room had a big balcony! I want to come back again soon since it is so close by!
4	Spent a little time here the week of July 4. I found it to be a very smooth and pleasant experience overall. I requested a room with a mountain view and got one in the main building with an amazing vista over the back lawn towards Piestawa Peak. I could have stared at it for hours. The room itself was compact but not oppressively so. It was a little tight where the corners of the desk, bed and ottoman came together, so watch your shins there if you have a main building room. The bed was super comfortable and the Frank Lloyd Wright influence of the design carries over to the room, especially in the headboard and lamps. The bathroom is pretty plain, like something at a Marriott convention hotel. My only real complaint about the rooms is that they really could use a little more attention to the dusting, especially on the clock radio and picture frame surfaces. Bathroom was spotless, though. The lobby is very soothing architecturally and really defines a sense of something special. There are vintage photos of the hotel spread throughout the rooms and public areas, so you get a real sense of the history of this place. The two main restaurants, Frank & Albert's and Wright, are at the end of the lobby, with Wright's lounge occupying a large block of space just outside Wright's restaurant. F&A's had a nice happy hour, with a few appetizers and drink specials at a good rate. The pulled barbecued pork taco was yummy. The grounds are gorgeous desert landscaping, with FLW's sprite statues punctuating the plantings. The main pool was a little meh to me, so I chose to hang out at the quieter Catalina Pool, where Marilyn Monroe swam and which is lined with Catalina tiles. It had fewer people, but a few noisy pre-teens who were splashing about. So keep in mind, it's billed as a "quiet pool", not an "adults-only pool". Service throughout was gracious and very efficient. I was able to check in at 10:30 am and an early check-in will always make me very pleased. Also, the A/C was set to 68 degrees when I went in my room. Usually, they turn it up higher and you have to cool it down. Prices in the convenience store were high even by resort standards ($3 for a can of Diet Coke?) and the TV channel selection was limited (no HGTV?! Barbarous!). But overall, I'd go back and maybe try out one of the casita lodgings.
1	1) Requested the birthday package three times.  It was my Fiances birthday and was looking forward to surprising him.  a. Called when I made the reservationb. Called the day before arrivalc. Asked at front desk - He had no idea which room had it but assured me one of the rooms had the birthday packaged. no birthday package in either room :(2) Dirty Linensa. Pulled of the top cover to find it stained and dirty.  The sheets were clean so I just slept under the flat sheet.  4) USED Condom wrapper at front doora. Pointed it out to bell hop and assured me that he would send someone immediately to pick it up. b. It was still there when I checked out the following day5) Cigar ash all over patioa. Pointed it out to bell hop, he assured me that it would be gone the following morning. b. It was still there when I checked out.  I wasn't able to use the patio
3	When I woke up, my first morning at the Biltmore, I didn't have hot water. Not even warm water. After a brief icy shower (the coldest of my life), I hurried to the front desk to complain before I had to go to my meetings that day. The receptionist wrote down my room number on a Post-It and assured me that I would have hot water the next time I took a shower. I rushed off to my meetings, glad they were on the case.However, I came back to my room on lunch, around 2pm, and found that though it was clear someone had been there (they left the TV and lights on), I still had no hot water. So I went to complain again before my afternoon meetings began. Once again, the receptionist wrote down my room number on a Post-It, and assured me they would get the hot water working.After the day's meetings, I checked my room again and still: no hot water.When I complained this third time, the receptionist once again pulled out the Post-It's and wrote down my room number. I was like, "Whatever you're doing by writing down my room number isn't working. I need a new solution."So they found me a new room and it did have hot water. Yay.Now I'd like to take you back in time again to the first time I arrived. There was a Fiji bottle of water sitting next to the ice bucket! Huzzah, I cried! Wow, this place is fancy to just give those away, I thought! But no, when I was located to my next room I discovered that in THIS room, the bottle had an $8 price tag on it. They had left that off of the first room (shameful omission!). Not only that, but when whoever it was that had been in my room earlier, they had taken my half-drunk bottle of Fiji water and disposed of it! All well and good if the water is free, but if you charge $8 for it, you cannot toss it from your customer's room!So, anyway, the grounds are rather striking to see, especially for architecture buffs, but the interiors of both rooms left me a little bit shocked at how much disrepair the place had fallen into. The cabinet housing my first room's fridge appeared to have a rotting floor. Chips, cracks, and peeling wallpaper was abundant. The place could use a good tune-up to bring it back to a level of quality that befits its legacy.The staff in general were amazingly attentive and great to deal with and for their extremely good face they bump this awful two-night's stay up to a "3". They even removed the $8 charge for the price-tag-less bottle of Fiji water without letting me finish my sentence of complaint.
5	Ordered food from my room for direct pick-up at Frank & Albert's in the hotel lobby and received excellent customer service.  Very friendly staff and excellent food.  Highly recommended.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets!
4	We enjoyed our stay at the Biltmore.We stayed in the Ocatilla building, which offers you the concierge lounge.  This is really a great feature.  We hung out in there each day, and enjoyed the snacks and drinks.  Also the staff is outstanding and very helpful.My only complaint was breakfast.  It was definitely continental style and didn't offer much.This is definitely a Waldorf Hotel.  I have said this before, and I will say it again, its old.  But the grounds are beautiful.  The architecture is amazing.  You have to stay here if you are a Frank Lloyd Wright fan.  The overall design wouldn't be my choice, but it is unique.We liked our hotel room.  Spacious with a fridge, robes, a great tub and shower, and the bed was heaven.We LOVED the pool.  Again, great service, nice atmosphere, clean, and lots of clean towels.We self parked, and its a bit of a hike.  We didn't mind it, but when it is 105 outside, you are sweating by the time you reach your car.We had a happy hour of sorts at the Wright Bar.  They don't really have happy hour here, but they do serve some smaller dishes that are options at the restaurants on site.  It was good.They do have a car service at the hotel.  We definitely took advantage of this, as it was only 10 bucks to get to the Biltmore Mall, so we could enjoy our evening out at Capital Grille with our wine and get back safely.
5	I'm an architect, and learned about this place when I was in school. It was wonderful to finally get a chance to stay here. The design is wonderful, from the overall planning down to the smallest details - anyone who appreciates good architecture should stay here at least once in their life.The services at this resort were also excellent, and I thought were very reasonably priced. I was happily surprised that it was so child-friendly, as this did not seem to be emphasized on their website. They have a great little water slide, plenty of organized kids activities, and even movies at the main pool on weekends. There's also a kids room, with sporting equipment, games, and the like. My kids had a blast, and begged to stay longer!The adult services are also excellent, with adult classes every day, organized activities, and a very nice spa. They even bring you a nice glass of sweet tea after a workout. Of course you pay for classes, massages, and the like, but the spa is fee. And everything can by paid by room number, which is of course convenient when ordering a beer in the pool.The only downside is that the restaurants on site are quite expensive, given the quality of the food. We didn't eat in the fanciest one, which looked like you actually needed to get dressed up for, both the others spots, including the cafe, were really overpriced. The one meal that I wished we'd had was the Sunday brunch - it looked amazing.Anyway, we stayed in the north-most building, which was a bid secluded from the center of activity, and had it's own nice little pool and hot tub. It was of course cheaper, due to the schlep, but not unreasonable. And it meant we had to stop for s'mores every night on the way to the pool!
2	Beautiful resort, but remarkably sub-par accommodations. I spent 3 nights here for a conference, and was taken in by how unique the architecture was and how well-designed the features were. Beyond aesthetics, this resort did nothing but disappoint.The beauty seemed to serve as a mere distraction to the massive nickel-and-dime operation going on here. I found that water bottles were not complimentary - no, instead they came at a highly convenient $8 dollars each! The tap water was barely drinkable either. The in-resort cafe was uninspired and similarly overpriced, but overpricing seemed to be the pastime at the Biltmore. For over $6, you can get a poorly made drink that they call a "mocha" too! During my stay, the bathroom light did not work at all, so I was left to use the restroom in the dark, using my phone flashlight to see in the dark. I thought it fitting for a resort in the dark ages of accommodations. It's clear that the best days of the Arizona Biltmore are long past.
5	I'm so bad. I've been here more than a handful of times. And this is the first time I've gotten around to writing a review.HOH NO.No bueno Irene.Big spots for Me?Frank & Alberts "High Five" Happy Hour. Wait, you're not shocked right? There's major food and booze involved in my review. Yes, yes. There's the pool And I'll DEFINITELY GET TO THAT. The bathrooms have wonderful showers and the beds are like heaven sighed. Even if you stay near an elevator you'll never hear it. Room service is impeccable. (And they will go out of their way to deliver something special for birthdays.) The main lobby area is a special place to come for a fancy evening cocktail. You can come casual or dressed to the nines. So...right. Happy Hour. 'Cause I like to drink and eat. Uh...tucked right into the cutest bar you'll find a hub bub of activity come happy hour. Guest flock here. Locals flock here. Five bucks buys you a CORNUCOPIA of blessings.- Glass of house red or white wine- Four "bar bites" (really delish restaurant food)- Domestic beers- Some fruity cocktails (honestly you'd have to pull the menu for that. All I hear is mwah mwah mwah :).... and appetizers are half off. NO JOKE! If calories were no issue (or if I could exercise forever) I would eat here ALL.THE.TIME.I'll come back and write an entire review on Frank & Albert's one day. Just know this is a special treat should you visit the Biltmore.Before POOL TALK a shout out must go to Keri Christian. Who is this? My favorite Concierge. YOU CAN HAVE ONE? Yep. I'm sure they're all wonderful. This one has a sense of humor. And carries a supply of bandaids.Ok. So the pool area. Bring a floppy hat 'cause you're never going to leave. Eh. I suppose that could be the review. But then I wouldn't be fair to explain how much FUN this place can be. Check it. They will pull in DJs to rock out tunes. On Sundays in July and August the music is full on party mode. AND there are Happy Hour prices at the bar. (Just be sure to (a) ask for the happy hour pricing menu and (b) remind the bartender to give you the pricing each time you place an order. So as an example, draft beer is $3. But ask for it! Otherwise it will cost you eight bucks.)Although I've been told there is an "adult" pool. I'm not entirely sure where that is. All three pools in the Paradise Pool area were sprinkled with adults, families, kids ... and everyone seemed a-ok with the wild amount of booze. Hey, works for me!If you're a local, this is a great place to have a staycation. If you're visiting, heck ya. This is spaceballs amazing. You'll never forget it. COME HERE!
4	The Biltmore is a great hotel. The grounds and staff are definitely 5 stars, however the rooms are more on the level of 3.5 or 4 stars.We stayed in the Valley building with a great view of one of the pools. The room was quiet but the beds were not as comfortable as I expected. Being a Waldorf Astoria resort and part of the Hilton family, I expected a bed as comfy as one finds in a Hilton. My bed was definitely not that soft. The room size was larger than average and the tv was new. The bathroom showed signs of age, peeling paint on ceiling and scuffs on the door. While rather minor complaints, I expected better from a 5 star resort.The main pool was great and never got too crowded. The staff, including front desk, lobby bar, pool bar, and coffee shop were all very friendly and accommodating.I would definitely return here but hope management will make some changes to the rooms.
1	The Biltmore resort is overpriced, outdated, and dirty.  I was here for training.  My room had what appeared to be blood stains on the floor  and the shower had mildew growing on tile.  The food at Frank and Alberta was overpriced and disgusting.  You pay $11.55 for nachos covered in cheese whiz and something they called beef.  Their $15 burger had less flavor than a burger at a food chain restaurant.  I would never recommend this resort unless you are forced for work.
5	The Biltmore is a beautiful resort and I would definitely reccomend this place! Beautiful landscaping and nightly or daily activities for adults and children. The pools are gorgeous and the decorative flowers make this place amazing. I would say that the rooms are average but the beds are comfy. Definitely reccomended!
3	Grounds and main buiding are 5-star; beautiful building and grounds that hearken back to a byegone era: the late 1920s and early 1930s.Some of the rooms hearken back to an era that occasions less nostalgia: the late 80s/early 90s, which is when i think my room was last renovated.But the thing that causes me to post this is that THE INTERNET ACCESS IN THE ROOMS IS INCREDIBLY UNRELIABLE.  I haven't had such a bad connection since the early days of dial-up.  I've been at this hotel for three days for business and my internet access has crashed on me at least three times every day, twice nearly blowing a deadline as I've been unable to send a document to my home office.  The front desk was no help at all: first they dropped me while supposedly transfering me to tech support, and then simply didn't answer the phone (it rang over 50 times, which simply shouldn't happen at a front desk).  On my last night here, I gave up and walked from my "cottage" to the lobby. Internet access is working passably so far here -- at least for now.
4	Spent the weekend here in the Ocatilla section of the hotel. It is a nice upgrade, and includes a club area that serves complimentary happy hour drinks, finger food, and a continental breakfast. There are plenty of pools here to find whatever level of excitement you are looking for. The grounds are perfect. The rooms still have that retro feel to them, which is nice. You feel like you are stepping into a different time warp. Service around the property was very good, from the room to the pool to the restaurant (Wright's, where the meal was also very good.) My only complaint with the property is that there are no-smoking signs all over the property, but nobody seems to care, which is a shame. The smell of smoke could be found pretty much everywhere outside.I would definitely return, especially since it is close to home. In fact. we already have another weekend planned later in the year for a long weekend.
5	Over the past few years we've been to this property dozens of times for charity events and galas.  There are a handful of hotels that host a majority of these events and this is one of them.One of the main reasons is because they offer high quality service in their banquet facilities.  They also have a separate building that houses a large ballroom and on some occasions they have valet service at that building, which makes it easy to get in/out.Whenever we get invited to an event here, we look forward to it.  If you're looking for a nice place to stage an event, I recommend that you take a look at this place.Return Factor - 100%
3	I stayed at the Arizona Biltmore for a conference last week. It as a nice enough hotel. It's very big and perfect for a conference. The hotel seemed to be very accommodating to the conference in terms of food service, the conference rooms for our meetings, etc. The hotel itself is rather old and it seems to have a lot of history. However, with it being somewhat old, it also was a little rundown. The hotel and the hotel rooms look nice, but then you start to notice little things. For example, the outlets were really loose. The things I plugged in seemed to slip out so easily. I had to get the plugs situated just right for things like my cell phone charger and light to work. There was also a crack in the sink - it didn't leak, but it just didn't look good. And the air conditioner was so loud and the phone handset didn't plug into the phone receiver correctly, so I could only use the phone on speakerphone. However, the food was very good. And the staff were very accommodating and nice. Overall my stay was good at this hotel.
2	We specifically went to the hotel last night to listen to some jazz in the lobby hotel--knew the drinks were expensive but in the past --it has been great to listen music in that setting.  The website lists the music.  When we got there and asked the waiter when the music would start--they said--they hadn't had music for 8 months.  It would have been nice to have known up front that the music was no longer happening.  Please change your website to be more accurate in its representation.
1	Checked in and 2 hours later checked out.  There was no working wifi service in my room, nobody answering the switchboard, no replies from management, nobody available to help me out. Its a shame when management is so poor that a guest leaves feeling this way.
4	I had this problem at the apartment that I've been staying for a long time. My problems began when my sister and her children lived under my roof because she had a problem with her husband. I can't sleep at night because they make so much noise and then I cannot work because they bother me a lot while I'm at home.Luckily, there was this First Class hotel Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa. I stayed there for a month and a half, but I enjoyed everyday I was there. The pool was accessible and very much relaxing especially at night, the breakfast was great. The front desk was very attentive on everything that I needed; the room service was very fast. They exceeded my expectation as a whole. And for that, I STRONGLY RECOMMEND Arizona Biltmore Resort & Spa to all my business partners.
2	First, let me say I have traveled for over 10 years and have stayed in numerous hotels. I have even stayed at this location before and found the hotel to be just OK but I feel like I stayed somewhere else as reflect back. The service and accommodations for this stay are well below the Waldorf Astoria and Hilton standards. I originally checked into a room in the older part of the hotel which turned out to be excessively loud because of some unknown noise. The front desk offered to send Engineering up to inspect the problem but no one ever showed up. Next, I went downstairs and kindly requested a new room as no one seemed to want to address the issues. I was directed to the far side of hotel called the Terrace Court.  The rooms in this part of the hotel are very dated and seem more like an old Hampton inn rather than a Waldorf Astoria. As a gold member with Hilton I am extremely disappointed with the service and particularly the rooms. I do not recommend risking a stay at this particular hotel until it's renovated and the staff realize the level of service that is expected from this type of hotel.
5	I have never stayed at the hotel but the property is amazing. What I want to highly recommend is the "high tea" that is served. It is a bit pricey but very much worth it for a special occasion. Delicious teas, finger foods and wonderful and decedent deserts.
1	**Hotel room had a faulty Iron, destroyed my shirt, and they did not refund me or do anything about except replace my iron with a working one.Worst customer care of all time
4	Great comfy place to stay, idk why I wait so long to review but this place has an awesome pool slide w drinks server poolside (in) pool. I came here when the weather was over 100 degrees.  My massage sessions were awesome here, I highly recommend the spa. Great room service wheeled in all my champagne and alcohol that I brought w me lol.  Great grounds, so lovely. They recommended a great steak house as well.
5	Great place to stay for fans of Frank Lloyd Weight or Art Deco Architecture. The grounds are beautiful and there are many restaurants on the campus and nearby. There are many different types of rooms with differing views and styles and prices. I've eaten at the restaurants which I've liked as well.
4	A lot of history has taken place here. Even if you don't stay here touring the property is a must!
5	This is my favorite resort in Arizona. First the staff is amazing! I mean the whole hotel is amazing and beautiful. From the lobby to the bar to the out door area, the whole resort is stunning. The food is amazing. I live a few miles away and we go to dinner and Frank and Alberts at least once a week. When family comes in from out of town we head to Wrights. The food is top notch and one of the best burgers I have had in Arizona. Plus the servers and bartenders are amazing. So nice and respectful. The rooms are great. Very big and the villa's give you great privacy. The pool is amazing and is perfect for kids with the water slide. Overall, this place is a 10/10 and I recommend this resort over every other resort in Arizona. Just amazing!
2	This hotel was once amazing but that was in the 90s and it hadn't been renovated since. :(The prices are high for an upper end hotel in this area and what you get for your money may be the least impressive of anything on its level. I checked in and requested a room close to the main building and was given what was unquestionably one of the farthest rooms. I called and was then moved to a closer room but I was brought there via many service entrances and nasty back end corridors clearly for staff only. The room was acceptable but not on par with the price point and level of this hotel. Guests I spoke with however made me think my room with dirty Starbucks cups on the balcony was one of the higher end rooms bc I was told of peeling wallpaper and insect infestation in other rooms. Basically this hotel earned it's reputation a few decades ago and is still thriving off it bc what it is currently is hardly what one would equate with Waldorf Astoria name.
4	I need to complete a couple of reveiws for the Arizona Biltmore.  I will start with a review of hosting a wedding reception at this venue.  While planning our wedding we knew that the Arizona Biltmore was where we would like to host the reception, but didn't know if it would be affordable.  We were in love with the Aztec Room - it is so romantic with two fireplaces and an intimate feel which was perfect for our smaller reception.  We made a call and met with Lindsay Russell and she was FANTASTIC!!!  She took us around the grounds, explained the different options and provided answers to all of our questions.  She was very responsive when things came up along the way and we had a lovely wedding reception.  It rained the day of our wedding and Lindsay went above and beyond to cancel the heaters we rented for the outdoor reception since it was being moved indoors.  She didn't have to do that, but she took the extra step to save us money which was really awesome!  So, why isn't the review 5 stars?  Well, a few things:1. When we planned our reception the Arizona Biltmore contracted out the wedding caked to Classic Cakes & Confections and we did not have a good experience there.  I brought this to Lindsay's attention and she ran interference so that we didn't have to deal directly with the bakery.  2. The suite I stayed in the night before the wedding was COLD.  I kept turning the heat up and called it in, but it didn't get better.  On top of that, the hot water went out about 10 minutes into my shower on my wedding day.  I reported it to the front desk, but left to get my hair done having had a cold shower which was a bummer.  I would highly recommend the Arizona Biltmore to anyone looking for a venue for their wedding or special event.
5	Love the property!  Centrally located and gorgeous grounds, friendly staff and I love Frank Lloyd Weight architecture. We have stayed in the villas several times. Standard rooms once or twice. In the villas it is best to request that you stay in a renovated property in order that you get the true Waldorf Astoria experience. Older villas can be a bit disappointing, but staff is always happy to get us into a renovated room upon request.Life happens and even when small issues come up the Biltmore staff is happy and prompt to help make the stay enjoyable. Bring your family and enjoy!
1	There were so many things wrong with our visit, I wish I had stayed at home.  Staying here was my idea, which is a decision that has caused four days of arguments with my wife... Not something that any family wants to deal with on a vacation.An earlier draft of this review outlined each of the issues.  It was so long, it seemed that I was embellishing... Even though I wasn't.So, I deleted it and replaced it with this one.Sure, the hotel credited us some money back, but a family vacation isn't about the money... It's about the experience.  This experience sucked.  I will never stay here again - so your offer to "take care of me next time" won't be needed.  I don't need to take that chance.When writing most of my negative reviews I think,"I hope you improve." But I really don't care if you do or don't.  Seriously, anything would be an improvement... But again, it's a non-issue because I won't be back.
4	Hotel grounds are beautiful and the history is very interesting. One of our days was spent at the spa with 4 girlfriends. Staff was wonderful especially Leslie the manager who went beyond our expectations of customer service.  Looking forward to booking another get a way at the Biltmore.
5	We come here to hang at the bar some nights for a drink. This resort is so beautiful and unique that its always fun (but a bit expensive) to come and sit by the fire pits or walk around the lobby and look at the old pictures.We have been here for brunch before as well and that was delicious! One day I hope I can do a stay-cation here and get the full effect because we love to ride our bikes and hang out on the grounds!
3	My husband and I booked a staycation for our anniversary.  The Biltmore was offering an all-inclusive package that included breakfast, lunch, dinner and 30% off spa services during your stay.  We thought this would be a perfect way to celebrate and were excited to come back to the place where we had a lovely wedding reception last December.  When we arrived to check in at 4pm on the day of arrival the valet remembered us from our wedding day.  My husband and the groomsman all wore kilts, so it was a memorable event.  He wished us a Happy Anniversary and we went inside to check-in.  At check-in things went downhill.  We checked in and were told that our room was in the main building.  I booked a resort room with the all-inclusvie package.  I mentioned this to the person checking us in and she curtly told us the only difference between the room in the main building and the resort room was the size and the patio.  That isn't the only difference, there is also a different price! I offered to pull up my receipt, but she said she would switch us to a resort room.  She gave us the room keys and I had to ask her how the all-inclusive package worked and she said that she didn't see that on our reservation. She looked again, confirmed the reservation and provided the vouchers to use during our stay.  After we got to the room one of the lights didn't work and it was very dark inside.  The room didn't have slippers or robes which is surprising. Most hotels of this caliber provide that. The room was also very cold. We pulled out the extra blanket and turned the heat up, but still weren't able to get it warm during our stay. On our way to dinner we stopped by to speak with the manager to let them know our experiences up to that point.  My biggest concern over what we encountered at check-in was that if we had purchased this package as a gift for a friend and not told them what was included that they would have checked in and put in an inferior room without the vouchers. I had to inquire twice to be placed into the reservation that I booked and paid for online.  It's alarming that you can't trust a resort in the Waldorf Astoria line to properly check you into your reservation. Management was receptive to our feedback, wished us a Happy Anniversary and sent an apology note to us with an amenity which bumped this review from 2 to 3 stars.
3	This is an average Hilton property at best. Old worn out fixtures and furniture. Dark, poorly lit rooms. Very old tech.
3	The property is beautiful.  The lobby is very nice and so are the grounds.  That is where the great impressions ended...  We stayed in the Garden wing and our room was very dated and disappointing.  The bathroom was huge but very uninviting as There was 1 mirror for 2 separated sinks so one sink had no mirror.  The bathroom was poorly lit and there was even some mold in the tub.  As many other reviews mentioned it is crazy that there is no thermostat, rather there is an old heater/air knob system which is annoying.   We ate at 3 property restaurants  and had a great experience overall.  It is disappointing that they allow cigar smoking on the wright bar patio as the smoke drove us inside.  The pool was nice and had plenty of seating.
2	Beautiful beautiful property.Now for the sad bad news. Apparently, they think with such a big name, beautiful propertythey can rest on their laurels. The service was non-existent.  They didn't seem to know they were at work to take care of the guests. I most certainly won't be back (not that they'll notice or care).
1	Avoid! I flew in for a conference and was severely underwhelmed by my experience here. Decor: meh, old, dated, not really kept up wellRoom amenities: no coffee maker? Yes, they've got a tv and the room doesn't feature much else that feels modernStaff: first impression was the blonde front desk girl telling me how she wanted to leave her job. Then she proceeded to charge me incorrectly. Food: good. Setup: running far behind and unaware of the small details. They grasped the large ones, just not the small ones. Overall, I didn't like it. I've stayed at other flagship properties of this hotel group and found myself wondering where the supposed luxury was. I didn't see it at any point during my stay. You can do better.
5	I stay at Hilton Brand hotels 60+ nights a year and this has become my favorite.  Rooms are well appointed and very clean, the grounds are like walking through a museum, and the landscaping is very refreshing.Staff was courteous and professional. This is a premier hotel and so far my favorite Waldorf as I have also stayed in Chicago and NYC.  A great resort and a must visit!
3	Sprawling neo classical property that was swarming with people when we arrived on February 14 for our Valentines getaway weekend. Like many of the large Phoenix hotels, their bread and butter is the convention crowd and as we threaded our way from the tiny parking lot to our room passing through at least 3 crowded pools we passed a large outdoor space all set up for some big reception. Not quite the romantic retreat I was hoping for and to make matters worse for the past month I was convinced we were staying at the boulders (another Waldorf Astoria property-who knew there were two), and we even drove all the way up there 45 min north of Phoenix before realizing our mistake. Unlike this Waldorf with long lines and a bustling lobby full of people, the Boulders has two quiet reception desks where you sat down and were made to feel special right from the start.  This Waldorf looks like just another convention hotel with generic, slightly aging rooms and no where to plug in your electronics.  Next time I need to be much more careful on the Hilton Website !This property features frank Lloyd wright style architecture throughout and it just wasn't working for me. There are several buildings scattered around the sprawling property with one that looks like a cross between a dormitory and a minimum security prison.  The grounds are festooned with bring flowers in contrast to the gray concrete of the structures.   As for the rooms, our king room, way back in a 4-story "wing" was quite large with mission style furniture and an  uninspiring sandstone color tone.  This is an older property that has gotten a face-lift but it's not hard to notice outdated aspects like the difficulty in locating an electrical outlet, the old style A/C controls and bathroom fixtures and the less than soundproofed walls.  Great for the average convention hotel but can't recommend for your romantic getaway.
2	Don't bother.  Visit the grounds and stay somewhere else... So called upgraded rooms are tired.  I have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria in NYC and this is considered one of their Premiere Properties..  From the outside and grounds maybe from the standard or upgraded rooms in the Villas  .. no way.
2	Don't let the "Waldorf Astoria" and "Biltmore" fool you.  This is a tired Hilton.  The Frank Lloyd Wright architecture is amazing and the grounds fantastic, but the hotel itself is pretty dated and nothing special.  Bed was so uncomfortable (like a taco sagging in the middle), the room and furniture dinged around the edges, windows from 1975 that couldn't block the sound of a gardener trimming bushes at 7 am....
5	Nice place to spend for Giants Spring Training weekend getaway! Room by the main pool was a dream becoming reality within few steps from pool and all resort happenings! Only drawback. ... the high price ($360 + 28 resort fees).
4	Nice place to spend for Giants Spring Training weekend getaway! Room by the main pool was a dream becoming reality within few steps from pool and all resort happenings! Only drawback. ... the high price ($360 + 28 resort fees).
5	Pricey, but worth it.  Grounds are immaculate.   Pools are clean and not crowded.  Seems like a lot of wealthy eccentrics (dogs in strollers) and a nice absence of white trash make for a pleasant stay.  Roast some marshmallows at Frank and Alberts.
1	Such a beautiful venue but such poor uncaring service.  My elderly mom got food poisoning at FrankAlbert and the most care we got was the operator .. They could use help
5	This is a must see!  We went just for the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture.  It is gorgeous!  And to think it was made back in in 1929!  We also had lunch at frank and Alberts.
4	Very nice resort but very confusing.  I went for a conference and spent 20 minutes driving around the grounds.  I had a hard time finding an employee to ask.  I found a restaurant and gold course on property but both were locked.  Finally, I found an employee who gave me incorrect directions, which lead me into a neighborhood.   Once I found the ballroom, I was impressed.  The facility was large and very nice.  They served us breakfast which was very tasty.
4	The hotel has some drawbacks for sure, but we had a wonderful stay here and I would absolutely return.As mentioned in other reviews, this hotel loves conventions and weddings and in the weekend we stayed we witnessed 2 weddings, one huge convention and multiple other meetings. But all that said I never felt crowded or that it was too busy. The property is huge and spread out amongst many buildings. This helped it feel like less of a huge convention center type hotel. Rooms were clean but nothing special. Decor was outdated at least in the valley building but we hardly spent any time in the room so it wasn't a big deal. I found it really obnoxious that they charged $5-$10 for a bottle of water. This is arizona and its hot! But bottled water was readily avail for free around the resort and the concierge gave us a few bottles for our hike. So why the huge in room and cafe charge?? Food was delicious. We dined at frank and Alberts numerous times and at wrights and I was very happy. Service was wonderful and food was fresh. The pool is where we felt the crowds. It was impossible to get good chairs under umbrellas but we also got out there on the later end. Big big fan of the waterside and salt pool.The spa left a lot to be desired. The common areas and locker room were nice but minimal. My treatments were so so and not really worth it. I'm not sure I would bother again. Overall I found it a relaxing stay for a girls weekend and its probably a great family vacation. It's not super trendy but a classic place for a little getaway.
4	Gorgeous hotel that may or may not have been the work of Frank Lloyd Wright. It's undisputed that Frank Lloyd Wright came out to Arizona to work on the Biltmore, but how much did he contribute? The Arizona Biltmore won't tell. They're coy about it. A bit high priced. It's been thru several owners since the economic meltdown, but the new ownership group is supposed to be pumping money into it for a much needed refurbishment. A nice experience.
3	Well manicured grounds and interesting architecture are the high points for this hotel.  Beautiful flowers and rolling grass lawns are a welcome contrast to the desert sandstone colored exterior. The rooms, however, feature outdated furniture and appointments, and the age of the hotel definitely shows in most of the interior spaces. Another drawback was inattentive poolside service.  After a few minutes seated by the pool, we had to go find menus ourselves, at which point we also told a server that we'd like to order soon.  Back at our chairs, we waited about ten minutes for someone to come by before getting up and ordering at the bar.  Meanwhile, some of the employees were standing around doing nothing. There was also an unacceptable level of daily maintenance for a hotel of this price point. Many of the trash cans that I saw on the grounds were filled to overflowing, attracting pigeons and other birds which were spreading the trash around as they picked at it.  Patio tables at one of the restaurants were left uncleared, causing the same unwanted avian infestation. If management can bring up the standards of cleanliness and service, and implement a little modernization, this hotel can return to its former glory as a high class resort.
5	I have no idea how anyone could rtae this place anything besides a 5-star. It is incredible. From the quality of the upkeep of the grounds to the history of the guests who have stayed there, this place is a gem in the desert!
4	I got my room for $150 a night.  I get how ppl complain if they are paying x2 or 3 times what I did.  Great hotel for the 100 to 200 a night price range.  Ridiculous pool coffee shop swim up bar lounge golf course etc... with a ton of history.  But do not compare it to New York  Waldorf or other ritz Carlton's which I've stayed at.  It's a true 4 star Hyatt or Hilton with flair.  I will return.
4	Gorgeous! Beautiful and historic. Love it!
3	Eh. Not the Waldorf's best effort by a long shot. Pros: grounds are beautiful,  ocatilla room is nice, and shuttle service to the fashion mall is helpful. Cons: hit or miss valet staff,  abrupt front desk service, and an incredibly rude sedan driver. Visits to other WA properties may have spoiled us.  Details lacking so the Biltmore too lacks that "wow" factor.  Disappointed to have decided to spend our anniversary getaway here.
2	I'm a frequent traveler and stay in Hiltons whenever I can.  I decided to stay at the Biltmore because of the great rates in the summer.  I have stayed at Waldorfs before and have enjoyed the comforts and amnemities they offer.  Walking into the building was unexpected because it was very dark and you had to find your way to the front desk which was not near the front entrance.  Once your eyes adjusted, the architect is wonderful.  I wish that the lighting was brighter to fully enjoy the it.  Wright was a genius in design.  Once at the desk, there was only one person and a long line of people.  I'm a Hilton Diamond member and use to not waiting.  In the other Waldorfs there is a separate area for Hilton Honor members and they have everything ready for your arrival.  So after waiting in line for 30 minutes it was my turn to check in.  The desk attendant was friendly and helpful.  She gave me a map of the property and instructions on where to park my car and how to get to my room.  This is where the hotel gets my 2 star rating.  I like to park in self parking since as I said before I don't like to wait.  Sometimes valet service can be busy.  Well, the self parking lot was a distance from my room.  I had a room in the Terrace building which is in the far back of the hotel.  There is no parking anywhere but in the front of the hotel for valet and the self parking.  Walking from the parking lot to my room in 110 degree weather was not my idea of fun or relaxing.  The map that I was given has all the buildings but it doesn't have the walkways.  The signs on the property are not very helpful.  Walkways split and they don't always have signs where to go.  If you choose the wrong direction you end up at a deadend.  These are not deadends in which you can just walk across the grass to get on another path.  They are deadends that come to a side of a building, fence or ravine.  The whole time I'm walking around, I never see a hotel staff member.  I finally find my building and get on the elevator.  The elevator has no air conditioning and I have just entered an oven.  Now I'm thinking, why didn't I just stay at the Hampton Inn.  The room was ok.  Nothing special, not any different than a Hampton.  The furniture was old but everything was neat and appeared clean.  I go to plug in my Ipad and computer to find that there are very few electrical plugs and many of them don't even work.  Thank goodness I travel with an extension cord (frequent traveler).  The air conditioner control is one of the old kind and I could never get it set so the room was a comfortable temperature.  It was either too cold or too warm.  I was constantly getting up to adjusted it.  The bed was comfortable but when I woke in the morning, the first thing I see is an ant crawling across the sheet.  Ok, its just an ant, it could be worse.  I go into the bathroom to find more ants (call to front desk).  The shower doesn't drain correctly and minor housekeeping issues creep up.  One thing I did like was the food.  It was very good.  I'm not a food person, I eat because I have too so I'm very picky.  But the food was great.  I recommend the Mega Grilled Cheese.  Its a heart attack waiting to happen but it was great.  UPDATE:  I guess it depends on when you order food.  I had the Mega Grilled Cheese for lunch and it was awful.  The bacon wasn't cooked and the cheese wasn't heated enough to even melt.  If I was paying regular winter rates I would of checked out.  The grounds, pool and food are great but the inconveniences, lack of service and bad upkeep of the rooms will keep me from returning.
1	The grounds were really nice and the architecture fabulous; however, this place is so poorly managed that I would NEVER recommend this place. The service so inadequate and deplorable I cannot see how this place ever gets more than two stars. Sat by the pool for three hours and never got service. No one was attending the towel station, and worse yet, no water in 108 degree weather. The furniture in my bedroom the veneer on the furniture was bubbling, my room was never serviced before 3 PM, and the vents were black with dust. My shower had hair in the drain when I checked in.
5	I visited this hotel after hearing good things about it's long history and beautiful grounds. The grounds are very beautiful and well maintained with very unique architecture. It makes for great pictures with the large manicured lawns and fountains. I did not stay in the hotel overnight though so I can't comment on the rooms. There is a self park garage on site too if you want to avoid the valet parking though it may be a walk to your room
5	Stayed there for July 4th weekend. Staycation with the family.... Very nice and clean hotel and the rooms are great... The hotel is located around a lot of good restaurants very convenient.. There pools are awesome especially the one with a slide...
5	I had the privilege of staying at the Biltmore last week while a Phi Kappa Psi national meeting was taking place. I was the Granny Nanny for my 6 month old grandson while my son in law and daughter attended several meetings and banquets.I completely enjoyed my stay! I had a wonderful room in the Ocatilla building.I had a number of excellent dining experiences,in the restaraunt, poolside and room service!While it was ridiculously HOT my room was always comfortable especially during my grandson's nap time.I learned to appreciate the amazing designs of Frank Lloyd Wright and loved the architect and designer's ability to weave his distinct style into the entire facility.I will happily recommends this facility to anyone heading to the Phoenix area in the future!My visit was a pleasure from start to finish!
3	Don't fret if anybody walks into the lobby with a shoulder holster and weapon. It's totally cool here, and it goes fashionably with a nine iron.  I do like this place, but I don't love this place.  I like the history of this hotel, and find the aesthetics and the architecture appealing.  They maintain the grounds well.  Croquet anybody?  I appreciate the fact that they take the history of this hotel into account when updating and remodeling.  I've had nothing but good experiences with the customer service.  I love the box of chocolates you get in your room.  French Press coffee for the win!  The rooms are well appointed, and I do love the large showers.  There are several pools to choose from.  There are nice, but overpriced, restaurants and bars.  Is it just me who has trouble with the layout? I do nothing but walk around in circles trying to get to my car.  They have the two parking areas, and neither is very convenient to the rooms I have stayed in.  I sometimes have to attend to my accounts for night shift work, and wandering around a deserted property at midnight is not super awesome.  And they won't let you use the parking lot right by the entrance unless you valet.  Boo! I don't know, there really isn't anything I don't like about this place...I mean, it's nice...but nothing really differentiates The Biltmore from other Hilton Resorts in Phoenix, other than the history and because "Waiting to Exhale" was filmed here.  Maybe my expectations are too high or I need to stay in a villa.
3	I was eager to enjoy the historic Arizona Biiltmore Hotel on my recent stay in Phoenix. I chose the hotel for its reputation and connection to the Frank Lloyd Wright. Unfortunately, I was not impressed at all, other than the opulent lobby, the hotel has seen better days. I was "upgraded" to a Villa and did not feel it was an upgrade. The furniture was dirty and threadbare, the appointments were old, even the two TVs were bulbous variety in cabinets. The staff was pleasant enough, but was disappointed with their efforts, the pool staff was non-existent. All in all, I wouldn't select this property again until it is remodeled.
5	A wonderful stay. Attentive service with going beyond the expected. Delivered champagne at no charge, drawn bubble bath with rose petals and strawberries, club lounge and amazing amenities. The Octallio within the Biltmore was an amazing experience.
4	Stayed here for the 2nd time in recent years and took advantage of the summer special that was offered to us that include the room and vouchers for 3 meals per day! We had 2 rooms, one of the rooms was located in the Paradise section and was updated and nicely appointed. Not sure why they stuck us (the parents) in the older section of the hotel. The A/C was very loud and the tub did not drain properly, we called the front desk and they got someone to fix the drainage issue, but the bathtub faucet dripped the entire time we stayed there. The bed was very comfortable and the amenities of the hotel were very nice. Also, apart from the rather grouchy and unwielding check in clerk, all the staff couldn't be nicer and more professional. A shout out to the manager on duty David, who straightened out some issues for us and also Aaron at the Cabana Club pool bar--who couldn't be nicer and more accomodating..did I mention I was traveling with 4 teenage boys????? The grounds for this hotel are great and this time I did use the spa and treated myself and my man to a couples massage. The spa and the adjoining workout area were nicely appointed and well staff. I would definitely come back. The summer special was a great value and the weather this weekend cooperated and was beautiful!
1	Granted - we received the gift certificate from a golf tourney but the heat was terrible! We have been here almost two hours and the room us no cooler and maintenance says there's nothing they can do! I'm fairly certain that they ONLY give this room to people who they give the certificates to! I love the heat but this is ridiculous.so I'm not important enough to you?!
2	I booked 3 rooms for 3 nights each and was sorely disappointed. They have me $100 vouchers that was told to use upon check out. Wrong. So I'm out $300 worth of stuff I bought assuming the vouchers would cover it. My room was in the Golf Villas which means a nice 15 minute walk to the room from the lobby and even farther to the convention center. They have golf carts that can pick you up / drop you off, but that's assuming they're charged (50/50) on my experience. And of course you are expected to tip. Called for more toiletries on the third day, never received them. Never received their towel cards on check-in so I had to fight as to why I wasn't going to pay for not returning them on check out. Place was beautiful. Just a pain in the *** to stay here. I won't be back. Not for this price at this service level.
1	The hotel building its self was beautiful, the grounds were beautiful and well kept, however that is where it stops. The staff was terrible and rude.     Saturday morning i was woken up at 6:30 in the morning (after driving 12 hours the night before) to an the ungodly noise of the air conditioning fan screaming. I went to the front desk to report it and the man at the desk was very rude and acted as if i was inconveniencing him.    Saturday afternoon I decided to take a shower, and when I got out there was an inch of standing water.      To top it off they charged me an additional $58 dollars for a "pool fee after i got back home.    I paid around $300 to stay in a place that is poorly maintained and staffed with extremely rude people. I would not recommend this place nor will I ever stay at another Hilton hotel, EVER!
2	For the last weekend of summer rates, my honey and I stayed at the Biltmore and purchased the Ocatilla package. It was a separate building that had a separate lounge that offered different amenities during the day. It is also included GC's to Frank and Albert's and Wright's.Pros:-Easy to check in and out-Allowed for early check in-Self parking-Food @ Wright's (lamb and tartare was delish)-Pool open 24 hoursCons:-Guest rep at check in was asked to book the reservation for our dinner @ Wright's...didn't do it-The food and drink options were limited and average at the Ocatilla lounge-The chairs against the tile in the lounge sounded horrific-customer service was so below average t the Ocatilla lounge. No skim milk, no real "Full continental breakfast"-Dinner @ Wrights, my guy had a scorpion crawl up his leg and killed it right before dessert. The server and manager made excuses, was sorry but not REALLY sorry. They comped the souffle but was a little uneasy with their response-elevator in Ocatilla building was a hot box - felt like a thousand degrees-Could not accommodate late check outBased on the list above...I would not have another staycation here.
1	Had the nachos since nothing else appealed to me.  I have had better nacho cheese at a Football game.  Pretty bad.
2	Should have read the reviews before booking!  This is definitely not the level of service we expected for a 5-star hotel.  We had less than a five minute wait at the front desk, but it took the front desk over 20 min to check us in, then we were given poor directions to Paradise.  Upon entering our room we found dirty dishes on the floor, but the room had been cleaned, so I believe it was an oversight by the housekeeper.  The room was a king room with a balcony, however we were hard pressed to find a place to sit or put our luggage!  The reservation said marble bath, I guess they were talking about the vanity, because there was no bath, only a shower.  Immediately upon entry we telephoned guest services for champagne flutes and an ice bucket as we were celebrating and wanted to have a glass and get to the pool while the sun was still shining...30 min later I had to call again, and again we waited.  Finally after almost 45 min we received the champagne flutes and two "plastic beer cups" for the pool.  At this level of service could they not provide plastic champagne flutes for the pool; I mean we weren't exactly drinking Cold Duck?! Looking for an elegant and celebratory dining experience for the evening, and not wanting to leave the premises, we attempted to make dinner reservations at the resort's upscale restaurant, Wright's, only to be told they are not open on Sunday evenings.  Are you kidding me?  The concierge made a few suggestions and made a dinner reservation at a restaurant offsite, however we ended up canceling opting instead for room service; which I can say was pretty decent, but then again we had brought our own champagne and wine.Arriving at the pool we were told we needed to go to another area to retrieve pool towels, the look on my face must have said it all because the bar manager said, "hold on," and promptly came back with four fresh towels and did not ask for our pool towel cards.  The Paradise pool was nice, and I liked the fact it had an "adults only" section, however the jacuzzi was dirty and the jets were not functioning.The bed was comfortable, but we were on the top floor and you would have thought there was a room above us running the shower all evening.  I have no idea what the sound was, but I had a fitful night's sleep; the sound was deafening.This morning we had an early flight and needed to check out at 4:30 a.m. We called down for the car so as not to wait, and yes...we waited.  The bellman apologized profusely telling us he was the only attendant on duty!  If you have not visited this resort to say it is HUGE is an understatement!  This resort is significantly understaffed, and lacks the professionalism and quality touches an establishment at this level should have. Management did attempt to extend the olive branch by sending up a fruit plate and two bottles of water.  While the gesture was appreciated it hardly made up for the lack of attention to the details.  Bottom line:  At close to $500 for one night (including taxes and resort fees), you should definitely be getting something more than what you receive!!  I guess it goes to show that it's the company you keep that makes the occasion and I am blessed to have been with someone special, so in spite of the disappointments the only thing that mattered was who I was with and that made the evening enjoyable.
4	My husband and I checked in a few weeks ago for a staycation and had a wonderful stay. I would have given 5 stars, but every time I check into a Hilton hotel something happens...this time was no different. We booked an all-inclusive package and weren't provided with the vouchers (same thing happened last time we booked an all-inclusive) until I asked for them.  This seriously concerns me now that it has happened twice because if someone were to book this for you as a gift and you didn't know it was all-inclusive you might miss out on the vouchers.  When I asked about it, they were very apologetic and told us the vouchers weren't prepared and they would deliver to our room, which they did about 10-15 minutes later.  Just make sure if you book all-inclusive that you get everything you are supposed to get. Now, onto the fun stuff - THE ROOM!  We were fortunate enough to get one of the newly renovated resort rooms in the Valley Wing and oh my heavens, it was glorious!  We were the first guests to enjoy the room and I took pictures of just about everything and was blown away by the quality of the renovation. The rooms are gorgeous, the beds are deliciously comfortable, they have power outlets all over, a Keurig coffee machine, Salvatore Ferragamo bath products, storage space for days, a huge closet, and awesome furniture. The attention to detail exceeded all of my expectations.  I wish the rooms had looked like this when we got married at the Biltmore.I do have one additional concern about the all-inclusive package that I want all Yelpers to be aware of - it isn't quite clear how the service charge for restaurants is applied to the vouchers.  When you use a voucher at a resort restaurant they will add a 15% gratuity to the check, so if you want to tip more you just need to add the difference.  However, our server at Wright's didn't explain that to us, so we over-tipped because we didn't think there was a service charge included - so the waiter got a 35% tip, yay for him! Lesson learned by us for future stays.  :)
5	location wonderful, rooms very good size clean quiet, dint eat at hotel but did have a drink at bar nice and relaxed. Muzzy hotel. I found most of the staff very helpful bar staff could perhaps smile a bit more! reading some of the reviews i was a bit worried for what we paid i thought it was very good value
5	What a wonderful way to end our visit to Phoenix and Sedona. We were treated to magnificent new rooms that walk out into the pool area. We started the morning with a glorious hot tub followed by a delicious breakfast outside on the patio. After a day of visiting Frank Lloyd Wrights home Taliesin West and local Zen Gardens we came home to a beautiful spread including 8 assorted fruits, seeds and nuts and a full bottle of my beloveds favorite wine. I don't know how it could get better than this!
4	Stayed here while attending a conference that was also held here. The resort is very nice, but the first day or two I was very confused on where to go, because it is so spread out and all of the "wings" look the same. Once I got my bearings, though, the resort seemed to "shrink," and it was easy to find my way around.The conference center and ballrooms are great, with a ton of space for many different needs. The catered food was just okay, with some things being better than others. The logistics/people moving aspects could be better, especially when there are a thousand attendees all trying to get lunch at the same time. My room was VERY comfortable, and the bathroom was also nice. The fitness facility is really quite large--larger than I was expecting, and all of the equipment was relatively new. I thought the a/c could have been set a couple degrees cooler, though.The pool is quite large, and there were plenty of lounge chairs. I'm sure the pool must get quite full in the summer months, but even bring October, the weather was definitely warm enough to enjoy being out there, and it wasn't crowded with too many people.Every employee I ran into was so cordial, friendly, and helpful, and that speaks volumes.
1	Supposedly, this is the nicest resort in the area. If this is true, next time I'll stay in a different area! I came in for a few days for a business trip. First off, if you choose not to pay for valet, you have to park very far away (10 minute walk) in the parking garage. This wouldn't be so bad, however once you get to the garage, they provide NO signs showing you the way back to the hotel. I had to ask two different employees where to go as I was heaving my luggage along. Finally I made it to the front desk (dripping in sweat from the exercise in my business suit in the hot AZ sun), and I was anxious to check in so that I could rest in the king sized bed that I had reserved. The lady at the front told me that they only had 3 kings left, as if I wasn't important enough to occupy one. This was strike two.Making it up to my room, there were several other details that I found to be disappointing. First, my room was blazing hot and it took a good 20 minutes to cool down. This was highly frustrating given my arduous journey from the parking lot. Next, I found pubic hairs in the bathtub. I'm not necessarily one to take baths in hotels anyway, but it was still disgusting to see. Crawling into bed, I noticed a browned splotch of blood in my sheets.The last and final complaint I have about this  very disappointing experience is the fact that when I left the parking garage in the morning, I realized that I had to pay for it. I'll say it again, I HAD TO PAY TO PARK 10 MINUTES AWAY. Are you kidding me, Biltmore? To anyone reading this post, take my advice and stay at the Ritz! By the way, I never post about anything. I was truly so angry about my experience that I felt the need to warn others.
4	Nice hotel that offers all the great history and ambiance of a time past.  Many of the rooms have been renovated, but always make sure you ask for one, as the others are old and dated.  Love the feel of the place.
1	*In all my years of travel, never have I dealt with such a lack of caring or service*I was stung twice by a scorpion in bed at 4:30am, I trapped it on a glass, called the front desk, they sent up security and he was non chalant about it and handed me some anti itch cream*I proceeded to inform the front desk, concierge and the front desk at check out only to receive no real response or caring about the situation.  I almost feel like this is a common occurrence and they didnt want to admit to it, no offer for a comp room, no letter from the GM all the while my shoulder and arm were ON FIRE and I was in Pain for an entire day with horrible swelling.  Unbelievable.*Lastly, I had PTSD the second night and barely slept a wink.  All I wanted to do was leave this property.  I worked in the hotel business for many years, matter of fact I rain front desks and have a degree from one of the best Hotel Schools in the world, its not that this type of thing happens, IT IS HOW YOU DEAL with it and I give this staff a resounding F grade.
2	Has a grand entrance and lobby, some excellent service by bell men and concierge and cleaning crews. Also, the gym is rather good. But the rooms themselves are rather pedestrian, with chips in the sink, dirty plates and silverware in kitchen, 1980ish televisions with no DVD players, no chest of drawers at all to put clothes in, and an overall outdated feel. I hear the place is undergoing renovation. Well, it would be nice if the yet-to-be renovated rooms went for a lower rate. Unfortunately, they did not. What a shame.
3	I'm torn because the property is gorgeous and well-maintained, but we were not impressed by the service overall.  It's our first experience with a Hilton resort and we didn't feel like we were valued as hotel guests (and apparently being a "diamond" member doesn't make any difference).  And paying the premium to stay in the Ocatilla building with its lounge is debatable; they ran out of food way before they were supposed to close down the service and the breakfast was the same every morning, with pastries, cereal, hard-boiled eggs and mini-bagels (i.e., no hot food or variation aside from changing the pastries).  Some minor nits include the privacy sign for the door that flew off EVERY time you opened the door, the rather slovenly and lackadaisical girls monitoring the water slide (although I must say the pools, Jacuzzis and slide were all excellent), phone calls to front desk took extremely long time to be picked up no matter what time we called, and the toilet paper was quite rough.  However, my husband was enthralled with the size of the flatscreen TV!
5	I stayed here for a couple of days in November with my two adult daughters. The rooms were nice, the grounds were beautiful and our service was excellent.We are all three fans of Frank Lloyd Wright and, though he is not the architect for the buildings, and there have been several extensions, the architectural style is heavily influenced by his teachings and what remains of the original buildings has such history!  One of my daughters expressed interest to Stephanie (at the front desk) seeing the original structures (as opposed to the more recent additions such as the one we were staying in).  She went out of her way to arrange a tour of the historic buildings and then went above and beyond by sending a gift bag to my daughter containing a Frank Lloyd Wright book!We couldn't be more pleased.I noticed other reviewers mentioned the vouchers and the parking.  Vouchers: We had AMEX credit for use in the restaurants and gift shop so we splurged for fine dining.  The fine print says to present them at the time of use, which we didn't see at the time of use.  But when we realized it and asked at the front desk the day we were going to check out, they had no problem crediting them.Parking: Yes, the non-valet parking is a hike. We didn't have a problem with walking, especially since the grounds are beautiful.  In all, it was a very nice stay.
3	Checked-in with great staff but they don't care if you're a Diamond member. I only spend a 1/3 of my life at Hilton. Just got a normal room and used all of my Hilton points. I'm not a celebrity and also shouldn't be treated like one... But would've loved at least some amenities for my loyalty.
2	Service sub par, bed sheets were not clean, I expected more.
