2	I went to Kabuki shortly after it opened at Town Square.  At first I was quite impressed at the service and the atmosphere.  However, the food there was not really all that great.  After eating there, both me and my guest had bad stomach aches.  I don't have a sensitive stomach (I know, since i've eaten food in China without having digestion issues).  For the price, I'd much rather go to RA.
1	So after months of being on hiatus from Yelp, I was absolutely intent on warning my fellow Yelpers.  I visit Town Square on a regular basis, and eagerly awaited for the grand opening of Kabuki.  My fiance and I went during happy hour and ordered their fried calamari, shrimp tempura roll, and gold rush roll.  After one bite of one of the rolls, my fiance immediately knew the sushi was no good.  I took a bite, and although it didn't taste good, I never waste sushi.  So I ate both rolls against my better judgement.  Let's just say, I had to call in sick to work the next day because of digestive problems.  I am not surprised at all that another Yelper had a similar experience!Because of my bad experience at Kabuki, this avid sushi lover has to stay away from all things sushi related for a little while.
3	We were there for Happy Hour & it was a decent way to try out the place.  Not bad.  The fried sesame chicken was tasty.   The saba was delish.  Very marinated & tasty.  The crab roll was ok.  The rice wasn't packed tight enough though.  The Salmon Roller was good, but the salmon wasn't the freshest.  The service was a bit too freakin cheery for me...I'd try it again another day.
2	I personally didn't get sick, but I thought the food sucked. The watiress was relatively friendly, the atmosphere was decent, but I go to a restaurant for the food!Drinks were tasty, but very watered down/full of juice tasting.. for ~10 I want at least a shot of booze in my drink! Edamame was cold.. not a fan. Tempura was just ok, instead of sweet potatoes they had normal potatoes.. this is a sin in my book. We had the griled yellowtail collar.. I expected more of a seared thing, but this was fully cooked not yummy fish.. Other appetizer was the gyoza and they even managed to screw up frozen fried food. The dumpling was crispy on top and super soggy on the bottom.  The sushi was just EH... not fishy or anything, just not particularly good. The pacific roll was the best roll we tried by far... if you get dragged to this place like I did, play it safe and try that one !
3	Ok for the two times I've been here. Once was for take out and another for dine in. It's like walking into a neo tokyo pop art museum. Seriously...the bar is pretty small. Bartender was a rookie. I wasn't too impressed. Oh you wanna talk about food. Yummmm the Spicy tuna was.....spicy tuna....the calamari was....fried calamari.....Oh yea and the grilled yellowtail collar was....grilled yellowtail collar. Ok so everything tasted like it should. Not completely out of this world or mind blowing. And yes I was the jerk that ordered the strawberry green tea with the mint. Combine two drinks in one. And it took them forever to actually interpret that. Believe me my engrish is good. Yes the service was very very ahem Cheery. I mean if it was any more sweeter I'd be in yogurtland.
4	Kabuki is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour.  I wish they had more sushi rolls on the happy hour menu but the drink selection makes up for it.  Their grapefruit mojitos and lemon drops are especially yummy.  Not to mention, after accidentally dropping and breaking my drink, our server brought me out a new drink with no charge.  :)  I probably wouldn't dine here any other time than happy hour simply because you can get the sushi rolls much cheaper elsewhere, but it's still a a great place.
2	We decided to try Kabuki before a movie.  It sounded like a nice date night kind of thing.  The prices looked reasonable and there seemed to be a variety of dishes we would like.  Our hopes were shattered.The atmosphere was loud.  Very loud.  It is customary for the host to shout when about to seat someone.  When the rest of the staff can hear the host over the din of the other shouting patrons and the blasting top 40 station, they shout in response.We ordered the spider roll as an appetizer, but it came after our entrees.  The roll was good, nothing ground breaking.  The chicken teriyaki was tasty, but needed something besides just chicken (rice and salad on the side).  And they had good miso soup.The rest was not so good.  The iced green tea tasted like water.  The tonkatsu was dry, and tasted like a mcnugget with barbeque sauce.  The salad was fresh from the bag?The service was fine, but won't bring us back, especially in light of the food.
2	I am definitely NOT a fan of Kabuki. Of all the times I have been to the restaurants in California, I have never once suggested going there on my own. The prior times were because of some sort of event with friends.Why did I go to the one in Vegas? Well friends that live there wanted to have dinner with the BF and I and they picked Kabuki. I decided to give it try because when you least expect it, things can surprise you. Right? But unfortunately, this time it didn't happen. I'll give the place props for being the nicest (decor + ambiance) one I've been to. However, I'm still not a fan of the food. I was very disappointed with the sushi yet again. I could get way better and way cheaper at other places. However, I did love their Tokyo Mojito in Lychee flavor. That was pretty delicious. The calamari was decent but I enjoyed it better than the rolls.The other thing I didn't get was their plates. I mean they really tried to make it all nice and super chic but their humongous heavy frosted glass plates (for a small roll on each) were not working. We were seated at a booth and we BARELY got everything to fit. Someone needed to work on their space management or make the tables bigger.Back to the positive. One other thing that I liked is that it's located in a pretty shopping area. Much like Victoria Gardens and it was beautiful at night (minus the overhead airplanes landing and taking off). hahaUnless someone absolutely has/wants to go, I won't even think of going back. If I have to, I'll stick to the alcohol and their appetizers.
2	Did not enjoy this place. I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.Came here with a larger group of people. Food came relatively quickly and menu seemed extensive enough with some good, unique and tried-and-true Japanese/sushi restaurant options. Sushi was fresh-tasting, but nothing groundbreaking. I must say that I really enjoyed the oyster shooter and am craving it right now--this was the only dish were presentation lacked pretentiousness, yet taste was superb. Rolls and nigiri was also above average in taste and freshness...So, since I seemed to like the food just fine, why only 2 stars? Well, for atmosphere, service and prices, to say exactly. Prices were over-inflated considering the food is not the best out there. I've had better at hole-in-a-wall sushi places! Service was rude and often made inappropriate comments over certain food orders (like my "unique" oyster shooter). Service was also slow and not helpful by any means. At the end of the day I was overcharged on my credit card bill and had to dispute the charges with my credit card, since managers/servers were not helpful.Atmosphere was too trendy for my liking--I don't like to go to a sushi place and feel like I'm in a club, it is not my thing. I want to enjoy my food and eat in peace with relatively timely service. I didn't get peace here. Oh no. It's hard to get peace and quiet when techno music is booming all around and tables are so close together that you can hear everything that is being said by your neighboring diners despite the annoying and loud techno-trance! Decor is very loud as well, but not in a good sense. It's a hodge-podge of ridiculously looking booths and pictures that go better with a club environment than a sushi place. This place scored a "0" for ethnicity, since there was nothing ethnic, Japanese about it. Even the food, although good, was largely Americanized. There was no Ikura (large caviar) even offered! Seaweed salad was not good and I had to ask waiter twice for a miso soup for him to even know if they served it/what it was.I would not recommend this place. I do like Town Square experience, but I would go to countless other restaurants there before I went to Kabuki again.
3	Pretty cool design and atmosphere.   Service was friendly but uncoordinated.   Each item came at a different time.   My friend's shrimp cocktail came five minutes after his entree which was the second to last item to hit the table for our party of three.They have a fairly generic drink menu, but I will say that it is very fairly priced for a Vegas restaurant.   Items ordered:Tuna & Avocado cocktail - Good, served in a a half avocado, all though over salted.Spicy Tuna Roll - Pretty good.Gyoza - Very good, all though a little small.Shrimp cocktail - served in a cool neon lit Champagne glass, the presentation was cool, but the actual shrimp had to be frozen.   Pretty bad quality.  We didn't finish it, and we are all fat guy big eaters.Sashimi Plate - very good and well presented.Beef & Chicken dinner - Good, but way overcookedSpicy Udon Noodles with seafood - Excellent.  They made it a bit less spicy for me B/C I don't like food too hot.Overall it wasn't that bad, but three stars for a couple paltry dishes and very uncoordinated, all though very friendly service.
3	I'm not someone who eats sushi- but usually I manage to find something  decent on the menu.  I always have beef teriyaki at sushi places... since their chicken for some reason is never white meat. It was more like steak though, not the beef I'm used to. I felt like I needed some A1 or bbq sauce...but you can never go wrong with miso soup- but it will never fill you up. So I woudn't recommend this place to people who don't like to eat raw flesh of fish that smell like the women's restroom. I'll give them this- tempura green tea ice cream- Amazing! I can live off of it. I would just have to get it to-go in order to escape that bathrom smell (sushi). yuck. lol
3	Came here after the movies and it was just like my rating which was ok....We didn't a whole lot of sushi that night but we had two apps, a salad and an entree.  The apps were pretty good along with the salad, but that beef cooked hibachi style was a little weird.  I know the taste of hibachi being raised in hawaii, but that tasted like it was put in the oven, cooked well done, and rubbery.  Service wise it was ok, we went in pretty late so we tried to make haste, but they were still pretty friendly.
4	The reviews for Kabuki just doesn't do it justice!! A friend of mine told me they've undergone new ownership recently! NO WONDER!!! She admits it really wasnt good before but trust me guys..  it's definitely the go to place for sushi off the strip.I've had a fair share of sushi and everywhere I go it's good.. but this place was REALLY good. The place itself it very beautiful and ritzy looking.. you would expect the prices to be really expensive but they're not at all. It was the three of us and it cost 55 bucks for a miso soup, 3 rolls, scallop appetizer, a sashimi sampler, and some cokes. Not too shabby!our appetizer, the Crispy Scallop Arare ($9) was soooo good! They were dice-sized pieces of scallop lightly battered and fried with rice crackers.. and the best part was the spicy mayo to dip in. and get this, the spicy mayo.. was actually spicy. thank you kabuki. the sashimi plate ($9 wow) was also a big hit at my table. my faves were the shrimp, tuna, and yellowtail. fresh!! the rolls we got were the Spider Roll ($10), the Shrimp Tempura Roll($8), and the Sunkissed roll ($10)... they were all good. not too much rice, not shady on the sashimi, no imitation crab. yayy. If you're unsure of what to get.. get the items that has a red icon next to them. Those items are "Chef Recommended". Most of our items had this symbol! Oh yeah, consider coming here during the day. It's in the Town Square Shopping Center where there are lots of stores to shop like H&M, ...-- I cant think of anything else because all i wanted was to go there. But there were others I swear..
5	This place is LEGIT! Pretty chill atmosphere, decent prices, great food!Doesnt matter what roll you get, they are all tasty. Just make sure you get the spicy mayo! It has a kick to it, definitely the best spicy mayo anywhere. I can eat dirt if it had this spicy mayo on top.. but Im not gonna try.Nice place off the strip to chill, shop, eat some sushi and grab some yogurt next door ( we didnt go but it must be good since there was a line during our entire dinner )
4	I could not wait to eat at this place since it was advertised at Town Square.  I finally got the chance for lunchtime with my son. Right away we were greeted with a smile and was seated right away.  (It helped it was not lunch rush yet).We started with spider roll which was yummy and big. I always end up getting a bento box and a sashimi sampler.  The presentation was superb and beautiful for the sampler.  ---however the fish looked kinda dry....tasted fresh but looked dry. Who could go wrong with the bento box.  I just wish the salad had the miso peanut dressing rather than that gingery salad dressing. Our waiter- "Won" was very attentive and always had a smile on his face.  This makes a nice place for a date or out of towners for that ambiance setting.  I would go here again.....but maybe not as a first choice.
4	Okay, I admit, I was hesitant at first with the idea of hitting up Kabuki.  But since I've been making my rounds for happy hour, I was told that I have to check this place out!Their happy hour is Monday through Friday, from 3 pm to 6 pm; includes discounted drinks and food.Drinks are hard to miss on their menu because it dominates the first few pages.I started off with:* Tokyo Mojitos "Made from Asian Vodka "Shochu" and Sake" (HH $4.95 / $7.95 reg), the Berry flavor.  When I took a sip, oh my goodness, wow!  This was one damn good mojito!  I had the Husband and another friend try it, and they were sold immediately!  The Husband got the Grapefruit variety, while our friend got a Berry one too.  I also tried the Lychee one later on.  I'm not usually a fan of fresh grapefruit, but it reminded me more of grapefruit soda and I liked it too, better than the Lychee one.* Draft beer (Kirin Ichiban) (HH $1.95 / reg $3.50) - The guys did get beer to start, but soon moved on to mojitos!I had planned on trying one of their Chu-Hi "Made from Asian Vodka 'Shochu' with Refreshing Fruit Flavor" drinks, specifically the Blueberry flavor (HH $4.95 / reg $6.95), but got stuck on the mojitos!  Oh well, next time!Foodwise: I had to ask first, do they use sriracha in their hot sauce?  (I'm not a fan of it in my sushi.)  And thank goodness, no!  I was all aboard!* Spicy Tuna Roll (HH $2.95 / reg $4.75) - My staple, as long as I like the hot sauce and I like it here.  Yum.* Lotus on Fire Roll "Spicy Tuna, Lotus Root, and Jalapeno on top of California roll" (HH $5.95 / reg $9.95) - This was beautifully presented with a deep-fried lotus root sitting on each piece, complete with a jalapeno slice.  There's also some spicy crunchy things on one side and more hot sauce on the other side.  It's a pretty tasty roll with a lot of heat, so good that we ordered another roll!* Salmon Skin Roll (HH $2.95 / reg $3.95) - Served with six pieces, the bonito flakes add a nice smokey taste to it.  It was good.* Aladdin Roll "Spicy Albacore and Lightly Battered Shrimp Tempura" (HH $5.95 / reg $7.95) - Another tasty roll with a bit less heat and a nice subtle crunch from the masago.* Rose Roll (HH $5.95 / reg $8.95) "Lightly Battered Shrimp Tempura, A-Grade Avocado and Spicy Tuna" - We're all liking the spicy tuna, so how could this go wrong?Overall, we were all pleasantly surprised with the drinks and food offered, even at the happy hour.  Service was good, our waitress Briana, was always checking up on us and making sure we had enough food and drink.  We'd definitely go back for more happy hour action now!They also have a Red Mask Club so you can earn points when you dine.
4	Kabuki is great because where Yardhouse and Blue Martini's menu lack in (Sushi) this place makes up for. Now, both spots have single items like the Poke stack or the spicy tuna roll, but Kabuki has it all. Great sake specials to go along with great food make this place a winner in my book.
4	I like their traditional and not so traditional japanese menu. Some of their sushi creations are wonderful. Their portions are very reasonably sized! Their desserts aren't bad either! If ever at Town Square Shopping Center.. Stop by here!
1	We went for their anniversary special which was buy 1 get one for $1.  While the quality of the fish was fine, my gripe was more w/ the service here than anything else.I ordered a cold bottle of sake and they bring out 2 room temperature bottles stuffed in crushed ice.  Am I supposed to wait an hour before this gets cold?  Sent that shit back.  Waiter seemed surprised I didn't want it!! They should've just told people they were out of it then.  It took 20 minutes for them to bring a mojito over and then they close down the bar so my wife couldn't even get her 2nd one for a $1.  The waiter never stopped to ask if we needed anything as I always had to hail him down as he was walking by.  Lame.  This was the first time in a long time where I tipped less than 10%...I hope most of it went to the sushi chef.
4	Me and my cousin came here to meet up with his friend while we take our orders and enjoy the scenery from the inside and out the patio. First time here and had free sake samples. The manager was kind enough to give me their shot glass set since i insisted on paying for two different sets. Guess that means i'm kinda annoying to them but greatful with the service. If ever i would come back to vegas again this would be my first stop before heading to my reserved hotel. Food was awesome by the way.
3	If you don't eat meat, and you have to be in Las Vegas for an extended period of time, your diet will consist of onions, olives, various types of lettuce, tomatoes, potatoes (fries, mashed, etc), bread and cheese.So you can understand my desperation and excitement when we came across Kabuki today.  I mean, in comparison to Japanese restaurants in California (Northern and Southern), Kabuki is mediocre.   But...For me, today, it was like a thirsty man stranded in the desert for extended periods of time tasting his first drink of water in weeks.  I ordered a veggie roll, slathered it with wasabi and had a foodgasm right there in front of all my co-workers.  I also ordered shoyu ramen, the noodles were overcooked and the broth was tasteless, but beggars can't be choosers....So this place gets 3 stars.BTW, they have $1 Happy Endings...Sweet! (see photo)
4	Pretty little place tucked into a mall just off the strip. We were hungering for something that wasn't a buffet, so this place was a nice find. We started with some hot sake, which was littler than the "Large" size would lead you to think. Sushi was tastier than the sukiyaki or ramen that we got. Well-seasoned sushi rice, and the fish was decently fresh. For sushi, we got the eel and avocado roll, the omakase deluxe sushi set, and then a shrimp tempura roll. Shrimp tempura roll was a little meh, but the other stuff was oishiiiii.
4	Keeping this one as simple as possible. I have been to Kabuki twice now with a friend of mine and we have always enjoyed the food. Both times we have sat at the sushi bar so service is really a non-issue since we deal with the sushi chef directly.At Town Square in Las Vegas, so if you are looking to eat sushi in between the shopping, this will be a good place for you.
4	@KabukiCorporate Town Square is a MUST for Locals and Visitors alikeKabuki is a very nice place with elegant decor and very inviting atmosphere.When I arrived around 9pm it was quiet so the service was outstanding!! We ordered a wide array of items so we could try as much as possible off the NEW Reverse Happy Hour Menu(2nd item for ONLY $1)I have never been a connesuir of Asian cuisine but everything was GREAT!! Not fishy as I had expected since that has been my limited experience with Sushi. Everything the brought out was like a piece of art-presented perfectly with sauces and garnishes!! The sushi rolls just melted in your mouth. I'm getting hungry again writing this.I really kinda played it safe this time around but the way it went I will be back and trying some of the more exotic items on the menu!!! Thanks Kabuki!!
1	The Place: Hip DecorThe Service: Not So GreatThe Food: BlahBetween the Food & Service... I'd have to say PASS!!!
4	Tried Kabuki for the first time last week, during happy hour. First of all, they make the best mojito (Tokyo mojito) ever! Their sushi specials (between $5-7) were very creative and well presented. My wife and i enjoyed some agedashi tofu, Lotus on fire roll and Alaskan roll and all 3 were very tasty. Although the place seemd very busy, it did not feel crowded or rushed. Bill for 2 came to about $30 (2 drinks + 3 dishes). Will frequent this place again!
5	If me getting carried out by my bf is any indication that the Sake specials are great well then....Happy hour is great here, the prices are too bad but it just makes it easier on the wallet when you get one and the second for a dollar. The atmosphere is nice, the menu has so much to offer, i admit i don't remember what i ate, but ah the Sake got me! The front staff were okay but our waitress was helpful and responded to us in a timely manner.
5	I love the decor of this restaurant! Very much my style. I also love their food and drinks & their staff is really nice. As for drinks, I recommend their lycheetini (spelling?).. SO good! And I usually get the Cali roll which is also really good. :]
3	Overall Kabuki is a pretty good sushi restaurant located smack dab in the middle of town square. They have an interesting array of rolls and uniforms alike!Personally I enjoy the atmosphere and the wait staff more then I do the food which is a rarity for me. (Did that come out right? Oh well.... ) Anyway, that is not to say the food sucks, it's actually pretty good but just well overpriced. Actually more of Town Square priced is the best way to put it. Check it out during happy hour as they run some pretty good specials.
5	Great service by Paul! Great food for the kids! Great rolls for the wife n I!! I wish we had one in San Diego! 3 rolls, 2 kids huge kids meals, 4 drinks all for $49.30!!!! Loved it!!!
2	I've eaten here 4 times, either during shopping or before watching a movie.  Everytime, the quality has gone down, down, down.  I went last week hoping to like it and the sushi was mediocre at best.  We had a few pieces of sushi and two rolls.  The fish was just not that fresh and it showed.  The rolls were made and cut very poorly and were not delicious.  I really want to like this place given the location, but I will not be going back!
2	The service was horrible sadly enough and food decent
4	Best Happy Hour deal in Town. We went on a Thursday night and the deal starts from 9PM till closing. We had 4 rolls, two 22oz Beers, and two orders of hot sake in those white ceramic jars. All that for $24.54. Edamae was free for appetizer.Simply can't beat the price. Service was friendly and the food took a bit of time, but not long considering how bus  the place was. The rolls tasted better than average and they were fresh. We had the spicy tuna roll (my fav), the scallop roll, the Philly roll, and a salmon roll. Each roll is the standard 6 pieces. Four rolls were enough for my wife and I.This place is out a bit farther, but it's really fast to get here from anywhere on the strip. Either drive 15 mins or take a bus, the GOLD one, and it will get you there in about 20 mins. Worth the trip. The mall is packed with good stores (Apple, H&M, Blue Martini bar, Borders, etc).
5	I'd like to consider myself a sushi aficionado and I have to tell you that this is my favorite sushi place in Las Vegas. Everytime we are seated, several staff greet us ... loudly. They must be saying 'welcome' in Japaneese. They have an extensive & very creative sushi roll list. And best of all, upon request, they will make your rolls with brown rice or wrapped in cucumber in lieu of seaweed. The atmosphere is trendy, the staff is always friendly. and it's located in Town Square, which I love. Sadly, the service is consistently mediocre, but it's a price I'm willing to pay for great sushi!
4	This restaurant features a modern, pleasing decor, impressive cleanness, and good food. The sushi prices are the norm, have no idea why people are complaining about it.Rainbow Roll had fresh sashimi. The Pork Katsu & BBQ Ribs were also tasty.
5	happy hour:Lotus on Fire RollSesame ChickenMozzarellaYES.
5	Kabuki never disappoints. Brought my best friends here many times. The food and ambience are great! Also tried their happy hours, and they have very reasonable prices. The staff are great and accommodating. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who loves Japanese food and drinks. The restaurant is also located in Town Square, which is a decent place - all the more good reason to eat til you're full and fancy a nice stroll afterwards with your friends, family, or significant other. Kabuki will work for casual, semi-formal, and formal dates.
2	Maybe I'm just weird, but I like good sushi.  This place is okay...but seriously, it's overpriced compared to other places where you can have GOOD QUALITY sushi in Las Vegas/Henderson.  I think they jacked up the prices because it's in Town Square.  Town Square my ass, I mean it's only Old Navy a few doors down...not Tiffany's.  Oh but Yogurtland is next door, so you can treat yourself to that and make yourself feel better for paying for overpriced fish.
4	Great happy hour and reverse happy hour! The portion sizes are great and the signature dishes are fantastic!! The Lotus Roll (not on fire) is to die for. Even the kids meals are large and very well priced.Nice open atmosphere and great service. Pricing is comparable to other sushi places, but cuts are above average!
3	Was in the mood for something not too heavy since the heat in Vegas can be suffocating. Had the Lychee Lime Saketini (see picture) which delivered a sweet lychee taste followed by a vodka kick..really good.The meal:-Geisha Roll: 3 stars, fresh fish and nice sauce-Kabuki Roll: 3.5 stars, liked the combo of fish-Lotus Roll: 3 stars, another refreshing rollService want top notch but otherwise it was just an average dining experience.
4	I've gone here on a date with my bf on 4 separate occasions, one of them being our very first date. Kabuki is a place we go to more for the ambiance than the food really. I mean the food is good, but not great. This place provides more of a romantic setting than great food and service.My favorite things to eat here are the garlic edemame, tempura ice cream, and salmon terriyaki entree.All in all I'd say 4.5 stars for the ambiance and 3 stars for the food.
1	Im a sushi fanactic. Tonight was the first time i ate here. This sushi restaurant didnt seem to suprise me. The service was sad. The girl had ignore me and walked away  when i went up to the register and try to pay. The food doesnt taste like how they appear. The salad is full of watered down veggies. The sushi is rolled loosely so it would look big. Not one of the best but is the worst. Never again will i come here for dinner. Yama sushi on maryland prky and flamingo is good. Sushi Mon on Sahara is awesome. Ra at the fashion show mall is also delicious!!! :)
4	So the first time that I ate here, around the time that they opened, had I done a review then, I would've given this place a whopping 1, if I was feeling nice that day, 2-Stars... But on my recent visit, during Happy Hour, I'm going to give it a blazing 4-Stars. Ok, I agree with everyone, the quality of the sushi is not high grade, but it's not gawd-awful. It did it's job for Happy Hour and I think that would be the ONLY time that I'd come here. Although they limit as to what is on their HH menu, there is a pretty nice selection and I was pretty happy with what I had. I had about 4 or 5 (?) Lychee drinks (alcoholic beverages that I can't remember for the life of me what they call them) and about 2-3 spicy tunas @ $2.50 or $3 each,... Man, I should try to stay sober so I can write these reviews accurately! Wth... Anyway, this is a great place for HH if you're looking to get some kinda sushi fix. As far as their full priced menu, ahhh, I wouldn't. Unfortunately, I'd say steer clear for that... Just come for happy hour.
4	My boyfriend, a friend and myself checked out Kabuki's happy hour on a Friday afternoon. It was surprisingly... dead. I think there was one other table. It got a little bit more busy later but still surprisingly slow for a Friday, I thought.Their saketinis are sooo yummy. First, I got the creamy peach and that was very tasty.. sweet but not too strong. My second drink was the Fuji Apple saketini and that was.. kind of strong and it didn't taste like Fuji apples.. my friend said they put apple puckers in there.. that was all I could taste pretty much. I tried my friend's mango chu-hi (a sochu drink) and it was good.. kind of weak, but she said there is mango puree in there. yum!For appetizers:-Spicy Tuna Salad ($4.95 HH) Spicy tuna on top of spring lettuce, shredded cucumber and radish sprouts. Good stuff, but I just don't like the ground up spicy tuna.. I like them in chunks!-Sesame Chicken ($4.95 HH) -Salmon nigiri ($2.50 HH) -Vegad Roll ($5.95 HH)-Agedashi Tofu ($3.95 HH) They still have reverse happy hour, I think starting at 9pm. It used to buy select items and regular price and get the second item (in the same category) for a $1 but I think they did away with this. Overall, their food and happy hour is good. I'd say regular price, they are kind of high. But that could be due to being located in a popular shopping center.. but who knows. Will be back :)
2	Now I'm no Daniel LaRusso with a chopstick, but I have never had so many pieces of sushi crumble when I tried to eat them.  I have only been too a handful of sushi places, but his has to be my least favorite of them all.  Maybe it's because someone decided to order for the whole table and I wasn't able to get what I wanted or the fact that everything that came seemed thrown together what ever it was I didn't have a good experience here.
5	We came here on our vacation to Vegas, and I was very impressed with the decor and the ambiance of the restaurant. If I were to own my own japanese restaurant (which I will someday), it would totally look like this place.I love how they had an assortment of different Japanese cuisine, most places just specialize in either just sushi, ramen, teriyaki, etc. But this place had everything. I can't remember the name of the sushi, but it had lobster in it, it was sooooooo good!!! That was the first time I had seen lobster in sushi and I thought it was amazing!! Its located in town square so you have plenty of shops restaurants and a theater to go to when you're done. A great date place I might say. The ramen was good too, but I dont rather lean towards Tonkatsu, but my boyfriend loved it. Great customer service as well. Looks like they employ students from the area. This is now our favorite sushi spot in Vegas and will make it a point to come here whenever we come back.
4	I came here today for lunch for the first time.  It's a real nice environment. The black decor was cool.  When you first walk in the "21 and over only" section is to your right, where the bar is located. The hostess was very nice. I got the "Baja Roll" which is a generous serving.. it's a heaping mound of tomato salsa with shredded crab meat on top of a spicy crab roll ($6.95).  And I had the "Ninja Deluxe" which is strips of Teriyaki Chicken on a bed of lettuce, a bowl of white rice, a side of Tempura vegetables, a bowl of soup that I didnt like..lol, and 3 California roll pieces ($9.95).  I also had a bottle of "Tea Zazz" which is cold sparkling wasabi green tea with several different flavors.. I got the ginger mint flavor ($2.95).  The waitress was nice and attentive.. not anything exceptional but she was still very courteous.  I will definitely be coming back here.
4	My experience here was reverse happy hour on Sunday(8-10pm). We ordered gold rush roll(California deep fried w/eel sauce), rose roll(tempura shrimp, avocado, spicy tuna), baked mussels, tempura veggies(sweet potato-not yam, carrot, zucchini, green beans, and 1 shrimp), crab salad( mixed greens, cucumber, gobo-Japanese carrot, avocado, HUGE scoop of crab mix). Sapporo draft beer(12oz), tuna poke(NOT on happy hour) was decent, big chunks tuna, avocado, and seaweed.  Everything was pretty good and fresh, nothing totally amazing though. Because we only ordered off the happy hour menu, we didn't have the chance to try the regular menu. However, for what we had ordered it was good, and priced decently for happy hour.  Our server Kira was the nicest server, i tried to see if there were a Yelp discount but he never heard of it but did try to give us mall discount. I would come back for Happy Hour. See photos i posted of items listed.
5	Wow! We have a winner!! This place is tied with my fav Yama. It was amazing! Came here on a Saturday night with 9 ladies. It was a 30 min wait..no biggie. We were able to catch up while we waited. So we get seated and order. There were so many things going around the table it was crazy. But my 2 favs were the scallop roll and they had the most amazing LOBSTER roll..yes I said lobster! I died and gone to heaven. It just melts in your mouth. I also had the prettiest drink @ the table called a Blue Moon..its not the beer but a tropical blue drink loaded with booze. It had so much fruit hangin on it..really nice presentation. Felt like I was back on Hawaii..LOLThe service was spot on..they never let the glasses get empty. Since our group was so large they add 18% tip to the bill which was about 240. Not bad seeing as we all had drinks and PLENTY of food. I can't wait to come back here again!
2	Sunny Sunday afternoon.  You know what that means.  Time for a family outing.  We ended up at Town Square and unfortunately there just aren't too many quality restaurants there.  The restaurant was pretty empty and we were seated right away.  I ordered a salmon teriyaki lunch combo and hubby got the miso ramen.  Bleh.  Bland.  From the salmon to the tempura, nothing stood out.  It was kind of...tasteless.  Hubby's ramen was super salty.  What we had did not inspire me to try their sushi or really anything else.  And service?  Lackluster.  Despite the emptiness of the restaurant, she wasn't around much and you had to really flag her down if you wanted something.  Not worth it.
3	Descent food, fast service.
5	I love Kabuki sushi! it's one of my favorite sushi restaurants and definitely top in Vegas beside Nobu. Nobu is on it's own level though so yes, top sushi restaurant in Vegas is Kabuki! My gfs and I always have dinner once here every time we make a trip out to LV. The cocktails are amazing and so are the sake! They have an amazing variety of choices between the cocktails, sake and food. The vegas roll is pretty good here and so are all the other specialty rolls. Great service as well!
4	Their happy hour is their strongest selling point here, and I wish it was longer (both in time AND with variety!) For the items they do have on happy hour are excellent and filling, but would also like to see a couple more options sushi wise added.Service is lively and friendly, though there was one server we had not too long ago who was aloof and not open to passing conversation, but besides from that guy everything was great!The only con I would say is their happy hour drink menu; all three times we've went there to order drinks off the menu, they either made them too sweet or prepared the wrong one. Servers don't seem very familiarized with drinks in their restaurant, that could be something they should work on. I love to go there for the happy hour only, it's a great deal and you get stuffed for the amount you get. However, I wouldn't eat there if happy hour isn't going on. Everything else on the menu is otherwise overly priced for being a sushi bar on the strip. :)
3	Loved it the first time. Cozy ambiance, prompt service, great food...but inconsistent...The Mediterranean Sea Bass is divine! Started with the sides served with the dish. I have never tasted such delightful corn kernels & asparagus, that makes my tastebuds dance in ecstasy! I wish I wrote this review much a week earlier when all was still fresh in my memory. The sea bass was cooked to perfection, full of flavor & the tomato salsa mix truly makes this dish intoxicating!Now here's where I go off the beaten path, which makes me hesitant to award 4stars. The Lotus on Fire roll was inconsistent...Returned a week later for a light meal, which consisted of the Lotus on Fire roll. It lack the rich flavor it had the first time it touched my palate. The rice was more prominent this round, the sauce was disappointingly bland, the only thing I could taste & in succession was rice, then the heat of the jalapeno pepper. I frequent TS every weekend, I hope to rectify this review with a third visit.
5	Love this place! Can't believe it's only 3 1/2 stars.Favorite dishes:- Salmon Nigiri- Philadelphia roll- Baked mussels- Lotus on Fire- Hamachi Kama
3	The food was tasty, nothing fancy, just plain 'ol good Japanese food.The service however, was not quite as spectacular. We were having lunch on a Thursday and there weren't very many patrons in the restaurant.In addition, the server took it upon herself to add extra tip to my credit card receipt. I have a huge issue with this and they have yet to address it. Although it was a small amount, it is the principle.Overall, decent food, poor service, and pay in cash.
4	Very good food. Wish the atmosphere and wait staff were more authentic, but the food? WOW! Very good and the sushi was exceptionally fresh. Worth the trip.
4	We went here for happy hour...They have a decent beer selection.  I'm pretty sure you can only get hot sake.  We had a california roll, shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna app off of the happy hour menu.  Both rolls were really fresh and tasty.  I can't remember the exact name of the spicy tuna app...It tasted good but kind of difficult to eat with the egg roll crisps it comes with.I had the creamy peach saketini....I would highly recommend it!  Very smooth and delicious.  One of those "dangerously good" drinks!  My husband had the sangria and didn't care for it.We sat in the bar in the booths.  The bartender is also the waitress for the entire bar.  She was helpful and checked on us pretty frequently.We've been there a couple times now and have always enjoyed ourselves.  It's a nice place to have dinner if you're planning on going to other places in Town Square.
5	Love this place for happy hour.  We usually sit at the bar area and our bartender Carlos is so attentive and wonderful.  The happy hour salmon is incredibly delicious, by far one of the my favorite sushi place in Las Vegas.  Be sure to try the spicy tuna salad; it's so yummy.  Its covered on a bed of mixed salad with shredded cucumbers and let me tell you, the tuna just melts in your mouth.  If you're still hungry also try the sea bass dish with brown rice, delicious.
4	Nice location if you're ever craving sushi in the middle of shopping in Town Square.  Happy hours are from 4-6pm and on weekdays.  Great selection of sushi and of course, that its a must everytime I go to a japanese restaurant that I order a screaming orgasm.  Its a place where you can bring a date, family or just chill at the bar.  The interior design kinda suits all that.  The bartenders are very friendly and you can tell there are a lot of the same people that come to the bar because they all seem to know each other.Fire lotus is my favorite sushi on the menu but everything things else is just ok.  4 stars for the ambience, and friendly service.  Save money by just going during happy hours to see if you like their sushi, because its a hit or miss with some of my friends.
4	It's all too often u go into a Sushi place and it's owned by Korean, Chinese, or other Asian.  I find it encouraging when my wait staff is Japanese which seem to add some authenticity....  The service is very prompt and friendly.  The food is good with a little bit of modernized flare.  Small portions and fair priced.  A good pit stop place for the mall.
4	There are soooo many sushi restaurants here in Vegas and I usually go to a spot that is recommended by friends and family. This  place was recommended by my friend's colleague. Located in a prime location --Towne Square, this is the perfect place to end a day of shopping. While no shopping was involved on this particular day, my husband and I thought we would venture into Towne Square and see if we could get a table at Kabuki's. We only had to wait 15 minutes (on a Friday night) and while waiting, enjoyed a few drinks in the bar area. To my delight, they had Hamachi Kama which is the cheek of the fish both tasty and grilled just right. We also  ordered a half dozen of the Hamahama oysters, gyoza, several pairs of ahi, salmon, ikura (salmon roe), ama ebi, and a quail egg shooter ( a a raw quail egg in ponzu sauce). Everything tasted very fresh. I normally don't order any rolls as I just enjoy nigiri or sashimi, however there was one roll that caught my eye: the Geisha roll. Unfortunately, I had no room to add to my tummy so that will have to wait for my next visit which will happen very soon. Service was great, food was wonderful and atmosphere was nice, not too bright and not too dark. I am giving 4 stars as I have still not found a better sushi restaurant than Shiro's in Seattle. While the fish was fresh here at Kabuki's, it still did not have the melt-in-your-mouth experience as Shiro's. However, Kabuki's is at the top of my list here in Vegas for sushi. I will be back for happy hour and that Geisha roll!
4	Went to Kabuki last night on a date. My first time trying sushi.Now let me state... I consider myself to be fairly open-minded about food, and willing to try new dishes. I'd always avoided sushi because 1) I was worried that I would be repulsed by the texture and 2) sushi is such a broad dish that it can be very intimidating to order. I learned new lessons last night.I ordered the cha-siu Ramen. It was cold and windy outside, so noodles and broth sounded perfect. My date ordered the spicy tuna roll, a screaming orgasm with fresh wasabi, and the geisha roll. I have nothing to compare it to, obviously, but everything was delicious, particularly the screaming orgasm. It is an appropriately named dish. Everything tasted very fresh, and the flavors all complemented each other harmoniously. The ramen was really good as well... the pork was a touch overcooked, at least for me, but the broth was warm and spicy, with perfectly cooked noodles.The service was spot on and the ambiance was inviting and comfortable. I look forward to trying new dishes next time.
2	I was really disappointed with Kabuki, their appetizer dishes and rolls were not what I thought they would be, and not only that, I found a hair in one of my rolls! Needless to say, I sent back the rolls, and asked for the cheque. I did not want to make a fuss so I paid for what we ate, minus the rolls and left. Will not be returning, as even without the hair incident, the place wasnt a standout.
2	Maybe I'm spoiled by the quality of Japan's fish when I studied aboard there, but Kabuki's sushi quality is ok when compared to Japan or even any other sushi restaurant in America. I ordered Taro and it did NOT taste fresh and it tasted as if it were defrosted by a microwave. YUCK. I was disappointed in the rolls I purchased; they were rolled too loosely and fell apart! :( Too expensive for the quality you get. Happy hour is cool. The cocktails aren't anything special....(tastes as if they're made with the cheapest sake/soju, bottom shelf liquor...)Oh yeah, and their soups...well the broth tastes as if it's been premade by some mix rather than by fresh meats. It's nothing better than top-ramen. Lastly, I must say, their wait staff mainly consists of the typical non-japanese asians for an Americanize Japanese restaurant....I believe there is 1 or 2 people that were of Japanese decent. The manager(s) is/are Korean. So, this place falls short of authenticity. At least they tried!
2	Came here just after 9 for the reverse happy hour. The moment we were seated they told us it was last call for sushi..so we were a bit rushed. The rolls were very tasty but some were very loose. I guess the chef was in a hurry to go home?We were the last table in the place when they started with the whole..lets put chairs on tables. They even did that next to us which I thought was a bit much. So we rushed through our food and got outta there since they did not want us to linger.It was weird since I have been here before at that time and they never acted this way. I normally love this place.
2	So hubby and I love sushi, and we decided to try this spot because we live very close to Town Square and one day while shopping there I noticed that after 9PM all of their sushi goes to happy hour.  I came back later that night with hubby and we gave it a shot.  All I can say is I'm glad that we didn't pay full price or I would have been pissed.  The "happy hour" sushi and rolls seemed old, like they were trying to get rid of them before they went bad, and EVERYTHING was loaded with green onions on the top.  I like onion, but not on top of my sushi.  Take my advice, if you want good sushi, find a hole in the wall joint, not this fancy looking spot just because of their stellar location.
4	Came here for their happy hour on a Monday to save me some money all the while enjoy some Japanese food.AMBIANCE:The place wasn't crowded at all and the only spots with other hungry people where the booths and sushi bar. My boyfriend and I took a booth as well. Really like that it wasn't crowded as it usually is.FOOD:I ordered their fried calamari & spicy tuna roll. The boyfriend ordered a Vegas roll and a gold rush? I forgot, correct me if I'm wrong on that last one. Fried calamari-Cooked just right, squid wasn't chewy or tough, but I would've wanted more lemon as I do like adding lemon juice to anything fried.The yellow tangy sauce was more to my liking than the sweet brown sauce but still good.Spicy tuna roll-the sesame seeds balanced the taste for me but I couldn't really taste the tuna, I tasted a lot of the spicinessGold rush?-Personally I'm not a fan of fried sushi, but I gave it a try! This roll was oddly sweet, it wasn't to my liking however. Crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside. Vegas roll-Actually kinda had the same taste as the Gold rush?, but minus the sweet flavorSERVICE:The guy who served us was like a ninja! He'd be there asking us what we wanted to drink, next thing you know he's disappeared and five minutes later he'd be back with our drinks! Then he reappeared and took our orders. Service was quick only took about 10mins for all our orders to get to our table. yay! But once it came to refills and the check, our ninja server was nowhere to be found.To sum it up this is a great place to eat and enjoy yourself. I recommend to come here during their happy hour if you want to save some cash and get some sushi.
1	People give stars on yelp way to easy.  Kabuki is what i find wrong with almost all "mall style" restaurants.  All decor no substance.We have been here a few time over the year and this was our last.  I was hoping it would get better since opening but i feel it is going south.We sat at the sushi bar.  Drinks arrived with complimentary chilled edamame.  Not my favorite so we ordered Garlic edamame and baked mussels.  The edamame was oily and overly cooked. the baked mussels were bland at best.  We also had a spicy tuna roll and stopped there.  The tuna looked washed out, (super light pink in color).  It didn't really taste like anything??Aside from the mediocre food is the sushi bar set up.  We sat near the center of the bar.  The sushi chefs put the menu items on the counter in front of them and the servers from the restaurant lean over the customers (ME) to pick up their order.  If I wanted to sit at the service bar I would have. I do not know why they can not have the waiters use the far end of the bar to pick up but i found it so annoying I almost stood up the last time to make a point. My wife and I felt in the way, so we promptly paid and left.SO many better sushi places
4	I eat too much Japanese food don't I?So Kabuki is a place that's a little bit on the fancy side of Japanese dining. I would even go as far as to say that it might be a little Americanized and more focused on how westerners like their Japanese cuisine.It's not a bad thing, I just wouldn't consider it authentic Japanese by my own standards. That, however, is up to you to judge.. am i right?The food is great! It may not be on par with some of the more authentic Japanese places that I've been to but it is definitely worth trying. I honestly have not tried anything on the menu that wasn't sushi so this review might be a little useless for those of you looking to find information on their entrees and such.However, if you're curious about their sushi then I can tell you that it is indeed something worth coming to Kabuki for.They are pretty creative and they've got some rolls that I haven't seen offered at other sushi places such as their 2 in 1 sushi roll, the Rose roll which pretty much takes a spicy tuna roll and a shrimp tempura roll and mushes it together to form one amazingly delicious roll that happens to be my favorite :) I've also seen something called the Baja Roll where they take pico de gallo and put shredded pieces of crab in it and take that and top off a spicy krab roll with it. Damn was it good.If you're not rollin' in dough, then I suggest coming here during happy hour or reverse happy hour because most of the specialty rolls are about half off and they have a lot of good drinks for cheap too.For tourists, Kabuki is located inside of a mall called Town Square which is at the end of the strip. I assume that most tourists stop by this mall sometime during their trip anyway so if you're ever at Town Square craving Japanese food, Kabuki is the spot.
4	I've been to this place MANY times in the past, especially since I worked at Town Square. I've done many take-outs for breaks and I've dined in many times as well.The food is average, but I always get spicy tuna rolls. I really like them :). I'm used to the spicy tuna rolls here, too. They're a bit on the fancy side and stuff and they've also got tempura ice cream for the ones who like it. It's not my kind of thing.You'll be greeted upon entry and all will shout out a welcome when you're being seated. They've got happy hour for good specials (3-6pm Mon-Fri).Sign up for their Kabuki Mask Club to gain points every time you eat here AND you'll get a birthday $15 off card (not valid during the happy hours) during your birthday month. Service is good, average, nothing spectacular.If you really want some good sushi, this wouldn't be the place for you. Go to an AYCE place. They've got a whole bunch of other menu items that aren't sushi so you can feel free to try those. It's a decent place to eat at if you're at Town Square and don't wanna leave TS. For me, I probably wouldn't come here other than the happy hour times.Photos will be uploaded!
4	Love the environment. And yep the spicy tuna roll rocks.
4	windows face out to town square so certain tables are great fun people watching
4	I'm usually a regular at the Cerritos, CA location, but this locations beats out the CA location because they have REVERSE happy hour!I've never been disappointed in any of the items I've ordered. Next time, try asking for a side of spicy ponzu sauce. The sushi tastes better with this than the soy sauce, in my opinion.
5	Thanks to the the entertainment book guide, we got this place for our first night in Vegas.  Food was great  and service was sweet.
4	One of the best things about this place is its location, as it is cleverly placed on one of the most heavily transited areas at Town Square. The food is also delicious. My favorite is the Lotus on Fire Roll, and if you are lucky, you will have it made by a good sushi chef (there are times that other, less qualified chefs try to roll sushi, and the results are unimpressive). The combination of spicy tuna, the fried lotus, jalapeno, and fresh-tasting california roll ingredients are delicious. Just the right amount of crunch and spiciness. If you are really into spicy tuny, you can also try the Fire Cracker as an appetizer, which is annoyingly addictive. Also, the spicy tuna on crispy rice is quite tasty. Also try the yellowtail sashimi in ponzu sauce. It is light and delicious. The bottomless iced green tea is quite refreshing during the scorching summer days in this town. Dessert is okay (the tempura banana is the best out of their selection).
4	Sukiyaki is awesome!  I am in love with the sukiyaki soup, and I order it almost everytime I come here.  My husband likes their sushi, especially the spicy tuna.  The service here is either really awesome or really bad, depending on who's section you get assigned to.  It's always good to order everything you think you'll want right away in case you get someone who doesn't check back with your table.  I like how the sushi is artfully placed on the plate- very cool.  If we're in town square, we're most likely eating here!
5	I LOVE SUSHI. Kabuki has great sushi and great drinks..sometimes it can get kinda pricey so i don't go all the time, but i absolutely love the place :)
2	My review is semi biased because we received HORRIBLE service.  So we were here on Father's day and they had a sign outside that said they had 1/2  off sushi during happy hour.  We arrived about an hour before HH started, so we decided "hey lets wait an hour to get 1/2 off!"  An hour passes and we stroll in and ask about their happy hour and they told us that there isn't a happy hour today because apparently Father's day is a national holiday and there is NO happy hour on national holidays!  Geez thanks for advertising it with a huge freakin sign outside....We still decide to eat here because we're starving by now and ordered some food.  We got the ribs and some yakisoba.  The ribs were pretty tasty, but kinda chewy and fatty.  The yakisoba was wayyy too salty for me.We noticed our ribs didn't come with rice so we asked them where it was.  The waiter told us that we didn't order the meal when clearly we did because he gave us soup and salad before...  We told him this and he still refused to give us rice unless we paid extra....Just a mixture of the false advertisement and charging us for rice ruined my meal just a tad.  The food was ookay, but not memorable.  Probably not coming back here for a while.
4	This is a review for the bar area and their happy hour drinks only. The bartender was extremely nice and friendly. We spent quite some time here sipping on sake sangria, which was rather delicious. We also had a bottle of sake that was on special. While I didn't have any of their food, the drinks and service impressed me enough that I will back for some other samplings.
1	Poor poor service!!! I came in early lunch and there were 2 customers and 2 waiters. Although the sushi chefs greet you, no one came to my table to offer me a drink. I was sitting there for almost 10 minutes and the waiters each passed me by 3 times like I was invisible. It wasn't even busy. I went over to Tommy Bahamas around the corner and they were more attentive and welcoming. Gosh customer service makes such a huge difference. The workers at kabuki looked miserable to be there and the energy was wack! I used to go here for happy hour but I guess they're only happy during happy hours.
3	I'm a big fan of the Kabuki but this place was just A-ok. Their sushi just seemed a bit off and they just didn't seem to come out as pretty. They do have a reverse happy hour, but no sushi like Salmon on this menu(sadness). Overall, if you do crave for sushi and sushi only, then this isn't a bad choice.
4	Great location!Nice interior and exterior decorations.Reverse Happy Hour.That pretty much covers the major highlights of Kabuki Japanese restaurant. The food served is okay to good, price is average, service is prompt and pleasant.  And even for weekday lunches, the place is still pretty busy (the restaurant has roughly 50% of their tables occupied). The fact that it is located conveniently near the Rave Motion Pictures, a plethora of shopping and other restaurants and bars undoubtedly contributed to the ongoing success of this national restaurant outpost.If you are in the vicinity of Town Square and in the mood for some Japanese food before resuming your hunt for that perfect little black dress or that movie to start, I would totally recommend Kabuki.  Especially from 3-6pm on Monday to Friday (their regular happy hour), or their lunch hour (11am to 4pm daily).Kabuki is also a great place to grab a bite before spending the rest of the evening getting your beer goggles on.  The reverse HH from 9pm until close (Monday-Thursday) and 8pm until close on Sundays makes Kabuki a happy place to start the evening.The B.B.Q. Beef Ribs (Kalbi) is excellent here. Even though the portion is not particularly generous, the flavor and how it is grilled perfectly makes up for that.Many of the sauces that accompanies the appetizers and entrees are tasty and compliments the overall dish.  The only item I would avoid is the tempura, as it looks like it was overfried and on the greasy side.Location:  5/5 Love it!  If you regularly hang out in the southern portion of Las Vegas, this will be a convenient location for you.  It is not too far from Mandalay Bay, so if you are visiting Las Vegas and on that end of the Strip, it will not be too far to travel via a cab.Service:  4/5  Prompt service, friendly staff.Ambiance:  4/5  The bar area looks nice, the rest of the restaurant has a coherent theme to the design and decor.Price:  3/5  Average for non-AYCE Japanese restaurants.Food:  3.5/5  Tasty, but otherwise average for Japanese restaurants.
2	Featured happy hour menu is nothing to get excited about.  Hoped for better choices at HH prices, but whaddaya gonna do?  Monkey opted for $5 TOFU SALAD, $11 HAMACHI SAKE SUSHI BOX and $2 SAPPORO Draft.  The sushi box was attractive, but more rice than anything.  Service was quick, friendly and patient.
2	We stopped here on the way to the airport and it was pretty lame!  It was HH without a bartender - WTF? Our server was slow as a snail and got yelled at by the manager.  Also, he forgot our drinks.  And our sushi sat at the bar foreeevvverrrr before he picked it up.Our rolls had too much sauce on it and weren't cut all the way through.  UGH.
5	Great location,Best meal in whole Las Vegas, we came here during happy hour and got a nice price reduction. Definitely a recommendation for people who like Sushi and Japanese, it's really tasty and one of the better sushi's I had so far.Should go over!
4	Kabuki is one of my favorite places because it reminds me of home. I lived walking distance from one in LA and always found myself there. When I first moved to Vegas this one was being built and it just made me so happy. It is a beautiful location. I recommend you join their frequent goer program, you get coupons through out the year to try new things, emails about contests and menu changes, and my personal favorite $15.00 gift card for your birthday you can use any day the month of your bday. I hate when you get coupons for places you can only use on your day, you cant do everything and eat everything in one day! When you get in there grab some garlic edamame. Its awesome and then go to town on those rolls. They are all awesome, there is nothing here I've tried and not liked. As far as the service goes, its nothing to brag about so I recommend you sit directly at the sushi bar.
2	Sushi was average.  You can ask for real crab if you want to spend the extra $4, which we did.  Sushi wasn't cut all the way through so we made a mess trying to seperate them.  Drinks were good, service on the patio is a bit slow.  They will forget about you at times so if you're thirsty order two drinks instead of one.
3	Kabuki is very traditional to Japanese Culinary. From the service to the plate sitting in front of you. As far as food quality. Food comes out fast and is cooked to your expectations. Although I do recommend double checking your order with your server because I've noticed they tend to try to mesmerize your order instead of writing it down. Overall this restaurant is a nice place to stop by.
3	Second time visiting Kabuki, I went there for dinner and I think its my last time at this place.  Went by myself and sat at the bar to watch a baseball game. First, the bartender took at least 8-10 minutes to acknowledge me.  (He was busy chatting it up with two ladies seating at the bar.)Second, I asked him,... I do not like any mayo and anything with cream, but I would like a sushi roll that has spicy tuna.  He could not recommend any sushi roll with my requirements.Anyway, I ended up getting a chicken teriyaki bento box.Nothing special.3 stars
4	Lived in Japan for 8 years; Kabuki was one of the few Japanese restaurants that came close to the "real thing". Good stuff.
5	Awesome Sushi place for dinner! Nicely decorated. You can dress up or down for this restaurant. The atmosphere is welcoming yet professional and chic. I recommend going during Happy Hour Sunday-Thursday. Their portions and quality of sushi are still the same as regular hours but for a cheaper price. Ask for a Sake Sangria. It's delicious! I've sat at the sushi bar and a dinner table during the 3 times I've gone and I have had excellent service by the servers, manager, and sushi chefs all 3 times. Each were constantly attentive to anything I needed and made sure my plates were cleared promptly. The manager each time approached my table, asked about my experience and if I needed anything.They were quick to address anything I needed. It definitely shows that they care about their clientele. I even joined their free membership program where you can add points for discounts and free meals because I enjoyed the quality of food and service so much. I've never sat at the bar, but I have seen people there during the late hours. You should definitely check this place out if you're at Town Square. Happy eating!
4	The rolls were delicious.
4	One of my favorite places to go to in TS, mainly during happy hour. I don't really drink though.. Just go here to get my sushi fix! Loooove the mussels and Vegas roll!If you are going with a group you might wanna try their boat.. it's a little bit of everything!
4	I've been going here for my Japanese fix for two years now and I haven't been disappointed once. I love being a Red Mask Club member that does reward well throughout the year. I am very fond of the lunch/dinner combinations, especially the teriyaki chicken or beef ribs (which are so incredibly tender). The price is right and the service is always fast and friendly. Sushi and cocktails are also fabulous. This is a place where I can enjoy the food and ambience with a large group or by myself. One of my favorites in Las Vegas.
1	I really loved the GOBO!  Just kidding!  Gobo is not Carrots!  I guess im picky with Japanese food and still looking for the magic spot in LV.
4	I had some sushi and salad was better than I thought. It's an american Japanese dining (served soup was first and some other reasons) but very good food and nice interior. All servers were nice/friendly. I didn't know they have soba and ramen.I will go tomorrow again for sure!!
5	Awesome service, awesome Sushi! I thoroughly enjoyed it!
5	Sushi is not something I do often, because of the price, but I happened to be at Town Square to enjoy a lunch break with my hubby and we decided to stop here!Our bill actually wasn't bad-we were served for free an appetizer of edamame (sat at the sushi bar), and they took our drink order right away. I ordered a spider roll, rainbow roll, and miso soup and left stuffed.Quality of all was AMAZING!Just sad I wasn't there for happy hour. I would like to try other things like the sake selection and if they have it, green tea ice cream...and of course other sushi!Best place I've been to so far.
4	Great quality of fish and the prices are super reasonable
3	Honestly, I'd give this joint three and a half stars, for the atmosphere. This place is very social, since it's the only sushi place in town square. Of you Ste going there for the sushi itself, I would try for another place further away from the strip. I got the different recommend rolls, and some yellowtail, and was satisfied, but unimpressed. For a good hangout, come here. For good sushi, not as much.
4	Went during happy hour. So the bill for 2 soups, gyoza, a nd 3 diff types of rolls was 40$. Not bad at all. Gyoza was good.had a diff sauce to it, but filling was with beef and veggies. The pyramid roll which had avocado, krab and raw tuna was also good except the sauce wasnt so ok. Tasted better with the soy sauce mixed with wasabi that i dipped it in. We also had the shrimp tempura roll. Didnt have any of that cuz im allergic. The highlight was the alaskan roll. A california roll with smoked salmon on top. Really good stuff.
4	Sushi was great. My son and I sat at the sushi bar. Sushi chefs were really friendly.I ordered the chicken and steak lunch special and my son ordered two sushi rolls..which he devoured in no time. I would highly recommend this place!
1	This has got to be the worst service we've had, well, since Seafood Harbor Palace on Spring Mountain. This service was so horrible, that I have been so inclined to write my review mid-dining! Seriously, it will take me about 5 - 10 minutes to review this place, the same length of time it took for the server to acknowledge us, then handle 3 other tables that were closing checks, then finally arrive back at our table to take our order. No apologies. That's the stickler...service anywhere should come with manners.And that was what first alerted me to wanting to review this place. The hostess was the first person we encountered with the lack of mannerism that comes with service. I think it pains her to smile. The poor woman could not even muster up a grin, and a courteous welcome, or even an apology for the wait.The scene went something like this:We walk in to an abandoned front counter, wait 2 minutes. Grimace, that's what we'll call her, shows herself and acknowledges us with: "How many?" (no greeting, no smile). Then she walks away to sit a previous guest. She then returns and asks us again, "Did you say for 4?" (no thank you for the wait, and did I mention NO SMILE?) Then finally, Grimace sits us. Oh yeah, and with her less than 10-word vocabulary, she doesn't bother to realize that we required kids' menus. Weird.In short, poor customer service here. We will not dine here again. The single star is for the food...it was okay, just okay. You will definitely find better Japanese cuisine elsewhere. People who don't belong in customer service should not be working in this kind of establishment. There are far more people on this earth willing to work on a busy, money-making New Year's Eve with a better attitude. If management can't figure that out, then oh well, they are down one paying patron. Sayonara.
4	This is one of the fancier Japanese restaurants I've been to.The sushi selection is pretty wide, but most of them consist of california rolls with stuff on top of the rolls (tuna, salmon, scallops, etc)I ordered the tempura california rolls, and the rolls were pretty huge!Sushi is pricey, but it was definitely worth it.The service was great, the waitress that seated us always walked by to make sure that we were okay with everything.
4	Kabuki Kabuki, I've been here once before when it first opened for happy hour but I haven't been back since. No good reason why I haven't been back, but we finally came back with a gift card (a very thoughtful wedding present since we are Japanese food lovers!). We sat at the sushi bar and it was busy for a cold winter Wednesday. Happy hour had just ended so we were seated right away. We started ordering right away and the timing of each roll/entree came out was perfect. I had ordered the tempura udon and it was pretty tasty with a good portion size. Overall, service was attentive, food was good and we will be back.
3	3.5 stars, potentially even a 4 if the service can improve. This place doesn't necessarily have the best sushi or traditional Japanese cuisine in Las Vegas, but it's pretty consistent with decent, enjoyable meals, moderate prices, and friendly staff. Most of the menu consists of average, typical Japanese food; however, I must give 5 stars to their Ramen.... they have 3 different kinds: the soy, spicy miso, and the char-sui... and all I can say is WOW. That is officially my meal nearly every time I go because other places in Vegas where it's claimed to have the "best" ramen in town (Monta or Anime Ramen), I personally believe are highly overrated!! The ramen in Kabuki in particular is fantastic, and I would prefer it over Monta or Anime's any day. I like to switch up the appetizers so that there's variety on the table, plus I can try something new every time. Their grilled calamari is yum! I tried some of my friend's seafood salad and it is a generous portion of fresh seafood variety. The people who work here are VERY nice, but they don't have much serving experience. It is easily seen that they don't know how to multi-task, and they always seem so flustered even when the restaurant isn't very busy. It may take a while for water to be refilled and it is rare for them to check on you during your meal more than once... Perhaps a full, thorough staff training is in order! The positive attitudes and hospitable traits in the staff are definitely there; they just need some pointers in service :)
4	If you're a spicy tuna fan... here's my pick 3:  The Spicy Tuna Salad, Sunkissed Roll and Spicy Tuna Tempura Roll.  I know it might be spicy tuna overload - but hey, if you're in spicy tuna mode... why not try my trio? :)(The location also happens to be conveniently located across from the H&M at Town Square, that's the .5 that pushed it to 4 stars - not exactly food relevant but hey, it's my review)
3	i think the main thing i enjoyed the most about the place was how the interior design n decor looked.The sushi was very nicely presented and the boat lunch special was HUGE.. feeds a whole family for sure, but the taste of everything was okay. Nothing bad, but not thing great that would blow me away.price: i dont really remember what i paid forlocation is in a shopping center not too far off the strip, so we did some quick walking around after.
5	Came back here with a few friends when we were in Vegas and they all enjoyed it. The sushi is fresh and the sashimi is nice thick cuts, not the thin wafer pieces that most places serve. It's a little away from the strip but the drive is not far at all.
2	Lobster dynamite is still my favorite.. That dish gets more stars ok! They have a happy hr mon-fri but the selections are just so so Watch your mouth if you order green tea.. It is always 300degrees never fails;)
4	Loved the ambience. The happy hour is worth it just on the chu-hi alone. Try the Aladdin Roll! The spicy tuna was the one flaw, due to it not being any different than other places I've been. A great after work or lunch spot.
4	Although its not all-can-eat like most of my favorite Japanese restaurants, I do love their original rolls. Gotta try the Lotus Roll, Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll and the Dynamite Roll. Bomb dot com. And you can't forget about the bar. You have to eat there, especially when Jeff is Bartending. He's awesome and always gives his customers great service. And I've become one of his many regulars. All in all, I'm a fan.
4	okay, food tasted average. i mean it didnt have that "WOW" factor. although, they have this KABUKI DELUXE : tempura chicken, grilled beef, salad, soup, shrimp tempura & vegetable tempura, and california rolls. All that for $13.00, pretty cheap huh? and on top of that.. between 3pm-5pm its happy hour ! so rolls and appetizers are like cut half off and beers and drinks are like $2 and up. so me and my boyfriend ended up staying for like 3 hours there . other than the food, SERVICE was great. never had an empty cup and always had the server on top of her game refilling our drinks. DEFINITELY would recommend this place .. with their deals and the service , got me coming back for lunch time again and again :D
2	First the pros: nice location, good ambiance, fresh fish, and excellent service. We were very well taken care of, and the waitstaff were very attentive. Now... that said, the cons? Well, for one, if a roll is too big to fit in my mouth, that's not a plus. It makes it messy to eat and it doesn't let me get a good blend of the flavors. It's bad etiquette and poor presentation. I don't fault the staff for that, as they're preparing to specifications and to the expectations of people who frequent from the strip - go big or go home.The rolls weren't very flavorful and used the same two sauces repeatedly. Can I get some eel or ponzu sauce? The gyoza were oddly dry. I'll take the 'chase down your waitress' service in Chinatown to get good, authentic sushi. Leave the huge piles of rice that can't fit my mouth for the tourists. And my friend who was with me said that her iced tea tasted like Mio... no good. I'd give it a pass. Not terrible for a quick bite, but if you want something authentic, take off your tophat and monocle and walk into an off-strip dive.
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch.... The first time I ate here I tried the seaweed salad... Delicious.. so I wanted to order it again... I had asked one of the wait staff if I could have the salmon lunch special but change out the regular salad for seaweed, he said ok... After being served the seaweed, and began eating it.. I was told I would have to pay full price that they could not subsitute it. $6  (tasted just as good as I remembered)With that being said, I now had to change my lunch, so I tried the Sunkissed roll.. Good choice,  and they used brown rice and put the sauce on the side. Along with an iced tea, it was a great meal... However with tax and tip it came out to $23, not what you would expect for 1 roll, cup size of salad and drink.
3	I got the salad with ginger dressing as a starter and it was awesome. I also got the spicy tuna and the Rose roll. They were both ok. The tuna didn't taste all that fresh. The service is pretty good. Hachi at Redrock is much better.
4	The sushi is great!  So many different rolls.  I usually get the hamachi box roll.  That's always my favorite.
4	ok, so it really depends on what you're looking for in a sushi bar. i love this place because for dinner i rarely eat rice but need clean vegetables, preferably a salad but not iceberg lettuce crap. kabuki has a few very good salads. i usually get the mizuna grapefruit salad. absolutely delicious! and i go for straight sashimi, no excessive rice rolls. their fish tastes fresh. one of the few places that has premium wasabi you can order, which is the real root chopped up, not the dried wasabi paste that you get free. they also have grilled asparagus! and a very decent drink menu. i usually order the lychee martini, very good!
4	I have two words for you: Lychee Mojito. The awesome drinks and the great deals make Kabuki one of my favorite default places for happy hour. Not an authentic Japanese sushi restaurant but I find many of their items pretty tasty. The Lotus on Fire and Hamachi Box are my go-to rolls. The food presentation is great and did I mention they have awesome happy hour specials?
1	Horrible service. Horrible food. Don't waste your time or money!
5	Love the service and the happy hour menu!!!! The sushi is absolutely delish.
3	Like most other reviewers, I think Kabuki is best during their happy hour. It's consistently decent Japanese food and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere to chill out in.The sushi is good. The prices are average.  The eel sauce is excellent though, I wish they would put it under every roll they offer. A big plus is how they always give you edamame with your meal.I'll definitely go back especially if I happen to be at Town Square having a beer at Yard House.
3	This place is great for happy hour. Drinks are nicely priced and happy hour food menu is pretty good. Normal menu prices are a bit over priced. The beer tower looks awesome. Want one in my Cubicle. Haha. Overall I say it's an ok place. If you're in the mall stop by for happy hour. If not I wouldn't recommend it.
5	Kabuki is one of my favorites. I like their spicy tuna and Aladdin roll. The lotus on fire roll is amazing! Love the happy hour menu. They also have great ramen for when its cold out.
2	In reality, this review should either be FOUR STARS or ONE.Let me explain....Over the last decade, restaurants have developed a new method of food delivery to the table.  I call this person the "Food Bringer".  This is the person you've never seen before who shows up 15 minutes after you've ordered from your waiter/waitress and puts your food in front of you.Good restaurants pull this stunt off seamlessly.  They have to!  When you send a complete stranger to a guests table with their food you had better have a system in place to ensure food arrives at the correct table and is placed in front of the correct person.Bad restaurants don't properly train the "Food Bringer".   The "Food Bringer" wanders out with trays of expensive Oriental food and just tosses it on the first table that looks hungry.This is what happened to us tonight... at this location.Side Note:  Our waitress, JULIE, was phenomenal.  Management: give her a raise as she's one of the reasons you didn't get a ONE star rating.The "Food Bringer" came out bearing heaping amounts of delicious entrees and placed them haphazardly in front of my family.  Being the hill folk we are, my clan was all over this bounty like a pack of wolves on a three-legged cat.Julie came rushing over and informed the "Food Bringer" of his mistake and he proceeded to load the food back onto the trays, turn 180 degrees to his right, and deliver the food to it's rightful owner.... the people sitting RIGHT next to us.I'm a little confused at this point.  What's going on?  We arrived first and this "looked" like our meal.  It wasn't.  A different "Food Bringer" showed up with our correct meal and we managed to help him locate each meal's rightful owner.One plate in the middle of the table stood out... It was a Tempura Shrimp and Veggie plate that should have gone next door but remained on our table and was being devoured by hungry children.One more note... my Autistic son managed to grab the croutons from the salad put briefly on our table just prior to it being moved next door.So, the couple next to us received a meal that was not only missing their Tempura order, but was sans two croutons from a now compromised salad.Let's move on.The tables are too small.  Period.  We ordered three entrees to share between four people.  There was NOT enough room for our food.  Plates were hanging precariously over the sides.  Also, in a nice restaurant, the tables should be adjusted daily to make sure they don't "wobble" back and forth.  Maybe that's what the chop-sticks are for?The food?  Pure Heaven!  That's why this SHOULD be a four star review.  Had it not been for small, wobbly tables and untrained "Food Bringers", that's exactly what this restaurant would have received.If I went back, I would not take my children (even though they liked the food) and stick to a twosome.  That would leave ample room on the table for the... FOOD!  Second, I would CHECK the table to make sure it's square with the floor. Tighten the screws Kabuki.  Your restaurant is beautiful and the food is fantastic.  Fix these issues and I'll amend this review.
3	Located in the southwest part of Town Square across H&M and a yogart shop you'll find Kabuki. They do have a pretty good Happy Hour Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm and Reverse Happy Hour Sundays 8PM to Closing, Monday-Thursday 9PM to Closing for a large menu of various food and drinks.You have options for dining here. You can put in a reservation for a table which depending on the time and day could be at least an hour wait.  You can take a seat at they sushi bar which I believe is first come first serve. Or when you come in occupy the bar area on the right which is also first come first serve, it is more relaxing and great for lounging with large groups we come with at least 10-15 people and we stayed there for hours.Service was pretty good for most of the night. Except for when they didn't bring me my food to me and later finding out they placed them on the table with the other half of the group where it got devoured.  They also were bad keeping track of who ordered what and billing the right person.  Kabuki is nicely decorated and food looked good. Loved the towers of beer as we ordered a bunch of them.  I did have a good time mostly because of the people I was with.  But I did  leave hungry please bring me my food I ordered nice time then I'll raise up the rating otherwise Kabuki is a between 3 and 4 star rating for me, more like 3.4.
3	Was going to be at Town Square last night to see the new LCD Soundsystem documentary (one word review inside a review:  AMAZING), and I'm not a huge fan of the Town Square dining options.   Kabuki has disappointed me in the past with what seemed to be generic plates of food synonymous with chain restaurants.   This was the perfect time for me to possibly experience a 2 star meal so that I could further expand my rating distributions which lean towards 3-5 star reviews.  PERFECT.We started by trying the Sake Sangria as we'd been recommended it by a friend who knows how much we like the Bachi Burger Sake Sangria.   It got brought out in a giant carafe with a lot of fruit mixed throughout.  So far so good.   Tastewise?  Not even close, Bachi Burger's version blows it out of the water.   It had a strong flavor within it that didn't sit well with it.  At first I thought it was possibly overpowered with sake but my dining companion suggested that they thought it was the lemon peel.   I'm going to lean towards that being the origin of the flavor because after polishing off this gigantic monstrosity of a carafe, neither of us had a buzz.   What a deal for $24!  Strike one, but on the plus side, the 2 star review was already writing itself!Things took a turn when the food started arriving, surprisingly enough to me.   First up was the garlic and sea salt edamame.   A bit overpriced at $5 I thought but the amount they provided as well as the deliciousness of it made it worth it.  The edamame was perfectly cooked and the sea salt and garlic mixed throughout was extremely tasty.  They also brought out an extra bowl of regular edamame, which they said was on the house.   Appreciated, but a little weird to me considering we'd ordered this giant plate of the other edamame.   None of the regular ones got eaten unfortunately.    Next up was the Niku Kushiyaki appetizer, a skewer of beef with shishito peppers.  I thought the meat was a tad overcooked but the flavors were nice, particularly when combined with the shishito and whatever sauce was on the plate with them.   A good choice for $6.  Yellowtail Carpaccio is a standard order for me at a sushi restaurant and this one didn't impress, but wasn't necessarily bad either.  My companion ordered the king crab miso soup which I tried a bit of and greatly enjoyed.  The crab was plentiful throughout and I thought it had a nice flavor that melded nicely with the standard miso.  Lastly I had the Sushi Omakase Special which had an assortment of nigiri with a California Roll and a bowl of regular miso soup.   I was quite impressed with the majority of the nigiri.   Most of the fish tasted fresh and were prepared well, and the california roll was... well, a california roll, but a good version nonetheless.  The only two downsides to the plate were the Krab nigiri, which tasted like the cheap imitation it is, and the eel, which is usually my favorite bite on a plate of Omakase, but this one didn't taste as tender as I'm used to, which I think was a sign it might not be as fresh.   All the other bites were great though and I cleaned my plate.So I'm a little indifferent on how I feel.  On the one hand, now I still only have a handful of 1 and 2 star reviews, but on the other hand, I had a really nice meal!   It'd be a 4 star review if the Sake Sangria wasn't so disappointing and also if I hadnt had the mediocre meals I've had here in the past.
4	On a Tuesday afternoon, I went during their happy hour and ordered the calamari, mussels, inari and a tokyo mojito.- good prices. happy hour is from 3-6pm. I've only been to the one in brea, ca. so very similar. - service is hasty. got our food in no time. no need to use the pencil. just order and theyll do it for you.- sucks that even though you have a party of 4, you still get the same amount of edamame. - virgin tokyo mojito???! i swear it tasted like nothing was inside :/We came back here again on a Monday night, during reverse happy hour and ordered Sapporo Mug 1.95Fire Cracker 5.95Krab Salad 5.95 Alaskan Roll 6.95BBQ Beef Ribs 14.95Anniversary Birthday Month deal -15 for $27- The Anniversary birthday deal paid for the BBQ Beef ribs which was amazing! I highly recommend it. - Reverse HH deals are not as good as HH, but bc the timing is late, it works out just fine. - When I am not in the mood for AYCE sushi, Kabuki is our go-to spot.
4	Loved this place and spent way too much money here. The best thing about Kabuki is the Happy Hour pricing. Selected items are 30% to 50% off. You'll get decent sushi for decent prices, considering you're in Vegas.As another reviewer noted, the tables seem to shrink rapidly. They will bring out a dish for everything you order and it gets crowded fast.
4	This place has a great vibe in the evening. Nice lighting and ambiance throughout.Usually when I come we hang out inside of the bar area. They have some reallyinteresting asian inspired drinks that are tasty and delicious. They have a nice variety of food from sushi to a few americanized asian favorites. i'll be back.. ! for sure!
4	We arrived and sat in the very small bar area.  It was over 10 minutes until the first contact.  We almost left because of the lack of service.  Once we were helped, the service improved considerably as we were regularly checked on.  Anyway, we were there for happy hour which was a great deal.  The food was good quality and great value.
4	The Kabuki specialty roll is delish among others! Great service, food, family friendly!!!
3	This place is good and probably would give it 3.5 stars if I could. Nothing about it stood out to me. The price is a little above typical sushi price but still average/good quality. If you have sushi spot already, stay there.
4	Kudos for having Gluten-Free soy sauce and having a list of their Gluten-Free items... The food is quality and not expensive, while being in a great location.  I wish more tourists were aware of how amazing Town Square is... Although it may make it a little better for us locals to have a place to hang out!  :)
1	I would normally give this restaurant four to five stars but after my experience on Monday for lunch I have to drop my rating to two stars. I dine here every time I'm in Vegas and have always been more than satisfied. This time around was just the opposite. I went during lunch with my parents and my sister and ordered off the lunch menu. The server must have been new because the service was substandard. My sister and I ordered the tonkatsu and said lunch portion. The server asked, "with tempura" I said no just tonkatsu. He asked the same thing to my sister. I understand upselling, but if I want tempura I would ask for it. My parents ordered the salmon and tempura lunch combo and said they would be sharing it. The real issue occured when the bill arrived and we were all charged dinner prices. Mind you this was one in the afternoon. When I brought this to the servers attention he said "oh, you wanted lunch?" He said he didn't know that and would take care of it. He returned with the bill but to my surprise only one of the meals had been adjusted to the lunch price. I again said we all ordered lunch he said he didn't know that and would have to talk to the manager. Why I ask would one person order lunch and the other two dinner when we are there during lunch.  When the bill finally returned they still had the dinner charges on the bill and just took out one tonkatsu. The server said don't worry it comes out to the same as three lunches. I asked why couldn't they just charge us for the lunches so I could see it itemized and not just assume it was correct. At this point I was fustrated and went up to speak with the manager, (and I use this term "manager" loosely)Tom Suciawan. It finally dawned on me why this simple customer service issue turned into a hot mess. Tom wouldn't know customer service if it bit him in the a--. When I went up to him he proceeded to give me attitude and said rudely"it's all been taken care of and you got dinner portions for the price of lunch". He said he already spoke to the server and would speak to him again. I replied that I simply wanted to bring this to attention, but was frankly surprised with his lack of customer service himself. I can see where his staff could lack in this area as Tom would be the last person who should be training them. With so many places to eat in Vegas, what brings me back is great service. My warning to lunch diners, be sure you emphasize you are odering lunch not dinner and be sure you check your bill!
4	I have eaten here several times and 8 out of 10 the food and service is generally good. I usually start off with shisito peppers since they're great here. They ave so many great options when it comes to the rolls and entree selections. Since its right by shopping and a movie theatre I will definitely return. You can also substitute the white rice for brown rice which prefer. For a dollar more you can have real, fresh wasabi. I can't wait to go back.
4	We came across this location as we looked for food near our hotel.  It was a great location located within a shopping district, with multiple vegan friendly rolls to choose from.
2	This place is consistently average. Nwver wows me but due to its location it gets some business. Service is great, its the food. Its not bad nor is it great. Theres just nothing that gives me that warm fuzzy feeling when i leave.
4	We had the alaskan roll with salmon on top,also salmon and tempura with was very delicious,the ambiance was really cool from the decorate to the chef's everytime some one come in they would say( Kangei ) which is welcome I think..If I am wrong somebody please let know,oh yeah the bath room was extremely clean that have a check off sheet on the wall when it was clean last,for us no disappointment here.
4	I LOVE KABUKI. I would go during happy hour, lunch or dinner. My husband and I go to here quite often, mostly for lunch or happy hour. I love Town Square - what a great location for a restaurant like this. They have a great lunch menu with reasonable prices for the quality of food you receive. One of my favorite parts? THEY ARE GLUTEN FREE FRIENDLY!!!On the bottom of the menu they state that they offer gluten free soy sauce and brown rice. I like brown rice better than white and since I'm gluten free, this is a definite plus. This means their staff is somewhat knowledgeable about gluten allergies. finding that at a sushi restaurant. I normally get one of their nigiri and sushi specials at lunch, brown rice, no wasabi (I am not sure if it is GF and not worth the risk), with just a hit of gluten free soy sauce and maybe a little ginger. Delicious. Of course, I cannot get any of those fancy rolls that are fried and dripping in calories, but that's okay! The fish I can have is fresh, delicious, not stinky and totally fulfilling in every way. Wash it down with a sake and you're good to go!My husband gets the teriyaki chicken and tempura lunch special every time we go. He loves the tempura because it isn't too greasy, just a right amount of crunch and perfectly cooked every time. The teriyaki chicken is his favorite because it isn't too sweet, isn't drowned in too much sauce and is once again, perfectly cooked. It comes with a bowl of miso soup and a bowl of rice, so by the end of the meal he is absolutely full, and to get a 6' 7" man full in one sitting with one plate without making him want to vomit due to MSG overload? Good times.Come during any hour, but a lot of people love happy hour at Kabuki. Great roll specials and appetizer specials, but I'm a big fan of the large hot sake for $3. After a long day, it's nice to wind down with a large sake and a spicy tuna roll. The prices are great, service is consistently good and I love the location and ambiance. All around, this place is delicious and perfect any time of the day.
4	Our Japanese family goes here when we go to Vegas. The food is good and the prices are so much better than on the strip! We always have good meals here. Lunch is a great bargain. We stop here on the way in and again on the way leaving! We are so happy we discovered this place after paying ridiculous prices for mediocre Japanese and Chinese food on the strip.
4	I really enjoyed this place, I got one too many berry mojitos and a vegas roll. No time to wait for a table on a Sunday night! I'll come back again soon!
4	DELICIOUS.A short drive away from the strip, but way way worth it! Here's what I had:1. Deep fried calamari with eel sauce. Perfectly crunchy, not too chewy. It was the perfect start to a good meal.2. Spicy ramen. This broth was really tasty. I've eaten at many ramen joints, but this broth is actually quite spectacular and savory and complex. It wasn't at my desired spiciness level, but the waitress left a bottle of ground chili to bring it to my liking. I thoroughly enjoyed this, but definitely wished there was a piece of char siu in it, or some kind of meat.3. Sunkissed roll. Spicy tuna roll with salmon and avocado on top. This was my favorite dish of the meal. I am a huge fan of sashimi and fresh fish. The spicy tuna was okay, but what made me happy and brought me joy was the huge piece of fresh and tasty raw salmon atop the roll. Certainly some of the freshest salmon I've tasted.I was so happy with this meal, especially having been deprived of good sushi for about half a year. The total for the ramen and roll was ~$22. Definitely a steal compared to those other pricey places on the strip.
4	I can't believe it's been a year since I've been here. I celebrate mothers day dinner here then catch a movie afterwards.. Great location and atmosphere with best sushi!!  Maybe next time it won't be just for mothers day that i comeBack :)
3	We came here and ordered to go because our other friends wanted pizza and we didn't feel like it. This place was pretty busy.I ordered the large roll and the baked scallop on cali roll.  The hostess was really nice and even told me the large roll came with edamame (It doesnt say that on the menu).I thought both rolls were good.  I substituted imitation crab meat from the shrimp in the first roll. I thought the scallop in the second roll was overcooked and the onions undercooked (they were still pretty crunchy and had the raw onion taste that didnt go well with the roll).My friend had a cali roll and the shrimp tempura roll. She said both were fine.There was nothing spectacular about this place, but next time I go to Vegas (and if I'm in the area) I might give it another go (and dine in) to see if may be they just had an off day.
4	Kabuki is great at being good all-around, and helps narrow the gap between the casual/westernized and traditional Japanese food. It won't be the absolute best restaurant, but it's solid, and pretty fail-safe. The large menu caters to many tastes - the reasonable prices and large servings make for great, casual lunch specials, while the full-blown sushi menu will satisfy fish junkies too. There'll always be something for any mood.  Well, for any of my friends' moods, at least. I have culinary tunnel-vision at Kabuki, and will only order specials that include their teriyaki chicken (which is delicious, and amazing, and delicious again), so I can't vouch for anything else myself, but so far, my companions have always seemed happy with their many different orders. In particular, they swear by the freshness of the tuna and salmon, they like the rolls, and we appreciate how even the smallest side dish is pretty good on its own. The staff is friendly and attentive, and service is very fast considering how busy it gets. The restaurant has excellent ambiance; it's classy enough for a dinner date, but casual enough that you could just drop by mid-day for some teriyaki chicken. No, seriously, it's sweet and moist and uncomplicated and all the things you want it to be, so go get some and be filled (big portions!) with happiness.
2	I used to be a regular here... but not anymore.  I would say many locals place is better than here.  I can't believe some of the AYCE place's quality is better than here.  I think thats enough said..
5	Came here a few times. Every visit was wonderful. You have to try their premium saki, so good. The sushi is good not the best but the customer service is excellent! For me service is the key to a great meal. So stop by today and get real service like no other. Great!!!
4	During a day of errands at Fry's Electronics(love that store!), my son and I were looking for a good spot for lunch. We headed over to Town Square, to check it out, and see what they had to offer. We parked and ended up being in the middle of "Yard House" and "Kabuki". There was a kiosk in the middle of the restaurants, so i decided to get the opinion of the gentlemen hanging out there. He recommended Kabuki, and we're glad he did.We walked in, and the place looked great. Very modern, with magnum sake bottles lining the walls of the entrance(refer to pic) and nice curved walls leading to your table. Denise was our server. She was very nice, and full of smiles. She took our drink order and even made some chocolate milk for my son, which was greatly appreciated. After we ordered, they brought out edamame to start(refer to pic). My son has never had edamame before, but quickly fell in love with it. I love edamame, especially with a dash of salt on each. MMMmmmMMmmm... so good.  For lunch, i ordered  the "Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll"(refer to pic). The roll was...okay. Nothing special. The spicy sauce that was drizzled on the bottom of the plate, was by far, the best part of the dish. I also order the "Chicken Teriyaki"(refer to pic) from the lunch menu. It came with a bowl of "Miso Soup"(refer to pic), a salad and a very generous portion of chicken. The miso soup was excellent, like always. I'm a sucker for miso soup. The salad was under-dressed and could have been much better. The chicken teriyaki, on the other hand, was fantastic! That teriyaki sauce was BANGING! So delicious, i could have licked the plate. My son ordered the #2 which is "Chicken Teriyaki and Tempura Shrimp"(refer to pic). Once again, very generous portion size, especially for a child. I was thinking, "i should have just got that.". The kids #2 came with a salad, tempura shrimp and green beans, chicken teriyaki, and rice. He loved it! They also brought out "Chop Stick Helpers"(refer to pick). How awesome?! Now my son will be using chop sticks in no time!Throughout lunch, Denise stopped over to check on us, refill our waters, and make small talk. She was attentive, knowledgeable, and personable. Thanks Denise for giving us a great lunch. We will definitely be back.
2	I had to accompany my small children to the bathroom.  when I returned to my table it was reset and my two to go boxes with about half of our dinner inside was gone.  The manager said  " sorry, you didn't tell us you're going to the bathroom". manager refused to do anything about it until I demanded a sushi roll to go which he was very reluctant to do even though he threw out $20 worth of my food!  Why they couldn't put my food at the hostess stand for a few minutes in case I had left instead of tossing it directly into the trashcan is beyond me.
4	I eat here quit often, I notice a lot of changes to their menu. I like it! I like a great restaurant that does great changes to their menu. It gives me something new to look forward to coming back to. The place is always busy, however the service is quick. I like taking big crowd's here for birthdays etc. Enjoy! Oh and try and Spicy Tuna on Crispy Rice!!
2	The food I had was OK but not great. We had to ask for everything we needed from other employees that seemed to be floating around the restaurant not doing much else other then saying they would let our server know.... I don't think they ever did because the same server only visited our table twice after we ordered. We got our appetizers, mains and sushi all in one, it wouldn't even fit on the table unless we took off the candle and yet the waiter just kept shoving stuff on the table. We never got drink refills till he came to give us our check. I'd never go back, the service was not good at all.
5	I've come here for dinner before a long time ago but I don't remember it being particularly special.  I'm not sure why I have never come here for lunch all this time that I've worked at Town Square.  My co-worker and I were really sick of the other options and didn't have enough time to go off-property.  Somehow Kabuki popped into my head and that's where we headed.  It wasn't very busy and we were seated right away.  The menu is huge!  They have lunch selections, but there is also a ton of other things you can order for a reasonable price.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki lunch special, which came with miso soup and a side of rice.  When the dish came, it was actually a huge salad with teriyaki chicken.  I also ordered a spicy salmon hand roll.  My co-worker ordered the karaage wings, and spicy miso ramen.  Everything was delicious, EVERYTHING.  And it was a ton of food.  My total was $14.  It was the best lunch ever!Our server was really fast and nice.  We are already planning on going back and trying many of the other things on the menu.**Update** I went back today and ordered the Chashu Ramen - it was not good. Broth was milky and tasted like black pepper!  But still, I love this place!
4	I have been here many times and have always been satisfied!  The sushi is amazing! Of course I always get the same thing anywhere I go, baked salmon roll, but it is so good!  The edamame is fantastic, sauteed with garlic and served hot!  MY FAVORITE PART IS THE GLUTEN FREE options they provide!  Soy sauce has gluten in it and for me, I choose not to eat gluten so them having this option helps me out tremendously!  I do not think we have ever waited for a table, not sure if that is a good thing or a bad thing, but I am happy we dont have to wait!  you can chose to sit at the bar, a table or a booth.........so nice to have those options!  You are going to be paying the average price for the rolls, nothing is over priced but it isnt super cheap. I have never had an entree, but my friends got the meal that included chicken, tempura, salad and a bowl of rice.  It looked great and was priced just right for the amount of food they received. The waiters and waitresses have always been great. I love this place and while writing this review my mouth is watering thinking about the edamame!
4	Well, it seems not everything here is as delicious as I had hoped it would be.  The ramens are all just OKAY.  They taste like ramen you make at home and the chashu is not melt in your mouth delicious.  I still love this place and can't wait to try OTHER things.
2	I wasn't too impressed with their food.  The sushi were wide in circumference and thinly sliced.  That combo is just a disaster waiting to fall apart when you pick them up with your chopsticks.  After eating a few pieces, we finally said something to the waiter.  We even showed her what happens when you pick it up!!! "Maybe the rice wasn't made correctly?? Or made not tight enough??"  She looked at us as if we were crazy!  So the best thing she could do for us was to remake "one roll" b/c the other rolls were half way eaten.  I'm not sure if was due to the crazy, hectic Valentine's holiday or if that's just the way they make some of their rolls ??  I was so caught up in picking up the sushi in pieces that I lost focus on quality and taste of the fish :/  I've been to many sushi places in town, and I'll have to say - I've had better....
4	I frequent this restaurant a couple times a week. You can call me a "regular." The Staff is friendly and timely, and the food is great. Try the crab appetizers - they rock. I was born and raised in Las Vegas and it is very difficult to find good Japanse food here; Kabuki fits that bill. You won't be disappointed.
5	My husband stumbled upon this place for lunch while exploring Town Square.  First of all the decor is beautiful.  A casual, sheek place to dine with awesome prices.It was just the two of us so we decided what the hell, let's try a happy boat.  OOOOOHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEE!  It was awesome...It came with shrimp and vegetable tempura, kalbi, chicken, salad, Gyoza and California Roll Sushi.  Everything was great.  I am definitely taking my kids here when we return in December.The service is great and the prices are great for good Japanese food!
4	This place brings back memories of high school! This used to be on our list of spots we would frequent. I only come here for happy hour. I don't think their regular menu is that impressive nor would I pay the price. Their happy hour used to be larger and have even more items and better rolls but it's still a good bang for your buck! We still have Kabuki in our rotation of HH's the only difference now it that we also get to take advantage of their sake specials HEHE Some of my must haves:--Spicy Tuna Salad: comes on a bed of shredded cucumbers, daikon and gobo.. mmm light and refreshing.--Fire Cracker: Spicy tuna with cilantro & onions served with fried wonton crackers!--Calamari: It's deep fried! Of course it's good!--Philly roll with no cream cheese: The cut of salmon is big.. yummm --Green Tea Tempura Ice Cream: Not on HH but worth the $  --Love the complimentary edamameThe service has always been really nice and fast. If you're looking for an authentic Japanese restaurant.. don't come here. It's Korean owned and very "Americanized..."HOT TIP: Don't forget to sign up for their rewards program.. It's free and you get a gift certificate on your birthday ;]]]
3	Its good!  not the best I have ever had, just nice.....  They would do more business if it had an all you can eat deal!    Still a good place to eat!
5	One of a few 5 star sushi joints for me (Usually sushi is good [fresh] or not good) - Got to get the Fire Cracker - AMAZING!!
1	Lame reservation policy- needs to be 4 hours ahead or you have to just show up. I think if you have the availability you should make the res. had a small party- now they lost the business- dumb
4	I ordered Sun kissed sushi roll and Baja roll, very delicious. Sun kissed sushi roll gives a variety of different rolls, which I like, and Baja roll is perfect for Mexican food lover. This roll is topped with fresh salsa (a bit spicy), yum!
4	One of the better Japanese places in town.  Food's good and the prices are reasonable.  Yama Sushi on Flaming-O is still my #1 go-to place.
4	I love Kabuki!They are a little more Americanized than other Japanese restaurants, but that's a good thing. I'm in love with sushi but a lot of my friends aren't. We can always compromise on this place. The happy hour is awesome, the menu used to be bigger but it's still cool. I love their fusion rolls. If you like Mexican food, try the Baja roll, you won't be disappointed.The service has always been great both in Town Square and Tivoli. The staff is very attentive and educated on their menu. I've never had a bad experience here.If you like this place, it's worth it to get the Rewards Card.
1	I will never EVER go back to Kabuki! I was there a few days ago, and quality has definitely deteriorated. I ordered the firecracker as an appetizer, the lotus on fire as an entree, and a mushroom miso as a side. Everything containing "spicy tuna" (yes, quoted, I have no idea if it was tuna at all, though I have a sneaking suspicion that it wasn't) was watered down with diced tomatoes! Awful! Less "tuna" and more tomatoes? Yuck! My roll was poorly executed and quickly fell apart when dipped into the soy boat. Even my iced green tea seamed too diluted to be called tea. The mushroom miso was okay, so I gave it 1 star. DO NOT visit this place. If you're stuck at Town Square, you're better off saving your money and having a sandwich at Capriatti's!
5	The food is good and there's a wide selection, not just sushi. The service is fast and friendly.I've been here multiple times and it's a great spot to get some dinner at before catching a movie at Town Square.
4	We had a gift card and decided to celebrate the last day of school with a yummy sushi dinner.  Never having been to Kabuki, we were unsure what to expect as some of the sushi restaurants in town offer a nice environment with terrible food and service. Kabuki was quite the opposite (w/a very nice environment). The menu selection (including kids menu) is excellent and the sushi is melt in your mouth delicious! We had the Vegas Roll, Sunkissed Roll and the Lotus Roll. The sunkissed roll is by far my favorite and a must try for anyone thinking about trying this place out. The service was quick and pleasant without feeling rushed. The dining room is quite large so you don't feel cramped into a small restaurant that reeks of fish. No fishy smell here! The prices are reasonable as well! With an extensive sake menu and lots more specialty rolls to try, we will definitely find something else to celebrate so that we can go back soon!
3	My server was very friendly and took all of our orders on time. We had the lunch special which is from 11am-4pm daily. Food was at best mediocre but nothing spectacular or makes this sushi restaurant outstanding. Great for service and environmentAverage for actual food quality
4	Service was a little slow but the sushi was great and tasted fresh.
4	the crab salad is bomb, great place to go during happy hour. really enjoyed the sushi too. our waitress seemed kind of tired and ready to go home tho lol.
5	This is one of my favorite Japanese restaurants.  The Dragon Roll is my favorite.  And happy hour makes it even better. This place is always busy. Great atmosphere and staff. The town square location is always great before or after a movie.
5	This is a great sushi restaurant in Town Square.The sushi was fresh, came out fast, and was reasonably priced.  If you like points and discounts, they participate in Yelp Checkin, Open Table, Happy Hour from 3-6, and if you are an LVAC Member, you get 15% off your bill.I will 110% be going back to Kabuki.
4	So far, I've been here twice during Happy Hour and I'm a fan. Here's a list of my favorite HH items (1st price is regular menu price, 2nd price is HH Price.Broiled Mussel on Half Shell $6.95/$5.95Comes with Six Mussels and they are seriously delicious made with a kind of sesame mayo sauce. I can't get enough!Fire Cracker normally $7.95/$5.95Spicy Tuna mixed with chopped tomato, served with egg roll chips.  This is great for sharing. Also I don't think it's as hot as it sounds. I like spicy foods but my friend doesn't and she was definitely able to eat this without issue.Sesame Chicken $7.95/$5.95Lightly fried (tempura) chicken marinated in sesame and ginger. I originally ordered this for my friend as I wasn't sure if she would like the other dishes I chose... but this became one of my favorites after the first bite. Calamari Rings $8.95/$5.95This calamari is rings only, lightly battered with tempura. Tis was ok, personally I didn't love the tempura on this dish. However my friend mentioned that the smaller pieces were better.. Some of the pieces were big and a little much for me. I'd get it again but not my 1st choice.Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll $7.95/$5.95Sicy Tuna, avocado and tempura crunch. This one is really good. I really like that it's spicy but not overpowering. Another favorite roll is the Sun Kissed Roll (but it's not on the HH Menu)Also, if you like champagne, the plum champagne drink is pretty good. Light and refreshing. Hostess staff leaves a little something to be desired, but bar staff has been great both times. Very good about refills and making sure I have everything I need.I'm not sure about the restaurant side, but at the bar they give out complimentary edamame. Because it's free I don't want to complain too much. It comes out cold, which is not my preference, but it also is generally a little soggy. It's definitely not terrible and both times I was there I ate a generous portion. Just doesn't excel as much as the rest of the items I've eaten.Also, I love that you can order any roll with brown rice.
4	Hands down one of the best happy hours in town. Happy hour is Mon to Fri from 3PM-6PM, so I'm usually walking in at 5:45 rushing from work. The servers are nice and is ok with you ordering a couple minutes before 6PM. They also let you know when it is HH last call. HH drinks include $2 beers and $2 sakeHH food starts at $3, but my favorite items are Salmon Nigiri ($3) for 2 large pieces, and Spicy Tuna roll ($4). It's a great snack after work and on the way to the movies. The staff there are always pleasant but come time for the check, it takes them a while. If you are in a hurry, ask for the check early.
2	Our server was nice but the food here is not very good. I've been to all you can eat sushi places that had better quality food. Stay away from their lotus roll. They have a prime location and I believe it is the only reason why they have customers because its in the busiest part of Town Square.
5	This place has some really good and cheap food.  As well, free soda refills.  I love it.
4	I know they don't have quality sushi but I love to go here for their spicy tuna during their happy hour. Probably cause it's way cheaper and it still tastes good and it's conveniently located in Town Square. Movie and happy-hour (3-6pm) dinner always sound great to me.My last visit wasn't so hot because of their Red Mask Club system that wouldn't let me use my birthday + earned rewards. I earn the rewards from all my previous purchases and my birthday was just the annual $15 off your order. Wouldn't let me combine and then they also weren't able to put my points for that meal on either. It was quite a hassle in the end and just didn't make sense. Bleh.Service is usually decent/mediocre. There's not really anything special about this place but for the sake of convenience and decently-priced happy hour, I do go back often enough.
5	this is my favorite place to go for happy hour! i love thier tokyo mojito too
5	The food here is amazing!
1	So this used to be me and my hubby's date night place but this place has changed! My order came out wrong twice I asked to talk to the manager and he was rude! We won't be coming back to this place!! Just go to Ojah up the street, they actually care about their customers!!
4	Wow! Got free cal roll and edamame!!! Just checked in though yelp. That was great surprise.  Great deal.  Love it!!! :)Spicy tofu was good presentation, we enjoyed. Ramen was standard, nothing special.
5	Finally found a great veggie sushi place. Had the spicy tofu roll, and rainbow roll. It's so nice to have a place to go with friends and not have to fuss with the chef over having little to no options for allergies/vegan/vegetarians kudos!
1	Went down here with my best friend for reverse happy hour. We showed up maybe 45mins before close. We got seated and was told by the host that last sushi call would be at 945. No big deal. We got there early enough to be done before the time they would close. A person came and told us that our waitress was on break so he would take our drink order (who the hell goes on break even an hour before the restaurant was closing??). Thinking it wouldn't take long, we ordered our drinks and waited patiently. We didn't have our waitress come around to us till exactly 945. Yes. We waited that long to get service. After finally ordering, our rolls came out quick, which was nice...till I noticed that one of our orders never came. We asked the waitress about it and she told us she forgot and she would be right back. She leaves for a couple minutes and tells us she's sorry, but she forgot to enter in that order and the kitchen was closed. ARE U EFFING KIDDING ME?? I'm sorry, but I feel you should treat your last customers like your first customers. We didn't get any type sympathy comp or anything. She didn't even seem that apologetic. Needless to say, I left a pretty terrible tip in which I rarely ever do. To top it off, their sushi is pretty mediocre. I probably won't be returning to Kabuki. I will definitely stick to 808 Sushi.
5	My favorite Sushi place!! Very fresh salmon here. No fishy odor like other sushi places I've tried. My favorite time to go is at happy our, mon-fri 3:00-6:00pm. Staff is very bubbly courteous and attentive.A short list of my faves' & must haves when u visit: Eel & avocado roll, Sunkissed roll. If u like spicy the tuna tempura roll is delish!! As for appetizers: garlic edamame, fried tofu, seaweed salad and the gyoza dumplings are my hubby's choices & I enjoy them all. But if if its your sweet tooth that's demanding, you must order the tempura green tea ice-cream but be ready to share because it is a big serving. Or you can order the Pomegranate margarita, oh sooo deelish!!
5	Veggie menu is awesome!  I highly recommend itGreat menu selection very fresh and tasty plus they have happy hour specials which not all of our many sushi spots do. Pleased!
4	Had a terrific experience! The only down side was not being able to make a same day reservation, but I shouldn't have waited so long. The wait was only a few minutes once we were there (for a party of 6).Our server Andrew took excellent care of us as well as the whole support staff!!The food and selection was terrific!! We had eaten at other Kabuki's and had quality food but this time it was much better. We waited for nothing, had our drinks refilled promptly and even had extra help when we had a spill!!I highly recommend this Kabuki's for a very pleasant, quiet, non-casino type experience.
4	Love their Yelp check in offer free California roll!Alaskan roll is super yummy and lunch specials are filling and priced just right!
1	Second time I've been here and astonishingly bad service, no water refills, sushi took forever, mediocre food, not reasonably priced.  If I didn't ask the waitress three times for my miso soup I would still be waiting and probably wouldn't have had until Tuesday afternoon.  By far the worst waitress I've ever had.  The sushi bar was so slow and not entertaining in the least.  The only saving grace was this other waitress sunny who was friendly, cute and  attempting to make up for way lost time.  If it wasn't for her, it would be an absolute no on giving this place a go.  I waited so long for my sushi you would think they fetched it out of the sea right after I ordered it.
4	Excellent place. Good feel. Nice to chill even for a Sunday evening. I was on my way to the movies but, the idea of sushi was way better.Loved the cucumber mojito. I even went for two, maybe three.... Lol Food in general was excellent. Portion sizes are on the larger side.I started with the Tokyo quesadilla. (An Asian version of the original) and to my surprise it was very good. Then a selection of several rolls followed. Particularly recommend the Vegas roll, and spicy tuna. Service in general good and location very nicely decorated. One odd feature "pretty weird sperm looking lamps at the bar" a bit distracting actually. Haha
5	We came here for the vegan sushi and it was a success!  My sister lives in Vegas and brought my husband and I here for lunch. By far the best sushi we have ever had. I had the veggie sushi wraps which came with three dipping sauces; sesame, kale and soy. I also got the tofu rolls which were amazing!  Great options for vegans, we will come here again!
4	I've been here 3-4 times always for happy hour.  I love this place and would go here anytime.  The wait staff is always attentive and very nice.  We always get way to much food.  The beer prices and saki prices for happy hour are hard to beat.  I honestly can't remember what I ate here but I've never been disappointed with any of it.  They have some kind of spicy ahi cakes that you spread onto fried wonton skins that we get every time.  Good price, nice portions.  I like this spot and will return regularly.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Kabuki.  You know its a good place to eat if the restaurant is packed at 8p on a Thursday night.   I used the check in offer for the free California Rolls, ended up loving this roll so much that I ordered another one.  They do cut their sushi into larger pieces, so its 6 instead of 8 pieces like everywhere else.  Waiter dropped off free Edamame in which we gobbled down.  The only thing we did not like and it wasn't because the flavor, was the Sesame Chicken appetizer.  The chicken used in this particular dish was stringy, chewy and probably dark meat.  The flavor was still good, but the quality of the chicken was bad.  I will have to check out the location in Tempe, AZ.
2	My girlfriend and I were here last week to have some sushi, but unfortunately we were disappointed. It was too cold and seemed prepared too quickly. She ended up getting sick right after as well. It's a shame, seemed like a nice Japanese restaurant. We will not be returning.
3	Kabuki has decent food. Nothing worth driving across the city for, but we were in the area after going to the movies and I'm a member of the Red Mask club and I had a $15 credit for my birthday so we had dinner here tonight. Nothing exceptional except the speed of the sushi chefs. We were seated at the sushi bar because we were told there was a wait for tables (even though there were several open in the same area as the sushi bar, I guess they were claimed already). It took an exceptionally long time for our server to come back after delivering our drinks so that my dinner partner could order off the menu instead of directly from the sushi chefs, in the meantime my two rolls were already sitting in front of me. It was nice that the sushi was ready so fast but I still waited for my dinner partner to get his food so they sat untouched for quite some time. The food was good, and I'd come here again, but the overall service was slow and seemed uncoordinated.  Eventually we finished all of our food and drink and had to flag down the waiter to ask for the check, even though he had just been by to run our neighbors' check. Seemed somewhat inexperienced but weren't in a hurry so we still left a decent tip. OK food if you're in the area but nothing special.
4	I'm not a big shui fan, and wasn't really raised eating it a lot, so for a first time experiencing it I loved it. Reverse sushi hour is nice because my boyfriend works nights and gets off late. The only reason for the four stars it because I did find a hair in one of the rolls.
3	Its a chain that is all that can be said about it. Just like most restaurants in the are service can be hit and miss but get the right one and you'll have a good night. Its over Americanized on the food menu but the masses order the most so I'll just have to stick to china town for some good authentic Japanese food.
4	decent sushi for the price. great happy hour prices!!! sat at the bar and the bartender (Jeff?) was really sweet
4	1st time here its pretty good, they have good prices best time to go is during happy hour they have pretty good specials
5	I have never had a bad meal at Kabuki, their service is fast and Town Square is always a vacation. Visited this great restaurant about 20 times. Simply perfect - try their Seafood Udon Noodle Pasta! Have fun!
4	Kabuki offers the one sushi that I haven't been able to find anywhere else in town or in NYC, the elusive Baja roll. It's essentially a spicy California roll topped with crab and salsa drizzled with yum-yum sauce. Sounds a little weird I know but it the most unique blend of cuisine-Japanese and southwest. Now as for general service, it's usually crap. It takes forever for anything, mainly the check. There were many a times when I felt tempted to walk out because it was ridiculous to even get the server's attention. I did not do such a thing but if left unattended as such could cause problems, and we all know that hurts the restaurant.Now, the reason I put four stars is because the other day a friend and I went and had the BEST service. I believe the server's name was Robert, but forgive me I am mistaken because he made our night! Super attentive, funny, and on his A game. Kabuki, this is who you want you wait staff model. As for the sushi chefs, in the past I've sat at the sushi bar are they are a jolly bunch who know their skills.Arigato gozimasu.
2	It not that good, big disappointment!! I will never go back there again. The service is not bad just the food is not good.
2	I only gave 2 stars because the waiter was nice and the sushi was fair.  We were a party of 5. 4 of us had the chicken and beef hibachi.  GROSS!  Steak and chicken were tasteless, we had to ask for salt and pepper for the table to try to add flavor.....no help.  The dipping sauces tasted like cleaning solutions. AVOID this place.  Ohjah at Decatur/Blue Diamond is 10 times better.  I guess the only way they are still in business is because of the tourists that pass through and get suckered into this place.
1	They say us in the back for 1hr no service after we called ahead for reservations we couldn't tell you if the food was good we left
4	We came for Happy hour.  Monday - Thursday 4-6Make sure to park by AMC as there is very few parking spots know front and all are Pay parking. I was pleasantly surprised to find out they have a brand new vegaterian and gluten free menu. I had the tomato,  mushroom and tofu sushi and it was Delish.  The seaweed salad was also a generous portion size. The service was good.  Prices were good if you can go at happy hr you can get a Veggie roll for 3$ and there is a large selection. My only. Complaint is The bathroom definitely needs a clean.
4	I'm not normally a local that visits the touristy places to eat and drink because they're extremely overpriced and the quality is meh.  However, my fried had a crappy day at work and wanted to get some cocktails and sushi so she suggested Kabuki's at Town Square.  I met her there, and she had waiting I think 15 minutes or so for a table.  Our server, Justin, was very attentive and friendly, giving us time to read over the menus and decide what we wanted.  We went with the yellowtail carpaccio to start and it was delicious!  I loved the sauce. Next up was the Baja roll which was a spicy California roll topped with tomato salsa. Sounds really crazy, but it was really really good!  I'm not a huge fan of crab, but it was very tasty and different.  Finally we ordered the lotus on fire roll and it was good. I was hoping to get the spicy tuna crunch roll, but maybe next time.  I'd definitely eat here again if I'm in the area and hungry.
2	Service is great but I'm sorry the sushi tastes like the one you buy at grocery stores, not fresh at all.
3	This is an ok place..nothing super tasty or original..the only good thing on the menu is the kabuki roll special..that s about it
4	Kabuki, I was pleasantly surprised!  We ordered quite a bit on the menu, and I can't say I was disappointed with anything!Garlic Edamame ($4.95): Sauteed with Sea Salt and Garlic. This was very garlicky and delicious! Loved the bits of crunchy garlic...one of the better versions I've had actually :PYakibuta ($6.95): Pork, Jalapeno, and Green Onions. Wish it was a little more tender, but the flavor was good.  Looks like pork belly, but it isn't as fatty or tender as belly.Omakase Deluxe ($13.95): Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail, Shrimp, Albacore & Spicy Tuna Roll. SURPRISINGLY GOOD quality nigiri here! I didn't think this would fill me up, but with the appetizers and sides, I left stuffed.  I would come here again if I am hungry in Town Square :)
4	I eat here about twice a month, the lotus roll is by far my favorite. Only complaint is that at times it has not been real lobster  but they do not tell you. It still tasted ok, but sometimes you get lobster, and sometimes you get shrimp but your still paying for lobster. Also love the crab miso soup, but pretty salty if you're on a low sodium diet.
3	Every Kabuki I've been to is the same. Just mediocre meals. Came here the other day and it was pretty busy so I was expecting a wait and shitty service like the ones in SoCal. But instead, the hostess (Giana?? I think that was her name) kept us pretty entertained and gave pretty good hospitality while we waited. So we got our table and I figured, its gonna be a wait might as well  knock a brew. Food is alright, (Chefs, I understand its busy, I'm not trippin) & Service was stellar.
3	When you sit down, it's clean and organized. The staff greets new customers in Japanese once you enter; a lot of them talk to each other in Japanese, which I thought was really cool just because you're transported into this foreign world in the middle of the Town Square Mall! Aside from having a pretty nice happy hour, every time I've been to Kabuki and ordered something I don't usually get, it has been a letdown. I ordered from the Vegetarian Menu, Spicy Tofu on Crispy Rice & Vegetable Ramen. It was just okay, the taste of everything was pretty bland. Don't get me wrong, the quality of the food is pretty good, but the flavors are nonexistent. If you plan on eating here, just eat at happy hour! PS. you can get a discount for being an LVAC member. Slide your membership card in when you pay the bill! Also, don't worry if you don't finish your soup, they have a To-Go soup container!
4	It's the only restaurant I hadn't been to in Town Square because of the "meh" reviews and obviously Americanized menus. So, last night was my first visit and I'm impressed!Our friends wanted to meet for Happy Hour (Mon-Fri 3pm-6pm) and I figured, why not? While everyone else ordered several small bottles of House Sake (hot) -- Sho Chiku Bai Extra Dry ($3.95; H/H $1.95) and Sapporo (pitcher: $17.95; H/H $9.50 and tower: $23.95; H/H $12.50) for sake bombs, two of us shared the Kabuki Signature Sake Sangria -- fresh fruits, sake, shochu, grapefruit and cranberry juices ($24.95; H/H $18.95) which yielded 5-6 large glasses. For food, Ruben and I had two orders of Salmon Nigiri - which apparently they just call "sushi" ($4.25; H/H $2.95), two orders of Rose Roll -- shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber, and avocado ($9.95; H/H $6.95), and a Spicy Tuna Crunch Roll -- spicy tuna, tempura crumb, avocado and smelt roe ($7.95; H/H $5.95). Everything was really tasty. The salmon was so good, fresh, as I love how thick it was cut. Of the two specialty rolls, I really enjoyed the Rose Roll. Great flavor, nice balance of texture, and a little kick of spice. Also, the rolls are huge so you're definitely getting the value!Service was great and everyone was really nice. Our server was awesome about letting us know when it was last call for Happy Hour. Also, everything arrived promptly even with them being pretty busy.The Happy Hour prices are nice. It was the perfect way to try an a la carte sushi restaurant without breaking the bank. The fish quality was a pleasant surprise that instantly garnered respect. Not sure if I would pay the regular prices on the specialty rolls though. The selection is limited on the Happy Hour menu and there were many other intriguing rolls -- that weren't deep-fried or filled with cream cheese (pass on both) -- that I may want to try in the future.So, based on my wonderful experience, I'd love to revisit and take advantage of their Happy Hours (Reverse Happy Hour is Mon-Thurs 9pm-closing and Sun 8pm-closing with similar menus).
3	Came here for happy hour on a whim one night.We were seated promptly by a friendly waiter. The staff seemed friendly enough but they just seemed a little off to me, as if they weren't all accustomed to working with each other. The team chemistry was off.In any case, my boyfriend and I got a few rolls and the sashimi salad. Now, if you know me, you would know that I NEVER ever order rolls. I only did that here because they were on happy hour and I was hungry. The rolls themselves are decent for the price, albeit messy and uneven, especially for a restaurant that is normally quite pricey. We got the spicy tuna roll, rose roll, and something else. All the rolls were decent and fresh but fairly unremarkable.The sashimi salad actually had more fish than I was expecting! What a pleasant surprise. It was pretty standard fare but I always love the dressing so I gobbled that up.My boyfriend ordered a sapporo and I got a sake sangria. The sangria had a lot of yummy fruit and got me feelin' good because I started drinking on an empty stomach. Yay happy hour!
5	Favorite place sushi is the bomb
1	I wasn't really a fan of this place for a few reasons. I've tried a lot of different sushi places and the sushi here was not impressive. They didn't have a lot of choices for rolls and everything we ate tasted kind of bland. Also we sat at the sushi bar near the back kitchen and the servers kept yelling "corner" everytime they passed us which was somewhat annoying. Oh and there was a hair in one of my rolls. I don't think I will be back.
4	In a word: CONSISTENT.Vegas food has consistency problems. BUT, i like Kabuki because the food quality is always the same, and its pretty good. The service on the other hand has hiccuped more than thrice... tonight was no exception. NOTE TO HOSTESS: if you're getting slammed and are short staffed, say so. if there are 5-6 open tables and you're not seating anybody, it is not because there are two couples waiting to be seated that there is a 20 minute wait, its because you're in the weeds and you might not know what to do in this situation because this might be your first job.... and that's cool. Just lose the attitude and help find solutions rather than spend energy trying to assign blame. Happy hour specials rock. quality of food is surprisingly good, but i do echo other reviewers in that the roll menu is a bit thin. However, the nigiri portions are pretty large and the ahi tuna is usually a nice rich deep pink/purple. I never get any fishy tasting portions which has been a staple of almost eery other place i've been in vegas.
4	Being a vegetarian, I have never been interested in Sushi that is until I had Veg Sushis in Tel Aviv last November. From then on I have become a huge fan of the Sake, the horse radish and the sensational wasabi. Kabukki came recommended from my friends for its Veggie menu and i loved it. I ordered a tofu steak and a veg sushi with sake. Wow. Amazing it was. Will go back again. Service was excellent and being located in town square makes it top notch.
1	Place sucks ass. Rolls look like 4 yr old cousin rolled them, food does not come out as described on the menu and when you ask your server or bartender that you don't see a certain item they proceed to pick a fight with you, then they tell you after saying you don't want your roll any longer that "were going to take it off this time but I just want to let you know that theres nothing wrong with it." Haha I hope this place goes out of business or fires all the staff and replaces them ASAP!
4	This is a nice restaurant. Kid friendly! We enjoyed our meals especially the Spicy Ramen! Better than my favorite sushi spots! It's def. worth getting! The tempura mix was good and the sushi was really nice and delicious. The spot is hard to find in this type of drive around mall but it's near the movie theatre if the helps!
4	Great happy hour. Most of the staff is friendly. Beautiful decor/ambience inside. Mozzarella tempura is unique and delicious here.
4	Second time here and it's just as great as the first time. The mozzarella tempura was surprisingly light and very flavorful. The yellow tail carpaccio was so fresh. I had a geisha roll, pyramid roll and a salmon roll. All were so tasty with wonderful presentation. The seaweed salad was equally tasty. The service was good and the atmosphere had just the right vibe. Overall I will definitely be coming back to try some of the other temping sounding things on their menu. I give it 4 1/2 stars. Half a star off for the paper napkins we were given. Every other table seemed to have linen ones.  Strange
3	I really tried to like this place.The sushi is not very well rolled...they aren't tight and will fall apart as soon as you try to pick them up with your chopsticks. The ingredients aren't terrible which makes it at least edible but I'd avoid the rolls if you can. Surprisingly they are usually pretty busy so there might be a wait for a table but the bar should always have a few spots open. The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and offers a very fun atmosphere for dinner with some friends. I wouldn't be back for the food but for drinks ...possibly. You won't leave feeling satisfied but if you're starving while shopping in Town Sq. I guess this will do.
4	This place is great for happy hour when you're craving Japanese food but not sushi. That being said, I only go here for the happy hour menu. There are a ton of other places in town where I can get my AYCE sushi fix. My all time favorite love here is their spicy tuna salad. Fresh spring mix dressed with a soy vinagarette and topped with a giant ball of spicy tuna. Broiled mussels on a half shell are drenched in sweet, rich mayo sauce are also good. The fried calamari rings come with two types of dipping sauces, teriyaki or creamy mustard. Fried sesame chicken bites also come with a teriyaki dipping sauce. Can't go wrong with a Philadelphia roll or any other simple roll like salmon skin. Their specialty rolls have too much going on for my taste so I stay away from them. Lastly you gotta try the cucumber mint mojito or two or three. Sake is pretty cheap for happy hour price too. I always leave here feeling overly stuffed with fried, fatty goodness.
4	King Crab sushi was great. No rice wrapped with cucumber with all fresh crab. No imitations. For main entre I had the Mediterranean sea-bass. Prices are reasonable too!
4	I was very surprised by this stop.  Just walked in.  The crispy rice spicy tuna appetizers were awesome.  Prices are very reasonable.  I'll be back.
4	Good company, good food...good times. I don't get out much to the Town Square area but glad I made the effort. We were there at 11:30 am on a Friday, just before the lunch rush. Liked the atmosphere, the conversation, and of course the food. I actually ordered a cocktail, the mango cho-hi (dangerous); sweet and un-alcohol-y tasting, just like I like em. I chose only one appetizer; although looking at the menu I could have gone for many more. I will just have to make it out to an happy hour some day. I went with the shitake tofu, very tasty; tried the crab miso (tons of crab), and my main meal was the unagi don (unagi rice bowl with avocado slices) accompanied by a salad or miso soup. I chose the salad, of course, just having downed the big bowl of crab miso. I have to admit I found the avocado slices with my eel a bit odd at first but before the meal was over, liked the melding of the two flavors. The girls had much tinier appetites than myself; J chose the sake sangria along with niku kushiyaki and the mozzarella tempura (appetizers) and M went with the salmon teriyaki luncheon special. They, too, enjoyed the look and taste of their dishes. M has been there several times. We were all in a very happy place at the end of our lunch.
4	After a long day of shopping at Townsquare, a friend and I wanted to stop for a bite to eat. It was right around 4pm so we thought it would be a perfect opportunity for a "Linner" or "Dunch." The obvious meanings of those words, for those not in the know, is the hybrid of lunch and dinner. I tell you, any excuse to eat! LOL whatever the case, we were hungry so it was time to eat. Sushi is my all time favorite meal so Kabuki was the best option for us!Kabuki has to be one of the first restaurants when Townsquare first opened. That alone, tells me they are doing just fine. This joint is located across the street from HM and right next to Yogurtland. When you enter the restaurant, you immediately hit the hostess stand. You'll then notice a very hip and modern sushi restaurant. Glass walls are painted with Kanji letters and other Japanese artwork. Lots of random posts and walls to create mini intimate dining areas. Just like any reputable sushi restaurant, there's a sushi bar for your convenience as well.  We were sat right behind the hostess station, flushed up against a shelving unit filled with various types of Sake. Our server, Angie, was super sweet. She left us alone for most of the time, but still checked up on us when we needed it. The hostess, however, was a little bit disengaged. She wasn't as personable as I hoped it to be. I know at the end there was a taller hostess that was super sweet. The one I'm talking about was a little shorter, I'd say about 5'5". Still, that didn't ruin my time. For my meal, I decided to get the following:-Hamachi/Yellowtail Nigiri for $4.75: the hamachi was super creamy and fresh. I loved that they gave a larger fish portion for a nigiri. -Salmon Roll for $4.50: Salmon and cucumber rolled in rice and nori seaweed. I normally get the nigiri, but this was a great value for the price. For the roll, you get 6 cut pieces instead of 2 with the nigiri. The salmon was creamier than the hamachi and super flavorful. -Salmon Kama(Collar) for $7.95: Whenever I visit sushi restaurants, I ALWAYS get a kama. This cut of fish is super flaky, super marbleized, grilled and flavorful and the salmon was no different. The ponzu dipping sauce brought a salty and tangy element, elevating it to new heights. Highly recommend this if you've never tried it. The waiting time for our meals was super quick and the food was delicious. Those are reasons alone to come back time and time again. Townsquare is a place I frequent a lot, so Kabuki, watch out! I'll be back again soon. For now, thanks for the great time :)
4	I stumbled into this place while shopping in town square around christmas time with my boyfriend. Being from hawaii, I am definitely not used to the cold so I went in here looking for some soup or ramen. I found some and it was delicious. My boyfriend and I also tried one of those big boats (Can't remember what it was called but it was the larger of the two) Everything on the boat was delicious except the chicken. It had sort of a bitter burnt taste. Not sure if that's what they were going for and I'm not accustomed to it or they made a mistake. I did appreciate the speed of service we received though. Our waitress came by frequently to ask how we were doing and to refill our drinks. That was definitely nice since she was pretty busy. I've never had trouble finding parking for this place and never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes for a table. Very reasonable. One star off because, while it is a nice romantic setting, the lighting in there was way too dim to read the menu. I'm in my 20's and my eyesight is fine but I don't think it would hurt to turn the lights over the tables up a little bit.
5	I've only been here once but the waiter was awesome and the yakisoba was the bomb. The one roll I ordered was excellent too. Wish this wasn't so far from home.
4	Great happy hour specials. 5 stars for the food, 3 for the service at the bar. Will try it again, but definitely at a table.
1	Not sure what happened to this place in the last few months but it has certainly fallen off. The food has always been delicious but the service and cleanliness has taken a dive.  Management is not accommodating at all. In fact, the manager is downright rude and condescending. The hostesses trip over each other, don't acknowledge customers when you walk in and act as if they are annoyed to be working there. The women's restroom looked like it hadn't been serviced in hours. Toilet paper on the floor, wet tiles and it reeked of urine! After two bad experiences this month alone it's doubtful we'll be going back any time soon. What a shame.... This place used to be one of our favorites. :(
5	I am definitely a repeat customer, not just in Vegas but also in California. The employees were very nice and the Sushi was great.
3	Good location in town square, especially during summer for happy hour. Good food, good service. Grilled calmari is good, solid sushi. Good spot...romantic at night!
3	Excellent food but service was slow.  Sushi is good, no craft beer.  Martini made well.  Very pricey, but location it's the reason.
3	Located across H&M and Yogurtland, this restaurant is a great pitstop while shopping at Town Square.  Nice ambiance and superb customer service.  Make sure to call ahead especially on weekends to avoid the long wait.Can't really remember the last time I dined at this place before this one.  First thing I noticed was the newly upgraded menu for 2014.  One of the standouts was the 'ankimo' (steamed monkfish liver on ponzu sauce and topped with spicy radish).  Considering of never having eaten fish liver before, I had to give this item a try.  Surprisingly, the flavor wasn't as irony as chicken liver or foie that one would expect.  In fact, it had a faint fishy taste but enough to remind you're eating fish entrails.   Other items on the new menu that seemed enticing include soy tako ebitaki (soy paper wrapped and lightly fried octopus and shrimp, topped with bonito flakes), spicy tuna on crispy rice and takosu (sliced octopus marinated in Japanese vinaigrette).  The restaurant also offers an extensive gluten-free and vegetarian menu.Overall, Kabuki is definitely one of the better restaurants in the area.  Best time to check this place out is during Happy Hour which runs Mondays thru Fridays 3PM-6PM for great deals on food and alcoholic beverages.  They even have Reverse Happy Hour Mondays thru Thursdays 9PM-close and Sundays 8PM-close to pregame with your buddies before heading to one of the bars around the area.
4	After a long day of shopping at town square. We decided to stop by kabuki tonight for dinner, me and my family go to the kabuki in summerlin for happy hour often! WE JUST LOVE IT! But tonight is different, we decided to try out dinner this time. When we first walk in, the friendly hostess greeted us, then one hostess told us for a table of two at least a 15 minutes wait,  I think her name was spell "Giana "? So we thought they must be busy, after sitting at the bench less then 1 mins, another host has approach to us, and told us that our table was ready, surprise the wait wasn't even long, didn't know why we were told to wait 15 minutes. She lead us to our table, and ask how we were doing, and  if was our first time dining, we told her (her name is Catherin) that we usually go to sunmerlin location for happy hours, and never really order from dinner menu. She then smile and explain their new items on the menu and  recommended few dishes for a sushi lover like me!  Our server Kim was very sweet . She came to us  and got our drink order right away, while we were dining , she will stop by and check our table making sure we got everything we needed! Wonderful service experience I have here compare to summerlin kabuki. The food was delicious, wasn't expecting they have many options in their menu,  they have those  tasty garlic edamame, and their bbq rib were just delicious !  Defiantly recommend to come here for their sushi, is so fresh and good amount! Worth the price, if you enjoy something spicy, try out their lotus fire roll, if you just like simple sushi, their salmon is the best! Over all the customer service was wonderful and the sushi just great! The only downside is the restroom was a little bit dirty, paper towels all over the floor, and also note to the hostess, if there is no long wait, don't make it sound like there is, if other hostess were able seat me right away, I don't see why the other one say there is a wait, and there was couple tables open. I will defiantly come here and summerlin kabuki for dinner again. I would recommend Kim as server, she just wonderful!
5	I came here for date night on a last minute whim, and it was amaaaaazing. Seriously amazing. We came during happy hour too, so we got half off on two of the rolls we ordered. It starts at 4, ends at 6, I believe. Anyways, I ordered an entree: Teriyaki Chicken and it automatically comes with miso soup, rice and a salad. Big portions! I wasn't expecting so much food! The teriyaki was hot and deliciously juicy! I loved the salad and the rice was cooked to perfection. The miso soup wasn't memorable, I've had better but with everything else I got, it didn't matter. I also got California rolls, which is one of the best Cali rolls I've ever had!!! Honey bear got a Vegas roll, and he absolutely loved it!!!! He also ordered a Long Island ice tea, which he also enjoyed!The staff is extremely friendly, though I don't remember our server's name! But he checked on us a couple of times, and made sure our drinks were full. I love the feel of the place. We got seated in a very fun spot, facing the sushi makers! It has a very modern, edgy feel while still keeping a calm ambience. I can't wait until I'm back in Vegas to eat here again!
3	Super busy and unhappy waiters Food comes nothing like their pictures on the Manu. Nothing!
3	Very average sushi chain. The food came out a little too fast, and the rolls looked hastily made. Taste was average. They do have good happy hour deals though!
4	Went here for my birthday dinner. I love sushi, but my boyfriend can't eat fish. Thankfully Kabuki has a vegetarian menu. Our server was very attentive and friendly, without being intrusive.
1	After new management for this franchise, they have definitely decreased the portions and changed the menu for the worse.....not better.  Large sashimi platter looks like a "small".  Never coming back!!  A waste of money!!
2	Very poor service today. I've always heard good things about Kabuki, but the service was terrible. It took forever to get drinks, which is even worse on 105 degree day in Vegas. I will say the lunch specials are tons of food, and tasted pretty good, however the crappy service killed it for me!
1	Service was good. The food was absolutely disgusting. They raised the prices on some of their items. The dynamite roll there used to be my absolute favorite. I remember the price of a dynamite roll used to be no more than $5, now they raised the price to almost 9 bucks!! Totally not worth the price and when I ordered it the other day it seems as if they changed up the ingredient. I don't ever remember them putting crab mix on top. Less scallops, onions and mushrooms. Even the sauce was different.  The miso ramen lost all it's flavor. I ordered one of their newest items, the ebi takoyaki, and that was disgusting as well. I basically ordered $60 of food, took one bite of every thing and was done for. The only thing that tasted decent was the edamame and my oolong tea.
3	Kabuki is a good restaurant in the area. This is usually a place we end up at spur of the moment, either on our way to the movies or taking a break from shopping. I really enjoy the poke tuna and the lotus on fire roll, the sashimi is always really good as well!
3	I will give this place 3 stars because the service is always great, and I like the happy hour prices.  However, I have never, ever, ever been impressed with their sushi.  It tastes like the pre-made sushi you buy at the grocery store.  If you want good sushi, there are a million other places in Las Vegas.  This place just happens to have a good location at Town Sqaure.  'Tis a shame that their sushi chefs aren't any better (or maybe it's the ingredients they have to work with?).  Next time I would rather go to a place that's not exactly the closest location but that has better food.  I love my sushi, and I love it delicious - not stale and flavorless like here.
3	It was good and the complimentary Edamame was a nice touch.  It was a bit pricey though.
5	Best spicy tuna in town. Great spot to go for happy hour. Most of the servers are friendly, mainly just one that isn't all that welcoming. Everyone attends to all customers whether it's their job or not. Good location, near a bunch of good places to shop or catch a movie.
5	I will be back! The bbq beef ribs were awesome! Aso had the avocado roll (was literally avocado rolled up... could use some kind of twist imo) shishito peppers (delish...not spicy) koshou beef (very different flavor- antique is the word thzt comes to mind lol- though it makes no sense).Now waiting on coffee and dessert to get here...
5	I have been a frequent diner at Kabuki for three years. This place is my favorite restaurant. I honestly have tried different Japanese restaurants all over Las Vegas and  none of them come close to Kabuki. Kabuki's waiters and waitresses are bursting with kindness and tons of personality. I always venture out and try different things on their menu and I always end up falling in love. I am never disappointed with Kabuki. I  Kabuki.
4	As always a good meal!
5	Great food great people a Little Loud but GOOD family time! Must try the shrimp And beef tempura And the sea food soup  asparagus roll dee ;P
5	I really love this restaurant! We requested the bar area we were sited right away the service was fast and polite. the food was out of this world! We ordered Dynamite role, I can truly say I am addicted to it. the Lotus Roll was very good! The atmosphere was nice. I would go back ASAP loved the place
2	2 stars for decent service. The sushi rice however, is always mushy and falling apart. I love kabuki in California and they never seem to have this problem. I've given this place multiple visits and chances to see if maybe it was just off days, but they just don't have their sushi together apparently. Work on that Alaskan roll sushi chefs! Maybe Los Angeles locations can help you have better quality sushi.The table booths seem dirty. The walls are nasty looking. The little glass separators always have finger prints. The sunshade has sauces all over them. It's dusty in table lights. Not a very clean atmosphere. What is going on with this KABUKI in Las Vegas?!
4	It's a fun place with a great location at Town Square! They have several happy hours which is always fun & cheaper. The decor is fresh & it's a busy place that is lively. The happy hour specials are a great bargain & the service is always on top of everything. When you're finished shopping or just getting started it's the perfect stop at Town Square!
5	Great place to go eat. Love 25 dollar gift card on your birthday there happy hour is amazing I love kabuki
5	Their combo entrees are great! But you have a pretty nice selection to choose from, so theres bound to be something for everyone. Fun atmosphere and good service. To top it off, you get a discount if you show them your LVAC member card.
3	Go during happy hour but I wouldn't go any time else.
2	So, I've visited both the Tivoli Village & Town Square locations and both of them receive the 2 star review. Maybe I'm spoiled after living in SF for 10 years and having some great sushi. Or maybe this place just doesn't get it. One of the more important components of a roll is the rice. It has to be perfectly sticky & be consistent in the "hold the roll" department. Both locations failed miserably at the rice. It's the basic component if this meal! The rice was either brittle, dry & fell apart or it was cold, rubbery & BLEH! Once the rice thing fell apart, it was pretty much downhill from there with flavoring & consistency. However, service at both locations was good and pleasant, our Town Square experience with Ana was great!
5	Absolutely great service, food/rolls came out quick, drinks were great, everyone was friendly & restaurant is real nice. I highly recommend this place especially if you're in Town Square. The Lotus Roll is SOOO good! It's a baked roll & it came nice & warm. And it was just oh so delicious! We also had the Albacore roll (yum), The Lotus on Fire roll (it was okay) & the Lobster Croquettes (it was okay). I usually have dessert but I was so full from dinner. Will definitely come back! They have great happy hours too. And a cook bar & lounge area. Love this place.
5	For sure it's the best sushi restaurant in vegas ! Good food and service.Highly recommended
3	Decor is great. Food, was so so. Teriyaki chicken was tough. Tempura did not have a crispy texture like it had been reheated. Service was good adding a star.
5	I know that there are a ton of choices for sushi here in Las Vegas, but Kabuki never misses the mark.  The location is good (near movies and bars that are on the south side of the strip) so most of the people that go in seem to be locals.  The prices are reasonable.  The atmosphere is great whether you are at a table or at the bar/lounge.  And the rolls are amazing.
1	Bad service, oh wait. I never got one. Got seated fast, got water fast, but didn't come with a server I guess. 15 mins and no server? Sorry!!! I left.
2	I am a kabuki usual. Moved from cali and always went to the local one. So imagine my excitement when I found one in Vegas. This one is pretty small. Walked in and was told we needed to wait 5 minutes. I'm thinking no problem, it's near the airport, and Vegas is tourist city. When we were finally seated (only 3 of us) the entire dining area had 3 tables full, the rest were empty.. why did I have to wait 5 minutes.Ordered a couple of the usual. Calamari, BSCR.. the Calamari here is better than one in cali. The BSCR here tho is not as good.When paying I gave our waitress our rewards card where I have a $15 birthday credit, And because their member system wasn't working was told I wouldn't be able to use it. The manager said I could get $5 off..uhm no, that ain't happening because it expires in 2 days. After about 5 minutes the manager finally said that she could remove few items from the bill.I don't appreciate all the drama that amounted because the system wasn't working.. it's not my fault.I probably won't come to this one, I'll have to try the summerlin location to see if I should venture all the way from Henderson or if I should find a new sushi place.
4	sushiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii! So I've come here a couple times and so far I've had a really good experience. The first time I sat at the bar and we ordered a couple rolls and some drinks. My favorite roll was the baja. It's a little spicy but so yummy. It's a spicy crab roll with a tomato salsa on top. My go to is always avocado roll. It's just simple and good and makes me happy. I've also tried the AAA box roll. It had good ingredients but when picking it up it would fall completely apart. Not so much fun. We had a couple other rolls the first time I went but nothing that stuck out at me. I went a second time with a group of friends. We grab a table and ordered our favorites to share. My friend Paris and Sam do this cute weird thing where they eat their first and last piece together... AWWW!! But that is besides the point. Paris ordered a spicy tuna crunch roll and a lotus on fire. Both were amazing. She even ate the flower. I'm a huge fan of crunch so anything with tempura crumbs is a win. My friend Theresa ordered her favorite. She got the dragon roll. It came out and I was in such awe I forgot to take a picture. It looked just like a dragon!! It also tasted like chicken. Very good. The most talked about was the Kabuki roll. Sam ordered this and had it mostly to her self, however I did try one of the orange egg looking things.. It was weird. Not my thing. My baja roll for this trip came out last and I though it would be a good idea to just stuff my face. I however did not chew the roll all the way and almost died. I had to step outside and spit out the roll before I choked. The pieces I ate after that we chew thoroughly. Kabuki has been good to me so far (aside from almost dying). Paris ended our meal by eating the flower from my bay breeze. What a crazy gal.
5	Stopped here for a light lunch before flying home. Great food. Will come back the next time I am in town
2	Wanted to try Kabuki. So we were celebrating my wife's new business start up a day early. A pre celebration party. We were very disappointed. The food definitely average. If you want great ramen, go to Ramen Sora. We were ok with the food overall. However, we were not happy with the very lacking service or almost non existent service. The initial approach was good. After that, no follow ups and waited forever to get the bill. Management needs to look into this. Also, I doubt if there was a manager present this evening.
5	Love this place! They have lunch special and happy hour at the same time when we went in.. Very good food and the place is pretty nice and the stuff are really nice as well.. We will come back for sure!!!
3	Decent food and service, not the best sushi, but not the worst either.
5	This kabuki is very prompt, kind, and caring. The servers are great, especially Gaby. She's was so sweet with our party of 30 and we had an amazing time !
4	Went here a few nights ago. We were there for happy hour. We ordered some salmon nigiri, a fried octopus and shrimp ball appetizer, gyoza, spicy tuna roll- all which were on the happy hour menu. We also ordered an albacore crunch roll -delicious! He had Sapporo and I had one of my faves, oyster bay sauv + another round. The server was friendly, the food was good and it was overall a pleasant dining experience. We left full and with a buzz for about $60 (before tip).
5	I had a good time today with all my friends,and the sushi was grea! I want to thank our server Jason  for the splendid experience and service he provided for us. (Next time you stop by to dine at kabuki ask to be sat with Jason!!)
4	In the past 3 years, we've visited family in Las Vegas 5 times.  In those 5 visits, we've eaten dinner at Kabuki 4 times.  The quality of the food is excellent.  Service is usually good.  We've only had one visit at Kabuki where service was below average.  Some of our orders were forgotten.  They accept reservations so if you're going with a party of 8 or more, I would suggest calling ahead.  They do get busy in the evening.  Price is a bit above average, but it is located in a shopping area.  My wife is a fan of the Spicy Seafood Udon Pasta.  I normally stick to the combo boxes...like the Premium Combination (Sashimi, Chicken Teriyaki and Mix Tempura) for $19.95.  I paid an extra $1 for having all Tuna Sashimi.
4	I come here a lot during happy hour just cause my bill comes out fairly cheap. The food isn't something to rave about, but it's good for the price. The service is always impeccable and they are always friendly with a smile. Hence the 4 stars. But the food is more like 2.5-3 stars. I ordered the spicy tuna, California roll, Philadelphia roll, dynamite roll, and salmon sushi. It's not too hard to make the basic rolls, so it's OK. The salmon sushi is a hit or miss. Sometimes it taste fresh, sometimes not, but it's 2.95. :) I also ordered the chicken saboro bowl (seasoned ground chicken, egg, green onions, ginger, with rice). It's a big bowl for a decent price, so it's pretty good. Overall, the food isn't to die for, but it isn't crappy either. I like this place and they have a rewards card, so make sure you sign up for one!! Points = free food!!
2	Took them more than 1 hr to bring my food, Never happened to me something like this in that restaurant... So I was very very disappointed this time.
5	Happy Hour is very good here, great sushi specials, I always get the Ka Bomb which is a must for me, atmosphere is good
3	It was decent. My girlfriend and I love sushi and have traveled for good sushi and heard this place getting rave reviews. The atmosphere is great along with decorations and service was superb. The food was below standards. Salmon nigiri a little fishy and my tuna nigiri was actually tough. Spicy tuna and spicy crab roll are cut into 6 BIG pieces instead of the normal 8. Probably won't be back due to the option of many other great sushi places in the area. 3 stars for service and overall experience.
3	Just Order a fish in four $21 this portion it's a joke!!! They put more rice than the actual fish.I was very disappointment this time even after talk to the manager they still say this is the portion.
5	Great food! Great service! A real winner! It's THE place for sushi in Las Vegas! We love Angie, the server!
4	I've been visiting Kabuki since 2012 and I have enjoyed sampling the menu.  Some of my favorites are the mozzarella rolls, the new Tokyo Quesadilla (try them before they're taken off the always changing menu), and mostly the sashimi.  They have a superb customer rewards program too, so take advantage of it.
5	The food was excellent! Service was friendly. The restaurant itself has a welcoming aura and the music is not overwhelming and rather soothing. The food came out in a timely fashion but we did go in early around opening time. They take open table reservation on the site. Another plus side is they do substitute white rice for brown rice!;-)
2	Wanted to come here for years. I finally did, and the sushi was blegh. There just wasn't much flavor. Good service though!
4	Happy hour pricing was great, but new menu and prices hikes are now in effect. Still great food. This Americanized sushi restaurant is still great. My favorite menu options consists of Sapporo beer, gold rush roll, potstickers and crab salad. Waiters are usually very friendly.And don't forget the Sake!
4	Stopped here on our way out of town. Food was amazing and they were responsive with Gluten Free needs. I tried the bloody mary made with sake and was not a fan but every dish we had was top notch.
4	Great service!  The Saki sangria was a bit "flowery" tasting.  Lotus roll was exceptional!
