5	UNREAL!  Just perfect, just like back in chicago.  Just like home.  The workers killed it today!  250+ people in front of me in line (out the door) at 130.  drive thru wrapped around building.  I was eating within 30min.  People who dont know Portillos....dont take that the wrong way.  Portillos is usually a 5-10min wait at the busiest.  Today, opening day was an exception.  Worth the wait.  The many years AZ has been without Portillos have been very sad years.  You absolutely have to go check it out if youve never experienced it.  Get a "Beef Hot", "Chicago Dog" and "Cheese Fries" and then hit the treadmill.  And again, serious props to the workers!FYI.  Gonnella bread.  Vienna beef.  giardiniera.
5	Well let me start by saying the location is more than a notion being located right of the Expressway and at the Corner of 90th and Shea. Traffic is going to a nightmare and getting out of there is going to be an even bigger nightmare especially on weekends...you can count on it. However with all of that being said it is definitely worth the trouble. This was the second opening day event I went to today (First being Krispy Kreme which I will review later) and I have to say the owners of this establishment  "NAILED IT"....wohoooo. I don't miss many things about Chicago during the 10 years I stayed there....but Portillo's was definitely one of them. The chopped salad was in a word DELICIOUS and I was hoping it would be the same way here in AZ. After waiting for a year for this place to open I was not disappointed. The staff was awesome....the drive-thru was fully staffed and not a single person was waiting out there. The outdoor seating is a bit close to the entrance and right next to the drive thru lane so they might want to look into other options with that.Back to the Chopped Salad.....as I said before just like in Chicago.....they NAILED IT. However the lady that was making them today seem to have trouble with special orders. I ordered 2 chopped salads one with no bacon.....and one with no cheese....she managed to mess that up REALLY. I didn't hold that against her or the establishment because it was opening day...but if it happens in the future they will lose a star on this review. The prices were also dead on and the establishment itself made me feel like I was in Chicago for at least a few minutes anyway. I think the people that moved here from Chicago like myself will be very pleased and for the newbies.....well I think their dining options will change once they visit Portillo's.Warning....Warning....Warning....to Chili's......Applebee's .....Mimi's Cafe....Quiznos and Culver's......there is a new kid on the Block and it's name is PORTILLO'S....WATCH OUT....WOHOOOO. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	WOW! The best beef sandwich these lips have ever tasted. I ordered a beef sandwhich w/ hot peppers, a hotdog w/ everything, & a chocolate cake shake. The prices are very reasonable & like others have said the employees busted *ss today. I will definatly be back w/ a bunch of friends. YUM.
5	Cue Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue", because the curtain just went up yesterday on a new Five Star food experience!For most Chicago food lovers, Portillo's holds a special place.  Yes, there are several hundred Italian Beef and Char Dog places up there.  But it was Dick Portillo and his family who first capitalized on turning Chicago comfort food into a culinary science.  Then they made it into a destination stop with all of the visual entertainment of their theme restaurants.  Very simply, the food was very good and it was a fun place to go.This Portillo's is no different.  Here they have a 50s/60s Retro Theme.  As I waited in line last night, it was more like a carnival atmosphere.  Of the nearly four hundred ahead of me, there was ne're a raised voice or a sad face. Everyone was laughing and telling stories.  As you entered the restaurant after forty-five minutes to an hour outside, and then realizing you had another forty-five minute wait inside -- you looked around and saw nothing but a sea of happy, satisfied customers chowing down on their favorite food.I was ordering for three, since I had two hungry somebodies waiting at home for my food delivery service.  For myself, I ordered the Big Italian Beef wet ($5.95) with sweet and hot peppers giardinera ($0.90) and Mozzarella ($0.50) and a Jumbo Hot dog ($2.99) with everything on it.  Boy, did if goof.  The prices for the food are outrageously fair and reasonable.  Heck, I left thinking they got my order wrong with all the food they gave me. Their beef sandwich was nearly a foot long and I needed to cut it in half.  There was no way any human being could finish something this big and I didn't.  The amount of beef on half, was more than double what I have had in the past at any other restaurant! They could have easily sold my half sandwich for the $5.95 that I paid.  My jumbo dog was also very good, but I should have ordered it charred instead.  It was worth the wait, everything was delicious.The other items on my family's order, were two Beef 'n Cheddar croissants for $5.25 each, another Jumbo Dog with an order of large Fries ($2.19) and onion rings ($2.09), along with four hot giardiners ($0.45) and one pop.  Our total came to $35.95, including taxes and could have easily fed four.  As I said, I goofed and over ordered by a mile!Other items on the menu that we didn't try are: the 1/3 of pound Char Burgers for $3.95, or the double for $6.19. They also have a Halibut  or Tuna sandwich $5.19, and a Veggie Sandwich for $5.35. Portillo's is famous for their Garbage Salad which is $7.69.  They also have a Chicken Caesar for $6.59.  Their Shakes are $2.69/ $3.39 and Malts $2.79/ $3.59. For something completely different, they also have Tamales $1.89 and a Tamale in a Box for $2.99.In Yelp-ese, a Four Star experience is "Yay! I'm a fan."  A Five Star is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  Before tonight, I would have said Portillo's was a Four Stars. But NOT after this evening.  To even the toughest critic or curmudgeon, they would have to admiit that this is as good as it gets!  Five Stars.Enjoy!
5	Portillos...What took you so long??? Great food, great prices! My experience in the valley has been- if a restaurant says it is Chicago style- it never comes close to what you can actually get in Chicago. We FINALLY have a REAL Chicago place- an original. And nothing has been lost in translation! I was lucky enough to be there for the test runs, and couldn't resist battling the crowds when they opened yesterday. Their employees are awesome, the food was wonderful! They bake their own bread and cakes on site. Tip- In a hurry???? Check out their drive thru if you can't wait long- my chopped salad only took 10 minutes to pick up. Favorites- Italian beef with hot giardinaire, burgers, chicken sandwiches, amazing salads and ...best chocolate cake EVER!
4	Went to the Grand Opening last night and that hour/20 minute wait was well worth it! Hands down the best Chicago style Italian Beef Sandwich I have ever had! My husband lived in Chicago for 12 years and was very happy and impressed with the food and service. It is exactly what he remembered. We had a Hot Dog and Chili Cheese dog too! Both excellent, but the Italian Beef Sandwich is what I will be coming back for!!
5	Just wanted to give MAJOR PROPS to the Portillo's Staff on their Grand Opening!  They did an amazing job to make sure things ran efficient and people got their food.  It was a bright move for the Management to not let people reserve seats until they got their food.  By doing so, it allowed everyone to have a chance to find an open seat and enjoy their meal.  The turnout for this Grand Opening was unreal.  The line was long and continued to grow throughout the night.  I got in line at around 5pm with maybe 100+ people in front of me.  My wife joined me in line 15 minutes later and I only moved maybe 20 ft.  It took about 1 hour 30 min to get our food but we had no complaints.  The line moved fairly quickly for the amount of people that were there.  There was a good control of the line, didn't notice anyone cutting or anything.  Now onto the reason why we went there.  Since it was our first time at Portillo's, the wife and I decided to try out a few things.  We got the Hot Dog with everything on it, the Jumbo Chili Cheese Dog, Italian Beef with sweet peppers and mozarella cheese, large fries, and a Large Chocolate Cake Shake.  Everything was delicious!!  Between the two hot dogs, I enjoyed the regular hot dog with everything on it instead.  The Italian beef was amazing. I will ask for gravy on the side the next time I go so I can dip my sandwich in it.  The chocolate cake shake was like heaven in your mouth.  It was that good.  I think getting a large of that is just too much sweets for even two people.  I would get a smaller size the next time.It was a great experience to be there on the Grand Opening day.  We will definitely be going back on our cheat days!
5	Of course they're getting 5 stars... They're PORTILLO'S!!I checked out the grand opening, and after a solid wait in line (I'll post pics), I enjoyed some of the best food in Chicago right here in Arizona! I'm completely stoked that Dick decided to open a couple of locations here. On the menu for me during their first day was an Italian beef, with hot and sweet peppers, and cheese fries. Their beef is now the leader of the pack in AZ. You'll be hard-pressed to find a better one out here. It's juicy, it's savory, and it's a bit messy (I had that beautiful staff dip mine to really exemplify that latter description). As for the fries, they're perfecto...just like home, and they're even better with a cup of ooey gooey cheese sauce.If you know me, you know I'm from Chicago. That said, I have to implore that you eat here if you're curious about real Chicago food. Portillo's nailed it in Chi, and they brought their best to the West for your enjoyment! Now all we need is a solid Chicago-style pizza joint to come this way... I'm looking at you, Lou.
5	When it comes to Chicago hot dogs or Italian beefs, you cant get better than Portillos!   Sure there are places around the valley to go get a Chicago dog or beef, but Portillos has them all beat hands down.  I got the Italian beef dipped with hot and sweet peppers on top, my wife had their hot dog, and we both had their crinkle fries.  This food was so freakin good, it's like we were back in the windy city.We went on opening day, and the line was out the door, and wrapped though the parking lot.  This didn't phase us, as the food is well worth the wait.  I cant estimate how many people were standing in line, but it took us about 1.5 hours to get our food.  The staff at Portillos were on top of it though! Tables were being cleaned as fast as they were being filled, cooks were sending out food as fast as possible, and all employees had very positive attitudes.Bottom line: Awesome food & great service! I cant wait to go back!
4	Delicious food... Had the Italian beef sandwich combo with sausage. Very friendly and efficient staff along with reasonable prices...definitely will be back as Portillo's may very well become my fast food to go place!In fact, I ate there twice today! I went back later on in the day and had their cheddar and beef croissant which was to die for...Also had a chocolate shake but it wasn't rich enough for my taste.The staff is very well organized and despite going back at night, we waited a very short amount of time for our food.Well...Maybe I'm not such a devoted fan after all...Last time I went thru the drive thru, they screwed up my order. I called them to let them know - and the manager said he would send me a certificate...well, I never got anything...so they're full of it...but I still like them no matter what...I don't feel like crying because the sausage was missing in action...
3	Went to Portillos in Scottsdale yesterday! Jammed parking lot, long lines of people waiting to order! the lady that took my order was friendly and helpfull! very crowded while paying and waiting for my Hotdogs and fries. The assembling of the food was fun to watch!:)) When my order was ready and found my way to table very crowded and the Ketchup was out and my Hotdogs tasty but not very hot! more like luke warm!fries were too salty and not hot but warm and nothing special! Lady manager was understanding and very nice ! Great atmosphere and fun people enjoying the NEW restaurant!! I am looking forward to going back when less crowded and try a different menu item ! Hotdog and fries at Als Beef in Scottsdale were hotter and more tasty!!
4	Had a hot dog and a beef and tasted exactly as I remember from back in Chicago.
4	I'm not from Chicago, never been to Chicago (although it's near the top of the list) and never heard of Portillo's before it opened up in Scottsdale, so I'd say I'm pretty unbiased. Tried the italian with sweet and hot peppers and gotta say: it was damn good. I might get it with extra gravy next time because it might have been a little dry, but other than that the meat was great, the peppers were great, the bread was great. My gf had the chili cheese dog and she was impressed. The place is packed, but things move along rather quickly. I have a feeling this is the kind of place I'll be craving.
4	Ordered the beef & sausage combo received the Italian beef. Disappointed was craving the combo. Still damn good.
5	Anyone that has spent any amount of time in Chicago or its surrounding suburbs knows about Portillo's.  These folks will not look to Yelp for a recommendation.  The Portillo's beef is legendary.  For those not accustomed to Portillo's this is the place to go for a true Italian beef.  I've had a few out here.  With the exception of Dazzo's Dog House I have not been impressed.  Portillo's delivers the goods.  You can also get Chicago dogs, Italian sausage, burgers, chicken sandwiches, catering, shakes, malts and killer fries.  The restaurant is large and will accommodate a lot of people even with the hoards flocking to a new restaurant. For my money you cannot beat the beef sandwich dipped with mozzarella.  It's my standard order.
5	****** Horrible Parking ......Horrible Lines ...... Horrible Hoard at Pickup Window ********                        Italian Beef Sandwich ....... Amazing                        Chopped Salad ................. Amazing                         Hot Dog Sandwich ............ So-So The Hot Dog Buns ......... Were Soaking Wet. Thus the flavor and crunch of the condiments were totally destroyed by the WET Soaking BUNS ...... Management: Here's a HINT ...... 2 Shakes of the Wrist is a cure.The Staffing overall are doing a great job ....... at keeping everything flowing. Give Portillo's a shot ....... however avoid the WET HOT DOG BUNS ...... For now.'Cause they don't shake the water off the dog ...... and to make matters worse ......they wrap the entire sandwich in paper ...... creating a Sauna like enviorment.  Can't wait for the crowds to reduce to a reasonable level.
5	Opening week Friday probably not the best time to go, but had to go to Portillo's.  The line from the door outside must have been 50 ft which did not include from the door to the counter. So we went to the drive thru which took about 12 minutes thanks to the staff. Food came out quickly and lived up to the hype. Italian Beef was very good, the Sausage Sandwich was very generous and had to get a Hot Dog to split and try a piece of each. Tried the Chocolate Cake Shake and fries which were all tasty. Will be back to try other items. One thing is when ordering, have all the items with everything the way it is suppose to be.
5	As a born & raised Chicagoan, I can definitely give it my seal of approval! The italalian beefs are juicy and quite full. The hotdogs have a traditional Chicago taste. I went to the pre-grande opening, so the burgers weren't available. But if they continue being as authentic as the Chicago based locations, they'll be giving Ted's Hotdogs a run for their money! Technically it's considered cheap for a single item, but your average meal is about $13.
5	Hello to all my fellow Chicagoians and to one and all!FINALLY ...... Portillios is here........ I warned AL'S ITALIAN BEEF  that once Portillos arrives people will see what a real CHICAGO ITALIAN BEEF tastes like....and hey AL'S....notice the price on the beef?   REASONABLE AND YUMMY!  So, PORTILLO'S has been open since TUESDAY (4 days ago) and it is MOBBED!  And for good reason.Like everyone elses reviews.... it was the BOMB!The beef was totally and competely DELISHHHHHHH!Perfectly "wet" and and ample amount of beef and the sweet and hot peppers gave it that extra burst of flavor.The hubby had a chili cheese dog which he enjoyed, but come on now....why do we really go to Portillo's?It's for the beef and DEBRA'S wonderful, creamy, rich Chocolate Cake!OMG.... The hubby thought I was crazy for talking so much about how great this cake was and after taking one bite of mine.... he quickly took possession and all that was left for me was the last bite....which was just as good as the first bite and even better than I remember it to be.The lines were massive and I commend the entire staff for moving everything along quickly and efficently.It was well worth the wait and I cant wait for the Tempe location to open.GO.....TRY......It's a MUST!  Now you can try a REAL taste of Chicago!Bon Appetite' and welcome Cubbies...to spring training
4	I have not been to Chicago therefore have not had authentic Chicago foodbut I had a great experience at Portillo's todayI had seen on Facebook a ton of my friends posting about it and suchso I thought I'd give it a go IT WAS SUPER PACKEDIt made me a little more excited because since its packed then they must be doing something right :)The line was long but Im very patient so that didnt bother me at allI didnt know what to get but a friend recommended the Italian Beef so I ordered the Italian Beef with hot peppers, fries, and a strawberry milkshakeOh, I got the sandwich dipped as wellAll of it was delicious and I will for sure go backI will try the cheese fries and a hot dog next time :)
5	So excited Portillo's is finally in AZ!! Great hot dogs, Italian Beef sandwiches and salads. Can't wait to go back again and again to try everything on the menu!!!
5	Virtual applause to you Portillo's for handling the masses so efficiently and smoothly! Word spread like wildfire when Portillo's announced that they were coming to Scottsdale. For months, Valley residents from all around waited anxiously for the doors to open. Just recently, Portillo's doors finally opened. Were they ready for the crowds? Yes they most definitely were! I've been to Portillo's in Illinois so I knew what I was in for. This Portillo's lives up to its roots. The exterior is bright and welcoming with tables all around. The drive-thru resembles that of an In & Out (in the ordering sense) and the interior reminds me of a 1950's booming diner. Everything is friendly and welcoming about Portillo's, including the staff. I heard that they brought in around 80 Chicago staffers to manage the launch of the Scottsdale opening which was very smart on their part. We visited tonight and although the line was wrapped around the restaurant, we ordered our food and got it within 15 minutes. What's their secret? Complete organization. While we were waiting in line, someone came up and took our order so that by the time we got to the register, all we had to do was hand them our ticket and pay. After that, we got a number and waited for them to call it. Within 5-7 minutes, they called our number and we were ready to feast! The food here is really as tasty as people say it is. It's all about the beef, the Italian beef that is. The beef is juicy, tender and flavorful and sits within a soft roll. The fries are delicious and the Chicago dogs are as good as any. I have yet to try the Chopped Salad or the milkshakes but I hear both are extraordinary so I will be ordering them next time. All I can say is, believe the hype and pay a visit to Portillo's. It doesn't matter if you've been to one in Illinois or not. Now we have one in Scottsdale and Shea an the 101 is a better place because of it! Welcome to the Valley, Portillo's.
5	Short of Wrigley field, I have not found a better hot dog than Portillo's.BTW cake shakes are probably the most underappreciated invention ever.Go to Portillo's, you'll love it!
5	Very good.  My Italian beef, chili cheese fries and soda were perfect.  It's amazing how they can serve so many people so quickly.  Kurt Warner was waiting in line like everyone else when I was there tonight.
4	I've been traveling to Chicago off and on for the last couple of years for work and while there I always try to hit Portillo's.  So imagine my surprise while I was in Phoenix this past weekend to discover a brand new Portillo's right there in Scottsdale.It's pretty much the same experience I have when in Chicago.  The staff was friendly and efficient which on my visit was definitely nice since the place was so busy.  Seriously, I realize it's new but I was surprised at the draw this place had.  In any case, the staff made the crowd much less of an ordeal than it could have been due to their organization.  So kudos to the management for good planning.As to the food...well I of course had a hot dog and ordered it through the garden which is basically what we'd call a Chicago dog outside of Chicago.  Hot dog and veggies!  It's healthier that way right?  My friend and I also split an Italian beef sandwich which we ordered hot and dipped.  If you've never had this culinary delight, it's like a roast beef sandwich with some hot peppers and then the whole thing is soaked in the juice from the meat.  You may have to use a fork to eat it but your taste buds won't care!  It was all very tasty. My friend who lives in Phoenix was sold and planned to go back again.  If i lived there, I'm certain I would be darkening Portillo's doors often too.  It's good food.   Really.  Go and enjoy!
4	I recently went to Portillo's on their opening night at their Scottsdale location and the place was packed! But to my pleasant surprise, the staff handled the crowd exceedingly well managing to get everyone served in a timely manner. When I arrived with my friends, I would say we were probably close to 200th in line, but we still had food on our table in about fifteen minutes. Truly remarkable. The atmosphere was fun and definitely had a 1960's Chicago feel to it. Even though the place was loaded with people, my group of about eight friends had no trouble finding a place to sit inside, as they provide seating outdoors as well. The food was pretty good. It was a good hot dog and the fries were pretty solid. I tried the chocolate cake shake... it's not for me but others at my table would swear by it. Only downside to the night was that they messed up couple of our orders, but that's completely understandable given the traffic the place was under. Overall, good place to eat, fun atmosphere, with meals as little as $5 a plate.
2	Not really very good at all.I went there for a "Real Redhot" and they even have signs of them in the place, but guess what, they don't sell them!Long wait for mediocre food. Al's Beef is betterOh yeah, and they fill your drinks and there is no drink station, so forget about ice or a refill.I won't be going back any time soon.
4	Good so far, need to work out the pick up your order section.
5	The one thing I regretted about my Chicago trip was not going to Portillos, so I was super happy when I heard they were opening one here! I guess it's not so bad after all that our state is infested with people from Illinois, they bring good food to make up for their awful driving...We got their Italian beef drenched in their sauce, it was AMAZING!! So juicy and messy! We also got their all beef hot dog with no mustard or relish and it was delicious!! I despise hot dogs and I loved their hot dog. I liked it better than the Italian beef. Their fries were perfectly salted and yummy! We meant to get their charbroiled chicken sandwich but got the fried one and it was ok. They don't have a fountain drink station in their sit down area which sucks but oh well, don't fill yourself up with soda anyway so you can enjoy the food! I had super high expectations for this place and they were met! I can't wait to go back there ASAP! They are so worth the cardiac arrest!
5	I'm sitting at one in Arlington Heights, Il now enjoying a chopped salad and I was wondering if the AZ location had opened. As the other reviews point out, you won't be disappointed. The other people with me had a beef sandwich and a double burger. I should be out there later in the year and I'll go there. Enjoy!
5	As you can see I've only done one review prior to this. It's not that I don't like things I eat its just none have been this amazing. I feel it is a must to list a review!! I'm not from Chicago, from good ol' Arizona. I had the sausage w/ Italian beef and hot peppers (pics posted) along with onions rings. Line was a bit hectic about fifty people in front of me but it goes by fast. The food was so amazing after I ate my sausage Italian beef sandwich inside, I then walked to my truck and waited in the drive through for more. Don't judge me its THAT GOOD!! Thank you baby Jesus for Portillos!!
5	Good food and fast service!
4	************* Bring Your Cell Phone With You *************                                     WHY ..... you're asking.       *********** Its so Noisy ....... You can't hear your table-mate speaking ***************                  Texting has to be the preferred means of communication at the table.         Had 2 Chicago Style Hot Dogs ....... STILL WET ....... STILL NO CRUNCH.                      If you enjoy Celery Salt ........ Bring Your Own.Met for Lunch ........ with a few Fellow Yelpers.Had a great time ........ meeting them all.
4	Whipped in here for lunch today, joined by Ursula D., Marvin A., Georgie M. and Mike C.  Arriving at 11 AM, the place was already packed.  Here was the long and short of this hot dog place for me:After waiting a little while in line to order (ok), I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich (fully dipped) and a Jumbo Hot Dog with everything, char-grilled.  Up at the register, girl advised me that it would take seven minutes for my order to come up if I wanted my hot dog char-grilled.  (Ok.)THE NOT-SO-GOOD:ABOUT HALF AN HOUR LATER my order was ready, and a lot of this time was spent standing right at the pickup counter, as there was not way in hell to hear your number called in this EXTREMELY NOISY restaurant.  It was the loudest place I have ever been in my life except near a stage with a loud band playing.  It was hard to converse with my friends at the table and ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE to talk to the staff members at the pickup counter, much less hear them call your number over the PA system!So it's ONE STAR & we're out of here, right?  Well, almost!     :-OTHINGS GET BETTER:  Finally the order came up and Manager lady apologized to me for the long wait (I could tell what she was doing by body language, not voice) & she handed me a big piece of complimentary Chocolate Cake to go with my order.  That was nice, & we're up to TWO STARS.     :-|Back over at the table, I picked up my Italian Beef & took a big bite.  WOW, it was terrific!  To make a long story short, so was the hot dog (& later the cake).  YUM!  THREE STARS!     :-)Lastly, the value was excellent (without counting the free cake).  The Italian Beef Sandwich was priced well at $5.25 and so was the Jumbo Hot Dog at $2.99.  Lots of other interesting things on the menu to try at a future date, too.  Up now to FOUR STARS!     :-)SO, I can't give this place 5 Stars this time because of the very long wait to order & receive the food, plus the extreme loudness, but there was nothing negative to say about the food here.  What I had was all just great, & there are enough other tempting treats on the menu to keep someone coming back for a long time without getting tired of the place.  Next time I'll arrive at opening time of 10:30 (the same as you have to do at In-N-Out) & that just might get them up to 5 Stars.  The food certainly did IT'S part today!     :-))
4	Had lunch here today withUrsula D. Marvin A.Georgie M. and Rand H. Well I had the Italian beef sandwich (wet) and a jumbo dog Charred and a piece of chocolate cake. Everything I ate was very good. I would have given this place 5 stars if they managed the busy place a little better. They call your number over a P A system when your food is ready and it is very hard to hear to say the least.They need boards like the D.M.V. that say now serving 143 at window 5. If they had that you would at least be able to see when your order was ready.I take away one star for that ,but the food here is as good as it gets (5 stars) yummm.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Its just about as good as Chicago!!  I'm so glad!Even the workflow is the same, they take orders before you get to the register and your food is ready in no time.  Its awesome!PLUS because we're not in Chicago they even have a nice patio area so you can enjoy your food outside!  Pricing's the same too!SO HAPPY!
4	I FINALLY made it in to the ever popular Portillo's.  I wanted to go for the opening night UYE, but it was just too cold for my thin blood.  So, I waited to go here for a Yelper luncheon.  I met up with  Mike C., Georgie M, Rand H and Marvin A.  Only girl in the group and that was fine by me!  What an amazingly delicious place.  I left there thinking, I understand the excitement.  What's baffling to me is how a place so big can do, at least, one thing so well.  This was my first time taking a "dip" in the Portillo's family of restaurants.  I've been to Chicago plenty, lived in the burbs for a short while, but never heard of Portillo's.  No matter, what I lacked in hearing, I made up for in tasting yesterday.  Oh yeah... this place has been open about 3 or 4 weeks now and the crowd has yet to die down.  I highly doubt that the crowd will.  At any rate, I get there just before 11am and you can tell by noon the place would be packed.  There was a very short line that I hop in to place my order.  I checked out the menu before I arrive and then I wrote down my order so when it was time to order, I just read off my little piece of paper.  But, to be honest, I don't know where their menu is displayed.  I did try to take a last minute peek to see if I wanted to change my order, but I remember thinking, " I don't see the menu, just stick to the script."  I pay and then I wait for my number to be called.  The place is REALLY REALLY LOUD, so you definitely need to pay attention for you number to be called.  I ordered the half sausage/half beef sandwich - Dipped baby Dipped and with hot and sweet pepper and mozzarella cheese!  What a simply delicious sandwich.  I RARELY eat bread, but I wanted to devour the bread.  the bread was firm, yet soft.  It has a subtle hint of Italian spices that you can definitely taste.  I highly recommend adding the mozzarella cheese for that reason.  I wish I had my sandwich DOUBLE DIPPED!  or more gravy on the side!   I didn't enjoy the sausage, and I would never order that again.I also ordered the fries.  This is where I kinda got irritated.  YOu can't order a salad for less than 5 dollars there.  I wanted a simple side salad with my sandwich.  I need a reasonable option to make up for the calorie bomb!  But they don't offer a small salad, so I ordered the fries.  Definitely some of the best tasting fries I've had in quite sometime.  The perfect amount of salt with a crisp exterior while hiding the soft warm middle.  I will definitely go back.  I hope sooner than later.
5	A taste of home - without the snow and wind. They do it right. The quality is consistently high, servings plentiful and reasonably priced. Don't be afraid of a long line they move it through with amazing efficiency.The Italian Beef, sweet with extra gravy is my go to. I've heard that the salads are great but that just seems wrong to this Chicago girl.Oh and the chocolate cake - not too sweet, creamy frosting - yummmmmm
4	What an experience - that's all I can say after a recent trip to the new Portillo's in Scottsdale!  We decided to brave the crowds on a Saturday afternoon before a spring training game.  Thanks to an early game we got a good start at Portillo's around 11AM, which I think SOMEWHAT helped with the crowds.  Thankfully we found a parking spot quickly and hurried into the line that was already outside the door.  Inside was PACKED and a bit overwhelming for a person who isn't too keen on crowds.  After placing our order one person in our party stayed in line to pay and two of us looked for a seat.  It took a good 10 minutes walking back and forth to finally get a seat.  People were pushing and shoving the whole time - not fun.Once we finally were sitting and our food was received, we all calmed down and scarfed our food.  I had a hot dog, which was fab.  I really enjoyed it!  The fries were great as well... only wish we would have gotten more!  The Hubs had an italian beef sandwich and we really liked it.  He got it plain and said next time he wants peppers for sure.We all really enjoyed the food here, though the crowds were CRAZY!  Not sure it will get any better anytime soon, but perhaps in the future when I am brave again we will give this place a second go around.  For now, I will wait to see if the masses die down.... I doubt they will!
5	mmmm... delicious
4	I saw a line out the door when I was on my way home from work the other day, so I figured it must be a great place.  I checked out the menu online and decided I wanted to take my parents over there to try it.  Now my dad loves Italian beef sandwiches, so i usually take him to Luke's across the freeway.  So sorry to Luke's for trying something new.  We got there about 11:30 am, just right before the lunch rush but looks like that started pretty early.  The outdoor patio was full with customers and the line inside was pretty long.  Now let me tell you that I've never seen so many people working in a restaurant before but it was definitely needed!  The first thing you have to do is get in line to order your food.  Keep in mind that if you want salads, you would need to go to two different areas to pick up your food.  But like I said, there are lots or people working that its pretty quick for the order coming out.  Finding a table was no that big of a problem, so I had the Asian chicken salad and my dad had the Italian beef.  My mom and nephew had the Chicago style hot dogs.  The salad was very good and a good portion and i took a bite of the Italian beef and it was awesome.  You have a choice of having your Italian beef sandwich dipped in Au jous to make the meal more juicy which is what i recommend.  The place is very good but is you want to avoid the lunch crowd, come after 12:30pm, that's when the crowds kinda lighten up.
4	I love Portillo's, and I'm a big fan of their Beef sandwich and salads, I stop by during the first week they opened and the line was not bad. It was nice to see all the folks from the Naperville, IL location that I had not seen in about 3 years. The food was great! It was everything I remembered from the good and the bad! The Good: Food taste was the same, the Beef has great flavor that I have yet to taste when eating other Beef sandwiches from around the US. The Bad:My order was incorrect, funny thing is I'm use to it from the Naperville location so it was funny that this location made the same error. But overall the food is great and the experience for me is the same which is great and I'm glad they are in town!
5	Can I get a sweet jesus or even a hell ya!!! Best hot dog I have EVER had!!!This place is super cute! I love the way it's set up, very open, fits a ton of people, cute little patio out front, they have a convenient drive through and have a great mix of old school/Chicago decor, set up in a modern way (if that makes any sense)The menu is larger then I thought it would be there are salads, hamburgers, chicken sandwiches and of course hot dogs!! I decided to go with the Jumbo Chili Dog, Cheese fries and a drink! Wish I had room for dessert, or a chocolate shake! Definitely going to order that next time! A lot of places over cook hot dogs, or have awful tasting chili they pile on top. It's nice to actually get a perfectly cooked/juicy hot dog, on a delicious seasoned bun, with flavorful chili! Ohhh and the fries! I LOVE crinkle fries.... a lot of places stopped serving them! Portillos hit home with me with the crinkle fires! Nice and crispy, crunchy, the way crinkle fries should taste!Overall great experience! This place is very laid back, casual, family and date friendly! The staff is very courteous and welcoming! Worth the lines and the kayos! I recommend going later at night around 9pm is when we went (I know that is late to eat) but there were no lines, received our food in about 5 minutes, sat and enjoyed each others company while people watching and took the long drive home!This specific location is about and hour away from my house, but certainly worth the drive! I can't wait for them to open up their new location this summer at Tempe Market Place!Great night! Thanks for finally making it to AZ Portillos!
5	Quite simply, the best.
3	Only adequate.  There are several better hot dogs in the valley.  See Ted's for a similar priced dog that will blow your mind, or The Main Ingredient Ale House for a top notch "fancy" dog.The beef sandwich is fine, but it's not something to bring me back.  It's kind of fun having a sogged sandwich disintegrate in your mouth like bread thrown to ducks.  But it's also kind of like eating duck-grade bread.  The gravy/jus is flavorful but the meat isn't anything special.  Tender and well prepared but not much to it.  Compared to a good cheesesteak, the beef sandwich lacks character. Poor onion rings.  Crunchy, yes, but they were all coating, no onion.Good price to value ratio.  Neat restaurant interior, but it's a zoo.  Friendly staff, fast service at 8PM on a weeknight.
4	This was the second time I've eaten from Portillo's and the first time I've been here.  I must say, they have this down to a science.  When I arrived the line started only a few feet inside the door (that's what I get for going there at lunch time).  The drive through line had over 12 cars in it.  At this time I almost abandoned my lunch from here.  I'm glad I didn't.  From walk-in to walk-out was only 15 minutes.  If you never been there, they take the orders at the back of the restaurant.We were handed a menu when we walked in, as we got close to the register our orders were written onto a bag so all we had to do was hand it to the person at the register.  We were then directed to the pickup counter and given a number.I can't say how many people we in front of us, it was a lot, but the staff keep things moving.  There was someone at the front calling out numbers ready for pickup and keeping things moving and most importantly keep people from hanging on the counter while they waited, making those getting their food difficult.  She was very pleasant and interjected humor in all the right places.  I will admit that I have waited longer at other so called fast food establishments for lower quality food.  As my daughter and I were picking up lunch for mom/wife, we were only a few minutes behind schedule and this stop made it worth it.  Another couple having lunch near us was in awe that we had brought in Portillo's.The food was good, the malt was great and lunch was perfect.
3	I gave into the hype and met some girlfriends at Portillo's the other night for dinner...Perhaps I had high expectations from both the Yelp reviews I'd read prior and all of my Chicago friends raving about this institution that they grew up frequenting.  Unfortunately, I didn't realize that a few weeks after the grand opening, Portillo's would still be a zoo!  It's huge and lines weren't long, so I can't complain about that, there were just tons of people (both patrons and employees) everywhere you turned.  I didn't love the layout either...I'm usually all about fast casual concepts and ordering at a window, but I hated that there are three different areas to pick up your food.  It varies depending on if you order salads, hot food, and/or dessert.  And you have to wait for your number to be called and then go pick it up from the appropriate window.  It's hard enough to hear your number being called and then it's tough because you have to leave your group to go get your food; hence, not a relaxing start to a meal...Amongst my group of three, we had a hotdog, a chicken sandwich (the breaded one on the croissant), a bowl of chilli, a barbecue chicken salad, and two large fries (one with cheese and one without).  We also had a lemonade and several bottles of water.  I will say that prices are very reasonable, and the food was fine -- not amazing though.  I felt like it was a glorified fast food restaurant; nothing to make me rush back, although I am sure I'll eventually make my way back to try some of the other things on the menu.  (The other salads looked good and I hear great things about their desserts).Again, I wasn't a fan of all of the chaos -- perhaps that will die down eventually?  There were a ton of staff, but none of them were super friendly or helpful.  Guests are supposed to clear their own tables - we learned that when we asked.  Portillo's doesn't offer a kids' menu (although considering the prices, that's fine), and no refills on drinks either.  I think if you go in with expectations for a higher end McDonald's, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	Always perfect, every time we go. Just like Chicago! My boyfriend and I were die-hard fans of Portillo's in Illinois. It's amazing how easily you can forget how good, simple food and classic ingredients can be.Italian Beef, extra dipped is my go-to. Matthew adds Mozzarella to step it up. He sometimes dips it in ketchup... I don't know why, but he loves it! And I love him!Thanks, Portillo's, Love Matthew and Bree
5	So I used to live in Chicago where every week we would have portillos. Well we moved to Arizona where portillos did not exist and my dreams shattered. When they opened this up, i was so happy you wouldn't even know. I had roast beef and a hot dog, and they tasted just like in Chicago! It was amazing! So go here to taste a good roast beef or a hot dog
3	To be honest, the place isn't all it's cracked up to be, and for a few reasons. 1. Everyone here (and by everyone I mean the customers) are SO bitter! Probably because they have to wait in a 30 minute crowd standing shoulder to shoulder with strangers, but seriously. Everyone is so grumpy and has such an attitude! Normal people turn into vultures hunting and pecking for tables, a spot at the ketchup dispensers, or at the registers and do whatever it takes to get what they want, even at the expense of other diners. It makes the experience a little less pleasant. 2. The whole place seems to lack organization. Not that the restaurant is dirty or disheveled, but the way it is set up doesn't make sense, considering the high volume of people it gets. The line literally wraps around the dining area, and makes it virtually impossible for people to get inside the area where the tables are to find seating. Also, the restaurant is divided into sections. A salad area, a place to order your sandwiches, hot dogs, etc, and then a dessert area. Why can't you just order all at once without having to navigate through crowds of people?3. The food is just okay. In our party, we ordered the Italian beef sandwich with roasted peppers and mozzarella, a hamburger, side of chicken tenders, cheese fries and regular fries. The sandwich was apparently decent. Not the best my boyfriend has had, but definitely not the worst. The hamburger was also good, but then again, they're not a hamburger joint, and how hard is it to mess up a hamburger. The chicken tenders were something like what you'd find at a Safeway deli. This doesn't mean that they were bad-- they were just average. Not to mention, one of the chicken tenders in the box (each box is a 4-piece) was about the size of a McDonald's chicken nugget, if not smaller. The one thing that caught me was the two orders of fries.. With the cheese fries, you get a normal order of fries with a cup of fake nacho cheese-esque sauce, that you're supposed to dip your fries in or whatever. I would have definitely preferred a cheese that was either melted on top or that had a bit more flavor. And the fries themselves, by looks and taste, were somewhat like the crinkle-cut fries that you'd find in the frozen food section of your local grocer. Regardless, they still have a really cute atmosphere/decor: that of a 50's/60's Chicago-style diner, and their staff seems to know most of what they're doing. I would go back because their prices are great ($3.65 for a decent-sized burger), but it would be under the conditions that 1. the weather is nice because it's a 50/50 chance that you'll be sitting outside, and 2. that I have a solid hour, hour and a half to blow considering the line to order and the wait to get your food and then find a table. Anyhow, to sum it up: not great, not terrible. Just average.
4	I don't eat beef so I was thinking I was going to miss out.  But lo and behold, boy was I wrong.  This place has got one huge menu of choices which usually I'd frown upon but this place seems to be doing pretty good.  I had their char-grilled italian sausage and it was darn yummy.  GOt it with gianderia which are pickled hot veggies.  They weren't as spicy as I like but it was still good.  But there was something about the sausage that was yummy.  Their bread was perfectly crusty and homemade.  I think they lightly dip the bread in the drippings just enough to really flavor it.  It tasted buttery good.  My bf got the same thing and a chicago hot dog.  He said the sausage was so much better.  Made me glad I wasn't missing out on the hot dog :). For you vegetarians, they had options for you too.  THere is a veggie sandwich which looked really good.  They've got salads here too.  Overall, pretty good first experience.  But darn crowded and we came on a Monday out of all days!
3	A friend and I ran a 5k last night so we decided to indulge in Portillo's for dinner. We made out way over and while it looked busy, there wasn't a long wait to order or pick up our food. I decided to try the beef n cheddar and fries and my friend had a chili dog. Our food was ready after not too long and we grabbed a table and dug in. Unfortunately, the fries and lemonade far outshone the sandwich. It looked and tasted as though it had been preprepared and was sitting in a warmer. It was warm, not hot, and there was little cheddar to be found. My friend was equally unimpressed with his hot dog. For the price though, it wasn't a total rip off. On our way out, I grabbed a chocolate cake shake and he got a strawberry shortcake. Those definitely redeemed our experience and I loved the shake. Maybe they are experiencing a lack of quality control in the kitchen since opening up? I'll probably try the Tempe location once it opens up but I was less than impressed with my first time here.
4	Man, this place is run like a well oiled machine for sure, almost military style! I had been dreading coming here as I am not a fan of crowds or lines. There are always crowds and long lines here, but don't let that discourage you, they really do go fast. From the items I've had I would recommend the Italian beef sandwich, the cheese fries and the chocolate cake shake. Not so much the chili cheese fries, or the croissant beef sandwich- they were OK, but I think the portions are on the smaller side, and the meat lacks some flavor. But don't get me wrong, its good grub and all. Its just all the crazy hype holds it up too high, and its hard to meet those expectations. Tip - they ship their food all over the US- how cool is that?
5	It's Portillos! It's Chicago! It's excellent! How could you go wrong with the Italian beef or a Chicago hot dog. This is the quintessential Chicago joint to get the best of Chicago. Arizona is lucky to have a couple of these around!
5	So good! Chili Cheese dog and chess fries I always order. They get you in and out of there. Run just like the ones in Chicago I have gone to. Kinda far for me so worth the drive!
5	Just as good as the IL-born stores. So glad they finally came out here. If you never have checked out portillos and like the old time 50s style diner motif-with truly the best hot dogs, you need to check this place out!
4	I got my taste of Chicago. Had the Italian Beef with sweet peppers, mozzarella and extra gravy. They pile the beef on. Sandwich was so big my wife couldn't even finish her sandwich. The bread is so fresh. Also got the fries and a chocolate cake shake. Oh my goodness. The shake so so good. You got to try it. The staff was nice and friendly. Some of the staff had that Chicago attitude. I loved this place. I will be back very soon.
5	Had the Italian Beef today and it reminded me of the good ole days in Chicago. Moving to Phoenix made me miss all my favorites from Chicago. The Italian Beef was sheer heaven! Went through drive thru and and our order was perfect. Employees were friendly and knowledge. I will definitely be back!
5	Well hello portillos.....it's been a long time coming....This place is the best when it comes to Italian beefs.   Don't forget to tell them to dipp it bring on the peppers.  Oh and chocolate cake shake on the side....Now lets just wait for Harold's chicken :)
3	I really don't understand what all the hooplaa (a teynical term) is about. We stopped in for a quick lunch with the parents last week and we were less than impressed. We enjoyed what we ordered, but I wouldn't drive more than 5 minutes to eat there. I had a chopped salad, it was alright, the dressing was good, but too much of it. My hotdog bun was pretty much wet. Everyone said the was because it had been in a steamer or something... if this is what people in Chicago call a good hot dog, they must not get good food often. I guess the Italian Beef is what all the rage was about, but none of us partook in any of the beef sandwiches, maybe we will give it a whirl next time. I also don't get the drive through right next to the patio like that..... yeah that's just what I want with my sandwich a lung full of exhaust fumes. Awesome!All in all it was alright foo.... but I wouldn't go out of my way.
5	Get the large beef sandwich dipped with peppers and all is good in the hood!! The manager chatted us up while waiting in line as first timers, the atmosphere is fun and the food callers keep you entertained. Was my 1st time but won't be my last, we got beefs, dogs, fries, and rings and it was tasty!
1	Why is America getting fatter?  Why is Portillo's busy? Answer one question and you probably answer the other. I stood in a long line, placed my order, endured endless number-calling ("54, your order is ready ..."), sat on an uncomfortable chair, ate food straight from the wrapper, listened to more relentless number calling, suffered without a cold beer to make everything seem better (no alcohol license!), then dumped a massive amount of waste into the garbage (this place is as green as a polystyrene factory - if the order is not 'to go', could they not place the food on a plate?!).  My Italian sausage was edible, the fries were OK. My partner's sandwich was disgusting - wet, disintegrating bread. I got home and for several hours my stomach was in shock ... I probably had more salt that night than in the week preceding! Why, oh why, is this place so popular?  I mean, sure, the competition in the 'hood is Red Robin, Applebees, and Mimi's Cafe - three establishments fighting for the bottom of the barrel spot - but still ... long lines ... for this?!  I am glad to see a good source of employment for the local retirees who work there, but other than that - not for me!
4	Damn fine for a drive-thru.  I expected the hot dog to be robust, but it was thinner than a typical bar-s hot dog.  They do not skimp on the toppings though, very fine!  The italian beef was better than average, but short of remarkable.  All in all, Damn fine for a drive-thru.
4	My wife, daughter and I braved the lines and the cold to be here on opening night. We met up with a great group of Yelpers for Georgie's UYE. Thankfully, those aforementioned Yelpers had saved us a spot in the INCREDIBLY long line. I mean, seriously...I think I overhead people speaking of their wait time in hours...plural. That's ridiculous. I don't know that I've ever seen people that excited for a hot dog.While we waited, we witnessed the amazing employees making their way through the crowds (both in the parking lot waiting to get in, as well as the seemingly endless lines of cars making their way through the drive-thru). Portillo's DEFINITELY has their stuff together when it comes to managing the masses. After our sojourn through the crowds, we finally made it inside. By this time, we had already chosen our food, and were just waiting to make it to the register. That gave us quite a bit of time to take in the sights. Now, being that I'm not from Chicago, I had to lean heavily on my great company for authenticity. According to the two greatest kings this city has known, Portillo's definitely gets an A+ in that department. Apparently, each Portillo's has it's own special theme. This one has a 50's retro vibe. After all...retro is cool again. Go figure.As I've mentioned before, I'm not a HUGE fan of hot dogs. They're alright, they're just not my favorite. My wife and I each got the Supreme dog...which we thought would be...I don't know, supreme, I guess. Ultimately, it was sizable, but for something to be called "supreme",  I guess I just expected a lot more. It wasn't much bigger than the Ballpark Franks you can buy at the grocery store. It probably didn't help that my hot dog was on a table next to a GARGANTUAN beef sandwich. Talk about buyer's remorse...but, I digress.For me, the best part of this place was the dessert. We ordered the Chocolate Cake Shake. I thought it would just be a chocolate shake that magically tasted like chocolate cake. Little did I know, they actually take a piece of some of the richest chocolate cake I've ever tasted, mix it with ice cream, and stir it all up. If ever there was a dessert that made me want to immediately get tested for diabetes, this was it. It was SO thick! I ended up having to eat the last bits of it with a spoon. This shake is definitely a game changer!If you're a Chicago native (which there seem to be a lot of out here), then you'll undoubtedly love this place. If you're a hot dog enthusiast, you'll probably like it, too. If you don't really like hot dogs, then what are you doing here in the first place?  And if you love an AMAZING chocolate cake shake, then you'll DEFINITELY love it!
5	i know that portillos is known for their hot dogs and italian beef but i must say that their salads are great! a little disorganized in the drive through but that was during their opening week, i have been back since and am happy to say that the food and service are A1.  reminds me of back home.
5	Italian Sausage sandwich is yummy. They are very efficient. It was busy as can be and they were able to prepare my good quickly and efficiently. I highly recommend Portillos to my friends & family!
5	Awesome food and service when there. The staff was very polite, and despite the place being packed on a Sat afternoon, they kept lines moving, and allowed people to get their food quickly.The Italian Beef def fit the Chicago mold, and was well crafted and flavored. The employees cannot be praised enough for their care of the product and the food.If you actually care about food, and appreciate quality, and especially if you are from Chicago, Portillo's is a must
5	Love Portillo's! I used to go to the Buena Park, CA location all of the time before moving to Arizona. So glad they opened one in Scottsdale!
4	It's kind of like In-N-Out for mid-westerners.  Good meal that regional nostalgia sort of inflates.  Does serious  business.  Very good Italian beef.
5	First things first:  you go to Portillo's for the Italian beef, hot dog or chocolate cake shake.  If you are not from Chicago, this is something you need to know.  I've read some reviews by people who claim they don't understand the hype - don't order a salad! (Their chop salad is, however, delicious)You gotta get the beef dipped with sweet peppers.  Some go for cheese, but honestly I think that just takes away from the amazingness of the beef itself.  I guess I'm pretty simple. A helpful tip to avoid the crazy crowd:  go right when they open!  That's what we did and it was easy breezy and quiet.  Late "breakfast" or an early lunch - if you don't want to wait it out in the long lines, get there as early as possible.  We got there at 11am and it was getting pretty crowded by 11:30. It's worth it.Having a Portillo's here means one less thing on my To-Do list when I go home to visit!Love it!
5	Absolutely delicious. Been there 6 times in the last 10 days. Had everything on menu from a chili cheese dog to chocolate  cake shake(just amazing) you can not go wrong here no matter what you order. If you are like me and from back east where the good food lives you will get a smile with every bite thinking you are back home til you realize it's 120 outside and reality sets in but good thing is you'll be full... Lol
5	Best Chicago-style hot dog. Ever.  Period.  I'm so glad they opened here in AZ.  You can't see it, but I have a huge smile on my face!Worth noting, the beef and cheddar croissant is absolutely to die for.   Get it with sweet peppers if you really want to experience heavenly bliss!
1	ridiculous waste of time   disorganized zoo 1 star only for the people watching
5	First of all, anyone posting about salads at Portillo's should stop posting.  Who rates a restaurant on their salads??And yes there are a lot of Chicagoans who are homesick for foods/establishments from our city.  Because we actually have iconic foods and establishments as opposed to Phoenix.  If you want a good burger avoid  In N Out burgers which are dull and overrated, go to Fat Burger, Greasewood Flats, or San Tan Flats instead.  Portillo's offers an amazing Chicago style beef sandwiches (although in Chicago Mr. Beef's and Al's are better).  We miss good beef sandwiches, great pizza, great hot dogs.  We're tired of Mexican restaurants which are a dime a dozen.  The only REALLY great Mexican restaurant in the area is The Barrios on 16th and Thomas.
2	I know this place rocks in Chicago, but hopefully back there, it taste a lot better. I recently went and waited forever for a big beef and fries. My stomach was messed up for 2 days after that. In all reality this is just nasty fast food that people think is somewhat amazing.
4	Very good food I will be back again
3	I've been here twice and will return.  I've only had the hotdogs, so I can't speak to the remaining menu.  The hotdog I had was really good!  I very seldom eat meat, but was craving a good 'ole fashioned hotdog and Portillo's did the trick! It's a busy, chaotic atmosphere, but the service is really fast.  Parking is sometimes a challenge as it's located in a huge shopping area; be careful.......some people aren't very pedestrian aware!
1	The place is packed. Disorganization is rampant. The hot dogs were tasteless and cold.I honestly think they forgot to cook the hot dog as it was COLD~ not room temperature! ( I was nauseous later that day.)  They had another order mixed with ours so we had extra which we threw out. .Total chaos inside. There are several lines for ordering food, paying the cashier and then everyone waits for the order to be called. It is like a cattle call. There is no orderly flow from one to another. People have to push there way through in order to pick up their order which bottle necks at one point   I can not understand the hype.Positively there is not much to say except they have interesting   menus and atmosphere (signage etc). . In summary, this place has built up an image from its past. Can people be so desperate to wait for mediocre food, crowded conditions and total chaos?  Perhaps not all Portillos are run the same? I would skip this joint. I give it an "F!" Unless they clean up their act, I honestly don't see how this place can make it in the long run. I don't think Scottsdale people will in the long run tolerate this substandard establishment. I tried it out of curiosity and hype. Once was plenty. Thank goodness for alka seltzer! Argh!
2	Italian beef sandwiches had no flavor what so ever, hot dogs were very good but if I was going on a pilgrimage for great hot dogs I would drive the extra few miles and go to Ted's in Tempe.
2	"Hot Dog" is in the name and I am only going to Review the Hot Dogs.Here I am going to "go against the grain" with a mediocre Review of a New Restaurant receiving mostly good Reviews.Okay, so maybe I am a "Hot Dog Snob" from the East Coast, where everyone knows there is only one brand of Hot Dog that can stand up to being boiled instead of grilled. (The "Dirty Water Dog" is the Sabrett brand, in Natural Casing).In fairness to this new location and because I love Hot Dogs I tried three varieties:                        With everything! (The Chicago way)                        With Mustard and Relish only (My favorite)                         Chile Cheese DogLet me say, the "Toppings" are terrific. The problem is with the Hot Dog itself. Far too mild, no beefy taste (Bordering on no taste), overwhelmed by the toppings and with very little "snap" when biting into it.Probably in the minority, but just NOT as good as the size of the Restaurant and the reputation would indicate.Ted's is still the "Hot Dog Of Choice" in Phoenix and they are from Buffalo, New York. Willing to venture to Maricopa for the BEST BOILED HOT DOGS EVER (Sabrett)? If so, go to Al's Dogs located next to O'Reilly Auto Parts on John Wayne in Maricopa. Better call first to be certain they are open: (520) 357-3647
5	I love Portillo's! I had it at the downtown location in Chicago on a recent trip then went to this location a week after the grand opening and the Chili Dogs tasted just as good.
3	I know that you're from ChicagoAnd I know you may taste goodBut I just can't be this hungry anymorePortillo'sDon't call my name.Don't call my name, Portillo'sI'm just a YelperI'm just a Yelper, Fortillo'sDon't wanna kiss, just want a biteJust want some fries and onion ringsDon't call my name.Don't call my name, Bortillo'sPortillo'sPortillo'sPorta porta tillosPorta porta tillos(Lyrics - Lady Gaga - Alejandro)Portillos is now a chain around the nation, but its origin is very simple back in Chicago.  Seems like all my Chi-town peeps love this place and can't get enough of it.  I always joke why this place has all the hype is because Chi-town folks have big mouths!  LOL -- gotta love my Chicago peeps!  Needless to say, this place is slamming with patrons salivating to get a taste of a Chicago style hotdog!  The place itself has nostalgic signs hanging from the ceiling and walls.  I gather these are all old school Chicago neighborhoods or Chicago based signage; along with some vintage photography.  Not too easy on the eyes, but whatever!I ordered the Chicago Style dog of course along with some cheese fries and onion rings.  I also had a taste of their Polish dog too.  I thought the Polish dog was okay at best.  It was just grilled onions on a polish dog and bread -- um okay.  The Chicago style is always my favorite.  Pickles, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos and a hot dog.  You thought I was gonna sing the Big Mac song didn't you!?  Truthfully, I thought the hot dog was okay at best.  I think it was over hyped and you can get this "Chicago Style" hot dog anywhere in the valley that sells "Chicago Style" hot dogs.  I think it's say that this place was the talk of the town when it first opened and sadly it didn't deliver!  It's like watch Transformer 2 and 3 -- what the heck happened!? At the end of the day, I think if you haven't experienced it yet, then I would recommend this place.  However, you're if you're expecting miracles in your palates and the site of a food deity, then please pass on by cause it's not your religion. - Enjoy!
5	Always busy but incredibly efficient. If you haven't been to Portillo's yet....GO! I always get the Italian beef (add hot pep, moz, grilled onions and gravy on the side), fries and a root beer. People love the chocolate cake (it's fine...but it's boxed cake and canned frosting so let's not get too excited), but I would say get a shake or malt as a treat instead. I could eat here multiples times per week if I didn't think it would kill me. Also, if you're into salads - the Portillo's chopped is awesome! But let's be real, if you're choosing between a salad and Italian beef, beef will always win!
4	Whoever runs this place is incredibly good at his or her job.  I've never seen anything like it.  You walk in and there's A TON of people.  You give your order within 2 minutes, pay, and your food is ready 5 minutes later.  And it's delicious.  The only minor issue is it's pretty tough to find a place to sit.
3	I grew up in the western suburbs of Chicago and was quite happy to have this institution come west.  Sorry, it's just not the same.  Onion rings are still great, but the beef was just okay.  For my money, I'll take the beef from Rosati's at Warner and McClintock over this hyped up fast food.  Certainly won't go out my way for it again.
3	Nice place to eat but it's always crowded and sometimes hard to find a place to sit. Hopefully it won't be as bad when the Tempe Marketplace location opens. Food is good and they definitely are good with crowd control. I would go back again but maybe earlier in the day.
5	Oh.....My.....Goodness!!! Cheap and greasy and love in a bag. We ordered ahead to-go (which was recommended by a coworker). When we got there - it was the busiest restuarant I've seen for lunch probably ever. And they were flipping tables quick. The line was fast and efficient.
1	Absolute garbage. The rolls were soaking wet, the beef sandwich was painfully bland, and their hotdog was what I would expect at an elementary school cafeteria. Horrible.
3	Stopped in on a Saturday evening with a party of 8. We were lucky enough to hit it between the waves of people. Between everyone in our group, we had italian beef, hot dogs, cheeseburger, a salad, and chicken fingers for the kids. The general consensus- its good. Is it worth the drive from Gilbert? probably not. The prices are good, they move people through at a fast pace so even if the line seems long it moves pretty quickly. I think that there are other places out there who do hot dogs and italian beef just as well, its more the experience that makes Portillo's special.
5	Love the Chicago jumbo dog and garbage salad. Will go back often. Employees are really nice and efficient.
3	My review is based on the food and take out experience. 1st the food - had Italian beef, chili dogs, cheese fries and onion rings,  Food was good, portions a bit on the small side.  The large fries were not that large (ok maybe I am getting spoiled by Five Guys).  Thought the Italian beef could have used something else, I did get the peppers added, but they should also include grilled onions.BUT, they FORGOT the gravy on the side  for the Italian beef.  And this after I ordered it, and even read back the order when we picked it up, and confirmed that they included with the order.  And when we got home, NO gravy (I think they got confused, as we ordered cheesy fries, and probably thought that was the gravy).  How can you have an Italian beef without the gravy.  Very disappointed that they forgot it.Take out is easy, very friendly staff.  Next time, will double check the gravy.
5	Go early.Get the hotdogs.You won't regret it.
2	Having grown up in Chicago, I have very fond memories of Portillo's. Perhaps Portillo's changed since branching out or perhaps my memory distorts the truth. Going to Portillo's in Scottsdale was like watching the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as an adult--I don't know what I ever saw in this.To begin, I visited twice: once during peak hours and once in between the lunch and dinner rush. During peak hours, the wait was long, I was scolded for taking a picture inside, the order was incorrect, and the burgers were similar in quality to Wendy's. The second visit wasn't much better. I entered the drive through to see more attendants than cars and waited 15 minutes for a cheeseburger with only one car ahead of me. Upon arriving home, the fries were only half full, the soda was mostly ice, and the burger was a soggy mess of mayo and ketchup. I took three bites of the burger and tossed it in the trash.The food doesn't live up to the hype or the price. I will not be returning.
4	If you like burgers that taste like they just came off of dad's backyard grill, then this is the place to go. Never have I found in a restaurant a burger that tasted so similar, but I found it here. And that's the only way I can describe it, really. I can't even remember how the rest of my food tasted, I was so enthralled with the deliciousness of my burger that anything else in front of me was irrelevant. They have a completely separate counter for ordering desserts, so try not to fill up like I did so you can experience that!My roommate is a Chicago native so as soon as she caught wind of this place we immediately headed over for her to relive memories of her childhood. The place was unbelievably packed - the line was consistently out the door and winding around the dining area - but it was worth the wait. In fact, I have yet to drive by when they aren't seriously busy, but perhaps that is a testament to their food. For the line being so long, it didn't take too long. The decor is retro styled and set up like classic diner-meets-backyard picnic and suited the food they serve there well.
3	So I was spending some time at a local watering hole on a Monday Night with Gorilla Joe, and after being harassed by a drunken buffoon, we ran into a strapping young lad by the name of James (Jimmy) Darmody. Jimmy was/is a Marine, and after his service he is now going to school and working part time at Portillo's. He invited me by the shop, and I since I worked in North Scottsdale, I was more than willing to oblige.It took him a moment to remember seeing me from the night before, but  after a moment It clicked. He recommended that I order the Italian Beef sandwich with peppers and mozzarella. Dipped in "the gravy". That shit was good.I also got the crinkle fries. Standard salty french fries. Them shits was good. The place was a madhouse. infinity people everywhere. Food came out fast though. It was good. Was it great? No. Will I have to go back and try the famous Hot dogs? Maybe.
5	Their Italian beef sandwiches and chopped salads are awesome! We are so happy that they have a Portillo's in Scottsdale. Always crowded, but they are very organized and the lines move fast. Can't beat the prices either.
5	What an operation...  Fast, organized, clean, delicious.   I enjoyed the chilli cheese dog thoroughly which was crafted not just thrown together as was the everything hot dog my boyfriend had.  The staff was super friendly and knew what they were doing.   Will definitely go back to try out the rest of the menu.
5	Had a great visit to this placed today, joined by Jackie R., Georgie M., Robyn N. & Mike C.  Things were busy at 11 this morning, but not as crazy as last time with the deafening noise & so on (see original Review).  Today ordering, getting the food and enjoying it all went fine.I had a regular "Hot Dog with Everything", Onion Rings and a "Small" Chocolate Malt, which wasn't small (18 oz?), & was nice & thick, just the way I like them.  ALL THREE WERE FIVE STARS.Now I really love this place & the prices are very reasonable too!     :-))Hot Dog:  $2.59, Onion Rings:  $2.09, Small (actually pretty large) Chocolate Malt:  $2.69
5	Over the last few days, I've eaten here four times.First, I took my daughter for a late dinner on Tuesday night; then I sprung a friend over at Westminster Retirement for his first Chicago Italian Beef yesterday; then my son on his last night in Scottsdale wanted some comfort food before journeying to California for his new job; and lastly, today we had a UYE with Phoenix Buffet King Rand H, Robyn N, Mike C and his fiancee Jackie R.Over the last few days I've gotten to know Mike Portillo pretty well.  He's a great guy who is in charge of Training at his family's restaurants and is here working the kitchen with the rest of his employees. Given the crazy opening three months ago, he's done an incredible job! A textbook management case study if you ask me!The food is still great!  And now, that some our out of town guests have returned to points north, it's easier to get in and out of here. The place today was packed, but with three/four cashiers working, the wait-time was less than ten minutes to get your food. Nice!Sooooo, if you feel like an Italian Beef, Combo with sausage, or a Chicago "Red Hot" stop on by.Now a shout-out to Nancy P, who is next door at Scottsdale Health waiting to deliver her son and tells me: "Think my hubby will be spending a lot of time in line here while I'm recovering after our son is born!"  You hear that Mike!
4	I returned again last week, this time going with a jumbo dog topped with ketchup, onion, and a pickle.After my first bite, my mouth did not even know what happened. Never have I bitten into such a soft, juicy, flavorful hot dog in my entire life. I'm the kind of person that has to be 'in the mood' for a hot dog, and cannot just eat them anytime, but I think Portillo's just changed all of that. My digestive system needs to watch out once the Tempe location opens up that is closer to my house, because I may be existing on a diet of processed meat and poppy seed buns the entire summer.
5	All I have to say is: A Big Beef with Mozzarella and Hot Peppers, Dipped, Large Cheese Fries......Beef Tamale.......and a Strawberry Shake
3	After leaving an event that didn't fill me up tonight, the BF and I went to Portillo's since we hadn't tried it yet and were right there! Well.....the food was better than the place we left, but it was nothing special. I had a hot dog and was disappointed that they didn't use Vienna beef and that they did not have neon green relish....those two things are what make a Chicago style hotdog in my book. The BF enjoyed his cheeseburger, I thought it was pretty par as far as cheap cheeseburgers go. I definitely would not drive all the way out here to eat again, but I wouldn't refuse to eat here either, so I suppose it is ok.
4	Chicago memories from a hot dog and Big BeefOkay, that lead line sounds horrible, but it's accurate. My wife and I loved Portillo's when we lived in Chicago. Cheap, good eats and an authentic Chicago Dog.  My father-in-law spent decades loving the Italian Beef sandwiches.  Prices are very good for the amount of food.Truth is there is a lot of hype associated with Portillo's coming to the Phoenix area from folks with Chicago roots.  It's a classic and old-time fave.  Food is yummy and authentic, but nothing remarkable compared to your places with innovative chefs.  Um, it's also not considered health food.  (Just FYI. :o))The drive thru process may also throw people the first time.  I had forgotten how unusual it is-- order with a person who walks your car to the cashier person who then send you up to the food deliverers.  Regardless, I love that Portillos and Chicago Hamburger Co are here to fill the need for authentic Chi-town fare.
5	Portillos really knows how to keep customers happy by offering delicious hot dogs and fries, never cold or soggy, and served in record time. I love the chopped salad. Try it. Chocolate cake. Yummy! Why cook?
4	I finally got a chance to check this fine place out with the wife. Wow it is still pretty busy with lots of families everywhere enjoying themselves and having a tasty treat at the same time. I even saw several groups giving each other hugs with excitement as they gathered up together.Both inside and out are very clean and well decorated with style. It is fun just going around and looking at all the cool items hanging on the wall. This place is oiled like a well tuned machine. Simply walk up and order, pay, then step to the side and pick up your food. You can watch them diligently working in the kitchen to get the orders to perfection. Cool!Had to get a Jumbo Dog Chicago Style which is basically what they call everything. Also tried out the Beef and Cheddar on a Croissant with Sweet Peppers. The wife ordered an Italian Beef with Sweet Peppers and a large side of Cheese Fries to share.The food was really tasty and fresh. I particularly liked the Dog which was created perfectly and had a great flavor profile. The Beef and Cheddar was also very tasty but seemed to be a little skimpy on the beef. The basic Fries and Cheese was hypnotically good. Maybe I'm just a sucker for that kinda cheesy goodness. They also have Burgers, Chicken Sandwiches, Salads, plus a whole lot more.Nice place and I would definitely go back again. Would like to see the foot traffic for the order line go around the outside of the dinning area instead of cutting right through the middle and creating a criss cross of confusion for those eating, trying to get a napkin, or a refill. Maybe hiring a Feng shui Master to give it an adjustment. Reversing the kitchen would be too expensive at this point. LOL!Grab a menu or study it before hand. A lot of people have a list of what they want already. Just remember - Go Cubbies & Da Bears!
4	It's like having a little piece of Chicago in the desert. Portillo's serves up all your Windy City favorites like Italian beef and Chicago style hot dogs. They also have fries and burgers. For sweet treats, they have various shakes, malts, and desserts.We shared a big beef, dipped, cheese fries, and a large vanilla shake. The big beef was excellent. The beef and broth had a really nice, rich flavor, and the bread held up well to being dipped in broth. We added sweet peppers and mozzarella, which were both good additions to the sandwich ($.50 extra per topping). As for the fries, rather than putting the cheese on top of the fries, the fries and cheese are supplied separately so that you dip the fries into the cheese. The fries themselves were crisp and crinkle-cut. The shake was huge, and very thick.While the parking lot is a bit small, the restaurant itself is quite spacious, and we had no problem finding a seat despite it being busy on a Saturday afternoon. Our total for a Big Beef with 2 toppings, cheese fries, a large shake, and a small soda was about $17, which isn't too bad considering the amount of food we got. We were both definitely stuffed after eating!I'm looking forward to the opening of the Tempe Marketplace Portillo's, so I can enjoy tasty Chicago style eats closer to where I live!
5	Portillo's is now my "GoTo" Italian Beef place. There's nothing like hitting this place on a Saturday afternoon with a dipped juicy Italian Beef along with some yummy roasted sweet green peppers nestled along with the beef on a hoagie like roll. Wash that down with a large strawberry shake and consider your day complete. Now that the insane crowds from the opening couple of months have subsided, you can have a relaxing meal and actually talk to your companions. My wife is always begging me to go here as well. She loves the grilled chicken and wait for it.....................The Italian Beef dipped with either hot giardiniera or sweet green peppers. That my friends is an intelligent woman. So stop checking the menu online and get over to Portillo's for some tasty comfort food.
5	Awesome! If you like real Chicago style dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, this is THE place.
5	I am writing this as a born-and-bred Chicagoan who used to go to a Portillo's location at least once a week before I relocated to Tempe--it is EXACTLY the same as "back home" with 2 exceptions (which I will get to later).  Construction and ambiance--exactly the same.  Burgers and fries--exactly the same.  Milkshakes--exactly the same.  Maxwell Street Polish--EXACTLY THE SAME--thank you God and Dick Portillo for FINALLY bringing a real, bona-fide Maxwell Street Polish (read:  Chicago classic) out here to the desert!  The two exceptions that may put Chicagoans off:  1.) staff is very well-trained, but they are not Chicagoans, don't understand the "passion" of the food, and although they show great potential don't seem to have the same "write on the bag, move on, pay, and pickup" expertise as they do back home.  2.) space-case, self-absorbed Scottsdale patrons who don't know how to order or to KEEP THE PICKUP AREA OPEN AND CLEAR whilst waiting for their food.For those "meh" reviews by AZ natives--you have NO CONCEPT of a hot dog, Polish sausage, or Italian Beef, and you REALLY need to keep your purportedly-"expert" opinions to yourselves.  Ted's is NY style--so there is no comparison.  Other locations here in Phoenix--not the same.PS to the dipstick who said this is a "chain" restaurant--it is NOT.  Dick Portillo and family are the sole owners (and will always keep it this way) and visit each location multiple times per year to ensure that every "branch" is just as good as the original.  As for them being "sure to fail unless the food quality improves;" the food is the SAME as it is in Chicago, and to the best of my knowledge no Portillo's location has ever failed since Dick first opened shop in the 1960's.  So you might want to do a little research (and actually be from Chicago) before you run off at the yap with your idiotic opinions.Bottom line:  Chicagoans--go and shed a tear of joy as you have a taste of home.  Smug Non-Chicagoans who have never been to Chi-town and have no clue as to what you are talking about--shut the F up.
2	Well, I've been a few times and it's been pretty good. I love their hot dogs, aside from the fact that their mustard is bland and the only reason you know it's mustard is because it's yellow... But the reason I'm writing is that one of my coworkers and my boss just went and got salads. My boss got the wonton chicken salad without the wontons; not that bad I know, but this was 1/2 an hour after my coworker got a grilled chicken salad with no chicken and no side muffin. Adding this to my own experiences where the Italian Beef was really bland (and yes, I got the peppers and gravy so it was soggy, slimy and bland) and when I ordered cheese fries the cheese was all over the inside of the bag and not in the container, well, I think I'll stick with driving a ways to Uncle Sam's.
3	Make sure you know what you want before getting in line.Even though the restaurant was busy, there were two lines with an employee at each line taking orders. We were overwhelmed at how fast we made it to the front of the line. My wife and I ordered a Hot Dog (Chicago Style) each, split an Italian Beef sandwich with sweet pickles and I ordered a large milkshake.NOTE: They ask if you want sweet or hot peppers which implies that it comes with it, but it's 50 cents more. So if you don't want any peppers, tell them 'NONE'.We paid for our meal and was given a receipt with our order number on it. In ten minutes, they called our order.Opening the Italian Beef sandwich was messy and greasy with so-so flavor. My wife's hot dog was also greasy but my hot dog wasn't. The 'dogs' where okay, but I'm going to try Sonic's foot long Chicago dog to see if there is any difference.The set up is like an In and Out Hamburger joint where the prices are reasonable and you order at one section and go the the pickup station when your number is called.
1	you call this a hot dog.. yuck    what is Italian beef ??  no such thing in Italy .  they should also treat there employees better too..
4	Have ate there twice in the last 2 weeks. Love the burgers and onion rings. They are fast and the very clean. Would recommend to friends and family.
2	Really not seeing the draw to this place. Visited yesterday on a recommendation from one of their staff members I met who seemed to have nothing but wonderful things to say about his employer's restaurant. Needless to say his opinion failed to meet my expectations. First impressions are not everything. Make no mistake, the building itself is impeccably decorated. Inside and out are both done up really well. The place was absolutely jam packed with people too. At least 150 people were crammed into the premises, all seemingly enjoying the rush of the fast paced ordering service. And it's here that I have to hand it to them. With lines nearly out the door (and it's a long way from the registers to the exit), employees handled the crowd with ease. No hiccups. No rudeness. Perfect service. At this point it's safe to say I was impressed and excited to eat! Unfortunately you just cannot rely on first impressions. The decor is a facade for what really is going on here. Only one word comes to mind when I now think of Portillo's: GIMMICK. The food here is nothing to write home about at all, or maybe it is, just not in the way you might think. The hot dogs I ordered were served in your typical Chicago style. Sesame seed bun, pickle, hot peppers, tomatoes, onions, and mustard. How could you go wrong? Right? Well they managed to... The bun was straight out of a cheap grocery brand bag. The hotdog tasted like an undercooked Bar S hotdog glazed with the dirty dollar bills Dick Portillo managed to swindle out of me. I could have easily made this at home for a fraction of the price and effort. Even the onion rings were from a low grade frozen grocery store brand. I know this because I often buy the exact same ones to eat at home, they are indistinguishable in both looks and taste. Terribly mediocre and good only for a quick frozen home meal. Some people will gawk at my review and say "Try the Italian beef. You'll change your mind." And to that I say "My friend ordered the 'Italian' beef and cheese croissant with gravy. I took one bite and found myself only pushed further to disgust by this rip off of an establishment." What a waste of time and money. I think it's safe to say Portillo's failed to gain a regular customer yesterday. I also think it's safe to say I won't be recommending this pace to anyone any time soon. The only thing saving it from receiving a one star review is it's visual appeal and perfectly managed staff. So... kudos to you Dick Portillo for creating one of the largest privately owned food brands around! What a business plan you've crafted here too! Incredibly cheap ingredients and components sold at a premium... Wow... Can you say profits?! I'd love to own the place for a week. A privately owned chain with an owner who's story defines the "American Dream" and basing out of a city famous for this style of food... Sounds good on paper but ,take heed, only one word can describe Portillo's: gimmick.
4	Didn't know what all the fuss was about until I went here for a later dinner with my family. It's delish! I shared a hotdog as well as the Italian Beef with peppers on the side. OH MY WORD. It hit the spot. You have to try the Strawberry Shortcake too!!  It's amazing and probably the best I've had (outside of our home.) It's worth the wait. Cook to serve. Relaxed but a tad, o.k., super LOUD!
5	A happy taste of Chicago in my mouth!  As far as I'm concerned it's the best Italian Beef sandwich in AZ.  I always get it dipped with hot peppers and I'm a happy girl.  Their combo with beef and sausage is also great.  They serve Chicago hot dogs the way I remember back home.  Even their cheese sauce for the fries tastes like cheese and not the regular canned toxic cheese.Yes, the place is loud, yes the place gets crowded.  But I don't care - it's a happy reminder of home for me.Can't wait until they open their Tempe Marketplace location closer to where I live!
2	I visited Portillo's after several of my co-workers raved about the place. I probably won't bother going back; like its gaudy decor, it's all shine and little substance.SERVICE: I'm not a huge fan of the cattle-call style of food service. The organization was pretty lax when I first arrived and we got 'cut' in line several times as groups came in. Eventually an employee came out and started sifting people into appropriate lines.When it came time to get food, we were back to 'cattle-call' again. The woman calling out the orders was humorous at first; eventually her rhyming and overly-loud microphone just gave me a headache.FOOD: I had an Italian beef sandwich. The beef was mostly flavorless and somewhat dry, even though I had ordered extra gravy; the cheese was rubbery, but at least it had some flavor from the grease on it. I tried a bite of a co-worker's hot dog; it wasn't anything special.AMBIANCE: Can you hear me now? No? Then you might be at Portillo's. The only thing louder than the mishmash of decor is the actual noise level in the building. Don't bother trying to talk here. Including a pair of noise-canceling headphones with each order would be nice.OVERALL: If you couldn't tell, I didn't really see any positives to the place. The food was mediocre, the style of service is annoying, and the noise level might just be tinnitus-inducing. From now on if I want an Italian beef I'll go to Guido's, and I'll make the trek down to Ted's Hot Dogs in Tempe when I want a good frank.
5	What can I say, I love Portillo's. My favorite dinner here is an Italian beef (prime roast beef, soaked in au jus type sauce) sandwiched between pillows of the softest bread imaginable and then dunked again into sauce. It's amazing, and messy, but mostly amazing.Also, the cheese fries are de-lish. I normally am anti-fake-liquid-cheese, but this cheese is like a creamy bowl of macaroni and cheese sent from heaven to dip your perfect french-fries in; a dangerous combination!The chocolate cake is delicious. I also love the chocolate cake shake -- chocolate shake with chocolate cake crumbles. Yum, yum, yum! Naomi Garnice gives it two thumbs up!!
3	I'm a big fan of Portillos, but lately they seem to be slipping, perhaps the heat is doing it.  I went through the drive thru.  So I order a garbage salad.  I get home.  The Salad is a little bit wilted. The leaves have a high number of thick stocks.  I order an extra poppy seed muffin because I love them and they charged me for it, but they gave me only one.  I look for a straw for my drink and there wasn't any. So you folks at Portillos need to get your ordering and delivery system back in shape.
5	Woe! Woe, wait just a minute!  Hold onto your hats cowboys/girls, this Portillo's is the real deal!  It's worthiness is much greater than some of the 3 star reviews I'm reading on the Yelp iPad-acus.  I've been here now 3 times (Yes, I missed a checkin for you fact seeking yelp nerds) and this is the Portillo's I've grown to love when traveling to Chicago many time over the years.  This Portillo's reminds me of the one in Dekalb IL.  The decor, shape and  size are very similar.  The food taste just as good as well!  The only thing different are the droves of people trying to go here for a bite to eat all at the same time!!  But don't let that stop you from giving this Portillo's a try!  It's a fantastic place to go for a delicious hot Italian roast beef sandwich dry, dipped or wet!  Their hotdogs are great and so are their salads (believe it or not :-)  If your feeling adventurous and hungry, I must warn you this can NOT be good for your health but it is really tasty good, try their Italian roast beef and grilled sausage with peppers!  OH MY!  It is an extremely dangerous and yet delicious mouth full of goodness!  You'll be tempted to order one of their DELISH shakes and a side of fries with this, but don't unless you are eating with someone that can call the paramedics in case you get a carb overload... The only downer about Portillo's is how they want you to wait at the counter to get your food before sitting down.  This is not how the AZ peeps like to do things.  So they should adjust to their new environment and come up with a better way to get people their food. In looking forward to going back again real soon.  I hope to see you their!
4	Very yum, fun & loud!! Husband & I shared the Portillos hot dog & a bacon cheeseburger. Both were very good! Atmosphere of the place is pretty fun but the place is very loud which I didn't mind at all. Will be going back!
1	Overwhelming!  This is a fast food joint and the food is just that, fast food.  I was not at all impressed.  Bottom line "Eat Local"!  There are way too many other options that are WAY better. Luke's, Hot Dog Stop, Chicago, Pat's....all local, all tastier.
4	I noticed that the Polish sausage is grilled and the Vienna dog is steamed or boiled resulting in no snap with the bite.  Toppings were great, sauted onions on the Polish (wow, great flavor due to carmelization) and good chili and melted cheeze on the dog.  Noon on a Monday, place packed but a few tables were available.  Staff gave us a menu and brief lecture about the place and the various foods, nice first time touch.  Prices were reasonable and the portions large.  The place was quite large but clean and friendly.  I will be back to try their halibut and fresh tuna sandwiches!!
5	Great Chicago experience. Just like the ones back home, no loss of service or quality. Great dogs, great sausage, and awesome atmosphere.
5	Finally a Portillo's I can get to without going to Chicago! Was down in the Phoenix area a couple weeks ago and drove all the way to Scottsdale just to visit this location. The food is awesome and just as good as the Portillo's that I remember in Chicago. Although the parking lot was packed when I got there, there was pretty much no line to order and the food here is cranked out very quickly. You can even watch them make your food in the window to the left of the cashiers. Their combo italian beef/sausage sandwiches are to die for. I can't wait to come back here next time I'm in the area. Who knows, if I have a craving I might even drive down from Vegas just to eat here!
5	I absolutely love their hot dogs! Very friendly staff and the food was out in a flash.
4	Big Italian Beef was good it would have been excellent if there was more sweet peppers. The taste of beef is tasty.
4	I FINALLY stopped in to Portillo's on Friday for lunch with a Chicago native that moved to our Phoenix office. I had no idea what to expect other than knowing they took over the old spot that Uncle Sam's used to fill on 91st and Shea. First off, I COULD NOT BELIEVE how busy it was, especially for a weekday lunch in an area without a large concentration of businesses (I work downtown). Drive through line was a mile long (but seemed to be moving quickly). When we got inside I was shocked at the amount of people cramed into this large space. Not a table to be found and long lines again, but we had made the drive so there was no turning back... Glad we didn't because that line moved quickly also.My buddy and I both got the "combo" sandwich, which is an Italian Beef with a sausage stuck in there also. Strangly enough my Chicago friend got a chicken sandwich, which apparently he loves there.Cool thing about the "combo", or just regular beef sandwiches, is you can choose how much "gravy" you want on them. Hardly any, some poured on top, or, and of course the one that I picked, DIPPED. They dip the who damn sandwich in the "gravy" (beef drippings). NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN BOUT.We got cheese fries too. Fries were good but they put the cheese on the side...kind of a bummer, BUT the sandwiches were excellent... Best Italian Beef I've had other than Luke's of Chicago on Indian School, which is quite a compliment.We did end up finding seats by the way. Very crowded place, but a lot of turnover, so if you just wait a second something will pop up.Prices were excellent also. Most sandwiches were right around $5 bucks, even the Halibut fish sandwich, which I gotta try next...I'll be back. Gotta try the dogs too!!Enjoy
5	It's great having excellent Chicago nosh here in AZ.  The quality is just as good as back home...actually better since it's in Scottsdale!  Can't go wrong with the Italian beef with hot peppers and don't forget to get it dipped.
5	Growing up in and around the Chicago area, I am ashamed to admit that it took this landmark eatery's expansion to Arizona for me to walk in the door.  The wife and I decided that our Sunday Fun-day wouldn't be complete without a Chicago Dog, Italian Beef and Rings...I should probably mention that we split a Chocolate Cake Shake too.The employees are very "Chicago", filled with personality and attitude, all working for a seemingly competent and well managed organization to boot.  The interior was very clean, it appeared that they have numerous employees who's function it  is to quickly clean up tables as guests pick up their trays to depart.  Many other restaurants come to mind that should take note.On to the food:  the Hot Dog was, well a Hot Dog.  Delicious in it's own right, but a Hot Dog nonetheless.  One discerning characteristic comes to mind, the poppy seed bun.  Fresh, almost spongy, not soggy.Italian Beef was the best of recent memory, possibly knocking Mr.Beef (666 N Orleans St, Chicago IL) off of my #1 spot.  Ordered it wet with hot peppers.  Serving was proper, plenty of meat, bread that was moist and retained much of the Au Jus.  Purely Fantastic!  Onion Rings were delicious, not too thick,  the batter is unique in its texture, much crispier than I remember rings typically being.   Chocolate Cake Shake: two things I am not 1) A fan of chocolate 2) A fan of shakes.How can two things that I like so little, taste so good?  A must for all visitors.
5	Thanks Portillo's for a fantastic experience! Delicious food! Wonderful employees! :)I will be back for sure!!
5	Great food, clean interior, clean restrooms and helpful staff.  True Chicago food from a true Chicago company.  It is always busy here, but the staff helped my elderly Grandfather find a seat among the sea of hungry folks.  The Italian beefs and hot dogs are fantastic!
4	I've heard about this place before.  I was shocked by a few things.... A.  They have a TON of employees running around.  B.  It was cheap, very cheap.  Like $2 for a hot dog cheap.C.  Even though A & B were true, it was still delicious.  I don't know how they make any money, but it was really good.  Their drive through line was very very long so we ate inside.  We got a Chicago dog, a chili dog, and chili-cheese fries.  Took about 10 minutes to get our food but it was worth the wait.
2	Decided to give it another go today and see if my first impression was right.  I ordered the Italian beef and onion rings.  The beef was soaked in olive oil and not that good.  The onion rings are frozen but still good.  I have absolutely no desire to go back ever.  If i want a hot dog, I'll go to Ted's in Tempe and if I want a beef I'll go to Rosati's at Warner and McClintock since it's not a franchise.  I had a friend from Chicago with me and he even said that the beef's were different from the ones back home.  Way too much olive oil put on the beef if you ask for hot peppers.
3	Tried it for the first time last week and it was a well organized experience. I got a salad and my husband got a hot dog and fries. Asked for them well done and sure enough...they were! Everything was tasty. Didn't have to wait long in line at all. The overall atmosphere reminds me of the Ed Debevics we used to have here. Worth a try.
5	Great food just like all the locations in Chicagoland area...Very Busy when I was there for MLB Spring training.I wish the would build a location in Las Vegas. You can never go wrong w/ a Beef from Portillos
5	This place is staffed like crazy.  I've never seen a restaurant have so many people working drive-thru, and somehow keep things very well managed.  The Italian Beef here is top-notch.  Absolutely excellent.  I have eaten here a few times now, and do have one bit of advise.  I personally like my Italian Beef sandwich dipped.  If you do as well, make sure you are eating there.  I made the mistake of not getting the ah jus on the side, instead of dipped, and had a rather soupy mess when i got home.  The meat and peppers was still amazing, but the bread had lost all molecular integrity.  Make the trip to try this place.  Well worth it!
4	I am not from Chicago, and I have never been or heard of Portillo's until my boyfriend told me about them.  We made the ride out to Scottsdale because he was craving some crinkle cut cheese fries (which are fantastic!)  He had a beef sandwich which looked phenomenal, and I totally messed up and ordered a grilled chicken sandwich.  My sandwich was good, but a place called Portillo's Hot Dogs, and I get a chicken sandwich?? I can't wait to go back so I can try a hot dog, and do it right.  However, I did get the cheese fries, only regret is that I didn't get a bigger size ;) Service is good, atmosphere is fun, and I love the 50's music they play! The restaurant is absolutely HUGE, and I can't wait to visit the new Tempe location.
4	This is a happenin' place! I often feel rushed when I get in line to order because they have a person carrying a notepad or something taking our order as we stand in line, so I don't really get to peruse the menu to see what I want - an option is to get out of line to read the menu, but considering how busy it is, you need to stand in line, get your order and hope to get a table to sit at.  I'm not a HUGE hot dog fan, so I usually just order the "hot dog". It comes with everything including: mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun.  The best part is the poppy seed bun. So soft and warm!  They also have crinkle fries that are also really good.  I'd definitely keep coming back to this place as there are many other things on the menu that I want to try.
3	Hugely overrated. I get it though, there's few good Chicago joints in town so Chicagoan's have to come here for this kind of food.  It's good for what it is and the service really is fantastic but the hype has caused crazy long lines which don't justify the wait in my book.
5	Welcome to the desert Portillo's! Everyone from Chi-Town is in hot dog heaven!
3	First time diner here at Portillos and overall I have to say I'm not as impressed as I thought I would be. I had the beef and cheddar croissant which was good but too soggy for my liking. ( I've heard that's a Chicago thing?! ) I also tried some of the southwest BBQ chicken salad. Portillos is definitely not the place to order a salad. The lettuce wasn't fresh and the dressing was more like water. Stick to the hot dogs which were really tasty! The most amazing thing I've had so far? Chocolate cake shake. Which is a MUST try. You will not disappointed, that's a promise! The staff was also very friendly and helpful definitely a plus!
5	OMG REAL CHICAGO FOOD FINALLY IN ARIZONA.. Got the chance to met the owner and she was the funniest person ever. Amazing Hot Dogs and THE BEEF ugh what can I say so so yummy. The salads are pretty good too. Can't wait til the one at Tempe Market Place opens closer but I will have to wait til the lines go down before I head off to that one. BUT THIS IS MUST VISIT PLACE...
5	I was a bit sad since I used to frequent the Uncle Sam's that was here, but all my regrets are definitely gone. Portillo's is a sick joint and I hope it's here to stay.Taking down the restaurant decor for a very open counter service restaurant. Akin to something like Five Guys, you can view the entire line of cooks from grill to tray service along half the perimeter. They even have a separate counter for serving desserts. The title suggests hot dogs is the main attraction, but from what everyone's been ordering and what the staff tells me, the Italian beef attracts the most customers. The gravy is excellent, and the beef while succelent embodied all the classic flavors every Italian beef fan loves. The bread does the sandwich justice, but it's good but not great. I personally like the combo, which comes with an entire sausage in addition to the beef.The sides are not something to shirk at either. The onion rings are super crispy and the crinkle fries work well with dat cheese whiz. To top everything off, this entire restaurant even has a drive thru, which totally works!The menu is huge, so I'm far from exhausting my limit here. I hear the salads are pretty good, and I've got to try the namesake dish eventually. However, it's really hard to stay away from the Italian beef every time I come back.
3	Have you ever been to a small food-shop owned by an immigrant of any nationality where they seem to be skimping on everything to make ends meet? Common, we have all been to those places. You ask for an extra side of their delicious ethnic sauce and they want those two quarters in your pocket. They charge for the three day old iced tea. I understand for they are a small establishment. Portillo's is a big Corporate operation. Well, cheap owner of Portillo's, can you put in a self-serve beverage refill counter? I do not want to have to go awkwardly across the pick up line to get another beverage. This is Arizona. We expect free refills with 105 degree weather.  At least you replaced uncle Sam's. That clown didn't even have blue cheese for his wings.  Oh yes, this is what happens when you skimp on beverage service in Arizona. In my dehydrated state I am not getting to the food until the middle of the review. The Italian Beef was excellent but small. I would like a 8 - 10 inch option for a couple extra bucks. The gardinere * lasted a few bites into the sandwich. Again, is there a guy fresh off the 747 skimping on food cost involved with  the operation? Yes. I will return to Portillo's because it is good and well priced. I will pay extra for a couple of extra inches on a sandwich. In fact, I am back at the office now and still hungry. Maybe I will return for that delicious Italian Beef. Oh yes, the employees were excellent at executing efficient counter service during a peak hour.
5	I'm originally from the Chicago suburbs where the Portillo's chain originated. They offer classic Chicago-style hotdogs with all the fixings. Of course, they offer much more, but I've always stuck with the hotdogs. The place was packed the Saturday that I went. But even though I had to search for somewhere to sit and eat, the line to order moved quickly and I got my food just as fast.
5	Best beef sandwiches in Arizona.  In fact, everything on the menu is awesome.  I'm from Chicago and I know what really good food is.  Cake shakes!!!
4	First things first, so you don't get it twisted:I'm kinda a Luke's girl...or Al's girl...Joey's girl...DeFalco's girl...Chicago Burger Company's girl...ok, I guess it's time to face it. I'm an Italian beef sandwich whore.  I don't think I've met one that I didn't like. And now that this place is really close to work, I'm adding Portillo's to my dance card...Yesterday a couple of folks from the office ordered takeout from there...I've been trying to be a good girl and avoid eating out everyday for lunch, but I finally broke down and said "Yes" to the mess. I ordered an Italian beef sandwich with EVERYTHING (how do you know if you REALLY LOOOOVE your new beau if you don't get to know every nook and cranny?) with "gravy" on the side...bless their hearts, they put my grilled onions and mozzarella (all melty and seductive-like) on the sandwich to go and put my "gravy", giardiniera, and peppers on the side...BRILLIANT! When I got my sandwich, it was P-E-R-F-E-C-T-oh, no sloppy, soppy mess that had been sitting or congealing for the 10 minute commute to tummy-town. I was able to decorate my vittles as I saw fit. The cheese fries were deliciously crispy crinkle cut fries that I was able to dip in the decadent, hot cheesy/jalapeno sauce. And to wash it all down? Sure I could've continued my quest for good-girl status and had water or a V8 but NO! I washed it down with a frosty, cold, bubbly root beer...and I was in heaven.
5	I have been to Portillos twice now, and the service and food are incredible.  The prices are pretty good too.  I can't wait for the Tempe location to open.
2	Starting with the food, it tastes great and I'll go back for it.  That said, I usually order take-out from my car, and way too often they don't get the order right. Today, I ordered a large iced tea with the pink equal, I got neither equal nor a straw. I ordered mustard on my Maxwell Street Polish, missing!On other occasions, I've ordered the burger with mustard, ketchup, pickle, onion only and gotten lettuce, tomato and mayo, or no onion, or no pickle.If this kind of sloppy service didn't happen about every other time I go there, I would give them 4 stars.Come on Portillo's, get your act together!
4	There food is amazing but the pricing is to high for me.
5	I've waited 13 years for this place to open up here in the Phoenix Valley - and I wasn't disappointed... Coming from Chicago area we went a couple times a month.. The Hot Dogs, Beef sandwiches and Burgers are without match here in the valley... Others may claim they make a Chicago-style hot-dog, but if you want the real thing go to Portillo's !!!
3	Although I'm no Chicago native, I've been there and can say that this place doesn't do Chicago dogs justice. We ordered the jumbo chili cheese dog, Italian beef, fries, and a burger. Everything just tasted okay. The Italian beef was the one item that was pretty decent.
5	There are few chains I will review normally but this place was great so I felt I owed it to the staff to give them a good review.I have never heard of this place before, but my bosses have and they wanted a catered lunch from here. They had an idea of the menu before hand so I trusted their judgement.They were great over the phone answering questions and being patient...I had a lot. They sent email confirmation and were all around awesome. The day to pick up arrived and they had everything ready to go...no waiting around.That's when I realized I locked my keys in the car with my cell phone...awesome. Not only were the people behind the togo counter awesome, they were just plain out patient and willing to help...and able to laugh along with me that I had an idiot moment. The manager called a cab for me after letting me make countless calls on their phone.Finally we got me a cab and I got the food back to the office. It was great. We had the beef and some Italian sausages with their bread, which was great too. We got some toppings for both like hot peppers and such.Everyone was so pleased with the food and apparently they have a ton of other great stuff to try as well.I will definitely go back here because of the food but how can you not after having such awesome service when you're such an idiot?
4	I love Portillo's. Great Italian Beef. Dogs etc. Have to check your order carefully as they do make mistakes. Sometimes their quality control/portion control is a bit off...Beef sandiwiches are usually stuffed and flowing over...on occasion..they can be skimpy..staff is usually helpful and polite and responsive.
5	Without a doubt, the best burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches in AZ - if not all of the USA. GO!
5	LOVE IT! Being Italian and from the Northeast, a roast beef sandwich is like a weekly must have!! My dad kept raving about this place so i finally went with him to see what he has been talking about for the past 5 months. I ordered the Roast beef sandwich with mozzarella cheese and hot peppers with a coke. IT WAS SO GOOD! The roast beef was cut perfectly and tasted amazing! The bread was crispy on the outside but the inside had absorbed all that roast beef juice and flavor! This was like heaven to my lips! It brought back those heavenly flavors and memories of when I was a fat kid visiting my grandparents and eating roast beef sandwiches for dinner! I now see what my dad was telling me about!  I found my new favorite place in Scottsdale! The place itself reminded me of New York, New Jersey, or Chicago and they were very quick to make the order. This place is great for when I am craving those foods I usually get back east.
5	Portillo's- WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?! Oh that's right, Chicago! I am so glad this amazing chain migrated its way to PHX. They have so many different hotdogs, hamburgers, Italian sandwiches to choose from. I got the Jumbo hotdog (minus the peppers-ew) and ate every bite of it. I also got the cheese fries which I liked that they put the cheese on the side- that way the ooey gooey delicious cheese could be evenly distributed on each individual fry. We actually had to get more fries so we could finish the cheese in it's entirety. I warn you people, if you go to Portillo's, prepare to become an addict and wanting it all the time. I plan on going back tonight.
3	It's bigger than it looks which is good because apparently every transplanted Chicago resident in the Valley has made this their lunch spot now.The food was good and served very quickly, but not having been there before its a bit disconcerting to have them ask for your order before you even reach the point where you can read the signs. Of course, not being from Chicago, I had never heard of Portillo's before this opened and while it was good, it's basically a hot dog and Italian beef sandwich shop. Are they good hot dogs? Sure. Are they worth a long wait in line? If you're not from Chicago, probably not. Will I go back? Probably, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
5	The stars say it all!  Try it. You won't be disappointed. Get you italian beef dipped completely. You'll love it!  I did!
5	I waited 6 long years for Portillos to come to the Phoenix area! I am so happy that it is just as delicious as it is in Chicago! We went opening week and was quite impressed with the organization of such a large crowd. The line has been out the door every time we've gone but they are really efficient and never really waited long! My faves are the Italian beef (with mozzarella, extra gravy or dipped), burgers, cheese fries, and chocolate cake shake, so I usually spend a good chunk of time trying to decide what to get (as everything is so good!). My only complaint is that there aren't more locations yet! If there was one closer I would definitely eat their salads too. They are really good, but I don't make it up there enough to waste it on a salad ;)
4	I am a big fan of hot dogs, enough my husband teases me about it.So naturally, when I heard Portillo's was coming to Scottsdale I was excited. It was strange to me, to see a Resturant MONTHS after opening, with drive through lines across the parking lot, and a VERY VERY full dining room. We got in line, and I had no idea what I wanted, and didn't have much time to pick because someone with a bag and a pencil pressures you into ordering before you even get to a register. I understand they are trying to speed things up, but when I'm a first timer --- let me look at the menu. I ended up ordering a Chili Dog. It was great to have glass between us, and the kitchen. It was exciting to watch everything going on and MAN do they have a LOT of employees. Everything seemed to work like clock work. I have also decieded my new dream job is to be the girl who calls out the order number! Number Eight Seven, you're about to be in HEAVEN!  Very clever! The food was delightful. I really enjoyed my chili dog, and the french friends were hot and tasty. I will be returning - but don't rush me!
4	This place already has a plethora of reviews so mine really isn't needed but since I'm a hot dog fan I had to say something. The Chicago dog was amazing as expected, all the fixings on a steamed bun! The fries were underwhelming and needed more seasoning. The Chili Cheese Tamale was surprisingly good but you feel guilty with each bite ( I swear that thing has to be a million calories alone and only God knows what they are using as the filler!). The stand out thing here for me is the service. This place has excellent customer service, from the time you walk in till the time you walk out their employees make you feel at home and that's something I really cherish. In this day in age when most establishments are only concerned about your money, Portillo's goes the extra mile to make your overall experience great.
5	Fell in love with the chocolate cake shake, the $2.50 hot dog (with amazing buns!!) And just about everything else you can get on the menu (except the way overpriced salads, but who goes to a hot dog place to get salads anyway, right?!)
5	I hit Portillo's drive thru today for a quick bite. I was afraid to attempt driving while eating one of their incredible Italian Beef Sandwiches so I went with a Chicago Dog with everything, fries and a diet coke. They have the drive thru down to a fine art. I sped thru there and in less than 3 minutes I was back on the road enjoying one of the best hot dog money can buy!
5	This place is a ZOO!!!!!!!!!! I'm kind of happy I waited so long after it opened because although it's calmed down greatly, it's still very hectic! Two lines for customers, six registers, everyone yelling, orders being called over a microphone .... it's an interesting experience your first time but those employees have this down pact!  Everything came out tasting fantastic and I was extremely satisfied :)I had their regular hotdog with everything on it, tried a jumbo chili dog, and shared their cheese fries :)
5	Can't say anything that hasn't already been said, if you're from Chicago or the Midwest in general you know all about the hot dogs and Italian beefs sandwiches the area is associated with. Portillos is the best you're going to get in the valley. Luke's greasy barely flavored sandwiches have always been a sad imitation.If you're in the area...hell if you're not in the area give this place a try, it's loud and busy but worth it..if the inside noise is too much for you, sit outside it's a lot quieter. And the sandwiches are SUPPOSE to be sloppy...please beware of that before going, us Chicagoans don't eat dry ass sandwiches, I think those are called Philly Steaks.
2	Food is descent. Surprised by the salad options for a dog and sandwich establishment. The ordering process is a disaster. 5 points of sale with enough room for 3. This start your experience out very poorly and with mediocre food, the place is  worth the trouble.
4	Although I am a midwesterner by birth, my first experience of Portillos was here in the Valley of the Sun. I've been super interested to try it, but wanted to wait until the initial craziness was past. We finally checked it out this past weekend and wow! So yummy. Parking was crowded, but we found a spot easily enough. There is a nice patio at the front with plenty of seating and tables overshadowed by umbrellas. The restaurant is kitschy, with memorabilia covering the walls and hanging from the ceiling - Flash Gordon poster, bicycle, airplane pedal car... The dining room is very clean and teeming with staff - we were greeted at arrival, handed paper menus, and ushered into one of two lines stretching up to the counter. We reviewed the menus and when we reached the front of the line, were directed to one of the windows to order. This whole process was a bit frenzied - we didn't really have an ample amount of time to decide on our orders before we hit the front of the line, and when we did, getting up to a window while not cutting off someone from the other line was somewhat stressful. One of our only snags during the dining experience came when we got to the counter and learned that the printed menus that we had been looking over to make our choices were NOT actually current menus. So we had to make some rapid re-selections on-the-fly. Your order is assigned a number and you have to listen for it to be announced, then go pick it up from the window. The girls announcing that the orders are ready have funny catch phrases for each number: "Fifty Four, wait no more!" etc, which is entertaining the first 5 times you hear them (but I'll come back to this) You pick up your orders on large trays with drink holders in each corner and reminderd me of the trays that used to clip to your car window at A&W Rootbeer stands (if anyone remembers those) They're handy for transporting your food to the table, but are very bulky and get in the way if your table is crowded, like ours was.We ordered The Italian Beef with spicy peppers and mozzarella, a Grilled Chicken Sandwich, a Hamburger, and a few orders of crinkle french fries. The Grilled Chicken Sandwich was pretty okay - more "meh" than amazing. The Hamburger was good - flattened thinner, similar to other midwestern imports (Freddie's, for example) which meant that the flavor was more concentrated and it was crispier than your standard burger. The bread got very soggy and the toppings were in disarray, so it was a mess to eat. The crinkle fries were okay - we got three orders for the 3.5 of us and I'd probably tailor that down to 2 orders (or maybe even 1) the next time. They came out CRAZY hot, too hot to eat, so we had to wait a bit before digging in. They tasted alright and had good texture, but weren't anything to write home about.The Italian Beef was, as others say, incredibly good. The beef was sliced very thinly and then piled on thick.  It was savory, juicy, and very flavorful. The bread was pretty thin and did get terribly soggy from the juices of the sandwich. I ordered it with spicy peppers and mozzarella; the mozzarella was barely there, but I was so glad that I ordered the peppers! The juice from the peppers permeated the whole sandwich, giving an extra dimension to the flavors - the peppers themselves were not overwhelmingly spicy, which was nice. There were some little crinkly pickled carrots in the mix as well, which was weird at first but tasted fine. Eating the sandwich is tricky: it comes in two wrappers, a larger outer wrapper that is more "dry" and a more tightly wrapped inner wrapper. I took my sandwich out of the outer wrapper but kept the inner wrapper on so that it would blockade the sogginess and keep the sandwich together. This was a good move; my friend who also got the Italian Beef did NOT do this, and it was a huge mess. The dining room is very hectic. The seating is bordered by the line of guests, the order counter, the pickup window, and the catering counter. The cacophony of the many guests plus the announcer calling out the orders is definitely less than relaxing.  Hearing "54 wait no more" 100 times while you dine is not so great. However, the decor, very friendly and attentive employees, cleanliness of the restaurant, and overall casual level of the place all make for a very fun experience that was ultimately quite enjoyable. Pricing was okay - just over $30 for three adults and one baby, so not too bad. The staff were phenomenal. My expectations are generally pretty low in a place that has really young employees, but you can tell that the training at Portillos is top-notch and that they ask a lot of their team. We were greeted, treated politely and professionally, attended to (they have employees bussing the tables, collecting trash as you finish) and thanked as we left. I can definitely recommend Portillos for a delicious and lovely casual lunch or dinner. Be sure to check it out!
5	Being from Chicago I was waiting for this place to open!  Still love it!  Gotta get the italian beef with lots and lots of hot peppers!  They have yummy crinkle fries if I remember correctly.  I also order some gravy on the side. (basically its au jus the beef is cooked in).  So delicious!  Now that they have been open a while its not as packed as when it first opened.
5	I could write a huge review about how much I love Portillo's, but I'm going to write a short review, which doesn't mean I love it any less, just that it's simple...I love this place!I admit I'm addicted to their burgers and fries. I could easily come here all the time and be content with my life. I don't even think about other fast food joints anymore. Love it!! I have yet to try their desserts and shakes, but they look tasty! The food is so fresh. Burgers are delicious. Crinkle fries are crispy with the right amount of salt, topped off with a coke and I'm in burger heaven! Lucky I don't live too far from this location!
4	After shopping at Fry's, my husband and I decided to grab dinner at Portillo's. We had never been to a Portillo's previously and wanted to try it.  We contemplated parking and going in or using the drive-thru. We saw several employees standing outside with headsets and such; we were concerned something was wrong with the telecom system that most drive-thru places use. We decided to chance it and use the drive-thru. When we pulled up, a friendly employee greeted us and asked to take our order. We explained that this was our first time, so she handed us two menus. I decided to get the chili cheese dog and my husband decided on the Maxwell Street Style Polish dog. We both decided on onion rings. The employee told us to drive around and pay at the second window. Again, there were several employees outside waiting to take our money and hand us our food. They were all very friendly so I asked why they were standing outside. Apparently this is what they do! All day, every day - unless it's really busy and not efficient to do so. Call me crazy, but this was totally bizarre to me. It was a very hot day, but AZ can get scorching during the summer. Let's hope they are inside on those days! Our food was prepared quickly and we took it home to enjoy. My chili cheese dog was really good - everything was flavorful and the bun was soft. I had a bite of my husband's and it was really good too! I couldn't decide which I liked better. The onion rings were good but I probably wouldn't order them again. (They had more bread than onion - the ratio was off.) Looking through the menu more closely, they have a lot of items to choose from. I'll definately be back to try more!
3	Very loud, and overwhelming environment.  Personally I found it rather stressful, I guess it depends on your tastes.  The food was reasonably priced and tasty.  A good place to take kids, since the noise would easily drown out any tantrums they might throw.  I guess that is a positive, right?
2	OK, so after 2 tries, I'm giving this a 2 star review, which is a bit negative. Place is colorful as all get-out, and fun, loud, and kind of exciting first time you visit. After the 2nd time though, I think it's a tad overpriced for all the fanfare. And, yet we have another fast food joint, made to be a restaurant, where you have to pick up your own food. Note to all restauarnt owners... If I want to pay high prices for food, bring it to me! I don't want to stand in line, I don't want to wait for my name to be called, just bring the damn thing to my table. Hell... Even Carl's Jr. brings your order to where I am sitting.I'm not lazy. It's just stupid to pay restaurant prices for fast food, in a sense. It's not that often I crave a chili dog. But I can grab a can of Hormel's chili for a buck, and package of hot dogs for 2 bucks, and with cheese and inions, I can feed myself and 4 friends for about a buck each. What's the difference between my deal and this place? About Ten Frickin' Dollars I tell ya'. I can get a better hot dog at Costco, thank you very much. Won't be returning.And all you people from Chicago... Always talking about your town... Selling out the Diamondback games when your beloved Cubs are in town... Welcome Chicago to the Desert, etc. etc. Why did ya'all leave, and why are you here, if it's such a gosh-darn great town?????????
5	Man, this place is the real deal.  I am not from Chicago, and have never been there (other than time spent at O'Hare, which I'd rather forget) so I wasn't up on what the deal was with Portillo's.  Great hot dogs, and holy cow, chocolate cake shakes?!  This place is packed all the time, and I see why.
5	Took out of town family to this place, and it was our first time eating there.  The prices were reasonable, and the food was great.  Had everything from salads, to burgers to dessert, and everything we tried was good.  Will definitely be back!
5	I love their food!!!, they got killer cheese fries and all beef chili dogs!!!!!!, this is the 2nd Portillo's I've been to (I went to the one in Chicago 2 years ago), the service was good here, it gets packed during lunch time here and it's noisy which are cons but their great food makes up for that!!. Bring Portillo's to San Jose please!!!!
5	Love this place! I eat here about once a week!
2	Starting to slip. Went in for dinner at 5:00 on a Thursday. Not crowded but took 15 mins for food to arrive. The two parties before us had to return to the counter for missing items which backed up things further.  Wonder what things will be like when the snowbirds return.
4	I was in the mood for a hot dog, noticed the sign while driving on Shea and pulled in around 1:15 pm. People were starting to clear out, but the lobby and seating area was still packed. The decor was interesting and comfortable. This operation is very fast paced as Nydia mentioned in her review. What I like about the layout is you can see them preparing your food and it appears extremely well maintained, clean and organized. Update 1/2/14: Jumbo chili dog with grilled onions is messy and not much to brag about. The itailan beef was good, but not sure I agree with the masses on this one.
4	Really fun atmosphere for a fast food counter service kind of place w/ a drive through.  Jumbo hot dogs are super yummy, service is always great, employees are courteous, etc.The only thing I think sucks is that these super nice employees are forced to stand out in the AZ heat to take the drive through orders.  What happened to the old fashioned speaker systems.  I feel so sorry for them.  I think that is really stupid and sad.  They say it gets orders processed and out quicker, but I don't see how it could really make that much of a difference.  I wish they would change their policy on this.  They are out there even when it's not super busy for no apparent reason.
4	Went back again to try Hot Dog and fries and ice tea ! Hot dog was warmer and bun not soggy like first time! Ask for fries less salty but again were very salty but glad they were because a guy came around and asked how food was and gave me a piece of Chocalate Cake for the salty fries!:)) yummy ! Cake a must! Lots of fun people to chat with while waiting and eating!
5	I have been to Portillo's in Chicago, and love that they are now here in Scottsdale.The entire staff is fast, friendly, and efficient.  The atmosphere is great and somewhat retro.The food - I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and it was great.  My friend ordered the burger, which she enjoyed.  Next time I plan to try the croissant beef sandwich.Great family place, and packed for lunch!  Plan ahead, but still quick.A must visit place.
5	I was actually nervous that this Portillo's would be a disappointment. Nothing beats the original, but this location is still fantazmic. And I don't even have to catch a flight to Chicago! My heart started beating faster as soon as I walked in. The anticipation for the Portillo's Dog had me smiling giddily, like a little school girl on Puppy Day. Is Puppy Day a thing? If not, it should be.The hot dog was great, just like it was in Chi-Town. I'm no hot dog expert, but these are still the best I've ever had. If you don't like hot dogs, there are plenty of other offerings. The Italian beef sandwich is Great, tender beef, and dipped in gravy to your liking (Dry-light gravy, Extra gravy or totally Dipped in gravy). I like the beef sandwich with sweet peppers added, and I don't really even like peppers. They also have chicken sandwiches, fish sandwiches, a veggie sandwich, burgers and even..... salads. Most importantly, if you do like hot dogs... you have to get here as soon as possible to do work... Joey Chestnut style.
5	This place is awesome!! Sorry Teds Hot Dogs, this place is the new and approved! We where very impressed! I had the Chicago hot dog and bacon cheese burger. Nothing but smiles and happiness!
1	We were great fans of Portillo's when it first opened, even though there were long lines.I am from Chicago and appreciated that they brought hometown favorites here to Scottsdale.Tonight, we ordered one of the Chicago basics to go:  a big, Italian beef sandwich, wet, on a crispy roll with sweet peppers and extra a jus on the sideIt came back on a burnt roll, dry, with 3 overcooked pepper slivers that looked like they were from yesterday's leftovers and  a 1/2 full, tiny cup of a jus.When I called the manager, Peter about the problem, he could not be any more rude, unhelpful and condescending and finally said we could expect a refund in 7-10 days,  When, after 10 minutes waiting for and talking to him, I asked to talk with his boss, he said Jim had left for the day. No I'm sorry.  No how can we make this right.No nothing.My advice:  Stay away from this used to be a good place and go to Spinato's or Vermont Sandwich Company for a great beef sandwich,They understand being gracious to their customers; consistently serve real, quality food; and stand behind what they sell.
5	I've never had an Italian beef before my visit to Portillo's. I lived by one in California but I never tried it because I thought it was just hot dogs, but when I saw some of the pictures of the beef sandwiches and read the reviews, I was eager to give it a try. Since this location is right by my work, I finally had a convenient opportunity to give it a shot. We went through the drive-thru and service was crazy on point! It wasn't incredibly busy like I had seen passing by other times, so maybe the 7 staff members standing outside to take orders usually have more to do, but it seemed way overstaffed at that point. The food came out reasonably fast and you could feel the heat of the sandwich intensely through the bag. We decided to share a big beef sandwich, dipped (we love gravy) and with hot peppers, with a side of fries. The sandwich was so juicy it leaked through the bag, so next time ill probably ask them to double bag/wrap it! When we got home we devoured the entire meal with great satisfaction. The sandwich was huge, easily satisfying our hunger. Can't wait to have another, and maybe try a Chicago Style dog, I'm interested in what all the hype is about!
3	I had the beef dog with Italian beef all on one bun as I understand this is a trademark dish. I wasn't terribly impressed and will likely return to try some different things on the menu. Had good flavorS, I just may have ordered the wrong thing for my taste buds that day.
4	Portillo's is relatively new to the Valley and was slammed for the first two weeks it was open, making getting in a challenge, but well worth it.  These have to be the best hot dogs I have ever eaten in my life!  And the Italian beef sandwiches are amazing.  I had never had one before Portillo's and I wanted to see if they were as good as the pictures.  I was not disappointed in the least.  Add the sweet peppers folks, for a real treat.  The chicken sandwiches are excellent, but a chicken sandwich you can get anywhere.  Stay with the Italian beef and the great hot dogs and you cannot go wrong.  Then after, take a look at dessert.  Not an array of choices, but what they have cannot be beat:  strawberry shortcake or luscious chocolate layer cake.  It's hard to walk out without getting that strawberry shortcake!  Listen for you number and be entertained by the playful way they announce it.  "Number 8, no more wait!"  or "Number 11, come get your piece of heaven!"
3	I actually go to Portillo's a couple of times a month but not because the food is so great, or the atmosphere, or even the price.  It's simply convenient -- close to home and you get your food quickly since you order at a register and then pick it up at the counter.Ambiance is zero inside, and the outside patio features car fumes.The roast beef sandwich is probably their best item.  The rest - average.  The fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings are all just ok or maybe a bit less.  The hot dogs are fine, but try making them Sonora style and you might have something.If you are passing buy and are hungry and are willing to spend about $10 for a sandwich and fries, Portillo's will do.
5	Ah, Portillo's. Thank you for finally opening a restaurant in AZ! Every Chicagoan grows up on this food, and we adore it. Best french fries around, great charbroiled burgers, and you can never go wrong with a chocolate cake shake. Delicious chocolate shake + piece of delicious chocolate cake INSIDE the shake = heaven. Love me some Portillo's!
5	I think this place opened this spring and every time I drive by it's packed, so I had to find out what all the hoopla was about! I chose to go to the drive thru it's always busy too , The place was jammin on a Saturday afternoon. The young girl at the drive thru greeted me, I mentioned that I had never been here before what did she recommend? She said they were famous for their Chicago Beef sandwiches and of course the Hot Dogs. I wasn't feeling too risky so I chose a hot dog and french fries with a coke. I waited till I got home to dig in. Well now I know what all the HOOPLA'S about! Best darn hot dog and fries I've ever had!! The french fries are amazing. It's been a week and I'm still thinking about them. (I may have to join a 12 step program because of those fries, so GOOD) Hot Dog was delish. Juicy , hot , and perfect condiments. I shared the fries with a friend, she too enjoyed them as much as I had, in fact she couldn't stop thinking about them either so she stopped in a few days later to get her Portillo's Fix!  Oh and one more thing, they serve the soft drinks in Styrofoam which I love, it keeps your drink super cold and prevents the ice from melting. Love this Place next time, I'm having the onion rings !
5	All I can say is "fully dipped Italian Beef"!!! Holy Cow this place tasted good.  It was busy but quick and the staff very competent!
5	Love, love, love! I had yummy Italian beef...the hot peppers are a must!  The atmosphere is great and I cannot wait to come back for a Chicago dog ASAP. I finished my meal with the Chocolate Cake shake and I'm sure no other shakes compare! Delish!!!!
4	Portillo's Hot Dogs looks like the love child between a 50's Diner and the Las Vegas Strip.I don't even like hot dogs but the throngs of people flowing through the doors at noon piqued our curiosity. After some initial disorientation due to the over abundance of signage, we located a paper menu and were pleasantly surprised that most of the menu items were not hotdogs. I ordered a broiled chicken sandwich and my husband  chose the Italian roast beef sandwich.  My sandwich was fabulous! The bun was super fresh and there was a moist real chicken breast with some lettuce and tomato on it. The Italian sandwich was loaded with meat which had been soaked in a flavourful au jus. The $5 prices seemed like a bargain for them. The sides of fries and onion rings  were nothing special but the apple walnut chicken salad and the chocolate malt are on my list for our next visit. Interestingly many of the employees seem to be a couple of generations older than your typical fast food kind of place and they are super friendly and efficient .
5	Went through the drive through with my family. We wanted to grab some quick desert as we went to another restaurant for dinner across the street. My brother works here so we have been here many times. I got the cake shake which was good but not fantastic. Service was good too.
5	If I lived closer to this place, I would be morbidly obese. The italian beef here is the best I've ever had, and the dogs are top notch too. The wife and kid thought the chicken was amazing as well.
4	Food: I thought it was definitely worth the trip across town. Just imagine a Costco dog with all the fixings, including a slice of pickle and some yellow peppers. Simple and delicious. I also tried their dipped beef sandwich, which is actually my preference. Just know that the dipped beef is a little messy to eat and the bread gets real mushy...mmmmm. Can't beat the portions either.Value: I thought the price was very reasonable for what you get. Service: Outstanding.All in all, if you've never been to a Portillo's, I highly recommend. It's like Chi-town's In-N-Out. Even if you end up not liking it, I think you'll appreciate the experience.
4	I don't know what to think of this place. I mean, I really do like it (I'm giving it 4 stars), but it's not what I was expecting. I had heard SO MUCH about Portillo's before going, but despite that I didn't realize it's basically glorified fast food (and I don't mean that in a bad way at all). For some reason I thought it was more like casual dining.Anyway, I've been here a few times since I recently started going to a new doctor in this area & I've really liked what I've had. I will say, I got things that probably aren't the most popular items, which actually probably speaks to how good this place is (my dad always gets the chili cheese dogs w/grilled onions & LOVES them). I've had the chicken tenders, grilled chicken sandwich, and beef on a croissant, all of which were yummy. I also LOVE the cheese fries. The fries are crinkly & I like that cheese is on the side. I also tried the chocolate cake & brought home the strawberry shortcake on my last visit. The chocolate cake was VERY rich, but it was a huge slice. I really LOVED the Italian style shortcake, though.  This place is a really weird place to dine in at. I do like that they are kind of old school when you place your orders. They write it down as you order and call it out to the back over a microphone before ringing it up. I think this makes for less mistakes, especially on orders that aren't as exactly as the item(s) are on the menu. However, I do wish they had a soda fountain where you could serve yourself. It's nice to grab your drink immediately while waiting for your order (it also makes it easier for refills). They also serve you your food here as if everything is takeout (bagged up) whether your dining in or not. It's not a big deal, but it seems like kind of a waste to bag up food, rather than just place it on a tray if your gonna dine-in.The few times I've been here have always been late afternoons (right after the lunch crowd), and although things have been pretty busy the wait to order & for food isn't bad. From what I understand though this place gets PACKED at peak hours. All in all I really like Portillo's, and think it's a good, "different" fast food place to stop by and grab a bite to eat at when in this area.
5	LOVE their hotdogs!!! I am new to Scottsdale and was staying in a hotel nearby.  A big hotdog fan, I thought I would try it.  I have been back 4 times now.  Their hotdogs are wonderful, WAY better than Costco!!!.The decor is really cute, food is good, TONS of staff so you never have to wait long for anything.  Their milkshakes are also very good.You can either sit inside, go through the drive through, or sit on a outside patio. Unfortunately they don't allow dogs on the patio though :(Highly recommend if you are hotdog fan!!
5	Portillo's has to be the best place for lunch ever! I love the Italian beef w/ sweet peppers, cheeseburger, hot dog and onion rings. I even tried the tamale at the same time.If I lived closer, then I would come here every week. The food is exactly the same as it was in Chicago. Excellent!
2	Was excited about the hot dog experience considering the reviews however the hot dogs were below average. We ordered the signature original hot dog and it was not good, I much prefer the Costco hot dog hands down. The only reason I would even consider going back is because their onion rings were phenomenal. One of the best I've ever had. Chili fries were also decent. However considering they specialize in hot dogs, I think they are in no comparison to what I'm used to back home (Seattle).
2	I had this place bookmarked for months before I finally made it. The place was packed and lines were long, which means it must be worth the wait! I felt a little rushed through the ordering process, but they made it work and it was definitely fast service, which was great because I was on a break from a class across the street. Oh yeah, the seating arrangement was a pain though! The place is huge but not big enough for everyone to sit down, causing people to turn to seat vultures, eyeballing you to hurry it up with your meal they don't have to stand there anymore.Now the food... It was delicious! I had an Italian beef (dipped plus hot peppers) and a bottle of water. My co-worker was kind enough to share her fries with cheese sauce and I only had a few, but let me be honest in saying I could make a meal out of those! Yum. So, I would be back for the fries alone.Let me tell you why the two stars and why only the cheese fries would get my business. I was soooo sick to my stomach the rest of the day. I could feel the grease from the "gravy" sitting in my stomach and was belching the taste through the next day. This is not normal for me and so disgusting! Like I said earlier, it was delicious, however, after that bout I am too scared to give the sandwich another shot.
3	Great Chicago Hot beef and tamales.Hot dogs soggy wet and limp.Miss the beer served in Chicago Portillos.
1	This place is overhyped.  The food is ok, the portions a bit small for the price.  It's not the Oregano's of hot dogs like most of the reviews would lead you to believe.
3	So I had never heard of this place before a couple of colleagues talked highly about it so we had lunch there that day. Now the food was actually really good, I had a burger wrapped in lettuce, messy (as expected) but good! the problem was that the next day, of the 6 of us that went to lunch, 4 of us got food poisoning. now I assume this isn't too common otherwise there'd be pretty big problems. I didn't give a terrible star rating because the food really was pretty delicious... good luck
4	I'm going to give this review another try.My first review of Portillo's got removed by Yelp HQ...something I said about their Italian sausage resembling a d^#k they didn't care for, I guess.Phallic shaped foods in my book are simply the best.They're fun to eat.They're also fun to dangle, pretend suck, angrily bite, and wave around when no-one is looking except your wife. Their Italian sausage sandwich is delicious with its hint of fennel and anise flavoring, a must in any good Italian sausage. Their all beef hot dog is good too. Nice and flimsy, and long too, good for waving around, signaling your naughty intentions for later. The fries, onion rings and shakes are all pretty decent. The bill was twenty bucks and I didn't get laid afterward.She might want to apply for a job at Yelp HQ.
4	This place has the best Italian beef sandwich I've ever had!!! Will be back on Saturday!!!!
5	Great food, especially the Italian Beef! Make sure you get it with the sweet peppers. Love the onion rings. Atmosphere is very friendly. Service is great and entertaining.
4	Portillo's has been on my list of places to go since it opened and glad I finally went last weekend. I never bothered to read reviews or visit the website and thought it was just a big hot dog joint. How excited can anyone ever get about a hot dog?After reading some great reviews here, my wife and I made an early lunch run Sunday to try the Italian Beef sandwiches and were both very glad we did. She got hers with the spicy peppers and I went with the sweet peppers ($0.50 extra) and neither option disappointed! The peppers came with just the right amount of juice to soak the meat and roll.The fries were crinkle cut, crispy and just the right amount of salt. The big plus was for an extra $0.50, you get a side of liquid cheese to dip them in if you're into that.  Onion rings were great too! There were a lot of other things on the menu I wanted to try but didn't have the room for, so we will definitely add Portillo's to our list of favorite places to eat at since its right down the street.The only negative is that it's crowded and there is no self service soft drinks :(
1	We've eaten in Chicago and had great food, but this place is the worst. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things, but would never go here again.I got the bbq chicken salad and my husband got the chicken sand. My chicken tasted like a byproduct of hot dog, spam and chicken - absolutely disgusting. I almost hurled. I was so hungry and took the rest of it off the salad just to eat something. The chicken sand felt like a box of air when we took it out of the bag. It was mushy and came with nothing on it. Plus, they wanted $.31 for ranch dressing. You must be kidding me?! The onion rings tasted like frozen rings and the ketchup cups were so small, we couldn't even dip it in anything.We saw a lot of people got the beef sandwich, and looked good, but will never go here again to even try it. I'll take a bag of Skittles and a Snickers for dinner before I'll visit this place.
5	Visited Portillos recently and will say that the Italian beef and sausage sandwich is my favorite sandwich in the world. Bursting with flavor from the sweet and hot peppers.The service was fantastic and they now have new location in Tempe.
5	Damn their hot dogs are good!! It was my first time here and we split a hot dog, a polish dog, and an Italian beef sandwich. Everything was really really good, but the hot dog was my fave, so go with the original and get that. The bun and all the toppings are fantastic. Great quick spot (they even have a drive thru) for a sinful comfort food.
5	This place is legit.  Had a chili dog.  Amazing.  Had an Italian beef.  Amazing.  Best restaurant of its kind in the Valley.  Al's just down the road is good, but this place is great.
2	Hmmm... This review is probably one of the most difficult to write. I live within 3 miles of this restaurant. I have driven past many times and always wondered what it was about.  when I saw the reviews on yelp I thought it was worth a try.However I really don't understand why people would give this four stars. It's a cheap and not very good burger joint... With some hot dogs and want to be sausages.I ordered it Thai and meet and sausage sandwich... And it was just a big soggy nasty mess. Not very appetizing and not very good at all.The french fries are like you buy from the store frozen Oreda. They're not well cooked or well seasoned or unique at all.  The salad bar is a joke... It looks like a mess and not very good options or tasty offerings.The hamburgers are plain and disgusting. Not much thought no uniqueness. It's not even as good as cooking at home.The chocolate cake was disgusting. People will review saying it's cheap and good... But it's not even cheap. You and up paying nearly 5 bucks for a hamburger and fries. Smash burger is far better for the same money.I really have a hard time understanding what people see in this place.
4	Portillos makes a very strong Italian Beef Sandwich - no question.  There is a reason they are a Chicago favorite and quickly becoming an Arizona favorite too!  I don't waste my time with hot dogs when there is an Italian Beef calling my name so I can't help you there.  The fries are also krinkle fries which are a personal favorite and remind me of my long lost RUNZA.  If you are in the area this place makes for a solid meal!
3	The hot dog was good but, really? What's all the hub-bub? I was still hungry when I finished it so that's not a good sign right there. I ordered a chili dog with mustard, ketchup and cheese and onion rings. The onion rings were too breaded and too crispy (yes, there is such a thing as too crispy). The place is a bit confusing to figure out when you walk in -- need more signage. I'm sure I'll come back here to give them another shot, but I don't see what the big deal is...yet.
4	Pretty great food. It's really just popular for being the chain it is. It's a little chaotic and always full, but it's a great experience. I've tried quite a few of the items and been here multiple times, so here are my reviews for them.Chili cheese hotdog: Great! Chock full of cheese, chili, and onions. The hotdogs are great quality and the buns are soft, and delicious. Make sure to get the jumbo size! Definitley a lot bigger, but not too much more expensive.Regular Hotdog: Just okay. I guess I'm not fans of any chicago dogs, but on the bright side, the thing was very full!Italian Beef: MMMM!! What can I even say? The first bite was a little weird, but as I kept eating, it got more and more amazing!! The beef is perfectly cooked, and almost buttery tasting, and has a little kick of heat. THe flavor is seriously amazing, and bread compliments it perfectly. And for those who complain it's soggy, it's dipped in the juices! If you don't like it, ask for it "Dry" Cheese Fries: The fries are quite generic, but they're cooked perfectly crispy, and the inside is very soft. The cheese, as always, is great.Burgers: They're pretty great. But why would you order a burger at Portillos? Good, but not recommended unless you're not a fan of anything else here.Chopped Salad: Pretty good. But still, not worth it.  It has a very unique flavor and a nice sweet tang. Probably not worth getting again.Chocolate cake shake: Just okay, great for chocolate lovers, but too sweet in my taste.Overall, if you're a hotdog fan and looking for a great hotdog in the valley, this is defintley recommended. I also recommend the italian beef. One thing about this place is that it can add up to be a bit pricey if you order a few things.
2	People from Chicago love this place! I am not from Chicago. I've tried a few things here since the restaurant opened. The Italian beef, imo, wasn't worth all the hype or wait. Hot dog was tasty, but how can you screw up a hot dog other than putting ketchup on it! This restaurant should be ashamed of itself for allowing their canned disgusting tamales to be served here, especially in AZ. Too crowded. Too pricey. Plenty of better restaurants in the area.
5	I'm a midwestern girl - been to Chi-town many a times over the years.  But somehow I never made it to the infamous Portillo's.Fast forward to my life in the desert and a Portillo's happens to pop up right in my neighborhood!  Could not have been more excited to try this place, especially after my Chicago friends talked it up more than Lou Malnati's.  If you're a fan of the chi-style hot dog with everything under the sun, this will really hit the spot.  Their chopped salad was surprisingly excellent as well.  I'm told the desserts are really delish so I hope to make a trip back soon for some milkshake goodness.A++ Portillo's - now open your next location in SF so I can get some more of you whenever the mood strikes!
3	This place is pretty good.  The hot dogs are probably the best item I've tried, had the chili cheese dog - cheese is a little pasty so I would have it without next time but I enjoyed it otherwise. The regular hot dog is good, they put a ton of toppings on it and it has good flavor.  The burgers are just ok, I like the char broiled flavor but the meat was a little rubbery.  Italian beef was soggy and had a flavor I didn't care for, I think the was the gravy, it had an off/almost artificial beef flavor.  Their onion rings are very good and I love the crinkle cut fries.I would like to try the tamale in a bowl and their sausage sandwich so I'll be heading back but you can get better burgers/dogs at other places (AJ's supermarket is actually better).  It always seems to be mobbed so they clearly have their fans, to me it's just ok.
3	Ok Hot dog.....not like I remember....brands that move out here should make sure they can do it right.If you want a nice sausage sandwich (ITALIAN)...do Galileo Bakery about a mile away
1	So disapponted with Portillo's.  Don't know where the meat was on my italian beef, and the bun was not fresh.  How can a bun be hard with their high volume traffic?  I asked the counter person if I added peppers for a fee if they give a generous helping.  The person said, "Yes."  When I got it, there were 2 thin slices about an inch long...bizarre that there was an upcharge for this.  Charging for toppings rubbed me the wrong way anyway...75 cents.  I am from Chicago area and I don't get their popularity.  Maybe it is the local management being stingy with the quantities and skimping on quality control issues.
5	This place ROCKED. Everything was absolutely delicious. The loaded hot dogs were so good and the homemade relish was really good too.  We also tried the chili dog and the chili was just meh. Awesome cake shakes too!
5	Yum yum good stuff. Best in town. I used to love Luke's but will be going here for my beef sandwich from now on. Just got back from Chicago and saw they had 2 locations in AZ. Sorry for Luke's I went to Chicago and tried Portillos.
2	Normally I have enjoyed coming to Portillo's but an old problem I had before surfaced.  I ordered a hotdog with no orders in front of me.  It took more than 5 minutes to make one hotdog.  Again no orders in front of me.  Oh by the way they do not have blue cheese dressing for their salads.  Who does not have blue cheese dressing with 12 salads on the menu?  Pretty poor.  Guess I will have to reconsider coming here in the future.
5	Coming from the mid-west I have to say the heavens have opened up and dropped my home town food here in AZ after years of us trying to find anything close to the Chicago-style food!! Pretty much the same taste and quality of the Portillos back home. Best Italian beef and hotdog you will ever find in the desert guaranteed.
5	Yummy!! Trying the polish sausage today-- I usually get the chicken sandwich but today it's time for something new! Coworkers always get the Italian sausage and yummy French Fries and onion rings. I have to say that next time I come, I am committing to getting a milkshake!
2	Ok so maybe I dont get why they had 4 attendants ( people) threw the drive threw area one asking order, even when they had a drive up menu / with speaker box  and there where 2 of those, one handling money -- even this freaks me out a bit espic hoping the right change is handled properly, and 4 was at drive threw window. TO me that seems like a wasted staff amount probably could be used inside rather then outside. Took about 7 mins for order big meat - Italian Beef sand. The meat and auju was great bread was lacking it. The onion rings could tell they where fresh however a little bland we where in drive threw and not presented our drink while waiting for our food. I dont mind waiting espic if I have a drink to chill out too but to me that was interesting. I do not understand concept of having to stop and talk to people I would rather pull too the menu board and order that way. If there triing to be like sonic ? It was a friday however I still do not understand why so many steps and still left a little confused. I rather run into chompies.
5	This could be the best beef/sausage combo sandwich I've had in my life.  The food is consistently great, and service is efficient and friendly.The hot pepper topping is a must, unless you're not into spicy obviously.  Ask for a little extra, it's that good.
5	Yummy!! Trying the polish sausage today-- I usually get the chicken sandwich but today it's time for something new! Coworkers always get the Italian sausage and yummy French Fries and onion rings. I have to say that next time I come, I am committing to getting a milkshake!
5	It's difficult to say anything bad about this place. Even when it's busy, which is always, there service is always efficient and I'm not waiting any longer than most other "fast food" restaurants. I remember this restaurant when being in Chicago, very happy it's the same great quality out in Arizona now!
5	We're from Chicago and have lived in the valley for over 41 years. During that time we've tried many places to get a good Chicago Italian Beef sandwich. None of them had the right texture, seasoning, moisture to be called a Chicago style sandwich. Today we visited Portillo's and are so happy we did.  We had their Italian Beef sandwich and it was like being back in Chicago. We LOVED it. My husband liked it so much he ordered the Big Beef sandwich to go and had it later this evening at home.  One of their salads made my mouth water so next time I'm going to try that. It's an apple walnut chicken salad. The place is large, airy, a little on the noisy side, quick service, plenty of space and an outside patio. We will be back and I'm sure it'll be multiple times.
5	Great chopped salad!!  Great beef sandwich and hamburgers and I love the staff and atmosphere!
5	I'm a Chicagoland native and couldn't wait for the arrival of Portillos to the desert. This place does a lot really well - Italian beef, sausage, burgers, chicken sandwich, salads, desserts and, of course, hot dogs. Great prices. Bottled water for 69 cents! Great atmosphere and outstanding service for a fast good joint. My only disappointment is that they didn't bring to Arizona the Barnelli's side of the restaurant. Two requests for Mr. Portillo - please bring Barnelli's and please, please build in the Northwest valley - Peoria, Arizona would be great in honor of its sister city in Illinois.
4	I really like Portillo's dogs and beef and tamales and even fries, but they must find a better way to package take out Chicago hot dogs.By the time you get them home, they are soggy and squished and disappointing. Wrapping them in paper and throwing them in a bag with everything else just does not do them justice.  It works ok for Beef sandwiches which are juicy any way, but even they would be better if packaged to go better.
4	Ever want to know what people from Chicago look like when vacationing in Scottsdale? Well then head on over to Portillo's Hot Dogs and check'em out in all their glory. Best hot dog you'll ever have, and it's only $3 for a jumbo. it's only the best if you get everything on it. If you're a plain hot dog eater, go to Costco. Their cheese fries are great, but only get them if you like the fake nacho cheese, cause that's what they put on them. I get my beef sandwich "dipped" in gravy, with mozzarella and sweet peppers. You might need a fork and knife, but it's worth it. Skip the chocolate cake shake. IMO, I don't know what the big fuss is over that thing.Originally they had people from Chicago training the Scottsdale team on how to act like they are from Chicago. Unfortunately, they are (or at least, seem to be) all gone now, so you're left with teenagers trying to pretend like their from Chicago. It's both endearing and awkward. The location is great and the play great music. A little nostalgia never hurt anyone. I wish they would allow dogs on the patio like Culver's across the street.
5	Just eat here and You'll know why us people from Chicago are a little heavier than most. Yuuuuuuum
3	Atmosphere was cool and the portillos hot dog was fantastic, but...it took forever to get 2 hot dogs and it was pretty empty in there, onion rings were burnt, and no refills on drinks brought the rating down, but the hot dogs make up for it.
5	Having lived in Illinois, I'm so so so happy that they have Portillo's in Scottsdale. Best things to get when you're there: Italian beef with sweet peppers, Italian sausage, (if both the Italian beef and sausage sound good to you, don't pick between them, just get the Combo!), the Chicago Style dog. However, you absolutely cannot leave Portillo's without trying their famous chocolate cake. If you're on the go, definitely get the chocolate cake shake.
5	They are famous for their authentic Chicago style hot dogs, but their burgers are just as delicious!
4	The Chicago dog, onion rings and chicken tenders are amazing!! I would recommend any of those to everyone! The only thing I don't like from there is the chili dog but other than that love Portillos! Oh and the shakes are great too!
5	I was SOOOO excited when I heard Portillo's was opening in Scottsdale...I almost had to wipe away tears of joy!  This was always one of my "go to" spots when returning to the Chicagoland area.  Best Italian Beef here or there!  I also really like their chopped salad and of course Chicago Style Hot Dog and onion rings.  Really you can't go wrong with their menu and what I like best is that it tastes EXACTLY like it does in Chicago.  Dick Portillo has quality control down to an art unlike other Chicago chains who have tried to make the transition to Phoenix (which everyone knows is the largest suburb of Chicago..lol).
5	My boss surprised our office with portillos and it was the most amazing hotdog place, took me back to the times i was a kid playing in chicago. this place blows all the other hotdog places out the water. Please avoid hometown dogs worse experience ever just drive the extra miles for an amazing dog from this fine establishment awesome customer service as well.
5	An incredibly impressive establishment. The staff goes above and beyond, the food is simple and well made, and the place is clean and classically cute. As pescetarians, we were a little worried about the quality of fish and veggie items at such a popular carnivore joint - so glad we risked it!! We ordered the Grilled Tuna sandwich and the Grilled Vegetable sandwich - both great!! These aren't just token non-meat items - they're really tasty!!The tuna was the perfect drive-thru fish sandwich - tender and yummy, served on a small, fresh bun  (not fried, not gross!!). The veggie was a generous portion on fancy bread - lovely fresh grilled vegetables, Havarti cheese and nothing else! So healthy and tasty! The people who work here obviously take pride in providing excellent, friendly service. Door greeting, directions, order taking, etc were great, plus an employee held the garbage can open for us! I kept turning to my husband and saying, "wow, how can they all be this nice?"We're so excited to find such a tasty, healthy bargain right near our gym!! Feeling like we won the lotto :-)
3	I always feel guilty when I write a review for a place that specializes in a particular food, e.g. hot dogs, sausage, etc. and I go and order something completely out of the norm.  Please take that as a disclaimer.  In this case, I visited the renowned Portillo's Hot Dogs and ordered what?  A vegetable sandwich.  Guilty as charged.Once I read the description on the menu, I knew I had to try it.  It promised me freshly grilled veggies,  mushrooms and Havarti cheese on grilled foccacia.  The promise of yum.  Unfortunately, the sandwich didn't really deliver.  The positives:  it was large (enough for two meals) and served piping hot.  Unfortunately, I couldn't distinguish the flavor of any of the vegetables.  Everything just combined and it wasn't very tasty.  I think the mushrooms were overpowering.  Again, I get it.  This is not their specialty and I won't hold it against them, too much.  On a positive note, I like their fries.  They were served fresh with just the right amount of salt.Service was fairly friendly.  The drive-thru is efficient although I got a very confused server who kept trying to deliver the wrong order to my car. Bottom line:  I am game to try it again, when I'm in the mood for a hot dog.
5	I was told by a Chicago native to try this place before they even opened. It has been on my to-try list for over a year and I made it this weekend.Best hot dog I have had in Phoenix.Tried a hamburger, fries and onion rings too.The Jumbo dog was excellent. Juicy without being greasy and I like the Chicago style fixins too. The hamburger was great. Not a toasted bun, but everything else was perfect. The Fries are awesome. Soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. Onion rings were a disappointment in my opinion. Batter to Onion ratio is to high for "my" liking.I will be back.
5	Such a fun place with simple, amazing food! This was our first time here and I can see it being a regular spot for us. My husband had The hot dog and the chili cheese dog and they were delicious. I got the Mediterranean salad and it was fresh and so yummy. I love that they have healthy options. I can't wait to come back and try more!
5	First experience at Portillo's was at the one in Chicago. When I found out there was one in Scottsdales, I was excited! Went out there for GIANTS spring training and had to make a stop at this place. It was just as delicious as I remember!My go to milkshake flavor is chocolate but bf ordered the strawberry and it was YUM-MAY!
5	First time going here was today. I have to say it was amazing. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was fun. The only thing I didn't like was the girl that took our order, she was rude.
5	I hate to admit it, but this place is bomb-hot-dog-diggity!  I was tempted to wimp out and get a salad, but boy am I glad I didn't... the Italian beef sammie and hot dog do not disappoint.
1	From 1977 2 1998 I lived in Bolingbrook Illinois, few years later in the 80's Portillos open a restaurant there. they served Vienna products and were the top dog and polish sausage anywhere. In 2003 I moved to Arizona, at Portillos moved in a year or so ago . I was thrilled at first because as I said they were the top dog in Chicago area. Well obviously here in Arizona that all came to a stop. the products they serve now are garbage no longer Vienna here in Arizona at least not sure about Illinois obviously to save a buck , and the dogs polish beef are no longer the same. I can get a better be hot dog a Polish sausage at Chicago land hot dogs in Mesa, they use high end Vienna products like Portillos used to. Don't let the conglomerate that is now Portillos take your money for an inferior product.
4	The House Hot Dog is amazing!
4	Awesome place with quality food!  I loved the Italian Beef sandwich (dipped for me) and it had such good flavor.  Can't wait to try other items from the menu.  The wife got one of the hotdogs and really enjoyed that too!
5	What is not to like! Best Chicago beef and Chicago hot dogs in Arizona. It is almost always crowded but the service is great- - whether going through the drive through or eating inside.....prices are fair and the food is plentiful. I've had a couple of the salads too and they are delicious also.
5	Thank you. Finally, a real Chicago restaurant. It tastes just like home. I was there opening day just before the door opened. They are as yummy and fast. I used to drive to the California location every now and then just to get my fix.  The italian beef sandwich is so good.
5	We love coming here! Everything is fresh and tastes great! Best beef! And let's not forget the fries! Even if I get a salad I have to get a side of fries!
5	i grew up outside of chicago and used to go the villa park one a with my parents all the time.  I was skeptical when they opened out here. i thought ahh it wont be as good.  I would have to say its better!  if you have moved out here from chicago both locations (scottsdale and tempe) will not disappoint.  big beef with hot peppers, dipped of course is the only way to go.  cheese fries....just like i remember. the thing i really like...both locations are super clean and even when there are lines it moves very fast.
5	I never been to a hot dog joint like this before!!!  And it's so cheap too!!  I love what they include on these all-beef hotdogs.  I'm salivating just thinking about this.
5	I've been here several times and they serve the greatest fast foods.  I love their Italian beef, sausage and chili dogs. Their fries and onion rings are also great, not too greasy or dried out!   I just wish they offered more items for dessert! The atmosphere is really cool, and I found myself looking around at all the posters, and other decorations. No problems with finding a nice parking space either.  It's also got great outdoor tables (with misting).
4	Do you need to be from Chicago to understand what makes Portillo's a cult favorite?  Perhaps.  Even so, Portillo's is good.Portillo's is really big and as crowded as it gets, and it does get crowded, there is always a place to sit.  Lines can be long at times but move swiftly.  The staff is courteous and efficient.  Portillo's is set up with an order counter, a pick up counter and general seating.  The menu is large.  I had the Italian beef sandwich with a generous dunk of gravy.  I was surprised to find the spices I did on the meat; I did get red pepper flakes and wish I would have known as I am allergic.  It was still tasty though.  Do I crave Portillos'?  No.  Would I make the drive just to go get Portillo's?  No.  Would I eat here again.  Sure, when in the area.
4	Needed a 'pick me upper' after spending some time on the phone with HP support. Thought of grtting a Chicago Dog and drink, cost nder $5.There were a lot of to employees at drive thru taking orders and two at the puck up wsindow.That Chicago dog tasted great with everything on it. great crunch and the dog itself had that great Needed a 'pick me upper' after spending some time on the phone with HP support. Thought of grtting a Chicago Dog and drink, cost nder $5.There were a lot of to employees at drive thru taking orders and two at the puck up wsindow.That Chicago dog tasted great with everything on it. great crunch and the dog itself had that great furm texture. texture.That really hit the spot.
5	OMG this has to be the best fast food ever! I don't really get excited about hot dogs but this was the best hot dog ever. OMG sooooo yummy. Got it with everything and highly recommend. The people who work there are really nice and it has a fun feel to it. Lots and lots of choices. I have to go back again soon to try some of their other things c
5	OMG what is this place? And why-oh-why did I discover just as summer in Phoenix is gearing up?This place is soooo good with amazing customer service. Everything on the menu looks delicious even their salads, but um, so far I haven't "had a chance" to try one -- to preoccupied with these delicious hot dogs and ITALIAN BEEF sandwiches. Food is super fresh and taste really high quality (for fast food). This is actually the only fast food I will eat. So YUMMMY. Seriously. This place even has a drive-thru. Most delicious casual lunch/dinner place in the entire North Scottsdale area. A true favorite.
4	This place is fast and good food.
4	Dogs were good and priced well. I visited on a Monday around 1:30.
4	I did not know what to expect going to a hot dog resturant but this place was a nice surprise. The dogs were great and the hamburger was moist and flavorful. Hope the make it to Austin, Tx soon.
5	We have been to Portillos in the Chicago area many times & are never disappointed, so when we saw they had one in Scottsdale, we jumped at the chance to go not once, but twice, while we were in the Valley.  We were not disappointed at all.  We felt like we were back in Chi-town!  The Italian beef was as great as ever, then I saw that they have a "combo" sandwich with Italian sausage & beef together!  So I asked my brother who lived in Chicago about this & he said that's all he ever gets!  So we came back a second time & I had that & OMG - it's heavenly!  I also had their chocolate cake shake!  Maybe it's the "kid in me", but it reminded me of when you were having cake & ice cream & you mix them together!One tip - when you order, hang close to the pick up counter, they DO NOT call order numbers in exact order & it's quite boisterous in there, so you can miss your number (which on the first visit, we did & I'm pretty sure someone took our order).  They quickly made it for us again, but lesson learned, the 2nd time, I stayed close & made sure to grab our order as soon as it came up!
3	Atmosphere is very casual, and if you aren't familiar with the menu, your first time will require you to take a few minutes to process the myriad choices available to you (Italian beef, Italian sausage, hot dog, chili dog, chicken tenders, fried halibut, fries, with cheese, and/or without chili, hot peppers, sweet peppers, chocolate cake, or strawberry milkshake, you name it, and this Midwest restaurant favorite may make you miss home...  Takes me back to my days working at Barney 's Ribs (another Portillo brand).  Oh, and everything is a la carte!Mom enjoyed her chili cheese dog, ate it all, and even though she suffered tremendous pain from the onions and beans, she wanted to have another one the next day!  (I told her maybe once-a-week is a better option- too much sodium, you know.)  The beef was good, but I didn't really care for it in a croissant, as I prefer eating crispy, flaky layers, and not the soggy mess I had for lunch.  There also wasn't much cheese, except in the corners of the roll.  Will never order it again!  $0.60 for two strips of roasted hot peppers is a bit much...
4	I was in Chicago recently and went to the downtown location for a quick meal. I had the Italian beef and a friend had a hot dog.  I regretted not coming back to try a hot dog but, after learning there was a Portillo's in Scottsdale, I figured I'd get one back home.And I did.  I went here with the same friend. The restaurant's interior looks a lot like the Portillo's in Chicago except it's smaller and newer. This is one of those, walk up to a counter and place your order and then wait until your number is called along with something clever that rhymes with your number, "43 come and see me" (the woman in Chicago was much better, the guy in Scottsdale just didn't have his heart in it). You then sit in their large seating area. My friend got the Italian beef and I got a jumbo hotdog with everything.  Some comparisons - the Italian beef I got in Chicago was tasty but it was was very wet. I mean, running down your arm when you picked it up wet. The Italian beef here was moist but wasn't dripping.  The hotdog was OK. This was my first Chicago-style dog so maybe I just didn't know what to expect. It's a fat beef hotdog with mustard and there are sliced onions, pickles, peppers, etc just laying in the bun along with the hotdog. It was good, just not what I was used to.  My friend said she preferred the Italian beef over the hotdog she got in Chicago. I concur.On the plus side - $20 for an Italian beef, a jumbo hotdog, a shared side of onion rings and two soft drinks! Nice deal.
4	I am originally from Chicago, and I have discovered that a good Italian Beef sandwich is very hard to come by outside of the Chicago area. Enter Portillo's a Chicago-based restaurant. I love the Beef and Cheddar Croissant. It is what I order from Portillo's almost every time I am in one of their restaurants when I am back home, and it wAs a very pleasant surprise to find a Portillo's in the desert!The food is great and the service is pretty good. I was thrown off a tad when i ordered my sandwich sweet and wet, a term that most Chicagoans would easily understand, and the young lady behind the cash register looked at me like I was crazy. Fortunately, I was able to translate the lingo into layman's terms pretty easily, and it got me one of the best Beef and Cheddar Croissants that I have had.
5	This place is the BEST! All the food is great! We always get the big beef and split it because its huge! The chocolate cake shake is sooo good! We love the service and environment here! Totally worth the drive! Friendly staff and clean eating areas! We love portillos!!!
5	Love this Place! My wife and I grew up in Des Plaines just outside of Chicago. The Italian Beefs are the same as back home. Make sure you ask them to Dip it! I also like sweet and hot peppers and an occasional Italian sausage thrown in there.My wife loves the Beef and Cheddar Croissants. Don't forget some Cheese Fries and their Chocolate Cake Shake. Thanks for opening so close to our house. Now we don't have to fly back to Chi-town for great food!
3	Food was just ok.  Burgers and hot dogs are nothing to rave about.   Price ok.  Very clean and very friendly.
5	A throw back dining establishment great food and atmosphere. Casual and fun it is so much more than dogs. I ordered chili dogs and fries.
4	Hot dog, Italian beef or salads, can't make a mistake.  Love their outdoor patio.  Be sure to try the strawberry shortcake
5	Just like back home in Chicago.   Perhaps some of the locals that give lower reviews just don't get the Italian Beef Sandwich...it is a Chicago delicacy!Cheese Fries are addictive.  Been a patron of Portillos since the original Dog Shack.  Thank you Dick Portillo for opening in Scottsdale.  Please don't sell the franchise!
4	I don't miss the accent but I do miss the hot dogs. It was great to finally get to this Chicago favorite right here in Phoenix. I remember from back in the college days that the proud Chicagoans regularly boasted about their hot dog prowess but most stadiums disappointed me...not so when I would go to Portillo's. More often than not It served as hangover relief and the lifesaving hotdogs still taste great. I had the Polish sausage and those ruffled fries. Salty with plenty of mustard and onions and the ability to take me right back to the ridiculous winters and entertaining summers, Portillo's has great food and a good amount of nostalgia!
4	They do One thing right and that's the Italian Beef Sweet peppers. Don't care for anything else on the menu
1	I've come here often and always had good food and service. Except for today. My order was wrong. No big deal I walk up they offer to fix it I say ok. 15 minutes later no food. I walk up again and the guy asked if I had received my food. I said no so he went and had them make it again. They did. I get back to my table and the food is wrong again. Then when I walk back up the girl tells me I asked for different hotdogs. I asked for what I ordered and what was on my receipt. No one apologized. I got frustrated and walked to the cashier and asked for my money back. I said I'd pay for the burger and fries my girlfriend ate but not the hotdogs. What made me mad was no manager took responsibility or tried to make it right. All I got was grief from the employees for their mistakes. Sad to say but I'll never go back.
5	Best food ever.  Everything tastes good and the chocolate cake is top notch.  You cannot go wrong.  Eat and enjoy.
5	Always great!! All Beef , Big Beef, Maxwell Street....
4	Went for dinner last night with the wife, daughter and sister.  Been wanting to come here since they opened but wanted to wait til they slowed down.  What better time in Scottsdale but a muggy August night. Now this place started literally 3 miles where I grew up (Elmhurst, Il) so I new what to expect.  Really impressed by the wide open restaurant.  Food was as I remembered. The only complaint I have is if you order a salad it comes out in a totally different location then the rest of the deliciousness.  Where is the soda machine for refills?  Didn't want to go up and ask for a refill for 2 reasons: would have been disappointed if they said they charged and I was going home to drink Sierra Nevada. Also,they need to be more attentive to the restroom, no paper towels but they had an environmentally caring jet driven hand blower that got the job done.
5	This is the ONLY fast food place I will go. I always get my order char grilled which takes an extra few minutes but so worth the wait. Their hot dogs are the perfect size with just the right amount of onions, relish, tomatoes and peppers for a nice kick. I know they offer a jumbo dog if you are very hungry but the regular dog will leave you without the feeling of total regret. The service and staff members are very sweet and know how to do their job.
4	Portillos is a great place to grab lunch. They offer a variety of food at a good price. I recommend the burgers, but also enjoy the salads and Italian beef.
5	Love this place for the Italian Beef sandwiches and fries, they are both amazing.  Same quality as the locations in Chicago.  Big thumb up!
2	There was so much hype about this place that the bar was set super high, but my first visit was terrible. Had never been here before so my girlfriend and I were standing beyond where the line was looking at the menu. An 'usher', or whatever they are, jettisoned us (rather rudely also I must say) into the line saying we have to get in line, despite our remarks that we had never been here and didnt know what to order. He insisted so we got in line and within 30 seconds were pushed to the counter. We still had almost no time to look at the menu and we let the employee know that we were pushed through and we weren't ready and then he got frustrated with us. Felt like I was in the twilight zone. Hot dogs are sub-par and disappointing. Luke's of chicago was way better in my opinion. Not allowed to sit at a table and wait unless you have food, must clean up your own plates and throw everything away your self. Not really much a restaurant format. Wonder exactly what I am paying for here; average food and attitude it seems. Gave them 2 more tries and results were similar. Not coming back here.
4	Good hot dogs for the price iam fanatic of the sonoran hot dogs this is total different and i like good place and nice atmosphere.
4	Great place for lunch. We've been here twice now and have been happy with the food. Hamburgers are good also. Try the chili covered tamale. It's a great snack. And of course the hot dogs are top notch.
3	I was excited to try this place, but I just don't get the hype.  Hot dogs were good, fries good, Italian beef was nothing special.  Service was good, fast, staff very friendly.  Not close to where we live in Phoenix and not worth the special trip, but would eat there again if we were in the area.
5	This place has the best Italian beef sandwich I have ever had hands down! Beats out Al's beef without a doubt. I ordered a beef with extra gravy and sweet peppers . Wow they have the gravy down awesome sandwich . Everything holds together perfect, the bread does not fall apart even with the extra gravy .the sweet peppers were a perfect combination with the beef . You can even add mozzarella , which I didn't honestly it does not need cheese .I hope the food stays consistent , which I know some  places have this issue.When I went to Al's i thought wow this sandwich was awesome , no wonder why they are so popular in Chicago . Then I read about Portillo's  a lot of Chicagoans saying Portillo's  had the best Italian beef on Chicago.I thought to myself no way I don't see how they can beat out Al's  , boy was I wrong , do yourself a favor and get one with the  extra gravy and sweet peppers if you like peppers .
5	SOOOOOOOOOOOOO glad they finally came to Arizona. It's a ride for us on the west side. Whenever we are in that area, have to stop in!!!
5	This is the place to take people who claim to dislike hot dogs.It is impossible to dislike a Portillo's hot dog. Every time I am in Scottsdale, I get Portillo's multiple times, usually first thing after I arrive and as a last meal before leaving. I have never had a bad experience there--staff are friendly, service is fast, and food is exceptional. I would highly recommend to any meat eaters.
4	As a Chicago native, I'm reviewing with that standard in mind. While not bad, this place does fall short a bit. My usual order (for years) has been a hotdog with no tomato and no pepper, a bowl of chili, and fries. Moving out to AZ, I was sad that I'd only get my Portillo's fix when I flew back to visit family. So when one opened in Scottsdale, I was all over it. I've been quite a few times at this point. Hot dog - pretty much as expected. Hasn't let me down. Chili - gross. I seriously don't know what happened, but it's thicker somehow and lacking something. I tested on my last trip to IL, and it hadn't changed there. It's just bad here. Fries - hard to mess up. My go-to side. Onion rings - gross. Super hard, oddly sweet, nothing special. I use to love the strawberry smoothie, but that's not served here. I did try the chocolate cake shake for the very first time a few days ago and was mightily impressed. I'd never had it before, so I can't compare to IL. While it falls short in a few things, my kids and I have made this our after-zoo spot. Question though...when on earth did the relish turn neon green? I'm certain it wasn't that color before...?
4	Love the Italian beef sandwiches, but the preparation seems inconsistent. Sometimes it arrives moist, but last time I went it was downright soggy and dripping au jus (or whatever you'd call it). Fries are always great and a piece of their chocolate cake pretty decent. Great decor and large seating areas, both inside and out. The place looks great. It's not cheap. Two Italian beefs, a large fries, soft drink, and plain hot dog and you're north of $20. Oh yeah, and they charge for hot/sweet peppers. And the staff isn't always "there" - e.g. wishing you a good day at 7 pm. :-/
4	My buddy Dave G. recently wrote an updated review on Portillos.  There are like a gazillion transplants from Chicago out here in AZ, so they have 2 of them.  After reading his review, it made me realize that the last time I was there (Buena Park), I left a bit disappointed.  I wanted to go see a movie that was close by, so I decided to stop and get some lunch.  Redemption?  Yes!I got there early at like 10:40am.  There were maybe 5 other people in the joint.  I walked up and placed my order for a Jumbo Dog with mustard, onions and relish, a Maxwell Street Polish, a Large Cheese Fries, and a Large Diet Coke.  My total was just under $12.00.  Not the cheapest lunch, but it was substantial and kept me full most of the day.  I paid the lady my money and then took a seat.  A few minutes later, they called my number and I picked up my order.  Here is how everything tasted...............Jumbo Hot Dog-  Delicious!  I didn't go full Chicago style on this one.  I'm not the biggest fan of tons of toppings.  Mustard, onion and sometimes relish and I am a happy man.  This dog was great!  It was large, plump and beefy!  It was encased in a soft, steamed poppyseed bun and then topped with mustard, onions and plenty of neon green relish.  I really liked the dog and for the .34 cents more than a regular dog, it is well worth going with the jumbo.  Pretty much a must order every time here.Maxwell Street Polish-  The last time I had this I was extremely disappointed.  The onions were too watery, the bun was soggy and the sausage didn't taste that great.  This time around it was better than last time, but not as good as it could have been. The caramelized onions they use are plentiful, but they destroy the bun.  They soften it up too fast.  The Polish sausage itself was a bit lacking too.  It wasn't that flavorful and had a weird texture.  They skimped on the mustard too.  I ate the whole thing and it wasn't "bad" per say, but give me a Teds Polish any day of the week over this thing.  I doubt I will order it again.  I would get 2 Jumbo Dogs instead.Large Cheese Fries-  These are probably my favorite thing here!  Whatever it is, their cheese sauce is just fantastic.  Its piping hot, creamy and it sticks to the fries perfectly.  They use a crinkle cut fry here and they are fried and salted nicely.  A quick dunk in the molten cheese and you have yourself a winner.  Their fries are in the same pricing scheme as their dogs.  A small fry is only like .20 cents less than a large.  Why even get a small?  For .20, you get way more fries.The cashier was friendly and the guy that gave me my food was cheery.  They still aren't my favorite hot dog in AZ (Teds holds a special place in my heart), but a jumbo dog and some cheese fries are a guaranteed winner!  This visit redeemed my faith in Portillos and I'm sure I will be back soon enough!   Thanks for planting the seed, Dave G ;-)
5	After going here for a quick lunch before leaving to the airport, I was amazed at this place. I have never gone here before and I already like it. The way they order makes it quick and easy for everyone. Then, the food. I ordered two beef hot dogs and fries. Absolute heaven. The buns were great and the hot dog overall was delicious. I devoured the fries as well. If you are ever near any Portillo's, go there for your own good!
5	Yo dawg, this place has hot dogs on hot dogs on hot dogs. It started in Chicago and since I've been to Chicago three times in my life I'm pretty much an expert on all things Chicago like da Bears and da Bulls and da Blackhawks. If you come here you can get a hot dog and a bunch of other stuff but don't be that guy, just get a hot dog. That's what they're famous for, and you don't wanna be that guy.
3	My husband and I were here for the first time yesterday. We tried the polish sausage and the italian beef sub. Not a fan, our onion rings were the highlight of our meal.Not sure if we are coming back. Not my favorite spot, there's a lot going on in there.
5	When Portillos opened in Scottsdale I was beyond thrilled- having grown up in Illinois and frequenting Chicago- this spot is one of my favs. From their Beef and cheddar to their butter soaked cheeseburgers this place takes the cake. Perfect place if you're looking for a quick bite to eat but not wanting to compromise quality. They have salads as well, but from what I'm told these are flown in frozen then thawed- whereas the burgers are fresh. If you're craving something sweet- the chocolate cake is delish too! Perfect for the kiddos as well.
5	Ate a few hotdogs from this location. Same as the one in Tempe. So that's good!Amazing menu with Chicago style food. The service is decently fast but I think it's the taste that matters at Portillos. Still haven't tried the entire menu. I have tried hotdogs, tamales, and sausages. Still debating if I want to try their salads and fancy burgers. Somehow, I associate this place with hotdogs.Anyway, it's not healthy. At least the hotdogs and sausages but extremely delicious! If you are looking for fast food, this is the place. Skip the other chains.
5	The food was really good. I loved my chocolate milkshake too! My husband enjoyed the Italian sausage and his strawberry shortcake. The music and the staff added a fun touch. Wish they sold t- shirts in store
4	What is there not to love.  A staple when your ever in Chicago and now here in AZ.  I love this place with an unhealthy, but necessary obsession.  Every Time I go no matter how hard I fight it I must get an Italian beef extra wet with melted mozzarella and a Chicago dog.   I just have to cause even though that is so much food I'll regret it if I don't.   Even if you only come once it's still amazing.  It does get pretty busy, but has always been worth the wait for me.
5	Not sure what all the low ratings are about.  If you are not from Chicago you won't understand.  Tasted great just like their Chicago locations.  Very consistent product and service.  I was visiting family in Peoria Az and they had a taste for Portillo's so we took the 1 hire ride.  Prices are fair, ultimate comfort food.   I ordered a beef sandwich and a charbroiled burger.  Don't forget to try the chocolate fudge cake.
5	I love a place where I can get a tasty, filling salad and my husband can get a gut bomb hot dog. We're both happy. The milkshakes are also amazing! I love the pumpkin pie shake.
5	Ever since they opened this location, we've been coming here regularly. We usually order same things but sometimes we try different things here and there. And so far everything has been really tasty. Italian beef is delicious, onion rings are crunch, and crinkle fries are just perfectly seasoned. Tried a strawberry malt it's really really delicious. Their chocolate cake is the bomb too.
3	It was just good. I had a chili dog and a tamale... the tamale was weird by South West standards... but, pretty good.
5	I wish I could own a franchise of Portillos! Seriously. My Dad went to the original location growing up, and it's my boyfriend's favorite restaurant (he is also from Chicago). Their food is perfect, the customer service is second to none, and their training is what makes it all happen. I love you so much, Portillos!
2	From the outside it looks like a cute retro restaurant but you're in for fast food quality food. The Italian beef sandwich is SOOOO oily!! It was dripping all the way through the paper and made the French bread very soggy. The meat does taste good but it was still too plain for me, despite how it was drenched in oil. French fries were too salty. I do like the poppyseed salad though. And the poppyseed muffin that came with the salad was good. I guess if you're like me and you don't like fast food, you probably wouldn't like this place. It's way too unhealthy. It's cheap, but I could think of many fast good chains that are cheap AND good.
5	The chili cheese dog was to die for...it still had that awesome snap when I bit into it. The taste was amazing. Service was good and cheese fries I got to dip myself. I will be back!
5	Good stuff.  Real deal Chicago food.  Vienna beef hot dogs, Italian beef and who doesn't love crinkle cut fries!
4	Ate there about a month ago and have been meaning to write a review, but couldn't remember the name of the place. Good food, good service, but definitely not AS AMAZING as everyone says, but we are in AZ and everything is relative, so maybe I should be giving them 5 stars. Is 4.5 an option? And who is the pea brained moron who gave them a 1 star?
5	Love love love this place.... The all time question is what's better a Chicago dog with everything on it. Or the beef sandwich dipped with hot peppers. Order both lol and top it of with a cake milkshake if you can.  Oh gluttony I never knew you till I met you at portillos.
2	Stopped by for lunch and had a beef and Italian sausage combo while my wife had the beef and cheddar croissant.  The service was fast and friendly and the dining area is clean and bright.  The sausage and peppers made up for the bland beef in my soggy sandwich, while my wife's croissant was nothing special. The fries were just OK.  I may try a dog if I am nearby during lunch again, but will pass on the beef.
4	Great Mediterranean salad, awesome hotdog and Italian beef sandwich, but the signature chocolate cake shake was through to roof!
