4	Village Tavern is one of my favorite places to go for lunch in Charlotte. They basically cater to all, so you can always find something for everyone here - and they've got a great selection of salads and sandwiches. It's a good place to meet friends for lunch and catch up, and getting a booth seat makes the experience more intimate.
4	We love this place--which truly has that Tavern feel, as you'll see--and usually eat here before going to the move theater at the mall nearby. It kinda has a weird location--you can't really walk to it from anywhere or anything, but it has a huge parking lot so it's easy to get to via car. And get there you should. There's a great bar there if you're up for a drink and a huge outdoor area if the weather's nice; you can have drinks back there as well food. One time we were this summer a guy was performing while we dined, which was nice. The menu is pretty extensive and American-y, as you'd expect at a big ol' tavern that pumps the food out, but it's surprisingly good (though not the healthiest place now that I think about it) and high-quality. I love their salads--all of them (and they have a lot). Try the Greek with the grilled salmon if you want a proven (and healthier) option. Pair with some wine, and you're all set for a great meal. And that's worth mentioning: tons of wine options, all very good.
5	Pricey, high class, good quality food! Not too pricey though. You get what you pay for. I tried the Small Plate Sampler appetizer and Filet Mignon for my lunch. The food is rich in taste, very delicious. Service is quick and very friendly. The place is crowded for a reason. Interior is very clean, cozy, warm, and a bit dim. Easy to find. There's absolutely nothing to complain about but lots to remember as you leave the place.
1	Worse service in town.  Food is average at best.  Prepare to be ignored.
3	I'm embarrassed to say that I went to the Village Tavern when I was told that they had homemade potato chips with some type of ranch dipping sauce, now although that sounds like a heart attack in a meal, I was game. Well we were hesitant so they actually let us taste them for free. Now that's good service. The food was good although not particularly memorable. I mean literally I can't remember what I ordered but the memory of the chips remain!Oh that's right it was the scallops over fresh succatash which were  really good although not too filling. Village Tavern, most random location ever, but the chips are good!
4	A little on the expensive side, the Village Tavern is in the South Park area and is appropriately priced for that neighborhood. It's across the street from my office, so we're in here often.Don't miss their own made chips with ranch dressing. Excellent on the side with one of their burgers instead of fries, they are just as good as a shared appetizer if you're just having drinks.  Speaking of burgers, don't miss 'em. Good quality meat with the right toppings, or get one of their pizzas. I like the margretira which has sliced tomatoes and fresh basil.I've been here a bunch of times and I'll be back again a bunch more!
2	I should have known when we tried three or four other restaurants within a mile of this place and they all had 1-2 hour waits, and this one had no wait, that should have been an indicator! This is a place for people to go, when they want a really nice atmosphere, with decent service, but don't really care about  quality food. For the prices, $100 to feed my family (2 adult meals, 1 app, 4 kids meals and 6 soft drinks, no alcohol, no dessert), the food should have been much, much better. Every thing taste pre-made, like out of a can or jar, not pre-made at the restaurant. It wasn't bad food, just way over priced for low end average. I could have gone to Chili's and had better food for less than half the price. Or I could have gone right around the corner to Rooster's or Bricktops and for the same amount of cash, had excellent food. If the Village Tavern wants to see me again, I hope they took a picture, because I will never go back.
4	I wouldn't say that VT has the worst service in town.  To the contrary, it's actually fairly standard.  What I like about VT; homemade chips, patio seating (when the weather cooperates), subtle ambiance, regularity of the quality.  While VT isn't the most unique and fabulous place in Charlotte, it is good.  I've found a few favorites on the menu and they're always tasty.  I tend to get a modified burger at lunch and, for the price, it's totally worth it.  VT has been around a long time and has a good following considering its weird location.
4	Village Tavern is my go to when dining in the South Park area. I've been going there for years and have always had a good experiences. Their hot crab dip never disappoints but most recently I tried their Miami Burger and spring rolls which were both flavorful and satiating. Service has always been good and you can't beat sitting back on their patio area and having some cold ones.
5	I recently visited The Village Tavern in Charlotte. We dined outside on the terrace and listened to great entertainment while supping on absolutley delicious food!   I had the steak which was perfect! My daughter had some wonderfully prepared fish. Our wait-person, Latisha, was a stellar server! Prices were reasonable.  This is a great place to remember when you are waiting in line to get in at the latest 'trendy' restaurant in South Park... it's half the wait for twice the experience!
3	Nice lunch stop. Had the crab cakes. It was good and service was friendly and prompt.  Maybe my rating would be even higher if I was there for dinner and cocktails. Will stop again when in the area.
2	-Cozy atmosphere in a nice building with great outdoor seating -Server (heavyset black woman) was bad and behaved inappropriately-Food is slightly pricey for some dishes. Flank steak was amazing. Pizza was okay. Nachos were standard fare. Nothing special here.-Girlfriend saw server (slender black lady) use restroom, pick her teeth, and leave restroom without washing hands! This was before we left. Awful!
3	I had lunch here the other day after having not been here in years... it certainly hasn't changed.  On a cold day, it was nice to retreat into the woody warmth of Village Tavern, and although it was pleasantly bustling with the business lunch crowd, we still scored a nice table.  I really do like the atmosphere, and in nice weather, the patio is where it's at.They have a number of vegetarian dishes, all of which are helpfully marked.  I had the house-made veggie burger, which wasn't memorable but was certainly better than a frozen patty from a box.  In my view, they tried to make it a little too much like a burger burger and forgot that veggie burgers should be developed and enjoyed on their own merits.  Next time, I'll order sans lettuce, tomato, and mayo.Still, it was a nice place for a work lunch, and since they have several veg. options, I imagine I'll be back for lunch in the future.
3	Such a shame that I came here during an awful heatwave, their outdoor patio looked spacious and nice. The place looks pretty nice inside with dark wood, warm colors, and dim lighting all around.I went for the restaurant week menu while my date just wanted something light and ordered off the menu. Starting off with the crab cake app. it was flavorful and the crab tasted fresh and slightly sweet. My only complaint would be that it is freaking tiny! I ate it in 2 bites, and I take tiny bites so I hope this is not representative of their regular size crab cake app. If it is I recommend ordering the crab cake sandwich as an app which was more sizable for only $2 more. Next came the salad which I really liked, not too much dressing and a nice flavor combination. I wanted their maple cured pork chop initially as an entree but they had run out of it by 6:30 apparently. So I settled for the server's recommendation of bayou shrimp. The sauce on the shrimp was a bit too salty, the rice it was served on helped a little bit with that though, and the seasoned green beans served alongside it were probably the most awful I've ever had. There were stems and very tough fibers on them that were extremely hard to overlook. This was quite a shame since they were seasoned nicely and I liked the flavors but they were quite inedible. Dessert however was just awesome, I opted for some warm apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce drizzled everywhere. Delicious!Service was surprisingly attentive even though we visited during crw. The food was overall enjoyable even if I feel like portions here are a bit on the small side.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant.  Flank steak sandwich, spinach dip, potato chips, and the tort.  I always want all of them and can never decide.  A must try.  And definitely sit on the patio!
3	The Village Tavern is part of a somewhat upscale chain and a long-time Charlotte tradition - they have been here at least 20 years in the same location (we used to hang out here back in my college days.) The service here has always been hit or miss... sometimes it's been really good and at other times it's been pretty dreadfful.  Over the years, I have had some really good meals here and other times, not so memorable. However, I do find the Tavern to be a nice option when you have a group of people because generally everyone can find something on the menu...everything from salads, burgers, pasta, pizza, fish entrees, meat, etc.They do have one of the best patios in town for when the weather is nice.  From time to time, they will have a band out on the patio which is cool. As for appetizers, some of my favs here are the house-made fries, crab dip and Ahi Tuna Sashimi.
3	I love Village Tavern - it's a Charlotte legacy. But, it seems to have been frozen in time with a predictable menu, a stale atmosphere, and a medicore overall experience in the first floor of the dated office building. What VT needs is a facelift - to redefine itself in the offering of Southpark cuisine. If the beat up wooden tables and furniture aren't enough, then treck down the long hallway to the mens or ladies room to get a sense of life in the 90s. I am cheering for you VT, show us what you're made of!
1	Do you remember the old Seinfeld episode..."they are good at taking reservations, but not keeping reservations"...well that is the story here.  After waiting almost two hours beyond our scheduled time, they sat us.  The food was no better than average.  We did not leave the place saying, "wow that food was great, I can't wait to try it again.This was my first time here and likely my last.  As I read some of the other reviews I can see that my service was not out of the ordinary.
5	yummy ! Tasty new England Clam Chowder with the appetizer wedge salad ! great taste and value . good , friendly service .
4	GREAT Patio! Fantastic atmosphere!Daily specials... my favorite? Thursday's 1/2 priced liquor drinks AND appetizers! Heck to the yes!I enjoy sitting outside on the vast patio in the comfy furniture or hanging out at the cozy bar. The food is good-all I've ever eaten were the appetizers, and they're fantastic!
3	If you eat here, you have to eat outside!  Has to be one of the better outdoor sitting areas for the Spring/Fall because it's so large, thus the wait is brief it at all.  A perfect atmosphere.This was my first visit in years so I'm going three stars til the next visit.  My brother advised me to have the Pork Chop.  He said he isn't a huge fan of Pork Chops but it was great.  I have to say it's one of the better Pork Chops I have had in Charlotte.  Everything else was pretty basic and average for Charlotte.  I'm excited to go back and see what the rest of the menu is like!
4	Funniest dinner service ever!  I know that sounds odd but it's true.  5 of us dined here on a Saturday for dinner, drinks and food was ordered.  15 minutes pass by and still no food while an adjacent table is seeing proper timing on food and drink delivery.  Our food finally comes a along with one salad instead of three.  A little off putting so far.  Our waiter apologizes and we are all offered free dessert from the manager.  Dinner continues and drinks are frequently low with little sight of  our server.  The manager is roaming however and like clockwork 60-90 seconds after she walks by, BAM, table service.  Anyway, dessert time, two of us pass and the rest order 2 double decker cheesecakes and a chocolate torte.  Upon presentation we recieve 2 key like pies and 1 torte.  Poor server must be having a nightmare of a day with his manager right now.  So at this point we all five now have dessert and are laughing hysterically at how many times one guy keeps messing up.  Conclusion here was that he must be new so we let all this slide and just enjoy a good laugh at his expense.  I give this a 4 because I couldn't give it a 5 after all the debacles but all 5 entrees were amazing and the dessert was fantastic.
4	This is a lovely irish-style-pub-restaurant with a beautiful outside patio. I've always received good service here and have never even had to wait to be seated, despite being mostly full each time. They have a good variety of wine & beer with a full bar and their menu is varied enough to suit most. This place is great for everything...a quick drink after work, small dinner with friends, even just for dessert! As others have said, the patio is huge with a lovely view and definitely the best place to be, as it is elevated and has fountains built into the walls beneath. I highly recommend!
5	Don't be alarmed this place is attached to a hotel! The food and drinks was delicious (omg those little muffins they give you) the servers were all amazing although they tried to take my plate at least four times before I was finished eating... But all in all a wonderful place!
2	I work in the Rotunda building so I go to Village Tavern for lunch occassionally.  The food is just okay - nothing spectacular but nothing awful; I guess I'd say it's average.  Last time I went I had the crab cake sandwich which was sort of bland and soggy; the time before that I ordered a salad which was also just average.  Their service is good and it always seems to be busy during lunchtime.  The patio IS nice if you're having a drink or just want to hang out with friends.   Village Tavern is not a terrible place but it wouldn't be my first choice for dining.
4	You know what, I like this place.  It is easy to forget about good ol' Village Tav!   They are tucked away and removed from the mainstream "southpark area" so it is easy to forget they are there!  But, I am glad that we stopped in this past weekend.  It was a good reminder that this staple, south Charlotte location has every right to still be alive and well.I ordered their spaghetti zucchini/squash dish.  It was incredible.  It had fresh broccoli and cauliflower mixed in with the garlic/olive oil and tomato sauce.  It had great texture and flavor and was just the right portion!  I left feeling healthy and satisfied!  Hubs ordered a "gourmet burger" but the only red flag is that he was not asked how he would like it cooked.  That can sometimes mean frozen patty or that it isn't made to order in some way.  It ended up being decent but not amazing.  They have so many  great options on the menu to choose from, such as pizza, fish, sandwiches, their homemade potato chips, dips, nachos, pastas, etc.  There is certainly something for everyone.I had their crabcake meal a few months back and I have to say it was the best crabcake I have had in Charlotte.....hands down.  It had huge pieces of crab that were juicy and very fresh pouring out of the patty.  It was not stuffed with breadcrumbs or some other filler...it was really 95% crab.  It was a while ago that I had it so I need to get an update on the crab situation soon .  The atmosphere appears to be a bit pretentious when you first walk in.  It is lined with dark wood, a pretty vibrant bar scene, candles and dim lighting.  The outdoor patio is huge and they have a ton of specials going on throughout the week, including live music.  The prices and the menu itself let's you know that they are down to earth and you are welcomed even if you didn't just wrap up your 18th hole. Are you going to see some loafers and khaki's?  Sure.  But were we perfectly comfortable in our jeans, beaters and t-shirts?  Sure were.  Overall it is a diversified spot that has many benefits and is worth keeping on your radar for a decent night out.
5	I've been here so many times and am finally reviewing.  The food is consistent and great.  I can't remember ever having a bad meal here.  They update the menu enough and are adding new items, that I never get tired of going there.  We really enjoy the patio, weather permitting, to sit back, relax, have a few drinks and just enjoy ourselves.  It's a little oasis up there.  It's pretty amazing to me that they've been around as long as they have, and that they are not resting on there reputation (ie: getting lazy).  I've seen numerous restaurants that just get lazy after 8 years or so.  Keep up the great work.
4	One of my favorite brunch/lunch spots.. the mexican omlete is amazing, I sub the black olives for black beans (theirs are super good!), the seasoned potatoes are good, fruit fresh and the muffin hot and tasty. They have an excellent patio to dine on when its nice). I have eaten a few lunch dishes but their breakfast menu is the way to go.
1	I was so inspired by my latest visit to VIllage Taven that  I am writing my first Yelp review!I have been going to VIllage Tavern for years.  My family has always used it for a special place for graduation, birthday, etc dinners.  We went when my sister graduated from law school in August. We made a reservation since we were a large party, and since the table was not ready, we had to sit in the hallway and wait, as many of the older people in our party were uncomfortable sitting at the bar.  Then, they were out of most things on the menu, and the food that we did get was only average.  Not what I had come to expect.Fast foward to this past Friday night.  We went again to celebrate a friend's graduation from law school.  His family had come from PA, so we wanted to take them somewhere we knew was nice.  We again made a reservation since we were a party of 16.  We got there, the table was not ready, and after some back and forth with the hostess, they wanted us to sit outside in a tent (maybe nice in the summer, but not in December), with plastic chairs and at seperate tables, where there was a loud party going on in the tent already.  We told them we wanted to sit inside and together, so they shuffled us back inside, where we continued to wait on a table.  We were repeatedly told that they were sorry, the party that came before us didn't want to get up, but never once did we see a manager.  The poor hostess was trying her best to accomodate, but we really should have spoken to the manager at this point.  We were finally sat inside (around 10pm, an hour after our reservation) and we were 4 seats short at the table.  They told us that we would have to wait until the table next to us got up, which seemed to be no time in the near future.  So, at this point, most of us are sat, some are standing, and we have been there an hour.  I have to admit, we were given four free appetizers (for the party of 16), and that just didn't make up for the experience.  I think after years of coming to Village Tavern, these two experiences have been my last.
4	We are new to Charlotte (less then a year) and try one different restaurant ever week, and this was a great choice. We happened to pick up their brochure at the visitors center so we thought we'd try it. I had the chicken Marsala and it was as good or better then Olive Gardens. It came topped with a very tasty grave with bacon and mushrooms. It was absolutely delicious and was a nice portion size. My husband had the grilled meatloaf which was an unusual choice for him eating meatloaf at a restaurant. It turned out to be very good! He also had the spinach as the side it was yummy with a hit a salt for flavor very good. It to was a nice size portion.We will definitely be going back. It was so much to choose from on the menu we both had a hard time making up our minds, So will be returning to try all the other yummy sounding menu items
4	Village Tavern brings back so many memories to me.  As a Charlotte native, my high school friends and I would dine here before cotillion dances and always felt like super cool adults.  The restaurant has not changed much (it still offers outdoor seating which is stellar in warmer months, or under the tent with heaters in cold months).  To be honest, VT is the type of restaurant I want to give three stars tops, but I just can't.  I am a big ambiance person, and it is just very chainy looking on the inside.  All that aside, the food, in my opinion, has gotten better over the last couple of years.  I have found myself requesting to go here over some of the newer trendier restaurants.The new bacon wrapped scallop appetizer was outstanding, as well as the crab dip (hard to mess up in my book).I have to agree with Giannabrie, the zucchini squash with marinara dish is freaking fantastic. So much flavor. You don't miss the noodles at all. It's a full feeling that you can feel good about!  VT also always has good drink specials.  I am a fan of the half-priced wines by the glass on Wednesdays.  The food is consistent, good prices, and nice portions for your money.
3	This place has has always been my favorite place for a long time.  chip n ranch app is great! my favorite filet in town and yes ive had filets at other places high end. ive had plenty of items on the menu to say its all good.Recently my wife and i would go in on sundays to grab brunch. noticed a lot of the staff there complain more and more. (kinda like im watching the movie Waiting) if your gonna complain go into the kitchen not at the service station for customers to hear.   if the staff stays snotty ill find another sunday brunch.
4	Pros: Delicious food, great service, awesome patio seating, good drink specials.Cons: Sometimes uncomfortable inside (too hot or too cold on multiple occasions). Overall: Would recommend, can get a little pricey but it's worth it.
4	This place can be easy to miss and forget about, due to its nondescript location but the food really is good.  I've actually been pleasantly surprised by the food. I expected it to be on par with say Applebees but it's more on par with Firebirds.  The macaroni and cheese is to die for... although the past two times we've gone it's been really overly greasy. The mashed potatoes and green beans are probably my favorite sides as I think they are very well done. The prime rib I had was delicious and I've had a regular steak there too that was awesome.  My friend really likes the Cowboy chicken!!  So basically I've never eaten anything bad here. The ambiance is kind of like a chain trying to be classier which is perfectly okay. The booths are comfortable and the lighting is fairly dark but not so dark you can't see anything (because they have windows for natural light). Their outside patio is great on summer nights as well. All in all I give it 3.5 stars but I'll give them the bump up as I know I'll be back again :-)
3	As Jeff said, years ago I vowed never to come here again, but my Mom is in town and remembered it so I said ok. And, what I will say is I know why I said what I did years ago. The service was slow & disappointing. The appetizers were cold and very underwhelming, which continued to the entrees. Even though they have a great patio, for a nice night in Charlotte, the service and food doesn't make it worth it. I will move on, and this time I mean it...too many better restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Great food and love the atmosphere!
4	I grew up going to the village tavern in winston salem on the old reynolds property. My mother would order me a shirley temple while she had her manhattan. I am really happy that they have a village tavern in southpark. The food is always consistent and the ambiance is nice. I LOVE their outdoor patio, especially during the warmer months. I feel the prices are fair for the quality of food. The wait staff are friendly and knowledgeable and I  have always had a really good experience at this location.
5	This place is fantastic. Ask for Cassie's section when you sit. She will take care of you. Drink specials every day and fantastic food selection. A little hard to find but you'll be glad you did when you do.
5	Awesome burger!    The place looks so great since the renovation!  Great dessert that's new!  Macadamia brownie with gooey Carmel.   And ice cream!   Meatloaf is a great entree as well!  Great staff and awesome head chef!
4	Great new menu items.  Stacey was our server and did an outstanding job.  We'll be back to see her again!
3	Came here for a holiday party, and it was A-OK.  SERVICE:  On-point.  From entrance to exit, they did a great job of emphasizing good service.  Was greeted by hostess and GM or assistant GM was nearby and walked me over to the party locale which was set up in a nice area outside the actual restaurant, but well-heated.  Service at the holiday party was great.  Cleared plates for us, took drink orders, and had the right attitude.  Dunno the chick's name, but she did a good job.  Even when I was leaving, the hostess dude caught up to me and asked how I liked the event and bid farewell.  It seems minor, but the restaurant service was hospitable.FOOD:  Pretty average.  I'm not sure if its our fault (do we select entrees?) or theirs, but the spread was eclectic.  Chicken skewers, boneless chicken wings, egg rolls, veggie mix, meat balls, some broccoli-cheese casserole-looking thing, and flat soda.  Please check your soda before serving it - probably left over from the previous holiday party or something.  Egg rolls were soggy upon service and meatballs were cold.  It was a hellishly random collection of dishes that didn't really go well together.  If it's the holiday planning party committee's fault, then sorry Village Tavern!I'm not particularly interested in trying the restaurant itself based on the food.  dmo out.
1	Service was poor. When I arrived the hostess looked at me like a had 2 horns sticking out of my head. Waiter was missing for 20 minutes. Food was great
4	Sitting on the huge patio with a glass of wine and live music on a nice night is what makes this place for me. The food is above average but not the most unique menu around. Also, don't be fooled by the humble entrance....I almost didn't go in my first time there. give this place a chance and you'll be happy you did!
5	Really good place great food and drinks at bar and really nice hostess- I would look for Brittany to assist you
5	Love the renovations. Bar is great and all the beer selection is good. My favorite dish is the pork chop. Simply amazing! Dry rubbed steak is tasty too. Keep up the good work.
5	Ok, this is our go-to place to eat. The menu has something for everyone. We usually eat here once a week. The spring rolls appetizer are great. Shrimp and grits, excellent. The green beans are very good. For desert, get the butter cake.  Let me say that again butter cake!! How in the world can you go wrong with butter cake? You'll be glad you went here.
5	I'm giving this place 5 stars for several reasons. First the waitstaff was very attentive despite it being very busy. No problem seating nor being served quickly. Second, came to my first meetup of the Charlotte Wine Appreciation Meetup.....apparently Wednesday is HALF OFF wine! Hello....I'm so there. Excellent wine deals at 50% off!Third, and most important, I had dinner there before the Meetup. I read mixed reviews and was a little worried. But I opted for the Hong Kong Style Chillean Sea Bass,  steamed in a sweet ginger soy and sesame oil sauce, served with sticky rice and ginger wilted spinach. GOD was that ever delicious! Zero flaws in this dish. I ate every molecule on the dish. Fantastic! Highly recommend that bad boy.Didn't try anything else this night as I'm enjoying the aftertaste of my meal. I will definitely come back to try their steaks.
3	I came here for brunch after deciding a 45 minute wait at Terrace Cafe was not worth our time.They let us sit ouside on their giant patio on a gorgeous windy Charlotte spring day. With the tree tops in full bloom, it almost felt like we were in another country. Really great location.The staff was really great and friendly and did a good job checking on us.The only real reason I am giving this a three star is because for the price, I was not really impressed with the food. And above all else that matters.Please don't misread me. The food was not bad at all. There was nothing wrong with it. I just think for what it was, it could have been much less in cost. That is just my personal opinion and I'm sure that is not true for everyone or perhaps even across their menu board.
5	Went back to VT last night to meet a friend, and the food, service and atmosphere was just as good if not better than my first trip here! First important tip: Wednesday is HALF OFF WINE night! Ya HOO! There are some exceptions on their "higher end" stash, but I can live with the other choices. So I ordered a Meomi Pinot Noir, and for half off, the bottle only came to like $20 or so! GREAT Deal since that's about what it is in the stores (yes I know, but I've come to grips with the dreaded price doubling of wine in restaurants). So to start, my friend recommended the freshly made chips with ranch sauce. Perfectly crispy, a little salt, and yummy ranch dressing. Spot on. Personally I would have liked a TAD more salt on them, but no major complaints.So I've seen their steak menu and after a LONG, HARD workout, I convinced my body that I need PROTEIN to feed those muscles of mine.......my brain fought back but the muscles won! So I ordered the 10oz Filet, cooked medium rare (of course - I'm not a fan of shoe leather), and opted for their cognac cream sauce. I make a killer Au Poivre with Congna Cream sauce at home, so I admit to being a little snobby when it comes to this sauce. Quite frankly mine IS better, but this one was pretty good. I'd recommend the Bernaise Butter over the Filet though.....that will be my next choice. For my side I chose the Gourmet Mac and Cheese and the Spinach. Both were excellent! The Mac & Cheese was very good as the outside was crispy (i.e., slightly burned) and I LOVE THAT! My only addition would be to add a dash of Truffle Oil. But that's just me......I'm a Truffle Oil fool. The spinach was cooked perfectly as it was sauteed in olive oil and garlic, with the requisite amount of wilting yet maintained a good firm texture. OK so I've talked about the sauce, but have been remiss to describe the FILET! One word: PERFECTION! The quality of the beef was excellent (Prime???) but it's the way it was prepared that was awesome. The outside was crispy due to the apparent high heat oven yet the inside was literally MELT IN YOUR MOUTH tender! And as you can see in the photos, it WAS cooked perfectly to Medium Rare. All this really needed was a little butter on top (again recommend the Bernaise Butter) and it was truly superb! Coming from a Beef town like Chicago, I am singing this restaurants high and well-deserved praise!All in all this was a GREAT meal! Very reasonably priced for the quality of food served, and the service is always very, very good. Kudos to the Management Team at VT! Don't know if that's recently changed or what given some of the pooer reviews from the past. But this is my thrid time here and all three times, each has been FIVE STAR EXPERIENCE!Bravo!
3	My wife and I joined another couple for Sunday brunch a couple of weeks ago.  There was a ton of nice outdoor seating and the menu looked very promising.  I ordered an omelet, which I couldn't wait to try.  Well, let me rephrase that...I could, and I did wait.  It took around 35-40 minutes to get the food for our table.  Most disappointing was the fact that we never even got an apology for the food taking so long.  With that being said, once we got the food it was actually pretty good.  Although I was so hungry that it didn't have to be that great to scarf it down.  Another positive was that the prices were very reasonable.I will probably try it again and hope to have a better experience, but it will have to be on a day that I can eat a snack before I go...
4	Good service, good food, good crafted cocktails, and nice atmosphere.  Several vegetarian and vegan options. (Could always have more: hint).
4	Upscale but friendlyUnlike some other upscale establishments that seek to differentiate their offerings via some exotic (read:  bizarre) ingredients in their dishes, VT sticks mostly to the classics and focuses on prep and presentation.Appetizer, salad and entree choices are varied and quality is consistent.  Service usually strikes good balance between attentiveness and letting you relax with your drink or meal.It's a popular place and the surface parking lot frankly inadequate.  One local access road is currently closed due to a massive construction project nearby.Certainly not the cheapest but with the maddening similarity between far too many restaurants in the area it's a relief to find a place where the food doesn't taste like another rush job from a microwave, fryer or bain marie.One might not expect a posh restaurant to draw families with kids but VT's proximity to the mall and residential areas means that the little darlings visit in their droves. The waiting area occasionally resembles a McDonald's PlayPlace with outside voices freely exercised.  For a bit of peace be clever about your time of visit, early or late, and/or sit at the expansive bar.
3	When I first started in the construction industry 15 years ago, before SouthPark was packed with every kind of restaurant imaginable, the place to see and be seen after work for my crowd was the Village Tavern patio.  Good times!  Flash forward to 2014...I have been maybe 3 or 4 times in the past 10 years.  With my visit in June 2014, I noticed that they have remodeled extensively (my waiter said Labor Day 2013).  Gone is the heavy wood paneled wall that separated the bar and the dining area, the area is now very open and quite lovely.  As another review stated, the parking lot was deficient to begin with and now that construction barriers are blocking off one street, it is even worse.  Luckily,  I was early, so I was able to find a spot.  Had I needed to search for a spot, I would have crossed the street to SouthPark.My waiter was pleasant enough, I recognized him from a previous visit, so it would seem he has been there for quite a while.  My drink was kept filled, food was brought promptly and smoking hot.The food:Spinach Dip ($8.75) - Just as I remembered it - this is not your typical spinach dip.  While creamy and loaded with spinach, there are chunks of tomatoes and a definite jalapeno *zing* under the melted cheese topping.  I would like the tomatoes to be a little smaller, but that is a personal preference.  Served bubbling hot with tri-colored tortilla chips, this made a decent starter.  3.5/5Gastropub Burger ($11) - Well, I didn't love it.  The caramelized onions were kind of tasteless.  The flavors didn't do it for me, it just tasted rather mushy and off.  With that said though, the burger itself was very juicy, cooked to medium perfection, though maybe someone was a little heavy handed with a peppery seasoning.  The bun also held up pretty well to the messy toppings and juicy beef. The potato salad that I got as a side (they also have fries or sweet potato fries), tasted exactly like the red skinned potato salad that Harris Teeter has, but it was sprinkled with bacon - it was good, and not overly mayo'ed.  2/5 (I would not order this burger again, but I would try another of their burgers, those coming out of the kitchen looked quite good).Overall it was a nice visit.  With all of the food choices in the area, I don't know that I would rush to return, but it was a nice enough meal with good service.
4	It's been a long time since I came here for lunch (now that I don't work in SouthPark). It's less packed than I remember, which is good, because parking is always a nightmare here. My friend and I sat outside on the patio, which was nice and quiet (only 1 or 2 other tables out there). Waitress did well in general, given the fact that we're her only table outside. We were able to get in and out in an hour, more or less, which is a key for any lunch spots on a work day. My half and half (half chicken club and soup) was solid for $8.95. My friend's roast beef rueben (whole sandwich with a side of fries) was pretty big portion for $11.95 (and a big sloppy mess to eat). The fried calamari $9.95 was good, but not sure if it's worth the price.Crazy thing is I really wanted the trout, that was my favorite lunch dish there for the longest time, but I just cannot see myself spending $18.95 for lunch! The salmon entree was cheaper.  Village Tavern has always been a solid spot in South Park. They still have happy hours specials (4-6). And it's one of the nicest patio space to enjoy a nice day out.
4	The staff is very attentive and the atmosphere is welcoming. We also enjoy bringing out of town guest here because the menu has something for everyone.
5	The staff here is top notch. They're friendly and very accommodating. I've never had a bad meal here. If you sign up, you'll get a free dessert or appetizer for your birthday AND anniversary. Love this place.
3	Recently went here Sunday for a birthday brunch - there was only 12 of us, 2 seep rate tables, 2 separate servers. We sat down and it was over 20 mins before I got fed up and had to flag down a server for drinks. Another 20 minutes went by before the server came back to take a food order, god knows what was taking so long, it wasn't busy and I'm pretty sure we were her only table. The servers were all aware it's a birthday brunch yet made little or no effort to accommodate this. We had to wait over 20 minutes again for our food to start trickling in. 3 people got their food - 5 minutes went past, another two, another 5 minutes and 2 plates Came out. By his time some food had been sat there 10 minutes going cold and some hadn't even been served including the birthday girl! One order came out wrong so had to be sent back, finally the remaking food came out so we could eat. Mine was now cold as were others but we ate as were hungry. Once we had all finished the remaining plate came out to eat when everyone was finished.There was no apology. No explanation as to what happens and why it all took so Long. The food was ok - slightly over priced for what it was but ok. If I had the option, I wouldn't choose to go here again and I feel sorry for the birthday girl here as no one really had a good time.Of you go, make sure you have nothing to do for the rest of the day and take an iPad of book to keep you entertained
4	I was pleased to see the recent renovations at the Village Tavern. I have always been a fan of it's very good food and last night's dinner there was excellent. The shrimp and grits were possibly the best I've ever had and my husband loved the spinach chicken salad that he ordered. There was one very glaring problem, however. The new tables in the center of the room were extremely uncomfortable. I like to sit with one leg crossed over the other just above the knee. These tables made that impossible. They are made with leaves that can be folded out to create a larger table, but when they are folded in, there is not enough room for the average person to sit comfortably (and no, I'm not a large person - at all). I'm sure that the person who bought these tables never attempted to sit in one of them with the leaves folded up. What a shame. They should be replaced. So in the meantime, be sure to ask to be seated someplace other than these tables.
5	Fabulous! The blackened bayou shrimp and shrimp & grits were both amazing. Good selection of local craft brews. The service was great and the staff was knowledgeable.
5	Our food was delicious! Huge menu with lots of variety. Service was great - attentive, kind, and timely. Prices were reasonable and half price wine on Wednesdays! I'll definitely be going back.
2	Looks much fancier on the inside than the outside. However be sure to dress-up, casual doesn't really cut it here. Service was slooooow - food was alright, but nothing too exciting. Best Tip about this place: If you're under the age of 40 you'll be treated like you're 15 and your mom just dropped you off at the mall.
4	Salads today.  Caesar and Greek.  One with salmon and the other with grilled shrimp.  They've got a beautiful crisp Rose not on the menu which goes perfectly with the shrimp.
