5	Ben Roethlisberger. One hot piece of man-steak.
5	Here we go, Steelers, he we go.  Pittsburghs goin' to the superbowl!"Y'ins kicked ass this yir, playin dawn-tawn at the new stadium."  I love you, the best things about Pittsburgh- ever.
5	been a STEELERS fan since the day i was born!!!! i love that we're the champs but, honestly we arent playing like champs lately! Whats up with that?!!!! can Cowher bench Ben until he truly is recovered from all his tramatic experiences this year? Batch did us well.... im also not  happy with all the interceptions.......WHY?!!! Ben's a good egg, but just rest up....we still have a few more weeks! we can save him for the ship! i know we'll make Playoffs! ill always keep my Steelers pride!!!!
5	Steel Pride, baby! Always gonna love the black and gold!Every city I have lived in has had more than one Steeler bar. Never fear, if you a fan outside the Burgh, check out: http://www.post-gazette.com/steelers/steelerbars.asp to find out where you can watch a game with the Steeler faithful.
5	No equal. Here we go stillers here we go!!!
5	When you love these guys you will love them forever!  This team wiggles its way into your heart and you will watch them play through good and bad years and they will always be NO. 1!  I was there when they imploded Three Rivers Stadium - living up on Mount Washington.  We had an Implosion Party at the crack of dawn to give that wonderful old stadium a send off that no fan will ever forget!  Now the new (and beautiful) Heinz Stadium has taken its place.  A worthy playing yard for a worthy football team.  Go Steelers Go!
5	As I sit in my living room, gazing at the baby sized Steelers hat that I wore as a newborn arriving home from the hospital, it's obvious I have no choice but to bleed black and gold.I've been there for my Steelers (oh, our Steelers, your Steelers) through seasons good and bad (even last season). I have screamed my head off at those ESPN analysts who constantly underrate (if they don't ignore) my black and gold (oh, and  by the way, did you know that Ben had a motorcycle accident, an emergency appendectomy, and a concussion last year? did you hear about that? didya?). I have thrown away one perfectly good Troy Polamalu jersey for fear it was cursed (and replaced it with an excellent number 43 throwback jersey). And, when I lived in San Francisco, I woke up for 10am games and had a beer in my hand before kickoff.There is nothing, nothing in this world that could ever get me to root against the Steelers, or to believe anything other than the Steelers are the best football team in the history of professional American football. Plus, Heinz field is easily the most beautiful stadium in the nation. Now, we just need a ring for that other hand...
5	It was so awesome to watch the stompin' unleashed on the Ravens this past monday night.  Sweet to see the old time stars at the game.I can't believe what a snot nosed contrarian I was as a kid - rooting for the COwboys of all things. Go Steelers!
5	The Steelers are the coolest team in football. They have the best colors, city, history, most fans, etc. And they pretty much dominate.
5	5 time Super Bowl champs.
5	still the best (and for me, the only) professional football team in the world...
5	Being born in 1970 was about perfect. Pittsburgh was becoming the City of Champions. The Steelers will always be my favorite team. I even have the logo on my neck, under my ear :D  Mostly having this tat lets me know where the Steelers bars are in other towns, as soon as someone sees it the usually tell me.
5	Born in Los Angeles CA. Never seen the lights of Pittsburgh. Only 1 team gets me emotional and excited in the NFL and that is the Pittsburgh Steelers! I love this team. We are the best fans in the NFL. I went to Disneyland with my Troy Polamalu jersey because I had to represent. While I was there 5-6 totally random strangers chanted out GO Steelers! Now where will you ever hear fans chant that out randomly? Only Steeler fans because we have so much pride in our team. I have always wanted to go up to Pittsburgh and go to a Steeler game in Heinz Field waving my terrible towel. Go Steelers!
5	BEST REVIEW EVER!  (Thanks and apologies to Marzan for shamelessly lifting her words - hey, if it's done right already, why change a good thing =)Forever Steeler Faithful. Why?-5 time superbowl champs!-The birth of the STEEL Curtain defense - possibly the most potent 3-4 defensive scheme that has endured to this day - Steelers still #1 in defense. Thank you, Chuck Noll. -"The Immaculate Reception" - to beat out the hated Raiders no less - in your face John Madden Ha ha!!!!- An NFL dynasty.- Hall of Famers (i.e. Terry Bradshaw, Mean Joe Green, Jack Ham, Mel Blount, Franco Harris, Jack Lambert, Chuck Noll, Mike Webster, Lynn Swann, John Stallworth and many more)GO STEELERS!If this review looks familiar, I admit - mine is the copy =)  After all, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, right?#15
5	I am starting to love you guys more and more. I first fell in love in 2005. I did not have a football team growing up and it took me a while to find the right one. As I started to follow your games, I became more excited, more involved. I stuck with you through thick and thin. No jumping off the bandwagon.  I look forward to watching you guys play football every Sunday. I go out of my way going to restaurants, bars, etc, just to catch your games if it is not on local tv. I am a hardcore devoted fan that appreciates all the excitement and joy you bring me along with the frustrations and anger. I will be waving my Terrible Towel, loud and proud for you guys. Bring back the Superbowl this year and every year after that! I bleed Black and Gold. Go Steelers!
5	Mark my words:First to Six.
5	Been a fan since I was a little kid.  I don't know why my dad and I, who couldn't agree on anything, both loved the Steelers.  And we were from California.But you talk about a team for all seasons and all reasons!  It took over 40 years for me to finally get to a game out here.  Unfortunately you didn't win, but we love you still the same!  Anyone willing to wear their Steelers Gear to a Raider Game, ride BART for over 20 miles to get there and walk back to the train afterwards - is a FAN Dammit!And one day, the five of us are going to get in an RV and drive across the country and go to a game..... right there in Pittsburgh.  Look out!
5	Three Birds left and pounds of Steel makes for good target practice! The Pittsburgh Steelers have one of the best records in football history. They have won 5 out of 42 Super Bowls. Only 3 teams have won 5 and that is the Steelers, the Cowboys and the SF 49's. Seeing the Steelers are the only one of those three in the playoffs, they could break all records this year, by winning 6 Super Bowls. IF they go to the Super Bowl again this year, it will be their 7TH appearance.IF, is the biggest word in the English language. If my grandmother had 4 wheels, she would be a box car. I was not thrilled when Bill Cowher left the Steelers, but I must say Mike Tomlin has done a fine job and we were blessed, to have had two great coaches. I have been an avid collector of autographed sports memorabilia for many, many years. I have quite a lot of autographed Steelers merchandise, including a football jersey signed by the Steel Curtain. I can't help but admire that more and more each week and think of how Mean Joe Green and LC Greenwood will be watching the games, with nerves of steel and how Ernie Holmes and Mad Dog Dwight White will be smiling down upon Big Ben, Willie Parker, Hines Ward, Troy Polamalu, Harrison, Holmes and the rest of the team. This week the Steelers have home field advantage of a ridiculous time of 6:30 against the Ravens. The Ravens play hard and rough and my fingers are crossed that we beat them for a third time this year. Everyone is thinking of how great it would be to have a PA. Super Bowl. I went to Heinz Field for the 2004 Eagles/Steelers game. I drove from Philadelphia along with Eagles Fans galore. We won and it was an awesome ride home. GO STEELERS!! You rock my world! Give me one for the other hand!
5	Coming from Holland I did not have a Football team, and I am not the type that jumps on any bandwagon that passes by. I needed a team that fits my personality, a team that 'clicks'. So I did some research and quickly certain teams dropped the list of potential favorites. Besides that I had to get used to the game in all it's aspects. It was a search that took over 4 years looking, checking and searching for that feeling that your team is suppose to give you when they play. That feeling of pain, anger and lost when your team leaves the field defeated, or the feeling of joy, full Ecstasy and invisibility when the team beats it's opponent. Well it happened in 2004 after almost 5 years of learning the game, researching the teams and most important falling in love with FOOTBALL. It happened in 2004 in Roethlisberger's Rookie Year, I realized the Steelers where a team after my heart. My favorite (43) Polamalu (USC Baby!), like a 'heat seeking missile' going after anything that's getting to close to putting a number on the board. Big Ben a QB that is not afraid to get hurt or hurt you when necessary. Willy Parker, always smiling Ward (even when it hurts), the Bus, Harrison (watch out now!), Santonio Holmes, Tomlin (Yes We Can) and all the others that made Steeler FOOTBALL part of my life. I did not only fall in love with the STEELERS as a team, but also the history of this great team was an important factor. I am still growing in knowledge concerning the game, and becoming more and more familiar with the past and present of the Steelers, but one thing I know for now and for the future; "I AM A STEELER FAN!" ......and I can't wait for next season when we face the Titans again and take care of business with Lendale White (for a former USC Trojan you stink!), after what he did to our Terrible Towel, but first let's go to the Super Bowl XLIII and finish the bird.
5	We ate Crow last night for dinner.     Quoth the Raven, never more!We're going to the Super Bowl for the 7TH time in 43 Super Bowls, Baby!
5	I was raised on the Steelers from birth. There really aren't any other options in a working class Western PA household. The love still holds strong and it's a tie that will bind me to my family and the area forever.There's a picture of me as a baby, in my grandfather's lap. I'm holding a Terrible Towel, and  he's wearing a goofy Steelers golf-looking hat with a pom pom on top. When he passed away a few years ago, I buried him with a Terrible Towel, and my grandma gave me that hat. I wear it proudly now (see pic). Can't wait to get that 6th ring, guys.
5	I didn't even like football before I moved to Pittsburgh, but that all changed when I discovered the glory of the Pittsburgh Steelers.  I came here in 2005 and got totally sucked into the march towards the 5th Super Bowl win, and I never have become uninfatuated.  Now I scream and wave the Terrible Towel around in the air with the best of 'em.   I'm crossing my fingers that we'll be the first to 6 Super Bowl wins...
5	http://www.steelerladies.com/We love BIRDS and they are easy prey  ;+}  Even these last little red birds plucked out the feathers of the Big Green Birds.  We're going to take them down and use their little bones for toothpicks!
5	We are the all time Champs, that is number ONE to you, but number SIX to us! Another record. for 100 yards from Harrison! Congrats to the new STEEL CURTAIN!!.  Arizona, you did keep us going! Congrats for a great game!!! ;+} MVP Holmes you rock man!!
5	What a crazy season!!!!! Despite the leagues toughest schedule in NFL history, you guys managed to put out all the stops and become SUPERBOWL XLIII Champions. I am so proud of you guys. If i was in Pittsburgh, I would be rioting there right this minute. Streaking but naked in the snow!!!!6 SUPERBOWL CHAMPIONSHIPS, THE MOST IN NFL FRANCHISE HISTORY!Wow there were a bunch of memorable games and plays this season: The overtime fg against the Ravens. The 91 yd drive down to Santonio Holmes for the Touchdown which got reviewed. The pick off of Tony Romo for the game winning touchdown, the domination against the Patriots, the strange 11-10 victory against the Chargers during the regular season, the crazy Troy Polamalu interceptions, the jaw breaking block by Hines Ward, the Ryan Clark hits, James Harrison becoming Defensive MVP, the big 2 minute drive against the Cardinals, Santonio Holmes big plays, Big Bens amazing ability to scramble and make big plays, the Steelers #1 Defense, the mediocre O-line (HAHA who has the last laugh now), and of course, Mike Tomlin, the man that kept the team focused and made everything happen. You guys are the very reason why I love football. Thank you for such a great season.
5	A ring for each finger and a sixth for my... other hand!  You're dirty!Go Steelers!!!
5	Ben "SUPERBOWL XLIII CHAMPIONS, THE PITTSBURGH STEELERS" F. says:What a crazy season!!!!! Despite the leagues toughest schedule in NFL history, you guys managed to put out all the stops and become SUPERBOWL XLIII Champions. I am so proud of you guys. If i was in Pittsburgh, I would be rioting there right this minute. Streaking but naked in the snow!!!!6 SUPERBOWL CHAMPIONSHIPS, THE MOST IN NFL FRANCHISE HISTORY!Wow there were a bunch of memorable games and plays this season:The overtime fg against the Ravens. The 91 yd drive down to Santonio Holmes for the Touchdown which got reviewed. The pick off of Tony Romo for the game winning touchdown, the domination against the Patriots, the strange 11-10 victory against the Chargers during the regular season, the crazy Troy Polamalu interceptions, the jaw breaking block by Hines Ward, the Ryan Clark hits, James Harrison becoming Defensive MVP, the big 2 minute drive against the Cardinals, Santonio Holmes big plays, Big Bens amazing ability to scramble and make big plays, the Steelers #1 Defense, the mediocre O-line (HAHA who has the last laugh now), and of course, Mike Tomlin, the man that kept the team focused and made everything happen.You guys are the very reason why I love football.Thank you for such a great season.___________________+1.  Thank you Pittsburgh Steelers.
5	Steelers, you did not let us down. I have nothing but love for this team, this city, and its fans. I waited a full day to write this so that it wouldn't sound too obsessed.But, that's 6 times, baby! You can't fuck with that. That's the best EVER.I want to thank my Mom and my Dad, for having me on the western side of the great state of Pennsylvania. I also want to thank them for being the best and least annoying people to watch football with.I want to thank Mom specifically for giving me a general ADHD-proof explanation of what the hell is going on during a football game. I'd never be able to watch football if it weren't for her. I also want to thank her for freaking out and screaming the way I did when #92 intercepted the football and ran it 100 yards into the Pittsburgh end zone. I'd also like to thank her for not getting mad when I started jumping on her furniture when #10 made a game-winning catch with 2:4x left to go in the 4th. I also want to thank her for making Dad and me delicious chili and a Steelers cake so that we wouldn't get ill from all the excitement.I want to thank Dad specifically for his love of the game and for explaining its intricacies to me [but only after Mom has had her say first.] I also want to thank Dad for laughing with Mom and I rather than at Mom and I. I want to thank the iron and steel workers who have made the three rivers region what it is and for inspiring the best football team in the NFL and for being its best fans. For once, the working class comes out ahead!I want to thank #43 Troy Palomalu for intercepting and scoring at 40 yards, thus sealing a Steeler victory during the AFC Championship vs. the Ravens. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdlQ28cqgr8I want to thank our even-tempered head coach Mike Tomlin for guiding our boys to a 2009 Super Bowl victory.I want to thank #92 James Harrison, NFL.com Defensive Player of the Year, for making an unforgettable interception in the Cardinals' end zone and running it 100 yards into the Steelers' end zone! Damn, bitches! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyeAypl7xkII want to thank Cardinal #11 Steve Breaston for blocking fellow Cardinal #15 Larry Fitzgerald during our record setting 100 yard run. LOL! http://images.ocregister.com/newsimages/2009/02/01/b78465123z120090201212121000gflgcrqt1_lg.jpgI want to thank #10 Santonio Holmes for making an impossible catch to win the Super Bowl. You left us breathless when your feet touched the end zone. Love. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ijHpXrSgQQI want to thank the Cardinals for an unexpectedly good game. (LOL-I accidentally wrote Ravens at first!)I want to thank Liz for rooting for the Steelers. I guess I'll thank Scott for going for the Cardinals, so I had a face to rub our victory into. Go Pittsburgh! I love the Steelers! XOXO! S.W.A.K.
5	On a less serious note, I want to thank all the bitches who keep saying Sixburgh got lucky. I waited six days to post this, one for each Super Bowl the Steelers have won. One for each Super Bowl we've exceeded the Cardinals by. One for each Super Bowl we've won that make the Steelers the best of the best.So ya. Thanks, suckas! You're funny.
5	I wanted to choose something special for my 100th review.  It has to be something near and dear to my heart...I choose to rate my most favorite professional sports team, the Pittsburgh Steelers.Being that I was born in Western Pennsylvania and raised in Pittsburgh during the dawn of the Steel Curtain, the Immaculate Reception, and the four Super Bowls in the late 70's and early 80's, it is hard to find a better reason to not rate this sports team a 5 Yelp Stars.  Now that the 21st Century is started....2 more Lombardi trophies were added.  I am not saying dynasty, but this team has a history of success and it is not hard to say for a small market team...this team is very successful.As a fan of National Football League and the Pittsburgh Steelers, this team is a model for the way other organizations should be managed.Dallas and San Francisco are in the holding pattern at 5 Super Bowls.  New England, New York Giants, and the Indianapolis Colts' does not have the history and only time will tell.....here we go Steelers, here we go!!!
1	1 star for your cover-2 defense that lost me $100 on the Super Bowl.  I thought yall were going to shut down Fitzgerald.  You disappointed me.  Wouldn't have mattered if that Big Ben TD didn't get called back and turned into a field goal, but damn your cover-2 D that let Fitz run wild on yall.National Fixed League on them spread busters.  Vegas owns the NFL!  Sheiiit!!!
5	Not crazy about football like I use to be when I was a small fry but as far as football teams goes the Steeler are a SOLID TEAM! And their fans are crazy good crazy. Unless you come up against em and then their crazy bad crazy. So upon moving to Pittsburgh several years back I often hid the fact that I always worshiped the Dallas Cowboys for fear of being ridiculed beaten or both. If you live in Pittsburgh you will learn that it is wise to pay respect to the Steelers or else...
4	Not much you say about the Steelers that the sports world doesn't already know. The Steelers are the model for what all Professional Football teams strive to be. From the ownership, the players, stadium, to the fan base we have it all. The ONLY downfall of being a Steeler fan is that trying to get tickets is about as difficult as trying to catch a cheetah in the open prairie. For those that want to experience what this is like bad can't land tickets to the game I would recommend going 2-3 hours before the game and join in the tailgating festivities. Once the game starts take your friends over to one of the many northside bars to enjoy the game. McFaddens and Bettis's are tops on that list.
4	I'm  not crazy about football but it's a nice stadium and fun to come with other people. The games are fun and the fans are great they are very into the game which fans should be.
5	This team has six Super Bowl rings now, and when they won the sixth, it was the second best day of my 2009 (I did just get married).However, as a Steelers fan, I am very greedy and am going to say that there are serious problems with our defense, and what on earth is up with that fourth quarter meltdown epidemic?Five stars, though. You know, because "this is a five star matchup because we're in it" and so on.
5	Despite maybe a not-stellar season in 2009, I finally got the chance to see these guys live at Heinz against the Ravens....and they won!  So. much. team. spirit.What I Love, and what made a strong first impression:-the terrible towel...everybody's got one-the steel curtain-6 superbowl championships-they beat out the seahawks and I'm glad they did...even though I live in Seattle
5	Whoops - 6 time Super Bowl Champs!
4	As a '70s Raiders fan Jack Lambert's missing teeth caused me much pain as did a certain Immaculate Reception by Franco Harris. As time has passed and having visited the beautiful city of Pitssburgh, I now respect the Steelers organization and more NFL teams should be run this way.They have great unis, cool logo only on one side of the helmet, fantastic Heinz Field and a fab base of displaced Pittsburghers all over the nation.
5	What an beautiful view of the city from the stadium, it is breath taking!  Steelers fans are the best!  I've been to two Steelers games, one in Denver where the whooped some Bronco wazoo, and last Thursday when the dominated the Panthers.  I don't remember the whole game, but they won and I had fun!!!
5	Under the wire all season except they were expected to be 1-3 with Ben benched for 4 games.
5	She's dressed in black and yellow, she says "Hello,come sit next to me you fine fellow."You run over there without a second to loseAnd what comes next, Steelers bust a move!!!
5	Steelers nation - let's debrief. The Packers won. straight out.The Steeler's secondary was continually compromised by Aaron Rodgers and their spread-receiving corps. In my estimation, there were only 4 offenses in the league that could have exposed the Steeler's 1st overall scoring defense this year - the Packers (obviously), the Saints, the Patriots, and the Eagles.The Steeler's offense was plagued by poor quarterback play. As much as I had defended Ben as the best quarterback in the league for this team, his deficiencies created a deficit that proved to be insurmountable. He had faced some of the league's best defenses and had not given up 2 interceptions all season, which leads me to believe the Pack was the only team in the league capable of shutting down the Steeler's offense so effectively, even with key injuries to their secondary. In retrospect, I think the Steelers should have pursued a trade for the first overall draft pick (aka Sam Bradford) for Ben Roethlisberger a bit more aggressively, although the draft picks we had kept by not doing so represent a lot of potential for upcoming years. I think it's very clear that the first priority for the Steelers in next year's draft is at cornerback (even with rookie Crezdon Butler's eventual return), and the secondary will need to improve significantly next year after being so exposed this year in order to be in playoff contention again. To this, I'd have to recommend for the second straight year that #22 William Gay be cut immediately, as he has continually shown that he can not answer the bell and play to the Steelers' standard. All in all, it was a good year - with the loss of so many offensive linemen and Aaron Smith to injury, I wouldn't have expected more than a Wild Card berth and possibly a playoff win. 3 rookies had shown significant potential with 3 others being groomed for future stardom, while reacquiring veteran ex-Steelers had a nominal impact on the field (but whose locker room presence may have been more valuable). Getting to the super bowl this year was a bittersweet surprise, which will give the team valuable experience as veteran leaders may potentially leave after this season.
5	Thanks Steelers for a great 2010 season, even though WE came up short in winning our seventh championship, you've made this city proud! We'll do it in 2011 and Super Bowl XLVI in indianapolis! Here we go Steelers, Here we go!!
3	Wait, what?  Pittsburgh has a football team?I hadn't noticed.  Maybe if this whole town showed some pride for their team, perhaps by displaying the team's colors, they could come to be enthusiastic about them.Just a thought.Also: I am entertained that I was able to check into an inanimate object.  More of a concept, really.
5	There is no experience like watching The Pittsburgh Steelers in a crucial game at home.  The stadium is electric.  Steelers fans are insanely passionate about their team, bordering an unhealthy obsession.  Good luck trying to get a ticket at face value.
5	Gotta love the Steelers.No matter where you go in the world, you will find a Steelers fan.  I was once in Croatia (European country) and some local Croatians recognized my dad's shirt and started shouting "Yeahhh Steeelers."  Dallas Cowboys may be considered Americas team, but the Steelers is the Worlds team.Here we go Steelers; Here we go.
5	Without a doubt the Pittsburgh Steelers are one of the greatest and most respected teams in the National Football League.Founded in 1933 by Arthur J. Rooney, they were known as the Pittsburgh Pirates, later, given their own identity and renamed the "Steelers" in honor of Pittsburgh's steel industry. The first thirty-nine years were not kind to Art Rooney and the city of Pittsburgh, the Steelers could never put a winning season together, until, finally in 1972 Chuck Noll guided the team to their first divisional crown and playoff victory. It was on December 31st that perhaps the greatest play in NFL history took place when the "Immaculate Reception" propelled the Steelers to a victory over the Oakland Raiders. Instantly the city became a football town, with the Steelers winning four Super Bowls in six seasons.No team has more Super Bowl victories (6) than the Steelers. Also, Chuck Noll is the winningest coach with four Super Bowl crowns. Bill Cower and present head coach Mike Tomlin also have Super Bowl victories. Notable Steelers in the Pro Football Hall of Fame: Lynn Swann, Jack Lambert, Jack Ham, "Mean" Joe Greene, Terry Bradshaw, founder Art "The Chief" Rooney, Chuck Noll, Mike Webster, Dan Rooney, Franco Harris, and many more. Steeler fans want the Hall of Fame to open a Steeler's wing to accommodate all of the players in the hall and future Hall of Famers.The Steelers have had four homes, Pitt Stadium, Forbes Field, Three Rivers Stadium and Heinz Field.
5	Benchmark of professional football.  Most superbowls in the sport.  Have the biggest fan following of all the teams.  Picked up steam during its dynasty years in the 1970s.  Before then, the Steelers were a terrible team.  Right draft picks, right coaching staff changes everything.  Today is one of the most feared teams in the NFL.  Their play represents the city.  Tough, blue collared in which any north east resident can appreciate.Grade: A
2	I have been a Steelers fan as long as I can remember. I love the Steelers as a sports team, BUT this week I am very disappointed. Tisk Tisk Steeler higher ups. This does have to do directly with Steelers policy not Heinz Field. I have a 9 month old daughter and I was so looking forward to taking her to her very first Steeler game! Now, she is a very very good baby and in social situations I have been able to take her everywhere. She loves people and loves to take in new and exciting experiences. The point of this is that she would be well behaved, laughing at a Steelers game, and most likely clapping with rowdy fans not throwing a temper tantrum and disrupting the game for others. I would take her out if she was upset, believe me I get it!I feel that The Steeler organization is trying to weed out the younger crowd by charging full price for a ticket and a seat that a baby can't even use. Most kid friendly places don't charge for Children 2 and under, that includes Aiirlines in the US, museums, fairs, Zoos, Concert Venues, Pitt games(at Heinz Field) Baseball games(PNC park), and many more less opulent businesses.  As far as the Steelers are concerned even though your child won't be using a seat they have to buy a full price ticket. I asked about Club level seating and yes especially in the club. Which would be the best place to walk around and entertain a youngster if fussy. If you purchase non club seating then it doesn't matter where your baby sits if you have lower level seats. Getting 3 seats together can be much pricier than a pair and are harder to find. I asked why this was the policy and an unfriendly person told me that "Steeler Policy states that gate operator is not incumbent to assess a childs age of 2 or under so they do not have the resources available for gate entry for people in line entering the stadium."Sorry but considering the Pirates allow free entry under 2 and offer discounted tickets for children under 2 if they want to participate in the activities for children's days. So NOT COOL STEELERS!
5	Perfect experience for this Steelers fan from Maryland. Had the walk up tour, tour guide knew exactly what she was talking about with a great personality to match. Had a really great time :)
5	Seattle may have just won the 2014 Super Bowl, but the Steelers still rock with six rings, Baby!!! Just stating what all Steeler fans know: a Steel Dynasty is still unmatched no matter what team claims the title of current Super Bowl Champs.. Go Steelers!!!
5	Yay for Steelers! It's awesome that Mike Tomlin looks like Omar Epps. Also Pittsburgh food is awesome. Pierogi, pork and sauerkraut, hoagies, pizza, and stuffed cabbage rolls.
5	Did you know that the hubby part of Brangelina has a collection of VW Beetles? They're collectively known as Pittsbugs.Yayyyy, I love the Steelers. My all time fave is the Chiefs and my hometown team is the Bills but I'll always have a plecial space in hy meart for the Stittsburgh Peelers. They sure know how to get an orange ready to eat, you know? Or a potato.I love:The black and goldBig BenHines WardAll the receivers past (Holmes, Burress, Antwaan Randle El)Kordell, even. Maybe Tommy MaddoxTROY POLAMOLUBILL COWHERI like the new coach too. I know he's been around years. Tomlin.I liked Kendrell Bell.I love the colors, they are sexy colors. Maybe I think they're sexy because Pittsburgh girls are sexy, and almost always wear black and gold. I've never seen so much of a city wearing the same team colors, it's awesome. Did I mention I love Pittsburgh girls.I love the University. I nearly went there but then got a free ride elsewhere. I love the Cathedral Of Learning. I love the city, it's incredible. I love the stadium.You could do a little to be a little more friendly, but then I could say the same about NYC or Philly or even Buffalo. Oh and you have some amazeballs food here. And the view from the West End is just spectacular. You can see the stadium and everything, it's stunning. I love going up there, night or day. Amazing views all over the city. Cool glass castle. And so on.I love all the trick plays you guys would run on your amazing Superbowl runs.OK enough.If you want good food in Pitt try these:Mike and Tony's GyroMorty's Steakhouse Burger from Burgatory and their shakes tooTacos from outside Las Palmas on BrooklinePizza from Fioris PizzariaBluberry Pancakes from Pamela's P & G DinerAnything from Kelly O'sChocolate Malt w/Caramel shake and Fresh Lemonade from Handel'sCoconut shake from there tooThat's all I can remember for now.But if you ever go down a mine and there are insects, don't worry. They're just Pit Bugs.
5	Going to a Steelers game is an absolutely electric event.  Tailgating, whether with friends or strangers, is a must.  Everyone is so inviting.  Steeler fans are not only the best fans in all of pro sports, they are the definition of "salt of the Earth".  Everyone you meet here is friendly, kind and helpful.  Unless of course, you are a disgusting Ravens or Cowgirls fan.  Ain't nobody got time fo that!
