5	ZIPLINES GALORE!What a blast!  I got the pleasure of enjoying only the training line while riding bikes at the Interbike Outdoor Demo 2008 for free, and it was 833 feet of pure joy.  I would have paid for the full experience after that, but the casinos took all my money.  All I can say is that you have to experience this for yourself, and I'm sad that I did not get to take the full ride from the top of the mountain to the bottom.Go and get experienced!
5	This is a must for your next trip to Vegas!  Absolutely incredible experience, and the views pretty spectacular too.This isn't ziplining...it's flightlines, which is different and WAY faster.  After a van drops you near the top of the mountain, you'll hike another 20 mins to the top -- then there are 4 flightline runs to the bottom.  Each one is really different / intense.Our guides were hilarious, which honestly, makes it double the fun.  I'll do this every time I go to Vegas from now on.Oh yeah, they have a shuttle that picks up at Excalibur and Bally's 1 hour before you scheduled time.Do it!
5	Absolutely amazing!!  This is a MUST when you're in Vegas!!  My friend and I had soooo much fun...the runs are fast and intense; 4 total (2 negative, 2 positive).  The guides are funny and professional; they instruct you on a few different body positions to make yourself more aerodynamic when going down the lines.  They bring water for you since there is a fair amount of uphill hiking, and the views are beautiful!!  I didn't want to leave once our runs were over!!  Cost is 149 pp during the week and I think 10 or 20 bucks more on weekends...worth every penny and I will recommend to everyone!  Tours run almost all day I think...we went early around 9am, and tour lasted maybe 3.5 or so hours.
5	This is one of the best half-day experiences I have had near Las Vegas.  Not only are the flightlines themselves amazing and fun, the staff and guides are truly fun and friendly people to spend a few hours with. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with them, as did my friend who is local to Vegas.I called in to book my reservation and dealt with Amber on the phone.  She was very sweet and acommodating as we changed our minds on the time and date once after the initial booking.  She said no problem, which showed us that they are very customer service oriented.When we went, our guides were Todd, Sean and Dave  We spent most of our day with Todd because he was the one who prepared our gear and launched us from the top of each line.  Sean and Dave were at the bottom of the line catching us so they stayed rather busy.When you arrive at the facility on Industrial Road, you go through a quick safety briefing, which includes signing a waiver.  There isn't much too the briefing as the process is really quite simple.  After that, they load you in the truck for a quick ride up the mountain.  In the van, the guides were telling jokes as well as stories about the history of Bootleg Canyon and how it got the name.  Very cool.Once the truck can't go any further, there is a short (20 minute) hike to the very top.  On the day we went, it was only about 90 degrees, and they gave us a break at the half way point.  Our group had a child as young as 11 with his parent and adults up to middle-age.  Everybody was able to handle it without any problem.  The guides have bottled water packed for everybody.At the top, there is a great view.  Looking down the lines may seem intimidating for some, but it really didn't bother me or my friend.  We opted to go in the first group of four since nobody else volunteered.  All I can say is that the ride is really smooth, fast, and fun!  There is little vibration on the ride...it is smooth!  My friend said the wind was drying his contacts when at full speed, but I didn't have that problem.  By the second run, even the most frightened rider at the top of line one was full of confidence and ready to continue.The guides, who were going down backwards and upside down, said that the speeds we experienced were close to 70MPH.  It sure didn't feel that fast, but I am certain it was because one run was half a mile long and only lasted 60 seconds.  Keep in mind, you start out going zero.There are four runs in total.  Each run takes about 30 minutes as the lines have to be prepared for each rider.  There is quite a process involved in between each ride because they have to reset the brakes, which lessen the impact when you come into the landing station.  While waiting, there is plenty of time to take in the views, chat with other guests or joke with the guides.On the last run, the guides will take your camera and video or snap photos of you coming down the line.  I thought that was really nice since most places would just take your photo with THEIR camera and charge you an arm and a leg for one print.  Once again, great customer service.Everybody in our group had fun.  I want to go back now and do it at night!!!
5	If you're looking for a break from casino hopping and drinking, this is a must! A flightline tour of Bootleg Canyon (located on the side of Boulder City reserved for non-motorized recreation) takes about 3-3 1/2 hours and includes 4 runs and starts with a short hike to the first run.I felt safe during the entire tour, the guides are super fun and professional and make sure to instruct you on the appropriate body positions during each section of the run (depending on whether more or less speed is needed). The runs take you over local wildlife (moutain bikers), and provide fantastic views of Bootleg Canyon, Boulder City's hills and mountains, the Las Vegas skyline, and Lake Mead. You'll be flying approximately 65 mph on each run, depending on the winds that day.An absolutely thrilling adventure, I've got to give a shout out to our awesome guides, Brina, Casey, and John for taking such good care of us! Your guides will be happy to take your video cameras or cameras and take pictures of your adventure (with commentary!)! A must do, $149 during the week, $159 on weekends. I will definitely be back for the full moon run!
5	pros... it's like flying without wings!  this was the funnest thing i have ever done in vegas, hands down!  you get a nice outdoorsy experience in the mountains outside of las vegas.  the fun starts after you sign your life away, with all the legalese paperwork in the front office.  a cute gray/black dog greets you, he even wants to play some ball before you leave!  just to make you feel at home!our guides/superstars were awesome, friendly, and most of all fun.  we had the leader, Bryna, with her fellow guides, John and Casey.  they led a group of us up the side of a mountain, and then it was our job to get down by way of steel cables and pulleys, going down at speeds of 65mph!  the whole tour lasts about 4 hours if you include the ride to/from the flight lines.  so just imagine wide expanses of nevada desert with peaks and valleys, with steel cables connecting them.  your job is to attach yourself to these cables and glide down them to the next station at break neck speeds.  you will be slightly apprehensive but this feeling fades.  apprehension turns to fun and exhilaration, as you speed down said steel cables with wind and rain rushing at you.  if you are lucky you will make it to the next post without help from your guides, if you don't then you will enjoy bird's eye views of the desert floor below you.  until one of the guides comes to drag you in.  so much fun!    this brought back memories of the first time riding your bike alone without training wheels.  that is the fun you will have when you go out there.  and there is even a night time run, with miner's hats with lights on them, and glow sticks too.    cons... our driver back to the hotel was not much of a conversationalist.  that's it!  i will tell anyone going out to vegas to try this.  it's not for everyone, but for those of you willing to try you will not be disappointed!  the most fun you can have fully clothed, screaming and gliding down a mountain!  oh and make sure you ask for our group, Bryna, John, and Casey!  they are the best, fun and friendly!!!!  they will even video tape you going down the mountain, free commentary as well.
3	It was featured on The Great American Road Trip. There is a moderate amount of hiking involved and you need to carry your own trolley (about 10 pounds). There are 4 zip lines included and on each one, 4 people can go at once. The entire experience takes 2-3 hours since they need to reset the runs after each set of 4 people zip. The longest run is almost half a mile. I am afraid of heights but really enjoyed the zip lines.We would give more than 3 stars, but there was too much down time and not enough 'zip' time.Be sure to tip your tour guides at the end of the tour (they provide surveys with an envelope when you return to the station).
5	Summer has come and gone, fall has arrived dropping temperatures into the 30's this week, and the rain and wind are whipping against my windows at the moment; And here I am, bundled from head to toe, knowing that under my shirt is the most horrific wife beater tan *ever.*E-V-E-RWanna see?It is beyond embarrassing. It won't fade and it's been there since September, when I visited the flightlines.Thanks a lot Bootlet Canyon. Ugh. Deserts. What, like I was supposed to know that one layer of sun screen wasn't going to do the trick after spending 3 hours ziplining in the sun?Regardless of the outrageously ugly tan I've got going on, I had a blast at the flightlines. It's definitely not for the faint of heart. And I mean that literally; upon approaching our first 'run' there was a woman having an asthma/pseudo heart attack, in tears, refusing to go through with it.Great. It was a nice way to complement the, "oh it's not that scary" comment from our tour guides.Not so scary, my ass; that lady was damn near going to pass out.The first run is pretty terrifying in a I-have-no-clue-what-to-expect-nor-am-i-sure-I-still-wanna-do-this kinda way. Then, when you check yourself for all your body parts at the bottom, you realize "hey...it really isn't so bad after all!"(Except for the last run...That one's not so "nice." But I'll leave that for you to experience on your own.)The guides were all incredibly nice! I only remember one name though; Dunks. He was the one hooking us up, telling us when to go, and explaining all the body positions that we would need to take in certain situations.Not only were Dunks and the other two super nice, but theyre all  in  remarkably good shape. I had to be rescued mid-canyon TWICE due to unfortunate head winds and one of the guys had to reel me in (while he was in his harness) hand-over-hand, using only his upper body strengthUmm...My bad for eating a big breakfast that morning too.Since we experienced some crazy winds that day there were some delays with setting up and moving from course to course but our group was full of characters and we all had fun together during the down time.The guides carried waters for us, took our garbage when we were done, and made sure we were safe.Next time we're in Vegas we'll have to come back. I heard they do evening tours, head-light and all. The view must be amazing and it's definitely something I'd wanna try!We also damaged our $1000 HD video camera during our trip but it was totally worth it to get the footage that we did hahaha Only cosmetic damage, so its okay *wink*Ps. Although damaging the camera was okay, this tan is not. While I gave BCF 5 stars you better believe that it will be changed to 1 star if this outrageous tan doesn't go away in the next few months. It's been prominent on my body since September and having just returned from hawaii, complete with awkward stares at my tan, I am pissed.It's true, the tan may not be your fault. It's true that it is entirely my fault. However I refuse to blame myself thus it is all your fault. It is your fault the sun was out and it is your fault that it was hot.Not my fault. You hear me? Yours. All yours. *cries*
5	Two of us did the flights on October 5, 2008, not too long after the attraction opened.  It was wonderful.  I have a great fear of heights.  I knew what to expect long before I went on the ride.  I have hiked twice to the top of Red Mountain, the site of the first, and steepest, flight.  I saw this thing as it was being built, and I had no idea what it was.  After finding out, I needed to take the plunge.It was fantastic.  I enjoy every bit of it!  The staff was wonderful.  Except for a few moments of terror before I started, the height thing disappeared.  Two seconds down the first flight, I was hooked!This is a class operation and tons of fun!!
5	Livin life how it should be lived......FAST AND FUN.... Great crew ..Nice views....sure glad the camera they had one that worked...Brinna was nice enough to send us a clip she had.  Thanks! .... Took my buddies out (because i can't seem to get those meatheads to jump out of a plane with me.) June 26 2009 and we all had a great time .. Weather just happened to be on our side that morning Low 90s--Yes!   Next time ,can you have the elevators working (wink) those trolleys were a bitch to carry up ..
5	Me and the family were in Vegas for a long weekend and this seemed like a fun excursion to do. The two and a half hour tour was a great mixture of excitement and relaxation. The van ride up the mountain was sketchy and exciting, the ziplining was exciting and occasionally funny when someone didn't have enough speed to reach the platform, the tour guides were funny and engaging and kept things interesting and the views were spectacular. We had a few options for what we wanted to do today but I think we made the right choice coming here...money well spent for sure!
4	This was a great experience and worth driving off The Strip for (or take their shuttle from the Excalibur). If you're going in the summer, I recommend the 9am flight time; anything after that might be too hot.The van does most of the leg work to get you to the top but there is a bit of "hiking" to do once they dump you out.  You also have to carry one piece of equipment with you; an awkward 15 pounds.  That could make the hike more difficult than it needed to be but the guides were great about caring mine for me. I guess I make a good damsel in distress.I don't like roller coasters, but I don't mind the heights so this was a perfect activity for me. The only scary part was the anxiety I gave myself watching the first group go ahead of me. The flights don't feel as fast as they look (which could be a negative point to some, I suppose). The flights are relaxing as you are comfortably strapped in - no stomach dropping feeling at all.  Without getting caught up in doing the misnamed positions they make you do, try to take in as much of the scenery as possible.All four lines were great, though I did get stuck about 25 feet out on the third run. The bonus ride in was a nice addition [one of the guides had to shimmy out and wrangle me back in]. Everyone was right about the staff. The three guides/guys we had (Hudson, Dave, and Kyle) were fantastic. Tip them well.Well that's my report for now - if I think of something more clever or witty I'll add it on. Check out a few of the photos I added as well.
5	I had a blast. Our guides (JOHN, NATE, AND KYLE) were super friendly, funny, informative, and polite. My mom has emphysema and was having trouble making the hikes, they stayed with her, gave her ice cold water, and encouraged her to keep going! They also warned her that if she couldn't physically make the hike, they'd turn around and refund her money... I think that was the boost she needed! (this was a "bucket list" item for her) The entire trip/hike they kept encouraging her, and never made her feel badly for having to stop and take breaks. I felt really safe with these guys. They made the training/learning really fun. I laughed for 75% of the trip. Also, along the drive and hikes they would point out landmarks and give random trivia about the area, pretty cool. It took us 3 hours to complete the flights/hikes but that's b/c we had to stop for my mom to catch her breath intermittently. The price is reasonable, and we even tipped the guys $20 each. This was my first zip line experience, but it won't be my last!!
5	Bootleg Canyon is a great place to go out and ride your mountain bike when all of the other bike parks are covered in snow. I give this place a 5 star rating based on the ability to go out and ride great trails during October to late April. On a clear day, you have views of the Las Vegas skyline! The ground at Bootleg is not forgiving at all. The ground provides no mercy for mistakes. I would suggest riding your tires at a psi higher than normal to prevent pinch flats. There are trails for all levels of riders from cross country trails to Ginger. Don't let the name Ginger fool you. This trail is sketchy, steep, loose, and at times there seems to be no rideable line. This place has everything a downhiller could want. Steep nasty terrain, flowy sections, drops, rock gardens, and a small jump park at the bottom. During peak hours there is a shuttle that will take you to the top for $5.00. However, I would suggest finding friends with a truck and shuttling for the day. After you get off of the shuttle or the truck, there is still a 10 minute hike a bike to the top's trail head. (Well Greg Minaar did ride his DH bike up but he is who he is, haha) After a while the hike a bike does start to take a toll but on a good day, one can get in over 10 really fun runs. I would go in depth to talk about what trails to ride but then I did not find a DH trail there that I would tell you to skip. Ride everything at least once and go from there.
5	Did the 7 AM trip (that I highly recommend if you do it in the middle of August like we did) and I truly enjoyed it. It is a completely unique and exhilarating experience. And very different from all the various activities you can have in Las Vegas. The guides and instructors are all energetic, positive and helpful (even at 7 AM!). The kids love it.
1	First off I will give credit where credit is due.  The tour itself and the guides were amazing!!! The views were breathtaking and the guides informative and energetic.  However what I am disappointed me was the response of the office staff to the theft of $200 out of my purse from one of their "secure lockers".  Lets start from the beginning.  We arrived and were promptly weighed and given a quick orientation.  I had a small wristlet that loops around my wrist.  I told my boyfriend give me your money and phone so i will put in along with mine in there so nothing will fall out of our pockets into the canyon.  As I was doing that, one of the staff member urged me to put all of our valuables into one of their "secure lockers" as the wristlet would probably fly off my wrist while on the zip line with there being no possible way to retrieve it.  I agreed and placed my phone, wristlet and my boyfriends phone in the locker and secured it and we were on our jolly way.  The tour way amazing...but back to the crappy part.  We got back opened the locker retrieved our belongings.  Between the 2 of us we tipped the boys $60.  When i opened up my little pocket where i had 5-$100 bills in  I quickly realized 2 of them were gone.  We confronted the office staff and they were very defensive and unapologetic.  They INSISTED that I was mistaken and that I must not have had 5-$100 bills in the first place.  No apology no nothing.  The staff are the only people who have access to the locker in the 2 hours + we are out on the mountain, and the fact that they were very adamant on me utilizing their lockers makes me suspect them more, especially because after the tour I quickly realized that there were no way my wristlet would have fallen off.  I enjoyed the tour, however now have a very bitter taste left in my mouth and will not recommend them in the future.  DONT USE THEIR LOCKERS even if they insist THEY ARE THEIVES!!!!
5	This is an absolute must do in Vegas. Ask for Ryan, Jordan and Gabe. These guys basically made the experience. They were fun and very knowledgeable. It was definitely worth the money I spent. Book this now!!
5	Hands down a must for Vegas! What a great ride.  I suggest you do this early on before your Las Vegas partying since you do have to do a little hiking but the views and the rides are spectacular.  The staff is the best! And it's worth every penny.  Beware thought, there is no refund and you pay IN FULL if you do not show up!  So just make sure to get there and go for it.  A wild ride you won't forget.  And remember "when in doubt legs out"!
5	Wow... i can't believe there is stuff to do off of the Vegas strip.  This was one of the best experiences of my life!   Who could resist zip-lining 60mph thru the canyons 400 ft above ground? Bert the Conqueror on the travel channel attempted this and screamed like a little bitch.  So I decided to shake my cajones and give this place a try.  I thought the $149 price was a little high, but it was worth every penny.  360 around, you have beautiful views of Lake Mead, Boulder City, State line and Henderson. The tour guides were frickin awesome.  They definitely made the trip worth while.  They are funny, smart, witty and know how to have a good time.  While you are making your drive and hikes, they give you a little history about the canyons, las vegas and various tid bits.  If you have a couple of hours free, I would definitely take the time out to do this. You won't regret it.The only negative I have about this experience is the time between zip-lines.  Because there is such a big group, you have to wait a good 5 to 10 min before you go down the next line.  But it's nice time to relax and take pictures of the nice views.
5	I went here in a group of 12 for my bachelor party and it was worth every penny.  We went on a hot late June day and the breeze kept it reasonable.  There is no shade anywhere along the route.  It was my second time ziplining and this was better than the first on the Big Island in Hawaii.  The reason is the lines are longer and you go faster.  The only drawback is that you could get stuck on a couple of the lines.  Even if you do, just hang there and enjoy the view.  The rest of my group were first timers and most were skeptical of spending $134 (10% off for parties of 8 or more) but afterwards no one complained.  Everyone loved it.  For a possible discount, mention their ad in the vegas.com magazine.
4	I don't gamble, and love the outdoors. These zip lines are a great getaway from the Strip, for those looking for adventure! There are four flight lines, and it takes a few hours to get through. Worth the money. Search for " Bootleg Canyon Zip Line Coupons" on Google, and you will find a 20 percent off coupon. It saved me 30 bucks! Worth the money!Fun Fact:The guides told us these mountains are the 8th most dangerous in the world for mountain biking.
5	What an experience!  I've never ziplined before and this was incredible.  The views magnificent, the speed very fast and the guides knowledgable and friendly (though apparantly underpaid - tip well!).  Safety is a top priority, so do follow directions.  The GF was scared but after her 1st flight was hooked and enjoyed the rest of the day.  The price seems high, but considering you get roundtrip transport from the Excalibur (they held the bus for us as we were a little late, again great servcie) and an experience like no other in Vegas, totally worth it.
5	I recommend this experience to anyone who visits Las Vegas!  We ziplined back in May, when we were out in vegas for our 5 yr wedding anniversary.  As soon as we got to the first line I wasn't so sure i was going to be able to go thru with it.  I was in one of the last groups that went.  I think I caught my breath half way down the line!!!  Our guides were great!!!  They joked around with us and made the experience!  I had my camera bag on me and during the last line our guide took video or my husband and I as we left at the same time.  It was better than going to dinner and a show.  Since i came back home I have been talking nonstop to everyone about the experience.  We are going to Vegas again in two weeks for a wedding and plan on ziplining on this trip again!!!
5	What a great experience!  Straight from the pick up at Excalibur to being dropped off.  The guys were so much fun and very clear.  We were fortunate and only had 2 other people in our group.  The four lines were amazing and fun.  We loved it!  If we go back to Vegas, we would go there again.
5	Amazing experience that will be recommended to all of my friends when they go to Vegas!     Top notch crew!!   Everything was beyond expectations.     Zip lines were crazy fun!  Runs were long and fast!!    Don't delay ... book this adventure now!
5	By far the best part of my Vegas trip.  Very safe, very fun, and gets your blood pumping so much more than gambling!  A must-do if in the Vegas area!
5	Omg great , awsome , a must do when in Vegas !!! Well worth every penny. Beautiful sights and wonderful guides who really make it fun!! I would recommend this to everyone who is even the smallest thill seeker..
4	This is an incredible way to spend the day.  I tried the flight lines and they are so much fun.  Once you arrive in boulder city an old van takes you up almost to the top of Red and Black Mouintain.  The van ride is an adventure in itself believe me.  One of the instructors had to sit by the door to prevent it from flying open.  At the top their is a short but steep hike to the top of the Mountain.  From there it is all fun.  You feel like you are flying through the mountains.  They are really fast.  The heavier you are the faster you go.  It feels really good to have the wind blowing in your face while effortlessly floating through a canyon. Some of the lighter girls did not always make it to the end and the instructors would have to go out and get them.  It was fun to watch.  The staff is loose and fun but professional, the equipment feels top notch and safe.  I loved it.
5	I can't say enough awesome things about BC Flightlines and the bottom line is if you're in Vegas then this is a must!Our tour guides - Alex, Kyle and John were really fun guys and made us feel safe the entire time - even my friend who is deathly afraid of heights had a blast.We opted for the 8 a.m. tour because we didn't want to be baking in the desert sun and it worked out perfect. As for the experience itself, it's amazing and such a blast - the ziplines are really fast and the scenery is breathtaking - and there's 4 lines in total, so you get to fly through over the desert and mountains a few times :)This is a definite must if you're visiting Vegas!
5	Totally awesome!! I was so pumped up for the first of 4 flightlines. I literally screamed out loud the first few seconds speeding down the cable. Then my Red Sox hat flew off my head due to the sheer speed of the ride. No big deal. A very small casualty to do something so cool on a hot summer afternoon in the desert. 2.5 hours. The guides were great. They were all really fun and funny but safety is the bottom line for them. It didn't bother me at all waiting for them to prep everything. Better than falling 400 ft to your death don't you think? My wife did get stuck on the third run since she wasn't heavy enough to make it to the end.  I posted the photo of her just hanging there.  We had a good laugh about it afterwards.  The staff was able to bring her to the end no problem.  So just make note that it could happen if you're less than 100lbs.  It was also great to see a bunch of Yelp reviews printed and framed in their main lobby. I saw Norm K's on the top right corner. Tourists! Why don't you stop playing $10 6-5 blackjack and use the money you would blow to do something really fun and actually enjoyable?
5	If there was anything that has changed my perspective, it was that fateful day ziplining over Bootleg Canyon. I've never done anything this risky before. I hate rollercoasters, and I hate even more water park slides, so I avoid them. But for some odd reason, the thought of zipping like Batman ("I'm Batman.") in the canyons was much more forgiving. Now, let me add that there was only 1 cable and the wheely truck thing keeping me from falling to the depths of my death. My very first time ziplining and I'd hover thousands of feet over any kind of (Rough) landing. To give you an idea, there are mountain biking trails in that canyon that are crazy steep and rocky, and are some of the toughest in the country -- Double Black Diamond mountain biking trails. In fact, before you zipline, they make you sign a waiver which excuses the business in case of any accidents like injury, or even worse, death! They divide the course into 4 separate ziplining routes. You zip down as a pair. The first time I got on scared the heeby-jeebies out of me. But after the first round, I was pumped and ready to take on the rest. The coolest thing about ziplining here was that this was true ziplining. You could control your speed to go hella fast, and you had brakes to slow down if needed. The Fremont ziplines don't even have brakes and you couldn't go faster than 30 mph. At Bootleg, we could reach max speeds of 100 mph! When you're going down, all you feel is the wind rushing past you and the breathtaking view all around you. At first I was scared to look down, but it's all in the mind. All I had to do was change my perspective: I'm not falling -- I'm FLYING!  And the rest was history. I opened my eyes to the magnificent birds-eye-view and witnessed first-hand the beauty of the canyon and mountains around me. I've never felt so free in my life, and it was one of the most liberating things I've done. Definitely worth the $150 but my friend and I got a $15 off discount through the 24/7 mini-mags you can find in any Vegas taxi cab. Yes, definitely a must-do when visiting Vegas. And you'll feel much more alive afterwards!
5	We wanted to do some bucket list things while in Vegas!. This looked like fun, but weren't sure what to expect. The bus came to pick us up; the driver gave us some history on the way out to the site and was funny. We arrived at the office (in an industrial park and wasn't sure........). There were four of us waiting and signing your waivers! EEK. Then four more people came so our entire group was 8. We were then taken into another room, fitted with a harness and then safety training (they repeated this multiple times and at each launch!) We went for the 7PM trip because we didn't want to bake in the desert during the daytime; we preferred to plunge into the depths of the canyon at night while seeing the stars and the lights of Vegas. The climb up to the first launch site was a little further than I thought, but the guides didn't rush anybody and allowed short rest periods on the way up and it took about 30 minutes to get up to the top--then we got a scenic view--WOW and so beautiful. The sunset was spectacular. The four runs were so fun, the speed was exilerating and I would do it again and again. I would love to do this early in the morning at sunrise; I would imagine it would be as spectacular!This is a must do experience. The Fremont line is run by the same company, but not even close to the same experience!Aaron, Jason, and I'm sorry I can't remember the third person, they were fun and still watching for your safety. A very liberating and amazing experience. Seeing the stars and soaring in the night was fabulous. There is no other outdoor activity that I am aware of that is as much fun and so worth the price--2 1/2 hours on non-stop excitement.
5	Superb!  The staff told stories.  Since I like stories, it made the rickety van ride entertaining.  I didn't think the desert view would be as promising as some of my east coast mountains; but zipping through much yellow is just as beautiful as zipping through much green.We were kept properly hydrated at every launch and landing pad, got a tad bit of exercise, made friends, and had buckets full of fun and joy.  Just pray for good weather, keep your flippy flops at home, and slather on some sun screen.  Go Go Go! Totally worth the trip.
5	Had a blast and the team was great! Took my 18 yo and he thought the only thing better was jumping off the Stratosphere.
5	We had a BALL on this trip!  The weather was beautiful, Telemundo was filming an "extreme adventure" show (so we'll probably be on TV), the guides were knowledgable, helpful, UBER fun and seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs and helping everyone out.  There were no fake-let's-just-get-this-done-and-over-with attitudes.  They always offered each of us a bottled of water, and they waited for others if they trailed behind on the hike.  There was a lady who didn't listen to the instructions to either leave your things in the locker or HOLD ON TO YOUR HATS because her hat went flying away on the first line.  One of the guides took to the cliffs, climbed the treacherous rocks and into the valley to find her hat.  Then the guide at the next platform helped her secure her hat on to the packs that we carried, so it wouldn't fly away.  I seriously believe that if it's not for the guides, it would've just been another series of ziplines.  But nonetheless, the ziplines were awesome!  We all wished the ziplines were longer and possessed the ability to put us in reverse, so we could do it all over again!  But of course- it didn't.  We could only zipline down to the next platform.  Darn.If you're visiting Vegas, living in Vegas, driving through Vegas or even just thinking about Vegas- please do yourselves a favor-- book your BC Flightlines reservations online, drive down to Boulder City, fill out your registration papers, strap on your suits and get going.  YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!  You will have the time of your life as zip and weave through the canyons all while having a good laugh.  And doing that at speeds of almost 65mph - psshhhh!! Sounds like a great FREAKIN' TIME to me!Go with a great crowd, a significant other or whoever you decide to bring off the streets.  It doesn't matter - heck go by yourself!  But just go!  What are you still waiting for?  Get moving!
5	What an AWESOME way to spend your birthday!!!My brothers and I have been coming to Boulder City two or three times every summer since the day we were born (for me, that's 27 years). More likely than not, we hit up Vegas at some point during the trip. This trip was strictly Vegas with some outskirts fun and trying things we've never done before. We found Bootleg Canyon Flightlines when we searched online for cool adventures in Vegas. To our surprise, it was right in Boulder City, a town near and dear to our hearts.Instead of booking the smart way, we waited until the night before to book our flights. It worked out because we ended up on the 8:00am 'flight'. It hadn't started to warm up much yet so the weather was perfect.Our guides, John and Matt, were great right off the bat. Their energy got us ready for the day. The Jungle Cruise style jokes started during 'pre-flight' instructions and safety and continued until we were back down the mountain and in the shop (they were hilarious, by the way). After a quick trip up the mountain, we hiked to the first flight deck. The hike was ten minutes at best, and full of amazing views. At the top you can see Vegas clearly, parts of Lake Mead, Boulder City and the bridge over Hoover Dam. We snapped a few pictures from the top while the lines were being readied.The course is great! You're zipping up to 50mph over the desert landscape. The longest run is close to a half mile, but they all seemed too short to me (I could have zipped all day, wishful thinking).$150 is a small price to pay for an amazing, unforgettable experience close to Vegas. Join the Frequent Flier club and you'll get discounts and deals. We're definitely coming back, and we're bringing friends!!!Shout-out to our guides, Matt and John. Thanks for an awesome day! YOU GUYS ROCK!!!
5	Great staff, and a lot of fun. Blizzard (their dog) is also really cool.
5	This was a solid experience. The guides are great, friendly, and knowledgeable while providing a memorable trip.  Anyone of any age can enjoy this trip and the views are wonderful. You can catch the city and then the vastness of the desert. A must see in Boulder City.
5	Such a fun time!!! We had plans to go on Saturday (1/21) but damn that weather was crazy!  So we called and told it would be canceled so we rescheduled for Sunday.  We just couldn't wait any longer, haha.  The weather looked great on Sunday and we headed out to Boulder!  Once we got there, they were very welcoming and helpful it getting all the information filled out.They go through a set of instructions before you even leave the building and have a mini zip line set up to show you exactly how to do it.  Simple enough!  One of my friends is afraid of heights so she was very very nervous but my mom and I, woo we were ready to go.  We got in the bus around 10am and headed up to the top!As we are traveling to the top the guides explain a little about Boulder City and Bootleg Canyon, which was a cool thing.  They also have cheesy jokes but it does help with the nervousness!  Once we were at the top, took a hike to our first platform and WOW!  It looks like fun and once we got on, the nervous smiles at the beginning became, lets do it again smiles!  My friend who was afraid of heights, she was fully smiling at the end!  She was so happy she did it.The guides were so nice and very helpful and made the experience even better.  They made sure they learned your names and talked to you in the down time.  We had a total of 9 people in our group and were done by 1pm.  I am sure if more people it would have taken longer because you have to wait for each group to get fully off the line before the next one can go.  But you can't beat the great views, smiles, weather, people, and overall experience!
5	Had the best time! With my daughter and one of her girlfriends. From the time we got out of car greeted by Matt, one of our guides, sent us inside to get signed up, then to get ready! The staff are all really nice people, took time to get to know each of us by name throughout our adventure, helping us with the equipment and giving us rest times on the little hikes to the platforms. The zip lines are so much fun! We were ready to do it again! Very safe operation, harnesses are the best I've ever been in, they take their time with instructions not only down at office, but at each platform they go over it before you are released, and give you pointers to make your ride the best!Lots of fun! We will do this again!
5	Cody, Russ, Kenny and Diego were awesome.  This is a Vegas MUST DO.  For $150 bucks, you can zip line through the canyons and cliffs of Boulder City with great views of Vegas and Lake Mead - you might even get to see a bicycle wreck or two.  Did I mention you can get up to 75-80 mph on one of the 4 super long zip lines.  Get the picture package for $30 and don't worry about a camera.One word: AWESOME!
5	What else can be said that hasn't been said?  If you're an adrenaline junkie like me, you'll dig it.  Scenery is intense.  GO!
5	Despite heavy wind conditions, had a really great time.  Had a bit more hiking than expected, but wasn't an issue.Our tour guides (Alex, Dan, and some other dude whose name I'm really sorry I forgot) were great guys and had plenty of bro jokes.  I kind of (and by kind of I mean totally) screwed up on the instructions the first two times and didn't feel like I was being a hassle to them.  I'm sure I was, but they didn't take it personally, which I appreciated.  Note: don't break if they don't instruct you to break.We were a group of four, which is definitely the way to do it.Some great views up there.  Highly recommend it.The only thing I wish I had known was they these guys are apparently working for tips.  I felt bad because I didn't have much cash on me and, based on the price of the tour, really didn't see it coming.
5	Again, a long overdue review.  My friends and I went on a trip to Las Vegas and decided to nix the idea of some big show (nothing appealed to us and, living in Chicago, we have a lot of shows that come to town) and do something different.  Along comes Bootleg Canyon Flightlines.  For the same price as a show, you get an experience like no other.  Oddly enough, this was discovered by the girl who is afraid of heights.  Words can not describe how amazing this was.  We got picked up at Excalibur around 8:30am.  On our way out the Boulder Canyon (a 25 minute drive) we were told some history about the canyon.  There was a decent walk to get to the top and they provide water.  Once at the top, there are a total of 4 LONG flight lines.  The views are beyond words.  We were lucky to have a sunny, clear day and had no trouble seeing the whole strip.  Our guide was Brina and she too was from the Chicago area, so we had a lot to talk about.  (Her and I are still on occasional contact).  This is a must if you are looking for something different and don't want to do the standard when you go to Vegas.  Worth every penny.
5	Zippity Doo Da Yelp. Doo da zip if you are up for adventure and outdoors. Incredible guides and not bad to look at either. They had mad corny jokes which made it that much more fun and helped everyone relax. Also there was a girl who took all of the pictures who talked to rocks and lizards. The lines themselves didn't seem that fast or that high to me. I don't know if I expected to be traveling at the speed of light, but I had a vision of it being scary and death defying. It wasn't. I see what the boys from South Park were talking about. Still it was an experience.Highlight- I got stuck which is usually what happens to super skinny people so that was part 1 of the highlight. Part two was sexy pants Flightline King Jake had to rescue me. Not gonna lie. This was kinda hot.Lowlight- Ladies: Please don't wear short shorts zip lining. We can see all yo' business. This happens when you are braking and have to make the "pizza" position which just means spread em'. Flying wild beavers coming at ya is pretty terrifying and I might need counseling after witnessing this. Don't let this happen to you. Overall awesome time thanks to the crew, Flightlines and beautiful day. I think this adventure seeker is ready to jump out of a plane now.
5	A MUST!! So much fun. We were looking for other activities to do besides hanging out on the strip and I came upon this place on yelp. After looking at one of the videos I was in. I think we paid about $150 per person when we went so it is kind of expensive but so is everything in/around LV. You don't have to drive to the place. They pick you up at the Excalibur hotel about one hour before your scheduled tour.They drop you off at their main office where they give you a safety orientation. You then hop on a bus that takes you up to a certain point of the mountain. From there you have to do quite a bit of hiking to the top carrying your equipment but the guides are nice enough to help you carry it. Once you get to the top, you are going to enjoy a gorgeous view of the valleys around the canyon. This is where the ziplining starts. There are four zip line runs and each one has 4 parallel lines so 4 people go at a time. In order to go to the second zip line everybody from the group needs to finish the first and so on. The lines have some nice drops so you can catch some speed on them. The guides that were with us (I can't remember their names as it was a while back) were awesome. They were hilarious, super nice and helpful and made sure we had a great time even with the miserable weather that we had. They have water for every guest and there are restrooms at the end of the fourth line.Now, please keep in mind the weather whenever you are planning this activity. We went to LV in November and the weather was in the high 50s-mid 60s so it was nice and cool. However, when you go to the top of this canyon, throw in some ~25mph winds and it's not going to be so nice and cool anymore. More like cold and miserable as hell. That was the only bad part of this experience because it was windy AND cold. My BF went without a jacket and even the people that had two jackets were freezing. There was a point when one of the guides took his jacket off and gave it to my BF because I think he was turning purple already. Our tour took a little longer because the winds were picking up and we had to wait for them to die down a little.I must come here again... When it's not cold.
4	I have a dream. I dream of a day when men shall travel by zipline. A dream that I will one day soar over the desert like a magestic eagle. I dream of guys telling cheesey jokes but working the most amazing job around.Perhaps I should rephrase. I had a dream. A dream I have now lived. I visited the Bootleg Canyon Flightlines this morning. What an amazing experience. First of all, it made me realize how remarkably out of shape I actually am. I had to stop a few times on the hike to the top. The guides were right there with me and had water ready and waiting.  Their patience is commendable.  After sitting at the top and waiting for the first group to head down, it was my turn. When I felt that wnd blowing through what is left of my hair, I felt new life breathed into me. The next 3 lines were equally as thrilling. I only wish there were more. I wish I could zip to work.I suppose my only complaint is the video package. Kind of a waste of $25. You rent the camera and at the end they give you the memory chip. Well, I brought it back home and my computer did not recognize it. It took a while to save it but I did. It plays with the sound off by several seconds. The sound finishes well before the actual video. Furthermore, while I was able to save the video to my computer, I am not able to burn it to DVD. My advice to you, take pictures of the view between your flights. At least until they get a better system worked out.This was great fun. It is not the most extreme or thrilling thing I've done but it was easily one of the most enjoyable.
5	Before our experience, I had this fear...of getting stuck midway through one of the lines.  And yep, it happened...but not midway.  You see, there were four of us (they send four people at a time, each on a different line) on the third zipline, and we all stopped about 10 feet off the landing platform.  Apparently it happens, and they have a system for getting you unstuck.  Anyway, if you do everything they tell you, you'll be completely safe.  The instructors (we had Matthew, Cody, Gary and Diego) are awesome, and pretty funny.  The trip lasts about two hours, and there are four ziplines (wish there were more), and they are all awesome (except the last one for me, where they have you open your legs the whole time so you don't go too fast and my leg cramped up bad - OW).  Such a good time!  I'm pretty sure I'll be back, but maybe not in early August in 100 degree temperature (don't worry, they provide tons of water).
5	If I could give this TEN Stars I would!! This was one of the best experiences we have ever had in Vegas. This company does EVERYTHING PERFECTLY. They tour guides are amazing the zip lining is amazing and the view is amazing. Did I say this experience was AMAZING. This is a must do when visiting Vegas. Don't miss it, well worth every penny! JUST DO IT!!!!!
4	This is my first zipline and it was a good intro. The team - Matthew, Matthew and Daniel were great. They were very helpful, kind, fun and having fun. Matthew our leader did well to keep us entertained with his jokes and stories. He threw a bit of history too which was cool. The company is very well organized and pros.The zipline for me wasn't as thrilling as I'd hoped. It felt a bit slow for me.
5	We couldn't have asked for more.  My wife and I were on our Honeymoon and loved it.  A friend of mine here in CT recommended that we give it a whirl, (because he couldn't get out to Vegas himself), so we went and enjoyed every minute of it.  The tour guides were awesome and REALLY make the trip!!!  Just think Vince Vaughn in the movie 'The Break Up'.....Those kind of tour guides!!!
5	Be prepared for a time of your life experience. The folks who run this are just as stoked as you are to climb up and zip down. They are an awesome bunch who help everyone share the experience to its max. If it is cold at all at hte bottom prepare yourself and bundle up. It will be super windy and chilly up top. The hike isn't bad at all just about 15 minutes. If you want to go fast, squeeze yourself tight, toes front and body straight. You will fly!
5	The most amazing experience I have had in years!!!Ever imagined what it'd be like to soar from the top of a mountain with an eagle's eye view? Or envisioned a new eco-friendly way to explore mountain terrain without leaving a trace of your journey behind? Then let your imagination become reality and experience the thrill and the beauty of Boulder City's newest eco-adventure at the base of Red Mountain - the Bootleg Canyon Zipline Tour.Suspended from cables and comfortably sitting in a para-gliding harness, you travel from point to point by flying over the desert ecosystem from the top of Red Mountain. Instead of hiking or cycling down the trails, you are exploring the mountain from an aerial trail. Aerial trails are designed to have very little impact on the environment when operational.Add to that some of the safest new patented technology, impressive distances, spectacular views, and highly qualified guides, you'll experience the only aerial trails system in Nevada.There is a bit of hiking involved, but it is SO worth every second....and the staff are SUPER fun!!!A MUST DO experienceCommentation taken from Bootleg Canyon Flightlines, please visit their webpage at http://www.flightlinezbootleg.com/. Great videos to view, don't miss this wonderful experience.
5	Have you put a sheet around your neck as a kid and ran around pretending you could fly? Well pretend NO MORE here's where it all comes true! The staff: AMAZING from A-Z!  From the many questions you'll have on the phone ALL the way to the last moment when you have to leave this group of wonderful people. The Experience:  I don't think words can explain it. I'm going to leave it here...GO EXPERIENCE this.  I was concerned I'd feel an insane drop in my stomach like  when I ride coasters. By far NOT the same at all. Just simply go.  Experience this for yourself.
5	Best time I've ever had in Vegas was the trip in which I decided to take an excursion in order to escape the city for a few hours. The staff was extremely helpful and guided me to a coupon in a magazine given out on the street in Las Vegas. With or without the coupon, it was totally worth it! Great adventure, entertaining staff and beautiful scenery!   DO IT!!!
5	I thought I'd meet a bunch of tourists but half the people on our reservation were locals. This made for an awesome surprise birthday gift one Saturday morning in March when the weather was a perfect 70 degrees.Our tour guides included "Shaggy", a hyperactive guy with goggles and a guy with a mohawk. Unfortunately, I'm horrible with names but suffice it to say they were ALL gentlemen who provided great customer service and a lot of banter in between zip lines to keep us all entertained.Though I went with my boyfriend the first time, I think it'd be a great time to get a group of friends and all go together. There's a lot of waiting in between ziplines and it'd be a good time to catch up with old friends and chit chat. Plus you're getting some fresh air and doing something out of the ordinary so it's bound to be fun for everyone.Note to self, they do ziplines at night! I'll be back for another trip for sure.
5	It's been a few years since I did Flightlines. I had a discount ($79) bought from a radio show and had a great time!I was scared at first before the first flight, but got over it. The flights are pretty thrilling and the view of Lake Mead is great!We had to carry some of the equipment used for the flightlines, which was heavy.  Some of the guides offered to help carry some of it, which helped a lot. We had a post flight celebration to mix and mingle with the guides and other flightliners. Recommended!
3	I Should Have Never Gone ZipliningTHE BOYS ARE EXCITED TO SPEND A DAY ZIPLINING IN THE COLORADO MOUNTAINS. BUT HIGH IN THE ROCKYS, FAR FROM THEIR FAMILIES, THEIR TRIP TAKES A BAD TURN. CHANCES OF SURVIVAL ARE SLIM. ALL THEY CAN DO IS WAIT TO BE RESCUED. BUT WILL HELP COME TOO LATE?...that was the description of a South Park episode where the kids are disparate to escape the mountains when they find out how boring gong on a zip line actually is. Here are the pluses with Bootleg Canyon: The views are wonderful. Here are the down sides:If you have ever ridden a mountain bike, swing, or the Dumbo ride at Disney, you will not find this "exciting".To make up for the lack of real excitement/adrenalin, the guides attempt to make sarcastic joke from the moment you arrive. Most of the jokes are about "equipment failure, and ways to die on a zipline". They also must find it funny to explicitly give us directions on how to position our bodies in the harness and use the hand brakes, but then totally ignore those directions and clown around by going down backwards and not following their own rules. The most exciting/dangerous part is when the bus driver slams on the brakes and intentionally drifts the bus backwards towards the edge of the cliff at the top of the mountain .  Yeah, great fun! (now that was sarcasm)Overall not a horrible or dangerous experience, but if you are only in town for a limited time be careful of how you spend 5 hours of free time.
5	This was my anniversary gift to my wife.  I was able to find a decent bargain on eBay that helped ease some of the cost.  My wife is afraid of heights big time and hates roller coasters...it wasn't a problem.  The first run of four helped to ease her anxiety as well as the outstanding tour guides who emphasized safety over and over again.  In addition these guides really had a great sense of humor that just kept the tour going.  Definitely an exhilarating ride that just got better and better as the tour went on.   I hope to return on our next trip to Vegas to bring our friends.
5	For anyone who says this zipline experience was not thrilling, you are officially in a deep, dark depression from which you may never recover.  I am truly scared for you.  From the minute we arrived, the entire experience exceeded our expectations.  The office is easy to find.  The staff is very friendly.  The bathroom was really clean (a must for someone like me who almost peed their pants watching the zipline video playing in the lobby!).  The guides were hilarious and very engaging.  And.  Last but not least:  these are the biggest ziplines in North America.  Admittedly, I am not a thrill seeker.  I obey traffic laws.  I do not cross unless I have a walk sign.  I wear my life vest on Lake Mead.  I don't even wear high heels above 3 inches.  Needless to say, my knees were knocking by the time we climbed to the first zip line.  I volunteered to go first, knowing I would back out otherwise.  Wow!  What an awesome ride.  Because the wind was so bad, the guides were not sure whether we would be able to do the second zipline, but everything went off without a hitch (and with a really sturdy harness).  There is some downtime between ziplines which I am sure would increase if you are in a larger group.  I found our guides Cody (aka Pauly Shore) and Andrew infinitely entertaining.  Yes, they try too hard.  But you kind of have to when you are entertaining a 10 year old, two 30 years olds and a 50 year old (my group).  And they are freaking hilarious.  Best of all, they really paid attention to my 10 year old nephew and he just loved all the attention.  The stellar entertainment aside, there is an obvious focus on safety and the guides take their jobs very seriously.  You feel really secure.  Or as secure as you can feel when you are dangling 350 feet above a rock floor.  I can't say enough great things about this operation.  I pride myself on my Yelper abilities and am truly shocked that my little sis in Kentucky introduced me to this tour.  Now that I know it exists, I see some ziplining in my friends' futures.  Don't let the price tag stop you.  Just go!
5	Seriously I had a BLAST here, the guys were so fun and energetic. We were hungover and tired but their energy spread to us! Bring outdoor shoes! and Sunscreen and sun glasses.I dont know, it was fun I cant explain more, it was thrilling and a joyous experience in the dinky bus ride up the hill! LOLI could tell some of the older folks didnt like their visit, they didnt seem to care for the jokes the guys were saying or our kinda silly joking party that came to zipline that day...well thats their fault.COME TO HAVE FUN AND YOU WILL HAVE FUN! These guys have great personalities
5	An activity in Vegas that doesn't involve slot machines and Casino! Yes!Super fun experience! The team is 5 hot boys ultra fun, pro! Oulala!!! From the office you take a mini bus that bring you on this dirt road. From up there you get a very nice view of Vegas, the bridge near the hoover dam. And if you get lucky you can even see little fox!!!Then you go back down through 4 different ziplines. The crew had iced water for us all the time! Big plus! They will carry your gears if you want them too.Merci!
5	Flightlinez zipline was Awesome! !!Rick, John,  Austin and Monica was great!! Very personable and patient with us and made our adventure fun!
4	The thrill to price ratio for this activity is considerably lower than a Magic Mountain or other Theme Parks.  If you are someone that doesn't do these "crazy" things often, this should be a thrill worth the trip for you, provided you aren't on a tight budget.  They have some of the longest lines I've seen.  Friendly staff and if you go when it isn't too hot, kind of a nice trip to get outside and do something.But if you are someone that loves thrills (roller coasters, performance driving schools/hot laps, bungee, skydiving, etc. etc.) you will not find this very thrilling. Save your money.5 stars if you are easily 'thrilled' 3 stars for fellow seasoned thrill seekers - average = 4
5	Instructions are easy to follow and the staff lighten the experience with humor. Spectacular views of Lake Mead and The Las Vegas Valley. You'll go pretty fast depending on your size and weight. Our guides, John and Eric did a great job and made our day. Very down-to-earth and great conversationalists. They were also pretty good at recommending places in BC to find drinks afterward. If you're seeking a fun and safe thrill ride, look no further. Highly recommend!
5	Tyler (too tall), Keegan (butter finger), Jacob (Avocado), Justin (Sauce) are awesome tour guides!! They are very funny and nice. They make you feel comfortable and safe. Lot of fun!!
5	Unconventional Vegas. LOVED THIS.This was my first zip lining experience and the team of five guy (Rick, Tyler, John, Brad and Justin) who took us were incredible. They were hilarious, they were easy to talk to, attractive, always engaging, great tour guides, and extremely knowledgable. They provide easy instructions. They'll even hold your gear and let me tell you, that gear is NOT LIGHT. They've got some muscles for sure. They provide a shuttle from Excalibur and water from the moment you arrive till the moment you leave. They give you goodies at the end (discounts and a water bottle) and you can buy other stuff like shirts and whatnot. I will recommend this to everyone trying to doing something unconventional in vegas. I had the best time ever!TIPS: 1) Bring your own go pro (or rent one there) to record your experiences!! You can bring your phone up to take pictures, but you can't film while zipping!2) Wear hiking shoes3) If you go in December, wear a sweater or something warm because it gets windy and cold when you're zipping through the canyon4) Bring sun glasses; you go up to 60mph, & the wind makes you cry, so the sun glasses kind of helps.
4	Too tall, Cody and Justin, all GREAT guys. They made the experience memorable for sure. The wife LOVED it, while i was balancing more on the edge of cool and meh. If you're looking for an adrenaline rush this might not be the place for you, but if you're looking to not get too crazy on a place to take your date;  this is it. The views are phenomenal, and the ziplining is fun. The tour guides are full of personality and quirkiness.In vegas and never ziplined? Come to bootleg canyon and try it out
5	If anyone has anything negative to say about their experience they are either a stick in the mud or too high on their horse to appreciate it.  I can not say enough times how great of an experience we had!!!  The guides were entertaining and energetic. You could tell they really love their jobs. Hell I would too if I could do that all day! They give you a full demonstration of safety, braking, and proper positioning etc. You leave to go on the tour slightly nervous but mostly excited. You get in the bus to drive up the mountain. Great views on the way up. Once you arrive you have a moderate hike to the first line.  They take many breaks to allow for people to catch their breath and take in the views. Each line takes a bit of time get each person going but if you like the outdoors and enjoy taking in the awesome views then the time between is not at all bothersome. I actually enjoyed that it took time. I can't imagine rushing through the tour and feeling as stoked at the end as I did when we finished at our slow pace. once you actually get hooked up each hipline has something different to offer whether its speed or length. I am on the lighter side and I still felt I went very fast!!!  They do offer a shuttle to pick up from the strip but we rented a car and am glad we did. The location was only about 10-15mins from the Hoover Dam and many other hiking opportunities! I enjoyed every aspect of my time EXCEPT when it was over. If i could I would do it every day before I leave Vegas in a few days! Don't forget to tip your guides! They deserve it!
5	A SUPER FUN DAY! I live in Boulder City and have known about Flightlinez for years, but never did it until last Saturday. It was a thrill and a treat on every level! I had been too chicken to use a gift certificate for nearly a year and now I wonder why I waited so long AND I can't wait to do it again! Once I saw how well constructed the lines are, the sturdy equipment, and the professionalism of the crew, my fears turned into anticipation for the next run. Flying over the desert landscape of Bootleg made it a special pleasure.Even more breathtaking than the views was the jolliness and physical strength of the guides who had to scoot out on the lines on one of the runs because the wind kept the lighter folks from flying all the way to the platform. AMAZING! (and probably the only time in my life I ever wished I were heavier) The awesome crew - Jordan, Austyn, Justin, Mike, "Andy" and one other I forgot (sorry) paid every attention to our safety and comfort. EVERYONE had a great time and I really felt my "fun" reset button got a good push. THANK YOU!!!
5	SUPER FABULOUS staff, especially Nick, he's a beast. If you get stuck halfway he's your Superman. This is truly a dynamite experience!
5	Completely awesome experience!  Great staff of young guys who are fun, helpful and funny.  I highly recommend this if you have a bit of adventure in your blood.  Loved it!  Locals discount too :)
5	Nothing less of amazing! Definitely a unique Vegas experience compared to other boring activities on the Strip. One of the best zip-lining experience for bf & I to date. You have to hike a little just FYI so wear comfortable shoes. Bring a sweater because it gets pretty chilly for the speed you pick up zip-lining down. We got picked up from Excalibur & the ride was about 45 mins. Friendly & great service from everyone in the company.Note: don't freak out and use the brake unless they advise you to do so. There were a few people in our group that freaked out and used their brakes... they ended up stuck on the zip-line and had to get pulled in.
5	Amazing!!! Highly recommend when you come to Vegas. Staff is entertaining which made the experience more memorable. You'll be zip-lining 4 times in the 3 hrs that you will be out. The entire staff was also super awesome! Thanks Too Tall, Cody, & Pancake!!
5	Finally visited Flightlinez after waiting for our youngest to meet the minimum weight requirement.  Well worth the wait to get the weight...Austin & Tyler took us up on our adventure, they were great guys who know what they were doing and we also able to point out many interesting sights along the way.  The zip lines were easy to get to and exhilarating to ride.  We had plenty of water provided, great equipment, clean facilities and great training beforehand.  We'll be back and you will be too once you decide to take the plunge!
5	Been living in Vegas for 8 yrs and never really knew what an amazing experience was just down the road!  Can't wait to do it again!  Everything and everyone was great!  The staff were super friendly and very informed and made sure everyone always felt safe.  If you're looking for some off the strip fun that gives you some adrenaline along with gorgeous views of Boulder City, Lake Mead, and Las Vegas this is the adventure for you!!!
5	I wanted to cross off another bucket list item before the end of the summer and with the support of a fellow Yelper and her hubby- I was off on my first zip lining adventure. I was very hesitant to go on the first run, but with the patience of the guide I finally decided to go and I am so glad that I did. The first line was the fastest and the rest were a piece of cake. I never once felt unsafe. I was just nervous about the feeling of zipping along at a high rate of speed- high above ground -on a thin wire. The guides were very good at repeating the safety procedures all while being very silly with their jokes. I would recommend wearing tennis shoes, sunscreen, clothes you don't mind getting dirty, and eating a light snack beforehand. They provide water so I wouldn't bring any.If you have  GoPro- bring it!The one thing that was a bit distracting was the odor that I was not 100% sure of its source-- the helmets/harnesses we wore or some of the fellow tourists in our group because as the tour progressed-the smell got stronger! :/I hear there are sunset tours and full moon tours. I am ready to go back to experience one of those tours.
4	Zipping right along! It was mid summer so we chose an early time to start our adventure.  After meeting up at their building and signing the disclosure forms, you are ready to go! You take a small bus up the mountain at which point there is a small hike to the first platform.  Honestly the bus ride was about the scariest part for me - yes he was a crazy driver around the curves.  You carry your 'trolley' on the hikes.  It's almost 20 lbs and awkward.   The guys will carry them for you if you can't handle it (like me).  There is a total of 4 lines to bring you back down the mountain.  The first line gets you going about 50-60 mph! So fun! The harnesses provided have a small pocket on the back for phones or valuables you don't want to lose.  GoPros are available or you can bring your own! They now are offering sunset and night zip lines so I would love to try that! A beautiful view and good times made this a memorable experience!
5	I was a bit apprehensive about zip-lining....ok...scared...But man was it awesome!  The 4 guys from Flightlinez taking care of us were really cool and helpful.  The bus ride to the top of the mountain prior to the actual zip-lining might just be the scariest part!  It was just a great experience for my fiance and I and we're looking forward to getting back to vegas and going zip-lining again!  Endorsed by "Big Red"
5	Pancakes crew was the best.  Had a blast. Awesome views of the Vegas valley and stand up comedians for guides.  Be warned it gets damn cold on the mountain.
