5	Troy runs the show and either does the work or brings help with him.  He not only fixes everything but gives you ideas of a better way or different way than you might have considered.  The input is valuable, the work is reliable, the price is reasonable.  If you own a home or homes, you have projects for him.  I occasionally grow tired of putting everything off and call Troy who makes everything better!
5	Troy has done a number of projects for me ranging from painting a building to some light wall repairs.  Every time a new project comes up I think I am going to call him and stump him with something he, "Can't Do". I am still waiting for that response.  Most other tradesmen I have ever met are driven strictly by how much money they can make and how fast they can complete the job to move on to the next project.  Troy is super obsessive about customer satisfaction.  After your project is complete expect him to follow up several times to make sure you are completely, 100% satisfied.
5	Honest...Dependable...Reasonable...Quality Work.  Enough Said
5	Troy is the man. I was getting my house painted and was disconnecting my power to my fax, telephone connection and it sparked my outlet and made the wall black, but what I forgot to mention is that we were getting our house painted during this time. So I called Troy, told him the situation and took a picture and sent it to him, he called me back and explained everything he was going to do and he was there early than expected, worked around my painter. Moral of the story.... Troy is a life-saver and I definitely have him on speed dial, wouldn't call anyone else. Thanks Troy!!!!
5	Troy is the most dependable, honest and hardworking handyman I have ever met. I have used dozens over the years in my real estate business and Troy is my go to guy almost exclusively now. If he can do it, then he is your guy!
5	Troy replaced my broken window in my garage door. He did a great job and it cost me less then expected. Troy is also the nicest guy you'll meet. Over all a great experience. I'll be calling him in the future.
5	We had some water damage at our rental property. Troy came in replaced the trim, drywall, textured, and painted. It looks like nothing ever happened. He gives alternatives if a repair can be done a little less expensive and can pretty much fix anything. He shows up when he says and over delivers on his service. Highly recommended.
5	Troy is as honest and knowledgeable as you will find.  I have hired TKS for several repair jobs and will continue to use and refer him.He is determined to provide excellent customer service at a price far too low for his skill level.
5	Troy recently came by to install a new counter top as well as put up some monitor mounts at our Mesa store.  He was extremely professional, there on short notice, and did a FANTASTIC job.  The new oak counter top couldn't look better!  The monitor mounts weren't even a challenge for him (I wouldn't have wanted to touch it as they were going in brick) and he was done before I even thought possible.  You are the man Troy!
5	If you need a handyman, call Troy.  You will not be sorry.The biggest worries for me:-Are they going to do sloppy work? (I like quality).-Are they going to try & rip me off? (I can be a little suspicious).Troy did fantastic work.   He worked efficiently & did a GREAT job.  He even cleaned up after himself & hauled away the garbage for me!  It was so easy.  Not to mention, he was punctual!When you call Troy, you'll realize that he is not only, very meticulous at his work, but he is affordable & just plain & simple - a nice, honest guy who enjoys what he does.  TKS Handyman Services should stand for: Totally Kool Service:)P.S.  He gets a kick out of it when he is able to save someone some money!
5	Just called Troy for a Ceiling fan Remote for one of the rentals, he is in and out in 5 min. That is where experience saves you serious $$$!
5	I have used TKS Handyman Service around 6 different times during the last 2 years.  Always a great, pleasant experience!  I have even recommended TKS to several of my clients and have always received a thank you from them.  Troy is affordable, nice, well mannered and he even did great quality work on every occasion.  There is no bad surprises when you use TKS for your property repair needs!  He gets a "Thumbs-Up" from me!
5	Troy has always come to our rescue when we've needed him.   He's very reliable, thorough and extremely reasonably priced.  Does it get any better than that?  Next time you need help with anything around the house or office make sure to give Troy a call, I promise you will not be disappointed!
5	Troy is a rock star!  He is reliabile and inexpensive, knowing how to complete virtually any task.  I have used him several times on everything from routine maintenance to heavy-duty repairs.  Would strongly recommend calling him for whatever task or project you have in mind.
5	Troy with TKS installed an R.O. system for me in my kitchen and he did it fast, cheap, and with superior quality. Now I have clean tasting water thanks to Troy.
5	WOW! This company is amazing.  It's rare to find a contractor who gives you a fair quote and then sticks to it, tells you when they'll be there and actually shows up, AND is able to handle your problem fast and efficiently.  You would think in this down economy that all businesses would do this, but they don't.  So when we found TKS Handyman Services we were thrilled.  Thanks, TKS!
5	I watched Troy patch a hole and was amazed at how fast he had it repaired!  He is so down to earth and easy to talk to about what you need done.  He is so talented and capable of fixing anything you throw his way.  I feel so lucky to know such a cool guy!!  This is someone you can feel safe with in your home and your wallet! Keep rockin' it TKS HANDYMAN SERVICE!
5	Troy does amazing and efficient work!  I have had him do work on a rental property I help manage as well as some work at my business.  Each time, he has been on time, worked quickly and efficiently, and charged a very reasonable and fair price for his work.  I don't worry about the quality, as I know he always does high quality work.  I also have the assurance that if something isn't right, he will make it that way!If you need a handyman, Troy is a sure bet!  You won't be disappointed in his quality of work and his integrity!
5	I have used Troy a few more times and always try to write an update on the business. Again, Troy didn't disappoint!!! Troy loves figuring things out, Loves doing good work and making sure the customer is happy and loves saving his customers money. I love calling Troy to do work for me. Keep up the Great Job Troy, everyone I have referred has been more than satisfied.
5	I've hired Troy to do work in my own personal home and, as a residential Realtor, I've also referred him to countless clients of mine.There are far too many baaaaad handymen out there to be choosing one randomly from the phone book or newspaper.  Take my advice...  Troy is the only name you need to know when you need any kind of work done in your home or office, whether it be a small repair or a remodel.  His work is exceptional, and his prices are fair!
5	TKS Handman Service turned out to be a great call. I was referred to TKS by my friend Amy to put in a doggy door. The owner Troy promptly came to my house to give me an estimate and figure out the best placement.  I ended up using him for a roof repair leak. The roof leaked badly in my kitchen and he came right over with some suggestions and fixed it. I haven't had it leak again in close to a year. Thanks so much Troy. Going to use this firm again for some future installation of some fans.  Would recommend.
5	Efficient doesn't even BEGIN to describe Troy at TKS Handyman Services' work!! He repaired a 6"x6" patch of drywall in less than 10 minutes! And don't think for a second that it was shoddy workmanship! He pounded on it to prove that it'd hold to the surrounding drywall, and would sustain any further texturing or painting. I have never been less than impressed with not only Troy's work and technique, but the reputation that preceeds him.
5	Troy has been doing work at all of our company's locations for years, and he's been incredibly fair, reliable and does great work. When I need something fixed, I call Troy. No one else. I joke with my friends that he's such a good handyman, he's like a Rent-A-Husband -- someone to come in and repair things that I just can't!
5	Hired Troy for some general Handyman work around the house recently, mostly stuff I have no talent or desire to do; put in new garbage disposal, hang towel rack, put on door threshold, etc. etc. Troy's very consciences about his work, and very diligent.  He even saved me money on the new garbage disposal!  Thanks Troy!
5	We hired Troy to assemble a VERY large wooden swing set. He gave us the best quote and even though it took him more time than anticipated, he did not charge us anymore than the original quote. He rate was more than reasonable. He was reliable and got the job done. I will definitely use him in the future.
5	Troy just left my house after fixing my water heater and dishwasher.  Every other handyman/plumber tried to rip me off my talking me in to replacing with expensive unit and one guy even had the nervs attempt  add a surcharge for city permit???, which doesn't even make sense.   Troy came on time, and was super friendly and expertly isolated the problem to a broken wire on top of the water tank.  Troy just tighten a screw on my dishwasher and confirmed that the unit was working properly.   I actually met an honest handyman & technician who knows what he is doing.   I spent over 10 yrs as property manager and many handyman type guys caused more problem for me than fixing problem.  Troy charged me a very reasonable fee.   He was easy to work with and took time to provide good advice on my pool as well.   I am referring Troy to everyone I know and will use only Troy for future work.   Thanks Troy you truly made my day.   If you are reading this Troy, I want you to know I really appreciate your work and how you made this experience very pleasant.   Thank you, thank you Troy.!!!!
5	Troy is a rockstar!  He has helped me with work at my office, personal residence and rental properties.  Sometimes I feel guilty because he charges so much less than others, but I think that is because he does a lot of the work himself, or brings a helper to keep the amount of time down.  Without all of the overhead some of the other companies out there have, probably helps Troy stay so reasonable in his pricing and bids.  I would highly recommend Troy to others and have.  If you need any sort of handyman service from as simple as paint to as detailed as some basic rebuilding or repair, Troy is your Boy!
5	Troy is one in a million. It takes awhile to get an appt with him (unless it's an emergency); maybe a few days or even a few weeks, but it's worth the wait. I always pay him more than he asks, even with his low hourly rates, because of how much he lowballs. He's a gem.
5	Troy was fast, efficient and just a nice guy! We had him install an over-the-range microwave. He estimated about half the cost of what Lowe's wanted to charge us to do it. He came before work and left just in time so I wasn't late. This is the first time we've ever used a handyman service and after reading other reviews of other companies, I'm so happy we chose him. We have a few other random jobs around the house and plan on using his services again very soon! Thanks, Troy!
5	Troy was recommended to us by George of Paradise Carpet Cleaning, and we are so thankful for that! We were quoted $375 by a plumber to fix our outdoor hosebib. A friend told us that was silly and should not cost that much. My husband called Troy and he asked us to text him a picture of our hosebib (it was the one that autofilled our pool AND was attatched to our drip system) to see if he could fix it. He called back a few minutes later and explained to my husband what to do and we could fix it ourselves very easily! Between the piece we needed to replace and a couple tools, I think it cost us about $35!!!! Troy was SO helpful and honest....its sad how many people are out there to rip you off. We will definitely be calling Troy in the future for any other fixes around the house! (In fact, I just thought of one!) Thank you Troy!!!!
5	Troy has come to our office a few times to fix various things that are in disrepair, including repairing a leaking pipe causing water to flood our office kitchen.  He's always been honest, straightforward, and takes pride in getting a job done right.  He's very knowledgeable and I would recommend him to anyone that needs a handyman.
1	Called twice to request visit to review work to be done and estimate - never returned calls.  Takes more than skill with tools to be a good service provider.  It also takes being courteous and responsive to customer calls.  Moving on to next one on Yelp list...
5	Troy is amazing!!  I am very particular about how things get done.  He does a great job, is very fast , very clean, professional and a pleasure to have around! I highly recommend him!
1	Doesn't return calls.  Tried in May and in July.
5	Troy responded to my call on the same day, and scheduled service in just a few days after.  Good, solid work done.  Hourly rate is reasonable, and he works quickly.  Probably have him back in a few months for miscellaneous house repairs that are nagging me.
5	I have used Troy on several occasions and am always so pleased with the quality of his work.  He added laminate wood flooring to the 3 landings on my large staircase.  He went above and beyond to find the matching laminate that had been installed in my home 5 years ago.  I had been told by several sources it was discontinued but he found the perfect match after visiting multiple stops for me.  Everything he has done in my home has been left in far superior quality then to what it was originally built.  I will not use anyone else in the future but Troy.
5	There's a reason Troy has this kind of stellar rating across the board.  He's the best.  He figured out a way to fix my door even though several contractors said it was impossible, and saved me 75% in the process.
5	I had a small flood in a rental property recently. I called Troy who came out to replace the drywall. He did an excellent job. It looked like nothing had happened. He was timely and very affordable. He knew I went so far as calling me four or five times when he saw inexpensive vanities at Home Depot. Troy is a fantastic hanyman and very trustworthy.
5	I'm forever in search of my "dream handyman" and now I think I've found him (knock on the wood). After several years of disappointing experiences with handymen, I started to believe that there is no such thing as a good handyman.  Thanks to Yelp (and "no" this is not a advertisement for Yelp) I'm hopeful that I've finally found my "go to" man for repairs big and small. I called Troy in a time of desperation, needing to get several repairs to my home before my renters moved in.  He arrived in the morning, worked for eight straight hours, and checked off everything on my list.  When I discovered a few more things, he returned within a few days, and finished those jobs as well. Troy seems committed to saving clients money whenever possible ... based on my experience with him. He bills hourly, works fast and his rate is reasonable. Based on his service, and all of his positive reviews on Yelp, I'm sure Troy must be a very busy handyman, but somehow he still made me feel like a "preferred" client.  I rarely post reviews on Yelp, but in this case, a rave review is definitely in order.  Thanks Troy!
5	I would give more stars if I could!  Troy is the best, so look no further if you need a handyman.  He came out to service a fan in a rental property I have.  Not only was it not normally an area he serviced, he went out immediately AND even tried to save me money once he figured out the issue.  I have not had such great service from any person or business is a LONG time!  Great service, great price, and would absolutely contact him again for handyman services!
1	TKS handyman. He may indeed be the courteous handymen of some reviewers' dreams but unfortunately I did not have that experience. I called him but could not leave a message as his voice mail was full. I saw that several reviewers mentioned texts so I texted him. I let him know that his voice mail was full and that I was looking for a dry waller. I understood it was a late Friday afternoon so wasn't expecting a quick response. 3 hours later though I got one. It was polite and asked if he could call me the next day.He didn't though. Nor the day after that. Nor Monday. I tried calling him Monday but his voice mail was still full. I sent a text letting him know I would go elsewhere as he appeared to be busy. I hope he is ok as it just occurred to me he may have been injured on a job.The reason I am bothering to review is that he did initially respond. If he hadn't I would have consigned him to the meh file but the promised call back never materializing was more disappointing then never receiving a response would have been.
5	Called Friday afternoon hoping to set an appt. for the following week.  Troy answered his phone at another job and worked me into his schedule the same day.  He was on time, knowledgeable, professional, and fun to talk with.  He was very reasonably priced and made some very good recommendations about future projects we'd been discussing at home.  I would not hesitate to call him again!!
1	Called Troy to provide and install a back yard gate. He responded quickly and came out right away to take measurements and provide an estimate. I never received my estimate and when I asked if he had another job that was delaying him I received no response. Seemed like a nice guy but no follow through and I am still looking for a back gate.
2	I called TKS because my patio door was hard to open and this vendor had good reviews.  When I spoke to Troy he said the problem was most likely the rollers and the repair would cost between $70-$100. What should have taken less than an hour took about 2 hours. He arrived and first looked and sprayed the bottom of the door into the roller area.  When this didn't work he took the door off and tried to clean the rollers. When he put the door back it was even harder to open and so he took pliers and tried to widen the side tracks thinking that the fit was too tight. This too didn't work. He tried other things but nothing worked and after about an hour he left to go buy rollers (for some reason he didn't bring any with him).  He had to travel to 3 different stores, one of which was at the other side of town, to get what he needed.   After 2 hours the new rollers were put on and the door was fixed.  I paid $122.62 and not the $70 - $100 I was quoted. I am disappointed that I had to pay for his 40 minute trip searching for the rollers.
5	Troy was AWESOME!  He provided  exceptional service at a price that couldn't be beat!  He was professional and got the job done that I needed.  He came when he said he would and was quick to get the repair done.  I HIGHLY recommend using Troy for ANY projects you might have.  He will take great care of you!  I have referred him to other friends and they have also had stellar experiences.
5	My wife and I love troy. Troy is a great handyman extremely polite and very honest. I trust him completely and would recommend him to anyone.
5	I had a very good experience with TKS...called and he answered right away, and scheduled appointment for the next morning.  He came to my business where we had multiple odd jobs that needed fixing.  He finished all in one day, and everything it working perfectly now!  The price was very fair.  I would highly recomment TKS!
5	Troy of TKS Handyman Service is fabulous. He has done two jobs for us, and we are completely thrilled with his work and the results. Troy first repaired a number of problems with bathroom faucets. His next job came in two parts. First, he removed our old countertops and disconnected the plumbing in the kitchen in preparations for new granite countertops and sink to be installed by another company. Troy returned four days later to reinstall the plumbing. While he was there, he also hung a new light fixture and made a minor wall repair in our living room. Troy was punctual, friendly, professional, fast, and honest. His fees are reasonable, and I recommend him to anyone. Thanks, Troy. Our kitchen looks great. The faucets run well, and the walls look wonderful.
5	I have been using Troy for many years now. He is the most polite and honest person you could ever wish to meet. It takes a lot to impress me since I am in the construction trade. He really knows his stuff. I have used him and recommended him in the past and will continue to do so. Troy is my go to guy when I myself am in need or a friend is in need of a TRUE handyman.
5	JOB WELL DONE!!! I am very satisfied with Troy and the work he preformed at my request. He was prompt, knowledgable and respectful of my property. His pricing was fair and he followed up immediately when a small problem was discovered. I plan on using his services again and only wish that he could be cloned.
2	Ahh...the catch 22 of Yelp. You get so popular that you can afford to not return calls. Troy is great when he actually shows up and does the job. The first time he came over, he was great. He was fast and did a decent job. His rate was relatively fair, it could have been better but it could have been worse. When I called to arrange a second job, he didn't return my call or text for weeks. And I'm an established client of his who tipped him an additional $50 the first time. It just seems like he is busy and doesn't care about etiquette. I won't use him again but then again, I value reliability and professionalism. I'm looking for a handyman that I can rely upon for multiple jobs for many years and this won't cut it.
5	TKS gets 5 stars and two thumbs up, and here is why:  Troy was able to do all the repairs I needed AND make my tenant happy. How does THAT happen? So a thumb up from me and one from my tenant also! Pretty amazing he's able to please us both.  I needed to find a handyman to replace my current guy who retired. I found Troy on Yelp, and gave him a call based on the good reviews. He explained his rates, etc. right up front and was very prompt, polite and thorough from start to finish.  Kept me informed, and did everything that needed to be done in an efficient and professional manner.  He has a great understanding of what his customers need and does an excellent job meeting their expectations.  Looking forward to using Troy for many years to come.
5	I was referred to Troy by someone who raves about him, but whom also said he was slammed with business, so I was thinking I would have to wait (good, quality, honest and not-creepy handymen are not easy to find). I have a refrigerator I've invested more money in than I care to admit - hiring an expensive repairman two years ago to replace the ice maker. I was ready to throw in the towel and buy a new one until Troy came to the rescue. What a find! Troy removed the ice maker, said he'd call in a few days with a replacement and ended up unexpectedly being able to replace/repair it that day - along with another long-needed "honey do" that my husband hadn't addressed. Troy's cost was 1/4th what I would have spent with a refrigerator repair man - and about 1/20th of what I would have spent on a new refrigerator. Thanks Troy for coming to the rescue!
5	As a single young woman living alone I wanted to make sure that I had a handyman that I could trust! I called Troy and he immediately called me back and was able to mount my tv for me the next day! He was so friendly and helpful definitely someone I would recommend to anyone! He was in and out and I am very happy with the outcome! Thanks Troy
1	I had high hopes to work with Troy. He called right away after I called to set up an appointment. He came by to look at my job and said it was pretty straightforward He then said he would get back with me on a quote. After a week and multiple text messages asking for a quote he never got back to me.
5	Due to all the positive reviews, I decided to give TKS Handyman Services a call.  I am glad I did. Troy did a fantastic job for me. I had several things I needed done from plumbing, window treatment's hung, to concrete repair & more. He did an excellent job. In addition to that, he was prompt, courteous  & kind.  I will be calling TKS again.
1	Incredibly unresponsive - I can never get a hold of TKS Handyman Service.  This is the second time I've needed something repaired at my place and both times I've left messages and called multiple times - never a response.
5	I have had Troy do many repairs for me at my home always done right and resonablypriced.
5	Let's see, Troy showed up exactly on time, was courteous and friendly to the wife and kids, fixed everything he said, steered me away from costly projects, and showed me how to maintain everything or do it myself the next time.  I have been a homeowner for 20 years and rank him as one of the best.  He's hard to schedule because he probably has a lot of repeat business, of which, I will be one.
5	Troy has been taking care of my rental property for the last 2 years.  He has been very pleasant to work with and always does great work.  And my tenants also agree.  I will continue to use him in the future.  He is an honest Handyman and provides exceptional service.
4	Troy is definitely a quality Handyman, who I have called several times with questions.He also did some significant repairs for my home before it was sold. He was able to quote the job promptly and completed it just as quick. I think very highly of Troy because of his honesty and work ethic. He won my business after the job he did on my first home and now I call him if there is any issue I cannot tackle myself. I know he super busy because of his yelp following which could lead to the unreturned calls.The only part I wasn't completely thrilled with is the time it took to finally pay him. It did take a couple weeks to finally complete payment. Again my guess is out of sight out of mind. Regardless I would recommend Troy at TKS to anyone looking for a handyman here in the Valley!
5	Troy is truly an exceptional handyman! He shows up when he says he will, has completely fair pricing, and most of all, he just does great work. He also bends over backwards to make time to fit your job in, whether it be large or small. He is an exceptionally nice guy who is very easy to talk to. He has done so many jobs for me, including mounting TVs, installing ceiling fans, fixing toilets and even building a brand new patio awning. I highly recommend him for any and all jobs around your house.
5	Troy is a skilled handyman whom I would certainly recommend.  I contacted him early this morning asking if he could possibly stop by my acupuncture clinic and install a curtain.  He made his way over this afternoon and did a great job.  All I asked was for a clean, professional install and that is what I got at a reasonable price.  I'm a satisfied customer.In the future I wouldn't hesitate to hire him again.
5	Troy is awesome. He returned my message within a couple of hours. I explained my problem over the phone. Rather than scheduling an appointment and falsely charging me, he provided me with an alternate remedy. He said if that didn't work, he'd come out. Well it worked and saved me $$$$. There are few handymen who are that honest. I'll definitely use Troy again.
1	This is the downside of finding services on Yelp.  Tried calling Troy - he didn't answer, and couldn't leave a msg because his mailbox was full.  Have had this experience before - he may be a good handyman but a terrible business person.  Does not even take the time to clear his voicemail.  He couldn't possibly be returning anyone's phone call.
5	Once again Troy has come to my rescue!   I called him on a Thursday to get recommendations on a t.v. wall mount and by the following Monday it was securely hung up on my bedroom wall.  He's friendly, very knowledgeable and quite the handyman.  Yet another job well done by Troy that I'm extremely pleased with!  Thanks Troy!
5	My favorite characteristic of Troy and his Crew is his terrific customer service!  He will always make time for me, even on the busiest of days, and if he can't actually stop, he will let me know that.  THAT, in itself, is HUGE.  His communication, to ensure that he is setting the appropriate expectations, is unmatched.  Moreover, he has often offered to help me fix something via phone...how f'ing remarkable is that!?  I would highly recommend Troy and his services to all my family and friends!
5	Had Troy come over to my house to hang a mirror, he was prompt and did a great job.  I then had him return to my acupuncture clinic to hang a few things, professional and clean work.As always I am very happy with Troy and would gladly recommend his services.Thanks Troy!Paul Kerzner, L.Ac.Above & Beyond Acupuncture 4300 N. Miller Rd., Suite 144Scottsdale, AZ 85251www.aboveandbeyondacupuncture.com
5	You cannot get a better handyman service than Troy. He has worked on my rental property a couple of times and goes out of his way to ensure that the work is done right. Troy will make extra trips to get products needed for the job without even charging you.....he is absolutely the best and his work is a reflection of his integrity as a quality handyman. I would recommend him for pretty much anything and everything !
1	An appointment was set up to have my mom's television mounted this morning. Not only did he never show up, he never answered the phone after not showing up.
5	I needed to get a ceiling fan installed and called TKS and Troy was able to come out the same day. He was very friendly and felt comfortable having him in my home. I would recommend him and will call him for more home improvements for sure.His prices are very responsible.
5	Troy is the man!! Any job he always comes through and does a great job. Had him mount TVs, projector, screen and always does a great job at a great price. Highly recommended.
2	Very disappointing to read such great reviews but experience such poor communication from Troy.  He returned one of several calls but did not call back again as promised to schedule an appointment.  Have left two messages since without reply.  Finally gave up and moved on to another handyman.
1	And the trend continues.  They are not interested in new business either.  I requested a call back even if they couldn't help me, so I could move on, but no response.
5	Troy is the go-to guy when it comes to handyman services!  I needed some drywall work done in my house, and decided to use Troy after hearing about his clean work.  He was nothing but friendly and professional, and I will not only recommend him to others, but will also use him again for future household projects.  My parents came over to see the work he did on the house, and are currently setting up a time for Troy to come repair some drywall in their house damaged by water leaking through the attic.  His work speaks for itself.I know Troy has a large yelp following, so I would recommend sending him a text if you are looking for services or a quote.  He always responds in a timely manner after I send a text his way.
