2	McCormick & Schmick's is an adequate chain restaurant that clearly is a carbon copy of others located around the country.  The food is decent, but formulaic.  If you can get the wait staff to break from the script, they are usually quite friendly and eager to please.  As with many large "upscale" chain restaurants, butter seems to be the ingredient that is frequently overdone.  McCormick & Schmick's is no different.  They offer a 50% discount on lunches to employees of the South Side Works, and if I didn't benefit from that, I would never pay their normal prices for the food you get.
3	I had occasion to dine at McCormick & Schmick's during a trip to South Side Works.  Their location is convenient to SSW foot traffic and the combination of seemly tasty (though pricey) offerings displayed on the menus mounted outdoors along with the "OMG - something new and modern here in the 'Burgh!" factor was the initial draw of our small party.Once inside we were hustled through a mosh pit style crowd surrounding the bar (I guess we're all desperate for something new in Pittsburgh) to a tiny bar table as the only available seating.  After our first round of drinks we were advised the actual wait for a table in the dining area would be considerably longer than initially expected.  Despite our cramped seating and jostling of the fuddled crowd we ordered another round and forged ahead dining were we sat.  Between the ambient chatter of the crowd and loud music we could barely hear ourselves think let alone comfortably speak with one another .  My sisters new fiance (eager to make a good impression on his future mother-in-law), made it clear to the waitress upfront that he would be taking care of our bill for the evening, but in true Rodney 'No Respect' Dangerfield style was consistently ignored throughout the evening, we were served incorrect drinks several times, the appetizers ordered were never brought out (yet were included on the bill), his dinner order was presented incorrectly twice... I could go on.On some level it was comical how many things were going wrong and all we could do was laugh - as the saying goes 'doody happens'.  Admittedly, the wait staff was pleasant and appropriately apologetic.  The restaurant was beautiful inside (though not particularly unique) with lots of warm wood, white linens, soft lighting, and golden accents. The mark up on a glass of wine was ridiculous (you could buy a bottle for what they charge you for a glass in some cases), but the food was good.I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on the service - perhaps they were just getting off to a rough start.  I'm sure we'd have had a different experience on the dining side of the restaurant had we waited for a table or made reservations, but I haven't felt inclined to return.  Our group consensus was that the price paid in money and aggravation wasn't worth that two hours of our lives.
3	This place is  located in a pretty fun place, south side works.  I  like the interesting shops in the area and a few restaurants.  Unfortunately, many of the restaurants are national chains like this one.  However, this place knows what it is doing.  You won't be blown away, but I've never had a bad meal here.  I went today with a couple friends and sat at the bar.  The space is nice enough with plenty of seating and high ceilings.  The bar area is pretty nice with a few hightops scattered about.  On the weekends this place can get pretty busy at the bar.  Today we were the only ones there.  The bartender Jen used to  work here and then she was at the Library down the street and now she's back again.  She's competent and friendly enough.  She said she makes a terrific bloody mary, so we ordered a few.  The bloody mary was very spicy and very strong.  It was a  good bloody mary and certainly wouldn't take more than two of these to wake you up in the am.  We started out with a nice very fresh sourdough bread with butter.  The sourdough was great.  I'm thinking "Breadworks".  I tried a smoked salmon appetizer that was served with red onions, capers, and chopped eggs.  It was very much a brunch dish.  The salmon was tasty and their were plenty of toppings.  The salmon was served on these crispy crackers with some type of flavorless sauce.  When  you  bite into the crackers the whole thing basically explodes.  It's not a very user friendly way to serve the salmon.  This would have been much better with just a bagel and some cream cheese.  I tried a friends "Firecracker" rolls.  It was basically a chicken egg roll.  It was okay, but not memorable.  He also ordered a reuben which he said was good.  I tried one of his fries that looked good, but was kind of mushy instead of crispy.  I had a tilapia which was served encrusted with some type of nut (pecans maybe, don't quite  recall).  It was cooked perfectly and quite frankly a little too big for a lunch portion.  Served with a nice tasty rice pilaf and some green beens.  This was good, but heavier than I would have liked with the topping on the fish.  Overall this place does fish quite well.  The dinners are a bit overpriced, but again it is a franchise.  This is a perfectly suitable option in the south side works.
3	I would be more inclined to rate the joint 3.5 stars, but there is no such thing in Yelp land.  Definitely not worthy of 4 stars, but this Christmas dinner that we had here was taking the place of the Christmas Day Dinner that my recently departed Gram would prepare.  So it had big shoes to fill.  There weren't many restaurants that were open on Christmas Day, and this was the one that seemed to be more middle of the road with a touch of elegance.For a Pittsburgh joint, the decor and ambiance is pretty spiffy.  We arrived promptly at 3:20 for our 3:30 seating, and we had to wait approximately 30 minutes before we were seated.  A tad annoying when you have a reservation.  Another item that ranks high on the annoying list is that when we were finally seated closer to 4pm, we were ready to order the courses, the server announced that they were out of ham.  That indicates incredibly poor planning on the part of the restaurant?  To run out of ham on Christmas Day at 4pm in Pittsburgh?  The likelihood that they would have Christmas ham on their menu is the only way we were able to convince my Great Aunt to dine there in the first place.  After our orders were placed, the service improved significantly.  The food was decent, but the prime rib was a bit too fatty for my Great Aunt's taste.  I ordered Medium Well, and it wasn't served that way.  I held up a visibly chunk of red meat for the server to view, hoping she would say something, but she didn't notice.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their seafood dishes, but I think it would be a tough sell to have an encore meal there next year on Christmas Day.
3	good seafood.  good atmosphere.  decent presentation.  great drinks.  over priced.
3	Meh, I never like chain restaurants.  But I wasn't in charge of this business lunch reservation so I went along with the program.  We told the server we were in a hurry but still, the service was slow.  I ordered the buffalo chicken salad.  Presentation was great, it tasted good, but my stomach gave me some negative feedback on it hours later.  Not so good.
4	Ran into McCormick's today for lunch - probably the 20th McCormick's I've been to in the US. I'd have to say it was a typical McCormick's lunch experience - great service, good to great food at very reasonable prices given both the quality of food and service/experience. Here's the lowdown on the grub:-calamari - somewhere between good to great-Walleye (on the lunch menu) - pretty good-Trout (on the dinner menu) - exceptional-Filet - pretty good for a seafood joint-Apple Cobbler Dessert - only place in the world I eat Cobbler b/c it's really good hereAs usual, I recommend McCormick's for lunch 4 star, really recommend their happy hour (5 star) and would pass as a dinner choice (3 star).
3	I felt the portions were small for the price you are paying but the food was delicious.
5	Always great food and service. All the seafood is flown in fresh daily. The crab cakes are great. The drinks are stiff. They have lots of $10 to $15 lunch specials and happy hour specials as well.A great place if you like seafood.
2	The restaurant is a relaxing space. And, I appreciate the 10 under $10 lunch idea. It would be useful, however, for the wine list to be clear that the 8 oz. glasses of house wines run $12. I had two glasses, my friend one, and just like that we had a $36 liquor bill. I had an ahi tuna skewer. It was ok - not much flavor. The stir fried vegetables were very salty. My friend order salmon cakes but a different salmon dish arrived. Overall, my feeling is that I could have spent $65.00 elsewhere for a far nicer experience.
5	Can't beat the happy hour during the week, and happy hour food prices at the bar all day Sunday!
2	My wife and I dined at the Pittsburgh, PA Southside location for our second wedding anniversary. We had a reservation for 8:30 on Saturday, and showed up around 8:15. We had to push through a very heavy revolving door, and walked up to the greeter. She told us that our table would be ready right at 8:30, so we went to the bar to have a drink while we waited. We found two seats at the bar. The bar top was dirty, with a wet menu and the ticket from a previous guest at our seats. There were two bartenders, a male and a female, arguing over something. No one greeted us. Behind the bar, there were soiled glasses, utensils, and rags all over the place. Servers were frantically coming up to the bar to get drink orders while the bar tenders ran around and yelled. It was very tense. After 5 minutes, the bartender took my drink order of a Sam Adams. My wife asked what kind of wine she had, and the bartender grabbed the wet menu and flipped it over and gave it to her. When my beer arrived, the hostess came to take us to our table. I told her that I hadn't paid for my beer yet, nor had my wife ordered her wine. She said that it would be fine, and that she'd transfer the beer to our dinner check. When we were seated, a frantic male server came to ask my wife if she wanted something to drink. She ordered a glass of wine. He asked me if I had paid for my beer, and I explained what the hostess told me. He said it would be a few minutes for the wine, as he had to go to the bar to get it. I told him what a bad experience we had at the bar, to which he apologized. He came back moments later with the wine. He explained the menu, but never offered his name. We ordered appetizers and dinner as we enjoyed the bread and our drinks. Throughout most of our dinner, he was standing at the table next to us talking to another customer about his other job as an IT person, and about a business that he owned on the side. He only came back to us once ask if we needed more drinks and to inquire about our food. We still never got his name. My wife's dinner came with creme brulee, and she inquired if she could substitute for anything else. He told her no, and did not offer me any dessert options. He brought out the creme brulee and the check, and continued to talk to the guest next to us. At one point, one of the 4 hostesses came out to clear some tables as she ate a muffin. We paid and left. We asked if they validated parking, to which a hostess said "nope". One hostess said "thanks" as we were walking out the door. The food was great. The service left much to be desired.
3	Actually 3.5 stars...4 stars if certain portions just slightly larger.Great start with a very fresh and well done calamari dish - the surprise ingredient- peppers. It works!We had Cashew Crusted Tilapia and a Perfect Combination [my combo:Crab Cake - Ahi Tuna]The tilapia was fresh and tasty. The crab cake was good, but smallish. The first piece of tuna was over cooked, but the waiter quickly replaced it with one that was perfectly seared and was excellent.  The tuna portion was also a little on the small side. However $22 for a crab cake and a piece of Ahi tuna is reasonable. Butternut Squash Orzo was a welcome side to the perfect combination.Maybe my 3 star review is a reaction to the presentation of the food. Crab cake/Tuna/Orzo/Veggies did not 'fill' plate, no garnish...seemed empty. Four parts floating on white porcelain rather than connected and presented as a whole-Have eaten at many M&S in many cities through business trips and the food is consistently well prepared. No different here on the South Side.
4	Come here for Happy Hour! You have to go the website for your location, but this one has it from 5 to 7, I believe. They have appetizers at the from from $1 to $5 and there are some pretty good items. I tried the fish tacos (which were not too good to me - very fishy tasting), the cheeseburger and fries (a big, quality burger seasoned well with fries for $2), the mussels (good), and more that I cannot remember. There is a pretty good crowd at the bar. The bartenders are ok. They are so busy that I guess they don't have time to be friendly, but they are nice.I will be back whenever I'm in town!
3	We enjoyed Christmas dinner here this year.  Not many restaurants are open, so we were excited to be able to dine here.  First off, McCormick & Schmick is not at all what I thought it was.  I thought it was an uber cool, high end fine dining experience.  In reality, it's merely a 1/2 step above Red Lobster.  When we arrived, the lobby was jammed packed.  We were seated approximately 30 minutes after our reservation time.We were lead to a table smack dab in the middle of a high traffic area.  We protested.  BJ always requests a romantic booth for two.  So after standing in the middle of the restaurant ackwardly for 5 or so minutes, we were finally taken to such a table.    Service was friendly from Val.  BJ got a Sierra Nevade brew and I ordered a festive beverage from the cocktail menu.  My Poinsettia was sweet beyond belief and tasted sort of like perfume.  We shared a chopped salad which was fairly good.  We also shared a crab tower, which was nice.  But we have had a similiar type appetizer at Bahama Breeze that is SO much better.BJ wanted to be different, so he had mussels and the clam steamer for his meal.  He liked his choice and said it was okay.  I wanted to be different, too.  So, I had the lump crab cake with southewest jicama slaw and poblano cream.  I was quite put off with the appearance of my dish.  I didn't care much for the brightly color cream slopped on my plate and the slaw was down right nasty.  The crab cake was alright.For dessert, we pondered our choices.  Nothing sounded very special, but our server was all about the carrot cake.  Surprisingly, it was the best part of our meal.
4	I went here for the first time last night and I was pleasantly surprised. While the service was painfully slow (i.e. 15 minutes wait for our $70 bottle of wine), the food - almond crusted rainbow trout with chive butter and macaroni and cheese - was very good. My hunch is that the service was slow because EVERY table was occupied and there were also several parties waiting to be seated. I actually liked M&S much more than places like the much-heralded Salt of the Earth (which I have been to three times) because the preparation was simple and you can enjoy the fundamental flavors of the fish without it being "disguised" by 16 other disparate ingredients.
4	A Happy Hour Gem!I came down here to catch their Happy Hour on a Monday night before heading to a movie. What a selection they have for both food and drinks, all at great prices. To start off with we had the spinach dip and potato skins. The multi-color chips were plentiful and complimentary to the dip that was both creamy and cheesy. Yum. Could have passed on the potato skins; even though they had a bit of cheese and bacon on them and a sprinkling of scallions, the only flavor that stood out were the potato and scallions. Still, a bargain at two bucks for 2. I also had the $2.95 cheeseburger. Pretty decent size ( a half pounder) and well cooked as long as I order it a temp below my desired temperature to compensate for overcooking. The beef confit sliders were tasty and tender but slathered with too much of their 'asian BBQ sauce'. Next time I will be sure to get it on the side. Lastly the salmon cakes were really fishy tasting. No apple or fennel flavors as described on the menu, so that was kind of disappointing. While I didn't order any drinks from their happy hour drink list, they had 3 different wine selections, 2 cocktails and 1 Blue Moon Seasonal draft selection. I applaud it merely for the variety of drink options.  I have yet to try anything on their dinner menu, but I am looking forward to doing it soon :)
2	Went for late lunch last Friday. waitress seemed uninformed when we asked about fish preparations & didn't let us know that lunch chilean sea bass cost $32!!! Unreal for lunch portion. Most grievous was the seared ahi tuna that was cold tasteless and a bit dry. Seemed like it was prepped earlier refrigerated and then served. Sashimi was equally lackluster. Will not return.
5	I have eaten at the Downtown location on several ocassions thanks to different business meeting.  Going on my own dime was timed to Happy Hour accordingly.  This particular location (Southside Works!) is easily spot-able from the street and the bar area while a tad crammed still felt welcomed.  This review is strictly based on a bar-seating and Happy Hour Pricing experience, so take it with a monetary grain of salt.Drink specials were out of this Universe.  The quality of the drinks made, the grade of the liquors used, and the balance between mixers and alcohol was perfect.  I had their Hard Lemonade (which packed a punch!) and the Mellon themed drink.  I did get to sip the Peach Puree feature drink as well.  All three of them were an excellent value at their price brackets and service was super speedy.  On the food front, I still can't get over how cheap their Happy Hour specials are.  You get decent sized portions, Mc&S caliber food, and quick service.  It definitely can't be beat.While I'm all about trying new places ... next time I'm back in the Southside Works and my friends want to do Happy Hour, this place has my vote, we can always dabble with the dinner or dessert location, haha.
3	First thing that comes to mind is that they have a KILLER happy hour special for food.  And by killer I mean it's DIRT CHEAP!  You can get a regular sized burger AND fries for $2.95.  You can't get a better deal than that!  I don't know about you guys, but I go to happy hour to eat AND drink!  It's dinner time...and I get hangry (hungry + angry) so food must be consumed.  You can also get an array of apps for only $1.95 like crab cakes, spinach dip, fish taco's, etc.  There's also "fancier" apps for about $5 like mahi cakes, mussels and pierogies (um, what?  ok!).  They're probably a good serving for one person, but for that price you can order a couple for the table.  The drink specials aren't that great on the other end of things, definitely not dirt cheap like the food.  They're from $4-7 dollars for beers, wine and the fancier drinks.  Meh.If you're dining in for dinner, the food isn't bad, but nothing too memorable.  I've had the Ahi Tuna, which is good, but not as fresh tasting, and cooked a little more than I'd prefer.  The sushi is also just kinda meh, again, just not as fresh tasting as some of the local joints we have around.  I'll just stick to stuffing my face on the cheap for Happy Hour!
4	My second lunch experience here was enjoyable, my first experience was several years ago. Both the appetizer and lunch portions are huge, I took home two thirds of my mac and cheese. The creme brulee dessert was mediocre.The wait person was exceptionally pleasant and cordial, one of Pittsburgh's best.
5	My family had salmon, shrimp, oysters, prime rib. The stuffed salmon was delicious, shellfish crisp & not soggy, & prime rib rare & hot.Upscale brass & wood setting with a cozy feel. Service was prompt but not hovering even though it was crowded on Christmas Eve.
5	We had an excellent Christmas dinner.  Service very professional.  Third year we've had Christmas dinner at M & S----that speaks for itself.
1	All I heard was that this place was fancy schmancy and wearing jeans wasn't appropriate. Whatever. I wore jeans and used a gift card. Win.My boyfriend and I ordered a buttload of food and while it was decent, it wasn't great. There were many things we wanted to order but they didn't have it.Our waiter was a moron. He had two tables (ours included) and ran - literally sprinted - back and forth from the kitchen yet didn't have any plates in his hands. Our glasses were empty most of the time and we asked for the dessert menu as our food arrived because we knew we wouldn't see him again for who knows how long.I'll never eat here again. I don't care how amazing their happy hour deals are. For what they charge and how crappy their service is, I rather eat at a Red Lobster.
1	I had a dinner here last night with a friend of mine. We were warmly welcomed but had to wait 10+ min to get a waitress and water. It was around 8pm and was not busy at all. It seemed the service was very slow all around the restaurant, not only our server.All I wanted was clean non-greasy broiled some kind of white fish and I ordered broiled flounder. I specifically asked for "broiled flounder with nothing or what so ever on it", however, my request was completely ignored and I got flounder which was cooked the way they usually do or the way it was described on the menu.I am usually bothered when servers check on the food in the middle of eating, however, not being questioned about it bothered me last night.I did not feel respected as a customer. I'm usually a generous tipper but I had to reflect my dissatisfaction on the tip which was 10%.
2	When you've made mutilple visits to a dining establishment you expect the level of service you receive to be about equal.   I have bi-polar dining experiences with McCormick and Schmicks. My first ever time there the waiter was charming, funny and attentive he brought me extra breakdand lemon wedges upon request. The sauce that the garlic mussels in was so good I had to finish all of it, long after the mussels where gone.  After eating the crume brulee I obsessed over it for days.The ambience of the resturant on that date created a romanctice mood.I have also made several trips in between the first and last time. However on my very last  visit I took my younger sibling to a breakfast buffet here.  It was disgusting I was T.O at the garbage they were feeding to these little kids.  The plates were dirty,  and everything had a refrigerated taste even the pasties. My heart breaks that any establishment would serve nasty left overs to children.Needless to say McCormick and Schmicks at least in SouthSide works is now on my do not dine list.
4	Happy hour in the bar has some great food specials.  Disappointing to hear that they are cancelling it for the 8:30 and later timeslot.  If you ask they will still honor it.  You can get a burger and fries for $3.95.  The Caesar salad was $4.95 which I thought was high considering they charge $7 for the regular one which was a lot bigger.  Like all other places they jack up the drink prices.  An Iced tea is $3.25 and Arnold Palmer $3.50 with no free refills.  Landry's has bought out the chain and the first change I have seen is an increase in prices; especially the steaks.  Worth going to for the happy hour specials.  On the regular menu, the seafood portions are small and average/high priced.  Service was good tonight.  Nice to see consistency as i have been to several locations around the US.
5	Came here for my mom's 60th. Party of 5. Very good food. Our server was fantastic.
4	Spent the last 9 days in OC...couldn't wait to get home and come to M&S for shrimp kisses and a crab cob salad (on menu as lobster but they are always willing to change to suit you)
4	I love seafood so naturally a place that serves both seafood and steak can't go wrong. The decor in this place is beautiful!! High ceilings large booths, white cloth tables and even certain seats that have drawn curtains. I first came here with my sister last year before a movie. Our server informed of us of the day's specials as well as his opinion of the wines we were interested in. We order a bottle of Blackstone Merlot and a dozen Virginia oysters. Delicious! The oysters were sweet and tasted as if they were bathed in purified water. Even with a squeeze of lemon they didn't lose their ocean flavor and pungency. For an appetizer we enjoyed their fried calamari "Fritto" that is served with marinara and some kind of lemony cream sauce. The tasted light and crispy and even better once dipped in the sauces. My favorite was the lemon cream sauce. Besides squid there were various  types of vegetables like cauliflower, carrots and peppers. For our main course I selected a basic Caesar salad and my sister chose the same. The dressing was thick but their wasn't enough for the salad. when I asked for extra dressing our waiter brought us a small dish with only enough for one salad but we made it stretch any how. Towards the end of the meal we decided their was still room for desert.My favorite part about this place is their upside down apple pie. It has a wonderfully buttery crust, warm soft apples drizzled in caramel and cinnamon. The topped it with a small scoop of french vanilla ice cream also drizzled in caramel and cinnamon. It complemented the pie so well and slowly melted from the apple pie warmth. The ice cream was very creamy and not watery or flavorless. It cost $10 a slice but is so worth it, my taste buds have never enjoyed pie more than they have at McCormick's.With all the lovely decorations, warmth, and intimate environment i would list this place as a great spot for personal time away from the hustle and bustle or just a relaxing eat for you and your loved ones. I sometimes go here just for the apple pie ;)
3	My work team had a belated holiday lunch yesterday at McCormick and Schmick's. Though I work in South Side Works, I haven't eaten here in over a year so I was happy to come back and get a fresh perspective of the restaurant, especially since my previous opinion was pretty indifferent. The customer service was good. A table for 10 was set up in a nice section of the restaurant before we arrived. We were promptly seated and had an efficient waitress. All went smoothly with service except confusion over who received which entree. Three co-workers ordered the same meal but with different substitutions, and each person received the wrong entree which resulted in some confusion and awkwardly passing plates of food around the table to correct the issue. I ordered the Ham & Brie sandwich with Blue Cheese and Apricot preserves and a side of Sweet Potato fries. The fries were very tasty - though is it possible to make Sweet Potato fries not tasty? - but I was disappointed in my sandwich. The bread had been toasted/grilled unevenly. One side was brown and crispy while the other side was mushy and buttery.  The sandwich was loaded with ham but only had a small slice of Brie. The blue cheese was nonexistent, and I could only taste the apricot preserves in a couple bites. I have a couple co-workers who are obsessed with the scallops and crab cakes here at McCormick... But as a restaurant option near many corporate offices, they should offer a great lunch. However, though they try to be creative, I would still rather get a sandwich or salad at Panera than pay 50% more here.
4	They have $1 shrimps and shucks (oysters) in the bar on Wednesday nights.  It is across from the parking.  Wish they validated parking.  Not as crowded as downtown one.  They also have been having $24.95 steak and lobster on Sunday and Monday.  The lobster is very small and the steak consists of a few slices.  I still enjoyed it.  They got rid of their Loyalty card; replaced it with Landry's.  No more amuse (free small appertizer).
3	M&S is a chain place, so consistency is what I expect. This place was consistent, with good food quality. That was the expectation, so three stars sounds about right. The positives: The food was very good, fresh, and perfectly prepared. Nothing earth-shattering, just good seafood. The negatives: There are too many tables packed into this restaurant. At any given time, you are sitting less than 2' away from another person. It's almost impossible to walk through the restaurant without making the difficult decision posed in Fight Club: ass or crotch.
3	This is a chain people -- but they do seafood pretty well.  There is a fresh sheet each day.  We were grateful to hit this place on a Sunday night just before they closed.The fried oysters are very lightly fried and excellent.  Also head the seared Cajun trout and a Newcastle brown ale.  The prices won't break your bank account and everyone can pretty much find something they would like in a prep method they would approve.
5	Great place to have happy hour with friends Laid back too
1	food was good... waited litterally two hours for bill seriously!!!!!!!!! they were somad about separating bill they made us wait. sorry it is NOT thatcomplicated to separate checks morons!!! way to ruin a great nightFood was overpriced
2	Empty on a friday night? I should have let that be a sign.Mc & Schmick is like an old flame for me. I stopped eating there after the Landry's takeover (as you can read about in my review for the Mc & Schmick in Vegas). But, I thought of days gone by, and gave it another go. I ordered the sea scallops, and they looked sickly to say the least. Not even a hint of sear or color showed. The food obviously sat, too. My butter sauce was already solidifying on the plate when it was delivered. I took a photo as a reminder of why Mc & Schmick broke up. My dad enjoyed his meal. So, I am at least happy for that. My office is next door, but don't expect to see me there again. This old flame is finally snuffed!
2	My husband and I have had mixed feelings in the past but decided to give it another chance. We were disappointed again. We sat in the bar and ordered drinks from a very nice server. We ordered an appetizer a bruschetta with veg and shrimp that was good. We had high expectations after that. I ordered the  cashew tilapia, which used to be pecan tilapia, and it was not as tasty as the pecan, but ok. My husband ordered  the fish stew and was surprised when it arrived. The waitress told us it came with a lobster tail on the top. Well it wasn't a stew at all and contained a few small shrimp, a few clams, muscles a tiny cob of corn mostly potatoes and to top it off the lobster was thermidor all mushy and unappetizing. . For $ 28.00 into even close to a value. Because our waitress disappeared,my husband flagged down the manager. She apologized and stated that was the recipe sent by corporate! They need to rethink that dish,as it is awful. They also need to bring back pecan tilapia and forget the cashew  coating not as tasty. It has such a nice atmosphere, but I can see why it is not crowded like the other restaurants we visited prior. The manager did take it off the bill, but by then our dinner was a disappointment. We eat out often and won't go there again. Come on corporate! There are so many delicious recipes, get out the cookbook!
2	Pretty pricey and the food is just o.k. I have eaten there a few times and every time I came away thinking it wasn't worth the money. There are way better options in Pittsburgh
3	Clueless waiter...we ran out of the special 2 hours ago that you ordered 15 minutes ago. I asked why he didn't know given it was the special when he gave me my menu or took my order.
1	Don't bother! We went for lunch on a Thursday afternoon and were the only people in the restaurant. We waited a half an hour for salads, another half hour for our food and they brought half of us the wrong meal. The food was not good and it took another hour to get a manager over to the table. I will never go back!
3	We had a reservation for 8:15 on V day. Showed at 8:05, waited for than one hour for the table. I don't run a restaurant business so I don't know how things work, but I do hope they have a better control of timing. I am ok with 20 minutes or even half an hour, but an hour is just too much.I did enjoy the food and our waiter was nice. Maybe on a regular day it will be much better of an experience.
5	What a nice evening my husband and I had at M&S yesterday.  We started off having a few drinks at the bar during their happy hour. Service was good, staff was friendly.  We moved to a table for dinner and we were immediately greeted by our waitress.  She was very knowledgable about the menu and made some great recommendations.  Our appetizer (lump crab-mango-avocado) was delicious.  We both enjoyed our salads and entrees.  I couldn't come up with a complaint about the experience if I tried.
4	When I lived in Chicago McCormick & Schmick was a go to spot when you wanted to get a good meal and enjoy an upscale happy hour (that would eventually devolve into shenanigans...but I digress). When I arrived in Pittsburgh I thought that I could expect the same. Unfortunately while the quality is on par with Chicago. The experience is not there. I think its the location. It's like parking a Tesla outside of a starter home nothing wrong with either item but they really don't fit well together. Social experience aside the dining experience is great and I plan on returning.
1	Service was beyond slow.Had rsvps for 7:45 - was sat at 8:00.But did not leave until after 10 due to the SLOW arrival of our food.Actually had to go ask for hot sauce for oysters after waiting over 15 minutes. Half of the mussels weren't opened&very little broth, but several rocks! Halibut was VERY dry and over cooked. The dessert was stale. At this point after dealing with it all, we asked for the cake to be taken off the bill. The waiter said manager said no. We asked for the manager to come over. He was THE biggest ahole I've ever met. Very condescending & said cake was fine. Asked us what we wanted him to do. How about learning how to treat your customers for starters.Only independent restaurants from now on. And restrooms had no tp
1	I ordered the fish and chips. It was terrible. The waiter did not know what type of fish it was and guessed cod? Nope. Not cod. The breading was not good either.  My husband ordered the Mahi Mahi. That fish was good but the mashed potatoes were smothered and I mean smothered in some type of sauce that just ruined them. Will I be back.....NEVER. Sorry. I keep going to these upscale restaurants expecting for something spectacular. I should just stick to the popular chains.
2	I went here for my birthday dinner with some of my girlfriends and was pretty excited. It was good but I thought it was gonna be excellent! My boyfriend had the filet and lobster and it was good nothing special. I had the shrimp dish... And there was like right pieces of shrimp which left me hungry afterwards... This place is rediculously overpriced. I don't mind splurging a bit on food but the quality of the seafood just is not there.
2	I am giving a two because , as they should , they removed the dinner from my bill.I had oysters to start. They were very good .Dinner was swordfish, mashed potato and Swiss chard. The fish was dry and hard and kind of grey looking. Potato and veggie was good. The manager came at my request and offered to have another swordfish grilled. I questioned whether he thought it would be any better because I felt the quality of the first one was poor. He thought it would be better. It wasn't. Basically they tried to undercook a bad piece of fish to make it juicy.So my rating for everything is a 1 bumped up to a 2 for removing the cost of the dinner. I would have given a three if they had realized they had bad swordfish steaks and suggested a fish they knew would be of high quality .I left hungry.
3	We enjoyed an evening here for my sister in laws thirtieth birthday.  The food was fresh and really good.  I explored the extensive menu and came to the choice of almond crusted rainbow trout.  The trout was fantastic and the sides were different and exquisite.   The staff was attentive and friendly.  The knocks on this restaurant would be the portion sizes and the price.  Overall nice experience though.
2	I went here recently for a bachelorette dinner, and the night started on a high note: our party of 13 was seated quickly and we were all pleased to see "Congratulations Tiffany!" at the top of all our menus!  Unfortunately, that was about the only thing that was remarkable about this place. We started out with 4 servers - 2 seasoned employees and 2 new employees that they explained were shadowing them.  This created a little bit of confusion when ordering drinks and dinner because we weren't sure who to order from!  Our drinks came quickly: I ordered the Raspberry Mule and was underwhelmed -- too much ice in the glass. I probably only got 5-6 sips out of my drink before it was gone and transformed into a glass of water.The caravan of servers was back soon after to take our orders.  I debated between a couple of items, but ended up settling on the Seared Ahi Tuna -- seared tuna is one of my favorite dishes and I was looking forward to a nice tuna steak! Unfortunately, what I got was more like the ahi tuna appetizer at Outback.  There were about 10 very thinly sliced pieces of tuna on the plate, with a tiny (and I mean like, maybe 1/4 cup) serving of sticky sushi rice and a tiny serving of seaweed & cucumber salad.  The cost for this appetizer-worthy dish? $27.99.I was honestly appalled and disappointed that I paid so much for so little. I could go to Wholey's and get myself a couple of nice tuna steaks for the same price!  I noticed that the other dishes that our table got were a little more fairly-sized for the price, however this was the first time I've been to a restaurant and really felt ripped off.  They'd be better off moving this dish to the appetizer menu and cutting the price in half.  I don't see how they can justify the price for such a small portion.While a few others in our party ordered dessert, I decided to get a coffee. They brought it out almost immediately, but with no cream.  Remember how I said we had 4 servers earlier?  Well now, suddenly, POOF! There was no one around.  And the restaurant was about 3/4 empty at this point.  I waited probably 8 minutes before finally grabbing a server and asking for cream.  Minor detail, but I would think that a dish of cream would be standard when serving coffee.  I want to come back to this place for their happy hour, I've heard its AMAZING. But if I ever find myself back here for dinner, I'll be sure to order something a little more meal-worthy. My total bill for 1 cocktail, 1 beer, 1 coffee and 1 entree:  $50.06 (before tip)
5	I would give this place five stars. The professionalism of the staff from when I made my reservations to the end of the meal was first class. It was VERY clean and had an upscale appearance. The food was delicious but sort of on the pricey side but that's okay because it was for a special occasion. They brought my wife out desert with a candle for her birthday.  I'll definitely be going back!!
3	If it hadn't been for the fact that I was celebrating a friend's birthday I would have come here for lunch over dinner. The post both menus outside and there is a big up charge for the same food if you come for dinner.They do have WiFi but you need to get the "code" in order to use it. They do not validate parking like some other restaurants in this area.My girlfriend had the seafood trio which she enjoyed and they gave her a free dessert. They were offering a chef's special Sun-Thurs evenings for $24.99 which includes a choice of soup or salad, entree, and dessert. I opted for that one and settled for the breaded tilapia with sweet potato cous cous. and green beans. There were only flakes of sweet potato in it.The meal is served with bread and there was plenty to eat. Our waiter was busy with other tables so it took long to get refills on our beverages but other than that it was good.I learned that if you are an AARP member you can present your card and save 10% off your check. When we got our check it didn't have that discount and my whole meal was broken up in charges instead of one bundle. Took a while to get it straightened out but we managed.Again I will visit this place if I find the need to. My preference is lunch since you can get most of the same items a lot cheaper.
1	I am writing this review on behalf of my family because we had a terrible experience for thanksgiving. While the food was great the service, the logistics of our seating and table was despicable even with our early planning and reservation. My grandmother and grandfather live in Pittsburg and were looking for a good location to accommodate 30+ family members for thanksgiving dinner. We have enjoyed dinners at McCormick & Schmick's before and it seemed like a perfect choice with their thanksgiving dinner option. My grandparents went to get lunch and discuss reservations options for a group of our size months before thanksgiving (in September). Upon making the reservation they were guaranteed three large tables next to each other. We were cautioned to have our group arrive on time, so we could all be seated, but besides that they guaranteed they could accommodate us and make our holiday wonderful.As planned our large group arrived early or on time. Upon arrival we were told to gather at the bar as they readied our table. After 30 minutes (after our set reservation time passed) of waiting at the bar our group was over pouring onto tables around us, but we were finally seated. We were sat at two tables near each other and one table separated. It was as though they had not planned for our reservation or arrival at all. The table in between ours was an 80th birthday party. The group was clearly not in a rush, and I have no idea why the hostess anticipated they would be leaving quickly or on time for us. Since I have been a hostess at a large chain restaurant I know the intricacies involved with these reservations. Large parties especially special events should always be blocked for longer time and not dependent upon each other leaving. When we addressed the manager with out unhappiness in our reservation she was flippant and annoyed. She simply said, well I am sorry the other party is still not done eating. This should never have been a problem in the first place. Thanksgiving is a very important night for restaurants and we were appalled that extra time and thought was not given to the seating arrangement. The manager and hostess not only made us wait a ridiculous amount of time for our reservation but sat our party separately. The meal was good as expected, but the reservation, wait and attitude of the manager on duty put a bad taste in our mouths for the rest of the night. We will not be eating there again and I caution any other large group or special occasion to think twice before making a reservation.A side note- I am mentioning last because I do not think this is necessary but should be noted- the manager did nothing to compensate us for the aggregation that we were caused financially or in specials or sides. Our family would still have been separated on thanksgiving, but we would at least have felt the manager cared about our situation. I would like to say I was shocked there was no remedy but after our experience with the staff I am not.
1	Mediocre food with poor service.  Management cares little about customer service as was reflected by the attitude I encountered when I flagged the manager down no less than three times to get water, clean silverware and salad dressing, which my wedge was served without.I am sure that corporate management would be very troubled by the situation at this restaurant.I was visiting Pittsburgh for the week, I frequent the Columbus location, it's quite different in quality and a huge difference in service.  I would not recommend this restaurant under any circumstances.
2	The bread was great, as they get it from San Francisco, however, the food they brought out was cold, and it was average quality for a more expensive, upscale-looking restaurant.
1	It feels upscale.  You get the sense that it's "fine dining" or, at least, fresh-made food served by people who care.  Um, no.My wife and I stopped for lunch at M&S today after business on the South Side.  Relatively empty, even at 12.00n.  The server was pleasant and attentive enough. I appreciated his solid service.I ordered a caesar salad and the fish and chips.  My wife ordered a mixed green salad and the trout.  The romaine lettuce is my salad was turning brown at the edges and I found only TWO croutons, neither of which had any garlic flavor (though promised on the menu. Clearly the lettuce was days old.  My wife's salad has several rotten (not just brown but rotten) pieces of greens.  How hard (and expensive) is it to serve FRESH salads?  The fries (chips) on my plate were cold, even though they were UNDER the fish.  I had barely a tablespoon of tartar sauce for the healthy portion of fish that I was served.  The fish was good.  I also received a small (half-cup or so) of cole slaw that was one step from frozen.  Like the salads, obviously days old.  Nothing on my wife's plate, not the trout, the green beans or the pasta, was seasoned at all. Very bland and tasteless.  VERY disappointing.  And I suspect that the server knew this because when he cleared the entrees he asked "Can I get you anything else?" and NOT "How was lunch?"  Not that I'm cheap, but my wife turned back the salad without eating but a bite-full yet the waiter made no effort to take it off the bill.  VERY disappointing.  $50 for lunch.  Thank God we had a $50 gift card.  I was out only the $10 for the tip.
