5	There is no other place that sells more Asian grocery than Lee Lee. It is the best place that you can find Asian foods in Arizona. 99 Ranch at the Chinese culture center are no way to compete with this one. You can pay US$90 to get US$100 paper money. So you save $10. There are many fresh live fish, sea foods that the staff can kill and clean and even fry them for you at no extra charges. The owner moved the store twice and is going to open another store in East Gilbert soon. You can see many Asian from many countries shopping here. Thursday morning is the best time to shop there, because they usually put new fresh items on Wed night.
5	This is the best pan-Asian supermarket I've ever been to. It's a massive labyrinth of goods from Korea, Japan, Indonesia, and other countries that will overwhelm the senses in such a good way.Lee Lee is an adult Toys R' Us for us Asian food aficionados. Do check out their huge fruit and vegetable selection, a massive frozen foods aisle with yummy exotic ice creams and frozen breads, spices a go go, and more types of noodles and rice than you can shake a chopstick at.One of my favorite sections in Lee Lee is the cooking gear aisle. Here you can find Vietnamese coffee makers, ladles, pots, pans, woks, bowls, plates, and every kitchen implement imaginable. All very affordable.My secret fantasy is to rent out the attic of Lee Lee's and move in permanently. Lee Lee's rocks!
5	I love Lee Lee's! Whenever I'm in the mood for a culinary adventure, I head on over to Tempe, wander the massive isles, and end up with $100-or-so in food I can't pronounce with cooking directions I can't follow. No matter. It's all part of the Lee Lee's experience. Lee Lee's also makes a great date or family night out. It's like walking into an international bazaar....women wearing Saris, men in triangle straw hats and japanese slippers, speaking many languages. It's fun just to soak in the atmosphere.Oh, and then there's the food. On our most recent trip, we found every single ingredient needed for the authentic Chinese New Year recipes my foreign exchange son requested. Lee Lee's is also a great place to buy more tame stuff like rice and soy sauce in bulk. And frozen edemama and gyoza dumplings are cheaper than in a regular supermarket. Highly recommended!
5	I have to say that I am going to sound very redundant here, but I love Lee Lees.  In the last few years I have become a lot more interested in food and especially international food, so Lee Lees is a dream come true.  It is mostly Asian, but they also have dutch, english and many other international foods and it is all organized by region.  They have a lot of Asian teas, spices, oils, sauces, and other staple ingredients you could find one of at your supermarket, but at Lee Lees they have a huge variety.I won't repeat what other reviewers have said, but will touch on the fact that I could spend an entire day in there reading the translations into english on the back of the packaging on certain products.  I have had serious laughing fits in the aisles of Lee Lees.Another thing you cannot fail to mention about Lee Lees is CHEAP IMPORT BEER.  We stocked up here for the Super Bowl and saved so much money and came out with a huge variety.
5	I guess I'm yet another Lee Lee fan.They have just about everything you could want if it's east of the Bosphorus and then you can wander around looking for random other bottles and boxes.  I wish they were more centrally-located.  Or that I was visiting Tempe or Chandler or somewhere in that area instead of West Phoenix.  I'm guessing that a lot of Asian restaurant owners head to Lee Lee at least sometimes, and the drive is a long one.Also, be advised that while the signage is helpful, the shelf on which your desired ingredient might be found is sometimes elsewhere.  All things Thai, for example, are not on Aisle 6, or vice versa.  The stockers can sometimes help, but in my case I had a hand-written shopping list written in Thai, and it turns out the person I asked for some help was about as skilled in the Thai alphabet as I am...The Pocky selection is a good one... almost worth heading over there for that and some unusual beverages.
5	Despite the 'interesting' aroma,  Lee Lees is my favorite exotic grocery store.  They also have a very FINE selection of imported beer and sake.  I still haven't figured out how to approach the meat counter, as it's very intimidating.  The prices are great, and you'll find bizarre fruit and veges.-dave
5	Lee Lee is like Disneyland for foodie. Whenever I'm there, I discover some new interesting ingredients...not just Asian ones since they carry ingredients from all corners of the earth.My motto for Lee Lee is buy first, then look it up on the web.  Amazing way to expand your palate...though I must admit that sometime my palate doesn't stand up quite so well to my adventurous spirit.Lee Lee (particularly the live seafood and meat counter) is not for the faint-hearted nor for those pressed for time as they have their own unique way of labeling the aisles by country....so if you're looking for soy sauce, then it would be in the soy sauce aisle as well as in the Japan aisle and the Korean aisle depending on what brand you're looking for and where they're made...and some origin labeling can really make you wonder what they were smoking...for example, ketchup was in the African-Caribbeans aislesGo there when you've got a free afternoon...my latest treasure hunt at Lee Lee yielded real dulce de leche from Argentina.Good luck hunting!
4	After writing my review of the 99 Ranch market yesterday, I came across some reviews for Lee Lee's. So I stopped in to check it out on my way to work yesterday. Everything I read in the reviews about Lee Lee seems to be true. This place is huge and well stocked. I was easily able to find plenty of the items I hadn't been able to find at 99 Ranch last time I was there (like my favorite brands of chicken dumplings and shrimp crackers). There is certainly a wide variety of merchandise to choose from. I have never seen a wider selection of chopsticks in all my life. I have two minor complaints: 1. I'm pretty sure whoever was given the pricing gun got a little confused from time to time. There were two steaming pots that were identical, one was $17.99, the other $19.00. I noticed price discrepencies amongst other items as well. Also, the organization and placement of certain products was a little confusing. For example, normally I would expect to find the shrimp crackers with the shrimp chips (if you don't even know what I'm talking about, just take my word for it). However, these items were in two completely different aisles. I found jam in a different aisle than peanut butter and Nutella, which seemed odd (these are all things spread on bread...so why not group them together). It may be that these items are grouped by country of origin or something (this is how it is done at Ta Lin Market in Albuquerque), but if this is the case, it should be made a little more clear...then again, maybe I missed the signs. When you go, whether you are looking for something specific or just browsing, you need to go up and down every aisle, otherwise you may miss something.Anyway, I'll still shop at 99 Ranch because I like going to the Chinese Cultural Center, even if it is little more than a strip mall playing dress up. However, I think I will do the bulk of my Asian food shopping at Lee Lee's from now on.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. Let me number the ways in which I love this huge, cheap and less-than-normal-smelly Asian market!1. Meat is cheap. Boneless, skinless chicken breasts are 1.99 a pound. Can't beat that. Also, beef tenderloin is 5.99 a pound. Amazing! Shrimp is decently priced and I just recently purchased a crab and steamed him into seafood heaven. So fresh and so tasty. That three pounder was only $19! (Can you tell that I love this place already?)2. What don't they have? I stock up on the curry pastes and coconut creams when I make Thai, fish sauces and rice noodles when I make Vietnamese, and oyster sauce, wonton skins and everything else when I'm just plain hungry. 3. It's really busy on the weekends, so I go before 11 or during the week. They move pretty quick and I have a 10% discount card--yes, 10% off everything every trip!4. Produce is wicked cheap and fresh. I love the whole peeled garlic and the baby bok choy. The green beans are yummy and you can't beat the prices on the green and white onions.BAD NEWS: Word among the Asian community is that LeeLee was recently sold by its Cambodian owner who is opening the location in the West valley. Manila market, which is opening just three miles north, is going to be too tough of competition, especially since Manila's owner is getting his goods from California, which is going to ensure fresher, cheaper products. I love LeeLee, but I might be switching teams is the rumors are true.
5	This place is an amazing experience of sight, sound, smell and taste. It is like an international convention whenever I visit.They have products from everywhere, not just Asia, like Holland, Jamaica, Brazil, India, Central and South America. I bought some beer from Lebanon here (their beer selection rivals AJ's). The produce is fresh and really inexpensive with more choices than you can imagine. There is a deli, fresh seafood, in some cases so fresh it is still alive, beer and wine (saki and other), cooked meats, frozen foods, packaged products, cookware and utensils, and an entire aisle of every kind and flavor of ramen you can imagine, and guaranteed to be the best you will ever have.I can't say enough good things about this place. It is worth visiting for the experience if nothing else. I make the trip to shop there from central Phoenix and fight the weekend crowds, but it is well worth it!
3	Okay, perhaps I'm biased being an Asian from the Bay Area, but Lee Lee isn't all that. #1 if you are looking for a particular item i.e. bamboo shoots, you have to go through like 3 or 4 different isles to find it since they're location/country oriented. I've been to other pan-Asian markets, and have seen the layout done way better. #2 - The line during the weekends is CRAZY. If you can avoid this at all, please do yourself a favor and go during a weekday. This also makes the parking lot crazy. #3 - This may just be a seasonal thing, but I couldn't even find gai lan or bok choy the last time I went. WTF?
5	Lee Lee is more than an Oriental Supermarket... it's international.  They have aisles of things from South America, Africa, and Great Britain in addition to the expected Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Korean, Vietnamese, and things from other Asian countries.I found some Dutch things there that I had not seen outside of the Netherlands, and some things from South America that a friend from Dominican Republic would bring home with her.The place is huge, and always crowded.  In this case, crowds are good.  I am always able to get help finding things I need from other shoppers who can read the Chinese and Japanese labels.They have restaurant in the corner.   Walk behind the low wall  on the north side of the building and through the door into the seating area to find a counter that has light fare.  That's were you can find the boba drinks.  Boba rulz!
5	For the Phoenix Metro, it doesn't get much better then this! They even sell tapioca pearls for my occasional much needed bubble tea fix! Plus they sell tendon and trip for pho.. oh the delights and treasures in store for me on each visit are amazing! I get butterfly's every time I'm on my way there! Sort of like going to Disneyland for the first time.. love and good times!I love Lee Lee! Its the real deal!
2	I try to never go to this store.  I can't get past the weird smell and I hate having to go down so many aisles to find the specific item I am looking for.  I hate the way things are organized.
5	Carries great indian vegetables. Has stuff from all over the world!! Awesome place! I have been able to find Okra, Opo Squash, the biggest Papaya's you have ever seen, amazingly sweet ripe mangoes during the summer season(they come from Mexico), the most fragrant and fresh mint, peeled and fresh garlic, amazingly fresh ginger and tons of other exotic stuff such as peeled coconuts which you can pierce your straw through and drink coconut juice/water. Lee Lee's has spices and food products from India, Pakistan, Korea, Japan, Phillipines, China and other countries. There is also an extensive fish market in the back. Do NOT let them fry your fish there. It stinks if you let them do it. Just come home and do your own thing. This place is packed on weekends so I try to go during the weekdays. They automatically give you 10% off the prices at the checkout counter. No membership card needed. There is no one who can help you in the aisles so if you have a question, forget it. You better know what you are there to buy. If you ask why they have discontinued carrying a particular vegetable at the front desk, they just argue with you that they still carry it but the truth is, it hasn' t been there for like 8 time that I have gone. Other then that, the veggie choices are just awesome. Everyone should visit this place at least once. If the smell bothers you, spray on a bunch of perfume/cologne before you go. haha..
4	I love Lee Lee, but so many bad Asian drivers in one centrally located spot -- truly my peeps at their finest. I just wait until an hour - ish before closing time and everything is fairly quiet and sometimes they're putting out veggies for the next day. WOO HOO! Forget the early bird, I'm a night owl.As for the "weird smell" as one yelper described, I ignore it. Truth is, I'm used to it and I know it's the same smell of any asian market, hell even parts of Chinatown in San Francisco. I've smelled worse things while traveling the world. Lee Lee's your typical Asian market (shout out to 99 Ranch in the Bay Area!), but better organized than other markets I've been to. The aisles are clearly marked - Chinese, Indian, etc. If you can't navigate it, then how you navigate the roads here makes me wonder if you should be driving at all.Since I'm hard pressed to find inexpensive Filipino food here in the valley, I find I have to make it myself. Lee Lee's carries all the stuff that I need to try (really, it's try, but never accomplish) and replicate my mom's dishes.It's also really nostalgic for me as well when I go down the cookie/candy aisle and see things like the Strawberry Pocky sticks or the chocolate Pocky sticks...It reminds me of going to Japantown in San Jose on Sundays after church so mom could get the ingredients for her menus of the week. But what really makes Lee Lee a winner in my eyes is the desserts from Goldilocks Bakery as well as their assortment of breads.I'm a total starch slut, so seeing Pan de Sal and the Filipino desserts makes me happy. I buy a few things and then put them in the fridge so I can munch on them during the week.I also love their frozen food section as well - you can find such a variety of frozen potstickers, Indian food, sea food...it's a wonder one even thinks of going anywhere else.I like Lee Lee's a lot and their selection of fresh fruits and vegetables is one of the better places in the valley...unless you support your local farmers.Service can be rude, but I don't expect hearts, flowers and puppies in places like this. It is what it is - an Asian market.
5	it has everything you need.
4	OK high marks just go for variety, location (its near my couch potato butt) and price. The choices are mind -boggling especially for someone who likes to be adventurous in his gastronomic quests. But the smell (hoo boy!!) that's something you have to make a conscious effort to disregard in order to prevent yourself from upchucking all over their floor. Disclaimer: If you've lived in Asia( American definition of Asia) then this might be something you are used to.But smell aside, and language barrier aside (look for the english speaking young kids if you have any queries) they stock stuff from all over the world, South America,Africa, Asia (rest of the world definition). I go here whenever I have loads of time on my hands in order to pick out samples of food to try out. I'm currently on Argentina and Brazil. They aslo have a variety of fresh fish ( the smell was rather detrimental in me not buying any of their stuff) and exotic parts of a cow and pig (stuff like tripe, kidneys, hoofs, lungs etc)Don't forget to ask for their 10% off coupon at the counter. If you see a deeply engrossed shopper flitting about and putting random foods in his cart don't forget to say "Hi"
5	An Asian grocery the size of a Wal-Mart is pretty awe-inspiring all by itself, but there's really much, much more to Lee Lee than aisles of noodles and spices and lentils and rices (though they do have these as well, in spades, as well as all the requisite weird seafood and meat products that make Asian groceries so damn fun). There's so much happening at Lee Lee, I go into a daze every time I enter. Seriously, my boyfriend has to herd me around, lest I spend 45 minutes choosing frozen Indian breads. (Paratha? Naan? Batura? Roti? Garlic, onion or plain?) Or trying to justify purchasing five pounds of lamb. Or considering the merits of roast duck. Anyway, before I get sidetracked again, let's start where I always do -- the booze aisle. Lee Lee carries a wide variety of Asian beers, of course, plus some good sakes and plum wines. But there's always at least one too-good-to-be-true booze selection. Yesterday it was a half case of Widmer Hefeweizen for $6.88. I've also purchased Konig Ludwig Bavarian weissbier for $2.99 a six-pack, Carlsberg Elephant beer for $9.99 a case, Warsteiner mini-kegs for $7.99 and countless other delights at "fell off a truck somewhere" prices. If that's not enough to get you to brave Lee Lee's jacked-up parking lot and hordes of chattering families of all ethnicities (united only by an uncanny ability to get in your way), consider this: Lee Lee is also home to aisles of non-Asian delights, like Jamaican jerk sauce and Mexican spices. And of course, my favorite -- the lovingly labeled "Holland foods" section. I don't .know why it's there, but  I do know that pickled herring is fucking delicious.By the time I leave, my cart invariably looks like the shopping list for a dinner party at the United Nations.A very drunken dinner party.
4	It's the closest thing to Chinatown the valley has to offer. The smell...well, to quote an old saying, it's like dating a girl who doesn't shave her legs - it ain't pretty but it sure is real. Yep, there's lots of stuff here you can find elsewhere, but lots more you can't To me the most fun is trying to figure out what half the stuff is, since I'm not really good at reading languages that don't even make use of letters I recognize. But I've found some great confectionary stuff I've never seen before or since (that's one of the fun aspects...you never know what they're gonna have, and you may never find it agian), and what other place can you agonize over 4,763 different kinds of curry spice? The produce is hit or miss, and be careful what you pull out of the freezer section...but overall, it's the best asian grocery store between here and SF.
5	Definitely the best Oriental super market. Super selection, super price. Hard to beat!!!
4	At last I can find haw flakes, rice noodles, hoison sauce, fish sauce, those little sleeves of gelatinous fruity treats all in one place!I'm so glad I found Lee Lee!  Thanks again Yelp!This is one of those places that reminds me that despite the sprawl and near suburbia feeling everywhere I go, I am in a major metro area.  I still need to find the Greek grocery and authentic Italian Deli in these parts...
4	The Catfish tank with scores of Catfish incessantly smooching at the glass made me have an unpleasant flashback to a childhood fishing incident involving a teeming mass of Carp :-(
5	I admit that I dabble in the art of some asian cooking.  I spent some time over there and have learned of few neat dishes that are very good.  Lee Lee is the only place so far that i can find my favorite soy sauce.  go there and pick up som Silver Swan soy sauce and you will never go back to anything else.  in fact you will be disgusted with that kikoman crap that they serve in every resturant and wish you had this every time you went out to each.  They also have everything else you could imagine from the orient.  its worth the drive and the experience.  who needs a passport and a $1000 plain ticket to experience asia.  just head to Lee Lee's
5	What can I say about this place? I love it. Its straight up the road from my place. You can find everything here, not just Asian food. When I get a hankering for Bombay spice, off to Lee Lee I go. I love LOVE their meat counter. I get chills deciding which pork hocks I want. The fish fry service is nice. They have stuff I can't live without and can't find anywhere else i.e. aloe vera juice and those sinfully delicious dessert rice and of course, the makoks. The cashiers can be a lil raunchy though just smile and nod. And a little known secret? The vegetables are freshest on Fridays.
4	I used to come here for pan de sal, but since nearby Manila Bakery serves up FANTASTIC, still hot-from-the-oven rolls, I only visit Lee Lee's for Lily's peanut butter, Silver Swan soy sauce, Datu Puti coconut vinegar, cans of coconut milk, and, when I have a taste for halo-halo, some jars of sweet white beans, mung beans, and jackfruit/langka.  I also like the Philippine mangos and purple yams I find in the produce section.  $0.70 cents for 5 or 6 heads of garlic is pretty sweet, too!Durian shakes, pho, and a few stir-fried items at the restaurant nearby, now called Pho 68, were, as I recall, delicious, but it has been at least a year since I frequented the place.  Lately, I've been dining at Pho Van, which is next-door to Manila Bakery.One complaint, and a major one... why must all Asian supermarkets have that certain smell?  Could it be the storing of rice?  I don't know, but I've yet to walk into one that didn't reek of it.
4	I love Lee-Lees: now that I'vee been there enough times that I can actually find things.I agree with some previous posters that it's really hard to find some items (like peanuts) due to their "aisle-by-country" organizational system.Hence, one star knocked off.Oh, and the fact that their baggers use enough plastic bags to fill a small landfill every day (Thanks, but I don't need a separate plastic bag just for my yogurt).Other than that, though, this place is just amazing. You can find practically anything IN THE WORLD here. And now that I've taken to trying to *surpise* my husband (lucky him, ha ha) by finding all these random recipes from his part of India, and then trying to make them, I've really started to appreciate their selection even more.Also, the produce is dirt cheap. Lemons are 20 cents - are you kidding? They're at least 60-90 cents everywhere else. You know how you have to pay like 3 dollars for a little container of fresh mint at Safeway? Well at Lee-Lee's, you can get a whole huge bunch for less than a dollar. Mojito Away!Among the other great things I've found there: pre-fried tofu, Malaysian frozen parathas, fresh lotus roots, three kinds of eggplant, Guarana soda, anything tamarind, frozen grated coconut, Quilmes beer, any Indian spice imaginable, masaman curry mix, coconut juice, mung bean sprouts, paneer, frozen dhokla, pupusas... and the list goes on.
4	I would give 5 stars, but the unique "scents" lower it a bit.  We got a TON of stuff...wife went nuts in the spice isles.  She loves going there!  They have MANY other kinds of food (other than Asian).
4	For a white girl, I frequent Lee Lee's often. But thankfully I see folks of all flavors there and I just love it. I like the meat and seafood counter, and the one less star Lee Lee gets is for forcing me to buy a package of beef tenderloin instead of being able to pick up the one or two that I need for making pho tai. But the prices are great, so I make the pho and have steak the next day. The produce section is great. Eggplants of all shapes and size! Lots of fresh herbs at great prices. All the cabbages you can stuff in your cart and haul home. I spend a little more time in this section for two reasons. First, sometimes the jalapenos are a little soft or herbs a little wilted so taking a few extra seconds to choose the best of the bunch. Plus, it seems like all the other patrons there touch every single item in every bin they shop from. I mean really, what's up with that? I can sit there patiently waiting for minutes while some lady picks up and puts down 487 bunches of sweet basil. Is that really necessary? And are these folks completely without spatial awareness and don't see me sitting there begging with my eyes for them to hurry so I can choose the best of three bunches and hit the road? Scoot your ass over lady and let me join the fun. But nooooo lest I get the prized collection of basil so good she'll only see that bunch once this lifetime, so I just wait my turn The produce section is agonizing for me. I like the organization of the store for the most part, as it makes it easy for me to find the related foods. My Swedish ethnicity makes these aisles not only fun, but educational. Spice aisle is your friend. Pick up some Star Anise in a bag big enough to last a lifetime for cheap. Take that McCormick spice jars! See if I ever buy anything from you again. I always spend a little time picking out some sweet treats in the candy section. Personal favorite Men's Pocky. Not sure why the dark chocolate is for men. Are the the milk chocolate ones for women? Why, because women can actually lactate? Anyway, questions I ask that will never find an answer don't stop me from trying lots of fun snacks from this section. The Hello Kitty shaped biscuits injected with something that had the texture of chocolate but was in fact strawberry flavored were probably filled with trans fats but tasty. Anyway, you don't care about all that. If you are lucky enough to find fresh hot samosas at the hot food counter buy every single one of them. They're so great! Spicy, flaky goodness people. I agree with a previous reviewer that they clearly don't see the possible waste and damage plastic bags cause the environment, so be mindful of that. I put my stuff on the belt in order that I want them to bag it so they use less of them, but I really should remember to bring in my own bags next time. Don't be afraid of the smell. Just because it's not familiar, doesn't make it bad! It's exotic. Breathe deep and know that with that smell comes the best selection of items that used to be really hard to find at great prices. Oh and the beer is often really cheap. So look out for great prices on beer that's much more expensive in groceries and other specialty stores. Yeah Beer! Oh, I mean, Yeah Lee Lee!!
4	Great prices on beer and sake, the restaurant is wonderful, the only drawback is the parking lot, the drivers are insane but I suppose that Lee Lee can't help that.
1	Had noodle soup in the restaurant section.  The soup was OK but it was hard getting past the stagnant aquarium smell wafting in from the grocery area.  Interesting place but I probably won't be going back to eat here.
4	Thank God there's a good Asian market in Chandler! It doesn't have everything I'd like, but it's more than good enough. And they finally are able to import one of my favorite fruits, the mangosteen! Not only that, but it's not as smelly as some of the Asian markets I've been to. Gotta deal w/ it though if you're gonna go to a market that has a huge selection of fresh seafood out.
4	Reviews of my adventure in Texas were queuing up for a spare moment.  And before a moment can be spared, I am now hanging in Scottsdale, AZ.  Sadly, I didn't not have a chance to say farewell to such friendly Texan yelpers... with one awesome Elite in mind: Melody L! Thanks for everything Mel!!And now for the review.  This market is fantastic!  The smell?  It wouldn't be an Asian market without it.  It's a relatively clean market and so well organized -- in sections of nationalities for the most part.  You can almost find everything ethnic here and then some.  My first, and only visit thus far, took me about 2+hrs.  I browsed, studied, absorbed and of course, PURCHASED.  I got my Asian necessities, plus packets of goodies to make hush pups, fried catfish, collard greens and the such -- to show you their range of merchandise. (and yes, I miss Big D!)  I haven't discovered an "Asian community" and there might not be an accommodating one here.  I asked a Vietnamese cashier for recommendations, but I got the feeling she was trying to tell me not to bother.  With this market, I might have to commune in the comfort of my own home.  Asian cooking anyone?
4	Totally cool.  This is probably the biggest Asian market in AZ.  Since it is a  Chinese market, I expected the typical things only BUT I was wrong.  They have Japanese, Korean, Indian, Filipino, etc etc etc.  On top of that they have amazing selections of fresh vegetables and fruits.....and FISH!*Fish = this is the only place I know so far that sells fresh fish*Meat = fresh*Vegetables + Fruits = totally fresh, many many selections*Dried foods = amazing selections*Service = fast
5	Love Lee Lee! I get ALL of my seafood there beef is good too. The prices are great and the selection cannot be beat. Walking through the produce department is like traveling to an eastern country. I always find something new to buy and try.
5	Okay people! The mangoes are officially here! They sell like hotcakes so you better get there NOW! I bought a truckload last weekend and we have already finished eating all of them.Last time I went, they did not have Red Snapper fish, but was able to get a Yellow Tailed Snapper and it turned out just as good.
4	a trip to Lee Lee is like taking a culinary tour of Asia, India, the Phillipines, and a lot of other places in the world you might never otherwise get a chance to visit.  It gets very crowded on the weekends and it can be a little overwhelming.  For your first visit, I would recommend going during the week.  The fish is fresher than just about anywhere else in the Valley and it's very cheap!  so far we have bought a Red Snapper, Striped Bass, Trout, and Tilapia and it has all been good.  (smoked striped Bass is incredible, btw. )   they have whole smoked/roasted ducks hanging up and bakery goods and samosas for sale also.   the produce is varied and very good.  there are so many products to see and dozens of different kinds of dried noodles. amazing place for foodies or just the culinarily curious..
4	The best place to get those hard to find Asian items along with standard staples.  Big selection and good (sometimes unbelievable) prices.   It can be a bit hard to find things and don't expect for help in english.
4	This market is pretty incredible... not only do they carry a large variety of asian food and kitchen products, but they also have a variety of products from other countries (such as India, Nicaragua, West African, etc.)  Their produce is typically pretty fresh and cheap and they have an extensive variety of meats and fish.  My only complaint is that they do not carry a great deal of seafood.  They have some clams and some tired looking baby octopus, but no mussels, fresh calamari, etc.  I noticed that they also have a great selection of imported beers (some I had never even seen before).  My bf's kind of a beer conoisseur so I'm always scoping out new products to surprise him with.  Lee Lee's is a great one-stop shop for ALL your ethnic food needs.  Feel like Thai cuisine tonight? got it.  Mexican? got it.  Cambodian? got it.  Some crazy looking fish? definitely got it.
3	Alright, so I had to drop a star from my previous review of Lee Lee after going to Mekong Plaza for the first time today.  If you like Lee Lee, you definitely have to give Mekong Plaza a try.  Mekong is about 10min away from Lee Lee so it is totally worth the drive.  It's not even comparable how nice Mekong is to Lee Lee.....believe me, just go in and see it yourself :)    Mekong Plaza:*Store = new and clean*Groceries = FRESH, variety*Prices = great*Service = nice (they fry/filet your fish for you)Lee Lee*Store = old, a little on the ghetto side*Groceries = mostly frozen, variety*Price = great*Service = good
5	For somebody who likes to try "weird" things, this is the perfect place. I even found white big corn (from Peru)!!! I would buy more of their fresh vegetables, but I have to write down the names and find out some recipes. I take people who is visiting me to have a walk here and they always end up buying something they just want to try. Their sea food selection (fresh) is amazing (same as the smell). Aside from Food City and sometimes Sprouts, this is the place to find Papayas.
5	This is an excellent store and a great addition to the Phoenix area. It is rather big, roughly the size a larger grocery store. The parking lot is a bit on the scary side and the store is often crowded, but the latter should be a good indication of what to expect inside.Lee Lee has a nice produce section, full of staple fruits, vegetables, tubers and so forth like carrots, apples and potatoes, but it also has a wide array of specialty foods like Indian eggplant, bok choy, lemon grass and dare you try it, durian. As a vegetarian I can't fairly describe the seafood and butcher section, but I can it's large and inclusive, from catfish to pig uterus. Beyond that there are aisles dedicated to Korea, Japan, Thailand, the Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Brazil/Caribbean, India, the Middle East, ramen noodles, dried noodles, imported liquor, hefty bags of rice and more. Lee Lee can be a fun place, but it's largely practical. I find that I can get about two weeks' worth of groceries on one trip. However, I always have to go to my local grocer to get some odds and ends Lee Lee doesn't carry, like bagels, cheese and a few other minor things. Other than that I come out with a large amount of groceries for a reasonable price. Don't let the cultural barrier dissuade you. It's a great place to get nori maki arare, Japanese candies, Thai chilies, chicory coffee, tahini, instant Indian meals, crates of ramen, frozen samosas, chutneys, wasabi, incense, and much, much more, right down to bizarre eats: sake in juice boxes, cheese and corn ice cream, grass jelly, silkworm pupae, canned crickets and unnameable horrors from all corners of the globe.With that in mind, remember the HSBC marketing campaign of cultural perspectives: delicious in one, disgusting in the other, etc. Give it a shot, try something new while also finding old favorites.
4	I go to this store when i need to stock up on my Asian cooking essentials. This store is huge and has food items from around the world, it's an international supermarket. Every aisle is labeled with the country that the food items originate from. I was like a little kid on a field trip during my first visit and just gawked at all the unique items in every aisle. The produce sections rocks. They have just about every kind of fruit and vegetable that exists and at very cheap prices and the quality is always fresh and good. They also have a very good seafood selection.
4	Walking in, there was an overwhelming aroma I haven't smelt since I lived in the Bay Area. It sure smelt like home. 30+ aisles of food from around the world along with the freshest and most complete produce selection you can find. The seafood looked very fresh as a lot of it was still swimming around in the tanks. I found my rice noodles with ease along with some frozen lumpia and a lot of veggies. The down side here is most of the staff didn't speak English, so help was a little hard to find, and the parking lot was a death trap waiting to claim it's next victim. I love this place, epically the produce, so give it a try if your into Asian cuisine. You won't be disappointed.
5	Don't get me wrong, I looooove Sunflower.  Love it.  I always felt it was missing something.  I couldn't put my finger on it.  Was it the lack of meat and seafood?  Yes it was.Lee Lee's is everything I have been looking for in a supermarket.  A produce, meat and seafood section that goes beyond my wildest dreams.  I could have spent a few hours in the store but I was on a time schedule.  You know how the back of a market usually covers liquor, meat, seafood and dairy?  Not this place.  It covers meat and seafood and that's it.  it's huge!  They had live tanks with cheap lobster, talipa, catfish, crabs and some fish I have never seen.  Then there is a fish station with every fish I've ever heard of and maybe 20 others.  They'll chop it up for you or fry it free of charge.  The meat section has any cut of meat you could imagine.  Bellies, feet and legs included.  I didn't even know you could buy pork blood by the pound.The produce is out of this world.  Veggies I have never seen.  Peaches the size of my head.... and every kind of choy you can think of.  Best part, all of it was the same price of Sunflower, if not cheaper.  The aisles are incredible as well.  A whole aisle dedicated to noodles!!  An African aisle!?!!?   Two Korean aisles.  I couldn't believe what I was seeing.  They also had a wonderful imported beer lane but I don't think it compares to the prices at Topps liquor.  I was so overwhelmed on what to buy so I kept it to a minimum.  I bought the produce I normally buy and I saved a good amount of money.  I bought a fish I've never heard of and now I have to figure out how to cook it.  I saved a lot of money buying it.  4 pounds for $7.  Without a doubt, next time I go I am going to have some recipes in mind.  I am so glad my wife likes trying new things because we're going to be having Thai, Korean, African, Chinese food for quite some time.
3	This place is not your average grocery store,You can find a lot of Asian or exotic food .The reason I gave only 3 stars are one, there is NO customer service available.two, they accept returns only in 24hours after you shop.three, everyone who works there are NOT nice at all.Do not expect them to say "how can I help you or Hi, thank you "It is sad Lee lee is a such a big store and should have better services than that.
2	What is going on here?!?! The last few times I have gone into Lee Lee they don't have what I want. They never have clams anymore and they didn't have the shrimp I wanted or the live Dungeness crabs. Every time I come in here I always have to go to Mekong to get what I really want. So from now on I'm just going straight to Mekong. Get it together Lee Lee!
4	I love Lee Lees - I can spend hours wandering around the aisles just looking at all the interesting things they have.Think of a type of food, you can find it here - from Chinese and Korean specialties to Halaal and Indian.  I love to cook international dishes, and this is the easiest and cheapest place to find what I need.They also have great deals on spices and non-food products.The only reason they don't get 5 stars from me is the smell.  The store has a very strong odor - partially due to the fish department, and partially due to the huge variety of items they have.  If you can get past that and have an adventurous palate, you will love Lee Lees.
5	You can't go wrong with this grocery store. The price is right and they get so much business so the food is fresh all the time.I like that the aisles are organized by country; Korean, Japanese, Middle Eastern.The boss man, Ming, is very friendly and helpful all the time.My family's favorite, for sure!
4	I love how big the seafood section is!! And its very fresh! They always have what I am looking for in making asian meals. Their prices are fair and the lines are speedy! Lee Lee's needs another location! Closer to me in the tempe/scottsdale area. :D
5	I have been shopping at Lee Lee's for over ten years.  The store stocks Chinese, Malaysian, Korean, Japanese, West Indian and other foods.  You can usually find what you are looking for here.  The fish selection is vast, fresh and reasonably priced.  They have the finest selection of noodles and yerba mate tea!!!Enjoy
5	This market makes me wish I lived in Chandler.  Now that I know about it, I am going to have to start making weekly shopping trips all the way from N. Sucksdale.  Solid meat and seafood offerings.  Dry and frozen ingredients that make me want to get into the kitchen ASAFP.  Tons of sauces and spices.  Good prices.I've heard that the Peoria location has more and better produce available, but what was available at the Chandler store seemed totally good to me.PLEASE NOTE:  In the event that there is anyone looking for legit Caribbean/West Indian items, this place is holding.  Walkerswood, Matouk's, Pickapeppa and Grace, among others.  Right on, Lee Lee...right on.
5	Awesome selection of goodies from all over the whole vide yerld! I found things here that I searched for vainly in traditional supermarkets, but to no avail.Here's the stuff I walked away with that has enriched my home cooking:Thai - Red Curry Paste, palm sugar, tamarind pasteJapanese - Abalone-flavored udon, soba noodlesIndian - Tahini, frozen paratha flatbreadsI'm intrigued by the Caribbean section, as I want to explore all of the nuances of jerk seasoning. I still recall jerk chicken I had in Jamaica and cannot duplicate it with the one-dimensional McCormick spice blend that I bought at Safeway.And although I am tempted by the many foods we Americans shun (I think I spotted either pig urethras or cervixes), I will contain my impulse shopping and stick to the menu. O.K... just one bag of shredded dried cuttlefish. Yum-O!
4	You just gotta love Lee Lee's. Are you a fan of the 'ethnic' aisle in your local grocery store? If you are... even a little bit, then you should run to Lee Lee's right now; you'll have a blast. Lee Lee's is basically a giant ethnic supermarket... except unlike many of the smaller ones scattered randomly around town, it's clean and well managed. Aisles and aisles of stuff you've most likely never seen before await you. As far as size goes, it's about as big as your average Fry's or Safeway and includes a restaurant, a mini gift store, and pretty much every department you'd come to expect in a normal grocery store. It's kind of fun walking in, on occasion I've felt like I was one of the only English speaking people in the place... which is kind of nice; helps me feel like I'm not in Arizona for a split second. My favorite thing to do here is simply 'browse'. I usually end up buying just a handful of stuff, but I could spend hours simply going up and down each aisle and picking up random stuff to look at. It really is fun to see so many imported and unusual items... for example last time I went I ended up leaving with a bag full of imported Chinese candy, some weird noodles that I'd never heard of before, and some odd imported fruit. I ended up discovering a couple gems in my random selections. The only possible downside for some people is the fish smell... they have a giant fish and meat section here; so by default the store occasionally has just a little bit of a fishy smell in some areas... despite this it's always clean and well kept, so this is a minor gripe and comes with the territory for having such an extensive fish market. Most people should love this place though... unless you're the type of person who doesn't like to experiment at all with food, then I wholeheartedly recommend a trip to Lee Lee's. You'll more than likely find some stuff that piques your interest, or at the very least you'll have a good time browsing through things you won't see at any other store in AZ.
5	Great supermarket...has most foods that you need from around the world at really good prices
5	Besides all the typical reasons that I can find all the Asian goodies and fresh seafood, it's really an INTERNATIONAL market.  I travel out of country every year, so I make a point to hit the aisles beforehand so I know what I don't have to bring back... Being a crazy food collector, I need to save some baggage space for non-perishable souvenirs.  I'm seriously tempted to take digital pictures of the food aisle representing the country I go to next... we brought back a few brands of yerba mate from Buenos Aires... taking away precious space from their version of dulce de leche... Lee Lee's had every brand of that funky drink at home!
5	Though I'm used to different ethnicities and backgrounds of culinary delight. I love going to Lee Lee and browsing the aisles. Not my prime supermarket, but I love the place.
4	Lee Lee's is ridiculously awesome. After my study abroad trip to China, I have this hankering for asian snacks that I cannot get anywhere else in the valley. Be it hi-chews, toppos, lotte chocolates, I'm in heaven when I go down their candy aisle. Lee Lee's isn't restricted to Oriental cuisine either. The store is split by culinary locations. One aisle contains Latin American cuisine, the other Indian, another Japanese, etc... When you first walk in, you feel like you walked in to a market somewhere in Asia. As you browse the aisles, you could feel the same was for a market in Brazil, India, or the Middle East. Here are recommendations for food to try from Lee Lee's. *Nestle Prestegio: These are chocolate wafers filled with coconut, and they are sold in Brazil. http://www.brazamerica.com/images/products/thumb/prestigiowafer.jpg*Pucca Chocolate: These are japanese chocolates. Imagine a pretzel goldfish, filled with milk chocolate... that's a Puccahttp://4.bp.blogspot.com/_idzsaV6c7aM/SAa919cMLfI/AAAAAAAABcU/HjxO-9X5WuU/s400/pucca+front.jpg*Lotte Ghana Chocolate: This is another great chocolate choicehttp://s2.thisnext.com/media/230x230/LOTTE-GHANA-CHOCOLATE_0F6AC24B.jpg
4	You simply have got to love Lee Lee's.  Let me sum it up for you.  You walk out of Lee Lee's with a cart full of grub....  You spend maybe $40.  You walk out of Whole Foods with a cart full of grub....  You spend upwards of $200.  I love Whole Foods and I shop there, but now I cry when I leave there thinking of how much money I could have saved at Lee Lee.
3	I completely lost in the aisles. Where are the stuffs I need. Really confusing. And the vege place is annoy. All names are wrong or missing. I know economy is bad, saving is good, but saving on name tag? They should add more name tag.
4	Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket is an adventure in itself!  If you are looking for a specific item, you will find it here!  If you aren't looking for anything specific, you'll find it here!  Fresh Quail and Duck eggs, squid, live fish, fruits and vegetables that are exciting and fresh, tofu noodles, mixes, sauces and so much more!!Our kids love the fish market, yes you can smell it is a fish market as soon as you walk in the door!  The staff is great too, one of the fish mongers even surprised our kids by giving life to a mackerel.  Giving new meaning to the term "Holy Mackerel!"  I'm not sure who jumped higher, the kids or the fish monger from the shrieks from our kids!After about and hour of just perusing the aisles, we decided to shop.  We filled our basket with delectable adventurous, for us, items and headed out.Make sure you have some time to spare before going shopping at Lee Lee's, you sure don't want to miss a great item for being in a rush!
5	I love this place! I was so excited to find a market that had an entire aisle dedicated to Japanese groceries.  It is so much easier to find what you need, and the prices are decent.  When I started expanding my cooking repertoire, I realized that Lee Lee was the place to go. Lumpia wrappers? Indian Spices? Poblano Chiles? Plantains? Fish Sauce? No matter what cuisine I am playing with, be it Japanese, Filipino, Indian, Mexican, Thai, Vietnamese or Caribbean, I can find what I need at Lee Lee's.  This place is AWESOME!!I forgot to mention that they deduct 10% off at the register on every purchase.  Sweet!
5	When I first came to PHX, I was brought to the Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center and was told it was the largest asian market in the area.... and I wanted to cry! So, when I moved to Chandler and found Lee Lees, my grocery shopping world was turned right side up again. Lee Lees has EVERYTHING, no seriously... everything! Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, Vietnamese, Korean, Indian, Middle Eastern, Hawaiian... well you catch my drift!Everything is nicely priced and on top of that they give you an additional "VIP"  10% off at checkout!
5	The wonderful thing about this particular oriental store is the fact that their fish is definitely fresher than what you'd find at any friendly neighborhood grocery store.  They most definitely have a bigger selection of fish for all of you fish afficionados.  Their meats also seem fresher.  Although language is a barrier at times, as I can only assume the language spoken by most employees is Chinese, you can get by with gestures when needed.  Overall, this is a great place to shop, especially if you're like me and occasionally crave a little taste of home.
5	This is my "go-to" place for groceries when I actually want to cook something.Chain supermarkets have such a limited variety of produce and ingredients.  If you're tired of paying for overpriced, pesticide-laden, wax covered fruit, then LeeLee's is the place for you.  Try to go to any of the other chain supermarkets and find chicken wings that aren't frozen.  Try to go to a chain supermarket and try to find soupbones.  It's a rarity.  It's nice to go to a supermarket that has a huge variety of fresh fish.  Hell, they even have live fish that you can choose from.  At best, your local chain supermarket has 3 to 4 different kinds of fresh fish available.Coming here and looking at all the different type of ingredients you can use to widen your culinary scope will make you realize how limited your local chain supermarket really is.  LeeLee's really makes those supermarkets seem not so "super".No other supermarket has products and produce as versatile as LeeLee's.
5	Lee Lee's is awesome! I didn't know I could find Goya products in the same place where I could buy everything I need to make my own sushi (not that I make my own sushi, but if I WANTED to...you catch my drift). This huge supermarket is stocked with everything you can imagine. Exotic spices, meats, fish, noodles, veggies you can't find anyplace else, etc. I found bacalao here, something I was missing so much from the East Coast. As far as fish, there is yellowtail, seabass, catfish- you name it, they have it. I advise to not go on a weekend as it gets really crowded. An early mid-week afternoon is perfect if you want to calmly browse each magical aisle. Their fruits and vegetables are massive in size. Their frozen section is packed with international goodies. It's basically a culinary dream. For those that love to cook, you need to shop at Lee Lee's. Ask for the Lee Lee's 10% discount at the register.
5	They have EVERYTHING
4	Only place in town where I can find Brazilian food!
4	So I'm Korean and I am from Atlanta where in NE Atlanta there is an Asian invasion of Koreans. To put the review in context, I've been to the best Korean grocery stores / Asian markets out there not only in Atlanta but also DC, Seattle areas as well. LOCATION: In a shopping center with Magic Noodle, Gelato shop, Bubble tea shop, Barber shop, etc. ATMOSPHERE: Bustling on the weekends. People lined up to have their meats cut up. Clean enough. Ailes are categorized by region of the world. There's section for kitchen appliances and gifts as well.  This is not as big or as good of a selection as H-mart but it will do for Arizona. I can get my Asian fix. FOOD: Lots of different exotic foods like in the produce section persian cucumbers, lychee, bitter melon, green papaya, banana flower, taro root, purple yams, japanese yams. I haven't found the skinny eggplant (Chinese eggplant) anywhere else. They also have the miniature eggplant (Indian eggplant). Recent finds for me are sugar free aloe drink - yay! Finally an Asian diet drink. They have the Korean popcorn that I really like. Not too sweet.Kimchee section is small with a few banchan (Korean side dishes you eat with rice), which included dried radish, dried anchovies, etc. They have radish kimchee, cabbage kimchee traditionally prepared and the white kimchee.  I just purchased some kimchee but haven't tasted it yet. From the frozen section, I've tried the mochi ice cream in taro flavor which just taste like sweet cream ice cream without much unique flavor. The date buns are pretty good though. PRICES: Fairly priced to dirt cheap. The fresh herbs are super cheap like the basil (what looks like to bunches is $1.50). The discount of 10% makes it even sweeter. Just ask for it at the register upon check out - that's it. PARKING: Shopping center parking lot with plenty of space. CONCLUSION: Although this is not as big as the other Asian market I've been to and I wish the selection was much better, Lee Lee's is pretty good and suffices. Will be back again and again!
5	Hands down... I love this place. They  have everything! Lots and lots of variety from imported goodness to the freshest produce. A chef's dream? yes, I believe so. I can always find what I need here.
4	Lee Lee's is a big and nice Asian grocery store in N. Chandler.  It offers fresh meats, seafoods, fruits and veggies (some imported, some domestic) and a variety of packaged Asian food: Vietnamese, Indian, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, etc.  While it's not quite as nice and clean as the Chinese Cultural Center market, it's definitely well-stocked and easy to get to.  The only thing I wish they had is a better prepared food counter and cleaner bathrooms.  I do like that they give a %10 customer discount at the register. :)See ya there!
4	Best prices on Sriracha sauce! I love to go and look at the live seafood :)
4	Almost become my first choice of shopping as it have a lots of Asian food. I really enjoy the complex cultures and the variety but it's really hard to look for a specific items cause sometimes they don't carry it anymore. But I still gonna come by here everytime I do my monthly shopping cause this place is near my house. Stat!
5	Armed with a new cookbook from Cali's wine country, I'm excited to find duck legs and several lamb cuts (ground, shoulder, leg, etc)... This store is just AWESOME for the variety they offer...
5	I recently went to Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket to pick up some Japanese food items.  To me, there are great similarities between Lee Lee's and the Ranch 99 chain stores found in California.  The main difference between these two stores is that they are located in different states.  For people living in Phoenix, Lee Lee's provides a variety of quality products that cannot be found anywhere else.  Lee Lee's is clean, well-stocked and organized, and all employees are helpful and attentive.  Perhaps the only negative drawback is that it can get very crowded on the weekends.While folks living on the west coast are spoiled with a great variety of specialty grocery stores and ethnic enclaves offering reminders of "home", people living in Phoenix are resigned to seek out the comforts of their background in whatever way they can.  Lee Lee's Oriental Supermarket conveniently provides products from a variety of countries such as Korea, Japan, Thailand, Holland, Brazil, Africa and Argentina.  Lee Lee's offers a wide variety of selections.  There is even an aisle dedicated to Goya products.  The store is easily accessible, as items are organized by country.  For example, if you are looking for Korean roasted seaweed, you can simply find the Korean aisle and you will most likely find it there.  All items are well-stocked, and maintained carefully.  You won't find dented cans or cluttered shelves, as everything is neatly organized and easily accessible.When I went there I was looking for a particular type of mayonnaise.  The kewpie mayonnaise was there; however, they only had the one-gallon size (they were in fact out of the 17.64 oz. container).  I certainly did not need such a large container of mayonnaise and I spoke with an employee there who ended up spending 15 minutes searching for the right product.  It turns out that Lee Lees did not have this particular item in stock; however, that the employee went to such great lengths to assist me was impressive and considerate of him.  Perhaps the only negative drawback of this store is that it tends to get very crowded on the weekends.  Most likely, this phenomenon is due to the fact that there are only two Lee Lee's locations in the Phoenix area and they are strategically located on opposite sides of the valley; families living in the middle must commute from the center of the city to the outside in order to stock up on supplies.  Most likely, these people are not able to make such a great trip after work and must wait until the weekend to go shopping.  It is extremely crowded on the weekends; in fact, navigating a cart around the produce aisle is an exercise in caution. All in all, I would recommend this grocery store to adventurous cooks who need ingredients that cannot be found in regular grocery stores.
4	Lee Lee's.... the fresh fish, shellfish, poultry, pork and the prepared foods are reminiscent of my Hawai'ian home. Wish they had more local kine stuff like laulau, poi and lomi salmon but at least had Aloha brand shoyu and sauces! Nice selection of Hawaiian Sun frozen juice concentrate but not too much canned drinks. Lots of Indian, Middle Eastern, Vietnamese, Korean, Chinese foods, spices and condiments. Too bad the Chinese "charcuterie" roasting duckling, pork and chicken was closed on my visit. But the fishy, stinky smells coming from the seafood tanks and poultry/meat counters are the best! I'm home again.
4	Wow!  This place is as close as I have found in AZ to my favorite International Marketplace, Talin Market, in Albuquerque.  While having a heavy Asian influence it also has aisles dedicated to Latin, Indian, Persian, Euro, Caribbean and some American favorites.  I was able to find items that I have not been able to find elsewhere in the valley or items that I have, in the recent past, had to go to 3-4 different ethnic markets to find.  Their meats and fish selections are varied and appear fresh, as do their vegetables and fruits.   It may be a bit out of the way for me to shop at "regularly"/weekly.  But I can see this being my one stop shop and go to place for those specialty items.
5	They have some of the oddest things but if you're anything like me the authenticity of the products keeps me coming back. The seafood is some of the best and freshest around.
5	It has everything!
5	I don't think there is much you can't find at Lee Lee. Pho in a can? check. Single serving of Sake? check. Jarred Kim Chi? check.Not only does Lee Lee have everything, but it's inexpensive too. This place makes the market at Chinatown look like amateur hour.
4	This place is insane there is so much stuff in this store. I couldnt belive the selcetion they have from all over the world. Their liquor section is huge. They also have this huge tank with live fish in it.
2	Went there a week ago for the express purpose of finding Unripened bananas (green) and unripened plantains.  My visit achieved its purpose because I did find both items.  green bananas cannot be found anywhere  in the valley.  I was told by someone that Lee Lee's had them and they were right.  FYI:  Green bananas can be boiled with salt water and are better for you than potatoes AND they can also be grated to make a mash that can be used to make Puertorican "Pasteles".  Long story, long recipe. I was also able to find banana leaves which can be used to poach fish.  What was disappointing were the high prices on produce and the stuff did not appear to be that fresh.  Sprouts Market has cheaper prices on produce.  I think anybody does. I will admit that you can find anything asian you want --- even cow uterus (Now don't be judgmental!) You can also find items from many countries as well.  However, you will pay the price for it.  So from a price point of view, Lee Lee's does not give you a bargain.  What Lee Lee's will do is get you anything asian/foreign you need for a recipe.  So for many of you it might be worth it.  I don't think I will be returning unless I need the green bananas again for Pasteles.
4	One of my favorite destinations for everything imagainable.  More variety of dried goods and fresh products than the other markets.  Conveniently located next to dimsum at Phoenix palace and Vietnamese Restaurants.  Lees sandwiches is also across the street.  They even have an Asian jeweler located inside.  Great place to find rice cookers and small Asian styled plates (way cheaper than Cost Plus by the way).  Huge liquor section for beer and sake.  Fresh fish, Fresh fish, Fresh fish.
5	I love Lee Lee's, where else can I buy accessories for my hair and buy a Durian all at the same time? It is pretty much a agglomeration of foods from different cultures and regions from around the world. They have fresh fish in the back near the meat section, and by fresh I mean still swimming in tanks fresh. There is also a station where you can purchase a whole or half Peking duck for dinner.I love the alcohol and freezer section where you can find red bean buns and dumplings. If you arrive earlier in the day, there is a jewelry shop that sells beautiful jade and gold inside the store. You can also find collectibles and rent Asian movies off to the right side of the market when you enter the store. (sorry there is nothing in English) Big beautiful bags of pearl rice is at the front of the store for all of your rice stocking up needs. There is also a remedy and herbal section near the front left of the store with a wide selection. Beyond that there is a delicious restaurant Saigon Pho that you can enter through the store.
4	Vast selection of Asian goods separated by country.  They offer frozen, fresh, prepackaged foods, and have tanks of freshwater fish, and several bakery items.  You can also find more American type foods, like Poore Bros potato chips, soda, for those that want some typical groceries in addition to Asian groceries.
5	BEST PLACE EVER! I love coming here, love the selection and low prices.
4	This place really has EVERYTHING! I love browsing through all of the isles at all the different foods and buying new things. I also love to buy my sushi making supplies here. Why woudl I spend $10 for a bag of sushi rice when i can get is for $3 at Lee Lee;s? The only reason I did not give 5 stars is their lack of sushi grade fish, and the putrid fish smell (a sign of not so fresh fish). But if you can push past the smell this is well worth the stop!
5	This was my first visit to Lee Lee's Asian Supermarket.  I was down from Sedona and thought it would be worth stocking up on some Asian products.  This is really a world market, as almost every continent is represented.  And there is an entire aisle for just soy sauce and chili sauce.  Just incredible!  Nice selection and prices compared to what is available in a standard market.
5	I am driving back here all the way from Flagstaff this weekend! This place is great!My girlfriend and I went last week and we went nuts! This was the most fun we had all weekend. There were so many things that reminded us of home and we just wanted to buy everything. Like all great Asian Supermarkets, everything was really cheap. The quality of the produce was great. So much fresher than the safeway in Flagstaff!There was so many things that I love and the selection was awesome!
5	This place is awesome. There's plenty of parking and I park my car far enough away to avoid all the bad drivers, after all, this is primarily an Asian Superstore. But there's also a melting pot of all types of shapes, sizes and nationalities shopping for a taste called home of their native foods. They have their aisles clearly marked by nationality whether it be from Japan, Argentina, Brazil, Africa, Philippines, Vietnam, etc.I've been here a few times and the best time to avoid the frenzied crowd is late afternoons or evening (especially on the weekend). You don't want to go toe to toe with one of those mama-sans that's on a mission. Lee Lee sells just about anything you can imagine. My wife even bought an ice shaver along with the sweet beans to make her Halo Halo (Filipino style). The workers at the store are always happy to help you find things as was the case of the ice shaver. My kids bought their favorite Korean treats; correction, I bought their favorite Korean treats. We bought a pound of ground pork, for way less than your average grocery store, to make some egg rolls (boy were they good). Their selection of meats and fish is ginormous!But the main mission this past weekend was to snag those large manila mangoes for our weekly smoothie requirements. 12 mangoes with each about the size of my foot for $12, woo-hoo! I've become addicted to this place and will be back this weekend.
4	Good selection on everything Asian!
5	As a transplant from heavily asian populated parts of California, I assumed I had seen everything an asian grocer had to offer.  Lee Lee bested them all.  Their produce was diverse and inexpensive.  The Indian section rivals dedicated Indian grocery stores.  I wish I lived close enough to do my weekly grocery shopping.
4	Lee Lee's is great!I have a hard time deciding if I like Lee Lee's better, or Mekong. In this review, you will probably get sick of me saying the words, "just like Mekong", but deal with it. If you live in Chandler, I am saving you a trip to Mesa.Both have everything I need, and are very....ethnic. Just the way I like it. I tend to prefer Mekong due to it's location (I live in Old Town Scottsdale), but Lee Lee's is great when I am feeling a little adventerous, and want to get out into Chandler. The produce is quite good, and you tend to get some of the more exotic vegetables (ex. several varieties of chilis) and fruits (dragonfruit, fresh lychees and rambutan). I especially like the fresh jackfruit! Prices are very reasonable.It's not exactly the cleanest store, but then again, it's authentic. Don't expect a Whole Foods experience, but expect a fun excursion. You'll feel like you have been sent into a large city's Chinatown like San Francisco, or Los Angeles.Much like Mekong, Lee Lee's has two large aisles of Indian groceries, so you will see tons of my people there. Ha.Also, the fresh fish section is pretty neat. Just like Mekong. Fish in tanks, crabs, live shrimp, you name it, they got it.I haven't been here too often, but if I am ever in Chandler, I will be back.
2	I am shock! Today I bought "Monica - Lapis Surabaya's" cake. The code is 751160. I sliced it at home and I found the moldy inside. You can't tell without you slice it. I ate 3 slices before I knew about the moldy, I hope I am OK..Lol.. Poor me! I should checked the expired date before I bought it (I should not forget again next time...LOL). It turned out that there's no expired date printed on the box. Still, I would like to go back to this place for fresh vegetables, meats, and anything else (as long there's expired date print on it...Lol).
5	I love Lee Lee's! I love asian food, drinks, desserts and candy. There is such a great variety and it's a great place to buy new things to try at home, and half the time you don't know what you are buying so that just makes it all the more interesting. There is plenty of fish and assorted animals, the duck is especially delicious.There is also a section of little trinkets and sculptures and statues. Very interesting, I bought myself a golden Elephant one time.
3	There's only one asian supermarket in Chandler, so I'm pretty forced to come here. The prices are by far more expensive than in California. Other than that, they have good produces and everything you need when making an Asian dish. This supermarket smells so horrible and rancid.. they really need to do something about it. It smells so fishy and makes me want to throw up. The men who works are the meat department and fish department are perves and whistles at pretty women.. it's gross. Though, the perks of this supermarket is that they carry almost any kind of ingredient for every nationality.
4	If you're looking for Chinese groceries, this is the place for you. They do sell Korean groceries; however I would recommend Asiana on Dobson instead.The market is fairly large: they have produce, vegetables and meat in the back. Lots of parking and prices look fairly inexpensive.
5	You cannot be in the Phoenix area and not go to Leelee's. I always get something yummy here. From so many international places. It's like going on an international tour where you sample foods from Cuba. Or India. Or Vietnam and the Philippines. So many others. Plan on spending at least a couple of hours here. You will have fun!
5	The only Asian supermarket in Chandler, that I could fine.  I'm from California and used to buy all my Asian foods downtown LA. But when I wanted to cook some Asian dishes that I have come to love, I found myself searching for a quality source and over and over everyone suggested Lee Lee Supermarket.  I found they have good fresh produce and everything you need when making those Asian dishes we can't live without. Not only was I able to fine Asian but also Jamaican, Trinidad and Tobago foods, so i was much impressed. The last time I went there they offered a great deal on 12 packs of imported beers that could not be beat.  Sure, the supermarket smells a bit  (fishy)  at times... but  this is to be expected with the amount of fresh fish they clean and sell per day. Purchase your fresh fish out of the tank, take home and in the pot in minutes mmm mmm good. Oh, plus they had everything to make great!!!! Sushi at home and save BIG!$$$ This supermarket has ingredients for every nationality and culture. Plus I also enjoy being around other people of different nationalities listening to them talking and watching what they purchase and if you ever have any questions about the products the store staff is friendly and willing to help, but I fine that I love to ask the locals that are shopping in the stores, a great way to make new friends and fine out what they like an why..
4	The best place around for any type of ethnic ingredients you need whether it's Thai, Japanese, Indian, etc. The store smells like fish the second you walk in, but don't let that slow you down, this place is great.
5	every week i go there, i like cooking,anything they have  spices food.unbeliveble,they sell sator(pete) and loukning(jengkol) too.don't homesick for your country food, go to Lee Lee.They sell our country food .if you don't see what you want ,ask the worker or owner,owner name Ming / Meng .they very friendly,and they help us.Lee Lee market have 3 store at arizona, this place (chandler), Tucson, Peoria.if i don't  see what i want, sometimes i go to Tucson or peoria.the manager store Tucson and Peoria nice and helpfull.i recommend Lee Lee market for you.
4	This is the best Asian mart I have been to in the area. It is quite large and has aisles dedicated to nations all over the world. The selection is pretty good, but it doesn't have everything. It does get crowded on the weekend mornings.
4	This is probably the best oriental market in the city.  The next best one I can think of is in LA.  They have a wide variety of products from all over the world, featuring nearly every culture on the planet.  Indian, Indonesian, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese...they seem to have it all.  It's about the only place to get many fresh produce items.  Want some durian?  They have it.They also have a large variety of seafood and meats.  Including cuts and pieces you won't find in most American groceries.And let us not forget their international beers aisle.  Not a BevMo or Total Wine, to be sure, but a large variety nonetheless.If you are cooking authentic Thai or Filipino or other ethnic food, this is the place to come to get your ingredients.  And you'll get used to the smell (mostly from their live fish tanks, as near as I can tell - oh yeah, they have live fish you can buy) within a few minutes of entering.
1	At this Chinese market you will find almost anything you are looking for that is out of the ordinary. Not only are there Chinese food items, but also food stuffs from all over the world.....Indian spices and legumes, Goya products, malta india for all the Puerto Ricans that miss home. The only reason that i'm rating it 1 star is because I think Mekong Palaza (the other oriental market just up the road from Lee Lee's) is not only as good, but is cleaner and more organized. Lee Lee's STINKS. I've never walked in and not smelled the 'old fish' smell. Mekong is just better, sometimes it smells a little, but never as bad as Lee Lee's. I simply enjoy shopping there more, not to mention their produce section is off the hook. The veggies are always fresh and good looking! Even their meat and fish department is well kept.....ok, this is turning into a review for Mekong, sorry. Anyways, sorry Lee Lee's, but I will shop elsewhere.
5	I remember when this place use to be located on Dobson and Southern (NW corner) and then it grew up to an adult and here it is, busy than ever! I love coming here when i need to. You can practically get anything "asian" at this place and GOYA! Their competition is Mekong down the street, but I think Lee Lee is holding its own with its loyal customers and wide variety of sale items. I would definitely recommend coming here even if you need meats and vegetables - cheap! Like most Asian markets I've been to, it does have that stintch of weird odor expelling from the walls. But after awhile, you get use to it. :) They have a Filipino section - LOVE IT - get some Datu Puti and Silver Swan!! :)
4	Lee Lees Will Never EVER top ranch 99 ever. I am Just Sayin.Lee lees has a decent selection of items here but i don't necessarily care for their prices on certain things per say.  Example, California (More expensive price of living) but cheaper bigger tins of the ice cream(cannot think of the brands right now). For 5.00 of the same ice cream its triple the size in California and 1/3 of the size in Arizona. That makes a lot of sense. Also i have not been able to find any good red bean bread or ube bread or ensymada with ube or coconut in it here or anywhere in Arizona. What is going on in the world?! I understand there is not as many asians as there are in California where i grew up in like Asia town (i am half) where you could find anything Asian related food wise every block.  The first thing i had to find out if there was decent boba here there is(but still does not beat Nor Cal's)  So the fact that everything i really want is not here is the reason for the negative star.  I never really expect QUALITY Customer service at asian markets only because my mom used to work at one when i was very little and you can't expect the best. That is just me.  That is like someone who gets irritated that someone cannot understand what some indian people are saying or people that think anyone that comes into the united states needs to be able to speak fluent english. IT WONT HAPPEN. You just have to learn to accept it and move on.Just like i do with lee lees. I do not love it, i do not hate it, it gets me by and that's all i need.OOOOOH also important tip!! You get 10% off at the register for no reason every day any time! ;)
3	Okay, let me first admit that going to Lee Lee's is a cultural food experience like none other in that they have their dry goods shelves broken down by country so if you are looking for say staples or delicacies found in the Philippines, you can follow the signs to that area and half the fun of Lee Lees is just looking at all of the different food stuffs and wondering what one could make. If diversity of Asian food items is your key criteria or if you are from that part of the world and want to find food items you can't find anywhere else, this store is probably a godsend.As for me, I was surprised at how little I did buy because I couldn't figure out what to do with it and I grew up in Hawaii, so I'm pretty familiar with Asian food from any number of countries but mostly with Chinese and Japanese cooking. I actually find Super L Ranch Market on 44th Street, at the COFCO center, to be a better selection of Asian food items with which I'm familiar and thus, Lee Lee's probably suffers by comparison.I did however, find some great Jamaican hot sauce with Scotch bonnet peppers and mustard that just rocks and maybe that is the whimsical delight of visiting a story like Lee Lees, in the modified words of Forest Gump, Lee Lees is like a box of chocolates, many of which you have never heard of or imagined could exist and thus, you never know what your going to get.Bottom line, for anyone who is a bit of a foodie, Lee Lees will be an experience and worth checking out. I have a feeling many of you will find it be 4 or 5 starts but the wonder of Yelp is that when it comes to ratings, you get to be you and speak from your own box of chocolate experience. Nuff said!
5	Best supermarket in history!!
3	I was at Sprouts a few weeks ago and I woman I was talking to recommended I try  Lee Lee Oriental Market.  I went home and looked it up and saw that it's kind of far away from home.  I had something to do out in Chandler yesterday so I wanted to stop by Lee Lee's while I was out there.The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the smell.  I am not a smell sensitive person, but when I walked in there I started to feel a little nauseous.  I'm not sure what the smell was or where it came from but it seemed to get worse in certain isles.  Some isles I almost had to run down to get out of because the smell was so strong.The next thing I noticed was the size.  This place is gigantic!  It's so huge it's almost intimidating!  I decided I'd just go isle by isle.  The selection is pretty amazing.  As others have said they don't just carry your standard Chinese, Korean, and Japanese foods.  They literally cover every country in Asia and a few other continents as well.  They have foods from Africa as well as Latin America.  I didn't buy much because I was a bit overwhelmed!  The real standout of what I bought was the Kimchi.  It's better than what you can get in most restaurants.  Since getting there is a bit of a hike for me I don't think I'd make Lee Lee's a regular stop but if I'm in the neighborhood I'll stop by.
5	Where else can you go in Chandler the will transport you to another country for free in a flash!!I like to shop here and explore the foods of other countries.  This is not just an Oriental Supermarket, they are a World Market.  Each aisle jets you to a different culture or country.I wish most of all their sake selection was better but oh well, they are bound by the limitations of their distributors.I will be there again soon for a mini-staycation!!!!
5	Great prices, vast selection, and wonderful place to shop. Alexis R. says it best, it's the bomb.
3	I have been a customer of Lee-Lee's from the very start, maybe like 20 years.  I was perhaps customer #5 when he and his wife opened their first small store on the NW corner of Dobson and Southern, and their store was maybe 600 square feet max, and he personally had to drive his panel truck to LA to buy goods every week.  I went there today to get some ingredients for my Chinese food menu that I was preparing tonight.  But a couple of things really irked me so I felt I had to write this review.  First of all, I wanted so pork shoulder that needed to be larger than what they had in the prepackaged meat section.  I also saw some salmon and I wanted to know what kind of salmon that was -- farm raised or wild?  And what species -- red? silver?  I knew it couldn't be pink salmon from the color and it couldn't be king from the price.  But nobody in the fish section could answer my question.  And nobody in the meat section would go cut me a piece of pork in the size I wanted.Then I felt the urge to go use the restroom.  But when I got there, someone was cleaning the restroom and I asked if I could use it.  I was told, no, I just had to wait.  Ever have to "go" and there was nowhere to "go"?  I was so angry I felt like "going" on the floor in the hallway there.  WTF???My point in writing this post is that Lee-Lee was great with customer service when the owner and his wife ran the place.  Then his wife became a stay-at-home mom and that was OK since he was still there to assist, help, and answer questions.  But now he is really big and has two stores.  He also spends 80+%  of his time at the the NW store and seldom is at the Chandler store.  His customer service is going downhill fast -- every year I get more and more irritated along with others I spoke with.Guess we gotta shift all our business to Mekong Plaza up the road.  Too bad, I used to like Lee-Lee but I guess loyalty means nothing these days.  And customer service is a thing of the past.
5	OK - This is the first "Oriental Supermarket" I've ever frequented, so I don't really know that it's a 5 star location in the universe of Oriental Markets - but - the place has never disappointed. Given any recipe for Chinese or Japanese dishes, I have always been able to find exactly what I was looking for at Lee Lee. In addition, they have an excellent selection of Sake, Japanese and Chinese  beers as well as the largest selection of fish I've seen in the east Valley.
1	OK, OK, OK -- now I proved it, all my myself.  My wife always says that I am an idiot, but I just proved it (again)!  I am making some Asian stuff for dinner tonight and I was too lazy to drive up to Mekong Plaza so I went to Lee-Lee again.  While I was there, I picked up what I was looking for and then thought that perhaps I should make a big roasted pork butt for dinner tomorrow night.  But at the meat case their pork butt is cut into thick steaks and there is no cut that is suitable for roasting.  So I went to the meat counter and asked the guy there if they had a big piece of pork butt that I could make a roast out of.  Since he didn't speak English, he couldn't help me so he called over two other guys.  None of these guys spoke any English so they just looked stunned and walked away.  I went to ask the manager and he was too busy talking to his friend to help me -- he said that I should come back "later" and maybe he would help me.  WTF????  Again, crappy customer service.  But I always believe that things work out in the end.  One of these days, these guys will wake up and find that poor customer service will eventually kill their business.  But for now, I will definitely shop at Mekong Plaza instead of here.
4	Great selection of asian and other country foods & ingredients. I've never tried any of the meat or fish there, but have taken home quite alot of veggies, candy, snacks, & condiments. The staff isnt overly friendly, matter of fact, its hard to usually get them to even crack a smile. But I don't mind. The store is pretty clean (even though it smells like fish, lol), and they have TONS of items in stock. Prices are reasonable for the most part. I wish there was one closer to me in Phoenix though.
1	Yeah i don't think so, went in there saw some meat and seafood guys walking out of the bathroom without washing their hands, i wont be  buying any meat or seafood anymore from there don't care how cheap it is.
5	I have been going to this place for many years.  If you like to cook and you have never been, then you need to plan a couple hours for the first visit. There is SO MUCH to see and try here. It is a great cultural experience. They have food from all over the world. You can't find a bigger fish selection anyplace. Make sure you tell them you want your fish cleaned, unless you like to use the guts. Also they will fry your fish in peanut oil for free. Try it you'll like it! The produce is fresh, and there are many items you most likely have never seen before. The prices are good. If your looking for oriental healing items they have a counter up front with many items.  They have opened one on the west side, and Tucson as well.
3	Ever since I moved to AZ from CA, I have been looking for an Asian Market similar to what I was used to in CA and finally found it with Lee Lee. Although they don't have everything I shop for, it's close. They also have aisles dedicated to different cultures, which I think is great, and convenient. As good as it gets for Asian Markets in the desert!
5	Great supermarket! They have an incredible ethnic variety from all over the world.
4	Good selection. Prices seem to have come down since Mekong Plaza opened at Dobson & Main.
3	every thing Oriental and more - no need to say what everyone else said about the  products, but I will say that the smell of fish is wonderful to me - you Honkies need to be a little more respectful of what it takes to provide the HUGE selection of excellent seafood - the smell comes with it.  Not every place in the world smells like a new Starbucks.I got 8 ounces of dried black Chinese mushrooms for a buck, outstanding soy sauce for half the price of supermarket brands, and their cookies are really good, about half the sugar and fat, and twice the crisp of American cookies.Also, the customer service issue - yeah there is a significant language barrier, Grow UP.  learn to get along and be adventurous. point to what you want and use basic English and things will be fine - Don't be so threatened when you are out of your comfort zone, you're in their place.As I was standing by the door, waiting for my brother to finish, I saw an elderly Japanese couple, she was in a wheelchair and he was pushing her with a bag in her lap and another on his arm; a Filipino store clerk came up quickly, and took both the bags and pushed her to the car with hubby smiling behind them.  That's customer service!
1	RUDE RUDE STAFF!Something definitely needs to be done about this, I have never met such rude staff in my life. The people who shop here are definitely rude as well. When they first opened a while back in Chandler, the place was very clean, and I was in awe. Over time it seems like the place fell into further disrepair, the "entrance" set of Automatic Doors broke, so instead of fixing it like every other store would do, they blocked it off and forced all of us to use the exit door as a "Two way traffic door"....of course, without people saying excuse me, or anything, they just WALK RIGHT INTO YOU, as if YOU DON'T EXIST!They also seem to lack an "IC3" policy that most stores use, which means, that if there are three or more customers in a line, they should CONSIDER opening up another check stand so we can get on with our lives! Unfortunately, what I usually see is that they open about 3 checkstands or so, and the line is so long, expect to spend a long time standing in line. The staff at the meat counter actually seems nice, they wave hi as you walk past, and know the very basics of customer service...serving the customer. I can not say the same for any of the floor staff (or lack thereof), or cashiers at all! I can say I only come here because it is close to home here in Chandler, but for a better experience, I go up to Mekong supermarket in Mesa, on Main & Dobson near the Light Rail station.Also, peculiar that I do not have the same issues with the Lee Lee's up in Peoria. For some reason, the Chandler location just feels like something isn't right.Also if you think you can kill two birds with one stone by buying your "American" groceries, along with your "asian" groceries, think again. Their "American" groceries prices are marked up almost 200% that of a normal grocery store!
5	When I moved here from the east coast three years ago, I got homesick quickly until I heard about Lee Lee's.  It doesn't make up for all the cultural things I miss back East but it will do. It's like a field trip every time I go there with something new to try and see.
4	The aromas of fish permeate the air as you walk in this place.  I can't say that is a good thing or a bad thing because I love fish and there seemed to be plenty of it but I don't want to smell it while I'm purchasing chicken!  LOL   Love the idea of separating regional foods in each aisle, i.e., Filipino food in one aisle, Thai products in another aisle and Indonesian favorites in another;  it makes it easier to get the right stuff!Its the place to go for boneless chicken thighs!   Can you say - FLAVOR BOOST FOR ANY CHICKEN REQUIRED DISH!
1	The smell of this place is very strong ( in a bad way )  when you step foot in it. I understand they have alot of items you may not find in a traditional store, but I dont care. I couldnt get past the front of the store to check it out. I respect that the seafood and other items are supposed to be "fresh" but I amot the first person to have this feeling about the place. I go to other stores that are international stores , carry meats and seafoods and they dont smell anything like this.
4	yes it smells but when I've been here I just imagine traveling to all the countries, ,depths and dark places to get all the things they have here.
5	Tons of stuff from every ethnicity. You dont even know what most of it is but I try all kinds of things. Prices on meat are great, ground beef 1.59 a pound. Beer specials..they had 12 packs of Bud lite for 8.88 3 weeks ago (no help as ur reading this) as an example. Fresh live fish and in a package also. Unknown to most is you can buy fish and they will fry it for free. And whatever ur final bill is they take off another 10% at check out.
5	I feel like I'm on some sort of adventure whenever I visit Lee Lee's.Upon entering, you're hit with some sort of curry-like aroma that is super off-putting.  That smell.  Just barrel through.  Your sense of smell will adjust as time passes.  Woof.I love shopping for veggies & fruits here.  They have everything your little cold heart could desire.  I'm a big fan of plantains & they always have them... green just the way they are meant to be!  My Puerto Rican heritage thanks you, Lee Lee's.You probably won't be able to read 95% of the packages because they are in a different language.  Into my shopping cart you go!  Be adventurous!  Try all of the things!The aisles are thoughtfully divided into regions so you have somewhat of an idea of what you're getting yourself into.  The Japanese aisles are my favorite.  Seaweed everywhere!!!  The beer selection is awesome.It's your one stop shop for anything ethnic.  Oh, you need something from your culture?  Lee Lee's has it.
4	Beautiful produce, great selection of herbs. Huge meat and fish market. The place to go for Asian foods, noodles, rice.
4	Total sensory overload...in a good way! Had a co-worker tell me about this place and I had never been, so while in the valley we stopped in. I love to cook and love trying new ingredients, I didn't know what way to turn or where to look because it ALL intrigued me. I could have easily spent hours in there. We bought a few things, but now that I know (kinda) what they have, I can plan. The seafood looked great, the fresh meat looked awesome and the veggies were fresh. From cheese cracks from India to congealed pigs blood, they got it all.
4	It's a great Asian grocery store -- but the way things are organized by ethnicity is frustrating. That's because if you are looking for something (for ex spices) there might be 4 different rows with the same thing but different countries of origin. It's far too redundant.I love the vegetables and the butcher. Believe it or not their beer section has great prices on some rare micro-brews!OK, the smell is no worse than all the stores in LA.
5	I love going to Lee Lee's. we always stop when we're in town. We like the variety and that they have Indian food as well. It's always an adventure and always find something new to try.
5	The biggest and coolest Asian grocery store in the Valley.  Okay, okay, maybe not the Valley, but of all the Asian grocery stores that *I've* been to in the Valley.  And their prices are very reasonable so you can easily afford to be adventurous and try new things.Not only do they have products from all the Asian countries, but they have products from many other countries too.  Canned goods, household items, bakery, frozen, fresh seafood and meats, a huge produce section. You name it, they probably have it.
4	I have been back to Lee Lee's a few more times since writing my first review.  I really do like this place for the veggies and they way the store is laid out.  The aisles are wide and clear of overstock and allow you to stand back as you gaze over the inventory.  The veggies are very fresh and VERY reasonable in price.  When I wrote the first review I had not yet discovered Mekong's market.  I still give them 4 stars based on store layout and vegetable selection and freshness.  I would have to halfway retract my statement about their fish selection (See my Mekong review) though.  I still go here and will continue to go here.
4	This market is always fun to visit even if I don't have something specific I need to buy. It has an awesome selection of products from many different countries so if there is something you need that you can't find at your regular grocer I bet it will be here!
5	My family comes from a part of Mexico were tamales are made with banana leaves and this place is the best for finding these! Food City and the other Mexican supermarkets overprice their banana leaves so my mother prefers to come to Lee Lee's. I have been going here for so long that the smell doesn't bother me.
5	I've been shopping here since they opened their doors.  Over 10 years so you can say I'm a happy loyal customer.  In the past 10 years other Asian supermarkets have opened and I do go and try them out but I always come back to Lee Lee.First, the produce here is incredibly fresh.  Esp. if you shop on a Sunday.  The produce looks like it just got picked from the farm and was trucked right over.Second, I love their varieties.  I can get all kinds of Asian vegetables you can't get in American grocery stores and at incredibly reasonable prices.Third, I love coming here on the weekend where I can come across people from all ethnicities making me feel like for a little while that there is diversity in Phoenix.  The staff doesn't always speak English but that doesn't bother me.  I love it here and I love browsing the aisles looking at food from all over the world:  African, Brazilian, Indian, Korean, Japanese, Chinese and picking up items that I've never seen or tried before.Each shopping trip feels like a trip through the United Nation of Food.Love it, love it, love it!
4	I have been shopping here for quite a while already. The thing that I have noticed is they always kept the good price on food and the environment super clean! Love to come here and highly recommended to everyone!!
2	Smells really odd in there. But you sometimes gotta do what you gotta do to get Plum Flavored Ramune.
4	Uhm...this is what asian stores smell like so docking points because your olfactory nerves can't handle what's normal for most of the world isn't really fair IMO.  I actually thought Lee Lee was pretty clean - there are definitely worse around. Privilege, checked. Besides, you're not going to find 75% of what's in this store at your neighborhood Fry's or Safeway. Anyways, Mekong and Lee Lee go head to head for best asian market in Phoenix metro. For some reason, the packaged meats here are much fresher than what's in the service section.  Seafood options are pretty well-stocked. Plenty of sauces and spices in the aisles.  The herbs and vegetables are the winner for me.  Some of the options look way better than what I'd find back home in CA, so that's a plus.  Prices vary depending on what you get.  The savvy market-shopper will keep mental tabs on where to buy which items for the best value.
3	its okay, nothing to brag about.  Mekong plaza blows this place away.
1	Wow.....I know that my last two reviews for this place have been good, but this time.....I am almost speechless.  I went in looking for a specific item, a large pork belly to make homemade bacon,  I have bought them there several times before.  As I approached the counter I noticed the meat case was almost completely empty.  When I asked if they had any I was told no that they had to cut and wrap them and put them in the display cases now.  This causes a big problem:  You can't really inspect the meat for uniform thickness, freshness and fat to meat ratio.  I ended up buying two pieces out of the display case.  I have not opened them yet.  If I don't re-post something, then you can assume all is well.  Next, the fish counter.  What a mess.  First off, you could hardly see through the glass.  Second, the live tanks and several dead or dying fish in them and again the glass was so dirty it was hard to see what little fish they had.  The smell, I understand that it is somewhat of a fish market and a certain smell comes with that, but the stench is overwhelming.  I also noticed that the shelves seemed like they were not as full as they have been in the past.  We also noticed that in almost every aisle, in one spot or another, there was a rotten smell, like that of decaying food.  I could see if it was in just one spot but we came across that unforgettable smell time and time again.  I was just at a loss for words.  I really, really liked this place, but with Mekong's not really that far away and with that store being MUCH cleaner and smelling much better and Lee Lee's no longer carrying what I went there for, methinks I will stick with Mekong's.
4	I like going to LEE LEE's, They got lots of stuff from home. I'm from Hawaii, so I get to go there and get the Taro leaf,taro,sweet potato and stuff, plus theyget aloha shoyu and New Zealand corn beef  and lots of other international foods.  They got a small bakery in there too that has some pretty good taro bread. I gave them 4 stars cause they're expensive.
5	I go here often to pick up their pre-cooked Bao; BBQ pork buns are fabulous! The red-bean filled mini-pancakes are amazing, so it's a "pity" you can only get them on the weekends! They have an awesome selection in the bakery/pastry area and have tons of fresh produce-- including noodles, and even the occasional shipment of Poi.
5	The best place to buy all things Asian. The selection of vegetables is amazing. I lived in Asia for 12 years and this is the real deal. I have known the owner for about 15 years, since he had a tiny little shop in a strip mall. Now he blows away the rest. When you go there, notice how fast the checkout people work. They know all the codes. They're 10 times faster that the people working American style supermarkets. I go there for everything!
5	really good selection.. has all the brands i like to get and great selection of produce.. also tasty treats at the bakery.. funny smell when you walk in, but you get used to it after 20 seconds..
4	If you are looking for a quality asian supermarket in Phoenix this is it. Found all my sushi equipment here as well! Deal with the smell guys, it is all the oriental food combined. Try to not be so offensive in your posts.
4	It's your standard international supermarket! Has everything I need and it's very conveniently located for me. Produce and meat doesn't stay fresh though as long as the same products bought at Safeway or Frys for example, so you definitely have to use them within 2-3 days max of buying otherwise you've wasted your money. I think Mekong's prices are a bit cheaper, but we're not talking a huge difference. Leelee's is closer to me so I come here much more frequently.Awful news though: they have discontinued their standard 10% off every purchase! Nooooooooo :(
4	My new favorite market. They have a variety of ethnic foods. I was in "pig heaven"  Managed to find everything on my list to make miso butterfish.  This will  be my to go market when we need exotic items.
5	Me and my bf decided to go here to find some boba we can cook at home and make our own boba tea and green tea ice cream. Lots of unique Asian food and meats (every organ of the pig and cow) and even fish that they hold in a tank to keep it fresh before butchering which was neat to see. My bf was overjoyed when he found some noodle packages he had and loved a long time ago and immediately stuffed 10 packs into our basket. If you wanna find all things Asian (and food from other countries like the middle east and Hawaii) come here.
2	I've been shopping here for many years and this is a serious downgrade.  It could be me but the last few times I've been here, the items I'm used to buying they no longer carry.  Plus, prices seem more expensive.  The most disappointing part is their customer service.  It used to be when I couldn't find an item and would ask for help, someone would go out of their way to help me and make sure I found what I was looking for.The last few times, I first encountered employees who looked unhappy and harassed when I asked for help.  This last time, the young man that helped me looked surly.  Like he didn't like me and I'm his costumer!  He showed me a gas stove to be used for hot pot, it was the last one and the case was broken.  He glossed over this fact hoping I wouldn't notice.  When I pointed out to him the case was broken, he very unkindly told me that may be the case but nothing is wrong with the gas stove itself.*Sigh* I'll probably still shop here as there are not very many options for Asian grocery stores here in Phoenix but I won't be walking in and out of there with a smile like I used to!
5	When I lived down in mesa this was one of my fav places to go weather on a lychee binge or mae ploy sauce MUST try peking duck and I heard rumors they do or carry some viet food ?  Thai beef wraps. ?? its worth a drive but only if im down there for a few days or a day off im stop in.
3	I have seen the owner grow from his small store many years ago on Dobson & Southern to where he is now and has been for awhile.  His big supermarket has changed and probably to meet his own needs and he is a wonderful man, very hard working, dedicated and committed.  I have great admiration and respect for him.However, as a thrifty and discriminating shopper, sometimes his prices are not all that competitive as they used to be.  They did away with the 10% discount they used to give to customers and prices are higher.  As well, I noticed that instead of allowing customers to choose from a range of prices, prices have been more equalized for similar products, which I don't like.  I like the pricing differences.The variety of things doesn't seem as much in some areas.  I do want continued great success for the owner, but it seems things aren't improving, rather going down.  Anyway, I hope he finds ways to make things better and provides better pricing that he can live with that will bring more customers to him.Mekong does have a great selection, offers that 10% discount, and a lot more pastry and fruits/veggies and the price difference, to me, is a bit better.  However, since Lee Lee's is much closer to me and close to our kids' school, we'll continue to try to give him the business as I love to see good, decent small businesses owners continued success.
4	Definitely one of those eureka moments for me after I discovered that Lee Lee was just in my neighborhood. The place was huge, dry and wet market and meat and seafood market in one place. Multiple aisles with food from different countries eg. Argentinian, Sri Lankan..., it's really like being on a tour. I believe the owner is Vietnamese but i really like that the products that he sells branch out and cater multiculturally, giving this store an international flair in the Valley.The vegetable section, though not always fresh, offers a lot of variety. If you're looking for ingredients for your Pho soup, this is the place.They have frozen seafood and also live fish and sometimes seasonal crab and lobster  for sale on a large glass aquarium which is often a source of amusement for kids. I usually have my tilapia cleaned, cut and fried on their frying station.Expect less expensive meat (chicken, pork and beef) here because they packaged it on their own. Moreso, expect oxtail, chicken liver and other non traditional fares to be on display for the culinary hippies.Curiosity awaits the eye when one stops and checks out the items on their open freezer i.e. frozen banana leaves, frozen fish and shrimp balls....I am giving this place a 4 stars because i really feel at home and gastronomically creative when i shop here. My only recommendation to the management is to train their cashier to be more welcoming and greetful, because a smile goes a long way for a repeat and satisfied customer.
2	They have the widest selection of imported ethnic foods in the east valley. Having lived as a child near Chinatown I know what good Chinese groceries are, this one is not. They should be reasonably priced with imports on the pricey end. They all smell like fish, I don't think you get away from the smell.The produce is hit or miss here. Last week when I went there weren't any carrots and the cauliflower had mold on it, EVERY single head I saw, and I looked at most of them. Also sometimes they will move things and you are at a loss as to how to find them.I keep going back because there are things I just don't know how to find elsewhere and I grew up with a Japanese stepfather and ethnic food. I don't want to have to try to find places to order things from online or go to ten different stores to find quality.Also prices are not competitive, they know they are the largest in the east valley and they know that they can change what they want to. Its frustrating. I avoid this store unless I need something specific. (so I go once or twice a year) It probably has what your looking for is the BEST thing I can say for this place.
1	They have no Brazilian in this store! And when I asked about it they were extremely rude what a wasted trip....
5	I just took my weekly trip around the world. World of food that is of course! Huge selection of Indian curries, fresh produce and all sorts of hard to find specialty items. Make sure to pickup a couple fresh made red bean pancakes for 75 cents a piece
4	So happy i made the trip. Just needed to purchase a few things for some new recipes that I wanted to try. It was well worth the drive! The place is huge so I wandered around a bit until I found the ingredients that I needed, but everything was there at a great price. This place would even make me attempt recipes that I have never tried before because their prices are so good on herbs, spices and cooking oils. They even have a fresh produce section that I bought some green beans from -they were great! I definitely will visit again.
1	There is definitely something going on with this store.  We've shopped here on and off for several years.  Last time in this store the shelves were nearly empty and many aisles just had fillers on the shelves and not what was supposed to be there.  I bought some short ribs, which were fine, but they didn't have any Kalbi sauce which is extremely weird (they typically have hundreds of bottles).  I asked the cashier if they were closing the store and he acted like he didn't know what I was talking about and everything in the store was "normal".  We'll see.  Hopefully it won't close.
5	Lee Lee's Oriental Supermarket is something you really have to experience.  Anything and everything you have experienced in  Asian cooking or dining is sold at Lee Lee's.  From fresh(live) seafood in the tanks that line the back of the store, to dining and cooking utensils, to beer and wine.  It's almost as interesting to just browse the isle as it is exciting to go shopping here.  You must see this place to believe it and to comprehend the extensive variety of items for sale.
3	This place used to be very good. They are missing a lot of products and their meat and veggies aren't as fresh as before. Sometimes you would get this food one week and the next they don't have it anymore. I hate there is no consistency to their products. It's either a hit or miss sometimes.
5	I love Lee Lee Oriental!  It's like a super AJ's but a lot cheaper and more variety!  I really enjoy cooking and experimenting with different foods and cultures and ingredients, however it can be very costly to experiment.Great produce and lots of exotic fruits.Highly recommended to the home chef and the professional chefs too!!
4	I am planning a wedding in only 7 weeks and had ordered lavender for the wedding. It was my fault that I didn't pay attention on when it was to arrive and never received it. Lee Lee was so kind to me after I made a rush reaction that they never sent it and was willing to send me more. Thank you!!! I have learned a big lesson and they are to kind in helping me out!!!
5	international az
4	Solid 4 stars. Lee Lee's is a staple for those ingredients or food items you're just not going to find at a Fry's or Safeway. It's not even strictly "Asian" - I used to get a good bit of Brazilian food items from here :)Some tips:  (Note: All of the things I describe below I have been able to accomplish without any skills speaking any sort of Asian language)Fish counter: they will remove the scales and guts of any fish they sell. They will also cut it however you want. Meat counter: You can even order marinated Korean BBQ (they will thinly slice the pork/beef and marinate it for you). You pick it up ready to throw on the grill. Other meat: they sell chicken hearts (don't judge. They're delicious).Produce: lots of Asian veggies and some fruits (not sure if "seasonal" is the correct way to describe the variation in fruit selection - really it just *varies*). Fantastic selection of fresh herbs (stock up - you can pre-chop and freeze. Throw the frozen herbs into your dishes while you're cooking).Rice: the only place I buy rice. Pretty exhaustive selection. Be prepared to buy at least 10lbs.Noodles: every noodle type you could need. Spices: Don't ask me why, but their Thai curry paste selection is the best you will find. I absolutely cannot make a decent green or red curry unless I use a paste from Lee Lee's. Other: they have some decent bakery items, frozen items, and kitchenwares you can buy. Not the *best* selection in these areas but better than nothing in most cases. Navigation tip: try and discern what a product is by the picture on the label. Lee Lee's a lot of imported brands and not everything has an English translation on the label. Or, sometimes I will go to a section and find something with an English description and then search for another item that's similar but with a non-English label (this has worked on multiple occasions to get more authentic item without being completely surprised by my purchase).
2	I've been going to Lee Lee's for a number of years, but it seems to be in a decline over the last year. While the selection and stock of some ethnic sections are still maintained, the Japanese foods aisle is not being stocked regularly. Lee Lee's has never had an outstanding Japanese food section, but it had most of the essentials. Being of Japanese descent, this section was a lifesaver for me-but no more. Instead of the familiar brands and selection of Japanese goods a ten-foot section of shelves was being fronted with CostCo (Kirkland) roasted seaweed. While I do buy seaweed from CostCo occasionally, when I'm having some good rice I look for the slightly thicker and more flavorful Japanese brands. Even their rice section was decimated and lacked stock. I guess I'll look for a new market.
4	I was so happy to find an Asian market nearby that had a true selection of products to choose from. This place is the real deal! They have everything you would expect from a traditional Asian market, bakery, butcher, produce, frozen, dairy, seafood, household items and more! The place is huge and is actually kept pretty nice - unlike many Asian markets in the US. Almost all the checkout lanes were open which made for a speed exit once we had finished our shopping.I will definitely be coming back to Lee Lee's in the future!
4	Wow! This place is many times larger than a typical Asian store (although it does not sell Asian food exclusively). Sadly, that "Asian store odor" is still quite pungent, mostly smelling of fish. But you get used to it after a while.I have only been here once, but there seems to be quite a large variety of products here: fresh produce, meats, frozen food, packaged food, and even a bakery. This place also seems fairly clean and well-kept compared to other Asian stores I have shopped in.There are also a lot of Asian restaurants and stores nearby, so I would definitely be back here!
2	i used to shop there all the time.  not so much anymore.  his prices have gone sky-high.  much higher than inflation in other stores.  that can't be good for business.  now when i go to food city, which has the best prices on produce, it's crowded with asians.  i wonder if they've stopped going to lee lee's too.
5	I always find myself here when I am craving some home made asian food. They carry all types and kinds of foods from all over the world. They have every ingredient you may need for your dish and everything is reasonably priced. Love their selection of vegetables, as most you cannot find in American markets. I'll definitely be coming back. :)
4	This place is amazing - they have everything you could want, from kimchi to dishware to henna. Amazing "ethnic" food selection from tons of different cultures, including African and Latin. And if you want a crazy veggie like lotus root or Japanese mountain yam, this is the place to go.The fish smell, however, is intense. Why can't these stores get rid of this? Otherwise, it would be the perfect place.
4	Biggest Asian market in my area. Very large and even has a bakery inside, (which had very tempting looking treats). Food from many different cultures. There is also a beauty kiosk near the front. It was closed when I went, so I can't comment on what's there.  Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed with the the lack of some items. I still had to go to another market across from my college to get everything I wanted. The juice selection was lacking. Some of the things I was looking for but could not find: Milkis, 2%, Ghana, (I actually don't recall seeing anything from Lotte, whch is surprising seeing as it's such a huge conglomerate) Haw Flakes, etc... Maybe I just didn't look well enough. Oh well, it is what it is, I can't complain.
1	Came here with high expectations, but was extremely disappointed.1.The whole store is basically junk food with regular food sprinkled in2.Their fish section smells MUCH worse than anywhere else i have ever been, including other asian grocers (Grantstone market is better in this regard)3.Most of the fish still needs to be skinned and cleaned4.Next to no organic selection (Grantstone market has a lot)5.They carry food that lies about not containing MSG.  i know an MSG headache when it hits.6.Got followed around the store the whole hour i was there by employees.  The store is big enough that i could easily steal something and get away with it.  Go install security cameras and get the hell out of my face7.A lot of the produce was wrinkly looking8.Crap location for taking the bus to9.Japanese aisle is a JOKE.  If anyone says otherwise, they have no clue about Japanese cooking10.They dont have a liquor license, yet they have an extensive beer aisle.  So if you were hoping to pick up some, have fun getting to look at it but not buy anyThe only reason to go here is for the indian preservative free bulk snack, dirt cheap peanuts, and decent prices on chicken breastMost of the food here is total shite, but if you dont care about your health i suppose this is the place for you.  Enjoy everything having the same MSG and cornsyrup taste and pretending you are eating authentic asian food...i will be sticking with grant stone market and Yogi's indian market on stone (right up the street north on stone from grant stone market)
3	I used to really enjoy coming to this market. Everything was arrange according to country and some what organized. In the last year or two this market has declined. They no longer sell the crab meat for sushi, henna for tattoo designed and the smell has gotten more like dirty butt than fish. This used to be my "go to" market for the unusual recipe requests, all my fish and Asian vegetables....   :(
5	My second heaven!I glided inside the way Chandler and Joey glided into Monica and Rachel's apartment except no porcelain dog was involved.I went straight to the aisle where I can stock up on my cans of Dace in salted black beans. Bought $35 worth. Then skipped around to the baker ... mmmm curry beef pastry and cream-filled pastry. Went to the back and picked out some fish for the deep fryer. Then over to the noodle section to stock up.I am a happy camper. Cooked so much Asian food while in Chandler, that getting an In-and-Out burger while on my way back up the mountain, my usual ritual, just seemed unfathomable. Why ruin all this good food inside of me with fast food.Love love love Lee Lee Market!!
5	I've enjoyed shopping at Lee Lee's for years.  I went by to get a live tilapia to try this last time.   Frozen tilapia usually comes from China.  Live tilapia mostly are supplied from a large aquaculture operation in New Mexico.   I'll pay a little extra to get fresh US produced fish.   I asked the meat department guy to catch one and fillet it.  Guess he did the best fillet job he could with a meat clever.  The fish was fresh and fried up nicely.   Next time I'll do the fillet part.
4	I come here for the produce. They have fresh turmeric root,  and I like to make turmeric tea. They have some really great fruit and vegetables as well. Things you don't normally see in a Safeway or Fry's. I agree with another reviewer that a lot of the things are just junk food. I still like to come here once in a while and go up and down every aisle just to see what they have.
5	Food from all over the world! Seriously! Thailand, India, Dominican Republic, Japan, Brazil, Mexico and the list goes on and on. Beer from all over too! This was my first trip here and it's already officially become my favorite grocery store! I will be coming here all the time. The store smells funny but I blame that on the seafood and all the spices they have. I love this place. If you're looking for something from anywhere, it's probably sold here! And at a good affordable price too!
1	you guys need an inventory control system. every other store can look up an item, and tell me where the item is! i don't know is never an acceptable answer to a customer!
