5	A favorite for dinner.  Scores with the trifecta of great food, good service, and killer ambiance.  Dark and romantic.  Really good moody alternative music playing in the background.  Comfy booths that make you want to linger over dinner for hours.  I guess the story is that it is supposed to resemble the smokehouses of the Netherlands?  I can't comment about that because I have never been to the Netherlands, but I love the vibe here.   Upscale.  American/New American food.  Meat intensive, so don't bring your vegetarian date here.  Don't over-order, the portions are quite big.  That's it.  Go.
5	Ditto to everyone else's comments thus far.We dropped in for a drink the other night and were very pleasantly surprised with how hidden and cool the underground bar was. They also have Chimay on tap??? That's hard to mess with. We had already eaten a big dinner so we didn't go there but even a cursory glance at the menu left me inspired to come back soon. And I'm sure their cuisine won't fall far from the Richardson's tree, which is a very good thing, in my book.
4	What I like about the downstairs bar is that you get very limited cell phone service. So if you're with someone who happens to be additcted to their crackberry- then this is your place.The food is rich and awesome- I especially like their seafood selections.
5	THIS PLACE IS IT!The basement bar is like no other in Phoenix!  Gives a new meaning to hunkering down.  The food is delicious, the ambiance is just right.  Dark, comfortable and makes you want to stay.  They offer "Small plates" so you can try a different assortment of foods.  OR have a "bigger plate" for a full meal.  I had the skewers on my last visit and I think I will order them again.  SUPERB!
5	Impressed on so many levels with this stashed-away gem in Phoenix. I had heard of Richardson's, and for my friend's going away/belated birthday dinner, he requested that we go to Richardson's "other restaurant."Like any good yelper I checked its profile out and the peoples' who's opinions and tastes I've come to trust had me sold on it. A subsequent AOL City Guide review page was less than inspiring - complaints about them closing the upstairs dining area and diners who were less-than-impressed with the menu - they (the AOLers) came off sounding like snobs in their reviews, anyway, so I didn't let it bum me out, but I wasn't sure what to expect.Based on the price range and what I'd heard, I was prepared for a 40s-60s married couple crowd and elegant/traditional dcor that would appeal to that demographic; this assumption was further believed when we pulled up and saw those exact couples leaving the parking lot.However, we drove up (complimentary valet is required) and went thru a wooden door into a stone stair chamber (seriously, it felt like a secret passageway in a castle) to another wooden door that opens into the bar area (I was assured on the phone when I made reservations about three days ahead of time for the Sat night that we would get a table, or you can wait for a table or belly up at the bar to eat).Anyway, the crowd was very up-and-coming (for reals, not like Scottsdale mall Kona Grill happy hour, "I'm in real estate" up-and-comers) late 20s to late 30s crowd, the flat screen TV behind the bar was playing ESPN and the Cure (!) was playing...I was in love. It was still white table cloth and wood accents nice, but the subtle, muted tv and just high enough music volume were enough to make it seem more like a bar than a stuffy restaurant. I was told it was Dutch-inspired (so executed by the Dutch impressionist works all over the walls) but the food is basic "new American" grill faire. New twists on old favorites...along with favorites basic mashed potatoes (except these come out souflee style), bacon-wrapped scallops, prime rib ($32) and Chilean sea bass ($28? $34?) (all of which we ordered, and ate, and it was all excellent).We also got a bottle of wine for $25 - not bad. That was one of the least expensive ones, it goes up to the $200s from there. Oh, we also had crme brulee (divine, freshly made with real vanilla bean and served cold, not hot) and coffee to top it all off. Whew! We were pretty drunk, very full and very, very happy with our experience. (the music selection also continued to impress, surprise me - The Killers, MorrisseyOh! I can't forget the server...he was professional (not snobby), knowledgeable and helpful - he will give you his honest opinion on which dishes he likes and doesn't. Oh! And, for a higher-dollar establishment, I was very happy to see they didn't try to charge for every little thing - for $32 I got a salt and pepper encrusted prime rib, the giant side of mashed potatoes, asparagus and a salad (you even get to choose from four specialty salads); a steal, really.Ok, I'm done gushing. If you want a romantic dining spot, this works. If you want a nicer place to grab drinks with people who will appreciate the menu, the ambiance can't be beat.
5	First, I want to say that whoever listed the address on this place, was DEAD WRONG, because I ended up at Dick's Hideaway. OMG this place is magic. You must must MUST go down the murky stairs to the dimly lit bar with real candles illuminating the room. They serve lunch and dinner down there now, too.I ordered a nice red, and was also pleased at the selection of micro-brews available. (The bf loves his porters!) Happy Hour is until 6pm...and all small plates (like tapas) are only $5!!!! You must try a few...especially the Veal Meatballs.I ordered the surf and turf (6oz beef tenderloin topped with 2 lg shrimp and jalapeno hollandaise, two dungess crab enchiladas and pinto beans) YUM! This food was simply divine. Oh, and if you get an entree, make sure you get the spinach salad (one of three salad choices). The bf, who is less adventurous in his cuisine choices chose the chicken enchiladas, which he ate every bit of. The atmosphere is sophistacted, but not uppity, the service is superb and the wine list is nice, but not too pricey. You must go at least once in your life.
5	I really enjoyed myself here.  The atmosphere is really cool.  My girlfriend says the smell of the burning fireplace reminded her of Aspen... you could smell the wood burning when you pulled into the parking lot.  The service was excellent and the food was also very good.  We ate downstairs at the bar and chose a few things off the small plates section of the menu.  They also had a lot of fresh fish choices on the specials board.  I would definitely come back here again.
4	This place has something for everyone in a very non-chain, dimly lit smokey cabin kinda way.  Written on chalkboards above the booths, you'll find several fresh fish and meat selections that are subject to change.  The menu features several small and large plates, along with additional entrees.  We got a large plate as an appetizer (the garlic dish) and it ended up taking over as the main dish.  It was divine and very unique for Phoenix.  The wine list is great because it has some inexpensive selections that you can get in two-glass pitchers.  And like Richardson's this place offers the famous GCP (green chile potato).  Mmm, mmm.  Oh yeah, and whether you choose to eat there or not, at least visit downstairs.  It's magical.
5	I loved this place. My husband and I met another couple for dinner at Rokerij on Saturday night. From 4-6 pm, the small plates are $5 each. It is such a great deal. The catch: you have to be sitting at the bar. Not in the booths next to the bar, but at the bar. Each couple ordered 4 small plates and then we all shared. Pretty much everything I tasted, I liked. The brie toasts were by far my favorite...I could have ate the whole plate myself.  The bacon wrapped scallops were really good as well; the calamari was delicious especially because the breading wasn't very heavy and it was quite tasty as well (we consider ourselves calamari snobs). The crab tostadas were good but I don't enjoy cold crabmeat too much.  My husband tried the shrimp scampi and he liked it, but said that if hadn't come with the rice, it would have been bland. He said the rice added flavor to the dish.  With the small plates, it seems that most of the plates come with six of that particular item.   Drink prices were really good...for 8 small plates and 9-10 drinks between the four of us, our bill came to $84. I was shocked when the bill came because it was so cheap, considering all we ate and drank.The decor in the downstairs bar area is really cool...it's very dim and dark, but it is really cozy. There was a real fire in the fireplace which gave it a log cabin type of feel.  I will definitely be back.
4	Really, whats not to like?  Well, read on. . .The downstairs bar is nice and cozy with a fire going and a copper bar top.  This is exactly the type of place I loved to go to back home in the winter when it was snowing outside.  The bartenders are super friendly.  The small plates are $5 during happy hour (although their drink special happy hour and food happy hour don't overlap) but like Melissa said you have to sit directly at the bar.  (Not next to it, not across from it, AT the bar.)  If you're one of those people who don't like small plates because you need to shove a ridiculous amount of food in your mouth, this is your place.  The small plates all had very generous portions, especially for $5.  The name Rokerij comes from a set of cafes in Amsterdam, so this restaurant is a "smokehouse" (haha) that specializes in steaks and other grilled meats.  If you venture to the restaurant upstairs you are overwhelmed with the wonderful smell of grilled meats.  We had two small plates with beef tenderloin and they were both great.  Even the seafood dishes were very good - scallops, crab, shrimp, ceviche (though it was not a traditional ceviche and was a little sweet).There were two things not to like.  1- The couple sucking face behind us on the couch.  I don't understand why grown adults have to act like teenagers in restaurants.   2- The roach that was crawling across the bar that my husband had to kill.  To thier credit, the bartender was grateful and thanked my husband for "looking out"
5	Ok I love this place!!!! Pick a rainy night when nothing sounds better then cozy-ing up to the fire, listening to great tunes and sipping a fabulous blueberry lemon drop or sophisticated glass of wine and there is no better place to be in Phoenix.  So unique from the big flashy restaurants smattered up and down Scottsdale.  You can dine upstairs, or downstairs at the bar in a bit more casual environment.  I have to admit that I have yet to eat upstairs.  Downstairs, you can get the same menu + and easily fill up on very substantial light fare at a reasonable price.  Try the beef tenderloin toasts and you will come back again and again.  Everyone is so friendly here, from bartenders to patrons.  If only there were more places in phoenix like this! Our own little piece of Aspen - go, go, go.
3	This place is hit or miss. I've had several of the small plates and sometimes they are tasty and others not so much. However, you can never go wrong with the Roasted Garlic plate - beware though! You will reek of garlic the next day, so indulge in this on a Saturday night maybe, so you can stay in Sunday. Also the GCP (green chile potato) is excellent. Downfall: too pricey for what it is, and the service could be better.
3	I absolutely loved my first visit to this restaurant. So much, in fact, that we decided to take some family here over the holidays. Our service on this visit....sucked. And that's being nice. I asked our waitress if she was new, but she said she had been there over a month. After asking on 5 separate occasions for water, we finally flagged down another waiter and asked him. I do love the ambience...but will the "lodgey" feel be appropriate when it's 110 degrees outside? The food is good, but pricey.
2	Unfortunately the reason why this place  has gone down hill is because it's no longer what it used to be.
1	I was here with friends for drinks and dinner last Thursday evening, and I have to say that nothing about this restaurant was acceptable for any of us.First, we didn't have reservations and were greeted with slightly rude service by the host.  However, I think she noticed that we were a little taken aback by the attitude, and quickly changed her mood.In the downstairs bar, we ordered drinks while we waited for a table to open up for us.  The bartender made a mistake while preparing my friend's Bloody Mary, accidentally dumping an enormous amount of tabasco in her drink.  However instead of simply making a new one, he served it to her anyway (admitting his mistake while setting it down in front of her) and told her to let him know if she didn't like it and wanted a new one.  Of course she tried it, couldn't drink it and had to ask for a new one.After we got to our table upstairs and ordered our appetizers and meals, things got worse.  It took well over half an hour to get our appetizers, and when we did they were cold.  We were not sure that our oysters were supposed to be as cold as they were, but the fact that they had congealed melted cheese seemed to indicate that they should haver at least been warm.After we finally got our salads (about 45 minutes after ordering), we were rushed through them before getting our meals just a couple minutes later.  None of us enjoyed our meals, as we found them either burnt or bland.Even though we made a few complaints about our meal to the server, when our check came we found that we had been charged for everything and were only offered a very pallid apology for the obvious problems with our meal.this was not an inexpensive meal, either, so we will likely not be back!
5	The Rokerij is kinda weird.  Its almost like two completely different entities, meaning their restaurant and their basement bar.First, the restaurant.  I give it "four thumbs aight".  I've had better steaks, but never in a cozier environment.  Their booths are ridiculously private and can be really romantic.  Until you stare across the way and see some baby boomers molesting each other under the table.  You can bring your own bottle here, but their corking fee was $25 or $30 which made me really kinda laugh to myself, but not out loud because i didn't want to disturb the mood of the evening or the piranhas in table 4.  So, my $10 tip-top Malbec brought back from the actual country of Argentina via me and a large airliner (vino is amazingly good and cheap there), was now $40.  Whetever.  I just expected myself to be in LOOOVE with the food which was not the case.However.Their basement bar is pretty much the most unique place to drink in the Valley.  Its focused around a wood burning fire and this is precisely where you go to get a strong cocktail or a deep red wine.  If you can snag the fire-front seating you will want to park it right there all night.Man, when they used to allow smoking down here, it was like being in the Loyal Order of Water Buffaloes Lodge.  Too bad.  Another case of the gubments saving us from ourselves.
4	I'm a big fan of Dick's Hideaway...but not a huge fan of Richardson's. There's something about all of that tacky Southwestern decor at Richardson's that makes me lose my appetite. Rokerij (pronounced ro-ka-ree) has all of the charm and coziness of Dick's without any of the tackiness of Richardson's. The food is different, too--it's an Amsterdam smokehouse theme. You'll still find specials written on chalk boards in the dining areas, so bring your glasses if you're near-sighted. My favorite dish is the tenderloin on a toast, covered with peppercorn gravy. The Rokerij salad is delicious--a version of the classic wedge sprinkled with chunks of bleu cheese, red onion and bacon.  If you're looking for some fantastic appetizers, order the small plates--the toasts with melted brie and tenderloin are great. It's a nice place to bring clients for lunch, but it would also make for an intimate first date. Great beers on tap if you don't want to check out their more than adequate wine list. I think it's the same menu for lunch and dinner. Both the main dining room (on the ground floor) and the basement bar come equipped with fireplaces and comfy furniture with those signature toss pillows. Warning: if you're wearing a skirt and you have to slide into the ultrasuede booth, you're going to show some leg. You can reserve either of the booths in the bar area if you have a larger group and want to make sure you have a seat.
5	Unlike most eateries in Phoenix where often I take on a "willfully blind" approach to service/ambiance,etc, I actually felt as though I was not in Phoenix the moment I arrived in this dark toned jewel of a restaurant.  Simply put, the dining experience exceeded any expectations I had for the evening.  Gorgeous stemware perfectly complimented a very understated and meticulously considered wine list.  Upon the arrival of my main course, I suffered through slobber fits while awaiting the rest of the tables food (momentary wait).  The Surf n Turf (dungeness crab enchiladas, bacon wrapped jumbo prawns, delicious mashed potatoes, and perfectly cooked piece of beef - $29) - was served on girthy plates framed by an artfully presented dish.  Healthy portions, overflowing flavor and subtly attentive service catapulted the Rokerij to the top of my Valley favorites.  If a single dining experience could suggest of more delectably similar experiences to come, this was it!  Every meal at the table was equally as well received as mine and I don't think you'll find a better salad than the Rokerij concoction we partook in prior to the main course...simply put, a superlative dining experience from start to finish!  I can't wait to return for their "small plate" and $7 glass of wine happy hour.
5	Not knowing where to go for dinner nor anything about this place, a friend suggested The Rokerij to my boyfriend and I.  It was getting late and I just wanted somewhere new to go for my birthday and, wow, was I happy with the decision.  Having not made a reservation and no tables available, there were three seats at the bar so we happily sat there.  Great wine selection and beer on draft, we ordered the roasted garlic appetizer and chose our drinks and looked over the menu.  Received our drinks and placed our entree orders, right about then the hostess approached to say they had a table for us.  The bartenders had no problem keeping our tab and coming out to serve us.What great ambiance with the music, lighting, huge couch-like booths, and the grill and prep area behind the bar.  We received our appetizer about 10 minutes later and was it good.  Salads came in good time and we all ordered the Rokerij with iceberg, fresh bacon crumbles, tomatoes, onion, gorgonzola crumbles and dressing, tasty and crisp.Round two on drinks and a few minutes later the entrees came out.  There was also a french loaf and butter brought out.  All were very hot and smelled amazing.  Our dining companion ordered the burger cooked to liking with bacon and three sauces.  My boyfriend ordered the beef and reef with bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp, crab stuffed enchiladas with red mole, and delicious mashed potatoes.  He almost ate everything but the potatoes!  I ordered the three fish special with mahi mahi in a red sauce, catfish in a roasted salsa, two jumbo shrimp with two amazing sauces (favoring the green chili cheese) a roasted red pepper potato stuffed poblano, and broccolini.  No dessert, no way!  Too much good food.  Perfect place to go for special occasion or anytime.  Service was great and friendly on our visit and I would love to go again real soon, for lunch or dinner.  Or maybe just a glass of wine in the basement.
5	I could go on and on about this place but seems like everyone has already done that so i will say the Rokerji is fabulous. Upstairs is very upscale with a gourmet fare that will knock your socks off, and downstairs is a bar that is super swanky cozy dreamy and well my favorite bar in Phoenix. I highly recommend the happy hour. Just go, you will love it. If you don't want to drop a few hundred on dinner go for happy hour and try all the super cheap apps to get a feel for the place.
5	If you want your out-of-town friends to think you're the cool local - bring them here.  I've lived here for almost 5 years and only recently found out about The Rokerij.  Hell, it took me 5 tries typing the name in the search box to find it on here!Every time we've gone, we've eaten downstairs in the bar-area.  The crowd is a little more lively.  It's also closer to the alcohol.  As you're walking down it feels like you're in a castle -- everything is stone.  When you enter there's a roaring fire with a few arm chairs around it.  You can eat at the bar, tables, the couch.. the floor I suppose?  Plenty of seating (not JUST a bar)  It's a little like being in a ski lodge.  Anyway.. very cool atmosphere.I've heard mixed reviews from friends about their entree dishes.  They're a bit expensive.  We usually order a bunch of tapas dishes and share.  The last time we went we had four or five tapas and a bottle of wine.  We spent $60 or so with tip for the three of us and all left with a full stomach and a little hammered.  Great way to start the evening.
5	The BEST espresso martini in the city...... hands down!  The best time to go is for Happy Hour downstairs.  Can't beat the 1/ 2 price appetizers.  & everything on the menu is delicious.  & I have sampled most of it!For a romantic dinner, try the upstairs dining room.  There isn't anything bad about this place......... well, maybe except the parking.
4	Rok is probably one of the dopest joints in phoenix. If your trying to get a girl or guy to make out with you, I  highly suggest going to the down stairs bar and parking near the fire place. The service is awesome, every time I go the bartenders remembers my name, (I love that shit) the music is amazing one minute radiohead the next mgmt, really great stuff. The food is a bit pricey but you get a salad with most meals which is a rare thing these days. So overall Rok is a great spot to impress someone you want to make out with.
5	The Rokerji, similar to Dick's Hideaway in that they make you feel like a regular even on your first time.  While packed after work hours, it's worth the wait, even if you just get a seat at the bar.  The ceviche is a good snack while bellied up the bar, but almost like a salsa dip vs most other ceviche's I've had.The Surf and Turf has to be the best value on the menu, if you're a business dinner or casual night in Central Phoenix the Rokerji is a can't miss.
4	Rokerij was on my list of "Places to Eat by My Apartment" that was compiled by my fellow Yelpers. THANK YOU, I owe you guys my first born. Rokerij was fantastic. Give me a good meal, good wine with good friends, and Dottsy is one happy, blissful girl. It was Friday night around 7:30/8pm and the parking lot was PACKED. On round two of looking for parking we got a spot smack dab in front! When we walked in, we were told there was a 45 minute wait. When I looked over the hostess' shoulder, there were three bar stools sitting empty! YAY! We didn't want to eat huge meals because we were due for some country dancing after dinner! We decided to sample the variety of Rokerij by trying their small plate selection. We ended up ordering 6 small plates and a bottle of GREAT Zinfandel. Our selections were the following: White Bean and Garlic Bruschetta- This was one of my favorites. I am half Guatemalan and this plate reminded me of something my mother would make. The tangy cheese and mild creamy beans were a hit to me. My friends agreed it was good, but weren't crazy about it like I was. That's common. I tend to get really excited about simple dishes.Steak Tartare: This was my other favorite. The creamy mixture was made before our eyes. We watched the cook meticulously mix and mash the tartare to a creamy perfection. The only thing I would change on this is to make the bread that it's served on thinner. It seemed that our bites were overwhelmed by the thick, crusty bread. My guyfriend and I loved it. My girlfriend isn't a red meat eater so she passed on this one.Stuffed Mushrooms: These were tasty. I only ate one but it was stuffed with a crab meat mixture that was very meaty, not full of stuffing.Calamari: This was not a winner. It was served slightly cold, and it was more breading than a meaty bite of calamari. We all agreed we wouldn't be ordering that one again.Tomatillo Toasts: YUM! This was like an open faced tomatillo enchilada on bread, if that makes any sense. The tangy tomatillo was complimented by the salty and rich flavors of the jamon (thick cut ham) and grilled chicken. Again, I think thinner bread would be a good idea.New Mexican Sausages: This dish was savory and rich. I'm not much of a fan of sausages, but these were yummy! I only ate one because at this point I was hella full. The onions were cooked to sweet, glazed perfection and the sausages were meaty and not terribly greasy as far as sausages go.Will we visit Rokerij again? YES. I can see myself becoming a Rokerij fiend! This place impressed me. The service at the bar was hectic but it worked for us. We got to see a lot of "behind the scenes" things. Watching the open kitchen buzzing with non-stop action was amazing. I was fascinated watching the chefs cook a steak to wood fired perfection. Even watching the bread being sliced in 2.2 seconds was amazing! A small note, when it's a crowded night, Rokerij will limit your visit to 2 hours if you have a table. The only reason I know this is because there was a BIG scene caused when a party was asked give up their table and move to the bar. In Rokerij's defense, the table had been seated for 3 and a half hours. So just keep that in mind. Run, take a fast car, and some food loving friends to Rokerij and I hope you'll enjoy it as much as we did!
5	Chimayo Chicken, Cakebread and the corner circular booth by the seductive fireplace.  Five stars.  I finally made it here the other night.  An attempt to go here last summer was quashed by a kitchen fire.  Needless to say, the blue crab tostadas also impressed.  The ambiance at Rokerij is such that you just want to stay and relax for the rest of the night -- (I was late to my next Friday night stop!!). The dark cavernous feel of the place lends itself well to a special night out.  Wine service was adept and the server was refilling our chardonnay very regularly. The chimayo chicken was stellar - decked out and rolled with spinach, sundried tomatoes, poblano chile, asiago cheese and drizzled with an onion sauce and accompanied by mashed potatoes served in a green chile. A stunning combination of flavors -- spicy, smoky, rich and healthy at once.
5	I love this place. After going to Richardson's for years, I could not wait for the Rokerij to open. My favorite meal is the Rokerij Steak. A perfectly cooked tenderloin with dungeoness crab mixed with jalapeno hollandaise on top. The wine list is great too.If you are not in the mood for a sit down, you can always hang out at the bar, have a cocktail and order an appetizer.
5	Mostly I love the Rokerij just because I love saying the name.  But the food is also killer.  I had the most amazing chicken, and the sides, which usually I just take for granted as filler food, were sodelicious that they caught my attention in a big way.  I also tried my date's steak, and while it was fairly spendy, it sure seemed worth it.The feel of the place is great too, with the dark stone walls and coziness without feeling too crowded.  We ventured downstairs to look at the bar, and had we been there early enough to snag a couch I wouldn't have wanted to leave.It definitely feels like a splurge, or somewhere you'd take a business associate or date that you wanted to wow.  It's manages a high end feel, while remaining unmistakably local.  I can't say I'd suggest it just for any old night, but it will stay on top of my list for special occasions.
5	The ROK is simply, sexy. If you really want to make an impression head downstairs. It's like a speak-easy atmosphere with friendly bartenders. I went 2... make that 3 nights in a row. Yes, it's that scrumpthicous (I know its not spelled that way, but when your tongue is sticking out from drooling, thats exactly how its pronounced). Nice!  The menu is tip-top. Go with the small plates, they're fun and deee-lish. The music is played by an ibook/ itunes and I even heard Pete Rock & CL Smooth. That brought me back to ....92? Rad! Take Chris C's advice. You can totally make out with someone here. Flawless.
5	What a fine establishment. Words can not seriously describe how special this place is to me. I always, always, always take a new date here. Hands down, The Rokerij, is in my opinion the only place that sets the mood, provides the food, and will make the ladies drool. I can't afford to go there much, but it will forever be my favorite "first date" restaurant.
5	I don't put five stars down for anybody. However, the Rokerij is number one in my book. I love their apps!! I love it when you can find a place and you KNOW you love their food. Some have boring, conservative menus, like....well, I shouldn't say, but there's one on the SE corner of Camelback and 32nd. But the Rokerij has blue crab mini tostadas that surprise your mouth with their freshness, cold lettuce (it hasn't wilted on the way downstairs to the basement from the kitchen) and it's a snack, not a meal. So, you can taste four appetizers and enjoy tasting your favorites or finding new ones and not spend lots of money just getting full on one thing.They say the Rokerij basement is a cell-free zone. That's because as you descend each slate/rock step downwards, right off the wood front deck, the signal mostly won't go through! So, you can get in your uninterrupted girl talk or romantic moments with someone you want to be one-on-one with. I love the wood beams, the hammered copper bar, the leather furniture, the stone walls and the intimate fireplace. It's dark. And it feels good.I usually get those blue crab tostadas, shrimp and bacon wrapped scallops and the ceviche. But then, wouldn't you know, someone told me about a new favorite, steak tacos! Huh? I don't eat beef. Sort of. Bye bye ceviche!And the insider's secret that I will hate you for if you take my place at the bar (the offer is good at both the upstairs and downstairs bars...I just called to make sure the details were right), is that if you are sitting at the bar and order certain apps BEFORE THEIR clock strikes 6 pm, (4-5:59 pm on THEIR clock, very important), THEY ARE $5 EACH! Some don't get discounted. But my favs do! Tell them Roseann sent ya. They just learned I can have fun. I've been goin since they opened. I guess I just don't drink enough alcohol for them to see the fun side. Oh well. What can I say? Hangovers just don't cut it anymore. Although, the more car bombs you have, the more you can forget that. I learned. Again. Two weeks ago.
5	Admittedly, I have never been in the actual restaurant - only downstairs.  I don't consider downstairs as part of the restaurant, it's more casual and an atmosphere I prefer.  There is a certain underground flair at this place, it's dark, romantic, cool, and lounge-tastic.We usually go to take advantage of the small plates.  You can have scallops wrapped in bacon, blue crab tostada bites, brie and steak bites for under $25.  This is one of my favorite places, the food is always consistent and the staff is absolutely wonderful. Make this a staple in your week, especially after a hard day at work.
2	Eating Review of RokerijI want to like this place. Its a great setup and well done environment. The setting is stylish and dark so you want to sink into a booth and get down to eating some food.Unfortunately my first experience has left an impression that is less than stellar. My girlfriend and I had been wanting to try it out a few times. We got a booth by the fireplace and settled in for a nice meal.The specials are written up in chalk on the wall as you walk in which is a great method for displaying specials. We are both vegetarians that will eat fish and were excited by the plethora of fish dish choices on the specials board. This tends to say that a place can do fish.Our server was nice enough but when we asked for some recommendations he stared at us blankly and grabbed the menu like he hadnt eaten there in a while. This is a huge pet peeve for me. If a place is gonna charge $20 or more for an entree the staff better be trained on the dishes and be ready to give some recommendations. Show some passion and knowledge and sell me the good stuff.We ordered the White Bean Bruschetta to start. It was edible but lacking in flavor, maybe some salt wouldnt have hurt, but something more than just beans and toast please.Next was the soup of the day which had a lot of smoke flavor going on, not impressed.Finally we went with the sesame crusted fish with a melon salsa. This dish started off a disaster and just got worse. First of all the server brings it over holding it with a towel. As We shift plates around to make room he starts yelping a bit in pain. Not a great sign. Once he gets it set down we move to dig in but my lovely date brushes her arm on the plate and comes away with a pretty solid burn.This is just plain stupid. There is no need for a plate to be 200 degrees. Cook the food and then bring it out. Dont cook it at my table on the plate!Unfortunately the fish was not edible, at all. The melon salsa was horrid. We sent it back and still got charged.Rokerij I want to love you. There are a lot of folks on Yelp that love you but I have to say that for food you have not impressed me.
2	Went to Rokerij last week to celebrate my and my boyfriends sisters birthdays while family was in town.  As always it was my job to scout out a place (I usually do so well thanks to y'all on yelp!).  I was really excited when we pulled up because it was a free standing building that appeared to have a bit of history!We walked in to a VERY dark bar.  I think that during another occasion this would be fine but a family dinner...ehh.  (Keep this in mind...)Thank god we had a reservation because there was only 1 server on the floor and we sure knew it.  She reminded us every moment as we stared at our empty water and drink glasses.  Awful service!As for the food, they serve small plates, salads, entrees, etc...  A wonderful menu with specials posted on the wall that I wish I knew about.  Our server spit them off so fast that we believed she was on some kind of drug!  I went with the ahi salad which was a slip I think.  The tuna was good but lacking some flavor.  The fish was served on a bed of greens but no other veggies at all.  I love a good salad and any good salad has more than 2 ingredients...  Everyone else actually seemed pretty pleased with their food but this could have been because we did not get served until 1.5 hours after our reservation.Bad serviceokay foodbad serviceWon't be back...sad
4	Let me make myself clear, the only reason I am giving the Rokerij 4 stars is because of the downstairs.  This downstairs bar area of the restaurant has a taverny-old world-European feel to it.  It is usually crowded, but despite the crowd, the atmosphere still feels fairly intimate.  They have a decent wine list with friendly bartenders.  I enjoyed a nice Malbec which seems to be hard to come by here in Phoenix.  This is a great place to relax with a couple of friends or a casual date, but not a good place for large groups.As for the upstairs dining room...I was not impressed.  The restaurant attempts to keep a similar theme from the downstairs, but in a more fine dining way.  It doesn't really work.  I am a small person and the booths swallowed me up because they are so huge.  The booths have pillows but there is just something weird about sitting on a pillow to reach the table.  I felt like a child but not in a good way.Our server was great, she was new, but she did a great job.  I can imagine we would have stressed her out a bit more had we been more high maintenance.  The food, well, did not live up to its glory.  Let's just say I wasn't in a hurry to finish my food or willing to take anything home with me.  The food just missed something and was over powered by one particular sauce that left a terrible aftertaste.  To sum things up, check out the basement but avoid the dining room, the whole fine-dining thing is completely overrated.
4	One of the few places that I have eaten at with friends then taken my family to later on.  First a word of warning, this place is dark...not dark like medieval, but dark like the lights are not working.  My grandparents had a bit of a time making their way through but the staff was very good about assisting and getting us a table near the door.    The bar downstairs is very cool, if you get there and can find somewhere to sit.  I was enjoying it so much the first time I ate there that I didn't want to take the elevator upstairs when it was time to be seated for dinner.  The menu is varied and full of varied salads, meats, and pastas and the appetizers are just as good if not the best part of the menu. I am not a wine guy but those who were did their best to add several empty bottles to the collection in the wine racks on the walls.  They said that they enjoyed the selection and variety.  I enjoyed the selection of beer and tequilas.  Give it a shot, but wear your headlamp!
4	Tonight, I had a chance to show a brutha some culture.  When someone is taking me to dinner, I pick a place that I *know* is going to be a winner.  Rokerij didn't disappoint!  The parking lot was full, so I started to get scared that we wouldn't be able to get a table or have to *gasp* wait for one.At first, we had gone downstairs to eat there, but it was packed, so we headed to the restaurant.  From previous reviews, I was afraid it would be packed and we would have to find somewhere else to go eat.  I really wanted to impress the guy (HA even though he was buying!) and, luckily, there were a few empty tables upstairs.We were seated at the far end in a corner booth.  Any restaurants with booths get an A+ in my book.  I love sitting close to friends and a booth gives the perfect opportunity.Specials were neatly written on blackboards, but I was at a weird angle to read them.  Chris, our waiter, read them for us and explained each dish.  That was the high point of his service the rest of the night.As we perused the menu, our drink order was taken.  I really wanted to get the small plates and try a few different things, so we both chose 3 each.  I got the crab tostadas.  They were filled to the brim with crab, not too much dressing so the crab flavor wasn't drowned.  I also got the bacon-wrapped grilled shrimp (YUMMY!!!!) and the brie toasts.  Divine!  The cheese was melted perfectly, with just enough of its grease to soak into the bread.  I actually licked my fingers after each one.He got the skewered steak, shrimp on dirty rice and meat tacos.  The rice wasn't all that, but the rest of the dishes were superb!As we ate, and our drinks emptied, we had to call Chris over to get refills.  Not once had he checked on us during the meal.  It's the reason for 4 stars!  I was a bit disappointed in that.  For such a Valley favorite, I had hoped for a little more attention.Ambiance is key at Rokerij.  The smell of the wood-burning fireplace, the cozy booth and warm atmosphere gave me cause to want to go back again.  And, the brutha liked, it too!
3	The food is great, the wine list too and the service is decent, but... what do you say to your waiter who tells you your food is delayed because they're busy with a large party upstairs, or when you ask if they have champagne they tell you their three options, bottle only - $72, $220 and $440. Really, I said. Ok, then.  Ok, when I can get a decent bottle of Veuve Cliquot at Safeway for crying out loud for under $50... ?? where am I? oh, right. North of Camelback.  And it's freezing in there, now that it's in the low 60s at night outside, does it really need to be ultra-air conditioned inside? But...I did enjoy the Ferrari Carano, Siena Meritage 06 very much and as usual the beef tenderloin with French brie on toasts was delish! And the veal meatballs rival Lisa g's meatballs not in size but certainly in taste and flavor. My husband had the pasta dish on special, flat ribbon pasta with a cream chipotle sauce, bacon wrapped shrimp...mmh, it was good, but not fantastic.  The service, when you do get it, IS good, I think they were short-handed though - our waiter was also the solo bartender... oh, and another plus Chimay on tap. p.s....how could I forget!?  THE best caesar salad EVER. I'd go back just for that.
5	I have only been here once, but I really liked it and will be going back soon:) I met some friends here for happy hour one Friday after work and totally love it. They have awesome $5 plates in the bar and the portions are enough to share. We had the bacon wrapped scallops which came with four different sauces, they were excellent (and I'm not a big fan of scallops) and the mushroom and brie toasts (you can't go wrong when brie is involved). The food was awesome and the bartender recommended a glass of Cabernet for me, which was perfect. He didn't try to sell me on anything, he just listened to what I like and suggested I try this one. I wish I could remember what it was called, I guess I'll just have to go back. The ambiance is cool, the bar is downstairs, very cavern-like, I dug it. It is definitely someplace you could get cozy with your date, there is a big fireplace and lots of dark booths. The only complaint I had, which didn't even really affect me, it was so dark upstairs that I would not want to eat dinner there. It took my eyes a good two minutes just to adjust after walking in. I don't know how the staff works in that environment, but the bar was not as dark, and of course that lighting is more appropriate in an underground bar. The staff was really friendly and talkative, they were engaged in conversations with all of the guests sitting at the bar and they seemed to really enjoy being at work....rare in the service industry. Definitely check this place out, just don't sit in my seat at the bar.
5	WOW!!!!!!!! I am FURIOUS with myself that I have just NOW made it here. To call Rokerij a hidden gem is an understatement. One of the coolest places I've been in my life.It is cozy, intimate and sexy. You're at the top of your game if you bring a date here-you will wow them and they'll think you're the bomb (if they haven't been here). It's also a great place to just chill with a small group of friends. You nostrils will be tempted with the smell of a cozy fire and mouthwatering dishes before you even get throught the door. The upstairs dining room surrounds an open kitchen. Low lighting and a roraring fire-HELLO...need I say more?I highly recommend the downstairs cellar which has a long copper-top bar, along with a few tables-there is also a little cozyy nook/booth-PERFECT place to get a little romance on.The food is outstanding-I highly recommend the 3-plate/$25 offering. The portions are generous-plenty for two people to share.The bartenders downstairs are AWESOME and are always ready to make an enthusiastic recommendation if you can't decide. The music played downstairs is awesome too. EVERYTHING about this place is a awesome. My first night here was nothing short of PERFECT!!!!
5	I LOVE this restaurant. Perfect for a romantic dinner.
3	Knocking a star off for you Rokerij. Believe me, this hurts me more than it hurts you. I visited last Sunday and our service was friendly, but it didn't make up for the poor delivery of food and the problem with solving issues that we had. I have only had the small plates from Rokerij. This trip I decided to try some of their "New Mexican" offerings.  My appetizer order, which was specifically stated to be an appetizer, not an entree came with my entree. Considering the appetizer did not even have to be cooked (steak tartare), that's unacceptable. When I commented on it I got a "Ugh, I know, right?" Um...really? My entree which was the Rokerij sampler was meh. The best part of the dish was the benedict. The enchiladas were bland and plain old mush.  I had dinner with my best friend Amber, and my good friend Ayesha. Ayesha had me sample her enchiladas as she has specifically asked that she not be served pork. I bit into a bite of pork enchilada off of Ayesha's plate. When the waiter was flagged down, he said "Hm, not sure what to do about this." Really?? Luckily, before I went off like a powder keg, he offered to remake them. He didn't comp anything for the obvious mistakes that were made. I hope he realized that there were some boo-boos made when he saw his tip was so small. I hope to give back the star I just took away, but they're going to have to wow me to do that. It's too bad that this trip was so disappointing.
4	Only went to the downstairs bar, but cannot wait to return!  Very cool with the rock and copper features and leather couches.  We sat at the bar and were served drinks that you pour yourself.  Is this a new trend?  He gave us little glass bottles of tonic and coke with little spoons to stir our drinks with.  Those little spoons were so cute I was almost tempted to put them in my purse.  If another couple hadn't been hogging the fireplace the whole time, we would have sat there.  Maybe next time.  We'll try to food too.
4	We went on a double date the other night to Rokerij.  Funny I'd been wanting to go to Rokerij for a while now, and when we finally pulled up, I realized that I had been before!  (I guess I'm getting old or something and really losing it... I actually had been there once before when I first moved to AZ, not realizing what the name of the place was).I called to make a reservation a few days before the date and was told they could accommodate our group at upstairs, but not down unless we wanted to wait until 9:00.  Alright then... 7:00 upstairs worked!We were celebrating our engagement and our friends' being pregnant, and we had the perfect booth; kind of a half circle shape.  Lindsay was our waitress and took good care of us.  The atmosphere is dark but warm and cozy... perfect to walk into on a cold night!We decided to start with a few of the small plates to start... (both guys in our group are big eaters). They let me choose one of them and I chose the stuffed mushrooms - they are stuffed with crab meat and were delicious.  They also chose the spareribs (which I tasted and were quite tasty) and the bacon wrapped scallops.  For entrees, Jared and I took advantage of the $36 special which included our choice of meet, 2 salads, and 2 side items.  I chose the entrecote and probably would not choose that again.  It's a bone-in ribeye and was way too fatty... we enjoyed our spinach and Rokerij salads and our sides of broccoli and asparagus.  I probably could've just had the small plates and salad and been just fine.  We took home leftover meat for Minnie, so she was a happy dog that night!Instead of ordering dessert, we walked next-door to DQ - can't go wrong with that!Overall, I'd say our experience was 3.5 but I'll round up for now because Lindsay was a great waitress and we had fun with our friends.  I'll overlook the fact that one of the bussers spilled steak juice on me when delivering our entree... I won't rush back but I'll keep Rokerij in mind for future gatherings with small groups.
1	Really nice ambience, super nice. So nice that we wanted to stay and have a drink and something to nibble on in the downstairs bar. Unfortunately the server wasn't anywhere as nice as the ambience, she essentially kicked us out because we sat at table that was reserved (although there was no reserved sign) and didn't offer to help us find a seat in a full bar. So much for hospitality. They probably do have great offerings here in the food and drink category, but lots of other (nicer) places do too. So that's where we ended up going.
5	One word for Rokerij- LOVE! I have only ever been to the bar because it is so wonderful that I see no reason to go beyond it. Great strong drinks for a reasonable price, amazing appetizers don't miss the roasted garlic plate and the charcuterie platter) and the ambience can't be beat. I can't think of a better way to spend a winter evening then being posted up in the club chairs around the fire there with a vodka and soda in hand and a garlic plate on the hearth. We need more places like the Rokerij in Phoenix!
5	I will admit right up front, I have never eaten dinner at the Rokerij.  I have, however had happy hour there about a dozen times, and that experience deserves a consistent five stars. They have recently modified the specifics of happy hour for the better, currently it is $5 small plates, house wines and well drinks from 4-6 PM and 11- Close every night.  All of the small plates are top notch food.  I personally recommend the soft tacos with Adovada, Brie and Tenderloin Toasts, or Bacon Wrapped Scallops.  However, there are about 12 other options and all of the ones I have tried have been excellent. Steven is the regular bartender and is extremely courteous.  The music is also a highlight, it is played off an old mac laptop, and features a mix of classics and cutting edge indie rock.  I love the downtstairs bar, great atmosphere for what little winter Phoenix has to offer.
5	Ok...I went back after great anticipation. I still love this place. I had the same wine as last time and I still cannot remember the name of it, but man, it is good (maybe the reason I can't remember the name is because I had too much of it). I went again for happy hour on a Friday, it is dangerous that this place is so close to my work. This time we had to sit at the bar upstairs because the one downstairs was packed. I really love the open kitchen. You can watch them prepare all of your food right there in front of you. Our bartender was awesome, joked around with us, talked wine with my friend who worked at vineyard for years, and gave us some great recommendations for Riojas that he thought we would enjoy. I love service like this, that is why I will keep coming back, people who genuinely like their guests and enjoy their jobs. The awesome food at $5 a plate doesn't hurt either:)
5	I stopped by for happy hour on my birthday we went to the bar downstairs and it was really dark it kind of reminded me of a dungeon. Happy hour here is amazing! We ordered crab tostadas, onion rings, mushroom brie bruschetta, and steak tacos. Everything was delicious you definitely get your moneys worth here! The only thing I didn't like is that they didn't have a martini menu and the bartenders didn't know how to make any of the drinks I wanted except for bacardi and diet . I loved the atmosphere it was upscale yet down to earth and the food was amazing. Where else can you get bacon wrapped shrimp for $5?
4	I'm only going to review the Bar in the basement. It reminds me of a place I know in Boston and has the same charm and class. I recommend the happy hour during the week, excellent price for appetizers. Dinner is dinner upstairs, food is excellent- price is not.....
4	Great place for Happy Hour! The downstairs bar is very dim and the ambiance with the copper bar and fireplace is so cozy. It gets a little warm if you are sitting at the bar across from the fireplace, but this is also probably the brightest spot in the room so you can actually read the menu.  :p I had the house Chardonnay and bf had the house cab for $5. We tried the tenderloin toasts, beef skewers, carne tacos, and bacon wrapped scallops and they were all good. I enjoyed a couple of the dipping sauces that came with the scallops and skewers (the same 4 sauces came with both) and the 5 different toppings on the small tacos. We were stuffed when we left. We will definitely be back.
4	Great business lunch place!Atmosphere is as described in other reviews - cozy upscale - and the coziness is just right for a business lunch. The booths have plenty of space for laying out notes, etc., without being cramped.  The sound level is perfect - easy to hear your companions (unlike Richardson's), yet muted enough that people at the next table don't hear everything. Also, it's sophisticated enough to avoid the "date" atmosphere so dreaded in a business lunch locale.  Tasty choices for all palates, though vegetarian selections are pretty much limited to some salads.I've tried to hit the happy hour a few times but the happy hour prices are limited to those seated at the hard-to-get bar seats.  If you are not there early, don't plan on the happy hour deals.
3	I've been here over a dozen times. There are good things and not-so-good things about this place.The good: the atmosphere downstairs. This is exactly what a great cozy martini/wine bar should feel like - the dented copper bar, the iPod music, the big TV with sports that is somewhat incongruous but at the same time fits so well. The fireplace.The service rocks, most of the time. I think I've had a few sullen servers at times - and some that aren't so knowledgeable about the menu - but for the most part, the bartenders rock.The apps are why you should come here, especially during happy hour. Almost every one of them is phenomenal. The crab on the tostadas is my favorite, followed by the tenderloin toasts. The scallops are great, also.The bad: The actual meals. I shouldn't say *bad*, but I've always been less than impressed by my meals here. I had a fish with mango salsa dish once that was borderline terrible. The Osso Buco is meh, and the steaks are good but not great.The prices. Bring your best plastic cuz yer gonna drop at least a bill for two people - probably more like two bills. Martinis and glasses of wine run 12-14, and meals are 25-30ish. All the prices really seem amped up a notch compared to the actual quality of the food/drink you're getting; I suppose you pay for the atmosphere.Conclusion - come here for happy hour drinks and appetizers. Skip coming here for a meal, and head down the street to the Barrio. If you're gonna spend a fortune, might as well enjoy it.
5	Oh if only the girlfriend ate meat, this would be the place for us.  As such her review is two star, and mine is five, and never the twain shall meat.  I mean meet.This place has an old school charm and feel.  Dimly lit, fireplace, cozy, and tons of tasty meat.  I had a spicy pork roast and glass of malbac that I can confidently claim was my favorite meal of the week in PHX.Its not cheap, but its certainly not a bad value either.  This is a classy place that I wish I could use for special occasions - if only they did a little more chicken.  Nobody's perfect, but for me, this place is as close as it gets.
4	Happy Hour now starts an hour earlier from 3-6 pm. Don't try the stuffed mushrooms, they were really salty. They have a pretty good creme brulee too. Still love the food and the atmosphere of the downstairs bar. When we walked out I noticed that they have a dinner special for 2 written on the chalk board just before you walk into the restaurant. You each get to choose a cut of beef (I think there were about 4-5 to chose from), a salad, and a side (about 4-5 to choose from also) for $36. Sounds like a great deal. We'll have to come back and try it out.
4	Love this spot. Could be the fact that I live around the corner or could be the spot on food. They have 2 happy hours with $5 dollar apps that are enough to keep you full. I always sit downstairs. I call it my "dungeon". Pretty tricky to get up the stairs after a few cocktails, hence the indoor elevator for the tipsy patron. I always order the tenderloin skewers and bacon wrapped sea scallops. I take dates here and they all love it. We sit by the fire and it's low key. Great place to just sit and be relaxed. If you go early, hard to find a seat (place is very small) and the service is slow sometimes.
5	This is a favorite GEM of ours in the middle of north central phoenis.  We ALWAYS take the stairs down to hide out in the basement with the BEST bartender in the world - STEVE (aka Jared) we love you. The scallops are my favorite, as are the brussel sprouts, the BEEF, and the desserts.  The vodka and soda gives you a shot of vodka in a glass with ice and you pour the soda...watch out! :-)I DO recommend it, and don't worry about the crowds...just call ahead and reserve a table in the basement and you'll enjoy your relaxing evening.
2	Sadly, I am forced to agree with Leslie M who wrote on 4/10. This was one of my favorite places to visit, to introduce newcomers to, treat family and friends, and for a time I'd visit once every two months or so. My previous three visits have not gone so well; I'll relate my latest visit which took place just over a week ago. A friend attempted to make reservations for two on a Thursday. He was told that due to a policy change by  Richardson, a reservation for two on a Thursday could no longer be taken, as there was disappointment that their business for tables of 4 or more were suffering. Okay, I can understand, business decisions have to be made, but cut your nose off to spite your face? However, the woman that answered the phone let us know there should be no problem getting a table. I was seated shortly before my friend arrived so I had a chance to look over the menu. To my surprise, some changes have been made. First, a salad choice (and they're all very typically very yummy), anyway, a choice is no longer offered. Instead, the house salad is offered at $4 with the entree purchase. Next, a statement is now printed across the top of the menu letting the patron know "you order it, you bought it"...is this REALLY necessary? While the server and busboy were friendly and helpful (my water glass was never empty), my $4 house salad arrived about 90 seconds before our entrees did. Oh, the accompanying bread was hard as stone and arrived with my salad, while an attentive server should have brought it along just after our drinks were served, as my dinner partner hadn't ordered a salad. Oh, my friend, he's typically a big fan of the Steak Rokerij, and absolutely loves the crab/hollandaise sauce mixture. As normal, he asked for more sauce. On this visit, we found $10 added to the check for that request. We found that unusual for Rokerij. Things have certainly changed. I was willing to overlook these changes, after all, the economy is poor these days. I excused myself to use the men's room. After all, we did have Chimay (Rokerij has never had a wide beer selection). I found the towel basket to be so PACKED with paper-towels, I couldn't get one out of the basket, which is on a vanity so small, when you turn the water on, the towels become soaked. This explains the stained, linen towel basket liner...the stains were grays and greens. Overall, I feel that these things add up to failing to pay attention to detail. It's a shame really. I really hope the best for Richardson and hope Rokerij can return to it's former self.
4	Ok, I've been a big Richardson's fan since back in the day and love the Rokerij as well. I've been going there since literally before it opened (the dry run) and have always had good food and service that ranges from acceptable to great with one notable exception. On that occasion I called and complained just to make the manger aware and she made it right and made it impossible to complain any further. This is an insider place that I tell and take out of town business guests to as well. Although I liked it more before the remodel when it was a bit more formal and different from Richardson's. Now the menus are much more similar but Rokerij has tapas items, I think they call small plates almost all of which are awesome, especially the Brie Toasts with Steak. I remember when they first changed the menu we went in and someone said, "Wait a minute, this is the same as the damn Richardson's menu", we looked at each other and said, "Sweet" and enjoyed our meals anyway. My cork-dork friends like the wine list and I like the cocktails. The atmosphere is nice but casual, dark wood, big booths, fireplace and etc. they have a decent bar downstairs (and one upstairs as well) where you can also eat if you want to sit in a line at the bar (also three booths and another fireplace with couch and club chairs) but it makes me a bit claustrophobic to be locked in there. Parking is easy with the new lot they added and the place is busy most nights of the week so if you are going with a group call ahead.
5	My favorite restaurante in Phoenix. I live in Ahwatukee, so it's a drive but its worth it. Great place to take out of town friends and dont miss the downstairs bar. We need more places like this in town, particularly in the East Valley which has nothing but chains.
4	I've heard about this place for years and finally made my way down the stairs!  We were deciding to go out, somewhere between Arcadia and Union Hills.  Many names came to mind like Richardson's ( so sad to hear of the fire!) , Dick's Hideaway, Bomberos, but we decided on the Rokerij.  The staff is friendly, attentive and on it!  There are only 3 tables for dining downstairs and there was a wait, which is fine.  We noshed on the stuffed  mushrooms and bacon wrapped shrimp while lounging on the sofa near the fireplace.  They had ESPN on and the Tour recaps were looping, music playing at a nice level and it wasn't crowded at all.  We had a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, perfect with the apps.Great experience overall - I will return!
4	I love non-chain restaurants to begin with, and this place exemplifies the attention to detail and wholly pulled-together ambiance that a great one-off place could be. I went with my Dad, who was in town for the day. Bonus points for having a few plasmas playing the ballgame, but not too many. Classy and understated all the way. New Mexico themed fare, whatever that is. It is basically a seafood/steakhouse with a bit of extra spicy kick to everything. I went with the Pasta and Grill, which consisted of a small medallion of steak, some chicken (with the added kick) and swordfish with a spicy chutney over the top. Served over beans and rice, with half the plate offering up some pretty damned tasty penne. Went great with a glass of wine, and not too much damage on the wallet. We got out of there for $60 plus a tip. One of my new favorites. Interesting note; my Dad said if I didn't pull him in here, he would have "driven right by the place and not even knew it was there". On the way out, a busboy stopped my Dad and asked "do I know you from somewhere?" My Dad said he was the guy from the KYOT voice overs, and gave his best "Kay-why-oooooh-teeeeee". Nice.
3	I came here for a business lunch, a group of four and ate upstairs.  Great atmosphere, I loved the fact that in the dead heat of the AZ summer you can step inside and it feels really nice to have the fireplace going and nice and cool with no windows.  The food was ok, it seemed grossly overpriced for what you get, although the portions are quite large.  I got the blue corn smoked turkey enchiladas Xmas style, and their red chile is completely heads and shoulders above their green (although I am spoiled for green chile as I am in NM 10-15 times a year).  The pork adobada looked really good, and the beef tenderloin with crab hollandaise got rave reviews (the last diner ordered a salad, so no credit either way).  Service was good, and I would definitely come back to try the small plates that were listed during happy hour and check out the downstairs lounge, but can't recommend the entrees for the price
3	This place WAS it, but it seemed to have lost it's special touch.(cellar review)I ordered the quesadilla-- big mistake, not good.  boooo.  It was micro sized and mega priced.  $16 for a steak quesadilla that seriously did not taste good.  Very disappointing.  One thing that is never disappointing are the drinks-- always very special and made well.  How do people sit by the fire in the cellar when it is 110* outside?
5	Went here last night to grab drinks with a friend and had a blast.  The place was pretty empty in the downstairs bar so the bartender was at our service.  I didn't catch his name, but he has a shaved head and makes the best drinks!  The gin gimlet was perfect, not too strong or too sweet.  The dirty Stoli martini was even better....oh how I love a good martini!  Then he took the reigns with our drinks after that.  My friend had a chocolate martini and then something that tasted like a raspberry creamsicle.  Both were sweet but delicious!  And I had a blueberry lemondrop and an appletini.  Don't judge me on the appletini!  I just wanted a green drink!  They were all good and we were in reverse happy hour so we got the tenderloin skewers and bacon wrapped scallops for $5 a plate.  They were huge bites for only $5 a piece and I loved the sauces that came with it.  I'm coming back for sure, but only if the bartender is there!  I love the drinks!  Put anything in a martini glass and I'm there!
5	I may have found a new fav with good New Mexican food..but with a bit of flair.. and a bit of class.... Its a cool, bit of a homey feel with flair... and a country home feel.. LOVE the bar downstairs... Small plates is a big thing in DC, where I lived for a bit, so I am always excited when I see it on a menu anywhere here... and done right.. Not just some hummus or dip tossed on a plate and one calls it a 'tapas':-) I didnt have any of the small plates tonight... I was full truly from the pre dinner events.. BUT had to have the pork enchiladas.. and everyone else had the adovada... Mine was awesome, but I had order envy, bc I tasted theirs and it was a firey delight... wanted it and couldnt steal and get away with it... not in this crowd, at least. The waiter was pleasant.. He didnt really know how to pair the wine with the carne adovada... but suggested a couple and brought samples.. cool beans.. Euro style, as it should be done before you buy a bottle. Be warned...the chile is HOT... and if you order..it is yours... warning on menu.. Score one for this restaurant... I love it..
4	We visited rokerij Sunday in their downstairs bar. We always love going in for their happy hour! Great small plates for $5 each between 3pm and 6pm. We learned that they have half off bottles of wine sun, mon, and tues! The food and service is always great.However, we were sad to hear that they are not doing the reverse happy hour late night that we frequent to often. Where are we going to go now? Anyone have suggestions for a new late night happy hour with great food?
5	I've lived here for 6 years and FINALLY made it to the Rokerij.  I have to say I was intimidated because I had no idea how to pronounce it.  How would I tell people about it without looking the fool?  Well, it's pronounced Rowkurree (long O, long E and silent J at the end).  Now there's no excuse for you not to try it.Definitely go downstairs and hang out in the basement.  Very loungy and killer peeps to chat with.  Food is just amazing.
3	As loyal Richardsons fans, we went to the Rokerij for the first time when we found out it served a full Richardsons menu, YAY! First the good: the cellar bar is fabulous, love the ambience, the bartender and the fireplace. will definitely go back there.the not so good: we had a reservation for table at 8pm, got sat down at 8:20-that is ok, and understandable considering the great food. our bartender offered us dinner in the cellar bar but we wanted to the whole rokerij experience so we waited for our table. we sat, and sat and sat, when our waitress did stop by, we told her how happy we were to be there and what huge fans of richardsons we are. We ordered, and waited and waited. Our waitress had another table that she was far more interested in than us and our service was subpar, a disppointment considering how excited we were to be there. The food was good but not the quality of Richardsons, something different. We paid our bill and quietly left, unacknowledged. We will return to the cellar bar for drinks and to Dicks hideaway for dinner and continue to anxiously await the reopening of our beloved Richardsons.
5	A place with tons of character amidst the jungle of strip malls.If you have not ventured to the Rokerij, it is time to do so quickly. I highly recommend going there for happy hour in the wine cellar like bar. Caution: be careful when you are trotting down the stairs, they are steep. Totally worth the risk though.Once downstairs you are immediately greeted by the lovely fireplace as well as the lovely music and delightful smell that fills the air. During happy hour, all small plates are $5, which gives you the perfect opportunity to eat your way through various dishes.The drinks are also lovely, and the wine list is superb. I highly recommend the brie toasts and  chile relleno. All dishes are full of flavor with a nice little kick to awaken the senses. Aside from happy hour, the brunch menu coupled with mimosas or bloody marys is the perfect hangover cure.Ambiance: AService: APrice: B+Food: A+
3	This is a friendly bustling neighborhood-type place which I love.  The three stars only are for having fish on the menu that isn't up to the standards of their beef dishes and apps. Sea bass smothered in a sweet and sour sauce with chiles, not very fresh and overcooked --uggh.  However, I did croon over my neighbor's beef dish. The crab mini-tosadas are really good. And the vegetable side dishes-all of them, including brocolini, brussel sprouts, potato in a pot, and asparagus--are commendable.  Great atmosphere!! Have fun.
5	This is an unbelievable place. Supremely unique, surprisingly high quality, and has the most amazing atmosphere of any restaurant in the area. The grotto bar downstairs, which you access through the stone encased stairwell, is the ultimate downstairs bar in Arizona. From the stamped copper bar top, to the fireplaces, and the dark sexy booths in back, it's the perfect place to rendezvous. Upstairs, you'll find an upscale version of what Richardson's was before it burned. Hardwood floors, adobe circular booths, wine cellar walls, another bar, and a beautiful fire make it a very intriguging dining room. They are users of Pandora Radio, so they have all sorts of variety playing over the airwaves. The food is fantastic. Some of the highlights are the Rokerij Benedict, an english muffin topped with tenderloin, crab, egg, and jalapeno hollandaise. Try the Surf & Turf if you are truly hungry which is a couple of bacon wrapped shrimp, a crab enchilada, and a tenderloin. Both dishes are incredible, but perhaps not as much as some of the small plates you'll find, like the tenderloin toasts, topped with double creme brie, or the ubiquitous roasted garlic plate. Currently, they are also serving Richardson's menu, and in addition to the dozen or so specials on the chalk board nightly, one could dine here every day for a month and never have a duplicate meal. Rokerij is a true neighborhood hangout with unique food, friendly people, and an atmosphere you cannot find elsewhere.
5	My fav restaurant in Arizona!Everything just works!Do yourself a favor, call a few days in advance and reserve a table in the cellar. Dark, sexy and the perfect setting for a date. The bartender Steve is by far the best there is.Try to arrive for happy hour and order the small plates. You wont want a meal after you eat them. $5 each during happy hour or $9 each during peak times. Also to get the deal, you have to be seated AT the bar and not at any of the surrounding tables. Kind of lame but whatever.My dad is a big steak guy who lives in NY and gets only the best. The Rokerij's steaks rival some of Manhattan's top joints like Sparks!Beer selection is solid, although they could use a few more draft selections and the wine list is good.Again--don't even bother dining upstairs. Enjoy the dark cellar, dimly lit by the fireplace, with The Cure, Coldplay and other great bands rotating on the cd player.
5	So the funny thing about good restaurants is that you almost don't want to tell anyone about them and make it so you have to wait to get in.  That is how I pretty much feel about Rokerij.  I made the mistake of telling my soon to be ex husband about it (prior D day) and now I have to worry about him showing up with HIS gf and I am there with.... someone.  Sooo.. that being said, I really like this restaurant.  Can I tell you tho that I ONLY go downstairs to eat.  Waaay cooler.  Stairs are a little tricky down... kinda thinkin that they are not up to code and an accident waiting to happen...maybe I could get a free meal?  Hmm.. ok, back to the restaurant.  The downstairs bar is a funky copper and there are 2 seats in front of the big fireplace (I never get the chance to sit there darn it) and all the seating in the restaurant (upstairs and down)is booth.  Love that.  Much more cozy.   Their wine selection is pretty good.  I pretty much have the Klinker Brick red all the time.  My fave dish there is their cornflake crusted halibut w/ salsa.  Deelish!  And their corn side is amazing.. roasted corn and the main man and I were stabbing each other over it.  He always has the mashed potatoes as a side and they come in this little kettle that is super hot. Just warnin you.  I am not much of a potato person but he says that they are good so I will have to take his word.  I even like their house salad.. has chunks of bleu cheese and if I remember right, cranberries.  Btw, Rokerij, you used to have spiced pecans in the salad too but they are gone.  I have a very sad face right now .  Sooo.. that's what I think.. the Rokerij is  a great date place (but only plan on bringing someone you are really into otherwise later when you break up you may have an embarrassing encounter there) and perfect for the holidays!
3	Definitely a cool spot, with a great downstairs bar. The decor upstairs is unique too. Serving Richardson's menu in the meantime, but something is missing when compared to Richardson's. I can't put my finger on it, but I don't get the same feeling. Worth visiting for sure.
4	It has come to my attention that I have not reviewed Rokerij. Clearly this is a travesty of justice so I'm here to make things right in the world. I've been to Rokerij twice now and both times left fat and happy. and buzzed. I dined at Rokerij on Sunday evening; it was a "Saves the Day" moment because the first choice restaurant fell through and Dottsy was starving and reaching for my throat. We booked it to Rokerij and sat at the sexy copper bar, ready to partake in some small plate action. As everyone has mentioned, the happy hour deals are for the bar only, between 4-6PM. They are running a new wine promotion too: Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, all bottles are 50% off. Yay! I ordered all the seafood plates: mushrooms stuffed with crab, ceviche, ahi tuna w/ wasabi, and crab tostadas. With the Long Boat Sauvignon Blanc in hand I was in heaven. I like that the bar is dark and cozy, though I noticed a light was actually out above me, making it near impossible to see my menu. The Happy Hour deal rocks, but it does make me sad not to be able to sit in those comfy leather chairs by the fire sipping wine and stuffing my face on ultra-cheap eats. Rokerij is a solid performer, and probably deserves that 5th star, but I'm holding off until I finally dine in the main restaurant and enjoy one of their delicious sounding entrees.
5	Ate here again for my birthday last week.   Just can't get away from the food.   The fish is very fresh, and cooked just right.   If available, find one of the 4 tables downstairs in the small bar.  There is no doubt this is the place to wind down from a busy week.
4	This place is sexy...... woh.This is a review of the downstairs loungey sexy area, not the regular dining area. Is there a regular dining area? huh... don't remember seeing it.Anyway, the "small plates" menu is divine like jesus. I'm not kidding. The Beef Tenderloin Toasts were as much of a religious experience as I'll allow myself to have. The Ahi Tuna with wasabi salsa *blush* caused me to mush mouth the words "ohhhh muhhh gawww" while I was still chewing my food. I don't do that. Ever. It's just nasty. The Blue Crab Tostadas were light and refreshing, the perfect compliment to the rich tenderloin. The wine... let's just say I like me some wine. The only complaint I have is that the bartender needed a trim. Seriously... his hipster do was getting in his line of vision and anytime we needed anything I had to flash him to get his attention. Okay, not really but you get the point. In closing: This place will make you forget what you were fighting about. Trust me on that. :)The end
2	Dear reader.... Before you decide if this place is great... think about what else you consider great.  When you were 17 and you took a date to Olive Garden, okay, you get a pass.  BUT, if you ever ever ever went on a date to Outback, or Red Lobster... just stop right now.  You will think this place is just amaaaaazing.  So come out, enjoy their food and on the way home jump out into traffic. (Please do that behind me, so as not to make me late to work.)Okay, that said... This place struggles from an identity crisis.  Rokerij, who are you appealing to?  The fools that think that this is a classy joint because their previous best date was to Applebees?  OR are you a really good place?  This place should not have a $12 chicken sandwich with fries on the same menu as a $43 steak.  Choose one direction and stick with it.  I called up at 6pm on a Saturday, first available reservation was for 9pm.  This is a good sign.  I take the reservation and then went for a hair cut at Urban Hair... see my other review, they rule.We get to Rokerij at 830ish.  I walk in the door, and apologize to the staff who are clearly at a waiter station.  We must have walked in the side door.  Whoops!   No, thats the front.  Wait, what?  A friggin computer screen and some silverware, thats the front?  No no, it cant be... oh yes.  Yes, this is phoenix.  Yes, this is the front.  Okay, okay... im cool... whatever.  We will be downtstairs having a drink.The bar downstairs is okay.  Some 50 yr old dude trying to flirt with a 20something girl.   Standard.   We have martinis.  Not bad, the bartender made it okay.  Chopin vodka.  He didnt really know what to do with the vermouth, but it was okay.  I chat with my friend, we are sitting on a couch, its pretty fun so far.  A server comes down and says, "your table is ready"  Cool.  We stand up.  She goes over and starts talking to the 50yr old male cougar and his little cub.  We wait.... finally i walk over to her.  AH HEM... should we just go upstairs?  She turns  "yep, i said it was ready."  Oooooh no.  You had better walk my ass right up to my table.  Nope, i can already tell the service is going to be abysmal.  We walk upstairs.  We wait there for almost 5 min.  Then i grab a bus boy and in broken espanol, i ask him... neccecitamos una mesa... ya dig?  He starts wiping down a table.  I ask my date... why the hell do we have reservations again?  Then as we are being seated, a hostess girl says, "oh your table is over here"  WELLL princess, thanks so much for telling me that 10 min ago....  and we sit. The waitress comes over and says "what can i get ya?"  Excuse me Maude... what is this a diner?  Can i get a slice a pie and a glass of manners?  I ask her what her name is... i then introduce myself and start to read some of the specials off of the wall.  She gets the hint.  I hate my decision to come here.  We order more martinis... Vodka might make this better. We order some specials... i get meat, lots of it.  The food is very good, though pricey.  Im still annoyed that there is a $10 cheeseburger on the menu.  Dont get me wrong, i love a PBR and a Burger... just not what i was expecting after all of the reviews i read.  When the time comes to order dessert, i think to myself... seriously, lets just stop at starbucks.  We get our check.  The bottom line.  This place has good food, but is not a fancy joint.  If people said, its a decent bar with good food, i would say: "heck yes, 4 stars, just needs some better service."  But they think they are classy, and so does yelp... its not.  Frankly, It shouldnt have anything on the menu over $27.  The service is friggin dreadful.  A half drunk toddler could manage this place better.   That is all...
5	Poo poo on all the naysayers. Rokerij is bad ass, which is why it is always wicked crowded. The ambiance is a teeny bit cowboy, some rustic Flagstaff, some Old-world European, and ALL sexy - grotto staircase leading to dim and plush with roaring fireplaces scattered about. The menu is diverse - plenty of funk and weirdness for the more adventuresome, but some more traditional favorites for your conservative friends. All I care about is that they still make me my beloved veggie quesadillas, bursting with roasted broccolini and corn and filled with just the right amount of cheese, served on a wooden cutting board with two kinds of fresh, flavorful, and just-enough-spicy salsa. It's so good, it keeps me from trying the small plates, which sound scrumptious.I'm not sure where all the bitching and moaning about the service come from. Our last visit here was on a packed and swinging Saturday night where we had to wait an hour for a table. Our server was prompt, attentive, and competent, although some odd comments ("What a good looking table! Are you brother and sister?") left us scratching our heads. The crowd is entertaining as well, although I don't think you'd find me scrounging around for a date. Lots of cougars and cougars-in-training with flashy jewelry and spray on tans. Despite this potentially stiff crowd, the place was lively and everyone seemed to be having a perfectly good time. The crowd may overlap somewhat with the 40th St/Campbell BMW- and Range Rover-driving MILF yuppie sect, but somehow it all seems a lot less pretentious here. The word is that the neighboring DQ is going to be torn down to make room for the rebirthed Richardson's. Woo! Between Rokerij and Richardson's, this corner is going to rival 40th St & Campbell. I can't wait!
4	This place rocks! A dark, ambivience atmosphere- perfect for a romantic dinner or a group of friends. I reserved  a table for a party of 8  for New Years Eve dinner. And they were very accommodating for us. They offer a good selection of seafood, steak and  if you are looking for smaller, try the small plates. You can get one, two or even three for a reasonable price. I had seared ah-tuna and mushroom-brie mini bruschetta toasts for my small plates and they were perfect! They also have great salads. They place is usually crowded and especially on a holiday evening even more so and noisy so if you are looking for quietness, not here! But if you are like me and enjoy the patrons as a part of the dining establishment, shouldn`t bother you! I get a kick out of people watching as well. I`m waiting for Richardson`s to come back but in the meantime will be back here for more!
5	So many things are right on with the Roke, food, drink, ambiance (if you're into dark sexy places) and if that's not enough catch bartender Stephen downstaairs, djing off his playlist of choice and it makes for a perfect evening. Get there between 4 and 6 for amazing small plate prices and it's quite possibly a perfect night.
4	Rokerij is a great spot to get away from Phoenix.  The basement bar/lounge is really unique for Phoenix.  Steve, the bartender, left an excellent impression.If you want food after 9:45, you'll need to go elsewhere.  I don't know why they don't stay open later.
4	Mmm... just by exiting your car in the teeny tiny parking lot you can smell the smoke of the kitchen doing its thing... like a cartoon character being led by a visual scent you follow it into the restaurant... but make sure to watch your step!This is where I go to have a American (New Mexican) version of Tapas dining! And if you can help it, grab a bar stool down in the Basement Bar at happy hour to score the deals! I love the cozy ambiance of the entire restaurant, but going down the stairs and into a basement in Phoenix is a rare experience--and this one in particular transports you to another place and time... LOVE IT. It's very romantic and old world feeling. Sometimes I expect a pirate to come down and order a drink!I like to eat here tapas style, grabbing up the small plates off Rokerij's menu. During happy hour there's a lot of $5 deals but a lot of the un*ed options are too enticing to NOT try. The last time I went I went ALL SURF. Blue Crab Tostadas on the thinnest crisp blue corn tortilla chip I have ever had and the Bacon Wrapped Scallops. And to round out my 2-course small plate meal... I got the GCP... a side that Richardson's restaurants are known for: the infamous Green Chile Potato. In the past, I have also had the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp... I may like this MORE than the scallops as it is not as subtle a flavor and really mingles perfectly with the bacon.If you opt for the dining experience on the main level, they have big booth seating and a bar upstairs as well. They also have a big room in back for bigger parties! When dining in that room it feels special somehow. I love the big chalk boards that list all the daily specials... they are really Surf and Turf Specialists with SO MANY choices it's ridiculous... but in a good way! Just wait as the Waiter/Waitress attempts to rattle all of them off for you!Word of slight caution, because it's New Mexican cuisine, they do like to add heat to their sauces. And a word about sauces... they like to drench dishes in them, so if you don't like that, have them put it on the side for your discretion.And last, I will leave you with a story you would only get at a restaurant chain that has burning embers in its web address. I was dining with co-workers on a business lunch and one of our party was approached by the waitress with an apologetic look on her face. She told him that she was sorry but that his order fell into the fire in the oven and that she had forgot what it was (The Mahi Mahi Sandwich) and needed to get the order it again. What? Really?! Yes, really! They whipped out his meal part deux quickly after that but I still think that's pretty darn funny and not something you'd hear about just anywhere!
3	Well, we hit this place up with a guest from out of town. Richardson's is usually our stop, but you know it burned down:(....Everything was great, except the service. The service was sort of not with it, but she did check on us and stuff. Just sort of "lights on nobody's home" head in the clouds. She wasn't horrible, but not what you expect when ordering a $22 entree. I like the prices and ambiance here, even better they took reservations for our party of 4. Overall its a great way to break out of the rut. Wish they'd opena lunch place with lighter offerings downtown.
4	Per other reviewers,,this place is difficult to find if just visiting,,not difficult in that it's in an off the wall location or intricate to get to but signage is minimal and its not surrounded by much. If you park in the back and come in through the door that says customers entrance be prepaired to think you walked in through the kitchen becasue you kind of, did.  The host kind of pointed us to our table as others mentioned,,we walked past once and had to ask where he wanted us again,,not a great start,,,BUT,,and its a good but,,the food was amazing. The amount of tastes in this place was like a culinary Crayola box. We stumbled in on 1/2 price wine night which is Sunday-Monday-Tuesday,,,yeeehah!   Nice moderate list to begin with gets downright cheap at 1/2 price, Altos Malbec and Shegesio zin nice. Wait staff took a bit to get to us but was great throughout. Starters were asavado tacos, brie, turkey relleno,,all were very good. I had the blackened pork tenerloins with apple chile sauce,,amazing,,sweet with a hint of heat but overall amazing.  Others had cheese steak, mixed fish grill, Rokerij steak and enchiladas,,all very good. The inside really is a mostly bar with great food so be prepared for some rowdy locals but this place is killer on teh food side and you can go for a 4 star meal in jeans which is what I'm always looking for,,,just a great spot that I will return to in Phoenix any day!
1	this place looks really nice.  The ambiance was great, but the food blechk!  I ordered the lamb and it was basically just fat.  My Beau ordered the schnitzel and it was salty.  Our waitress was rude, and our bill was 100!  (2 entrees a bottle of wine and 1 appetizer)  When we got home my beau was up all night throwing up.  It was horrible!  In their defense after calling several times, they reimburssed our bill.  That was the first time I've ever called and complained anywhere.  I used to be a server so I know how it is sometimes, but this was just terrible!
4	Ah, the Dungeon. How I miss thee. I don't go nearly enough as I should. I blame my Old Town location. Anyways, downstairs has a dark vibe with a cozy seating area, fireplace and small bar area. The bacon-wrapped scallops are YUMMY, the tenderloin toast YUMMY YUMMY and, of course, the Malibu completes it all. Word of advice, cell phone service downstairs is pretty obscure... at least on AT&T and t-Mobile networks.
5	Being a native New Mexican, finding good food outside of Santa Fe is difficult for me, but this is as close as it gets when it comes to a great new Mexican restaurant in AZ.The green Chile was good the red was awesome, had the enchiladas which were awesome and also the posole was great. Wait staff was nice,the place had a great vibe, I will definitely be going back many more times.
4	Ate here while in town on business. A local friend took us and the food was delicious! Really fun atmosphere - perfect for friends catching up with one another. The service was quite slow but friendly. I would love to go back and wish we had this restaurant back home!
5	Tapas are phenomenal here! Defintely go during happy hour (every day 4-6pm) and sit at the bar. We've gone about 4 times now. It was recommended by my friend who's local here when I first moved, and I like taking whoever visits me here. We've only had small plates and I think I've liked all of them. My top faves are: shrimp scampi with dirty rice, blue crab tostada, beef tenderloin toasts, jumbo shrimp (or scallops) wrapped in bacon, and ahi. The ones that were ok were the ceviche, stuffed mushrooms, and sliders, probably bc I've better elsewhere.Last time we went, the guy next to me ordered 3 portions of the bacon wrapped shrimp. That's a lot of bacon! But it's that good =)
5	If you're never been to the Rokerij in North Central Phoenix, you're missing out. The tiny restaurant is housed in, literally, a cool old stone house. I hadn't been for a year or so and ventured over last weekend to visit their bar, which, it should be noted, is actually underneath the restaurant (read: basement bar; yes, I know finding a basement in Arizona is rare). The atmosphere couldn't be more charming - picture dark and cozy, a long bar, several couches, and a crackling fireplace with leather armchairs. Now to the best part - half off wine bottles on Sundays. For all of you wine lovers out there, you know that scoring a bottle for half price is a treat. To make things even better, there wasn't a bottle on the basic wine list over $50, meaning that you can buy a great bottle for less than the cost of a cheap pair of heels. Let's consider the options here - a pair of cheap shoes that will inevitably hurt and be worn twice, or a bottle of wine? Clearly the wine is the best choice. It should also be noted that the half off applies to the reserve wine list, another unusual perk of this hidden treasure.The fabulous wine discounts are made even better by the Rokerij's $5 small plates. These are slightly larger than standard tapas, and you'll find everything from sweet and sour short ribs and bacon wrapped scallops to my favorite, king crab tostada bites. Order a few to share - you're sure to find something on their rather extensive menu of choices. The bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable, making a few recommendations and chatting as appropriate, but not excessively. This is truly a great local hang out. I made a note to myself, upon leaving, that I needed to head back sooner rather than later. I've been thinking about it all week, so perhaps another Sunday evening Rokerij adventure is on the horizon!
2	Loved Richardson's and have loved Rokerij in the past. The downstairs cave bar is still a cool hangout!!!  But their food has really dropped off. I've been there twice in last 2 months with large groups and both times the apps have been disappointing as have the entrees. I think management just isn't paying attention. However, Mondays are half price wine night and with enough wine everybody is happy.  We just won't be coming back.
5	Things I learned last night:I love unpretentious yet quality service, in a relaxed atmosphere. (she was awesome)I don't like drinking ice water without a straw...yeah yeah, turn your nose up. (work on that) You can split a bottle of wine between 5 people. (please don't ever make me do that again)I have a new crush. (restaurants without windows)Rokerij is fast becoming a new favorite spot of mine. I went out on a limb and ordered the NY Steak, medium rare. It was fantastic. Not a huge fan of the green chilie twice baked potato thing but that's more of a personal taste issue. We all shared the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp and Calamari as appetizers. Both delicious; the sauce served with the Calamari tastes distinctively like Pei-Wei's sweet and sour, though that's not a bad thing. Desert was "Death by Chocolate". I had one bite. One bite was enough. Heavy and rich like fudge...not my thing.All in all a great dining experience. I will be back. Many....many times. They also happen to serve the full Richardson's menu, just the way I remember it. That made the whole table happy although the following is what seals the deal for me:* Sorry we do not provide high chairs or booster seats *yes, it's love.... without the constant arguing :)
5	My wife and I stumbled into this place one afternoon looking for a quick bite.  We were just driving by and it was the first place we saw.  We were delighted with our experience there.First of all, what a terrific atmosphere!  Big copper bar, candlelit, very dark and romantic.  Just lovely.The hostess informed us they had a small plate happy hour special and that suited us just fine.  All appetizers were $5.  We ordered 4 items.   The plates themselves were huge and we could barely finish what we ordered.  They were also each very delicious and the presentation was outstanding.  Our tab for drinks, more food than we could handle and a big tip for our very nice server was $38.  Happy hour indeed!We will definitely be going back for dinner.  It seems like the ideal location for a romantic evening.  The servers were attentive and friendly.
5	I have always been a fan of all three of Riachardson's restaurants Rokerij, Dick's Hideaway and Richardson's Cuisine.I was sad to hear that Richardson's Cuisine burnt down, so I started going to the Rokerij more and I still love it!If you love good high alcohol beer on tap, they are one of the few restaurants who carry Chimay on tap!  Always a great place to be even when it is busy and have to wait for a seat, we were there when the Suns swept the Spurs a couple weeks ago and the bartenders are very attentive despite being busy.  I wish I lived in the neighborhood behind the Rokerij I would be there every night!
5	My friend and great dinner companion visited Rokerij and was I in for an unexpected wonderful night of food.  I heard about this place but never really believed the food was this delicious.  We ordered  and shared best of two worlds: the porterhouse steak with mashed potatoes and roasted eggplant and the swordfish with the green chile sweet potato and broccolini.  With Sunday night's half off bottle of wine, this is a great Sunday dinner place.  Rokerij, you will forever be in my heart as one of the best dinner restaurants in central phoenix.
5	I have been coming to Phoenix for the last 6 years for work and how I missed this place I will never know.  Went to dinner with a girlfriend last night and the food was amazing!  Very crowded but we found spaces at the bar.  Service was fantastic and the atmosphere was awesome.  I will definately spend more time at this place.
5	We asked our concierge to recommend a place we could go that had pretty good food, didn't have to get too dressed up but still had an interesting atmosphere. She suggested Rokerij and I wasn't sure, but we figured we'd give it a try. Driving along the long strip of road with little businesses surrounding the restaurant, I was a little nervous pulling into the parking lot - it looked like a stuffy log cabin, BUT there was some hope - the parking lot was pretty full. We walked in and the place had character! Menu items were written in chalk along the walls and it seemed like a comfy cabin-like, but kind of hip at the same time restaurant. We were told there was some seating downstairs. Downstairs? Who knew? It was great! We had a corner booth (plush, high back) facing the bar and the bar set up was great! All the liquor was neatly laid out, clean and they seemed to have everything. And they had a couple of tv screens and a fireplace (although not exactly needed in Phoenix) on this floor. THE FOOD WAS FAB! AND the prices, were NOT even as high as what you find in L.A. at all for what you get! Hubby got the PRIME RIB with broccolini and mashed potatoes. What came out was a BEAST ON A PLATE. HUGE serving of meat prepared how ordered - medium rare. Mashed potatoes in its own little crockpot - STEAMING goodness. All that for $29! That's a pretty darn good deal for the amount of meat and with sides. I got the Rokerij Steak which was topped with crab (THE REAL STUFF) and jalapeno hollandaise (couldn't taste the jalapeno though). I ordered the grilled beets and GCP (green chile potato) as my sides. The GCP was unique but wasn't for my tastebuds. Beets were great and again, just a hearty portion for $36 - they didn't scrimp on the crab. We also got appetizers - bacon wrapped scallops and a turkey chile relleno. Scallops were FAT, cooked well and flavorful (of course it helps with the bacon). Chile relleno with turkey? Um AMAZING. I have NEVER had turkey that moist before and so cheesy and it was laid across four different sauces - hollandaise to a tomatillo like sauce. Our bartender/waiter was so nice and attentive and he was just great. We will DEFINITELY go back again as there are a TON of unique and interesting menu items. And NEXT TIME I AM BRINGING my camera!
4	After having moved back to Phoenix 2 months ago, I stumbled into this happy hour spot because I read somewhere that it has free wi-fi. Lucky for me, I think this may soon become my favorite happy hour place in Phoenix. The cellar was really intimate and cozy. I actually have no idea what the upstairs restaurant looks like. There was a confusing fireplace downstairs which is perplexing when you come in from the 100+ degree heat. It definitely made the ambiance more intimate and I don't even remember feeling the heat inside.The menu was really awesome, and I had a lot of trouble deciding which happy hour appetizer to choose. I decided on two which ended up being more than too much food. The ceviche was all white fish, and sweeter than I typically like, but it was definitely fresh. The steak tartare was also very fresh. I only wish the bread was sliced a bit thinner. The beer selection was not too bad at all. They have Chimay on tap, and Hoeegarden in the bottle which is all I need. For the amount of food I ate, and the beers I drank, the price was really affordable as well.I also really enjoyed the prompt, and friendly service. I will be visiting this place pretty often, and hopefully with one or two friends. The cellar is not really friendly for large groups.
3	Would give 3.5 if I could.  Loved the food at Ricardson's, so I was excited about Rokerji.  The placed looked just like Richardson's.  Some of us ordered off the Rokerji menu and some of the Richardons.  Not as good as I've had in the past and it is expensive.  Service was unfriendly.
5	Could have sworn we wrote a review for the Rokerij a long time ago...This is one of our favorites and a place we have been back to many times.   Have met lots of friends here and they end up loving it and bring other friends.  Our favorite thing to do is go for happy hour and smaple a bunch of the apps.  Have had a full dinner a few times and have comepletly enjoyed every meal.  I don't think we have had better seafood anywhere else in PHX.  Still want to try the monstrous ribeye they offer.We usually head down into the cellar( where we promptly lose cell phone service..if you are expecting a call, good luck!).  Upstairs is very nice, but the real people watching is downstairs. Downstairs gets VERY busy.The only thing we have not done yet at the Rokerij is the late night happy hour....maybe this week!
4	I finally made it out to the Rokerij's infamous happy hour and it didn't disappoint. My girlfriend and I had a couple of the small plates, the mushroom toast and stuffed mushrooms (both amazing! but I REALLY loved the mushroom toast) and some wine. The inside is really unique to Arizona and completely relaxing. Our server Eric was super nice and chatted with us a lot about the restaurant and the menu. We will definitely be back for half priced bottles of wine and happy hour very soon!
4	For the true critic's and I first weekend living in Phoenix, this was a great way to start our time in the Southwest.  The happy hour was first rate.  Dark, Cool, Excellent Vibe, and Great Drinks.......what more can you expect in a southwestern bar!The critic enjoyed the Chile Rellanos, which were spicy and delicious.  Her plate was very generous for the cost.  I sampled the Pork Tomalles with the Green and Red Sauce.  This was great, the green sauce was excellent, but the red was a bit spicy for my taste.  The service was top notch through out.  And treat yourself to the margarita......you will not be disappointed.The $5 plates for happy hour are a good deal, definately time your trip for this.    Between the terrific atmosphere and the excellent happy hours, this will be a preferred watering hole on many occations.
5	I have been to the Rokerij on several occasions. We had a marketing retreat there a few years back and booked the private room (which is a great size - seats 12-15 people comfortably) and is fully equipped with a flat screen and computer for presentations and what-not. I had a friend book the room for a bachelorette party (I wouldn't necessarily have a "party" here... but it's certainly a great private space for small groups).The second time I went, I sat in the main dining space, it was so-so. A little dark for my mood (it was the middle of the afternoon - I just came for lunch) and wasn't feeling the darkness dungeony vibe.The third time I went, I found that little spot in my heart that was longing for a happy hour space such as this. The downstairs bar is by far one of my most favorite spaces. Thebar stools - large and squishy - perfect for your bum. The fireplace - awesomely lit - and oddly no warmth comes from it? There must be some crazy ventilation - I don't care how but I love it. There are a couple of large circular booths - very private - in the downstairs bar area as well - perfect size for about 4-5 adults. They have a superb selection of seafood - and everyone around me ordered it. From Sunday to Tues. I believe they have 1/2 priced bottles of wine, we asked the bartender for some reccomendations and he gave us a couple of samples. We ordered a very nice red from Carmel Valley - it was amazing. Coupled with the chicken tacos (quite a kick to them - disctinct horse radish nose tingle...but great spice) and onion rings (more of the gourmet variety - not too greasy at all with very unique sauces) and we had ourselves quite the happy hour.... err actually happy 4 hours... That's what happens when you go into a bar with no windows!!! You lose track of time...inhibitions out the window... it becomes a black hole with food and wine and friends... it just sucks you in to this vortex of happiness. Rokerij you are my new drug!
4	Wow!  What a happy hour!  The food here is incredible and during happy hour all the small plates are only $5 each!  This gave us an opportunity, over a few visits, to try almost everything on the small plate menu.  The first time we were there, we ordered the bacon-wrapped shrimp, the steak skewers and the brie mushroom toast.  For two people this was a meal in itself!  We were full by the end.  The bacon wrapped scallops, the tenderloin toast and the oysters were ordered on the next trip.  Thinking this couldn't nearly be enough food, we ordered the chicken tacos too.  The oysters Rokerij were incredible!  I'm not a big fan of oysters - in fact, can't eat them unless they are covered with lots of gooey stuff.  These were a step above Rockefeller!  The bacon-wrapped scallops and the shrimp both are served with three different sauces on the plate.  It would be best if you tried all three.  My favorite is the spicy red sauce.  They are all very good and everything tastes better with bacon!  The chicken tacos were not my favorite.  There was a funky taste to them that I can't pinpoint.  I'm not against trying them again...The bartenders are great!  Can't beat the service here (at least in the downstairs bar).Happy Hour is only from 3pm to 6pm, which makes it hard to get there after working until 5pm, and prices are only good if you are sitting at one of the bars (there is one upstairs and one downstairs).  The bartenders upstairs are attentive and for the most part friendly but not nearly as good as the bartenders downstairs.  They make you feel at home and will do everything to try to accommodate you and your party.  The new Richardson's is opening soon next door and we are looking forward to trying that.  But our heart is with Rokerij.
4	We met a couple last night at happy hour who raved about this place so we had to try it.  Driving there, you think you are not going in the right direction.  From the street, it looks like a dive but when you get in there, it is pretty cool.  We sat downstairs at the bar.  It's pretty dark in there.  There were (3) menus to choose from; too many choices made it hard to decide.  We were there around 11:30 so we decided to split a couple of different items to try more things.We ordered a combo plate of one eggs benedict with jalapeno sauce and the meat was this slice of heaven, I mean pork loin roast.  It was fabulous.  It also came with two blue corn tortilla chicken enchiladas in a green chile sauce - yummy.  We also had the philly cheese steak - the steak was ok - lacked a bit of flavor and the cheese was non existent but the fries were the skinny crispy ones and they were delicious.  The bartender seemed a bit dull and unhelpful.  We were asking her what her favorites on the menu were (we love when the wait staff rave about the food and talk about the ingredients in expressive detail) and she said, "everything".  We were left to our own to decide but we did pretty good.  We checked out the upstairs and it looked pretty cool.  This is New Mexico food, which is different than traditional mexican food.  Traditional mexican is one dimensional, new mexico mexican food has an array of spices and depth - much more flavorful.
4	After really enjoying a happy hour visit a few months ago, we finally went by for dinner.  It was terrific, with a few minor hiccups.We arrived at 7 and were shocked to find a full parking lot and a line to get in.  Nonetheless, we were seated within 15 minutes.  We really love the atmosphere here.  Dark, urban and romantic with a kind of northeastern feel.Drinks first.  We ordered a glass of red wine, a whiskey sour and an old fashioned.  The red wine came right away.  About 5 minutes later the waitress stopped by and said "he's looking for the ingredients for the other drinks."  Hmmm.  We amused ourselves for the next 10 minutes wondering how a bar could not have the ingredients for a whiskey sour or an old fashioned.  She returned with the whiskey sour and said "He just doesn't have the ingredients for an old fashioned."FYI, here are the ingredients for an Old Fashioned:BourbonSoda WaterSugarBittersA cherry and an orange peelWe found this hilarious.  I changed my order to a Manhattan and that took about a minute to arrive.  Drinks here are large and strong.Three of shared a steak tartare and ahi tuna app.  Both were excellent and the steak tartare was perfectly executed and presented.  The appetizers here really rock.We ordered the three dishes that the waitress recommended, a chile rellenos (from the old Robertson's menu, which is also available), a chicken schnitzel and the beef tenderloin salad.  Dinner arrived and I took a bite of my "chicken schnitzel."  Wow, that's some soft chicken I thought.  Wait a second  - that's not chicken!  The cook had apparently unilaterally upgraded me to the sea bass.  Well, no matter, it was delicious.All in all a terrific dinner.  Service is charming and very friendly and the drinks and food are very satisfing, despite the occasional Fawlty Towers moments.
5	Wow, I heard about this small restaurant  from a friend at work so we thought we would give it try . We made reservations for Sunday brunch. On the outside it looks like "nothing special" Inside is small, dark and quaint . The food was amazing!! Real New Mexican style. Chips and home made Guacamole...fabulous!! All plates came with homemade fresh beans. My husband had the Cheese Relleno  and I had the Advodaca, they were fabulous!  My daughter who is 14 and a small, tiny thing not only ate her plate but was forking beans from her brothers plate...This is unheard of. We will so be back !
5	This remains one of our favorite restaurants. We try and go late-night on Fridays and head to the basement so we can see our favorite bartender Steve.  The food is even better now that we can get the Richardsons menu!  I can't wait until the Richardsons restaurant opens up next door...and I hope there is a patio in our future.
2	Sad. This used to be one of my favorite places. When we went to the new grand opening of Richardson's we were all so excited, but that soon faded with the horrible service, cramped eating areas, and food with no flavor other than hash or ancho chilies. I love chilies and I know that new mexican cuisine incorporates this ingredient a lot but that is all we tasted in all 4 of our different dishes. The cooks need to learn about portion control and tasting before serving. Very disappointed.
4	For my 2nd birthday dinner I chose the Rokerij. My hubby & I met my parents there at 6:30pm this past Sunday. I was kinda bummed we didn't eat down stairs but the main dinning room was very cool so I wasn't too disappointed. Even though we had reservations, we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Once seated, we had a big, comfy booth with throw pillows, next to the fire place. & I know some people don't care for it but I loved the dim lighting! For starters we ordered the beef tenderloin toasts & calamari. The calamari was good but I didn't like the dipping sauce. It was too sweet, I prefer cocktail sauce. I'm pretty sure I said the beef toasts, not brie, but she brought out the brie. Still delicious but would have loved to try it with the beef. I would have said something but the service was so slow & our server disappeared for 10-20 minutes at a time. She seemed...high...on life maybe? Hmmm... Any way, for our entrees: my mom ordered the chimayo chicken (Richardson's menu), my dad the prime rib (Rokerij menu), my hubby the garlic shrimp pasta (Richardson's menu) & I ordered one of the specials-a trio of fish: salmon, mahi mahi & swordfish. For sides: 2 meals came with a salad, 3 meals came with their famous green chile potato, 2 meals opted for asparagus & 1 opted for zucchini. My mom did not like her chicken at all but loved the salad & asparagus that came with. My dad liked how rare his steak was cooked but said the horseradish sauce on top ruined the taste for him, loved his zucchini though. My hubby loved his garlic shrimp pasta & salad. I loved my trio of fish & asparagus, so yummy! Those of us who got the GCP did not really care for it, we must be a group of wimps because we found it to be too spicy. Very creative side dish though! Our total came to about $185, not including tip. We did have about 5-6 cocktails, plus 2 apps & 4 entrees. So I guess it wasn't too bad price-wise but my dad thought it was way too expensive. Maybe because he was footing the bill? Well, I think my hubs & I will come back for happy hour perhaps & I really want to check out the down stairs!
4	Awesome place, downstairs is very cozy with perfect ambiance.  Dirty martinis were perfect & all 9 apps that we had were delicious!  The tuna was my favorite...I highly recommend this low key spot!
5	Rokerij is no Jokerij!Not much new can be written about this amazing spot, so I will try and be brief. Went to the basement bar for Friday happy hour, and it was love at first sight. Cozy, dark, and welcoming- this is a place you can get lost in.Grabbed a seat at the bar, and were warmly greeted. Ordered margaritas and some small plates, they were both outstanding. Tried numerous small plates, and each one was delicious and hit the spot.If you like margaritas, you will be a happy camper. Also try the stuffed mushrooms, they are amazing.After leaving my new favorite place, we went to the Taste of Scottsdale, and it was surprising that none of the food there was HALF as good as what Rokerij provided. After a few samples, my group gave up, as it wasn't fair to our stomachs to put average food with amazing Rokerij food. All in all, not a bad problem to have.
4	Excellent food here.  It's nice to be able to get your chile fix without having to take a trip to New Mexico.  I had their Carne Adovada and Eggs for brunch, which was fabulous.  The pork is first smoked before they simmer it in red chile until it is tender to the point where you barely even need to chew it.   Only complaint with the joint would be that they keep it a little on the dark side.  I felt like I was squinting to see everything despite the fact that it was in the middle of the day.
5	One of my favorite places to dine out. LOVE the atmosphere in the basement!  If you ever have the opportunity reserve the banquet room-it is a must do!  The staff kept the drinks full and plentiful all night, dinner was hot and DELICIOUS! (Surprise I had the filet ,asparagus and sweet potato) And if you have friends like mine that are a bit boisterous (you know who you are) the banquet room creates a nice buffer between your party (literally) and the more sedate diners.  The menu has some less traditional items- like the twice baked sweet potato served in a chile...MMMMM. Or the shredded crab meat that tops the steak...This is a Phoenix institution- and a must try.  You can't call yourself a Phoenician if you haven't dined here.
4	I love the ambiance of this place. We dined on a comfortable, leather sofa in the cozy cellar downstairs. It was candle lit, intimate, and had good mood music playing. It would be a wonderful place to bring a date you would like to impress! We had a bottle of Shiraz wine, mushroom toasts, sliders, tortilla crusted halibut, and some creme brule. Everything was delicious & our server was very knowledgeable. We will DEFINITELY be back!
5	This is my absolute FAVORITE place to eat in Phoenix!! It doesn't look like much from the outside but inside it has style, charm, and a local feel.  The hostess is always very sweet and they are super accomodating. Downstairs is a very cool bar and the dining area and bar upstairs have a real flair!First, you must have a bloody mary. Must. Have. A. Bloody. Mary. They are a delicious treat of spicy and strong and make my mouth water. Only my boozing grandma makes better!  The margaritas are tasty and I love their selection of tequila.Second, the food is outstanding. They provide a partial menu from the old Richardson's and everything is delicous. They have an outstanding happy hour during the week and a delicious brunch on weekends. I always get the shrimp pasta. It is full of shrimp and has the yummiest pasta and cream sauce EVER!  Another good choice is the famous GCP. Seriously, mind blowing!Parking is a little tricky but well worth it!
5	I used to go to Richardson's religiously before the great fire of July/2009. Thanks to the tragic loss of my original introduction to the holy trinity, I slid into The Rokerij one evening in search of my "last supper appetizer" THE Garlic Plate.  Favorite dish in the valley, hands down.  The hole downstairs makeshifts for a great date night venue, in thanks to the lack of cellular service. You can keep your partner's attention solely on you for the duration of your meal/bottle of wine/conversation... I always fail to remember the after effects of said Garlic Plate. Your body will betray you, your stomach will take over and your boyfriend will be disgusted by you sleeping ever so close... I highly suggest at least a 12 hour separation from all loved ones if you plan on them wanting to hug you ever again... This meal is well worth the awkward night following, in fact I think I want some again tomorrow...
5	I became a huge Richardsons fan since the first day I ate there back in 1998. I've been a follower of all his food/restaurant concepts throughout all these years. I love going to Rokerij's dimly lit bar in the basement on a Sunday morning while devouring my Enchiladas and Eggs. I always get the same dish every time, but its like a party in my mouth with every bite. I've also come here for their great happy hour specials. How can anyone pass up $5 small dishes, which honestly are not small at all. No one will ever be disappointed with the outstanding customer service, food, drinks, and cozy environment that Rokerij has to offer. P.S. Remember to always make reservations for diner.
4	A friend of mine suggested this place, so when I flew into Phoenix I made a bee line for it. Rockerij is a stone building with a small parking lot (I'm from Texas so everything else is small). There were two options: the restaurant and the "cellar". Which did I choose you ask? The cellar, of course!The cellar contained a few booth tables with throw pillows (how cool is that!), a long wooden bar and a roaring fire. My friend and I sat at the bar and I'm happy to report we were just in time for happy hour! Happy hour being from 3-6. I ordered a margarita, which was delightfully lovely with a hint of fresh squeezed orange juice. I've never had a margarita that tasted like that! Food wise, my friend and I shared the Ahi Tuna with wasabi salsa and soft shell tacos. The Ahi was perfect, lightly seared and the salsa was a perfect combination. The tacos were good, not amazing but good. The chicken taco had the best flavor.
4	We hit up the Rokerij on Friday night for an early bday celebration for the hubs! Sooo glad I made reservations, the line to be seated stayed strong the whole time we were there, one group would get seated as another entered the building, the places was jam packed! Our waiter, Clark was ON IT all night! He was a great waiter and went above and beyond! The food was pretty decent. I ordered the Rokerij burger medium well, but it came out on the medium/medium rare tip...But I dealt and ate it. I had a side of the roasted beets which were pretty fantastic. We ordered a couple apps, calamari, onion rings and prime rib and brie cheese toasts...all were delicious!
5	Downstairs bar is an absolute favorite.  Great small plates and even better service.  I love their stemware. :)
4	Super slow last time, but it was a very busy Saturday night..  Great food and atmosphere.  Especially downstairs.  Had dreams of a winding staircase.
3	So I really like this place for its ambience. However,  I have a comment about the size of the small plates (especially the steak skewers). They used to be decent size.  If I'm paying $25 for three plates I would expect more, like they used to be. The quality was still there but the portions were tiny.
4	I'll admit that I spend more time at the downstairs bar for 1/2 price wine night (Sun. Mon. Tues) than upstairs.  They also have a great $5.00 small plate special during happy hours and reverse happy hours.  The food is good, the ambiance especially downstairs where there is a roaring fire and a large copper bar.  parking can be tight on busy nights but the place is well wroth a wait if there is one.  For a more formal dinner, make reservations and eat upstairs.  Dessert is the one weak point on the menu, (as in it is only so-so) but who cares when there are enchiladas and chile rellenos and brie/mushroom toasts, and vegetable platters, and the best sea bass...but I digress...just head out there!
2	Rokerij, I still think you are the ish but I have to tell you, since you began serving Richardson's menu on top of yours I don't think you can handle all of this attention. We booked a reservation of 10 people and you SPLIT us up into two cubbies. Not only did you NOT warn us you were doing this but you reiterated that we were told when we made the reservation that our party was split. We weren't told in advance and that bums me out! After waiting 30 minutes for our split table, the service was wonderful, the food was divine, but some of the girls were in cranky moods. I jsut suggest when you have a larger party - I wouldn't leave them waiting - i know you are a super succesful and busy restaurant - but we all mattter!
5	This is an EXCELLENT Special Occasion Restaurant!  The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is divine.I'll readily admit that I was shocked.  The average looking building in the middle of an unassuming neighborhood with a smaller than adequate sign almost blends in.  We drove past this place twice (with a GPS) before we finally realized where it was.Patrons are greeted with a choice upon stepping up to the entry.  A single solid massive wooden door that leads to the main dining room or a stair case encased in stone that leads below to a very intimate wine cellar and bar.  Full menu is available at both so you can't go wrong.Inside the main dining room the theme is black and dark, even at a 10:00 AM brunch I feel as though I was just transported to a late night speak easy in 1923.  Large plush U-Shaped booths line the outer wall with a center bar and kitchen area in the middle.The dim mood lighting and dark walls took some time for my eyes to get use to.  I thought this was a perfect restaurant for vampires, dark and cool, without a single shred of sunlight.  Then our appetizer came - one huge fire roasted clove of elephant garlic with breads and peppers and cheese.  No vampires with in a quarter mile of this place for sure!  It was divine and a meal for 3 by itself.Our early morning drinks were bloody-mary's and by far the best bloody-mary I've ever had.  They even come with a little 4oz mini beer of Stella Artrois and they drink like a meal.The main course was every bit as good and seasoned for excellent flavor.  This isn't plain Sonoran Mexican Food.  It is billed as New Mexico Mexican Food but it seems to be a fusion of Cajun, Tex-Mex, Sonoran, and Mexi-Cali.The food is fresh and smoky in a sultry and hot kind of way.  Portions are HUGE and the service is great.  Be prepared to split a meal and still take some home.We gorged ourselves to the point that there was no room for dessert, but who cares.  This place is fantastic!  Definitely a "must-do" when you have company in from out of town, when you are celebrating, going on a date, popping the question, or looking to close a business deal.  Suggesting The Rokerij (pronounced RO-ker-ee) will impress your guests and show that you have both class and impeccable taste.
3	I have been to Rokerij three times. The first was for a work related lunch - I enjoyed the small plate selection and was impressed by the ambiance. I enjoyed it enough to take my BF back there for a romantic dinner. It took us a while to actually make it there because they wouldn't take reservations for less than a party of 4 - so we ended up going for an early dinner. It was delicious and the service was great. BF enjoyed it enough that when I inquired as to what how he would like to celebrate his thirtieth birthday he selected Rokerij. This is where disappointment sets in. I hate to be tough on the place but . . . the food was good, the ambiance good - but. . . I made reservations for 4 two weeks ahead of time for seven pm on a Saturday. We arrived right on time - the hostess alerted me that they were a little behind but would seat us soon. So we took our group to the bar downstairs for a round of drinks. It took them thirty to forty minutes to seat us. But we tried to be understanding (despite the fact that the second couple was paying a babysitter 10 dollars an hour . . . ) We were sat - generally enjoyed our meal. But the service was lacking - for this level of restaurant you expect exceptional service - and frankly this caliber of food can be found elsewhere with good service and more reasonable prices. We finished our meal (which was decent) we paid our check while we finished our dessert and drinks - but decided we would like to continue our conversation. We flagged down the waiter - who upon us requesting a round of drinks said "my dad is getting pissed - so if you could sit at the bar . . . " Our thoughts - so you took an extra forty minutes to seat us - when we had a reservation and now you want us to leave your table and you couldn't come up with a more tactful method of asking us to leave (note - it was 9:30/9:45 at this time, we had been at the table for about two hours, had a full meal (drinks, appetizers, entrees, dessert, second drinks - which equates to a full check and a hefty tip). Now I don't know who our waiters dad is . . . possibly the owner. But the professionalism at Rokerij was seriously lacking. I don't know whether we will return. But we have concluded: (1) Rokerij does offer good food - but they are slightly over priced for the quality (2) the professionalism was seriously lacking in service (presentation of the wine list focused on the price and not the taste pallets), and (3) they should get their ego in check - I get that you have a long list of people waiting for tables at your restaurant - but the next time I have a special event I will be going to one of the dozens of restaurants in the valley and receive the level of service that should come with the ambiance and food.
4	Best Happy Hour in Town. Sunday, Monday, Tuesday half price bottles of wine, drink specials and from 3PM to 6PM, $5 menu items.The Rokerij is one of my favorite little spots. Great, cozy downstairs bar with fireplace, good music and great staff. It can get a little crowded but worth it.  Great spot for a date!The small plates are my favorite.  The bacon wrapped scallops, brie toast and chile relleno.  The plates are very rich, however.I think they have an amazing wine list and I've never had a dissapointing wine.  They spend time on their wine and having wine sales experience, their buyer knows their wines.It can get busy for happy hour, but well worth the wait my friends.
4	Another of my favorites.  They have a GREAT happy hour, with small plates for $5 ea (at the bar). I a particularly fond of the beef tenderloin with brie served on small slices of toast and the house salad.  The restaurant itself is very NOT Phoenix...big plush bars, dark room, roaring fire.  When you are in the Rokeril you can forget that it is a seething inferno outside.  The only reason that I am giving them a 4 instead of a 5 is that their cuts of meat seem to be fattier than I am accustomed to...my SO and I have noticed this with both beef and lamb cuts.  Overall a fantastic dining experience though...and we are both always happy to diner here.
5	If there is ever any place to be for dinner, this is it! Sometimes I find myself dreaming of brie and steak tenderloins on thoes little toasts... Great beer and wine selection. Can be hard to get there for happy hours, because it's packed. The service. 4 stars. Highly recommended! :)
5	Why more [places like this don't exist in AZ, I'll never know.  If you're looking for that old Europe feel, this is an excellent choice.  Although this spot is awesome at any time of the year, I think when the weather turns cooler, this is like a trip to your fantasy of an Olde English Public House.  There is an upstairs restaurant and a downstairs cellar bar. I'll be focusing on the Cellar bar.Downstairs is amazing. There are/were only a couple bars in PHX that I can think of that were underground and this is one of them. It's swanky, candle-lit, and it has some of the best happy hour specials I've ever experienced. Their "small plate's" are truly some of the finest creations I've ever had for the price.  I would recommend trying them all out eventually, but start with one or two. For $5 during happy hour, they can't be beat.As for the drinks, there are two times where you can seriously get your money's worth.  On Sunday, Monday and Tuesday all bottles of wine are 1/2 price.  And they have some excellent wines. The other time is regular happy hour all week from 3-6.  For me, it's all about going on a Sun, Mon or Tues during HH! 1/2 of bottles of wine, cocktail specials AND $5 small plates. I'll call it budget-swank. Excellent experience for not too much money./Art
5	My mouth waters thinking about this place.  The sister restauraunt next door burned down, so now you get the great decor and TWO menus!  All of the cheaper items we ordered were top notch.  Friendly folks.  Took our reservations, and we were in with ease at the last minute.
5	This place is never disappointing!
5	SOOOOOO ooo OOOO ooo GOOD!! We came here on Sunday for Brunch and it was the best decision ever.  The bloody mary was delicious and spicy with red chili/peper flakes in it.  The eggs benedict my husband got had a jalepeno holindase sauce to die for and the huavos rancheros.... words cannot describe. I don't think I will ever be able to order this dish again.  The house made chile sauce (do the mix of red and green) was seriously amazing.Lots of choices in Phoenix but this is definitely a must!
5	Why decide between pork loin eggs benedict and beef tenderloin eggs benedict when you can have one of each? They come smothered in jalapeno hollandaise and served with beans, potatoes, and tortilla. The mimosas are served in giant wine goblets. Your coffee cup is bottomless. Brunch heaven.
5	Love this place and it's food!! Must sit in the bar area downstairs to fully appreciate the atmosphere.
4	I knew from the moment I walked in, this was going to be a great experience.  Dark, moody, flickering candlelight, good smells, people laughing. Friendly waiters who were proud of their cuisine.  Giant blackboards bragging of their culinary specials for the day.  Although not everything we tried was foot stompin' great, it was obvious there was the promise of great food in order here.What we'd come back for...Oysters Rokerij (a spinoff of Oysters Rockefeller) and their steaks.  I was not impressed with the Southwestern cuisine we tried on another day.   Now we know what not to order.  That's OK.Come fairly early if you want good parking.  Parking can be a challenge. No doubt, there is a good wait on the weekends too.Yes, we will enthusiastically come back when in Phoenix again.
5	The restaurant and downstairs bar are very cool and the food is great. To me, these aren't the types of meals you can make at home; which is a big reason I go out to eat in the first place.
5	Heard about this place from one of my son's friends. Looked it up and fell in love with the idea of a fireplace and low lighting. So one weekday my girl and I met up for happy hour here and we both fell in love with the ambiance as soon as we entered. We came in the wrong door downstairs, and were a little confused as to where to go lol bar in the basement was full so we were directed up the staircase. The bar there was also full but lucky for us a couple decided to head down to the basement and free'd up the seats for us :) (bet they thought we came up from down there and emptied our seats at that bar .. suckers) .We sat down and it took a little while before we were helped, but the way we talk it didn't matter. We each ordered our drinks, prickly pear margaritas, which were absolutely delicious. Made with fresh squeezed lemon. We decided to order a few appetizers. Chile Relleno made with pork (even though I wanted duck), Ceviche and the  Beef Tenderloin toasts.  The chile relleno and toasts were to die for! The pork inside the relleno was smoky and tender and flavorful. So darn good! As were the toasts. I could have eaten two orders all by myself. The meat was so tender and tore apart with the toast without tugging. The cheese was creamy and just the right amount topping off a buttery toast. YUM!!  The ceviche was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. I will for sure order the toasts again and try the garlic plate. A couple next to us ordered it and it looked delicious. The staff and chef there were very nice and took great care of us! I canNOT wait to go back. I have been craving it since I left.  Definitely need to make a dinner date out of it too as the eggs benedict looked so darn good! I want to try one of everything!. LOVE YOU ROKERIJ!!!
4	If ever there was a restaurant I could dream of picking up and taking with me to whatever city I end up living it would be Rockerji.I have such a special spot for this establishment, from their New Zealand Sauv. Blanc list to their green chili potato side Rockerji know's what's up.As I've frequented this restaurant more times than I can keep track of, I hadn't sat down to really appreciate them in the form of a Yelp review.  I owe you one, Rockerji.My last visit to Rockerji, and I'm assuming this will be my last for quite sometime since I'm moving across the country next week, was nothing short of incredible.  It was a celebratory meal honoring a job offer so of course drinks were in order.  We started out with glasses of the crisp and ever so light White Haven Sauvaignon Blanc as well as the Ahi Tuna appetizer.  Now you should be warned, all the plates at Rockerji have a bit of a kick...a spicy, not overboard flavor punch.The crew I was with opted on a barbeque pizza for the table and 3 plates served "family style".It's almost sinful to not order the bacon-wrapped scallops and the beef tenderloin brie toasts, no but really - you'll be repenting for days. We also had the chicken taco's which are spicier than the average person can handle (eater's beware).For dessert we enjoyed the flourless cake which could serve a family of 8, I promise.  The chocolate was perfect consistency and is paired ever so nicely with a vanilla bean ice cream.Great, intimate date spot or laid-back foodie haven.
4	Wow what a place hard to spot driving by but the food is out of this world and the service is first class.  I have been a few times and the food has been excellent.  I have taken the servers suggestion each time and have not been disapointed.
5	This just might be my favorite bar and I wish it was closer to my house. I can only speak to the downstairs bar but it was fantastic.  Just the walk to get down to the basement bar sets the tone for a great night. As you walk down the long cave-like staircase surrounded floor to ceiling in rock... you feel like you might be walking into a creepy cellar but at the bottom it opens up into a cozy classy bar ... equipped with fireplaces, comfy sofas and soft lighting.  The bartenders were great. Really knowledgeable and great service. My date and I stayed well past all other patrons but the bartender didn't seem to mind at all and continued suggesting wines for us! Rokerij opened my eyes to Zaca Mesa wines... highly recommended! Can't wait to go back and try the food. I've heard nothing but the best and will soon be able to attest :)
4	The stuffed mushrooms are amazing
4	Sundays couldn't be sweeter without a frequent stop here at Rokerij. From their "Hip" staff to their decor; it entices you with each visit. Appetizers are a must and I highly recommend taking advantage of their Sunday Happy hour. You'll be strongly convinced.
5	Awesome food!!!  Try the Pork Tenderloin!!!
4	If you're going for happy hour, get there on the earlier side of the time frame... The bar fills up quickly and you can only get the specials at the bar. I have to say that this is one of my new favorite HH spots! I went on a Tuesday night and they have half off bottles of wine, all night. Good thing since I needed something to wash down the delectable bacon wrapped scallops. The small plates deals during HH are great and such a great departure from the usual HH bites... I don't know about you but I'm tired of fried things and bruschetta. How much bruschetta can Phoenix handle?!Yet, I digress. The small plates, from $9 to $5 a plate... such a good deal. We had the scallops I mentioned, really good scallops- worth the regular price of $9. We also had the Beef Tenderloin/Brie toasts, a little heavy on the brie, but the barkeep raved that they were the best thing he's ever had... (Maybe he should try Postino's toast?) Stuffed mushrooms were good, the taco combo plate- Great Mexico City style tacos, and I'm a huge critic of Mexican food and these were actually very good. Except 1, 1 was a wee bit too spicy for me. And I LOVE spicy. Maybe it was the wine bringing out the tingling on my tongue? We also got the oysters rokerij, similar to Green Mussels you would get at a sushi place... Very yummy. There were 3 in our party and we walked out of the place full and pleasantly toasty for $60 total- this isn't your Chili's HH but I'm more than willing to spend $20 for the atmosphere, the drink, and the food. We will definitely be back.
5	Stellar! One of my favorite places to eat in all of Phoenix. Sunday Happy Hour is rock solid - $5 small plates (many) and half price wine. The menu covers everything you could want - steak, chicken, fish, sandwiches, veggies, etc... I have eaten a wide variety of items and have never been disappointed. You should stop reading this and go there. Pony up to the bar and enjoy yourself.
5	Rokjeri is the type of place you go when you want a good meal, great atmosphere and feel like you are in a different place in the world.The food is incredible. My husband tried their porterhouse steak with an incredible holindase (spelling error, I know) sauce. When I tried a bite, it was the first time I ever understood how a steak can melt in your mouth. Like butter. Ugh, just thinking about it makes my mouth water.The upstairs is dark, sexy, open and smells delicious. The downstairs has a few tables, few booths, a huge fireplace and a bar. You can't go wrong sitting either place.You should probably make reservations if you plan on stopping by, as it's always busy!
5	We love this place.  The wait can be a little long and the bar crowded, but if you have reservations (esp for downstairs) then this place rocks.One of my fave things -- when the economy was melting down, they had a "stimulus meal" that included two salads, two side dishes, and one entree -- for LESS than the price of the regular entree price on the menu.  Gotta love a place that does amazing, tasty food and helps the customer out.One warning:  don't gobble too many of the apps as the meals are big and you'll get filled up.  But damn, the apps are pretty amazing.  Or maybe just make a dinner out of them?
1	Worst experience ever!  I am a fan of Richardson's so I thought we should check this place out.  Stopped in on a Friday night around 8pm without reservations just to see how long the wait would be.  Great host at the door greeted us and was really friendly.  He said there was over an hour wait upstairs but we could try our chances downstairs where it was all open seating.  We headed downstairs, grabbed a couple glasses of wine and waited for seats to open up.  We waited quite a long time for a table and multiple groups were able to grab seats before us, so we saw a couple ladies paying their  tab and asked if we could get their seats when they were ready to leave.  We ended up talking to them for a while before they left.  When we went to sit down, a very unfriendly brunette bartender said this other couple had been waiting longer and were next on "the list".  The other couple was already sitting!  She gave them our seats  at the bar and someone else who had just walked in grabbed their chairs.  I'll never be back.  If there's a list, tell the door guy and offer people to put their names on it when they arrive.  And if that couple needed to sit at the bar so bad, I would have been fine with the table.  Customer service is obviously lost on this place (except the sweet door host.  Worst experience I've had in a long time.  Contrary to my efforts to calmly explain to the bartender, she did nothing to resolve the issue.
4	Oh Yes! This place is GOOD! Only been once, real early on a Saturday morning but the place was already packed so make a reservation for sure.The Garlic plate appetizer is just awesome. I tried the mexican sampler with the chili relleno being my favorite but it was all real good. Definitely going back (with reservations) and trying some of the American fare next time. A little on the pricey side but they feed you well ( having my left overs for dinner) & the food is near excellent.  My only complaint is the lighting,  weird rose colored flood lights makes it very hard to see & if you get seated in the wrong place its like being on a stage with one of those lights blasting down on you.  But a great place for a date!
5	Ohhh Rokerij, how I love you so!To begin, I do not think I have ever encountered an unfriendly or rude server here. The staff, both upstairs and downstairs, is incredibly friendly and helpful.The wine list is amazzzzzing. So many yummy wines to choose from! Start with a glass of wine, then choose a couple of appetizers like the Brie Toasts or the stuffed mushrooms. Then, as a main course, go with the Garlic Plate or the Gumbo. Sooo good. Or the Porterhouse, or the Sea Bass, or the Pasta Heidi.. Can't go wrong with any of those. Even their House Salad is amazing. After dinner, enjoy some berries and gelato. Not too fattening but absolutely delicious!
3	The food here was fantastic.  I enjoyed everything I got... so why does this place lack a couple stars?I came in yesterday (Sunday) at the halftime of the boston/miami playoff game (around 1:30pm) and ordered during  halftime.  I watched the 3rd quarter of the game before I got my food... that's about 30+ minutes (12 basketball minutes is not 12 minutes + halftime parts).  The place was not busy so why does it take so long?  When I am hungry, atleast update me or talk to me so I know that it's going to take a while.  30 minutes of hungry time also does not feel like 30 minutes... it feels like forever.The food is as I said fantastic and it's the redeeming part for this place.  I'll likely come back because of that (second chance!), but service is worth a couple stars to me, so for that it lost both.
5	I have no qualms about giving Rokerij a five star rating.  I  have been here dozens of  times over the past several years.  It doesn't matter if you're seated downstairs in the cozy, darkly lit bar or upstairs where you can watch the chef's make quick work of your order in the open kitchen, you can expect friendly service, a fantastic wine list, and very tasty food.  I also love that I can walk into this restaurant and never feel over or under dressed whether I'm wearing flip flops and jeans or my cutest party dress.  The prime rib has been my favorite lately.  My boyfriend and I generally split it and are both very satisfied by the huge portion!  Their soups and sides are all to die for and their veggie selection is generally very fresh..  I'm a fan of the brocollini and asparagus.  I enjoy taking out of town guests to this little neighborhood gem and love that they serve food later than most of the North Central corridor restaurants.  Hats off to you, Rokerij, keep up the good work!
4	Absolutely LOVE the ambiance - very romantic with the brick and stone and walls of wine. The fireplace and comfy seating make it very intimate. In my opinion, the best time to come here is for brunch. Yes, even on a Sunday nursing a hangover, the food, drink and decor can't be beat. Very reasonably priced mimosas and bloody's as well as some of the best breakfast items you could ask. My fave is the eggs benedict with thier Mexican twist - the carne adovada is also amazing and very satisfying. No skimping on the meat here, and it's not drowning in sauce - I have yet to finish a full plate of anything. Thier potatoes even get my mouth watering.  Service was great the last time we went, but the first time we had to go up to the bar to remind the gal we were there. After that she was more than attentive and the food more than made up for it. I could linger here for hours and get in some serious trouble! Have not been to the downstairs area or had any other meal here, but can't wait to go back!!!
5	The food here is AMAZING!!!  This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix by far.  Their salt and pepper encrusted prime rib is nothing short of fabulous.  Their service is always friendly and prompt.
5	Rokerij is our never-fail for great food, a relaxed, cozy and unique experience just for two or for a group of good friends. The small bites plates are great to pass around, or if you just feel like grazing for your entire meal. Crab Louie salad is unreal - big enough to share. Fish specials are always tasty with well paired seasoning, chutney or sauces. The meat options are plentiful and hearty. We always have great service and a fantastic dining experience. One of my absolute favorite restaurants in Phoenix!
5	I love this place!!!! The menu is fantastic from top to bottom and their happy hour is amazing!!!! You can't go wrong with this place!
4	This restaurant and bar is a great place for dinner or just meeting friends.  The atmosphere is friendly and vibrant.  Despite crowds, the service is excellent.  And the staff are friendly.  The kitchen area is actually surrounded by the bar, so if you're alone, sit at the bar and watch the action!Sadly, I have to give only four stars as the pork chop I ordered was almost raw.  I ordered medium.  Even the fellow who picked up my plate commented saying, "Wow, that is a little under done".  Reheating meat ruins it for me, so i just ate a few (delicious) bites from around the edges of my chop.  The quality of the chop was excellent, and the seasonng was very good as well.  The mashed potatoes and asparagus were perfect.  Had the wedge salad to start, and that was very yummy too!Anyway...  My chop was so undercooked that it should have been taken off my bill.  I did eat a few bites, so maybe a free dessert?  All I got was a thank you and a bill.  On my only previous visit, the food was really excellent, so 4 stars it is.
5	I love this place and take all my out of town visitors here for a taste of the Southwest.  The only downside to it being a small place is that it can get very busy and can mean a long wait if you don't reserve a table.  I love that the bar seats are right in front of the open kitchen so you can watch the chefs do their thing with all of those enchiladas and carne dishes.  Their smoked turkey enchiladas are good but if you like spice, go for the rellenos.  Those are some hot roasted green chiles and I love the beef filling and the duck option.  Goes great with a glass of Stella on draught.  Very dark swanky chocolate brown interior with a fireplace and wine bottle walls.
4	I love this place. I usually sit downstairs. It is almost like you are walking downstairs into a dungeon. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy, dim lighting. The menu is great for brunch, lunch  or dinner. But their happy hour is by far my favorite. Probably one of the best in the area. The appetizers and wine by the glass are only $5.00 each. Five dollars for high quality food, such as tuna wasabi sashimi, scallops wrapped in bacon, and steak tartare. And an amazing wine selection to choose from. This is a happy hour where you can eat a couple healthy, high protien items and drink a glass of good wine, all for under $20.00. Do not get me wrong, I would still go there any other time, other happy hour and pay double. Its well worth every dollar.
4	Solid joint, intimate, woody.  My date and I got a great table in the corner by the private room, which was nice because the main area was pretty loud on that Saturday night.      On the downside, a large party of drunks stumbled through to the private room near the end of the date.  They needed an asskicking, but perhaps they were regulars and the management let it slide.  It happens.     We had the brie toasts, a perfect little appetizer.  I had the pork tender-loin, which comes out skewer style, perfectly done with a mint jam garnish.  The sweet potato stuffed chili pepper seems to be a regular side dish there.  It was a new one for me, sweet and fiery, it was great!  Creme brulee for desert was top notch, smothered in berries.           I would have liked to spend more time there, so I'll definitely be back for another round some day.
5	Can you say freaking awesome! I found this place on Yelp (where else) and I knew I was taking my boss here during our conference (she's from New England - and I'm from Cali). I knew she's never experienced amazing Latin food and flavors and boy did we have a great time! I had the Pozole, Ceviche, and Steak & Blue Cheese sliders! EVERYTHING we had was delicious. The atmosphere was very intimate with an upbeat feel! Next time I'm back in Phoenix...I will be visiting again!
5	AMAZING! My bf and I went to meet some friends for their happy hour on Sunday. We decided to eat downstairs and got a few stools at the bar. There was $5 dollar hot plates and red/whites per glass. We ordered beef tenderloins skewers and briskets as well calamari. Calamari came out first and it was pretty good. Had a mixture of big and small pieces. Have had better but was worth what we paid for. Then came out the skewers in 4 sauces. Wow! I mixed the sauces as if I was Picasso ready to paint with my tenderloin skewer (especially the hollaindaise tasting one it was so delicious) and devoured the beef paint brush almost instantly. After that we were greeted with the beef briskets - it was little pieces of bread with a piece of beef tenderloin and brie cheese melted on top. To die for is an understatement!We had to order one more hot plate as to how amazing everything was as well as the cheap price. Ordered the tacos and took 1 of each. My bf ate the carne avodo and fish, I had the beef and chicken. The beef had an amazing kick of spices in the mouth and the chicken had this unexplainable tasting sauce that was decadent! After the 4 hot plates we did not have enough room for a sip of water let alone dessert! We closed out and it was a cheap but absolutely delicious good lunch.
4	Unique menu, the best place to go for a fulfilling meal after a marathon :).
3	went here for dinner on friday night.  started with a few small plates. had the ahi tuna with wasabe, yummy.  the bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp, yummy.  and the steak skewers, which were good except that two pieces had hard tendons in them. also had the bbq flatbread which was delish.  my complaint is that i ordered the bacon wrapped filet with the dungeness crab hollandaise sauce and jumbo shrimp surf and turf, but the server brought me some gross way too spicy meal that was completely not what i ordered... he apologized and had my order remade and comped the deserts for us but we were still charged the 28 dollars for the meal he messed up.. so my only advice is confirm what the server thought you ordered... so all in all i would recommend trying it out... if you can afford the hefty price tag( dinner for three with three appetizers was and a couple beers = $220) would have been slightly less if we were not charged for the waiters mixup
4	My date and I started in the basement which was super cozy. While waiting, we were distracted by the amazing aroma of food surrounding us from other tables. Once we sat down, we could NOT make a decision about what to order--everything looked so good. Our server was very helpful in aiding us with picking appropriate sized plates (we were starving and nervous we wouldn't have enough haha). We left with a to go box and no room for dessert! Loved it. Can't wait to go back. GREAT date night spot. But we prepared to wait and have a drink, this place is busy for good reason.
5	I lived in Scottsdale for a couple years but have been going to Richardson's for the last 10years after my Fiance introduced me to the place. Since then Richardson's was burned down and Roker now serves the menu items that I loved at Richardson's! You visit, you need to get the regular salad to start which is so simple but so amazing. Next you need to get the Garlic platter which is an appetizer that I absolutely love (the cheeses, the peppers, the sauce, the roasted garlic and the toasted baguettes- AMAZING!) Whenever we are in town (we now live in California), I make it a point to go back and eat this platter at least once during the trip. This place is Southern Mex food and there is not a restaurant that can compare. In fact the closest I have gotten to eating something as tasty is when we create our own replication of the platter which is good but not the original! In addition, try the quesadillas, chicken dish, bacon wrapped scallops..... all so yummy!
5	I wish there were 6 stars because although I'm sad Richardson's burned down, the menu lives on at Rokerij.  It is my favorite place to eat because the food is wonderful.  Normally I take in the whole dining experience...service, ambiance, etc.  but not here,  it's just the food. I've been to most of the best places in Phoenix but there's just something about the food that speaks to me here.  Go here and order the food of which I speak...then eat it and digest and smile.
4	I cant pronounce Rokerij but you don't have to be able to pronounce it to enjoy the amazing food.  Rokerij like everyone on here prob. explains has their own full menu + Richardson's menu.  Both menus are amazing in their own right also side note according to the server in just over a month Richardson's will be reopened directly next door, so look for that to finally happen.  Things I love about this place?  The atmosphere is amazing upstairs and down (downstairs is a underground cellar like bar, super cool i posted a picture a while back they serve a full menu as well), you really have to see it to understand how cool it is!  Taking in the restaurant from the outside is kinda strange its really closed in looking (no windows which is normally ok.. if your at a strip club) but once your inside its really calming and pleasant.  Now that you feel comfortable inside we can talk about the food which is equally as amazing.  Richardson's menu is heavy on the garlic so if its not a 1st date go nuts because its worth it, actually F it if she doesn't like you because you like good food then drop her/him.  The Rokerij menu is less heavy on the Mexican food side, its more Americanized burgers, steaks, fish.  I had the mahi-mahi with pineapple salsa and it rocked my taste buds(in the most positive of ways), the fish was cooked perfectly as well as blackened, I recently had eaten fish in San Diego as well as New Zealand and this fish was just as good if not better quality, very impressive.  Another thing they do is cool is you can get these "small plates" 1 for 9 or 2 for 17, it goes on its basically a bunch of tapas like tacos, ahi tuna, prime rib sliders, scallops, steak tartare, etc.  I love tapas and for social settings its a great and delicious idea.  Overall 4 stars for now because i need to eat more items off that tapas menu to upgrade this review, something im looking forward to taking advantage of next time
3	I like the Rokerij. The food is good and the atmosphere is great.I have two complaints about this place. One is this weird thing that they do, or don't do...they will not supply straws. It's some dumb thing like they don't have straws in the Netherlands or some nonsense like that. We're in the US, and I need a straw. Especially with these braces on my teeth. The other is that the service is only so-so. You'd think that a place that charged in the 20-30 dollar range for a plate of food would have top level service, but they don't. It's not that it's terrible, it's just terribly mediocre. If it weren't for the great food, I'd probably not visit as often. I don't want to dissuade anyone from going there by any means - but I do think that you have to have your expectations in the right place before going, otherwise you may be disappointed.Still - a solid 3 stars. Check out all of the other great reviews that this place  has gotten. Definitely worth a visit. Just don't expect a straw.
4	Very good food.  Our service was great--thank you, Heather.  She guided us to some good wines and food recommendations.  We'll be back
2	Just not all that impressive from our POV..... ambiance was cozy, comfortable and welcoming but service and food ... meh .  The prime rib was good... halibut was not that fresh tasting (disappointing since the "knowledgeable" server suggested it). The green chili potato .... hmmm.  Well, if you think an uncooked, crunchy pepper the size of a jalapeno filled with a couple of tablespoons of paprika laden mashed potatoes is divine ... then you would be in the right place .  Me? Not so much.The salad was fine - but then again, you really have to suck to screw up a salad.  The kicker was when I ordered a glass of Chardonnay... then the server returned with a Pinot Noir ....  We took a couple from out of town who were here on their anniversary.  I told the host when I called to check on the reservation (I made it thru Open Table) and then told the host again when we arrived.  They did absolutely nothing with this information but yet I saw some other table get the special acknowledgement.  What a disappointment, all around.  Would I go back?  Dunno.... There are many other places here in the valley that we need to experience prior to ever giving these folks our hard-earned casheroo....
5	This restaurant makes my heart happy ... We just had a family birthday celebration last night with a party of 8.  We were happy to learn that it was half priced wine bottles (Sundays and Mondays), so naturally we had 4 bottles on a Monday night :)  We had 3 small plates to start the meal - the calamari, quesadillas and ceviche.  All were very good.  I could eat the quesadillas all day every day!  The ceviche has an interesting flavor, almost like cinnamon.  It wasn't my favorite ceviche in town, but I did enjoy it.  Everyone ordered something different.  Skewers, New Mexican Platter, Swordfish Special, Halibut Special, Surf & turf, Steak Skewers, Chicken Skewers, and I can't remember the last meal.  Everyone was very happy with their food. We did have a small hiccup with the chicken on the skewers not being totally done, but our server was very apologetic and offered to bring back some properly cooked chicken.  But he was already full so he declined.  They took the whole skewer meal off the bill without us asking or even putting up a fuss about it. I loved the surf & turf, perfectly cooked and the shrimp was wrapped in bacon - yum!We also had a couple of desserts - the flourless chocolate cake, which was a delicious fudge cake that we devoured ... and the creme brulee, which they brought with a lit candle for the birthdays we were celebrating.  My husband prefers his creme brulee custard a little more firm, but i thought it was perfect!  So I ate most of it  :)I think our server was new because he seemed to have a shadow most of the evening.  But he did a great job, was very personable, and if I was smart enough to find out his name, I would love to sit in his section again.They never seem to hurt for business, yet they still manage to make you feel like they want you to come back again and again!  And I will!  I love this restaurant - it's definitely a family favorite!
5	It's the best!  Downstairs, hanging at the bar, you can't beat it!  The food is EXCELLENT!!!
5	My favorite, favorite, favorite place to go!
5	This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants. The ambiance, the food, the service. This place has it all. I was a fan of Richardson's but the Rokerij is such a nice place and I hope they will continue to offer both menus. My only beef is we booked a table for a group on Open Table and when we got to the restaurant no reservations. Honestly I think the problem was on Open Table's end. We ended up having to go to a different place but that can happen anywhere.
5	Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I love this spot! The food is great, the dining vibe is perfect (think cozy wine cellar) and all the staff are friendly. I mostly have visited for lunch, so prices are decent. Not sure how the dinner prices compare. Tip: Stay away from he fresh bread... It is sinfully delicious, and you will not have willpower to leave room in your stomach for entrees (and they are worth it!)
2	I was expecting more since there are so many 5 star reviews on yelp. Three friends and I tried Rokerij for the first time on Saturday. We had a reservation for 6:30. The specials are on a blackboard above your head behind you if you are seated in the booths. You have the practically get out to read them. The paper menus have a lot of abbreviations so you have to keep remembering what the letters mean. I don't want to work that hard. Can't you just spell out the words? I ordered the surf and turf from the Richardson's side of the menu. What was delivered was an unappetizing mess. The plate and everything on it was covered in a chili sauce. It looked like dog food with a piece of steak in the middle. Really it was a terrible presentation. My husband's plate looked the same. The other two at our table ordered from the Rokerij side and at least it looked a lot better. The two bacon wrapped shrimp were flavorful and my steak was over cooked for medium but OK. I could have skipped the messy beans or at least they could put them in a cup. I may try them again but just for happy hour and I'll keep the Rokerij side of the menu.
5	For anyone who says that Phoenix has no culture and is just a desert wasteland... please take them to this amazing restaurant.  This place is owned by the same folks who owned Richardson's (which burned down a few years ago- I was devastated - but is being re-built next to Rokerij).  This place is dark, hip, inviting with great music and outstanding service.  The food here incredible... New Mexican cuisine meets Wild West flavors.  So good, you'll be kicking yourself for not going sooner.  Was there yesterday for brunch... carne adovada with scrambled eggs.  Seriously, the pork is the best I have ever had.  But everything on the menu is fantastic - steaks, seafood, tamales.  Yum.  Go here.
4	Hi Werner!! Yep gotta give a special shout out to the newest bartender on his first day  working at Rokerji. He was awesome and he spoiled me and Soraya rotten. :)This is cute but small little place. As I was walking up, two different couples instantly said, I hope you have a reservation as they were walking away. Uhoh... this can't be good. I called Soraya who was in route to ask if she had made reservations.. hmm nope. Crap. So when she arrives, I sucker her into going downstairs since everyone that went down, came right back up. Lo and behold there were two seats at the bar. Hmm interesting that no one saw that lol. We hoisted ourselves up and was immediately greeted by Werner as well as the rest of the bar staff. We ordered our wine a bottle of the cupcake wine, which was delicious and it was half off seeing as it was Monday :). We also ordered the prime rib sliders, brie toasts, and the tacos. The people next to us had commented on how hot the tacos were and was wondering if we could handle the heat as they said they couldn't. Don't get me wrong, they were spicy, but I make things way spicier so I was use to it. Soraya well not so much lol.The tacos, sliders, and brie toasts were so good, The prime rib was cooked perfectly and the au jus to dip it in was num yummy. We also ordered the flour-less chocolate cake that was more like a sinful fudge. Delicious. We even got to move over to the fire place to continue chatting it up and enjoy our wine and dessert.I will definitely be back, especially if Werner is working. :)
5	Heading out a bit late, I brought my dining companion to Dick's Hideaway, only to find that their kitchen closes earlier than I remembered, but they quickly invited us to go to the Rokerij, just about a block north, with the same menu. OK, good plan.At the Rokerij, we were directed downstairs, and what a lovely surprise. Cozy, intimate, and Incubus on the speakers. We sat at the bar and Ashley took very good care of us. Stella on tap - bonus for my dining companion. Iced tea for me with a generous slice of lemon (just the way I like it) didn't go empty. Thanks Ashley!We weren't particularly ravenous, so we decided to share - spinach salad (our instinct but also Ashley's recommendation) and the New Mexican Platter (green chile). This was just about the perfect choice for both of us.I have to say I was impressed with the salad. I'm seldom impressed with salads. I dated a chef who made spectacular salads at home. So yeah, this one was amazing. Even without added chicken or blackened shrimp. The Menu just says "spinach salad" what it doesn't say is: with green, red and yellow bell peppers, red onion, tomatoes, sliced fresh jalapenos, feta cheese and bacon shallot vinaigrette (french vinaigrette I think - with balsamic instead of red wine - nice!!! heavy on the mustard and light on the honey) perfection as far as I'm concerned. Just a little fresh cracked black pepper made it even better.The Entree arrived at the perfect time, and we quickly dove in. Perhaps a bit too quickly as the food was piping hot (not a bad thing). Now I claim to be a wimp about spicy food (especially chiles) but this dish stayed right at the edge of what I can handle, heat wise, and didn't push me over the edge. The flavors were amazing. A great sampler with a tamale, relleno and a chicken burro (heavy on the cheese - yum). Even my dining companion who likes things spicy agreed that there was good heat but tons of flavor (I think the hatch green chile surprised him). I had a great taste experience, trying a little of everything and there was still some left over, which Ashley had boxed for us. Value for the price - absolutely!
5	We enjoyed a phenomenal Christmas Eve dinner this year at Rokerij. We had a larger party (16) so we used the private room they have behind the bar. It was fantastic. Shannon and Paul were fantastic while we set this up and the night couldn't have been better. Tony did a great job with such a large group. Of course, the food is just crazy good.... The "Rokerij" side of the menu is traditional American fare while the "Richardson's" side of the menu is New Mexico-style Mexican food (WONDERFUL if you like spicy). Typical Rokerij, they also had about 10 specials (veal chops were great, salmon and grouper were perfect), plus everything ordered from the menu was wonderful (except the prime rib sliders were way over-cooked and bland). We highly recommend... Thanks Rokerij for a great night.
1	I heard good things about this place, and was looking forward to what the "basement" atmosphere would feel like, lowbrow, a little seedy, etc. Sadly, too many middle-aged men wearing flip flops out on a Friday night. Flip flops? UGH..in Winter? Also, our waiter SUCKED! He acted like he had a hard night and was unwilling to suggest a beer, so I am sure he spit in my draft...Anyhoo, does not matter as I will not return.
5	My favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I love the turkey enchiladas, and the leftovers are great in the morning reheated with two fried eggs on top. Great, somewhat hipster ambiance but not too young of a crowd. Not all that child friendly but they have been friendly to a friend's well behaved son we take there. Overall, great place. I live in Tucson where we have no shortage of good restaurants and still look forward to this place every time I visit Phoenix.
3	Not too bad for happy hour, if you can get a seat at the bar.  If not, it's regular prices for you.  Also, the portions have gotten smaller on their oh so tasty apps (in particular, the beef skewers).  Note to the owner, please don't park behind your patrons, making it impossible for them to exit the space without a spotter and a 20 point turn.  That sucks.
5	WOW!! What an amazing establishment.  I had the pleasure of sitting downstairs, as I entered through the kitchen.  This is my second time dining here, and since I entered this way the first time, I ended up doing it again. The martinis are absolutly amazing and the food is spectacular.  I had a dirty martini with amazing blue cheese stuffed olives, shaken violently, with that frothy layer of ice on top - outstanding.  Then I ordered up the enchiladas and tamales - which came with both red and green sauce.  Let me warn you the red sauce is NO JOKE! WHOA! Hot, but super yummy.  Everything was prepared perfectly and I could not be happier.  My date had the sliders and scallops - I don't think I have had a better prepared scallop.  The service is perfect, staff is happy, food is amazing and I will dine there again!
4	review from dicks hideway:This place is called many things from Rokerij(y), Richardsons, and Dick's Hideaway. We went and grabbed breakfast and it was ok but pretty pricey for what we got. I was not a fan of the filet mignon breakfast or the way they do the beans on the tortillas but it was an ok experience. The next time we decided to try it for an early dinner but then decided to sit at the bar since happy hour is 5$ for appetizers(small plates). This is where the place really shines. The onion rings are the best I have had, The filet mignon skewers were excellent. The bacon wrapped shrimp were good but nothing to write about, but the prime ribsliders were top notch. We left with a small bill after a few drinks and some good food and vowed to go with friends again soon.Go at happy hour and sample some small plates.
4	Went with my husband to Richardson's/Rokerij for the first time. He raved about this place. We went on a Wednesday night, with no reservation. The wait was about 1 hour. Luckily there were 2 bar seats that became available, so we took them. We ordered the 3 cheese flatbread appetizer and it was delicious. I had a large salad for dinner which was perfect, as I was not very hungry. My husband had the chicken enchiladas that I tasted and were very good. The food is cooked to order so it did take a while to get our meal, but it was worth the wait and service was excellent. While waiting, we chatted with several people at the bar, and one couple offered us a taste of their appetizer. We returned the favor, when flatbread came. One more thing, do not leave without getting the decadent truffle dessert. Heavenly, but not over done in any way. All in all a great experience. I do recommend reservations.
3	Went here with the Supper Club in November for a 6:30pm dinner. Our table ended up being downstairs, and we had to go through the kitchen. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the ambiance downstairs - candlelit lighting, cozy ambiance, and menu specials written on the chalkboard (felt very New York).The waiter was prompt in arriving to take our drink orders and to offer suggestions. I opted for the Prosecco ($10) since they didn't offer Moscato. We started off with the Roasted Garlic Plate ($16) based on the waiter's recommendation. I expected the garlic taste to be overpowering but it was quite subtle, especially when it was spread over a piece of bread and topped with the cheese sauce. I don't know where they get the garlic, but those things were humungous! (The garlic was almost the consistency of butter, the way it was roasted.)For the entree, I opted for the Pasta Heidi ($15), which consisted of green chile linguine, chunky slices of grilled chicken, and a chipotle cream sauce, served over a grilled tortilla. The plate came out piping hot and smelled so good! The pasta tasted so fresh and although I can handle spicy foods, this dish had my mouth burning. I could only handle a few small bites before I got full; had plenty of leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day.Two of the gals ordered the special of the night, something with bone marrow, an enchilada, a tamale, and a side of what looked like fettucine alfredo. The other gal ordered the Chimayo Chicken ($22), which is stuffed chicken breast with a side of asparagus. I took a bite of this and found it pretty spicy (stuffed with poblano chiles), but delicious!We shared a chocolate dessert, which is decently sized and enough to share between five gals. I could only handle one bite as it was too rich and chocolatey. Our waiter was very attentive, knows the menu, and provided very prompt service.
4	3 1/2 stars (but I'll round up).It's good, but not particularly outstanding.I love New Mexican (as in the state) food and understand the addition of broader American and Mexican options in the menu... but found myself wishing they had stuck with a single theme, and done it well.The sauces (for enchilada, chile relleno) were wonderfully flavored.  I was not impressed with the ceviche (probably because I was not anticipating a tomato based marinade).  Wine list was good.  It's an accessible menu.  I think I was hoping for more niche-cuisine.
5	They serve heaven on metal plates in the chilliest ambiance ever! I've never had a better brunch in my life! Try either the Carne Adovada with Eggs or the Breakfast Burrito with New Mexican Sausage...good grief!
5	Dinner on a Thursday night starting at 6pm downstairs table.It was beyond excellent, the servers downstairs ( Jeff and Steve ) bust their ass at every table, not just ours. The beers were always full, the food was served without a delay and our guest was impressed, and that is exactly why we take clients there. Dinner is pricey, but I have never been overcharged and always welcomed when you walk in. I am looking forward to Richardson's opening so it will be a bit easier to get tables downstairs.Thanks!
4	I love the food and it is usually excellent service. I always visit the downstairs cellar bar. It has a hip rustic feel and pretty good tunes on the ipod. One of my faves
5	The food is excellent and the portions are generous. It is probably one of the best happy hours in the valley with $5 glasses of wine and $5 smaller plates of appetizers. We have eaten here many many times and have always had great service and the food never disappoints!!
2	I had heard really good things about this place and had high hopes. I wanted to like it so badly but no dice. We were starving and conveyed this to our server who kept saying "take your timeeeee, no rush." Ha, no really. We would have loved it rushed. We were HUNGRY! We decided to try the quesadilla du jour after our server told us it was shredded pork in their special sauce. Instead, he brought us the oyster du jour. He said he thought we ordered the oysters. My boyfriend hates seafood and we had just had a lengthy discussion with the server regarding what the quesadilla of the day was. Huh, how did he get that wrong?! He kept running away as we were trying to give him our dinner order. It was just such a long process! My boyfriend ordered the sirloin steak medium rare and I ordered the green chili burger. His steak tasted like hamburger meat and my fries were cold. My burger was good though and I did enjoy the ambiance of sitting near the fireplace in a cozy booth, so thumbs up for that! We waited for our check. And waited. And waited. We put our credit card ON the table near the edge. And waited. Finally, our server brought it over. Our meal took over 2 hours for the two of us. I was falling asleep near the end as we tried to get the check. Between the service and the food, I don't think I'll give this place another shot.
4	Vindicated.  The first visit, I went with a girl friend and I had rock salt in my Oysters Rockafeller and a waitress with a bad attitude.  The second time I went down stairs, eat at the bar, had amazing service, and to-die-for steak tartar.  To die for.  A lovely platter with an egg yolk laden mountain of hand ground tartar yum, the complements were lovely and dish was just too good.  YUM!
5	Picked here for my birthday dinner w/ my family since I'd never been...everything was amazing.  We had about 8 of us so we ordered a few appetizers to start: the ceviche, steak skewers and calamari...all amazing.  My aunt and I split two fish specials - halibut and salmon, both were cooked perfectly and we picked the side of spicy potatoes stuffed in a green pepper.  Yummm. Someone else got one of the pizzas which was delicious with goat cheese and garlic, my brother got the meat trio special and was in heaven.  Then we got a tiramisu and creme brulee for dessert, the creme brulee was everyone's favorite -- vanilla bean flavor with berries.  Oh and the wine was half-off since it was a Monday so we had two bottles and also got one to go.  A really good red, I forget what kind.
4	This place has an interesting layout with multiple little areas to eat drink and overall be merry.  The patio is nice and I loved the little downstairs bar/cellar.  I had an array of appetizers for dinner that were all excellent.  Spicy and flavorful.  I'm really looking forward to returning!
5	Always amazing! Always a wait! Well worth it! I usually order off their specials menu and get seafood and its always on point! The cactus pear margaritas are awesome and I get 1-3 every time! I have yet to try their brunch but heard great things! If you are visiting make it a point to eat here! Understand its not mexican, its New Mexico style which is spicy but flavorful! You can always try the Richardsons or Dicks Hideaway too. A lot of the same things on the menu. My dad always gets the green chile stew or carne adovada when he visits from Chicago which has become quite often since he found this place!
5	I took a friend who was visiting from out of town to Saturday brunch and both of us were pleasantly surprised.  The atmosphere is great and the food even better.  I had the Benedict and Enchiladas (Richardsons Combo) and was a bit surprised (in a good way) by the burn of chili peppers.  The smoked pork loin on the Benedict was also noticeable and overall it's probably been one of the best meals I've had in quite a while.
5	Quite possibly one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. They never disappoint. We have taken lots of out of town guests there as well as locals who hadn't yet been (where have they been eating?!). Can't go wrong with any of their dishes but I love the carne adovado. Super smoky flavored and delicious. Their fish specials are to die for, wine list is killer and the atmosphere is super chill.
1	BEWARE...if you want a reservation for less than four people, you are out of luck! Apparently there is one table in the dungeon that is reserved for parties less than four but it was reserved for he night. However, we were invited to sit in the bar...yipeee!!! I think it's good for them that they are busy, but I think they should seriously evaluate how they treat new customers. This place was highly recommended, but impossibly unaccessible.
3	I've eaten here a number of times.  The small plates are usually decent.  Just a tip, don't order the Pork chop.  It's very thick and mine was completely raw on the inside.  I sent it back to be fired again and when it was returned it was seared on the outside but still completely raw on the inside.  Pork + raw = trichinosis.  I don't want worms.  Our server was very attentive however and recommended that it be comped to the manager.  The manager came over and mentioned that they would take care of the pork chop, but he seemed kind of put out by it.  No apology whatsoever.  I left a huge raw chop sitting on the table.  This service is atypical, but after waiting kind of long for the food, you think it would have been cooked enough.
4	I know that you want to hold onto the Richardson's brand, but when you have Rokerij and Richardson's name in one place, I just wondered "why." It is confusing. just sayin. Walked into the new patio space between the 2 structures and was really excited by all the space. It was a Tuesday 6:30 reservation, so the crowd was light. We were greeted with a smile and confirmed our reservation for 5. The hostess kindly pointed to the dining room and we ended up being corraled into the original dining room. We were in the way of the wine coolers and the restroom and the stairs... and we got the looks from the servers trying to move about. But where did they want us to go? Should have we been offered a spot to wait on the patio? Please work that out. Food: Once sat down, Ashley was our server and was quick to point our the specials. We sat for a little bit before the drinks came. We ordered some apps. Really slow service, but tasty apps. The #3 pizza was awesome. Cannot beat that sausage! We also got the blackened scallops. Excellent! For dinner, I had the Pork Chop Chorizo with the Green Chili Potato (GCP). Say no more! Excellent! There was a tenderloin ordered with GCP and the vegetables. Really good. Everyone loved their food! But Ashley was having a tough night. Wanted a second bottle of wine and they had to find one - took a little while. Once we got our second bottle of wine, we did not see anyone til we were done. My wife just reminded me of something really weird that happened. They had mixed up the sides on 2 dishes. So Ashley took both plates back to the kitchen and switched the sides on the plates and brought them back... Every restaurant I have ever been to, would have just brought a correct side to the person. It was really tacky.Certain things are just outstanding, but some items are just done better in NM. The ambiance is great. Now if I can just get some proper service...Quick Tip - If you don't mind sitting at the bar, go downstairs. Great service, and they have a reverse happy hour that has 1/2 price apps!
4	Ambiance: we had the private dining room in the back - PLUSServer: knew every special, could describe chipotle to a tourist from MN - PLUS PLUSMenu - interesting but not pretentious (big plus in my book)I know people go there for the southwest cuisine BUT.......I'm going to say go for the FISH. The handling of the swordfish and halibut and scallops was Excellent!  Cooked to perfection, paired with great Fresh sauces or salsas and such a great choice of veggie side dishes - beets!  broccolini!  other interesting stuff!!You get what you pay for.  Absolutely.  Next time will come much earlier so I can linger in the BAR for awhile - nice!  Adding Rokerij to my list of "take out-of-town guests here so they quit being snarky with me about Az having no interesting cuisine".
5	Happy hour at the bar was the best!  Great prices on their amazing fresh and flavorful food, tasty drinks to wash em down.
5	As flavorful a menu as you're ever going to find; the food tastes as good as it smells.  If you're looking for a quieter evening, be sure to request the Rokerij side, rather than Richardson's.  Unique, romantic, dark, and hip, the setting and dishes are one of a kind.  I plan on going back, but not before I finish my leftovers, today!
4	We've been going here for years but last Sunday we had the BEST steaks ever!  A tenderloin and a New York.  I don't know what was different but they were amazing.
1	Just returned from the Rockerij, we had a house salad that was mixed greens (Costco style) with 2 small pieces of tomato and croutons for $8.00!  Sorry folks this is not a salad this is a plate of lettuce.  $8.00!!   We ordered Prime Rib and once again we were disappointed, seriously the meat was tough and that "melt in your mouth anticipation"  just didn't happen.   We walked out vowing never to return again.  If you are commancing high prices then provide superior quality.  As for service, it is a reflection of the 'lack of flavor, quality and true concern for patrons', everyone is too busy to concern themselves with the details.  We dine out often, returning to places that once valued client, quality and service.  We will not retun to Rokerji,  Bummer, once upon a time the client, service and quality meats reined supreme.Sharon G.
5	A little pricey for the portions but welllllll worth it great food great atmosphere
4	We went here last night on our way home.  I love that they are open late as we didn't get there till after 10 pm.  If you go earlier, be prepared for a long line/wait.  The food here is always consistently good.  B/F loves the Chimayo Chicken with their fabulous Green Chili Potato.  Last night he had the roasted corn for the side which was amazing.  I got one of their specials - Swordfish with an fantastic pineapple cilantro salad and my sides were the GCP and zucchini.  Excellent meal all around.  My only complaint is, I wish they would get rid of the tv's or make it in a section that is away from the dining area.
4	Rokerij is worth the hype. We popped in last week for a late bite and left super happy. We scored a few seats at the bar, the place was SUPER crowded (which is a good sign on a Wednesday). I started with a beer called Banana Bread, which was awesome. Wifey had a glass of wine, but I can't remember what it was. We couldn't decide on what we wnated so we ended up splitting the entree of Blackened Salmon with Apple/Chipotle chutney and some potatoes. We also got three of the small Plates: mini reuben, crispy calamari and cilantro rubbed grilled shrimp. All the food was awesome. The salmon was cooked perfectly, although i think I would have liked the chutney on the side, but that's small fries. The calamari was cooked perfectly, the shrimp were awesome (although the bed of rice it came on was meh), and the mini reubens were great as well. I was super excited to try it, and it delivered. Can't wait to go back!
3	Our waiter, Rhino, tried very hard tho there was some inconsistency on the arrival of our dishes.  He was very helpful and tried to ease the confusion.  The food was great and you gotta love 1/2 price wine bottle night.
4	Dimly lit, intimate restaurant. It had a very laid back, yet sexy (as my fiance described it) ambiance. Our server was nice but a little forgetful about some little things (eg: ice bucket for our white wine). Overall food was pretty good.Appetizers:1) Bacon Wrapped Pan Seared Scallops: well cooked and loved the 4 different dipping sauces (green chile, salsa, tomato?, butter).2) Stuffed mushrooms: little mushroom heads but they were still good and the sauce wasn't bad.Entrees:1) Sea bass in mango sauce with a side of eggplant and potato with green chile2) New Mexico Enchiladas3) Ahi Tuna Salad over mixed greens4) Rokerij burger- everything was pretty good. My only complaint was that the tuna was a little over cooked (requested it medium rare and it came out more medium/medium-well)
5	Its just darn good food, great service what a find--- the wine list fantastic- it has all that "get out of Orange County/ not eating in stucco palace- strip mall" feel one needs - you did a great job Peter! great find!!!
2	We are a group of 7 who call ourselves the FNF (Friday-Night-Foodies). We eat together nearly every Friday evening. We like good service and good food and are willing to drive anywhere in the Valley and pay for a great evening. On the 6th of July, we went to the Rokerij. We have been to the Rokerij several times over the last 18 months. Each time we visit the Rokerij, the quality of the food and the service declines. But my husband, who very much likes their double cut, chorizo stuffed pork chop,   chose the Rokerij to celebrate his birthday. Early in the week, we booked a reservation for 7 people - When we arrived (remember they knew the size of our group and the time of our arrival) they scrunched us in a booth designed for 4 or 5 and then appended two uncomfortable chairs as an afterthought to the end of the booth table. The chairs were not the right height for the table and they were in the aisle where they were bumped by everyone moving through the area - really awful. I guess the waiter thought we were his buddies because he recognized us from earlier visits. Somehow this recognition gave him the right to behave overly familiar to the point of being flippant.  In addition to the rude waiter and the really uncomfortable, cramped and dark booth we were seated in, here are a few other specifics.Early in the week when my husband booked restaurant, he asked specifically if he could still get the chorizo stuffed pork chop. He was assured he could. When he ordered it, he was informed it was no longer on the menu. When he expressed his dismay, the waiter requested the kitchen to concoct a similar substitute which was chorizo between to pork chops. It arrived overcooked, dry and not at all resembling the real thing.I ordered the sea bass. It arrived smelly to the point of concern (yuck) and looked and tasted more like snapper or tilapia than sea bass. When I complained, our buddy, the waiter said it was California not Chilean sea bass. Well for nearly $40, I would have expected that be explained on the menu and before I ordered it not when it arrived. It was totally inedible.We ordered appetizers of bacon wrapped shrimp and bruschetta. The bacon was nearly raw, the shrimp were overcooked and tough and the bruschetta should have been described as tasteless, soggy bread with a blob of bottled salsa. I think there may have been sauces on the shrimp that would have been interesting but it was hard to get a taste with a fork...Why won't they supply spoons to get to the sauces? Why does the Rokerij have such a disdain of serving spoons? And, similar to their "serving spoon issue", what's with that no straws policy? Really? I brought a baggie with straws from home but at these prices, can't they just give me a straw through which I can drink my Belvidere? I mean, the drink was the only good thing I had all night.We agree, we may try the Rokerij one more time but after that, if it isn't better, we will take the Rokerij off the FNF list.
4	Love the basement bar. Nice atmosphere, bartenders know how to make decent cocktails and the Chile Relleno was gringofied, but tasty. Had some meat thing the bartender recommended- it was ok, but no love from me.I definitely recommend this place for a nice evening out.
4	Holy sweet tiny baby Jesus wrapped in swaddling clothes, this was one good-ass breakfast joint. I had their crab omelet... O_o it was fabulous! One of those "I feel so full but I will continue to eat this" type moments. You keep shoveling it in, pausing briefly for digestion, then shovel more in so you can finish it. I admittedly fell into a food coma about 3 hours later, but soo worth it. I really enjoyed their food and everyone else's food that I sampled from while they weren't looking. My only complaint was that it was ridiculously freezing in there, but no matter. My chattering teeth made it easier for me to eat faster.
4	Absolutely LOVE this bar! The ambiance is beautiful - I love the long walk down the stone steps (careful ladies in high heels), the fireplace and comfy seating. My only complaint is that it is REALLY small - not the place to go with a large group.  The bartenders are phenomenal as is the food. Check it out for a romantic date night - you won't be disappointed.
4	The bf and I wanted Dick's Hideaway for breakfast, and were not particular about which location we ate off the menu from. For some reason. we just didn't feel like being cramped in the location next to Luci's today.Very glad we tried the Rokerij! It was not busy for breakfast, so we got a giant comfy booth to ourselves. It was nice and dark inside which we like! The service was fine. We had Ryno today, and he was outgoing, spoke about a few menu items, and generally came back in a reasonable amount of time. I decided to try something different, and got the dungeness crab omelet featured on the blackboard. It was a generous amount of crab, peppers and onions, paired with the standard tortilla, potatoes and beans.  Not something I'd order on a regular basis, but this whole place is a bit of an adventure and the crab omelet really hit the spot.He got the meatloaf and eggs, mmm spicy!! You have to ask for ketchup for your potatoes, and we were only brought one ramekin, but that's okay. It sufficed.We don't really care for free valet as we are fully capable of parking our own car, but at least when we walked out, they brought our car immediately.Overall, not enough for the 5th star, but it's worth the drive for something different. We are dying to come back for lunch sometime and try that Pasta Heidi or Chimayo Chicken! I could find the back door and restrooms here, too. The ladies' room was clean with interesting artwork on the wall. This is silly, but I loved that they had the nice soft paper towels. Maybe that's why the menu prices are so high lol.
5	As usual, Rokerij doesn't disappoint.  We had a party of 7 and sat in the cellar in one of the booths which fit us well.  We had a vegetarian in our group and with mostly meat and fish dishes served we were a little worried she wouldn't find much to suit her tastes. Steven our server was great and pointed out so many options to her. She left full, satisfied and can't wait to go back for more.Others in our group had Lamb, Pork and SeaBass.  As usual it was delicious and did not dissapoint!  The servings are large so expect you may go home with a to-go box.  Wine list is great but if you prefer a cocktail they really know how to make them.We love the Rokerij and will visit the cellar again as well as Richardsons patio once this summer heat goes away.Keep up the good work Rokerij.
5	Best Kept Secret in Phoenix! If you havent been here, then you need to give it a try! This should be on your bucket list of things to check out in Phoenix. I have been here several times and the food is never disappointing . I have tried almost every appetizer on the menu ...lots of love in the food. Very dark and romantic in the basement area.
4	I went here with friends on a Friday night whim.  The wine and food were great and the atmosphere was even better. It is nice to have such a unique place for Phoenix   The ambiance was inviting and cozy.  I would definitely  recommend this place for a romantic evening.  (Be sure to take the elevator down stairs at some point.)
5	I've come here once for HH and twice for dinner. One of my favorite spots in the valley. The minute you walk into this underground-esque establishment, the ambience takes you over. Dimly lit, with an ultra-sexy atmosphere, the food is equally as impressive. My go to dish is the Rokerij Burger. Juicy, well-seasoned, and leaves you satisfied.  My only gripe is that it's always packed during the evening, and hard to get a table without a reservation. 5 stars :)
4	Favorite happyhourundergroundeverything bar. Service is always prompt, friendly, amazing. I'm in love with the Chipotle Ribs, they have fresh squeezed juice and have an awesome bar selection. The fireplace is nice, so are the super comfy bar stools:)Update: no more chipotle ribs:( But i'm really excited to try out their brunch menu!
5	Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! The Carne Adovada is the current contender for best dish on 16th St. The atmosphere, food and wine selection will have me coming back again and again. Great date spot, just noisy enough to not hear your date chewing but quiet enough to enjoy good conversation.
4	I have to say this particular visit was outstanding.  I had the osso bucco... all I can say is.. OMG tasty goodness!The Roasted garlic platter is always a favorite and we had some tasty oysters as well.  The cheese rich garlic platter which I've found can be hit or miss at other restaurants, was spot on, delicious, soft excellent.   The Oysters were as good as anything I've had in town.    Phoenix isn't exactly an Oyster hotspot.  They were tasty though.  I think the patio will be excellent when it cools down a bit and look forward to visiting again.Well done!
5	Great place, great food, nice staff. One of our favorite spots in Phoenix. It's a can't miss place to try!
4	I'm glad we made a reservations!  On Wednesday at 8:30pm it was packed, which is a good sign!  We were greeted right away and were taken downstairs to their cozy basement (or cellar I should say).  It is very inviting with wooden ceilings and rafters with alluring stone fireplaces and leather lounge chairs.  I felt like I should be drinking scotch or bourbon down there!  We were seated by our waiter who was quite charming considering the full bar of people chattering away.  I should also note, we were placed in a great spot in the corner where you could observe the busy room or simply enjoy your company as if we were in a room to ourselves.  We ordered two glasses of wine, and the Mushroom Brie Toast to start.  The toast was pretty unique and tasty, with a variety of mushrooms piled on perfectly toasted French bread with the perfect amount of cheese laced atop. For an entree I ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad with a soy vinaigrette.  It was good, with a healthy portion of perfectly cooked ahi, but the salad was kind of boring to me (mixed greens and tomatoes).  The vinaigrette was a bit on the soy-y side for me too...Yes I know that is what the dressing is called; I just expected something a bit more exciting and less salty.  My date had the NY strip.  It was prepared to temperature and covered in mushrooms, which we probably should have thought of pairing with and alternate appetizer...I think he had his fill of mushrooms for a month hahah!  But it was good nonetheless.  The asparagus was was gone first, so I am assuming it was delicious and the mashed potatoes (came in a little pot on the side) were just kind of boring.  Personally, I would have served the potatoes on the plate with the steak to soak up the wonderful au jus!  All in all we had a wonderful evening, in a great atmosphere, with great service and good food.  I would recommend it and I will be back!
4	My food here wasn't as good as it has been at Dick's.. still good though.
5	great seafood...nice quiet place...decent service...not cheap...special occaisions
5	Truly awesome experience. I went there with my family around a year ago and it was definitely a fulfilling night. I recommend the pork chops. It was the only place in 15 years of dining with him that my great uncle enjoyed and actually gave a praise to the food and service. Believe me, that is huge!!!
4	This was my first time to Rokerij. I was shocked at how packed it was, and after being there and having happy hour there, even more shocked at how packed it stayed throughout the entire evening! Thankfully we got there early enough to find a seat! With that said, it's totally understandable. Their happy hour menu was awesome and decently priced! The staff was super attentive, helpful and on top of their game.
5	Best hidden gem in Phoenix!  Get the Rokerij Steak with kings crab and jalepenos hollandaise sauce. Oh my...it is good.
5	This is a go-to for us. Whenever anyone is visiting from out of town, we take them to this spot. It feels local, it feels clandestine at times, it feels authentic. Wine list is stellar and I have never had a wine there I didn't like. I mean, I have never really had a wine anywhere I didn't like, so take it for what it's worth.  Pretty decent beer list and the martinis and margaritas are solid. Food is consistently one of those meals you are still talking about the next day. Went there recently with a group of 6. Roasted garlic as an appetizer? I was hesitant, but it was subtle buttery goodness that we all raved about. The carne adovado is a classic, never go wrong dish to order for dinner that a few people got. I typically order one of the fish specials and they are always creative dishes with an interesting sauce option. This time I got the seabass which was cooked to perfection and swimming in a chipotle orange sauce that I could've poured over anything (and everything) which I did with the accompanying vegetables. Not a place for kids-- in fact, I don't think they even have high chairs, so its a date night kinda place. Good news is-- if you didn't bring your kid, you aren't stuck next to another kid anyways. And I have to appreciate that.
5	Nothing but good things can be said about the food here, I simply haven't had a bad meal yet and doubt I ever will. I positively love New Mexican style cuisine and how spicy it can get. Pretty amazing how hard it is to find here in the Valley! Drop in for a weekend brunch meal and treat yourself to a super spicy Bloody Mary or a tasty mimosa and start the morning off right.
5	One of my all time favorite spots! The basement bar is fantastic. The atmosphere, the service, the music, the fireplace, the comfortable bar stools, the clientele, are all great.Generally my wife and I have gone here for reverse-HH, $5 wine and $5 small plates. (You cannot miss with the Tri-color roasted pepper bruschetta). Truth be told, we rarely stick to just the HH items. I can't resist the Rokerij salad (a magical wedge...get it with the turkey) and a good G&T (a nice pour and a 4.5 oz bottle of Fever Tree tonic). If HH isn't your thing, go for brunch or....dinner...as we finally did last Sunday. A group of six of us came in for dinner, aside from an awesome meal and great service (thank you, Jamie), we lucked into coming in on a day when they were serving green chile stew (spice-tastic) and 1/2 off bottles of wine. What?!?!? It was fantastic. My wife loved the smoked turkey and the green chile pork enchiladas (thanks, Richardson's) and another member of the party claimed the top sirloin was "the best she'd ever had." A great night was had by all. If you haven't tried this place, you are missing out.
5	MUST experience for yourself! Very cozy, good place to talk over drinks & appetizers, love the fire place & basement-like atmosphere.
5	Love this place! I can't seem to stop ordering the New Mexico Enchiladas each time I go. I really need to branch out but I love them so.
1	Let me preface this by saying this used to be my favorite restaurant in PHX... This experience has changed that...  I made a reservation for 11 5 days before the dinner at 730 pm on a Sat..  after arriving promptly at 730 we were forced to wait 20 minutesonly to be sat at 2 separate booths...  Completetly defeating the purpose of a group dining experience..  Now the bad part...  For dinner I ordered off the special menu a wild boar bacon wrapped bone in beef tenderloin cooked rare..  I received a baconless well done hunk of meat...  I pointed this out to the waitress she took the meal hoping to have it prepared correctly..  a few minutes later the manager approached the table and informed me they were out of the bacon ( one would think they would know that before the meal was prepared and attempted to slide this past the diner). I was offered a replacement meal , but declined and decided to go with the soup.... This prompted the manager to inform me it was a spicy dish to which I accepted and said it was fine, he proceeded to inform me of the heat of the dish 2 more times both times I assured him this was fine leading him to question my order again at which time I was in disbelief and asked if there is some reason he doesn't want me to  have the dish..   this was enough to finally agree to let me place the order the soup came and was excellent and spicy.   I managed to persevere through the heat and eat the whole bowl ( I enjoy spicy food).  This ruined the whole experience for me ..  luckily everyone else's meals were enjoyable its just disappointing being treated like that at a place I thought so highly of and do everythingin my power to get people I care about to do it....  A sad day
3	Have always liked the food here but that's not everything. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait for 5 but we could go next door. However no one explained that meant an entirely different menu. We eventually were moved back to this location.  Very unaccommodating with young children. No high chairs, no straws, and $3 for a glass of milk. Wait staff was not very personable and seemed not to want to be bothered. Just not worth spending the money to be treated like an inconvenience. The host/manager was very nice and helpful though and the food is still good.
5	Great ambience, great food, great drinks.  What more could you ask for!
5	I think I have to give this place the nod as my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  The food is fantastic, good service, good atmosphere, it's perfect.  I've had the Rokerij steak twice, it's perfect.  The dungeness crab is plentiful and melts in your mouth alongside the delicious fillet.  I'm more of a meat and potatoes kind of guy and I even crave the vegetables here, they are so fresh and tasty.  I've also had the sea bass on one occasion and that was equally wonderful.  The only thing that could maybe have been better was if our server (on one occasion) was a little more knowledgeable about the wine list.  It's big, I'll give her that, but she wasn't familiar with many of the bottles on the reserve list.  We received great service though, so I can't fault them there.  This is my go to for a great meal or special occasion.Reserving a table through opentable/yelp app was extremely easy and accurate, walked and was seated right away.
5	No clue how I didn't know about this place before...went after a recommendation from a friend and I officially found my new favorite spot. Had the cilantro rubbed shrimp, tomato mozzarella pizza and chocolate fudge/ice cream dessert. Sat next to the fireplace and relaxed for 2 hours, it was like a time warp. In a good way.
2	Haven't eaten at the Rokerij in about a year - a pleasant experience then, but a disappointing visit this time.  Maybe I hit it on a bad night?  The appetizer was meager given the price, the entrees were ok, but nothing exceptional.  No comments about how good the food was across the board.  The dessert actually was very good, but too little too late.  I would think twice before going back, especially considering all of the great choices in the Phoenix/Scottsdale metro area.
5	Love it! Didn't make it for happy hour, but did get a half price bottle of wine (Sundays, Mondays and Tuesdays). Tried to sit downstairs, but it was already full. The waiter was great at running up the stairs and securing us a place at the bar. Had a lot of fun sitting at bar watching the food being cooked on the grill and talking with folks next to us. Shared the bacon wrapped shrimp (so-so) and spicy lettuce wraps (great) as well as a cheeseburger (one of the best I've had) with my husband and it was definitely enough food. We were so excited about the cheeseburger, we never bothered to check out the specials on the large blackboard (reason to return). Overall meal was great, staff (Phil at the bar in particular) were very friendly, and this place was relaxing and fun! We will definitely be back!
4	Rokerij has amazing food whether for breakfast, dinner or happy hour! I'm a fan of their brunch which is served on sizzling metal plates to ensure your food is hot and fresh. The only bad thing is their prices can be a little spendy  and I hate having to valet for breakfast! Try their crab tostadas or steak toasts, amazing!!
5	Love every meal we've had here! Small plates are awesome, half price wine is awesome, GCP.... AWESOME!  Can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu, meals are hearty
5	It was silly to only give this legendary place 4 stars, I stand corrected by myself
4	Rokerij is our sunday brunch spot for $5 mimosas. $5 make you hola.
4	Great spot. Great Bar! Have only been once with a party of 3, got us right in, on a thur night around 700!
5	The BEST brie & tenderloin toast. Yum!!!  But make sure you ask for the triple cream brie, it's new.....Again, YUM!!!
5	What a great dinner spot! We had several apps including the tenderloin toast &  meatballs - both were excellent. I then had the Rokerij steak, Awesome!! I'll be back for sure!
1	Okay food, terrible, slow and arrogant service.  You guys need to change your attitude.  The server could have cared less about her service, ignored, us and the food took forever! Not even an acknolwedgement from the staff that the food was taking too long. Also, we were sat down about 15 to 30 min after our seating time and there was not enough space for us to sit to wait for our table as there are only 4 chairs - 2 back to back so I had to sit on the edge as there were several of us. After asking to get a drink a waitress shoved a menu in my face and said she would take my order and never came around. We also had to chase our check down as well.
5	Rokerij is my favorite restaurant in this part of town.Everything i have tried has been quite enjoyable and the service is generally quite good. It does fill up at times so I recommend planning ahead for this.The basement area is fun but I enjoy the atmosphere in the entire restaurant. The price is very reasonable given the quality of the food.I can easily recommend Rokerij and find that it is a great value and dining experience.
1	Used to be one of our favorites, though the last two times in have disappointed. Recent outing included drinks downstairs and staff was unfriendly and uninterested in helping guests.  Dinner upstairs was a poor experience. Our entrees for our party came out about 10 minutes apart and to make matters worse two entrees were incorrect. One entree was replaced and the second was replaced using the previous plate with a portion of the meal replaced.  Has Rokerij lost it's touch?
2	The Rokerij is/was my favorite restaurant in town.  That is until recently...  a couple weeks ago I made a reservation mid week for one of the tables downstairs.  When I got there I was told it wasn't available.  The hostess wasn't rude but wasn't about to accomodate.  I reluctantly agreed to sit at a teable up stairs.  I ordered the usual, beef toasts, The Rokerij Steak - All winners in the past and the food I most brag about with friends and family.  Unfortunately the beef toasts were over cooked and the cheese wasn't melted.  Very disappointing as expectations are always high when eating here.  The food has always been great.  Worth the long wait to be seated.  But the steak, the item that frankly I compare all other steaks to, was another disappointment.  It came out at least a couple ounces smaller than normal and frankly just wasn't that good.  I'm willing to pay for a great steak.  Not sure what happened here but this meal fell way short of "great" status and was not worth the money spent.  Guys, I love this place and often take friends, colleagues from out of state to dine here.  But something is slipping.  Please get this under control.  I don't want to look for another favorite restaurant.  (but I will )
3	Only went here to meet friends for happy hour and sat at the bar on the most cushioned giant sized barstools.  These stool were so tightly packed together that it was difficult to use and without back support they were not comfortable for long.The staff was very attentive upon our arrival but once they discovered that we were waiting for a fourth to join us it was impossible to get the servers attention again with any regularity. In order to take advantage of the happy hour prices (which I recommend as the menu is pricey) food was ordered prior to the last member arriving.  The appetizer portions were generous. The party tried the prime rib sliders which were tasty although a little too fatty for their liking.  The meatball skewers were next. The meatball was a little dry but it was covered in a tomato sauce that had some good spiciness. It was awesome. Also tried the chicken lettuce wraps.  They were a bit disappointing in so much as the chicken used was a cold chicken salad style instead of a warmed chicken. Overall I wouldn't mind giving this place another chance to be able to sample some of the dinner and salad items.  But as others state...you better make a reservation.
4	I sometimes feel like I give too many 4 star reviews, but this place really was quite good. So we'll call it 3.5 rounded up to 4. We came here for a friend's engagement party. It's a bit hard to find, and be prepared for the parking situation to be hairy. I would just keep a few bucks of cash on me so that you can just make use of the complimentary valet.It's a neat setup- I think its' 3 different restaurants in one building. Our reservation was for quite a bit later, but we were able to wait in the outside bar area, where we hung out and had some drinks before being seated. They did graciously try to work us in early- something we very much appreciated, given that it was Saturday and we had a big group.The food was really great. The whole diet thing kind of gets in the way of true blue Mexican food (Rokerij specializes in New Mexico Tex-Mex) but I wound up getting their peppercorn steak. Incredible. It's a super tender cut of sirloin balanced on a slab of french bread, and the whole plate is drenched in this savory, creamy, not too peppery sauce. OMG incredible. My husband got another steak as well, and it was also really good. I asked for rare and got mine pretty bloody, so that was great. Didn't get to taste anybody else's items about the table, but everybody seemed pretty satisfied.One last tip- the online menu is not super accurate. They have a pretty great specials menu scribbled on a chalkboard- there were very many things on there that I was tempted by that did not show on their online menu. So keep an open mind when you go.
5	Another great night, 730 pm on a Friday!  Chilean Sea Bass..SOO good. Seriously taste like butter! So sad that we are moving out of this neighborhood. Honestly our guy waiting on us...total drag, at least if we are paying you, seem semi happy to be there, (Total a buzz kill)
5	Quality atmosphere serving quality Southwestern cuisine.From happy hour to brunch to wowing out-of-town clients and friends this is my go-to restaurant.  Please, whatever you do, start with the roasted garlic plate or bacon wrapped shrimp and a prickly pear margarita.  Follow up this five star opener with any other southwestern entree paired with an earthy red wine and the magic of the Rokerij will engulf you.Secret Tip:  Sister restaurant Dick's Hideaway at 16th and Bethany Home for the same menu in a top-secret location.  Find me here for brunch every other Sunday (Carne Adovado and Eggs)
4	NOT MEXICAN - wish they would fix this.I went for happy hour which is weeknights after 10pm and also earlier I believe. You can have their amazing appetizers for only $5. You have to sit at the bar but that's great. That's where they cook the food!Everything was delicious: seafood, meat, vegetables.It is almost impossible to get in for dinner on a Fri/Sat night. They get busy.
2	I want to love this place so much.  I want to roll around nekkid with it.  But sadly I had a very disappointing experience there.  We lucked out and got a seat at the bar in the basement.  The basement is one of the coolest places to take a date in town. The atmosphere and wine did not disappoint.  I ordered their caesar salad with shrimp. When asked if I wanted it grilled or blackened, I chose grilled. Sadly when my salad arrived, the shrimp had been blackened and all moisture evaporated from them.  They were like chewy Stretch Armstrongs.  When I pointed this out to the bartender, she simply said, "that's how it comes.'  I get that not everyone's tastes are the same.  But I cannot think of anyone who would have enjoyed gnawing on these poor little creatures who sat sadly in a bed of lettuce cores and stems.  The brie toast was amazing, so they are capable.I will only return for drinks and to soak up the atmosphere.  They SO need to fix the quality of their food or at least their service when something like this happens.
2	I have to say I agree with a couple of the other reviews.  I SO want to like this place - the atmosphere is amazing, but the food and service will keep me away.Went there once again the other day and sat at the bar as it was still early enough to get a seat.  Waited about 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order - not a huge deal as we were there to relax and in no hurry - but at Hillstone someone would have taken our drink order in 1 minute. Could just be me, the music was too loud and too catering to a 20 something crowd.  Doesn't fit the cool vibe of the space and sounds like the bartender or dishwasher selected the music.Ordered 3 small plates.  Calamari was cold.  Shrimp dish with toast was best and toast with mushrooms could be SO much better.  Overall, below average.  Ordered desert - chocolate torte - which was impossible to eat as it felt like it just came out of the freezer.  It needed one hour of defrost time.  To his credit, our server took that off our bill (without our asking, so good job there).Overall, atmosphere is great.  But, that's it.
4	From the past reviews i read people complained about the service, So that was the thing i was looking for the service. Walked in threw the kitchen witch i thought was cool, down to the basement, Dope spot for a couple beers and a conversation with a lady friend, Have to say the service was great! gets an A from me, Food was So So bacon wrapped shrimp WOW. Will be back just for the beers and basement, during happy hour of course.....
3	This place was ok.  It was really in the  middle for me.  The space is pretty cool if you like dark, cave like spaces.  I ate downstairs which was a really cool space for a bar and would be a great place to gather friends for happy hour.  The food was mediocre in my opinion.  I had a dish that was "smoked" and  the smoke flavor really overpowered the dish.  It was almost to the point where I couldn't figure out if it was meant to taste that way or if maybe it was burnt.In any rate, I probably would list this on my places in the valley to return to.
1	What a disappointment. We began our late night (9:30) dinning experience here really happy with high expectations as the ambiance was wonderful and the recommendations were good. However, we left bitter and disappointed. My sister and I enjoyed two lovely "small plates" one was beef skewers and the other a shrimp bruschetta type dish. It was all down hill after that. Shortly after ordering our main courses we noticed a bug crawling on the top of our booth...yeah, it was a COCKROACH!!! I grabbed it in my napkin and crumpled it up and left in a side station area. We both were grossed out but were not going to make a huge fuss and have it ruin our meal. We're both flexible and understanding and didn't complain. But seeing that in a restaurant is really inexcusable and disgusting-and definitely dampers your appetite for their food. Where are his friends? Are they in the kitchen?! YUCK!!! We then waited 45 minutes for our food: an enchilada plate and a relleno plate. When they set down the steaming hot plates the food was cooked to nuclear levels because there  was a one inch crust around the plate and the beans were so dried out it was comical. Now mind you, these are $16 and $18 dollar plates of food. That is borderline fine dinning pricing and should come out looking as such. We promptly sent the food back and the manager came out and apologized which was appreciated. He stated that "it was inexcusable the way the food came out (which our server didn't monitor) and that his cook is obviously more interested in cleaning and getting out of here, then preparing the food." They offered to remake the food but it was literally too late around 10:45 and we didn't want to wait. They then took the food off but left the other stuff on. The bill came out to around 42 dollars. Which seemed unreasonable after only having a beer, a cocktail, two appetizers and a totally ruined dinning experience. We didn't mention the cockroach or the fact that it was my 30th birthday to the manager but it boils down to this: after that kind of experience he could of saved our business by comping the meal. The fact that we had TWO ruined entrees and walked out of their still hungry AND paying 40 dollars is bullshit. There are too many other quality options in this town with exceptional service. I wont ever go back to Rokerij.
5	So, random Monday off and we wanted to try somewhere new.  We saw that Rokerij had 1/2 off wine on Mondays....perfect.  We have had bad luck with new places lately so when we walked in and the place was so dark it looked like a basement, we got nervous.  Only negative about our entire experience is that we wanted to sit on the patio, and we couldn't bc technically the patio is only for their sister restaurant 'Richardsons'.  After our initial reservations, our experience quickly became one of our favs.  We ordered from the small plates, 3 apps for $25.  Everything was seriously amazing.  We did order a 4th app which again didn't disappoint.  Service was amazing.  Our server was really passionate about the food, saying he himself only got a job after eating here and loving it so much.  He also pointed out that happy hour at the bar includes every app for $5 and wine for $5....seriously?!  These apps are not your standard bar apps.  They include, salmon, oysters and more.  Seriously so good.  This will be our new hang out.  So glad we found this new amazing place.  It's definitely a must.
4	Be flexible when you come here because there might be a really long wait if you don't have a reservation (accepted for groups 4 or more). The food is a bit pricey (spent $83 the other day for 2 adults and a child). Despite this, I really love the New Mexican cuisine and flavors, although more often than not, the food is a little too spicy for me. My favorites are their bacon wrapped shrimp and roasted garlic plate. Fair warning that the menu is very similar to Richardsons. The other day, I ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp (5 for $16) and thought it was the dinner. The server told me I was confusing it with Richardson's and that at Rokerij, it was an app. Parking is valet, of course, which is a little annoying but standard in central Phoenix.
2	Not impressed. The service was below average. Food ok. Atmosphere very nice.
4	Awesome Happy Hour! This is a super chill spot on 16th Street with a fantastic Happy Hour and Reverse Happy Hour that rivals any in town with lots of great food options and a really good selection of wines for $5 at Happy Hour prices. The atmosphere is great and there is an open grill right in front of the bar where you can watch your food being prepared, a huge fire place area that is really chill for just chatting with a date. It is one of those environments that just can't help but relax you after a long week.  If you go make sure and check out the downstairs, it is very hidden and not easily accessible but i have found only a few places better for a first date (not a blind date LOL) than the rokerij.
5	Go here every year I am in Phoenix.  Love it.
5	I travel to Phoenix for business a couple times a year, and all you need to know about this place is I make a point to eat dinner there at least once during every trip.  Love this place, as well as their other restaurants Dick's Hideaway and Richardson's.  If you live in Phoenix and never tried this place, do yourself a favor and check it out - you won't be disappointed.   Go during happy hour and save yourself a couple bucks.
4	So, after being kicked to the curb by a former favorite outdoor place, I wound up here with a good friend.  I love this place but have been so-so on the pricing and service.  I really needed to have a good experience to make up for my terrible morning.  What a good time, Rokerij!  As always, I had the killer enchiladas with red sauce and as always, they did not disappoint!  The staff was pleasant and attentive, clearly more attention is being paid there.  The best part was a good Bloody (low spice) and beer back with (wait for it) STRAWS!!!  Apparently their personal jihad against the evil liquor conveyance device has been lifted.  The experience was lovely!
4	Wow!  This place is good.  My first time in Phoenix and if I ever get back I'll be sure to dine here.  So should you.  Prego.  (You're welcome.)
4	Came here during happy hour so you get a few dollars off the small and big plates.*Mushroom toast - good but nothing special.  Probably won't get again.* Shrimp Piri Piri - loved the sauce it came in.   Lots of shrimp.* Bacon-wrapped shrimp - big shrimp.  I didn't think anything of the sauces but the shrimp were really good!  But then again, can you go wrong with wrapping it with bacon?* Crab Tostadas - mmmm....those were yummy.  Lots of crab and really refreshing.  Definitely one to get again.* Half order of roasted garlic.  I love roasted garlic but this one wasn't my favorite.  Something about the flavor of the garlic didn't seem right.  It was almost bitter but mild at the same time.
5	This is one of those rare places that works for almost any time of day, brunch, lunch dinner, reverse happy hour - this place can cater to your needs perfectly.Starting with brunch.  I have my daughter every other weekend and whenever she stays over we make it a point to walk over for brunch at least one morning if not both that she's here.  The pancakes are great and to be perfectly honest, between the three large pancakes that they bring out - the plate of eggs and stack of bacon (or whatever other meat you choose) this easy feeds the two of us and is very reasonably priced.  From the adult side of the menu, you can't go wrong with tenderloin benedict topped with jalapeno hollandaise sauce.  Lunch / Dinner depending on the occasion choose between the normal topside restaurant or the intimate setting of the basement - this place will never fail to deliver.  Fantastic blend of perfectly prepared meat / fish with a slightly southwestern flare in the accompanying sauces and sides.Happy Hour - Reverse or not - Get a spot at the pounded copper bar and enjoy one of the better "food special" happy hours in the neighborhood.  $5 small plates are a steal and the ambiance of the basement fireplace can't be beat. (Perfect for a date night)
4	Brie toast!!! Yum!!!
5	Two words Rokerij Steak.  It's a filet topped with dungeness crab and jalapeno hollandaise.  Be sure to get it with the green chili potato!Or if you like Osso Buco it's often on the specials board and it's amazingly good.
3	I visited the Rokerij a few months back and it was pretty good. The hype of the place didn't really live up to expectations, but maybe it was just because we were in a back room.. We had a private back room. The server forgot to put in a couple orders, one of the girls ended up getting her food after all of us were done. We did have some great mimosas, and our plate was good. I might try this again someday. Maybe on a date or something. The lights were really low and romantic. I personally like it a little brighter so we can see the people around us, but I get the purpose of the dim effect. This place would be nice if you're looking for a fancy dinner with a date.
4	Always the benefit of exploring new territory.   Super stoked  with this place and the ambiance. It  is romantic with the setting whether  you're  at the table or the bar.  The food stole the show for sure.  They don't take reservations less than 4  so it's a  battle if you show up a one on one sesh especially for the trad date type gig.  Anywho we got the scallops wrapped in bacon and only thing to say is that it was DELISH!!!  There were 4 types of dipping sauce acting as a base almost slathering the entire dish but they were overpowering.  We also split the lamb and I was teetering about the dish.  The sides were delish:  Roasted beets and some type of Jalapeno mashed taters thing which was RADTASTIC!  The Lamb was good but something was missing along the lines of seasoning.  Overall wonderful dish.  We finished up with a creme brulee which definitely hit the spot for the evening.  Had a great time and really loved checking out Richardsons as well!!!  Totally will be back!!!
5	Seriously this is about as cool of a vibe and as good of food as you will find at this price. Richardson's upstairs or Rokerij downstairs are both a blast! I love how many different seating styles there are, and the staff's enthusiasm is contagious. The food is remarkable - we went crazy and tried several of the $5 plates after 10pm. The spicy scallops are really hot (and spectacular) - see photos.
3	I have to say I was very disappointed with this place, considering the level of reviews it's received, the location nearby lots of other great spots, and just the look, feel and menu.The first problem was before we even went.  I had tried to call and make a reservation, but I couldn't hear the person who answered the phone at all - it was super crackly and cutting out with only tiny bits and pieces coming through.  I tried calling a few times with the same result.  So I had to just give up and go when we were ready to eat and hope we could get a seat in a decent amount of time.  When we got there, though, they said they could seat us, but we'd have to leave in one hour for another reservation (wonder how they got theirs!).  We thought an hour should be plenty, so went ahead.  But then we proceeded to sit there for about 25 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us at all - so there went almost half our time, despite 4 servers just kind of slowly wandering around and standing around.  I tried hard to get their attention to no avail until I finally got up and asked.  Our server just made a lame excuse.The problems just continued from there, taking forever to get our appetizer, a bad drink for my wife, more crappy, inattentive service, and finally to top it off - bad food too!!  I was pretty shocked actually.  But both of our dishes were bad.  My wife got a fish special that was super bland, and I got a steak that was sitting on top of a soggy piece of bread, swimming in a pool of watery sauce that was spilling off the plate as the server so carefully tried to set it down in front of me.It kind of seemed to us that maybe this place used to be good, or is maybe good on other nights or something, but this was a Friday night and for everything to be bad, from start to finish like that just seems pretty suspect.  As if the whole regular staff, including the chefs were out on vacation or something.I am giving it the benefit of the doubt and not rating it more harshly because there was really good atmosphere and decor, the server was friendly when she was there, and at least parts of the food were good - enough to think maybe it really was just a horribly off night.  I'm not sure if we'd go back, though, considering the price - huge waste of $$ and way overrated if this is the norm!
5	1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday and Monday!!
4	Great happy hour. Small, dark, divey vibe. Perfect for a romantic date or just low-key time with a couple friends. I've never been disappointed by the food but the wine list could use a makeover.
4	fun atmosphere, good people watching and yummy food!
5	I eat there all the time, almost once a week. I love sitting at the bar and watching the kitchen. They have a great porterhouse that my daughter & I love to share AWESOME!  I usually have their seared Ahi salad ( salad is a little plain) and a side of vegetables. Love the variety of fresh vegetables. Also just recently tried their double bone in pork chop-very good. Service is usually good, not stellar.
3	I'm very generous in this 3 star review.  This has been my absolute go to restaurant for 4 years. I was obsessed with their wine, service, bread, green chile potatoes, red meat (when I still ate it) and their fish specials. Every time we've had special guests in town, we've taken them here. Due to having a child , getting healthier and busier, it's been months since our visit. It was hot, sweaty, and we totally ignored.  After ordering entrees and  several bottles, we saw our food eons later.  There was no bread as well. And the more I thought about it, our old waiter was much better, yet he NEVER remembered us. Even though we came in regularly (weekly) and were very generous. So mabeye I shouldn't be surprised. I guess I wanted to like this place more than it deserved :(
4	This turned out to be such a delightful surprise/experience was not starving but had my heart set on small plates and a drink or two and this place delivered just that. We got a cozy spot right next to the fireplace and some dirttyyy martinis to start things out. The vibe here is very chill and laid back. I likey. We tried some shrimp, calamari, bruschetta, lettuce wraps and my boo went for the open faced burger. I LOVED the lettuce wraps. my style for sure. Everything was tasty and flavorful and hit the spot. Not crazy expensive either. that's always a +
3	My go to place has been slipping a little.  The last couple of times I've come the food is either over cooked or under cooked.  The brie & tenderloin toast was over cooked the last 2 times to where the toast was burnt and still served and the bacon on the bacon wrapped shrimp was on the raw side. The service is still very good and the patio is awesome when the weather is nice.  They also have the best reverse happy hour which starts at 10 PM and I believe and goes til 1 AM.
4	For all you Rokerij fans and those looking for great food in Phoenix, you must try the new roasted duck with orange chipotle glaze! All I can say is OH MY GOSH! Truly the best duck I have ever had. We came for the happy hour which by the way is awesome but we couldn't resist venturing into the regular menu when there were such interesting options. Mike and Brent are great too and very knowledgable! Fabulous experience.
4	Chill, cool, little spot. I love the fact that you go underground to get to the romantically lit bar area. It's a safe haven from the blistering Arizona sun. I like to sit by the fire, kick up my feet, and lounge for a few hours.Get the prickly pear margarita, you won't be sorry.
4	Fantastic happy hour selection & prices; the restaurant has great charm (even the dimly lit bar in the lower level)
1	It was abnormally warm inside and the food was sub par at best.  Drinks were also below average.  Not worth the price or time.  I had high expectations for this place and it definitely did not live up.
4	Went for dinner prior to the DBACKS game. When you pull into the parking lot there is very limited parking, but they do have complimentary valet service. You almost have to use this service because without it there is no place to park. My son and I both got the Roikerij Steak which was amazing. My wife and mother-in law were not that hungry so they got some appetizers. My wife said it was just "OK". The ambience in this place is excellent. Great place for a romantic dinner. The service was very good. We had what seemed like 2 servers. One took our order and the other checked on us. They seemed a but out of synch as our server would ask us a question, then the other would ask the same question. I did not go with 5 stars because I think the price is a bit over the top.
5	I came here for dinner with a friend the other night. The wine was good and the food was fantastic. Next time, I may just sit at the bar and order the $5.00 plates while I overindulge on beer.Great choice. The ambiance is second-to-none.
3	Not quite as ON as the Dicks Hideaway. Stick to the Adovada here. Tried the Prime Rib sliders last time and tey were very very skimpy thin and the bread was too much for the meat.
4	I've adored the downstairs bar and fireplace here for years - and had always been happy with the food and service. Somehow, the place fell out of rotation and off my radar for years.Until last week - when I was invited to join a small group for reverse happy hour.$5 wine, draft, marg. $5 small plates.And all well worth it!Between the four of us, we ordered:2 orders of prime rib sliders1 order carne adovada sliders2 order shrimp piri piri2 orders smoked salmon1 order grilled oysters1 order rokerij oystersAnd it was WAY too much! Lots of food went home with us.The shrimp piri piri with toast points was amazing - will definitely be ordering it again.The carne adovada sliders were the highlight of the night. GREAT flavor!The prime rib sliders were okay - but as others have pointed out - quite skimpy.The salmon was tasty - but we would have been fine with one order instead of 2.Grilled oysters were OK. I got spoiled with grilled oysters in New Orleans - these didn't come close.Rokerij oysters were fantastic and will be ordered again, for sure.Happily - there's lots on the menu we didn't get to. Which means a great excuse to go back. Soon, and most likely often.For me, the best part is the 10pm to close happy hour - even on Sunday. Not too many people going out for food and drink at 10 on a Sunday - gives me a guarantee of a spot at the bar and stellar service.WIN!
4	The downstairs bar is a comfy heaven!! The happy hour is a must to attend. They have $5 menu of some tasty dishes. The seared salmon was the best!!! The staff is wonderful. Love this place!!
5	Downstairs bar is very intimate and cozy!! Not to mention friendly, the staff there is anything but shy. Dave recommended his faves on the menu and  took us on a tour of the whole rest of he restaurant after we were done with dinner. The pasta Heidi is a must have if you're a first timer!!
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!  I can't say enough good things about this place!  I first discovered this lil gem barhopping with a friend of mine and was completely in awe of the whole ambiance of the place.  The entrance is a narrow stone stairway that leads down to a small bar area with a couple of booths and seats in front of a fireplace.  Completely underground and secluded from the chaotic world above.  We had a drink and went on our way to Richardson's next door which was also amazing, but that's a whole other review.  My second experience was when my best friend and I planned our birthday dinner with our guys.  She made our reservations and requested one of the booths, which we were accomodated with.  Our server was great, she was friendly and very attentive.  We ordered chicken skewers as our appetizer, I had the chicken schnitzel, my best friend had the pork adobada, and the guys both ordered the prime rib.  All were delicious!  The prime ribs were huge!  We had a great time.  It's a quiet lil hole in the wall bar/restaurant.  Great for catching up with a friend over drinks or a date night!  I can't wait to go again!
5	New Mexican yelp!   This is New Mexican!  And how great it is....green chilies galore.  The ambience makes it a special place for dinner, and a relaxing, cooling place in the summer.  A special place in the squaw peak corridor.
4	Phenomenal service, atmosphere and food.  My sweet baboo and I decided to finally check this place out after driving past it a gazillion and a half times. The downstairs area was very chill, but we decided to head upstairs to where we thought the magic was happening (we are now convinced that magic happens all over the building... (was that the prickly pear margarita talking? Maybe. But I'd listen to anything that yummy wench has to say, so put that in your pipe). We started off with the tenderloin toasts...Scrumptious. Rare/Seared tenderloin with brie and lightly toasted bread (sourdough??)? Yes please. We were going to continue to order small and big plates because everything our server said sounded amazing, but then we saw the pizza portion of the menu and decided to go for it. We created a masterpiece!! (Well...I guess the guys in the kitchen helped too): Green chile salsa for the base, Carne adovada (OMG!), Mexican sausage, Roasted corn and Monterey jack cheese w/ an additional side of that delectible green chile sauce. It was...a magnificent pizza. I could just take that carne adovada and eat it out of the pot.  Make sure to look at the walls/chalkboards to see what delicious specials they have. I've heard the bacon wrapped scallops are out of this world.
5	Loved the atmosphere!  Great food and wine!  I can't wait to go back!  Next time we'll have to do the $5 apps for happy hour!
5	We came to celebrate a birthday and the food was outstanding. The different pepper combinations really provide outstanding flavor!
4	4 1/2 stars actually...I really enjoyed Rokerij. Our server David was fantastic, and even though we were seated at the bar for dinner, the level of attentiveness was super. Knowing that we had never eaten at Rokerij, David took the time to explain the menu in detail and made recommendations.Rokerij has quite the wine and beer list, however I opted for one of the specialty cocktails listed on the board. It was a double berry martini. I guess I was thinking double berry meant double the berries but it actually meant double vodka (I am a rookie, what can I say?)and was far too strong for a girl who likes her alcohol embedded in a concoction that tastes yummy. David must have seen I was struggling to drink this so he very kindly got a tall glass with ice and added some lemonade and then poured my "vodka surprise" on in. Yay! It was much more suitable and I was able to enjoy. :)I ordered a sirloin steak with roasted corn and their signature potato baked into a green chile. The potato was cold but it tasted good and definitely had a kick. My friend ordered the enchiladas (one steak, one chicken, one shrimp) and loved their dish.I would definitely go back and try out some of their other dishes, There was so much that looked and sounded good. Sitting at the bar, we could see the food being prepared and everything that came out looked delicious. The portions are very generous at Rokerij. We will be back soon!
1	So I have been wanting to come to this joint for EVA! How-EVA, our experience was not fabulous. It was more like DRAB-ulous. Things started out great when we snagged a cozy little table in the corner about 9pm on a Friday night. The liquor wall looked too tempting to pass up, so I ordered a Gibson with some Tito's vodka (my fav!)- well the cocktail onions were soggy and mushy upon first bite and it pretty much ruined the drink. The server did not offer to bring me something different, he just apologized and looked for the jar of onions and said they are all like that. Hmmmm. There were a MILLION specials. It took like 5 minutes literally to read the entire list. It was baffling. The prices are NOT cheap. We were already thinking we should give this place a shot during $5 plate happy hour. Anyway then we ordered some grilled oysters. Well, they came out with Chirozo on them- and I barely eat seafood, but definitely not pork! All the server said was "Well it listed the chorizo on the menu"- Hmmmmmm. Again, we just kept them. Then my boyfriend tried one and it was full of sand! At this point, we had already ordered the mushroom toast points, but after the oyster debacle, we had pretty much decided to go elsewhere and especially when the next appetizer came, it just was overloaded with brie and canned looking mushrooms, totally overcooked and unappetizing. We politely told the server that we were just going to call it a night (there was NO WAY we were going to spend 35-40 bucks on the entree lottery)- he then offered to "do anything" to make our experience better and we thanked him and just explained why we were leaving and we would be back to try the happy hour another time (truth). Anyway then he took like 15 minutes at least trying to get the manager to take the oysters off (I would rather have paid for them) and then he FINALLY brought us our bill with the two drinks AND the uneaten mushroom appetizer. I am a foodie and have been in the business since I was 15 and I NEVER EVER want anything for free or removed from my check, however, there are certain circumstances- and I must say I can not remember having a completely horrible experience like this one on a long time- where I feel  that as a server, let alone a manager- I would comp the entire tab and offer to have the guest back on some sort of gift certificate or comp.  Again, I NEVER EVER look for anything free in a restaurant, but if you had been sitting in my shoes last night, you would agree this experience warranted some above and beyond customer service to retain guests in the future. Well that didn't happen, perhaps they have been around so long they just figure oh well who cares, we are well known so whatever. Well, whatever is I will NEVER attend that restaurant or any of their other concepts, plus now I have written a poor review, and all my FB friends know about it too. I'm sure in my life moving forward Rokerij will also come up in conversation with some of my foodie friends and they too will know I think this place is overrated. We left the waiter a very nice tip and thanked them by never attending their establishment again. Such a shame. Customer service is dead these days... SIgh....Hope it was worth the $30 bucks guys.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in PHX. The food is always perfectly cooked and the atmosphere is just my speed, especially when it's a chilly night and the fire is going downstairs. Always have great service and from the looks of the clientele around me, it's a popular place  for date night. Try something with both the red and the green sauce to see which you like better and try a green chile potato as a side. The prime rib is one of the best you'll ever eat. If nothing else, come in for the fact that you can be seated in one of the handful of basements in Arizona.
5	The Rokerij is my favorite place to eat and get drinks in Phoenix!  It is a bit more expensive but well worth the price!  Their food is top-notch, the drinks are spectacular, the music is great and the basement is amazing.  Try the seared salmon! I never really liked fish until I had their salmon. The Rokerij is a hidden gem and there really is no other place like it in Phoenix!
4	Steak skewer with 4 sauces app - 5 STARS!!Pork chop and brussl sprouts - 3 stars... just wasn't as good as expectedmashed potatoes that came with my pork chop - 5 STARS!! sooo good! Spice burger and fries - 5 stars, really great burger! Flourless chocolate cake - 4 stars, pretty dang good, so sweet and rich.My husband ordered the green chili burger and realized after the first few bites they brought the wrong burger, but he liked it (as was tooooo hungry to wait for them to correct the order) so the spice burger worked fine.  I got a taste and really liked it! I am excited to go back and try more of the menu!
4	So I have to admit we were a bit confused pulling into the parking lot.  We actually meant to go to sister restaurant Richardson's but having never been there ended up in Rokerij via the back door through a kitchen area which was kinda weird. After our very friendly waitress explained things to us we stayed and are glad we did.  We all enjoyed our meals and the half price bottles of wine were a pleasant surprise.  I was very impressed at the number of wines on the list that were available at half price. The deal is good Sunday and Monday.  I ordered the Rokerij Burger and ordered it medium which is exactly how it was prepared.  I find many places cook it to beyond medium.  We will definitely return.
3	My girlfriend and I came here because she insisted that she had to come here for nostalgic reasons. She said that for the price, the food was plentiful and cheap. We, by we I mean me, being typical thrifty Asian(s), I quickly agreed. The parking lot is kind of small for a restaurant this size. There is valet there...but I hate shelling out cash for something I can easily do myself. Seeing as there was no parking...I had to get valet. The service was fast. We got in there and were seated right away. The place is kind of dark and I almost tripped on a step that was hiding there, heh. Anyways, we were seated in a nice cozy booth. The place was dimly lit to create a more quiet and romantic/intimate atmosphere. Nicely pulled off with a Southwest style decor. I guess they do that because they kind of figure this is Mexican food. It seems the only thing Mexican about the cuisine is the abundant use of Hispanic names in only some of their dishes. I don't really care to be honest, if I wanted Mexican food...I'm sure there's a something-berto fast food place nearby anyways. We ordered a bunch of the small plates as per my lady's recommendation. They came probably around 20 minutes later...not bad waiting time I suppose with probably a dozen or two patrons here. Calamari, delicious. Prime rib sliders, delicious. Bruschetta with a bunch of sauces, delicious. We got like one or two more dishes. The only reason why I gave this place three stars was the scallops. They were sooooo salty. Literally, when I bit into it...first thing that came to mind was water. Don't get me wrong, if it wasn't salty it would've been a fine dish and a fine meal for a nice night. However, these scallops were so salty...they made everything else I ate that night salty in flavor. I wouldn't mind coming here again and I wouldn't mind recommending this place. I would only advise anybody planning here to be careful with the scallops. I don't know...maybe it was a fluke.
1	If you choose to go with the mexican side of the menu its disgusting. Everything is slop on a plate. No one should come here and pay these prices.
5	M'fn delicious !!! Amazing bartenders and servers... Great environment and the food is beyond delicious!!!
5	My Sis and I had a brunch day and we were going to check out Dick's Hideaway, but we decided that seating might be better here at Rokerij.  We were seated right away, at 11 on Sunday so I was happy it wasn't too crowded.  I love the look of this place, the dark room with a fireplace is awesome.  I loved the coffee to start.  My Sis had the meatloaf with eggs, I had the rellenos with eggs (one beef one cheese) and we ordered Carne Adovado to take home to her Hubby.  We REALLY ENJOYED our meals.  My beef relleno was so amazing and the cheese was just as good.  I loved the smokey flavor, especially the carne adovado.  Our waiter was amazing, great recommendations and clearly happy to be there.
4	Very delicious food! It is great for a dinner spot, as the meals are quite heavy. The portions were huge as well! Romantic ambiance and great staff. Will return again when in the mood for a big, yummy meal!
1	DO NOT EVER BUY a gift card from this restaurant.  We got seriously scammed on our gift card and management has done nothing about it.  They don't care that their customers are  being ripped off because they already got their money.  I had to file a complaint with the Attorney General's office against Richardson's/Rokerij.
1	ABSOLUTELY THE WORST SERVICE IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I gave this place 1 star because the food is truly amazing. Too bad the manager has absolutely no clue what he is doing. Probably gets tipped on the side by "regular" patrons and believes that's where his priorities should be at. First of all I made reservations for my mother's 60th birthday because the food here the first time was great. But did I mention the first time I was here our server made a mistake on every single food item we ordered?? At least he had the decency to get our desserts to make it up. An hour or two before the reservations we had called to see if we could add two more people. They told us fine and moved us up to 9pm for the private dining area. Well we showed up exactly at 9 and our room was not ready. Ok no big deal. A little annoying cuz what's the point of making reservations but we were ok. But after 20-30 min of waiting, I started to get pissed. I told the manager and he actually had the nerve to blame it on me!!!! That I called and added two people last minute!! Isn't it his job to make sure that this doesn't happen?!!! If he couldn't accommodate 8 people then say so and we could have went somewhere else. Also the whole time, he was even apologetic and instead of offering maybe a round of drinks for the wait or anything, he just stood around doing nothing!!! So we left and went to Capital Grille instead. We were very happy to celebrate and spend tons of money where we didn't have to wait and the manager and staff knew what they were doing!!! I will never go here again and if u want to go just expect to wait at least am hour even w reservations!!!!!
2	I love the downstairs especially during thd winter with the fireplace. ..BUT the service last Friday at lunch at 12:45pm was inexcusable!  No employees for 5 minutes! Then still ignored while handing us menus (no water, no hi, no welcome) just slapped menus down and talked with an employee. When I told her we needed to be done in an hour ... she just looked at me and said I dont think so. We walked out! STILL NO WATER AFTER 10 MINUTES and NO ASKING US ANYTHING!!
3	Up until the last few visits this restaurant was my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  Lately the quality and preparation of food has taken a nose dive.  The meat preparation (cooked incorrectly) and quality of cuts have been sub-par for a restaurant that charges roughly $25 - $40 per main dish.  If you want to have a nice appetizer and glass of wine, this is a great place.  If you want to get a nice meat dish or southwestern cuisine I recommend spending your money at a different place unless you live nearby.  The valley is flooded with similar restaurants and you money is better spent elsewhere for a nice meal.
2	Very disappointing.  I was really looking forward to a clubby bar with great appetizers and conversation.  I arrived first, valet parked, walked downstairs to the bar, turned around walked back out and told my friend to meet me at Richardson's instead.  Downstairs was too small.  Too dark.  Too warm with the fireplace going.  Bar was packed and the chairs and couch I tried weren't comfortable.  I also checked out the upstairs bar which was too exposed to the kitchen and garbage.
3	I hate writing a sub-par review for this place because for the last 6 years it has been my go-to place for recommendations to out-of-town guests and favorite for a great meal. It was always a solid choice. Service was always a bit "stiff" but usually because they were slammed - at least it was efficient. Food was always great.I just took a group of valley visitors there for dinner and regrettably must echo the recent reviews that this place is slipping. So bummed to say this and only writing in the hope they might read this and other reviews and take steps to fix it before this goes the way of the Teepee.. Service was badly organized - busser brought waters 2 at a time to a table of 10. Use a tray! One drink list for the whole table - when I asked for some more I got another 1 only. Drink order got messed up. No explanation of specials, sides or advice for visitors who were curious about the menu. Recommendations from the waitress were the standard bloodsucker response of the most expensive thing on the menu. When the good arrived the plates were sloppier than usual. Food still tasted pretty good on most dishes but presentation was poor. Also  took a long time to get all the dishes to the table - maybe 8-10 minutes from first person getting their meal to last person being served. Just not as good an experience as I received a few months ago. Seems like a bunch of new staff and nobody enforcing standards, at the line or on the floor. I love this place but the experience I had could beat be described as "jaded" - and with the amount of good new restaurants around that is a real shame.
5	Stopped in for a drink and an appetizer. We had a bottle of wine and the beef skewers. On mon and tue I think he said that the wine is 50% off a bottle so it made a bottle the same price as two glasses. U can't beat that deal anywhere in town. I highly recommend the 14 hands. It was delicious. The beef skewers were also very good. They come in 4 different sauces. They were cooked to perfection and I would definitely eat them again. I just wish they gave u more. It really wasn't enough for what u pay.
5	Tried this place out for the first time last night, will definitely be back. Tip, make reservations as the wait was 1 1/2, but plenty room to sit and have a drink in front of the fire. I had the rotisserie chicken (tasty and a lot of food) and the hubbs got the enchilada plate...the green chile chicken enchilada was d'lish.  Make sure to have a drink in the basement.
4	Love the chefs interpretation of eggs benedict. Ambience can't be beat.
2	I was a longtime fan of the Rokerjj but, it has gone downhill. The service has declined and the food has declined. My guest steak was very undercooked then taken back and chopped up and recooked. No one wants a filet this way. My duck was tough and fatty. The wedge came out with NO salad dressing. The waitress insisted that it had dressing. The tastebuds do not lie!! No offer for coffee and desert.I was so sad after bringing our guests to dinner because I raved about the Rokerjj before dinner. What a shock!
5	Amazing atmosphere, food and drink. Rokerij is one of those special places in Phoenix to bring friends and family to impress. Escorted thru the kitchen and then down the stairs (by my very excited host) I wasn't sure what to expect. Greeted by warm candlelight I was surprised. Even though it was incredibly late on a Tuesday the bar was full. A server enthusiastically reassured us the kitchen was open, and that yes, we'd be able to order oysters to our hearts content.And boy did we. Regular raw oysters. Meatball oysters. More regular oysters. And then we had, quite possibly, the best sliders in the world. Three prime rib sliders served with creamy horse radish sauce and au jus. You haven't lived until these have crossed your lips.The service is incredible here. Sitting at the bar is wonderful. Sitting in a booth would offer privacy. The fireplace is perfect when Phoenix has a touch of chill in the air. This is a stunning place to come for a date.
3	I have to admit by the time we walked in the door I was hungrier then any gal should be. It was dark inside and a little bar-ish for my first thing in the morning tastes, and that music not entirely to my liking.My lovely friend wanted to bring me here and as deserted as it was it was nice to have a table by the fireplace.Our waiter was charming and the food more then made up for everything.We both went with Mexican meatloaf and eggs. Have you ever? Never would think of having that combo for breakfast. It came with beans and crispy hash browns. I liked the beans but the hashbrowns were ok.My friend chose the same item as I did and she chose the hot sauce mixed in with her meatloaf and eggs along with a Bloody Mary. Both were on the spicy side but she was happy. I had to have mine without any sauce and it was flavorful and good without needing the kick from me.This place is Also attached to a Richardsons  which is another place to eat with a lovely patio in between. The coffee was good as well and it was worth the drive. Would probably have preferred it more for a dinner place but still good at breakfast/brunch.
4	What a great experience.For my first night in Arizona I wanted something a little southern. ..and got it with the Rokerj.  We started with a pizza (yeah  i know- southern what? Italy )  but the pizza was for the four year old.  My meal was this amazing smoked pork dish with beans and rice.  It hit the spot. . .a unique and mildly spicey dish.  I so enjoyed it, I really want to go back and try the brunch everyone is talking about. . . sounds AMAZINGthe place itself is odd - You can go down in the basement, you can go outside. . its almost as if there are three restaurant areas together.  We had this awesome booth seat next to a fireplace. It was quant and awesome.  My brother got three enchiladas. . and man were they tasty.  Plus a lot of food for the amount (entrees cost around 14-18 bucks)I would highly recommend this place - and it is a great thing to try when your in Phoenix area and want a taste of new mexico-arizona - etcnote:  there are more expensive fish and meat dishes., which cost almost twice as much.
4	We reserved the back room for a dinner and it couldn't have been nicer. They allowed us to pace out our meal as we liked. Food is just great here.
4	No alterations! Nicht!I have out-of-town guests and always like them to experience the wonderful food and service at the Rokerij. I was craving my favorite Carne Adovada (pork roast dish), however I usually replace the rice and beans with some of their fresh seasonal vegetables. Not this time! Apparently the kitchen can't handle changing out sides (as of a couple months ago). So had to completely switch gears and figure out a new direction very quickly as rice & beans are not my friends. As expected the meal was delightful but still craving my Carne!!
5	So I am going to piggyback off of my sister's review (Courtney B.). This place was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!!!!!!! I am sooooooooo very sad that we discovered it two weeks before I moved out of the state. We had a wonderful experience with the wait staff and I liked the ambiance very much. But the FOOD, oh man, the food! I was blown away by this place. I would not have expected to find some of the best Mexican food in this somewhat uppity joint. But it truly was some of the most amazing flavors I have experienced. The green chili meatloaf with eggs was great but there was this unique flavor to the chili relleno that I am not sure anyone could replicate. And the Carne Adobada was seriously tasty; it was cooked perfectly and was just as amazing the next day as leftovers. This place is a gem!
5	Rokerij is easily our favorite place to eat when we go to Phoenix! Family, friends, all ask when are we going to go here when we do our annual Arizona trip. Amazing food and drinks, with very generous sized portions and always a friendly staff. Can't go wrong with a lunch or dinner plate! We will come back here every year, as well as tell others how great this place is!
5	WOW. I write short reviews when a place is so good. This is one of the best meals I've had. Order the roasted garlic plate to start, and then take their advice on your entree. They only offer two desserts. Order both.
5	This place is SERIOUSLY amazing. The atmosphere, decor, and semi-secret bar present a wonderful dining experience. Our server Jamie was attentive, thoughtful, and helped us choose amazing pairings for our food. The food...oh my goodness, I am such a foodie, and this totally hit home! I will come back here ANY TIME.
5	Had dinner here last night for my sisters bachelorette party. We made a reservation for the downstairs cellar and when we got there our tables wasn't ready just yet so they set us up at a nice cozy fire pit and we ordered a round of drinks. Everything was delicious. Once we sat down at our table, our server, Ashley J. Told us all about the menu and we put our food orders in. The food came out quick and was so tasty. We had the #4 pizza, some burgers, and some skewers, and calamari. Everything I tasted was great! When we got out tab, they took care of all of our bride to be's drinks. They were very accommodating, Ashley was an amazing and fun server.  After we had left and moved on to our next place, I realized I lost my house key. I called rokerji to ask if they found any, and they asked the new table of people sitting in the table where we were to get up so they could look under the table. To me that is just such great customer service. Definitely recommend this place to all my friends. Nice small and cozy. I had a great time and j know everyone else in the party did too. Thanks Rokerji for everything!
1	If I could give a zero I could.  Waited 45 minutes for a 7:30 reservation.Were told "We are overbooked".  Downhill from there.  There was no place to wait so we stood in the middle of the restaurant jostled by waiters and customers.  Our waiter was clueless and disappeared during our ordering and our meals.  The entrees arrived before the appetizer and the before meal bread came as we were finishing dinner. My chicken enchiladas had no discernible chicken and was just a large mush pile. None of us five liked our meals.  The only good thing was the roasted beet side dish.  Maybe this qualified for one star.This used to be our favorite restaurant in the area.  No longer.  The staffTreated us like we were in a post office.  The hype is killing them.  The kitchen and especially the employees need attitude and training lessons.The owner needs a wake up call.
5	Love this place. Food and ambiance is amazing. Do it! They have a decent happy hour too
5	This a one of my boss's favorite places to take special guest. Located in the same parking lot right next to the new Richardson's. There is a really cool patio that connects the two restaurants with an outdoor Bar. Instantly puts you in the party zone and makes you feel right at home.This is the first time my wife and I have been to the Rokerij and it was truly a fun and happy experience. Been to Dick's Hideaway and the older Richardsons many times in the past. The selection on the menu here has several of the same tasty good SW options with some really nice EuroAmerican surprises.Love the way you can instantly smell the aroma of the Pecan wood coming from the sizzling grill. Pecan gives the food some very nice flavor and that extra kick. Everything here and his other restaurants always taste great and leave you satisfied.Upstairs and downstairs are both the Rokerij now. Upstairs is quite a bit larger with a nice bar and a larger seating area. Downstairs has a top secret elevator or you can take the stairs. It is smaller and offers food and drinks as well. Could even be a nifty bomb shelter in a parallel universe.We started off with some Prime Rib Sliders and Bacon Wrapped Shrimp. My boss and his lovely wife ordered the New Mexican Platter and the Salt and Pepper Encrusted Prime Rib. My wife order the awesome Chimayo Chicken and yours truly went with the tasty Grilled Swordfish Special. Chocolate Flan with a 1/2 shot of Grand Marnier completed the trifecta.Really love the way they layer the flavors. The atmosphere of this place and friendly servers are also a delight. We arrived early and were able to get a large table by their cozy rustic fireplace.Place gets really busy quick. Try and go before the crowd and you will enjoy everything that much more. When we were leaving it was starting to get crazy. DRINKS ON ME EVERYONE!5 STARS
5	One of my favorites. Sit at the bar or wherever, its always great. I love Pasta Heidi!
5	The basement bar at the Rokerij is such a unique place in Phoenix - you have to go!  Sit at the bar for some awesome deals on food and drink, both at happy hour and late night.  $5 small plates after 10 pm when no other restaurants are even open is killer!  Highly recommended.
3	Been here a couple of times.  And while the vibe is cool and the cuisine is pretty darn good, the glaring red flag for me about this place is the high prices.My date had not been here before so I happily brought her by.  It had been about 9 months since my last trip here and I faintly remembered the food being on the pricey side, but not to the extent that I would shy away from here.  This place is pretty popular during happy hour as the upstairs bar was packed right as we arrived.  We suspected the same was true of their basement bar as well so we stuck around the main dining area.  If you've been to Richardson's and/or Dick's Hideaway just a stones throw away, then some of the menu will look familiar.  Rokerij however also has a lot of dishes you'd expect to find at a steakhouse or a cafe that often have no New Mexican influence at all.  Such items include oysters, rib eyes, porterhouses, and (oddly) pizzas.  The New Mexican dishes that both Rokerij and Richardson's serve are pretty reasonably priced around $15 each.  But most of the other items run around $30 and up.  Even the appetizers are around $15 a piece.Not wanting to break the bank, I got a pair of their tapas plates.  I got their prime rib sliders as well as their Carne Adovada sliders.  For $10 a plate you get three sliders each.  I'm pretty convinced the tapas menu is the way to go here.  The portions weren't huge, but large enough to leave me satisfied and you can get a little taste of multiple items.  The Carne Adovada pork mixed with red chile is tender and not too spicy.  The prime rib sliders had just the right amount of horseradish sauce on them, though there wasn't as much meat on those sliders as I expected.  I would love to try some of their blackboard menu items sometime as some of those looked great, but again, pricey.Perhaps I should've been more prepared to pay the asking price of this place.  The setup of the restaurant is really cool and I like the unique New Mexican twists they put on the everyday grub.  The food has been good both times I've been here, but is it good enough to drop $30/entree?  I'll leave that up to you.  I'd certainly come back here for a special occasion, but this wouldn't be an everyday stop for me.  Too much of a shock to my bank account.
3	I have been there a few times, both at the Rokeriji and Richardsons, but today I shall do a review for the Rokeriji.    First off, since they are side by side and have the same owner, I am giving both restaurants three and one-half stars.   I have had pan-seared salmon and the beef tenderloin skewers off of the "small plates" menu.    Both are cooked and flavored to perfection.   Yummm!!   Last night for dinner I had the carne adovada, and my companion had the chimayo chicken.    I tasted his chicken, and, yes, it was good but nothing outstanding.   I liked my meal much better.   His side dish of the potato on the poblano was typical mashed potato with a chili flavor.     I guess that would make sense since it was sitting on the chili.   I asked our server how hot the red sauce was for the pork.   She stated that if it wasn't quite hot enough, she could bring a hotter sauce, which she did.   The pork was flavorful, but it could have used more sauce.   The rice and beans and flour tortilla were average, typical I guess one could say.    I ordered a glass of their red wine.    Sorry.    I can't remember the name of it, and the wine list isn't posted so I can't access it.    It was $15/glass, and it was heavy bodied, just the way I like it.    I would go back, especially since it is conveniently located.    Is it outstanding?    No.    I wouldn't say so.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to retreat into a romantic or just cozy getaway from the AZ heat and sun! Downstairs is a hidden gem.. food is eclectic and delish! You will thank me for this if you have not been!
4	I have been a regular here with my husband for a long time and it never let's me down. The only down side is the price of food. Honestly I'd be still willing to pay because I love this place so much. We always get the filet and some sort of fish. You also can't go wrong with the roasted corn and sweet potato baked in the beautifully presented green chili. Love the beer and wine selection aswell.
2	One star for the environment very laid back and classy. Food on the other hand was not quality that we expected. Enchiladas were over powered by cheese and too soggy, and runny eggs. The tenderloin we asked medium rare definitely no taste nor quality the taste of the raw meat was not pleasing. Cocktails were not up to par either. Although service was great one more star.
2	Be sure to get a reservation:Nothing here was as shiny as the build up to the place. This is a trendy spot, and like so many trendy places, the flash in the pan goes away with the crowd to the next trendy place. Let's start with the name, our waitress explained that Rokerij is a word that the Swiss use for smoke house. There is virtually nothing on this restaurants menu that has anything to do with a Swedish Smoke House. Please be warned... NOTHING TO DO WITH SMOKE HOUSE COOKING!The menu blends the food from Richardson's (New Mexican cusine) which adjoins this place with a spiced version of American Classics.OK here is the blow by blow...It is my Daughters birthday dinner, she asked if we could have it at the Rokerij as she and her sister had tried to get in on a Friday or Saturday and the wait was about 3 hours. She was excited that this would be something special. It's Monday and the 5 of us arrive in stages. Jo and I were first, the parking seems to be shared with Richardson's it appears to be limited and Valet only.... It says complimentary, however it is just rude not to tip a valet.  The valet took the car and pointed us to the outer stairs to the lower level. This is a bar and it was full of puppy yuppies... OK it is a lame reference back in time but it fits.We asked about the reservation that my daughter placed, they pointed us back up and around an interior staircase. Up above we were met by the young gal at reception and again we asked about the reservation that they looked up and did not find. There were plenty of empty tables so they did seat us right away. Good for starters... ***Here is another tip Monday nights many of the bottles of wine on the list are half priced*** We ordered a Malbec it was passable. If I was paying the full $30 for the bottle it would have been disappointing.My birthday girl arrived so we ordered the Mushroom Toast appetizer, it was not bad or outstanding in anyway. But good drink and conversation was the key to the moment. My youngest soon arrived and the decisions as to what to eat began in earnest. One steak, two salads, the creme brulee, and relleno platter with one beef and one pork...Did I mention that the menu was printed on place-mats? That there are no smoke house items on the menu... That the menu has Schnitzel, Mexican, Duck with Orange Chipolte, and a miss mash of other cuisines... I think the Chef or Mr Richardson lost track of what they were trying to do. You can see the menu online, but I for one can't figure out what the essence of this place is. I am so sorry that the expectation was so much more than the meal. I really don't like to dis an establishment. It is a beautiful location in the place that Timothy's Jazz Club was once. But nothing came out that was exceptional except the creme brulee. The rest was simply not great. Not worth the cost... and you will not be sorry if you take a pass on this place.One last sorry note, the waitress knew that it was my Daughter's birthday and did absolutely nothing to acknowledge that. No dessert... no nothing... If you are reading this Mr Richardson... you should be ashamed...
2	I don't get it , you have to make an appointment to get a drink , The bartenders (3) make you feel like they are doing you a favor by serving you and just stand around looking dis interested .The service downstairs is better ,but the food is blaaa and very slow from the kitchen .Now the worst part , the price , its ridiculous $35/40 for overcooked oily food .Arnold " I won't be back" Ps , it smells .........
5	One of my favorites! If you want comfort and flavorful food, this is the spot! Twice baked chili pepper potatoes are to die for and the swordfish is wonderful. Very nice wine list.  Make reservations!
5	I don't write many reviews but I thought that the Rokerij deserves everyone to know how awesome it is. My favorite spot is down in the cellar bar for Brunch. My Boyfriend is from NM and we can never find good NM food that is close to what it's like back home. The Rokerij/ Richardson's/Dicks Hideaway is as close as it gets! The Huevos Rancheros are amazing, handheld burritos, Rokerij Steak, Steak Skewers and my favorite in the summer - Blood Orange Mimosas. I love this place and will continue to keep coming back!!!
4	Okay.    This is an update to my prior review.   Either I don't care for their "southwestern" food, or it's just not that good, but this time I tried the beef tenderloin served over pasta.    YUMMMM!! is all I have to say for the meat.    It was tender and flavorful.    Tender in that it did not have that strange consistency of beef that was of lower quality and tough, therefore, "tenderized" with I-have-no-idea what, which makes me wonder what it would do to my insides after I ate it.  Anyway, back to the review.   The pasta was not of the white, bleached to near non edible that most pasta is now days.    And it was cooked to oh, so slightly al dente.     Of course, the flavoring for the pasta was just about perfect as well.     I topped it off with a couple of glasses of their zinfandel.    I don't remember the vineyard.    I just remember it was #27 on the wine list.    My companion had some sort of chicken skewers with beans and rice.    I've had the chicken skewers before.   And beans and rice on the side is not something I'd write home about.   So I didn't taste it.     He seemed to like it so I guess that's all that counts.
5	This restaurant is amazing. Tonight I had the prime rib with brussel sprouts and the carbonara pasta. It was amazing! Everything was top notch. I loved it and absolutely will be back. Also the wine selection is truly good as well.
5	We moved down the street from the fine restaurant. We love the food, service, and atmosphere.Be sure to call ahead for reservations. The place is very popular.
4	Went there on a Friday night, had reservations for 745 but it wasn't too crowded. The food overall was good, especially the carne adovada. The hamburger was mediocre, the shrimp appetizer was bomb. The thing that really let me down was the service, not that they were rude just super slow and the waiters knowledge of the menu was weak sauce. He did comp us desserts for our patience. Cool ambiance especially the bar in the basement.
3	We went there for lunch and expecting to be able to have good steak options...no...only for dinner. It seems like except for a few places people are stuck in this country to eating good food only for dinner and be limited to some less tasty options for lunch.  We grew up in Europe and lunch is the main meal of the day and we try to keep it that way since evening large meals are not very good for balanced diet and a good sleep.We had fish trio -was ok, some too spicy; the blackened steak -too peppery. The mushroom and filet toast were great. However the baked oysters were way too spicy- could not taste any oyster. Also we had the beef skewers- sort of dry but ok in the end.
5	One of my favorite places of all time. Great atmosphere and even better food. Their appetizers are yum.
5	What do I like about the Rokerij?  The question really should be what do I not like about the Rokerij?  The answer to that is absolutely nothing! From the moment you walk down the steps underground to the Rokerij you are about to be transformed from any experience offered in the Phoenix metro.  The place is so intimate with no windows,  lit candles everywhere and even a couch that you can cozy up with someone special next to a fireplace. Food choices are great, not cheap unless you take advantage of their happy hour.  The wine list is very diversified with many selections.  The servers/bartenders take care of you with a pleasant smile and know how to make everyone feel special.The Rokerij is definitely a great place to take your spouse or date to in an intimate setting unlike any other places in Phoenix.  If you'd also like to impress some out of town friends this would be a phenomenal choice to wow them.If you haven't been here, Go.  No excuses!
4	Amazing food and good service.  Lots of variety. Nice portions but the actual space inside the restaurant is too small and dark. Parking is only valet and always pretty busy. Make reservations if you choose to come here.
1	Keep in mind i did NOT eat here. So this post is not about food quality. its about the service it was like i wasnt even there when i waited for 30 minutes before the bartender asked if i would like something to drinkofcourse as soon as a girl came up to the bar the bartender would run over like a little puppy hoping to his ear scratched
2	Just a shame. The food is good but service is horrible. I've had nothing but bad servers with no concern for my experience. If you plan to sit at the bar downstairs you better block out 3 hours for lunch. They haven't figured out a way for the kitchen to fire out food for that part of the restaurant. There are too many good restaurants in this area to tolerate the Rokerij.
4	Second visit was just as good as the first and reminded us about the AMAZING basement atmosphere and a local vibe. This visit we made reservations for a late dinner and sat upstairs. I love the bar where we sat and waited for the rest of our friends to arrive. It was a very busy place because it doubles as the front of the kitchen where you can watch all the activity first hand. Quite entertaining actually. The Rokerij steak was a bit pricy.... but my taste buds weren't disappointed. My wife had a shrimp and HOME MADE pasta dish that was also delicious. Gata love home made pasta!The only bummer was my green chili mashed potato's appeared to have been made a few days earlier and not very palatable... same as the first visit. AND since this is Hatch Chili season I was hoping to get a little heat, but no joy.Don't be scared... hit this place up and ENJOY. It's worth a visit for the atmosphere alone!
2	Please tell your servers to be more responsive to their customers.  Don't sell so hard -pushy waiter that interrupts conversations. Offer a cocktail once, not 3 times,  and bring water. Don't visit the table 15 times during one meal, it is rude. Be a professional!. Our party was interrupted continuously by the chatty waiter. Not offered a wine list or bread, nor dessert or coffee. Although the cuisine was mostly delicious, he ruined it for everybody. Will not go back.
3	How have I not reviewed this place? I have been here a couple times, with the most recent being a month or two ago. The husband and I went for happy hour, which was alright. I had been excited to try happy hour here, but I was a little less than impressed. The happy hour specials are only available at the bar, which was somewhat crowded and put you in close quarters with other people. The happy hour drinks are somewhat limited to beer/wine/ margarita. I had the margarita and it was not fantastic... very standard margarita fare. The happy hour pricing on the food is a dollar or two off normal price, but the portions are large. I had the adovado sliders and the husband had the sloppy joe.... I thought they both were lacking something, maybe a fresh element? They were very filling and tasted alright, but I wouldn't go back for either dish. Other items may be better (and I've had some really good items at Richardson's and Dick's in the past...) so I would go again, but it isn't at the top of my list.
3	This place had consistenly good food...however, today we had a waitress that seemed to have other things on her mind. She took my water to refill it and never came back with it. Never offered us dessert and was just generally a little scattered. We had two of the fishes if the day and they were good...a couple apps and they were good. Definitely worth coming back.
1	What happened to this place? Food and service used to be on point but we just went there for my bday and the service and food was not what it used to be. Won't be goingback...I'd spend your money elsewhere.
3	After a lot of the great reviews I expected a little better of an experience.  Went for the first time last night.  My initial impression was great!  "Complimentary" valet parking, fantastic mood/atmosphere.  We came here for a friend's birthday.  We got the sirloin toast and artichoke dip appetizers and they were amazing!  I would come back just for those as my meal.  However, our entrees were another story.  Our server was pretty pathetic making us feel like any time she had to visit our table was an inconvenience to her.  Then, after getting our food the birthday girl wasn't happy with her steak.  We all tried a bite and it was pretty dang charred and dry... even for medium well which is what she ordered.  No big deal, we will just say something and make it right.  So she tells the server she wasn't happy about her steak and the server responded, "well, you did order it medium-well."  True, but she sucked as a server.  If a customer is unhappy you say sorry we will make it right.  Our friend was not rude at all.  The manager came to check it out and was VERY pleasant and took care of the situation. I only gave the place 3-stars because my wife's meal was also very bland and my other friend was unhappy with their entree.  The atmosphere and appetizers were great, but considering the prices they charge and the entrees served just not impressed... :/
3	Happy hour is great if you can fight your way over to a seat at the bar. Otherwise, this place ain't that special.
3	If you found this place on zagat, turn around now. Theres no way its so high rated. We had the calamari as an appetizer but it wasn't anything special. The 14 oz pork entree was decent but nothing close to fantastic. The brocoli was fresh. We got the roast duck and it was pretty bad. Lacked any flavor
3	Food was good. Way too dark in place. Our server kept messin up or forgetting things.  We were to get birthday dessert and he just brought the check.
1	Went here with a friend the other night. Decided to sit in the dining room because I haven't seen it before. Someone brought us waters but no one greeted us for at least 5 minutes, so we decided to move down to the bar downstairs. It was only a couple minutes before happy hour ended and the bartender threw in some food and drinks for us which we were delighted by. But the rest of the visit was less than pleasing. Both of the bartenders were detached and not warm, or welcoming. I honestly felt like we were a burden (although there were only three other people at the bar) it felt like we were getting the cold shoulder. The guy bartender did not smile once. Let alone make eye contact.FOOD: the oysters were more disappointing. They were not shucked whatsoever and they were too large, and did not taste fresh. I let them know and they were taken from me but without apology or any action taken to remedy the situation besides taking half of the order off of the bill. Needless to say we decided not to order anything else, the uncomfortable visit went on long enough. I'm extremely disheartened by this and when before I would recommend this place to friends, I will not be returning and I will not subject others to this.
4	Cool ambiance, eclectic menu and a swanky crowd.  The Rokerij is a neighborhood hangout with a unique and upscale twist.  It is located next door to Richardsons and shares some of the same menu items.  You walk downstairs the underground bar and you instantly feel like you've entered a different scene.  The place is small and consists mainly of a bar, a couple of booths and some cozy spots to curl up next to the fire.  It feels a little dark and small inside but I know that's what they were going for.  The Rokerij is known for their happy hour but honestly, the menu prices don't seem like a great deal during happy hour.  Appetizers are only a couple dollars cheaper during happy hour.  We visited on a Friday night and the place was packed.  We were able to find a spot at the bar after a few minutes.  The service is good at the Rokerij - older, experiences bar tenders and servers who are knowledgeable about the menu and drink offerings.  Our waiter made some great suggestions on the menu which is always appreciated.  The food is great, but slightly over priced for the area.  I would stick with the unique items on the menu that Richardsons is known for - meat and southwest items.   This is not a great place for vegetarians but there are several fish items on the menu
5	When pressed for that *one* place to visit in Phoenix, there is only Rokerij. Somehow - magically - the space is designed to feel intimate. Cozy. But the space meanders around. (The booths have room to seat parties of four to six, depending on the side of the fireplace you're gazing at.)Dates would be impressed. As would a business partner or your girlfriends. The hushed tones of the dark room encourage whispered conversation. The food and wine has always been impeccably delivered. The Oysters - just stop. Whatever you're doing can wait. Go. I promise you, your palate will enjoy the menu. I have a few photos up of sliders, scallops wrapped in bacon and artichoke dip. But that is an injustice. Rokerij offers a robust menu.Happy hour is quite generous. If you're not sure pay attention: Happy hour is *every day* until 6pm. (Reverse HH is 10pm to midnight.) Alas, the true secrets of happy hour are best revealed by calling in. They change often and may not make it to Facebook or their website in time. Visit often and you'll know the inside scoop!Currently... Wonderful, hearty glasses of wine are poured for 1/2 the normal price. All appetizers are $2-3 off a plate. But you *must* sit at the bar.The bartenders are well versed in their product knowledge. The table staff are stunning. Visiting here is like visiting dear, close friends. Special note: The space is ADA accessible. Parking is valet. Thanks Rokerij!
5	Very unassuming, downstairs. Quiet, "pubbish". Food that rivals top restaurants. Pecan trout was a winner. Salmon appetizer well prepared with a spicy chipotle like mayo. Carne adovada was filled with flavor and on the spicy side. Overall excellent and would certainly return to try other items.
5	Amazing food!!!!!! One of the best meals I've had in a long time!!! Super cool and chill environment, we will definitely be back!
2	Maybe it was the time of day (afternoon) but something was very off today. The cheese plate arrived long after the entrees, my companion's bacon wrapped scallops seemed uncooked and raw.   The chicken schnitzel was fine.   Good beer and wine selection.  Slow service.
