5	Funny thing. Most Montrealers laugh at the tourists lining up outside of Schwartz's so they can be treated like crap by hostile service just to have a taste of authentic smoked meat. If they want the same food, they'll just head across the street to The Main.  And I'll be damned if the smoked meat sandwiches there aren't just as good as Schwartz's. Some friends of mine argue that they are even better but I think they are just being willfully perverse in order to upset conventional wisdom. But I dare anyone to take a blind taste challenge between the two and tell me they can taste the difference. They also have a nice array of Jewish comfort food and are open into the late night.Perhaps the masochistic experience of waiting in line for so long and being treated like crap makes people feel Schwartz's is more authentic and thus better. I don't know but I don't get it.
4	I decided to take the local Montrealers' word for it that Schwartz's was a tourist trap, so we headed directly across the street to Schwartz's competitor, Restaurant The Main. Don't get me wrong, the meat at Schwartz's certainly looked tasty in the window, but hello, it was snowing, and the line was at least 50 people long, all the way to the corner - no way we were even going to consider it. I'm glad we went to Le Main, as there were plenty of tables, the meat was tasty, and the service was good. The smoked meat had a delicious crust of whole cloves and other spices, and we had a choice of lean, medium, or fat. Mike and Vince got theirs lean and I got mine medium, but both ways, it was really nice that it wasn't greasy. Mike got the smoked meat sandwich, Vince got a smoked meat platter, and I went with the smoked meat poutine, which was a tasty combination. They had some very reasonably priced specials, and the rest of their menu looked quite good as far as what you'd expect from a Jewish deli. While I can't say for sure, since I didn't try Schwartz's, I really don't feel like we missed out, and in fact I am quite glad that we came here instead.
3	This is the restaurant across the street from the more famous Schwartz's.  I've eaten at both, and I really think the smoked meat is just as good at La Main.  Plus you don't have to stand in line and a waitress will come take your order.  It's not as cool as its competitor across the street, but if you're just looking for food, I recommend it.
4	Fine smoked meat and French fries (not undercooked as is so often the case). Service is quick and efficient. Smiles are hard to come by but it feels like a cultural thing.Across the road from Schwartz. Credit cards accepted.
3	When my dad was alive, The Main was his favorite restaurant in the whole, wide world.  We'd come here many a night for dinner.  He loved the ribsteak, bone-in, seasoned just right.I'm a smoked meat fan and I can't help but prefer Schwartz's smoked meat.  Still, the Main is solid - the pickles are good, the fries are GREAT and the karnatzel is so delicious.  I've always loved all the cartoons on the wall and the old skool Jewish deli feel.Not my fave, but good.
4	delicious bagel lox and the place is cute in a tacky 70s diner sort of way. they're not trying to impress you with stupid decor (although i don't judge, it's an added plus if your food/service's good and a joke if it's the opposite). they want you to have good food! staff was friendly and patient with us. i kind of want to go back today for round 2...
4	After read the article in New Yorker, I decided to try the "Poutine" again.  I shouldn't have my first poutine experience at Costco :P Oh well! I just moved here! I didn't know where to eat the poutine! Last Saturday, it was snowing like everywhere in the world, but I just moved from SF bay area so snow seems still romantic and fun :) I was curious about the smoked meat poutine- NYer mentioned about this one specifically- so I ordered it.  It was delicious.  Salty but better gravy, generous portion and overall it was delicious.  Don't wait at the door, you can just go and sit yourself wherever you want.  I want to try the other stuff on the menu next time.  I will let you know whether I like it!
5	Better than Schwartz! yes you heard it from me, I am from NY and can say that its actually better than Katz's! Its over 13 bucks in NY, and its only 5 and change in Main (ok also Schwartz too) I've eaten at Schwartz's a couple of times in different times, all I have to say is for you readers to try it... heck do what I did to convert my fiance... get one from Schwartz and one from Main, then do your own comparison! Let me know about it too! BTW, fatty in Schwartz is not that fatty, fatty in Main is really fatty! Just be careful how you like your meats!
5	It's been almost 2 years since I went here and I still think about their smoked meat platter. Coming here was accidental as we intended to go to Schwartz's but I was too hungry to wait in line. All I have to say is what a fantastic consequence!  We almost had the whole place to ourselves which means I can happily stuff my face with poutine and slices of smoked meat in peace.
4	People like to divide themselves in camps, and the smoked meat "war" is no different. Some will swear by Main, others by Schwartz's. And let the battles begin.This is futile. Main is a diner featuring  a much more extensive menu than its rival across the street. The seating arrangement is also more conducive to privacy due to the booth seating. Its opening hours enable Main to snag late-night smoked meat hunters when Schwartz's retreats to prepare for next day's fight.Their food is solidly good. The smoked meat sandwiches are abundant and the meat is great.So, do you prefer more private seating, a larger menu, a shorter lineup (or none at all) or a snack at 2 am? The Main is your spot.I am still a fan of Schwartz's, but the Main has its attractive traits.
4	This review is for the smoked meat sandwich only:like i said in my review for Schwartz's.  Main deli has better smoked meat sandwich.  It's more juicy and tasty, and the best part is, there is no ridiculous long wait like Schwartz's!
4	We were visiting Montreal for the weekend and wanted a smoked meat sandwich before heading to the train station.  The line up at Schwartz's was literally around the corner so as we had not been to either going across the street to Main seemed like the logical choice.  We got the medium smoked meat and it was amazing!  The sides - coleslaw, pickle and fries were also stellar.  I am sure Schwartz's is great but the wait could not possibly make up the difference.  Service was fun and incredibly quick.
4	A day of Bixi riding throughout the city started with a quick lunch at Main Deli.  I noticed the long line of people waiting outside Schwartz across the street but opted for Main per my friend's recommendation.  The decor is simple and understated, just as the food.  But what the food lacks in presentation, it makes up for in taste.  I'm generally not a huge fan of smoked meat sandwiches but Main's is delectable and the poutine was superb! And for under $10, you really can't go wrong... especially when you haven't had to stand in line for 20 minutes.
5	You've no doubt heard of Schwartz's... well... forget all the hype, bypass all the tourists... and head across the street to where (almost) everyone is a local. They have the same stuff as Schwartz's... but better.  Yes... you heard me right... BETTER. Don't believe me? Go try a smoked meat sandwich from here... give it an honest try... and tell me I'm wrong. I dare you.
5	The Main just might be my favourite diner in the world. I've eaten there probably more than any other restaurant, and have tried nearly everything on the menu. Yes, I love it that much.To echo others on here, The Main has Schwartz's beat, hands down. Not only is their menu more substantial, the atmosphere more relaxed, and the staff friendlier, but the smoked meat is on par (or better) than the tourist-laden neighbour across the street. Starting with the smoked meat, compared to Schwartz's, the meat is a little leaner, smokier and has a spicy kick to it. Whereas Schwartz's is a little more marbled, tender and mellow in flavour. Both are good, just different. For my tastes (and for having no interest in waiting in ridiculous lines), I prefer Main's savory brisket. Beyond the smoked meat, they have one of best, if not the best poutine in Montreal. I kid not. The fries are large and tasty, the curds are fresh and substantial, and the gravy is rich and flavourful. Add smoked meat on top, and your mind will be blown. As I was quite the regular for a number of years, I'll run down my fav dishes / top recommendations for this Plateau beacon of goodness:1. Smoked meat poutine - heaven2. Beef ribs - the best deal in the restaurant. You get 3 giant, Flintstones-like ribs, slathered in delicious molasses-based sauce, fries, coleslaw and a pickle for $8.95.3. Smoked meat sandwich - the classic. Spicy, smokey beef brisket on light rye. Definitely get a pickle or coleslaw on the side (this garlicy slaw is fantastic in it's own right)4. Rib steak - good deal for the price for this well-portioned, tasty cut of beef. Garlic and spice rub on top is a must 5. Matzo ball soup - light, flavourful chicken/vegetable broth with large, delicate matzoballs. Great on a cold winter day or paired with a BLT for lunch.Honourable mention - Potato latkas (delicious and filling)I could really go on, but it's making me too hungry. I hope my review has persuaded some to pop into The Main while visiting Montreal (or if you live there, and for some reason have never been). Any of us who have lived in the neighbourhood know which deli is the real deal.
5	This place kicks ass!  I came in late and had the rib special, which stated one rib, pickle, and salad.  When the pickle and coleslaw came, I thought this will be exactly that, one rib.  The slaw by the way wasn't muddled with mayo so I really liked it.  The the waiter brings out four ribs with this semi-sweet worcester sauce that really hit the spot on a cold night.  It also came with a couple slices of bread that I dipped into the au jus with.  I slept so well that night after touring the city on foot, walking some 15 km that day.  Great place, great prices....oh and the waiter isn't Russian but kind of looks like it, so no need to ask like I did! Well it was late!
3	A quick business trip had me looking for Montreal's famous smoked meats that I've lusted for since discovering Ben's 10 years ago on F1 weekend binges.  Main get's high marks for authenticity and decor, nice simple and authentic diner/deli feel. I got the smoked meat platter, the meat was good, but not as tender as the beloved Ben's. Coleslaw was nice, fries were good. Didn't blow me a way, but reminded me of yet another thing I like about Montreal.
5	Awesome!Great food (personally I like it much better than Schwartz). Their smoked meat is less salty and more flavourful. While we were there, a few others ordered steak, so I assume that item is particularly good, too.Good price~2 people + beer & coffee around 30 dollars.Huge portion...I'm going back.
5	Poutine as good as it gets for a great price.  This place has charm and character and homemade Red Velvet Cake.
1	Came by to get a smoked meat sandwich to compare to Schwartz's, and the veal smoked meat sounded enticing. Turns out it was yes less saltier than Schwartz's but just as bland otherwise. The fries were soggy. Only redeeming factor was the pickle, yay? And the fact that there's no line.The server was also an ass -- when we asked if we could have a couple forks, he said NO, because we don't need them for a sandwich. WTF, what if I wanted them for the fries or even to take the sandwich apart or for whatever I damn well please? Are a couple plastic forks going to kill your budget? I am a paying customer you know.PS a dog at the park ended up eating half the sandwich, and we didn't even care bc the sandwich was SO bland anyway.
4	Great!  On a mission to try all the smoked meat in Montreal, I came here with a group and hit the viande fume sandwich. Briefly, if I had to do a blind test between here and Schwartz's I would probably be unable to distinguish the two.  It's the darker red, crumbly warm pastrami you can really love.  But IMHO, Reuben's is where it's really at. :)  Alright foodies, go try all of them and start a review flame war!http://www.yelp.com/biz/reubens-deli-montreal#hrid:yqpzawU4dU69Tv4kqNa6XQ
4	My friend lives nearby and said that the food at Main is just as good as Schwartz , but without the line of tourists going down the street. So, we tried it. It was my two kids (ages 6 and 8), my wife, and me. We ordered a bunch of stuff to share. First came the poutine with smoked meat, a side of fries, and two bowls of matzo ball soup. The poutine was the best we ever had, and let's not offend any grandmothers and say "the soup was the best we ever had in a restaurant." The fries were pretty good. Coming off a diet for the trip, we half-heartedly agreed that we could have ordered just that and been satisfied. But no, this was vacation, so we also ordered the famous smoked meat sandwich and a side of babyback ribs, which came with a sausage (really, a hot dog). It ordinarily also comes with liver, but this was for the kids, so we ordered it with two hot dogs instead. My wife said she'd just have a dainty bite to taste the sandwich, just in the name of science. While we waited for this to come, I took the kids to the restroom (somewhat grody, hence four stars). When we returned, my food had arrived, but I found just half the sandwich left, and I received the sheepish but surprisingly unapologetic report that it was "really, really good..." The kids thought the ribs were the best they'd ever tasted, including Red Bones in Somerville MA (I think not...) and a little barbecue joint we sent to in Mississippi (no way...). They were a little sweet for my taste, but it was for them, so I call them a success. The smoked meat sandwich is one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had. And I'm a New Yorker. If you haven't had it, Montreal smoked meat is very much like pastrami. We had no choice but to polish off a second.  (This time, she just had a dainty bite.) They gave us a world-class pickle and side of coleslaw too. All in, this excellent pig-out lunch cost $60--about right.  Schwartz doesn't need to be any better.
4	Came here back in August.  My husband and I were on a quest to raise our cholesterol: him with smoked meat and me with poutine. After eating at Schwartz's. we decided to try this place.I loved the poutine--but I'm a newbie at this. Salty gravy with the chunks of meat and curds.  What's not to love? Very generous portions. My husband got the smoked meat combo. He liked it but didn't like it as much as Schwartz's. Service was friendly. Ambiance is old school and a bit dark.  If you can't tell already, I'd come back for the poutine.
4	One of the best smoked meat sandwiches I've ever had is from here.The decor is out dated and it looks a bit grimy inside but the smoked meat sandwich makes up for it.Don't forget to order a delicious giant pickle.
4	I agree with the other posts about this place being a better bet than you know who, if your looking for a true deli.  The food is excellent and served the way it should be and they prepare the smoked meat the same old fashioned way.  They have a much larger menu selection, and while the service is not fine dining it is fast and efficient, the portions are generous, and it's a diner, not a three ring circus.
5	Good food...good customer service, the place is clean and comfortable and I dont have to wait outside for an hour to get a smoked meat sandwich. The menu is a lot more diverse and the food is well-presented..and the waiters do not yell at the customers.
5	This is my long time late night stop on The Main, I go here to feel like I'm hiding outside of time in the simple booth with the smoked meat special medium fatty with mustard, fries with mayo, perfect chunky pickle and slaw. The photos on the walls, the friendly old school staff; all of this is always good and especially at 3am before the long happy walk home up the hill.
5	After a long night of whiskey gingers and French Canadian hipster watching at Casa Del Popolo, I drag my weary and inebriated travel companion down Saint-Laurent. After intentionally neglecting to remind him that 5 blocks in Montreal does not equal five Philadelphia blocks, we start the trek that involves a few tantrums and constant damage control until I promise to treat if he shut the hell up.I am in Montreal. I am getting a smoked meat sandwich and poutine at 4 AM if it kills me and it most likely will.We finally arrive, partially frozen and sobered by the ridiculous wind and order our food. Whines are at an all time high until the beer comes around and our neighboring table gets their food.His eyes widen as he goes from bitchy to ravenous."So, THIS is why you dragged me thirty minutes in 0 degree weather at 4 o'clock in the morning."After a bit of a wait our food arrives and we consequently lose our minds. He spends the remainder of the evening thanking me profusely.5 stars for humbling the the unhumble-able.
5	Requiring fortification prior to heading out for some adult beverages, some smoked meat goodness was in order! Tipped off by local yelper, Risa (thank you) this place was the  bizomb!!!!   Witness lone waitress Anna exclaim, "I work hard for my money, I get no break!"  Classic!  When in Montreal...  Smoked medium sammich special with poutine /dill pickle and slaw did not disappoint.
5	Best Smoke Meat bar none on the island. It's right across the Famous, and overrated Schwartz Deli. Try the poutine it's out of this world! Homemade cakes as well. Though the overall portions could be bigger.
3	Food Network = Porn for FoodiesYou could stand in line at Schwartz, but now that it's been privately bought, I'm not sure how I feel about doing that.  Course I've had a lot of Schwartz in my time.  A lot a lot.It will always have a nostalgic hold on my heart, but sometimes I just want a bite of smoked meat.  Not a whole sandwich, just a few bites.  And I don't want to stand in a crowded line of annoying sight-see-ers.So I look across the street.  Main has been around a while.  It's guilty of having used one of the worst fonts ever, but this isn't fontology.It's famous in it's own right.  A longstanding old fashioned deli serving solid smoked meat.  In fact, they've probably served the same food, the same way, for a long time.  And why shouldn't they?  Repeat history if it tastes good.My sister thought of Main because she recently saw it on the Food Network's "You gotta eat here".  Well, then we gotta.  We popped in for a quick lunch as we scoffed at the line of tourists waiting at Schwartz.Service was friendly.  Main is evidently famous for its potato latkes.  I'm so sorry, but I will pass on these.  I prefer my latkes less dense.  These felt more like heavy floury potato patties. And sadly they were a little too charred for my liking.  But then again, sour cream masks everything.Of course the main event was the Main Super Poutine.  While pricey at $10 plus, it was o.mazing.  You take good old fashioned french fries, a lot of Quebec cheese curds, gravy and then throw on slices of smoked meat and you get big bites of yummy.One-out-of-two is good.  The fact that we ate and got out while the line at Schwartz only moved two people is gooder.
1	I don't get it... maybe it's just me, but the smoked meat was bland, the pickled tongue was melee, bland and fell apart into a gross mess. The service so horrible that we were finished our sandwiches by the time the french fries arrived, and that was part of a continuous dance of food that kept on arriving from the kitchen in drips and drabs. The brine pickle had no crunch and the cole slaw was overly sweet. The kishka wasn't kishka.. no carrot, no onion, was there even matza meal in there? What did they do? (My grandmother is turning in her grave from having witnessed that kishka!) And it wasn't cooked enough to make the skin have any crispiness.The owner had a loud arguments with customers in front of us. And bacon and cheese on a deli menu? There is just too much on this menu. And seriously, John Catucci should be ashamed of himself for telling people "You Gotta Eat Here!" or was he simply hoodwinked by them serving better food that they served us. Anyone have a gun, because that is what it is going to take to get me back here.
3	Like it or not, these days The Main serves two basic functions; 1) As the go to spot for locals who eschew the tourist line up across the street at Schwartz.2) As a reluctant overflow for the truly impatient tourists referenced above (ok, really those on a business trip who only budgeted 48 minutes to taxi up to Schwartz, grab a sandwich and jet back to their next meeting)Despite this being pretty much their lot in life, The Main actually does have a few things to offer aside from the unenviable position as the Anti-Schwartz. They actually offer a more complete traditional deli experience in many ways; a broader menu, preparation varieties, and the often overlooked joy of actually being able to sit and enjoy ones food. The food itself is a mixed bag.  The smoked meat is decent, but really does not compare favorably to "you know who".  Other items range from faithful renditions to Disney-like replicants; yes, there is such a thing as animatronic kishke!  I'm often in the position of recommending this place outright to friends and acquaintances who I feel will simply not enjoy or understand the perma-queue, forced communal dining, and hurry-up offense that is the manifestation of customer service across the street at Chez Schwartz.    If it really,truly is all about the smoked meat then by all means, cross the street and wait on line. But, if you want to relax with a family or a late night group then The Main is certainly a worthy stop on the tour. If The Main were located as it stands in any other city in the world ( except New York, of course) it would probably win BEST DELI on a a perennial basis.  Unfortunately, for them they are located across the street from a legend.
4	This place is my runner up for Smoked meat in Montreal. Their rib steak with liver and frank entree is a late night treat after the bars close. Classic spot to grab a late bite on the main.
3	The Main, although overshadowed by Schwartz's, is a Montreal institution that has been around for ages. It's definitely a spot that can be counted on to satisfy your late night munchies! It looks like your typical diner. Service is fast and efficient. They have great specials, but keep in mind that pricing varies by time of day. The menu here is vast! Not good for indecisive people! I ended up getting a side of perogies. They were tasty but I wasn't expecting them to be deep fried, so they were a bit greasy for my liking. They came with delicious fried onions and sour cream. I also shared the super-special with my DC. It comes with a smoked meat sandwich, pickles, coleslaw, fries, and a soft drink (or coffee or tea). The coleslaw is quite refreshing and is oil and vinegar-based instead of doused in mayo. Like. The meat was also delicious and the portion was generous. We upgraded the fries to poutine which was the best idea ever. Loads of melted cheese curds and gravy that reminded me of Swiss Chalet (in a good way). Note that there is a $3 sharing charge, however since I ordered my own side dish, they didn't mind us sharing. Cheap, yummy, fast, and open late... I would definitely come back. The Main sure beats some of the lame options along St. Catherine if you are looking to sit down for a bite and most kitchens are closed. I would even come here in the daytime, which means it's pretty good!
3	"As seen on You gotta eat here" These words are on the menu and in the window. But "You gotta eat here" has lost all credibility with me. I tried the smoke meat poutine and it was Chenoysish at best. I certainly wouldn't order it again. I will return one day for the actual smoked meat sandwich, but not the poutine.
4	Not as famous as its across the street neighbor Scwartz's but a better sandwich in my opinion.
3	Food: it was good, very comparable with Schwartz.Service: a bit slow, but friendlyRepeat? sure if the lineup at Schwartz is too long.  The smoked meat is very good, but I think I still prefer Schwartz... regardless it's a very good alternative.
5	This probably the best smoked meat your going to find. Don't act like a tourist and wait in line for the tasteless Schwartz across the street/
5	This is where the locals go for smoked meat. Forget the huge line across the street.They're open late, have great smoked meat, have a liquor license (unlike Schwartz's) and sell smoked meat poutine. What more could you ask for?
3	Firstly, I think this place has been over-hyped by "You gotta eat here". Food here is good, but not great. Service is a bit slow and the decor has a slightly dirty atmosphere. I was sitting for a while before a waitress took my order. I got the "Special" (Smoked meat sandwich with fries, coleslaw and pickle). Food came at a reasonable pace (you can see them plating and slicing your smoked meat). Portion size is smaller than what I am used to for smoked meat (Bread was smaller and there was not as much meat as other places). However, quality of food was overall good. Meat was well-flavoured (not as good as Schwartz but not a bad alternative; Especially if you do not want to wait in line out in the cold). Fries were freshly cut and fried. Coleslaw was okay, and it was served with an entire pickle. It is also a place where you can get smoked meat to go like Schwartz. Overall, not a bad meal for the price.
4	The Main was actually "the main" event of my most recent birthday!This deli steakhouse first caught my attention while I was watching Food Network's "You Gotta Eat Here!" I'm not particularly a fan of smoked-meat sandwiches, but I couldn't resist the reviews I saw and read, so I decided to have my birthday dinner there along with 30 accompanying friends.My order included smoked meat sandwich (sided with sours and poutine), a side order of potato latkas (with sour cream), blonde beer and a strawberry cheesecake. I was  satisfied with the food. However, I had either underestimated my appetite or the portions of the food (the latkas were quite big). If my stomach wasn't limited, I would've love to try everything on the menu. There was a great variety of side-orders and main dishes, but the surprising part of the menu was the low price, especially considering that this place is a Montreal landmark,. The best part of the experience, however, is the awesome service that I received. Diane, the co-owner of the restaurant, whom I've only met through a phone reservation prior to this, was very warming and welcoming. And the staff was quite friendly, approachable and fast on the service.The Main, I believe, is known to have one of the best  Montreal smoked-meat sandwiches , but I recommend it to anyone who just wants a nice choice and variety of deli food at low cost, in a friendly and comforting atmosphere.
4	I can only be fooled once... Last time when I was in Montreal, I followed all the advice of my friends to go Schwartz and of course I left unimpressed.... I didn't wait 1 hour in line, and no way I am going to do that nor going to eat at Schwartz again...Main Deli feels empty with no lines at 2 pm on a weekday afternoon... and here no tourists either. Of course I am here for the Smoked Meat! Super Special $11.45 (Sandwich, fries and drink), of course is a deal I wouldn't miss. One bite.. and I know it is the one. Juicy, Moist and Delicious! A great mix of fat and lean.........Roasted Beef Sandwich ($6.15) though was dry and bland. I don't think I would order that again!Main Deli also closes late! I can have a smoked meat sandwich as midnight snack?! SWEET!Next time when I am in town, I am going to wait for my friends here drinking a beer eating a smoked meat poutine while they wait for their turn to get into Schwartz's... Tourists!
5	Simply one if the best Delis in Montreal. A true gem, I'd rather sit comfortably and have the great friendly service than stand outside for an hour across the street.Their smoked meat is comforting, savoury as were the fries, coleslaw served with a delicious pickle! Don't forget the Black Cherry Soda ;) They have yesterday's still fresh loaf of bread for sale for just a $ 1.00! That tells you as well how fresh their meals are regularly!A must on a regular basis.
4	I always thought this was Shwartz's lame brother, but after not wanting to be part of the museum like tourist line, as a local I wanted a good deli style sandwich without the wait. Le Main is well known for late night pub grub but having gone there recently with some out of towners it holds up as a great diner experience. I ordered the smoke meat platter and smoked meat poutine with Cherry Cotts! For about $44 it hit the spot and didn't have to get cattle proded in and out because of too many people. Long story short, if your heart is set on visiting the Graceland of Smoked Meat then go and line up at Shwartz's if you want to actually eat because your hungry you can cross the street sit down and order great sandwiches here too.
5	We sat in Main Deli Steak House having an outstanding smoked meat sandwich (and poutine), watching people lined up across the street when we knew from our experience the day before that it wasn't worth it over there and ordered another smoked meat from Main Deli because they were so damned good and the experience was what we needed for our last night in Montreal before flying out to Vancouver the next morning. Thank you, Main Deli Steak House, a la prochaine.
2	I'm not sure what the hype is about here, but I will most definitely not be coming back.This is the place you go to on a very very late night after hanging out with friends, where you don't care about taste or quality and just want to fill your stomach.We were a large group and ordered various items on the menu ranging from the potato latkas to burger/fries to smoked meat sandwiches to a keylime pie... and the list goes on.How is it possible that every single dish was unsatisfying? Super greasy and badly made.Service was slow which didn't help either.Not really as great as people say it is!
4	We went to Main Deli because there was a long line of people waiting outside the smoked-meat joint on the other side of the road at 11:00 p.m. We ordered a "Main Deluxe" and a hamburger and both the orders were excellent. The waitress was very nice and the service was very efficient. Perhaps they should work a little bit on serving all the people at the same table at the same time because half of us were served 10 minutes later than the other half. That might be unacceptable for some customers.The comfortable seating arrangement, the excellent food and relatively less crowdedness made it a very good experience. I'll definitely go back to Main.
3	Skip the tourist trap at Swartz's, go across the street to Main Deli! No line, and full of locals.I had the classic smoked meat sandwich. It was great, as was the 1/2 pitcher of beer. I'd skip the fries next time, they're the typical soft and slightly soggy thick-cut potato-y fries that you're not sure why you're still eating... oh yeah, as a vessel for that big blob of ketchup?!I didn't like that you have to pay a fee to share your meal. They know a sandwich is too large for the average girl to eat, so they charge $2 to split it with a friend. I don't know if this is normal in Montreal or not, but it's just bad service. Feel free to share my pitcher of beer, but touch my sandwich and you'll pay for it!
4	Another solo trip to Montreal for me, and after sampling Schwartz's, Dunn's, and Le Roi du Smoked Meat on previous visits to town, this time I wanted to give The Main a try. I was not disappointed. As others have stated, you can brave the line-up across the street at Schwartz's, or you can come in here and sit comfortably at your own table and enjoy tender smoked meat that is as good or better than the competition's. As a bonus, their poutine is also outstanding; I had a combination meal of a Smoked Meat sandwich with a side of poutine and a can of black cherry soda, and walked out satisfied and happy.
4	The main deli house is not a bad resort instead of Schwartz that is always packed with line ups. All my surroundings have loved it and so have I, my course was the smoked meat poutine.
5	I have fond memories of eating at the main as child/teen with my parents, all tucked in a booth. I'd usually have the smoked meat or a hamburger, my dad and my sister would both have smoked meat and my mom would eat the liver. Fast forward 15 or 20 years, and history is repeating itself. You will occasionally find my boyfriend and I cozied up in a booth with a friend or two, chowing down. Key change: sometimes *I* get the liver. And its just like I remember it.  The wait staff hasn't changed, they are friendly with a little bit of attitude.  The food is plentiful and delicious.The next time you have a craving for a smoked meat sandwich and don't feel like braving the line across the street, do yourself a favor and stop in at the Main.
4	Craving melty cheese curds and gravy over fries at 4:30 AM? Don't wanna wait in line at Schwartz's? Cross over to the Main!  They more menu items and better hours!I'm not going to lie, it is hard to beat Schwartz's fatty smoked meat, but The Main has a pretty excellent Ruben, charming fried onion petals, and some pretty decent poutine topped with smoked meat. The service is friendly, food comes out pretty fast, and leaves you ready to to pass out into a food coma.They do charge you to share food, which I'm not psyched about when it is just myself and a friend in an otherwise empty restaurant (FWIW I can't remember if I looked for the surcharge or not), and the fries are nothing to write home about (though I don't think I've ever had fries with poutine that were).
4	Oh Main Deli - you serve awesome smoked meat without ridiculously long line-ups.  I might be causing a bit of uproar with the other delicatessens in the St Laurent strip area from my statement - but it is true.Main Deli offers great Montreal smoked meat without the crowds and you can pay via credit card!  They have a wonderful selection of other yummy deli menu items as well.  For the true Montreal experience, get the Montreal Smoked Meat platter with a Cherry Coke and you will leave satisfied.  Tidbit fact: Main Deli was feature on Canada's Food Network Show - You Gotta Eat Here.Be sure to check out "The Main" when you are Montreal area.  I highly recommend it!
5	The smoked poutine is good, the fries are good... but best of all is their unique and spiced poutine sauce. It's very different from the other poutine place. The sauce gives a much deeper flavor to the overall dish that will be otherwise average (I ate a lot of smoked meat poutine in MTL).
5	In Montreal for a week, was torn between this place and Schwartz's and SO glad I went here! Had the smoked meat and roast beef sandwich combo with fries, coleslaw, and pickle, and tried my sister's latkes, borscht, and grilled cheese - everything was DELICIOUS, the employees were incredibly friendly and accommodating, and we got to sit and enjoy our meal (not an option at schwartz's gauging from the line and crowd inside). I really wish they had this in Vancouver!
4	I ordered a smoked meat sandwich and a poutine. The meat is comparable to Schwartz. The poutine was alright too. However, my friend ordered a Reuben sandwich and a forth of her bread was burnt. Nonetheless, the service was good. If Schwartz's line up is too long, I wouldn't mind coming here again.
5	if you don't eat here at least once in your life you haven't really lived a fulfilling life .. from the smile and the service the food is just to die for .. ONE NOTICE don't use the wash room !
2	Despite what people say, this place does not even come close to Schwartz's across the street. I will stand in line with the "tourists" to get the real deal anytime.
4	Alright... now this place has been put to the test if you ask me.On my last trip back home to Montreal, I brought along my better half show him around Montreal. As he has never been, I felt challenged to make sure I got in as much of Montreal as possible, trying not to leave anything important out. Starting with St.Joseph's Oratory on our first day, The Olympic Stadium on day two, and St.Laurent street on day three, obviously with intentions to bring him to Schwartz's, but where else? And we did.We went to Schwartz's for lunch, he had his experience, but we walked out of that door unsatisfied with what we had just filled our belies with. I didn't feel that it was the best smoked meat Montreal had to show for... especially not for someone who had never had the stuff before! So, we make the conscious decision to walk across the street for smoked meat sandwich number two, yes number two! No 30 minute break in between and no walking off our first meal before we embarked on another. We dove right in.No line up, but one customer inside, room to breath, nice atmosphere. ... Ok, not too shabby, but we're here for the food.We both ordered a smoked meat sandwich, figured the best way to compare the two deli's would be to order the exact same thing.Two luscious looking over-stacked smoked meat sandwiches were placed in front of us, and I am pretty sure we both drooled a bead of saliva down our chins. One bite was all it took... ok, we couldn't stop to talk after one bite, but after a few bites when we came up for air, we both knew that THIS was the smoked meat sandwich that would make our trip to Montreal complete. Meat so juicy and seasoned to perfection, definitely more flavorful and moist then Schwartz. And the bread was fresh and soft, it didn't tear apart the roof of my mouth like the one I had eaten no more than 30 minutes ago. At least a 4 - 4.5 on 5.And the staff was also friendly and helpful, which is always a great bonus!Will definitely be recommending it to all my new Toronto friends who are planning a trip to Montreal! OM NOM NOM NOM NOM.
3	So I haven't yelped in a while and in the last year have been living in Montreal-Having said that I don't know if I'm a food snob or just spoiled by all the great food in LA or if my taste bud are just trained to like certain foods... On to the review- saw this place featured on a show called: "You Got to Eat Here" and well no you don't have too.I have been here twice and both time the experience is average. It's NOT a steak house - it's kind of like a dark Canter's - the smoked meat (like a mix between corn beef and pastrami) was very tender, moist, and melt in your mouth yummy. We also shared the smoke meat poutine was huge with plenty of smoked meat it's really a meal all by itself.   The service was friendly we had both time gone at off hours 4pm and 8:30pm It food was good but not great and it's a bit dark and dingy - like a dive bar I guess a dive deliWould I go back? yes. Do I crave their food? Not really.
1	I give this place one star because they were open and we were hungry, and it was after 10pm. When we walked in, the server screamed from across the room to ask if we wanted to be seated. This was a bit odd, but whatever.... Another server brought us the menus and after ten minutes, a few glasses if water. Even though we were ready to order, no one came by to check for about 15 minutes. When out order was taken, the original server was confused (I'm assuming from all the bickering going on with the kitchen staff). The restaurant wasn't very busy, but it was very unprofessional. We asked for a side of sweet potato fries, not only was it terrible and flavorless, but the rest of the meal of chicken, ribs, and liver steak was even worse (I have no idea how they could have sunk even lower than the fries). The ribs and chicken had been doused in some sort of sweet gravy to mask its obvious dryness and general lack of flavor (I'm sure it was burnt too, but at that point, no one could tell). So even though we were hungry, we decided to not consume more than a few bites (we couldn't....it'd be like saying.... 'Hey I want good poisoning!'). Besides that, the bread at the beginning was hard and dry, the regular fries epically soggy. We left the entire meal, having consumed the only saving grace....the glasses of water. We paid, and left, and wondered....are ppl writing good reviews about the place sane, cuz for a supposed institution, it was atrocious!
5	Every time I craved smoked meat sandwich, I used to hit Schwartz. I was so blinded by the Hype that I never noticed this gem of a place. A couple of my local Montreal friends asked me to try Main Deli steak house and finally today I did. Had one bite of the smoked meat sandwich and it was magic. Thick slices of medium fatty Montreal smoked meat, piled on mustard laden rye bread.  Just awesome. Advantages this place has over Schwartz :Way better smoked meat sandwichesQuiet and CleanerIts not Cash only. they take cardsNo long lineupsFood : GreatService :FriendlyAmbiance : casualWorth the price : Hell Yes
5	I find it funny how its located right infront of the "BEST" Smoked meat sandwich place.. NOT. This place is heaven so juicy so delicious snd so cheap! Its sad that no one really knows about this place .. if we wsnt smoke meat we come here.
5	I am reviewing some of my favourite places in Montreal and The smoked meat at the Main is better than across the street for sure. I think the smoked meat is juicer than schwart's...also you can order latkes and a beer here...not so across the street.
5	Wow. Some amazingly gourmet poutine here. Gravy obviously made from painstakingly reduced beef stock, rather than thickeners.  Deliciously sauteed red peppers. Fresh curds. A serious step above your average Montreal poutine.
4	I went here based on reviews I read and I wasn't disappointed. Small typical deli but the "smoked meat" was awsome! Alex my waiter was attentive and had a great personality. Service was spot on. I also loved the cole slaw, house recipe and I had extra side dish of it. Strawberry cheese cake for desert and I had to go walk it all off. I will go back for sure!!
1	So last night we wanted smoked meat.. obviously we go to the main! Now when we got there they had new staff who obviously had no experience in waiting before. And ofcours there is new owners! Yay for us. So we place our order with this nice waiter. Obviously they were busy since they had a mini terrasse open so the staff is going in and out including our waiter. Now our meals comes with coleslaw and pickle and fries. My bf decided to order something different then the usual thinking it would be different right? Wrong! We get the cole slaw pickle and frie like we would on the smoked meat sandwich special (he ordered the main  platter) the cole slaw was green. And tasted like oil and old. Why would you changed something thats been here before you were even born?! So we asked and they said they changed it but really what they did is use the regular cole slaw that they used to serve and just added some green stuff to it to give a different look.. youve been in this new restaurant for 2 months now dont start changing things on the menu. Then one of the waitress comes to the table to ask US what we orded to she van see if its ready.. i just wanted to pick up my things and leave. Since when do i have to tell a waitress that works in the restaurant what i orderd? You know it works wth numbers.. our table was 31 go ask the origInal waiter who took our order and check with with the kitchen. after a long wait my bf recieves the "main platter" sliced smoked meat slopped on the plate. When you say "main platter" you expect it to look like a platter. We could have ordered the main special and it would have been the exact same thing only the special comes in a sanwich and not on the plate. So now I still didnt get my food. I orded the burger. It was good but my meat was white. I didnt even bother to ask why . Finally she brings it and stands there and appologizes like over and over again. Keep in mind we never complained once! So now after all this I really started to get annoyed by this whole thing. Anyways you can tell these people have no excpirience in waiting but hey everyone deserves a chance. So now we finish our meals thank god! And I asked our waiter if he can put the left overs to go ( I tend to always bring my left overs to the homeless) I ordered another drink to go with that order asked him for napkins and cutlery.. we head to the cash to pay where it was always there to pay he tells us kindly its in the front we pay.. keep in the mind the front where we went to pay was the entrance to the place. Who does that? I literaly had to wait outside so that the staff can go in and out with the food because obvipusly we were in the way. When I got my bag to go they simply put my sandwich in a paper and didnt even wrap it and put it back in the bag. I asked the waiter for a container or you know even a fkn brown bag!! He said they didnt want to give it to him..now I got fkn mad I come to your restaurant spend my money order extra to take to go and you cant even give me a fkn brown paper bag?!?!?! Is this a joke?? I went up to the owner asked him for a paper bag he had the nerve to roll his eyes and gave me one. Normaly I would blast him but you know what they dont give a shit. They think by buying something classic like this that they can just walk in here and change things around is going to work? No its not. We sat right infront of the line ,orders weren't coming out proprely ... people weren't getting what they wanted it was terrible. I know I am never going back there. It was a terrible expirienceFood was not the sameThe staff needs to go back to school to learn how to wait tables.Goodluck dear old restaurant.
5	The best smoked meat sandwich I have ever had. The poutine was was great as well. My husband has been to Schwartz and he says the sandwich is just as good and it was wonderful eating outside. Definitely recommend the food and the staff were very friendly and fast. Go here!!
3	Honestly I don't see what the big fuss is with smoked meat.  I came here on a hot and humid evening because the line at Schwartz was way too long and we were starving. Anyways, I have the say that I did enjoy the cherry cola and the portions were huge, but the service wasn't too great.  Perhaps it's just that I'm not a huge fan of smoked meat but I found that this place wasn't as cramped as Schwartz (I went the week after) and there was no long wait.Also, it was really nice that we weren't jammed packed into a small table unlike at Schwartz. (The 7 of us were packed into a table meant for 4 there!)  I liked the coleslaw and the gravy but I found the fries almost too crispy.
4	I don't understand why this place isn't more full.I came here yesterday given I have seen this place my whole life, always walked by it, I thought why not? Give it a try.And I'm very glad I did. If I want smoked meat, why would I bother going to that other place when I can come here, not sit in elbow-to-elbow cramped quarters, be able to pay with a card, have super-friendly service and even have a glass of wine thrown in on the house?The slaw and pickle I had were perfect. The steak and fries were just right and the German Chocolate Cake was moist and not super sickly sweet.  I enjoyed eating here and won't hesitate to come back.
1	Possibly one of the worst meals I've had in recent memory, and possibly ever -- and I'm not one prone to hyperbole.My family and I were in Montreal last summer, and ate at Schwartz's which, as kosher-style deli goes, we found pretty close to sublime. But as I really didn't feel like dealing with the long wait again, and having read good things about Main (the smoked meat as good or better than Schwartz's, the portions huge, even the poutine far better than average), I figured why not give the place a try?Our waiter, a very personable young man, seated us immediately and took our order. After a good half-hour, we were still waiting for our food. He came by and apologized, saying that he wanted to wait until everyone's selections could be brought out at the same time -- and please note that we were a party of THREE. After several minutes, he delivered to our table my husband's fries and my son's onion rings (clearly the frozen variety) -- but nothing else. I asked him if there were some issues with the coordination of the counter staff (deli meat) and kitchen (other hot dishes), and he said that they were "a bit short-staffed since the new owners took over" a couple of weeks earlier. I had no idea that there were new owners, but that didn't excuse the fact that when we finally were served our main orders, my husband's smoked meat sandwich was a pink-fleshed bland mess, and while the roast beef sandwich my son ordered was okay, the "au jus" part of it was so overwhelmingly salty that it actually burned the back of his (and my) throat when we tried it. That says a lot, since I actually LIKE salty things. But the piece de resistance was my order. I can forgive that perhaps kishke (stuffed derma) might vary regionally, but it was basically unseasoned white bread stuffing  baked inside a casing. But to be told that I was lucky because the first and last poutine of the day would be mine because they only had enough cheese for one serving was the epitome of WTF -- even more so, because there WASN'T enough cheese for one serving, and not even a half-serving, had such a thing existed. That said, under normal circumstances, the poutine most likely would have been the highlight of an otherwise marginally-disgusting meal. Faint praise, I know -- but that's the most positive thing I can say.I realized, of course, that being told I was in luck about the poutine by our waiter was his attempt to make light of what was probably a very embarrassing situation for him, and we couldn't and didn't take it out on him. As I've noted, he was very personable and likable, and it was no fault of his that he had the misfortune to be working in a poorly-run restaurant serving food that ranged from barely edible to somewhat  passable. I have no choice but to give it one star, as that is the lowest rating one can give here on Yelp, but if I could, I would give it none whatsoever -- and preferably, a negative.
5	Very good place.  Sandwich was good.  Kishka and soup were quite different from what I expected, but good nonetheless. Fries were tasty.
4	FINALLY, got to eat smoked meat in Montreal.Some back story: We moved to Montreal last summer, and were told about the city staples, like Schwartz. But every time I walked past those places (like Banquise, too), there was always DOZENS of ppl queueing in the street, even in the snow! Anyway, I kept getting told about The Main, that it was better/Leonard Cohen used to go there etc, but kind of just stuck to the idea of Schwartz's. Anyway, over a year passed because I never found myself wanting to queue for a basic sandwich in 2014. I know what smoked meat is, eaten it tons, I just wanted the novelty..Anyway, so, last night, walking past Schwartz, I see the same queue of tourists and just think, "Ugh, not tonight." Plus it looks bright and kinda clinical and fast moving inside and we were in a lazy mood. But then, walking past it, I noticed The Main opposite the street, with.... pretty much the exact same stuff. However, they also had a beautifully lift street terrace, and attentive friendly waiters, and tons of simple, stripped down smoked meat/mustard. Plus, Montrealers have been telling me it's better, and that Schwartz's was more touristy. So, we just said, let's do it.We were given an awesome table, with a great server, where we were able to sit and watch the queue at Schwartz's while sipping on red wine (something they have that Schwartz's doesnt). I ordered the special: SM Sandwich, Fries, Pickle, Coleslaw. It arrived shortly after, and it was totally lovely.We had a great time, and it was so easy, and so lovely, and some of the best smoked meat I have ever eaten, very lean and nice. I will never bother going to Schwartz's now. I have found my place if I want that kind of thing. Friendly, open, spacious, more options, outdoor terrace, alcohol, same exact food, plus more, history of famous clientele, etc. Why queue? Like Banquise, I will boycott Schwartz's now, more out of principle. Although I actually tried Banquise, to much disappointment. I find it quite rude to mislead tourists and make them queue for something that is famous for being unglamorous; like making tourists queue for pizza and hot dogs in the states. Smoked Meat/Poutine are not fine dining queue type of foods, they're tourist traps. If there's a queue in the snow outside your shop, expand, or work faster, it's not the 1920s.The Main all the way.. What Le Main has that Schwartz's doesn't is customer appreciation and convenience.
1	TL;DR: Worst meal we had in Montreal. For the love of Montreal, avoid this place. The smoked meat is dry, the poutine nasty, the vibe fake. Listen to the bad reviews here.This was our last meal in Montreal, and the worst. We came here to try and combine our need for more poutine and smoked meat before the drive back to Toronto. We opted for the (you guessed it) smoked meat poutine, but also a pickle and the coleslaw. Poutine: Every element of this dish was poor quality. Don't listen to the people trying poutine for the first time, what do they know? The smoked meat was dry and relied on the gravy. The fries were under cooked and dense-potato (a good sign they were not blanched), the gravy was supppper salty and a bit corn-starchy thick, the cheese curds were still tasty, but the worst quality of all cheese curds we ate in Montreal as they had no squeak.The pickle was a normal jarred pickle, I doubt they are homemade and they didn't even select a high quality brand. The coleslaw was lettuce heavy and had clearly sat in the dressing for a while as it was pickled and lacked much crunch. Service was friendly enough but the whole vibe was forced like they were trying to live up to the "you gotta eat here" T.V show. Maybe it was the American family eating near us, but it was the first time all trip I didn't feel like I was in Montreal. When another table asked what their specialty was, the server said the steak, so maybe they even know Schwartz is better at smoked meat.
5	I went to the Main Deli Steak House today after reading about it on Wikpedia. It's right across the street from the famous Schwartz's, which I tried last week and loved. I was surprised there weren't more people here. There was a line at Schwartz's, but the Main was almost empty.The restaurant looked MUCH cleaner than Schwartz's. My server was very friendly, attentive, and funny. I got the super special: smoked meat sandwich, pickles, coleslaw, and fries. I wasn't exactly crazy about the fries (I usually like my fries more crispy), but everything else was great. I usually don't like pickles, but the pickles here were really good. I thought the smoked meat sandwich was at least as good as Schwart'z, so I didn't get why there was the line at Schwartz's while this place was empty. I also had the strawberry cheesecake, which was pretty good, too.Another couple who got there before me commented that The Main was actually better than Schwartz's.So, bottom line is if you haven't tried The Main yet, it may be worth a try!
4	From my experience, it's somewhat sacrilegious to declare that you just don't like smoked meat around here. Every single person I've told had that look on their face like I just killed their cat.Luckily, The Main has things other than smoked meat sandwiches, unlike their neighbor Schwartz's. I heartily recommend the pierogies - or as they're called on the menu, vareniki - with sour cream. Ask for them fried! (Note to the Russians/Ukrainians/Belarussians reading this: they aren't actually vareniki, they are more like the Americanized pierogies.)The atmosphere inside is a little greasy spoon-ish, but their outdoor terrace is absolute dynamite when you're in need of a greasy snack after drinking all night.
3	Solid Montreal Smoked Meat & Great Deli Fare.When it comes to Montreal smoked meat, people tend to think Schwartz's, but just across the street, The Main Deli serves a great alternative to Schwartz's long lines and slipping quality control. And it's no big secret either. The Main Deli is almost as rich in history as Schwartz', and the walls are adorned with pictures and cartoons of celebrities and politicians who've frequented the joint over the years.And should you be craving something other than brisket, their menu offers a slew of traditional deli options. A few other must-try dishes include:- potato latkes- chopped liver- and smoked turkeyOverall, if you haven't given The Main a shot, or if you don't feel like waiting in line out in the cold, consider crossing the road to one of the most underrated but authentic smoked meat joints in town.
3	Definitely nowhere as good as Schwartz's. Service isn't any better and the smoked meat isn't in the same league as Schwartz's. I was a bit disappointed after reading so many positive reviews here. It wasn't bad but it wasn't Schwartz's.
4	The smoked meat was solid, i had the plain poutine which was good too. Overall the food was good and fairly cheap. Definitely worth a visit. Especially with the declining smoke meat across the street.
5	Fabulous smoked meat sandwich, fabulous poutine. An excellent alternative to the much busier competitor across the street.
4	4 Stars - Montreal Smoked Meat rules. Now living in Toronto... I miss you immensely.Stopped by on a Tuesday evening at 3am after a night at the pubs. The place was about 20% full . Service was extremely quick and friendly. My first trip to the Main was probably 30 years ago with my parents as a young boy. There was always a debate in my family - The Main or Schwartz. The main usually won because it was less busy. This is obviously still true today and why I picked the Main on this evening. I do think Schwartz smoked meat is slightly better than the Main (better spice mix on the outside of the brisket).... But not by a whole lot and certainly not enough to wait in line for. First up - Matzo Ball Soup and it was delicious. Two huge Matzo balls served in rich chicken broth. A great meal starter on a cold evening. Next - The Smoked Meat Special including sandwich, soda, fries, pickle and coleslaw for $12. The Smoke Meat was served medium, just right for me. As good as I remembered throughout the years. All the meal add-ons were equally good, loved the fries and dill pickle.I do find The Main is starting to show it's age a little but some might refer to this as "old school charm". Nevertheless; I think the place could use a fresh coat of paint and updating.In the end, The Main is always worth a visit if your craving a Smoked Meat sandwich any time of the day / evening.   BK
2	the "combination with choice of 2 meats" is actually putting 2 meats in 1 sandwich. I like their potato latkas though.
