5	This is a very cute place! Try the coral reef cocktail and they also have smores!  Very friendly staff and the food is delicious. They come in smaller portions so u can order a variety of food. They also have a point system where u can rack up points for free food later! Would definitely come again
3	First of all I Love the Gyu kaku franchise. The only reason I'm giving thing a 3 star is because the fact we found a long ladies hair in the bibimap. The service needs work of course since it's only the soft opening. The meat quality is good all the marinades is just like all the California ones. Overall this place is way better than all the Asian BBQ spots in Las Vegas. I will be coming back! Hopefully no hair in food next time.
5	every bite of food was good...although the fish dishes i could do without all the varieties of beef and shrimp and the bibimbap!!! DONT FORGET TO ORDER THE CRUNCHY GARLIC SAUCE
2	Just came back from the restaurant tonight.  feel like sharing my experience with people.  The environment was very good.  Its hard to see such scale of restaurant locally.  The server told me that this restaurant cost about 2 million.  Each stove cost about 10 grand.  The smoke was sucked under neath, so your cloth will not smell after the meal. The menu looks pleasant. beautiful pictures.  Service was good.  He changed my grill 4 times during the meal.  These are all the good parts.  Now here comes the food.  the appetizer we ordered was spicy tuna volcano.  of 1 to 5, I will give it a one.  tuna has no flavor, the deep fried rice ball was hard.  two very different textures did not match well at all.  For the BBQ, I ordered scallop, Kalbi, Harami, Tongue, Chicken fondue.  They have 3 kinds of sauce, Ponzu, Sweet Soy, Spicy sauce.  The Ponzu was blend with out a kick or freshness.  The Sweet soy is too sweet that over powers the meat flavor easily, and you can just tell it was thickened by corn starch.  spicy sauce was Korean style base which was still on the sweet side.  So I am not impress with the sauce.  The scallop was fresh and I have no complaint.  But the meat is really just so so.  The reason is that the cut was bad.  some thick, some thin, some stringy, some wide.  they just want to make it to the weight, (which is only 4 to 5 oz. per order) for $9.00!  And they cut the meat along the grain.  which is a huge no no for bbq.  I feel like they want to cut cost by using the end parts and cut the meat any way they can to make the portion.  The marinate was too sweet and overpowering the meat flavor.  However the marinate flavor was not too bad, So if you like Korean bbq style, you will like it but If you like real Japanese BBQ, you should go try Yagyu( the 2 story building by the China town) They do it right.  The chicken, they use breast, which is very dry, and the fondue is just not what I am expecting when I am trying to eat bbq.  The cheese was overpowering.  The chicken was sticking on the grill.  The grill they use is metal, really easy to get blacken by the sweet sauce.  thats why the server has to change it so often(in the middle of your cooking)  I prefer Yagyu's.  They use cast iron grill, you can put a block of beef fat on it to enhance the flavor.  And the chicken will not stick.  Because yagyu is the first "Japanese" bbq place in town, so I compare between the two a lot.  For the draft beer, hands down yagyu is far better.  The mug was stored below freezing.  So when the beer comes, the whole mug is covered with frost and the beer was frozen in side the mug and float to the top.  If you are beer lover, you really have to go try Yagyu's draft beer.  Tonight's beer just looks sad.  And I don't like their rice.  To me, a perfectly cooked rice is just as important as the meat.  because you eat them together.  Rice brand or the type of grain of the rice was not good.  For $1.95 a bowl, they should put out something better.  Over all, for the environment, and if you want to impress some people, they will do the job.  The food is acceptable.  But for the bbq, Yagyu is the way to go.
5	The quality of the meat was above and beyond for its price .. The staff was very friendly and the service was also exceptional.. I ordered the beef tongue, kalbi, (must try!! It melts in your mouth!!) hanger steak, filet mignon, pork belly and cream corns!! The portion was smaller than all the all you can eat BBQ restaurants because they ONLY use high quality meat and marinated them with their homemade sauce.. If you value quantity over quality then this is definitely not the place for you :-( they also serve Lady M cakes!! It is a must try dessert at gyukaku ;-) Enjoy !!!! Xoxo
5	Everything was sooooooooooooo amazingly delicious! Better than the location in Waikiki. The service was also great. Everyone was on point. Definitely returning soon!
5	Almost everything ordered was delicious!  Didn't really care for the garlic noodles as it seemed to not mesh well with the other foods.  They were still pretty tasty but I don't think I'd order them again.  The staff was very friendly, attentive, and even gave tips on how to best cook the different foods.  Loved the decor (inside as well as the entrance) and the restaurant itself was well lit.  The exhaust fans did a great job at keeping the restaurant from being smoky.  I'll definitely come back!
5	This place is the Best!!!! The food has so much flavor, the service is great and it's fun having the grill at the table to do it yourself. My favorites are the garlic noodles and Harami miso steak, it's so tender and flavorful! It's so good I could eat it everyday!
5	Hubby and I sneaked out for Japanese tonight while the kids are at soccer practice. We were actually on our way to another Japanese restaurant when my husband spied this new place. We felt under dressed when we walked in. I was reassured once I noticed everyone there with the exception of hubby was Asian. The selection of meats was great. We ordered a couple of different meats and they were delicious. We also ordered seaweed, spinach and tuna poke, all delicious. Kimchee was ok but not spicy enough. Their spicy sauce also wasn't spicy enough but I didn't order any of their special sauces. Service was excellent and I enjoyed their drink specials. I really needed the staff's cooking advice and followed their directions exactly. I definitely will go back and next time we'll bring the kids.
4	We had a fun and flavorful meal at the new Las Vegas location of Gyu-Kaku on Decatur and Spring Mountain last night.  Eight of us came for dinner and were seated quickly without needing a reservation.  The staff is very friendly here and our waitress explained the menu and all of the options available for our meal.  The Harami Skirt Steak is currently a promotional item at 50% off the regular price per order.  We shared several different items including the skirt steak special, Bistro Hanger Steak, Garlic Shrimp, Bacon-Wrapped Asparagus, Spinach Garlic, Shisito Peppers, Fried Bacon Chips, Edamame, and Shrimp Sukiyaki Bibimbap. There were two charcoal grills for our party, one for four people each, and the guys did the bbq'ing for the gals.  I really enjoyed the Harami Skirt Steak as it had a great miso flavor and no extra sauce was necessary for seasoning.  It was also my first time having bibimbap and I loved it. Those two dishes are ones that I'd definitely have again.This is a great place to come with your friends so you can share lots of different menu items and socialize over some good food.  Gyu-Kaku also offers "BBQ Courses," specials for two people that start at $55 and include many menu items from appetizers to entrees to dessert, a value over ordering a la carte; I think we may try that the next time around when we're hungrier.  I've heard the Happy Hour is also good, but we'll have to wait a couple of weeks for that to start, according to the staff.  We'll be back!
5	Food was great and the staff was awesome. I have to say that this location is better than the Sherman Oaks location due to the bigger venue and shorter wait time... Parking is also better.
5	This place was so good! I loved everything about this restaurant. The service is excellent and the food was delicious. I am always a little hesitant about restaurants where you cook your own food but WOW! It was awesome. The summer blossom martini is delicious.I got the $77 special for 2 and it was more than enough food. I will definitely come back here!
5	Tried this place for the first time in Pasadena, CA. Food was good there, but this location just blows the others out of the water! Service was by far 5star for this town. I was greeted immediately upon entering the glass doors. My server was there to greet me almost instantly after being seated and drinks were on my table with in 5mins! Management, servers, bartenders | EVERYONE | in this restaurant knows the true meaning of "GENUINE" hospitality. If you're looking for a place with good music, nice staff, good eats- this is definitely the place you want to be! I always thought "Gyu-Tan" was gross but while in Pasadena CA a friend of mine actually got me to try it at Gyu-Kaku and now every time I come here I am HOOOOKED! Get it with the scallion sauce*It makes it that much better*! Also, the calamari and garlic friend chicken is just amazing as an appetizer. Their house dressing is PERFECT for the salad! I've been to other Korean BBQ places such as the one by PT's and Macys on Spring MNT and Arville but the quality is no where near Gyu-Kaku Las Vegas! I've told my family and friends about this place and they all agree its the New HIT PLACE TO BE IN VEGAS! I found out they have a hidden VIP section and will be booking for future events. I really can't explain enough that you are getting quality food, 5 star service, and the overall environment of this restaurant is wayyy better than any other Japanese BBQ or any BBQ restaurant in Vegas! oh one last thing, when you're here and if you're 21+ be sure to go to the bar(Bella will usually be there)  and order a round of Sake Bombs! I promise you it'll start and end you're night PERFECTLY!!! I will continue to be a regular here. Thanks for such an amazing experience Gyu-Kaku Team!
4	Finally got here for dinner, heard about this restaurant from my friends many times! The food quality is good, environment is not bad, doesn't feel like those typical Japanese restaurants, I definitely will come back again!! Had a great dinner here!! Love it..!!!
3	A little less than 24hours and I'm still alive, aka not feeling sick.. Lol 3 stars for the food & presentation being good, but also me being nice .. Gyu-Kaku you did me so wrong last night! :(First experience about a couple weeks ago was superb, waitress was attentive, informative about the menu and we really enjoyed the food!Now let me elaborate on last night's visit..Upon being seated, we saw a baby cockroach chillin' on our table, alive and moving. Beau killed it-- asked me if I wanted to go but trust me I DONT KNOW why we stayed.. Service was good, but I just couldn't help myself in checking and making sure every item did not have a cockroach in it.. Don't get me wrong quality of food is there, but the satisfaction of enjoying the food wasn't there because the thought of a roach! I'm sure other places I've eaten at are worst but I just can't over the fact that I saw one.I don't know when or if I'll be back.. I just can't believe my first roach review was on a placed I liked .. :/
5	I have been eating at their California locations for 10 plus years and I love it. Vegas is the nicest location by far. I just love this restaurant.
1	I was really looking forward to go here, but I have to say it was a total let down. There were 8 of us and all of our alcoholic drinks came out tasting like they put only one drop of alcohol in it, if any at all.  Our server told us she'll send over the manager to talk to us about it, but nobody came over at all.The service was horrible. The food was okay and it might have been better if our food actually came out like it was supposed to. We basically ordered 2 of everything but none of the 2 dishes would make it out the same time. To top it off, everybody there was so clueless. I'm not planning to come back here and won't recommended to anybody.
5	Great Customer Service.  Great Prices. Great Food.  Everytime I go to California, to visit family, I go to the Gyu-Kaku there.  I'm soo thrilled that they decided to open one here in Vegas.  We desperately needed it!
5	Friend recommended me here. Over 400 restaurants in Japan. Amazing food. Customer service was phenomenal. Great job JJ. Made happy hour. Awesome drinks. Eat here people!
5	Went here for Happy Hour at 5-6pm. LOVE THE HARAMI SKIRT STEAK!! Super juicy!!! I am also amazed on how fast the grill cooks the meat. I'm sad that they don't have AYCE, but its okay because I had a good experience here. Our waiter was very attentive to our needs despite it being busy during this hour. The desserts were delicious as well, I had the Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe (really creamy!) and Chocolate Lava Cake w/ Ice Cream (it melts in your mouth~). I notice if you do sake bombs the bartenders in the back start screaming super loud in excitement! It was a rather amusing sight to see lol.
3	I give it 3 starts bc it didn't meet my expectations. It wasn't anything special. The inside of the restaurant was very nice and the staff was friendly. The food was not bad but not the best.
4	I went here the other night to check it out. I really enjoyed my visit here. The quality of the meat is really good. Their prices are so expensive.  But you get what you pay for, I guess. I went with 2 other people. We ordered the $66 course meal for 2 people, and we ordered an additional kalbi and kobe beef. The appetizers were just okay. It came miso soup, gyoza, salad, tofu nuggets, and something with spicy tuna on top. It also came with mushrooms and spinach. It came with about 4 or 5 meats. Now, the meats came marinated with their own flavor. The servers are amazing. They are very great! They explain how long to cook the various items. The menu was explained to us, and the server offered his own suggestions. I don't think the course was a very good value as it comes with tiny appetizers.  Also, I normally would not have ordered appetizers. If I ever do go again, I'll try their hh items or I'll just get A La Carte items. They should make courses for more than just 2 people!
4	First time here, very nice restaurant, and atmosphere is great! Japanese style BBQ cook your own food makes for great dining experience. We ordered the "jackpot surf and turf" course meal. $77.77 altogether for 2 people,  exclusive to Las Vegas. 3 course meal included starters such as a spicy tuna salad, fried calamari, miso and much more.. Main entree included 3-4 styles of steaks: wagyu, skirt steak, and a few more I forgot? Salmon, garlic shrimp. And dessert we had s'mores. I wouldn't order the 3 course meal again just because I felt it was a bit over priced. You can definitely order ala carte which is better.The service was good at first but through the middle to end waitress was hard to track down and this young man by the name of Andrew? catered to us and he wasn't even our server. I asked another worker(I'm assuming she was a manager) for a refill and extra napkins and she never came back!! Was annoyed about that. But once again Andrew took care of us!!! Good job Andrew!!!!!  I will return.
4	So so good! I love everything from the crunchy garlic sauce to some sticky rice creation they have on the menu. The servers are really friendly and on top of everything. I made a reservation for 8PM (Friday) and was seated at 8:02! I will definitely be back! Yummmmmmyyyy!
5	What an awesome Japanese BBQ spot. Happy to finally see them in Vegas. It is pricey but you definitely pay for what get for! The meats and marinades were awesome. Best best best J bbq spot in town.
5	I am a Gyu Kaku chain fanatic.  My fam and I always have Gyu kaku whenever we're in So. Cali.  I was so excited to hear about the restaurant finally coming to Vegas.Our first experience here was great.  Food tasted well.  It was still the beginning of their grand opening, so I understand the minor kinks that needs to be fixed.  I'm waiting for lunch hours and Macaron ice cream to come to the Vegas location!!
3	Lord knows how many businesses have come and gone at this address over the years like Underworld, Black Label, and Emergency Room etc.  Its transformation into Gyu-Kaku has been nothing short of amazing.  The ultra cool lit entrance begged the question...does Tron eat here?  Being seated while a female sung cover of Savage Garden's "Truly, Madly, Deeply" at 300 BPM's blared through the stereo made me think it possible if he were drunk.  We considered the course dinners priced at $55, $66 and $77 for a moment but saw a lot of filler that would have ended up untouched like cheese wontons, chicken cheese fondue, house salad, fried chicken (ok,ok, maybe one piece), calamari and S'mores.  Our initial server, Keiko, recommended we start with the spicy cabbage salad over the kim-chee.  Thankfully, we listened.  Crispy, spicy and dare I say refreshing?  It was a fine way to whet our appetite.         Standing out among with meats was the beef tongue and harami skirt steak.  Quality matched the price and both delivered on what decent yakiniku should be.  We also enjoyed the kalbi short rib and although the Angus beef ribs were a little too fatty for the wife, I happily devoured it.  The mushroom medley cooked in an unbeatable combination of soy sauce and butter was a nice side dish.  The only letdown was the "Spicy Kalbi Bibimbap".  They got the stone pot right but the rest of it?  It was as if it were made by a northern Swedish resident with no knowledge of Korean cuisine attempting to replicate it through hearsay.  I would have rather ordered the sliced duck breast, an atypical yakiniku offering, or dessert over this pointless filler.  Despite that, I know I'll be back and stick to grilling.  It's yet another welcome dining choice around Spring Mountain.  3.46729311238987 stars.
5	Guys, I highly recommend this place!  The atmosphere is so relaxing.  The servers are attentive AND the food is delish!  The duck, chicken basil and garlic rice are at the top of my list.  Come here for Happy Hour (Monday 5-6), you won't be disappointed!!
3	If you've been to Gyu-Kaku in Japan or New York City, you'll agree with my 3 star rating. If this is your first time at a Gyu-Kaku, maybe you would give it a 4. Having been to multiple Gyu-Kakus before this, I had high expectations of this restaurant. The staff and restaurant itself were great, however the food didn't live up to the hype. Both Bibimbap bowls: I think it would be more appropriate to call them stone cooked fried rice bowls, rather than bibimbap. There were no vegetables, gochujang or egg in the bowl. It was just rice and some meat! Kimchi: Disappointing :(Meat: Ordered the skirt steak and kalbi short rib. Good, but not special enough for me to go back to Gyu-Kaku for. If you're looking to eat meat, try a different restaurant on Spring Mountain!
3	5 stars for the service! Our server was Bank and he was on point with every thing.The food did take a little long to come out and we did have to remind our server. We ordered off the happy hour menu and we had ordered the shio ramen as well. The shio ramen was incredibly bland; I used to work in a ramen restaurant for two years and I have been to countless other restaurants that serve ramen but this ramen was by far the worse ramen I've ever had. Save your 7 dollars or so and get some more BBQ that's for sure...The meat itself for the BBQ was quite delicious. Some pieces of the toro beef were incredibly dry and hard to chew. I'd say try the other meats they offer instead (I can't remember their names right now).My friend and I had the s'mores for dessert and it was delicious and a great experience.Our total bill came out to be around 70 dollars for dinner for two hungry girls. Neither one of us had drinks, but we did get ramen along with the BBQ. Overall, too pricey for the experience and food quality. I probably won't be returning to this location, but like I said, the service was 5 stars, everything else wasn't.
3	Food was decent.  Service was okay til we were finished n waited FOREVER for the checks.  The waitress overcharged one of my friends by $23.  Luckily they get texts from their bank and noticed before we left.  My bf and I split the Meat Lovers which comes w/6 kinds of meat, salad, miso soup, rice (which we had to ask for halfway through our meal), cheese wontons (they were good but just a dab of cheese..not what we expected) and garlic fried chicken for $55.  I'd rather go to KBBQ n get AYCE for $5 more per person.  The sides here are extra..$5 for onions?  Yea right!  Portions aren't that big....got maybe 5-6 small pieces of meat for each dish.  Nothing to write home about...
4	This is our first time to this location.  We been to the Honolulu location over a dozen times. Food was excellent.  Our server was awesome.  She was very prompt. The restaurant was very very clean. The beef tongue and ahi poki was awesome. I did not care for the miso butter fish. It didn't look like how it usually does. It looked like 3 blocks of calamari with not much flavor. I don't recommend  the calamari either, it was very small.
3	I've seen my friends talk a lot about this place. I've never had Japanese style BBQ before, and being a big fan of grilling your own food at a restaurant, I was excited to try out this spot.Walking into this restaurant, I really liked how they decorated this place. The dark woods, and mellow atmosphere really gave it a sexy vibe. I was digging it.Gyu-Kaku might have the best grills I have ever seen. What makes them so great are the little vents that surrounds the grill. This makes the smoke disappear quickly, rather than engulf your clothes in meat smoke, which tends to happen at k-bbqs.The first thing I ordered were the cheese wontons. Out of everything that I had ordered, this proved to be my least favorite. When I was thinking of a cheese wonton, I expected there to be a full pocket of cheese. That was not to be the case. Instead, there was the tiniest sliver of cheese that could be known to mankind. I should have taken a picture of that.Then my meats came. I thought they were alright. I thought it was good, but I guess I was expecting more. Even though I came in during happy hour, I ordered like three dishes and spent quite a bit on them. Afterwards, I had to go buy a cheeseburger at a take out joint nearby because I was still pretty hungry.The service here was not very good. The guy taking our order was very nice and accommodating, but he seemed lost at times. I constantly had to flag him down. And, he did mess up our order at the end of the night, charging us for extra things that we didn't order, but we were quickly able to fix the situation.I don't know if I'll be back here. My experience was so-so. Maybe I'll come back here later in the future if they improve their service. But I thought the food was aight except for the cheese wontons, which were a ripoff. That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
4	Didn't expect this restaurant to be pretty inside on where it's located.  They changed their hours til 2am, and one of happy hours was offered from 10pm-2am.  Sat in a booth right by the kitchen, but didn't mind when our server was busy running back and forth.  Then to find out it was only two servers that night.  For that situation it was good be sat there because we were always able to see him or catch him if we needed to order more.Kalbi short rib and bacon wrapped aspargus were my favorite.  Sauces on table were ok, but the spicy crunchy garlic sauce you can order was delicious.  Want to try to steamed chili dumplings next time because they were out.  Will be coming back again!
4	I had recently gone to CA for my birthday and found this place on yelp. By the 4 stars, needless to say I was thrilled when I found out one was opening in Vegas! Our experience in CA was so great I was positive it would be great here as well. It was date night and the BF and I wanted to do dinner and a movie. We went in around 8pm no reservation and the wait was an hour and a half!!! OMG so long, no worries though, they are open till 2am. so we decided to come back after our movie. We got back there around 1230am got sat immediately and we're ready! It was happy hour so everything was reduced in price a little. We left stuffed and only paid $43 with the 20% tip included. Well worth every penny. Will definitely be back :)
4	This place is awesome. Good for a group date on one on one. They have everything from fried bacon to beef tongue..yes, fried bacon. The prices are extremely reasonable.Hint: get the hanger steak, miso wings, if you want to try something new, get the beef tongue. Thank me later.
1	It's our first time being here and the service was okay   not impressed with the servers and it took about 15 minutes to get our drinks refilled.. I don't think that we'll be coming back here
4	First time to the Vegas Gyu-kaku.  Exterior is pretty and inviting.  Check!Hostess had no record of our reservation.  Called around 4pm on the day of for a party of 4.  Still got sat after waiting about 3-5 minutes.  I see their "B" rating is posted.  Yipes.Waiter took a very long time to take our order.  He had extra tables but kept us informed and was very nice.  Finally took our order and after waiting a little bit, our drinks and food start to arrive.Wine glasses were not polished (water spots and lips on both glasses)... :-(First item - calamari.  Cold but tasty for hungry people.  Appetizers and vegetables start arriving as well.  Edamame - ok, Broccoli with cheese - yum!, Garlic Fried Noodles - ok, Asparagus - ok, Garlic Chicken - yum!, Mushroom Medley - good, Cheese Wontons - ok, but where's the cheese?, Salad - good.Meats start arriving and we start cooking.  Everything tasty but kind of gristly, at least on the pieces I ate.  We start getting full.  Lots of food for the Meat-Lovers Course.Many items were forgotten that we needed to ask for...garlic sauce, miso soup, rice, refills on water.Our last item was the S'mores which were delicious.  My sweet lovin' teeth concurs.  I know our server didn't mean to suck because he was totally awesome in the end when his station slowed down.  He was gracious all throughout the meal and we will be back.  Gyu-kaku is definitely fun and a good place for a delicious meal.
1	If i could give this place 0 stars i would! The food is terrible and extremely overpriced. There is nothing special about this food, the only thing fancy about this place is the name. Do yourself a favor, skip this gimmick and  eat at Bellagio, i could have done just that with the money i spent here.
3	It was my second time here and sat in the same servers section and both times worse service. We were greeted very nicely and got seated 3-5mins after. Our server, I don't quit remember her name she came around got drinks and food order but then was gone for 45mins. Food runner brought our food she came to tell us to cook and we tried cooking the miso salmon and mushrooms for 15mins and it was still cold. We had to flag down the hostess because server was no where to be found. Oh and we asked for soy sauce which took 30 mins to come out and then she said she had to make it. I mean really?! As our food wasn't cooking the rice was getting cold sitting here. At last I had no choose to get a manager. General Manager Karnsten was amazing. He understood, apologized and helped us. Brought in orders. Checked up on us. Our server came to check on us and she said she will change the grill and once again was gone for another 45mins. Mr. Karsten came to the rescue and did it for us. Overall don't sit in this lady's section or you will have the worse service ever. But general manager Karsten knew what he was doing and keeps the place running. Any problems ask for him and he will help you out
5	I absolutely love Gyu-kaku. The first time I had it was in Cali, When I found out Vegas now had a Gyu-kaku I couldn't wait to go.       *If you want to insure no wait when you go in make reservations Im sure they are pretty busy on weekends.       *Service could be a hit and miss but that is with any restaurant. If you want excellent service then request Ryan He is the best ! Very accommodating makes sure the grills get changed and brings out the food right on time.        * Meat is very fresh and has a lot of flavor! I add garlic to the meats but that is a personal preference.       * General Manager Karsten , he knows how to treat his guests and makes sure they feel welcomed. Job well done. Will definitely be back to Gyu-kaku!
4	Not even sure how this place came onto my radar, but I am glad it did!We went with a small gaggle of people, and it was a blast!We ordered a bunch of the "hot apps" - honestly, was not that impressed with this part of the menu. Calamari was kind of blah, the salad was nothing impressive. We had high hopes for the fried bacon chips. And they were fine, not amazing. Do not be discouraged- This was a small speed bump in an over-all great night.The fun really began when we started getting the food that we cook at the small gas grill in the middle of the table! The marinades are awesome, the process is perfect for interactions, conversation, and nibbling! LOVED the Pork Belly and short ribs! The Garlic shrimp was great too- Order a couple, there are only 4. We threw some asparagus and shishito peppers on, YUM!  Plus a bunch of other meats. This is a perfect spot for a quiet romantic dinner or a small group of friends.A great addition to the LV!Here is my tip-Ask for the Happy Hour menu! It is from 6PM-10:30PM Same food, just a little break on the price.
3	Came in for happy hour. The meats were good. Although our server mixed up our orders with the table next door and screwed up the bill, everything else was alright. I've been to the LA and HI location and must say that LV does not have as much choices as the other places. I would hope for them to put in more items in the future. Otherwise it would have been 5stars.
3	So I can't compare this store to Waikiki but I enjoyed my meal. The music is too loud. They have all u can drink starting at $15. It's a good place for happy hour and groups. Meiko my server speaks Japanese and felt my service pressure. She passed the test. Very spacious lots of parking also. Clean so far. Looks Korean owned. Miso soup hit the spot on this chill night.....had the bistro steak, garlic shrimp, spicy pork, miso soup and garlic chicken.  They were out of bacon wrapped asparagus.
3	This place is just ok. I've eaten a lot of Japanese yakiniku and the biggest thing this place is lacking, is the quality of the ingredients. The meat quality does not justify the price you pay for this place. This alone, I won't be coming back here. And I noticed this from the very first piece of tuna we had (tuna salad) to the very last piece. Angela and I ordered one of the pre-made courses and got the most expensive one. Both of us just weren't impressed. So for the same price I know you can find a better Japanese place that does the same thing.
5	I've been wanting to try this spot since it opened up in Vegas. The happy hour menu options are perfect and the food is amazing. We tried a little of everything, but the stand outs for me were the spicy kalbi ramen, the garlic fried chicken, and the spicy pork. I think the ramen here is actually better than most ramen houses in the city, if not all. The broth was perfect and flavorful, the meat is tender and not fatty, and the egg was perfect. The garlic fried chicken comes with this spicy sauce that honestly should just be put on everything. We tried the filet mignon which was ok, the new York strip that was actually really good, the edamame..which honestly is hard to mess up, the volcano roll...which isn't what it sounds like, and the bacon chips. We'll definitely be back to try more.
5	I'm a big fan of Gyu-Kaku BBQ!  The one just opened in Vegas is definitely the best I've been to. Gone there twice in the past 2 months (no! I'm not a professional gambler) but it's definitely an off-strip destination for me whenever i come to Vegas.  The quality of the meat here seems to be better than the one I've been to in the Bay area.  Ambiance is upbeat and always lively.  Ah, you must check out the bar and ask "Bella", the bartender for a Sake bomb!
4	Went there with a few friends during happy hour and it was excellent from moment one!! The service as wonderful, so attentive at all the right times and left us to talk and eat for the rest of of the evening!  Because we got there at happy hour, the combinations were discounted 20% and most of the drinks are half off so we were paying around $6 a drink. The food was very delicious and fresh! The meats were high quality meats and very tender. I want to go back already!
4	Went for the AYCD ... all you can drink special! $15 bucks for Sapporo and Sake, $18 for premium wells 4/5Their happy hour starts at 9p and is all day till 6p. I had the spicy miso wings which were $5 bucks for 4 wings... FOUR wings?... wth!!! Well my friend told me there is better items on the menu so who knows I might have to redo my review. 2/5 Service was great our bartender Roma was attentive and nice! 5/5Also if you are looking for craft beer.. the choices are very very slim here.AYCD is worth it for sure!
2	The food was just okay, which is pretty disappointing considering the price. The staff was overbearing in their upselling of the menu and their excessive and extensive interruptions to explain of how to cook every single dish made it really hard to actually enjoy spending time with the people I came with. On the bright side, their specialty cocktails were really delicious. I'd go back for drinks at the bar. But that's all.
5	One of my friends recommended me to try this place.So since I'm a big fan of BBQ's and grilling your own food at a restaurant thing, My friends and I went to try the place.Food was bomb, a bit pricey but so worth it! Service was great, they're very attentive and nice! I'll definitely be back for the Happy Hour since we didn't get to try it cause we went there a lil early.. haha :DHighly Recommended!
4	The Japanese BBQ chain finally opened it's first location in Las Vegas.Went with my parents to this joint and they loved it. Ended up spending around $50 dollars total for the three of us due to Happy Hour Special and Industry Specials.We ordered...Appetizers:Spicy Tuna Volcano - Bomb.comFried Calamari - DecentMiso Chili Wings - Pretty GoodSteamed Chili Dumplings - Basically gyoza with chili sauce and this crunchy but sticky garlic chili paste. BombVegetables:Shishito Peppers - Can't go to a Japanese BBQ joint and not order shishito peppers...that's like declining chips & salsa at a mexican joint.Asparagus - There's gotta be veggies somewhere..BBQ Beef:Filet Mignon - Cut was good, very juicyNew York Steak - One of the tables favorite choiceBistro Hanger Steak - Not bad very simpleAngus Beef Ribs - It was coolHarami Skirt Steak - One of the tables favorite choiceKalbi Short Ribs - Pretty goodEverything we ordered was delicious, cook time is simple and the staff lets you know how long you should cook each item for. The great thing is you leave without the smell of meat on your clothes like them Korean BBQ joints.Trendy type of atmosphere, drinks were good, food was good, great deals...it has AKthaBeast's stamp of approval!
3	As I entered Gyu-Kaku at my last visit about a month ago, I was greeted by a sign with a big fat B rating from the health department. Hopefully, they've rectified that. I've eaten at more questionable establishments before so a B rating was only enough for me to take pause. My favorite items on their menu are the duck breast and Japanese pork sausages. I'm not a huge fan of their beef items because they put some sort of sauce on them. I prefer the beef plain for grilling. I would suggest skipping the course menus and just getting exactly what you want a-la-carte. The course meals, for me, had too many items I wouldn't normally order. There's plenty of seating and the space reminds me of a mainstream yakiniku(grilled meat) restaurant in Tokyo. So far, Gyu-Kaku opens for dinner at 5pm and doesn't close it's doors til 2am. Perfect for those with intense late-night food cravings.
4	I like their cocktails. Very colorful fruity taste.   Food are small portion, but reasonable price. Services are kinda slow, but their staffs are all very friendly.
5	The food and service were both excellent. It was a different experience than your usual Japanese restaurant. I especially enjoyed the meat in our package. It was so tender and flavorful ... It melted in my mouth! The leechy saki and saki  bombs were awesome. My entire party had a great time.
4	As a Japanese transplant, it's funny to see that Gyu-kaku is perceived as a cool yakiniku chain in the US. The bar area looks like... well, a bar, even...That's for a reason - here in the US beef is obtainable cheaper than in Japan, which makes it possible that Gyu-kaku offers higher quality beef without pricing really high like many other Japanese yakiniku-ya do.Their execution is solid in fact - meat with decent quality, great service, cool ambience. I must admit that now I'm a fan. ;)
5	I had an amazing time here with my girlfriend and brother. We came and the atmosphere is absolutely relaxing and when we sat we couldn't be happier. It is the first time we had been here and in any kind of this restaurant. As we looked through the menu the specials for two people caught our eye and we ordered one and split it 3 ways. As we finished we weren't full and decided to order more. Our server JJ was awesome in recommending different things off the menu. When we finished the recommended things we moved onto dessert and the smores were a cool thing for the group to enjoy. Will definately be coming back with more people.
5	Heard so many mixed reviews about this spot so I finally gave it a try. ...oh my goodness, it was great! They have everything from Toro Steak to NY and Filet Mignon.They had a slew of different cocktails, saki, some wine and asahi on tap. :)We had the 2 for $55 special, it came with ;Garlic Chicken BallsCheese WontonsMiso SoupGyu-kaku SaladToro SteakFilet MignonNY StripSkirt SteakAnd a couple different strips of steak I can't spell haha.Also came with s'mores !As extra, we got ;Ahi Poke BowlBacon Chips (our favorite)SalmonMochi. they had Green Tea, Chocolate and Strawberry The service was amazing, manager in training came by numerous times to make sure we were ok.I would definitely come back and bring friends!Tips: parking in back.Happy hour20% off for casino employees
5	My brother and I had ordered the gyu-kaku course and it was delicious. Didn't really think it'd be enough for the both of us, but I ended up getting a food coma as if I had all you can eat kbbq. Starting from the appetizers, everything was so flavorful. You end up wondering just how good the next course will be. Photos are attached, but tbh, I was too excited to eat that I did not take as many as I had wanted to in the beginning.As for service, I believe I counted around 5 that came to us, asking if we needed anything in the most polite manner. The interior was beautiful, extracting older Japanese themes with a modern touch. My experience here seems very worthy of the 5 star rating I've given. I would note that the price is higher than your average casual dinner, but it is worth both the experience and the food.
5	Imagine how surprised I was to see that one of our Favorite places from LA was just opened in Vegas! Of course we had to go..This one is beautiful inside... Yet the same as whats here in LA.The service was impeccable though... something that could be hit or miss in LA... Our server was simply fantastic.Given that it had just opened, there was periods of long wait times for the food to be prepared and brought to us. However, the best part of that, was being able to eat at a slower pace and eat more!Food was great as usual.You will love this place if you like making sure your food is cooked to your liking, since you get to cook it yourself.Happy hour is awesome as well with lots of specials.
5	Came here due to a recommendation by a friend. Our experience was amazing. I did not think we would fill up on bits put together but we were all stuffed by the end. We chose one of the meat platters to sample a few different things for the first time. Great drink selection. Excellent way to hang out with friends. Servers were excellent and attentive. Will definitely be back.
5	No joke this place will mess you up...psychologically.  It's like the movie Inception but in your mouth!All in all amazing place, great atmosphere,  amazing food!
4	I've always enjoyed gyu-kaki ever since the first time I tried it in Hawaii back in high school.  We ordered the beef tongue, garlic shrimp, spinach garlic (awesome), yaki shabu miso, harami skirt steak miso, Kali short rib, sukiyaki bibimbap, assorted appetizers, and boy did we eat a lot!!!They ran out of scallops and tofu nuggets - too bad!Service is five starts. Very happy and will return. Thanks gyu-kaku team!
5	Love this place and the service!Food is amazing =D Presentation, savory marinating of the meats, the sauces (I like the spicy one) complimenting the bbq'd meats. I'm getting hungry already writing this!My boyfriend and I are here probably once every two weeks!
3	Just OK compared to the other GyuKakus I've been to.Pros:   Nice decor   The staff tries really hard   Full bar   Plenty of seating and parkingCons:   Food not as good as other GyuKakus I be been to   Food came out kinda slow
1	I have been to the gyu kaku in Orange County many times and it is honestly my favorite restaurant to date. Staying in Vegas with my girlfriends family I heard one opened here I was super excited until I witnessed the horror. The restaurant was nice but other than that who ever is running the place has no idea what they are doing. The service was utterly awful when we got served our water they said our water would be right with us. Yea right that never happened also the water we were served was the most disgusting water I have ever been served this is toilet water I am not kidding. It was so bad I was hesitant about the meat quality which was also not on par with Orange County Gyu Kaku. This place was the most disappointing part of the trip.
4	Had my first trip here with friends tonight! The place was really good. I literally liked everything we ordered and would definitely come back again and recommend it to people. I'm not a big dessert guy but some people at our table were looking fwd to the smores for dessert that came with the combination we ordered.  I guess that is the only downside of our first experience. How do you run out of Smores? It's just graham crackers, chocolate and marshmallows. Every grocery store has those ingredients across the street. Otherwise we enjoyed the visit.
5	LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!! Went there on Christmas day and everyone was great..food amazing..service good and my family loved the idea of something new on Christmas!   Highly recommend especially for special events. We got the $77 surf n turf which didn't seem like alot but with the many courses it was. Also they gave us a deal. Amazing!!
3	Decided to try this place because I love the gyukaku back in Hawaii. The food was alright. Some were the same like the ones back home but some tasted really different. For one, the cheese wontons had a weird cheese dip for it when usually it would come with japanese mayo. This made me sad because it was one of my favorites at gyukaku. But overall, nothing beats the gyukaku back in Hawaii. I would still try this place again. I did go when they just opened so maybe it'll be different next time.
5	second time here and this was outstanding.  ryan our man of the night was a perfect example of how a waiter handles orders and explained all servings.  it was a treat to go there with family and friends.  thank you for having a perfect waiter.
5	Food was super good! My new favorite spot. All the staff were so friendly and helped each other out. We always got checked on, and our grill was constantly being changed.  Water was never empty and our server was so informative and sweet. Get the meat lover! It's definitely enough for 2 people and you get s'mores! ... S' MORES!!!!
5	It was my first time eating in a Gyu-Kaku joint and it made an impression right away.Special thanks to the owners who were very friendly and accommodating. They even decorated the place with authentic materials and designs from Japan. Really cool!...Our food server Yoshi was awesome giving us the detail on how long to cook the meats. High quality meats! We tried the different meats, broccoli and mushroom. To end the our experience was the Sake Bomb! I think everybody should try it for fun. What I noticed too is that you have less of that barbeque smell when you get back to the car. I recommend this to anyone looking for quality food that's reasonably priced with the perfect ambiance. Kudos to the owners and the staff!
