5	This place is awesome.  It's a little Thai restaurant in a strip mall (next to Safeway) in Anthem AZ.  The food is great, well priced, and plentiful.  The menu is huge!  I've been there over ten times and have ordered something different every time.For you in the know it is an offshoot of the Dara Thai in Flagstaff AZ, but I don't know if it's a chain or family that moved down south.If you are in the market for some awesome Thai but don't want to go downtown just shoot up the I-17 (bad traffic northbound Friday afternoon, and southbound on Sunday evenings) and give it a shot... You won't be disappointed.Update: Consistently good.  Added a star because I would be sad without them.
4	It's strange the memories you retain from youth.  I remember countless Flagstaff road trips; to cool down in the summertime and to play in the snow in winter.  Inner tubes... and Dara Thai.I was disconcerted when I saw the signage appear in Anthem.  A little restaurant in a strip mall squeezed between a smoothie shop and some investment banker.  It _couldn't_ be the same Dara Thai.  It didn't have the same highly decorated interior replete with rich colors and ornamentation.  After waiting for the opening I ventured in as was assured it _is_ the same, and the food confirmed it.A seemingly never-ending menu of delectable options.  All of my favorites are done great justice and I've found quite a few new surprises.I had wondered whether the food could stand up to my memories, and rest assured that it can.
4	After listening to the kids say "what's for dinner" and "eww, I don't like that" we started searching for something different for take out.  There are not a lot of different take out selections in the north valley.  We came across Dara Thai on Yelp and the 2 reviews where good, so we took a chance.  And it was worth it.Having 2 vegetarians for children makes it hard, but Dara Thai had a good selection of Tofu items.  We got a Spicy Tofu, Sweet and Sour Tofu and a Gaeng Kari (Extra Spicy).   All where excellent tasting and went over well with the picky eaters that my kids are.The only complaint was that the extra spicy, could have been a bit spicier.  The price was a bit high, but we will definitely order again.
5	The Tom Kha Gai is to die for. I pick it up weekly to enjoy at home. I also love their Pad Thai, Crispy Shrimp and Cashew Chicken. While many of the eateries in Anthem are sub-par, Dara Thai stands out among them. Even if I didn't live in Anthem, it would be worth the drive for their fantastic Thai cuisine.
5	Their chicken pad thai ROCKS! Beware of the spice though. They scale it from 0-5 and we never go over 1. We are sissy white folks, but 3 will leave you remembering it for sometime- if you know what I mean. (not good.. lol)The kiddies get the orange chicken and really like it. We do order it easy on the sauce because they do deliver some sauce with it!If you have room I highly recommend the chocolate mouse cake. It is divine!
5	It is authentic Thai food.  Better then Malees....the soup is fresh and food is prepared well. Friendly and it seems to be famaily owned business. Jewel in Anthem.  Great experience!
4	This is a great little Thai food place and its amazing its found in Anthem, or Stepford as we like to call it.Looks like a couple run this but I am not really sure.  The food is great, the prices are a little high for such a small place, but I go there when I need a few hits of the hot stuff.  Their Tom Ka soup is excellent.They only have about 6-8 tables in the restaurant, but that isnt an issue as it seems that most of their business is take out to the locals.Its very much worth the diversion off the I-17 if you are going to Flag or coming back into town and need something besides fast food fair.
5	Loved it!  I've been looking for a Thai restaurant that was up north and my friend found it and we tried it last night... We had the Keow Num soup (wonton) which was EXCELLENT.  Mostly because it had cilantro in it, which is my favorite leafy green, being a Phoenix native.  It was nicely spicy as well... it was pretty great.  Presentation was awesome as well, just make sure to not light any napkins on fire.For my meal, I had the Gaeng Keo Wan with chicken... EXCELLENT.  I couldn't stop eating it. hahaha  I love my curry and got a level three which was a perfect level of heat without blowing my head off.I'm definitely going back.
5	Being from SF, I have eaten at many Thai places & Dara Thai is at the top of my list! I have liked everything I've tried but my favorites are the Tom Ka Gai & Gaeng Kari. It's perfect every time & on top of the great food, the service is excellent. Peter, the chef always makes a point of coming out & saying hi to us & they always make us feel at home. This is worth the drive if you live in Phoenix & are looking around on yelp for a good Thai place. Check it out, you will not be disappointed!
5	We love this place! The food is fresh, and we really like everything we have tried.  The service is friendly, the prices are great, the place is clean...there is nothing negative to say! Thanks Dara Thai, we heart you.
3	My husband and I tried this place the other night while we were shopping at the Anthem outlet stores. We were expecting it to be a good place, especially since we read all the reviews on the Yelp.  First, I would like to say that the service was dreadful.  We had to wait 10-15 minutes to get service. By the way, did I mention my husband and I were the only two people there?! The place was empty and still we got bad service! Okay, so once we ordered, our meal vaguely resembled thai food. The panag curry was overly flavored with mint and lacked little or no taste of coconut milk. This place is okay for occasional takeout, but that is about it. Don't come all the way out to Anthem for thai food, because you will not get it.M.P.
4	Good Thai cuisine owned and operated by a local Thai family. Typical Thai menu. Portion size seems to be getting a little smaller and unfortunately they removed the non-fried items from their $4.99 lunch specials. If you want authentic Thai for an average price and you happen to be in or driving by Anthem Arizona, Dara Thai is a good selection.
5	They have the BEST Pad Thai!  I've had many other dishes of theirs which are all delicious, but that Pad Thai haunts my dreams at night. (In a good way)  I've recently had Touch of Thai which is a highly rated Thai Food restaurant.  Of course, I had to try their pad thai.  Honestly, It was just as good, but they used the thin, stringy noodles and Dara uses the wide, flat noodles.  You wouldn't think that would make much of a difference, but that's what makes me drive 20 miles more to go to Dara Thai to get their Pad Thai than driving 5 miles to go to Touch of Thai. If your not watching your calorie intake I highly suggest getting the cream cheese wontons and Thai Tea with your Pad Thai!  Now that's what I call delicious!
3	Satisfactory.Good enough to dine here only because there's nothing else close. But I would not recommend going out of your way to eat here.Their red and yellow curries are consistently watery, bland and disappointing. They don't have much flavor and it's next to impossible to see or taste any coconut milk in them.Their noodle dishes are of average quality.Chicken can often be over-cooked and dry.Staff is very friendly. But not friendly enough to overwhelm the disappointing food.Prices are somewhat reasonable.If you're in the area and desperate for Thai, Dara will do.  Just avoid the curries.
4	Dara Thai is probably the best place to dine in Anthem in regards to quality of food. They have an extensive menu with most of the traditional Thai dishes along with Here are some recommendations: For apps, veggie rolls, crab wontons are ok, but go with the Satay ~ slices of chicken marinated in curry and grilled. It comes with peanut sauce and cucumber dip which is not actually dip, it's yummy pickled cucumber slices in this ridiculous somewhat sweet sauce that may entice you lick the bowl and ask for more...  Soups; their Koew Num (wonton) soup is good however I suggest going for the Tom Ka Gai which is a hot/sour soup with chicken, lemon grass, mushrooms, something else not sure what is but taste good in a coconut milk broth served in a "flaming soup tureen".  Dinner/Lunch; Pad Thai, Kao Pad Kari, Panang Curry are all good and you would not be disappointed but I recommend either Pad Gaeng Pa Curry or Goong Gartiem Prik Thai ~ shrimp dish with garlic, snow peas, onions and broccoli.  They also have a few nontraditional Thai dishes like Orange chicken and Beef with Broccoli in case your with someone that is not a fan of Thai cuisine. Heat levels are somewhat conservative so you may need to order a little hotter than at other locations. Service is friendly and quick.  Their prices are very reasonable and their portions are on the larger size, so you can share with someone if you choose to.
4	2013 Update: I'm back from five weeks of eating my way through Thailand and the Pad Woon Sen here in Anthem, Arizona is still a favorite!Okay, I'm home from enjoying a  downright incredible meal at Dara Thai and -- guess what I'm doing?  Eating leftovers!  Pad Woon Sen rocks my house down.  Also brought home some bright and flavorful Tom Ka soup, which I will likely have for breakfast tomorrow.  The only reason I'm not giving a 5-star rating is that veggies are just SLIGHTLY overcooked for my taste.  And, of course, there is the sad vegetable quality all of us in the Phoenix area have to deal with.Okay, so the food is great.  But this restaurant has something that has become quite rare these days ... serenity!  That's right!  No loud music!  No dumb teevee.  Just a good ol' fashioned, straight-ahead nice dining experience.
5	Great little place. We were visting the local outlet mall from out of town and I found good ratings for this place on Yelp. We called 20 minutes before closing and they said not a problem.  Low number of seats, about 75% taken, and still busy with local families having dinner.Fast and courtious service, wonderful Thai Ice Tea. We had some yummy food, and the soup was served in this cool dish with some flames comming out of the middle..Can't go wrong!
5	Wonderful food and great service---we get take out about once a week and sit by the pool to devour each menu item, sampling each others choices.  Very convenient location, lots of items to pick from.
2	Very disappointing.  We drove by this place many times and thought we would try something local.  Not sure why it is getting such good ratings.  The food was just so/so.  Maybe people in Anthem are dying for any Thai so they think it is good.  They didn't even have Thai Basil chicken which I thought was a staple in every Thai restaurant. We did take out and eat at pink pepper on bell.  I don't think we will be visiting again and will probably drive a few miles down to Bell road to get great Thai.
4	Not that into Thai food so don't have much to compare too but was pleasantly surprised by this place.  Had the Arizona heat wave and it was excellent.  Got three star spicy and it was good but should have gone for the four star.
4	This little place is located in a shopping center in Anthem.  It's very small but really cozy and comfortable.  The place was immaculate.  This was our first time here but will hardly be our last... I've added it to our short-list of favorites.  On this trip I had the Pad Thai and it was excellent.  My wife had a broccoli and chicken dish that she raved about.  The Lunch specials are a real bargain.  Since Thai food can be a bit on the spicy side I was very pleased to learn you could choose your level of "heat" from 1 to 5.  I like my Asian food a bit spicy but my wife prefers mild:  Dara Thai lets you customize that level.There aren't many really great places to eat in Anthem (yet -- I still have hope) but this place is worth the visit.  The service was also excellent.
4	They have the brightest neon "open" store sign I've ever seen.  Located near the outlet mall and being from out of town I yelped this place and was glad to have found it.  Food is great and the service is exceptional for a tiny restaurant.  One thing we noticed was that it use to be an Italian restaurant if you look closely you'll notice Italian buildings behind the Thailand scenery on the walls... ;-)
5	Great place for a nice enjoyable dinner.  Service was very polite and fast.  Curry dishes to die for and highly recommend it since we eat Thai often and we feel this is the best place in town now.
4	First time and really pleased. Quick, friendly service and a very comfortable environment. I'll definitely be back soon!
5	My absolute favorite Thai joint and luckily its only 5 mins away from home!  I have only been there once for lunch during the weekdays but usually go there dinner.  The weekday lunch menu has very limited options but their dinner menu has a nice variety.  I grew up on Thai food and love only my moms cooking but I would still absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone even mom!
4	There really is not too much food to eat in this areaSequestered away from most things, posted up at Taylor Tours, dinner from a Walmart did not sound like a decent idea.Looking around, Hans noted this place to be on the opposite side of the freeway(After a few drinks: "Wouldn't it be easier to just RUN across the freeway?" "No, no no no.")I admit slight intoxication upon arrivalAnd I also admit that Phucket Beer they have tastes kind of like a Heineken (but the server was amped on it! I had to say I liked it)Order your food extra spicy, it is not that spicy really.But lots of Tofu/Vegan options.In Arizona, vegan options!?Road, road road!
3	If you are looking for a clean place this is probably not the place.  Something has to be said about the cooling system (aka the huge floor fan in the back).  The tables are sticky and the bathroom door is black and it is not the paint.  However the food is great and mostly (emphasis on mostly) fresh.  Don't come here if you are looking for a pleasant atmosphere and it is probably better to get your food to go!
3	they close @ 8 NOT 830 ;(
2	Maybe I ordered wrong but this was the blandest Thai food I've ever had. Mee krob was too sweet, tom ka gai was thin, and evil jungle princess was pretty one note. Ordered a 4 on a 5 point heat scale and could barely detect the spice. Added extra chile powder to try to zip up the flavor toward the end. That kind of helped, but not much. Every plate that I saw leave the kitchen appeared to be the same color! Service was okay, but there was only one person serving during the dinner rush. This place is adequate but not great.
5	we found that the food here was FANTASTIC and priced well too!   I must admit that i was not excited to go here since i do not do HOT/spicy food - but my husband does and we will now return as often as we can!  The menu has numerous things that are not too spicy for me and still taste GREAT!There was a shrimp dish that was on their special that i can not remember the name of but it was WONDERFUL with a light batter and i have now had TWICE!!   I also enjoyed their Thai Ice Tea and Coffee and the desserts as well!
5	I often eat here weekly!  This is delicious food, great waitress, great service, and it simply can't be beat, especially here in Anthem.  If you aren't a curry fan, try the Pad Thai.  I always get that withe the Geng Kari.  My husband who doesn't really like Thai food really does like the orange chicken...but try the others first.  SOOOO YUMMY!  Hmmm, I think I need to go there now!
4	We've only had take-out from here, so I can't speak to the service or much about the atmosphere, but the food is excellent! Probably my second favorite Thai food in the Valley.
4	I have lived in Anthem for the past 6 years and have never tried this place until now. I am so happy I finally did. Good food at reasonable prices. Also very clean.
4	Great food; a little far to drive to from Surprise but worth the trip, especially if you're in the area. They went out of their way to try and accomodate me with a spicy beef Thai salad - it wasn't what I'm used to but turned out well.
4	This is one of our go to restaurants in Anthem. The food is always delicious, the spiciness just right for both my husband and I, he likes it HOT and I like it medium. We have done take out and eaten in the restaurant, either way it's great food and a good value
5	Hands down, best Thai food ever. This is authentic stuff. The owners, Peter and Nancy, are direct from Thailand, if you can't tell by their accents, and live in Anthem (so you really are supporting local small businesses!) They've become very close friends of mine. Actually, they're friends with many patrons - I see a lot of customers come in and greet them by name. It's really a cute neighborhood type of thing.I have a serious addiction to the panang (curry and mint leaves with chicken) - I've been known to drink the sauce out of the to-go container after the meat and veggies are all gone. The Evil Jungle Princess is my second favorite. The sampler or the chicken sate are fabulous appetizers. The fried banana is also super delicious, but I would recommend it as a dessert to be shared - it's amazing how sugary sweet a banana comes out when heated!I have tried multiple Thai restaurants in my current locale of Tempe, but none have been quite as good, and if we go within 5 miles of Anthem, it becomes "Puh-leeeeease can we go to Dara?!"There is another Dara Thai in Flagstaff that is also owned by them - I think it's Peter's sister that is running it. It's just as good. Oh, and for those of you who say you can't find Phuket beer anywhere... Dara has it :)
5	This is a wonderful Thai restaurant.  We had a great lunch at a very reasonable price.  The salad was fresh and crisp with a well balanced dressing.  My ginger seafood combo was spectacular, with scallops done perfectly tender.  Julie's beef curry was very flavorful.  I plan on returning several times in the next week.
4	Great standards, we are never disappointed.   The tom ka gai soup is one of the best we've tasted.
3	UPDATE! They are only open until 8 pm M-Th and till 8:30 on Fridays. We were turned away when we came in at quarter to 8, thinking the were open till 8:30. The websites including this one all say 8:30 pm PT. Big disappointment. We will go to Touch of Thai where they are so happy to see us.Still good food but major bummer.
5	Okay service, quaint small restaurant, excellent Panang Curry Chicken (perfectly spiced with 4 of 5 level heat) with brown rice! Can't wait to try their soups.
5	Best place to eat in anthem, great service and food. Get the Pad Thai 4 hot and a Thai ice tea!
5	Always great service and great food. The owner is really nice and professional. Server guy is nice and always working hard. The Food is always fresh and made perfect to the point.
1	Anybody who loves their Thai food is probably a high-fructose suburbanite who has never been outside Anthem. I am from Seattle and I am used to really good Thai food. This was the ultimate in sugary, saucy, syrupy grossness. I had the Pad Thai which tasted so syrupy sweet I wanted to gag. My dining companion had the Crispy Duck which was equally slathered in what tasted like bottled or pre-made production sauce. Both meals were given the official suburban American sugar-salt-fat-overload-treatment.It's one of those places where there is not a real Thai person in the kitchen. There is no ambiance to speak of (its in a strip mall, and the decor is your usual average suburban diner. The bathroom (one) was pretty dirty and gross. Needed some serious freshening up (try putting a coat of paint on the trim guys?). Thankfully, there is a Starbucks in the mall across the street. We both agreed that we needed strong coffee to eradicate the syrupy sweet aftertaste in our mouths. If you like this food, you probably need to venture outside your suburban existence. I will give it this, it is better than MacDonalds, but not much.
4	I have eaten at many of the valleys fine Thai restaraunts. Most of them are kind of far for me because I live in the far north of Phoenix. If you live in Anthem or Desert Hills you have to give Dara Thai a try. the food is consistantly great as well as the friendly service. The prices are very reasonable as well. Try the pad thai and the curry fried rice I recomend it with pork or shrimp.
5	There are weeks when my coworkers and I will eat at Dara Thai 4-5 days in a row. All of their menu items are delicious, but I highly recommend the Gaeng Kari and the Orange Chicken lunch special. I've never actually had Thai food anywhere else, but I still feel confident saying they're the best!
4	The food is good! We love the pad thai and the fried rice.  We were not fans of the orange chicken and some dragon dish.. can't remember the name. Nice small quiet restaurant - very fast also.
5	I just love this place. The food is consistently good, the service is always friendly and fast , and the prices are reasonable. I like that I can order my meal super spicy and my wife can be wimpy! Brown rice is always can option and their brewed ice teas are yummy. Always a hit with my family!
5	This is my 4th Thai food review and I'm just now realizing I have a problem. Ever since that coconut soup in Sedona I tell ya! Anyway, Dara Thai is the closest Thai to my place and I'm so glad. It does live up to its hype! I mean, not like my precious Thai Palace in Sedona but close!! Service is great and food is VERY reasonably prices and delish. You won't regret coming here!
5	Our favorite Thai place in Anthem.  We typically do carry out.  They are fast and friendly.  Plus they can make it spicy for you.  Orange chicken is the kids favorite.
2	This place is OK if you haven't had REAL Thai food. Its always interesting to me when a Thai food place serves something like orange chicken because that is neither Thai nor is it an even an authentic Chinese dish. I have been to Thialand, I am asian, I have had a lot of home cooked Thai dishes, and I LOVE Thai food. I've lived in LA, SF, NY and Seattle where Thai food is everywhere and for the most part good. This place is somewhere I would only find at least an hour away from the city. No real spice unless you ask for it, most Thai food it comes standard. They didn't even give us an option until we asked. Bland at best, but I'm sure there's worse. Will NOT come back, that's for sure. I would best describe this place as americanized Thai food. Good for people who aren't THAT adventurous, but like something a little different, just like most "ethnic" food you would finding Anthem.
5	I love this place. We have been here twice now and the food is amazing! We have had the larb, grilled beef salad, drunkin noodles and orange chicken. I would recommend each of them. On top of great food the dinning area is very clean and the service wonderful! A must try :-)
3	I like their Tom Ka, and their vegetarian Pad Thai, I agree with other reviewers they lack authenticity when they include orange chicken in their menu. They all are so nice there though, and I like how small and cozy it is.
5	Love this place! Small restaurant with the same few people always working. They always provide great customer service. They offer dine in or pick up which I enjoy so I can pick up something quick on my lunch break. Have tried a variety of their menu and haven't found anything I don't like yet. I gave 5 stars because I love the variety this place offers in Anthem and will continue to support this business. Prices are also very reasonable.
4	As some of the critics point out, there is better Thai food to be had.  However, this is hands down the best Thai food within 25 or 30 miles, and one of the eateries in Anthem.  The food is consistently good, and the people are great.  If looking for a bite in anthem,  you have to consider this place.
1	Not open on Sunday despite the Yelp profile saying otherwise. Thanks for the waste of time.
5	Great place, this is a hidden Gem here in Anthem. Pad thai is great and their soups are always on point. The service is extremely friendly. Lunch specials are great and very filling. The only down fall is that it's a small place and coming with a family of five makes it difficult. But since they do a great job with their to-go service I just bring it home. Kepp up the good work.
4	My GoTo fav, Pan Se Lew spice level 4 and a side-o brown rice. Hit the Mark! Perfect in spice, noodles and flavor. Thank you for your consistent and delicious dishes! Next up curry...
4	This place is the best breakfast food in all of AZ. The wait is sometimes long but they keep you occupied with some bakery treats! They have good pancakes,great waffles,and amazing french toast.
