4	An excellent breakfast/brunch/lunch tradition in Old Montreal. This bustling establishment was an attraction even before Gourmet magazine singled it out in its 2006 issue devoted to Montreal. Now it's crowded with tourists, with little room for customers waiting to be seated.That said, it's worth the wait and a fair amount of jostling. The sandwiches, soups, and pastries are delicious, and so is the coffee. Olive et Gourmando sells bread, too, and an amazing, decadent chocolate brioche.Personal favorites: the Cubain panini, the chicken sandwich, and the granola. Did I mention the chocolate brioche?
4	The croissants and pastries are amazing. I was there around 9:30 on a weekday morning and the plain croissants were already sold-out. Hence, I ended up trying an almond croissant. It was absolutely divine. By the time we finished eating, even the filled croissants were sold-out. It's like a taste of Europe right in the heart of Old Montreal. All of their breads and pastries are very high quality and very European. I wish there was a place like this in every city.I would definitely go out of my way to go there again on my next trip to Montreal.
4	Its a very nice old-world style bakery.  It feels very European and the attention to details is high.  We missed out on some of the lunch options because we were there "too late."  The signs hung on the chalkboard menu wall told us "too late" next to most options, so get there early enough if you want a lot of selection.  :)The nice hostess seated us and explained in a very French way how it worked.  "You will sit here.  Go to the back to order.  Tell them you are at station 4 and 5. They will bring it to you and you will pay up front when you are finished."  Hey, at least we knew what to do.  :)  The soba noodle salad was very good, the Elixir green tea drink was also quite nice.  Very clean, they wipe the tables as soon as you leave, and the baked goods looked excellent.  This is my second visit to Montreal   and second visit to this bakery.  :)
5	Oh Montreal!   This is one of the reasons why I love you... The BEST place for grab lunch in the BEST area of town.  There's always a wait here, but the line moves rather quickly, so WAIT!  Their panini's are amazing, especially the caramelized onions with goat cheese!  Show up rather early, because they tend to sell out of panini's towards the end of the day.  Also, before leaving, you MUST get the "extraordinary brownie", and also take one to go for the road home.  Honestly, the BEST brownies I've ever had in my life, and my sweet tooth is ginormous!  It has a hint of espresso in it which complements the bitterness of the valrhona chocolate.  And since you're ordering up the brownie, may as well get the chocolate-banana brioche too!  I'm from Boston, and everytime I visit, I stock up on their pastries like it was the end of the world.  I am considering just calling them up and having them ship to me their goodies... worth every shipping penny.
4	An update: Olive et Gourmando reopened in January 2009 after its usual December-January hiatus with some cosmetic changes to the space, AND the decision not to bake and sell breads anymore. The sandwich breads are still made in-house, but OeG says it wasn't doing enough volume in breads to justify the effort. The rest of the menu is unchanged and still as good as ever.
1	I ordered and paid for 3 sandwiches and bakery items to go.  When I came back to my place, I found they had put only one of the 3 sandwiches in the bag.  I know I should have checked but they should have made sure to get the order right.  I'd expect this at McDonald's drive through, but not where they charge so much per sandwich.
4	Best almond croissant ever.  Unfortunately, it was crowded and we didn't want to ruin our dinner reservation, so we stopped in for a snack of some pastries.  The almond croissant was unforgettable.  We also ordered the raisin and walnut brioche and it was fantastic.  Only down side is they're not open on Sunday or we'd bring some home.
4	We went to Olive & Gourmando for lunch. It was a popular local eatery with a very long line. Some students brought a book to read while waiting. The menu was hand-written on the wall in French, which we knew very little. We ordered the food based on our limited understanding and a lot of guessing. We were starved after the long waiting and did not know whether we ordered the food we anticipated. Luckily, the sandwiches were delicious. I will definitely bring a travel dictionary next time.
4	I very happily stumbled upon Olive et Gourmando as I was walking through the Old Port.  Its humble facade does not nearly do justice to the goodness inside.  I was promptly seated at the counter near a lovely open window filled with fresh herb, tomato and pepper plants that no doubt are used in their dishes. They serve various sweet and savoury breads, along with hot and cold panini and several delicious looking salads.  I had Le Cubain panini (a typical Cuban) and the apple salad that was to die for!  Oh, the humanity!  I love that they brought me a whole bottle (branded as such) de l'eau. I find that when I dine alone, those things are usually reserved.  I also had the chocolate brownie which had huge chunks of chocolate in it.  It was good, but not the best I've ever had.  The food was good, the atmosphere was fantastic and the staff was very helpful even though I was only able to speak rudimentary French!  Note: OeG takes cash or debit ONLY, but they nicely tell you that before they seat you.
4	Artsy place with a cool vibe. My wife and I went there for a nice lunch and that is exactly what we got.  I really like the contrast of flavors that we had in our sandwiches. Mango, cajun chicken, and avocado --MMM!! Delicous!
4	Good food nice ambiance but a little pricey for what it is
5	The best coffee shop in old port and downtown area. If you don't have time to go to cafe Olympico, try this. Gets very crowded at lunch time and has very weird business hours so check before coming. Interesting spot for a flash date or just coffee and croissants in the morning.
5	My visit to this cafe made my summer trip to Montreal complete. I couldn't stop going back the atmosphere was so soft and lighthearted yet perfect service, the floor mgr was funny cool and sweet.... I love the breakfast menu... try everything its so worth going here if your anywhere close to old town Montreal
4	Cute little spot in the Old Port. Absolutely lovely, very European with tons of french pastries and good coffee. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal or even to locals.
4	Nice sandwiches and salad. Lot of people on summer days at lunch time.
5	I have two words for you.  The Cubain!!  Do not eat this if you're worried about calories.  Don't be worried about calories and EAT IT!!  This place is busy at lunch so get there early or get take out.  Do you like cookies?  You'll love the cookies here too.  They're huge so good for sharing and once again worth the calories.  We also ordered their salad of the day which was also very tasty.
4	Olive & Gourmando quirkly local place to grab lunch if you're trying to save a buck. They're great for soups, salads, and hot or cold sandwiches which cost about $9. You can even get half a sandwich for half the price! It's a very busy place, especially during lunch time so expect to wait a couple minutes before you get seated. But once you are seated, you order from the counter, and it doesn't take long for servers to bring you your food.They have soups and salads of the day which have unique but fresh and delicious ingredients. My friend had a tasty salad with cooked squash and zucchini. I had the Cuban panini which had ham, braised porc, gruyere cheese, and a delicious mayonaise made with chipotle peppers, pickles, lime, and coriander (I checked their website for the the ingredients if you're wondering. My tongue would not have been able to pick up any of those tastes. All it knows is good or bad). They also have a bakery with cookies and brownies and more. I had a brownie that wasn't half bad, but I've definitely had better.The location is on a lively corner in Old Montreal. You'll see locals and businessmen walking by. There are also boutiques and art galleries galore, so after lunch, you can walk around and entertain yourself.
5	Wonderful!  As another reviewer mentioned - try the almond croissant.
5	Boulangerie Chari in Brussels, Belgium has the second best almond croissants the world over; the best can be found herein. Hands down. And I'm a connoisseur of this particular food, as it's my dietary Achilles heel. Also of note are: all their other pastries. I asked, and they can't ship to the united states. BUT, they're worth bribing your friends to bring em home for you. Oh yes they are!
5	This was my favorite lunch spot in Montreal.  My wife and I were there on a busy Saturday and only waited 5 minutes to be seated.  The system is very simple.  You order your food at the counter in the back then sit down and wait about 15 minutes for it.  I had Le Cubain (ham, braised pork, homemade mayo, and gruyere cheese in a panini) and a bite of my wife's Poulet de Grain Cajun (chicken, guacamole, tomatoes, mango fraiche and cajun spices).  Both were delicious with lots flavors going on and a little kick from the spices.  We each had a glass of their vanilla lemonade too.  I'd never had vanilla lemonade so I didn't know what to expect but I liked it.When you're done you pay at the register while getting an almond croissant to go.  You must not leave without one!  Especially if it's Saturday because they're closed on Sundays.  Their croissant flat out embarrasses the Almost Twist bread at Taipan Bakery in Flushing.
3	Arrived on a Friday early afternoon for brunch and ran into quite a crowd here.  Tables are small and they refused to combine two 2-people tables for a party of three.  Instead, they insisted on squeezing in the third person on the side.  Since the tables are small to begin with, and quite cozily spaced, this was a problem because we kept getting bumped by people passing to look at the offering on the counters.  Table service was cold but the people behind the counters were very helpful and pleasant.  Everyone spoke English.  The food was good but not mind-blowing.  Also, it was overpriced for the quantity, especially things like salad.  The sandwiches, however, were very delicious and were carefully constructed using exotic and fresh ingredients.  I also really liked the focacia du jour, which they panini press and call "pizza-style."  It was warm, gooey and delicious.As a tip, order the glass of coffee instead of the cup.  It's only $.50 more but more than double the quantity.
4	*Service (4.5/5)*: As good as it gets from the moment we walked in. Despite the look on the poor hostesses face at our party of 6, she wasted no time asking a dude to move to a stool and put together two tables. They take your orders at the sandwich bar and took the time to help my sisters pick. Within a few minutes of sitting down, we all had water, a glass of quality ice tea and then our sandwiches arrived.*Food (4/5)*: 3 Viva la Vegan, 2 Cajun Chicken, 1 Smoked Trout cold sandwiches. While the selection was limited to 4 out of 6 because we were "too late", said the sign, we all thoroughly enjoyed our cold sandwiches on grilled buns and left full (Erin couldn't even finish, but she's then tiny).*Atmosphere (3.5/5)*: Awesome blend of a metro bistro down in old cobblestone montreal. The atmosphere was a little busy and we felt like we had to give up the table as soon as we were done but with a full day planned that wasn't a problem.*Verdict?*: I'll be coming back for lunch the next time I'm in town.
5	Oh my, this place. I don't even know how to begin.At least 3 friends recommended O+G to us when we mentioned about our trip to Montreal. One of them even went back 3 times on their last visit. We had to go, right? We were completed shocked by how good the food was. That includes the sandwiches, salads, pastries and drinks. So what happened? In a short few days trip to Montreal, we went back the second time just to have other food on the menu. It was one of the best restaurant experiences we'd had in Montreal, or in fact, the world. Sounds exaggerated? I know but we do feel that way. Get used to it.We tried a bunch of sandwiches: Le Cubaine, Cajun chicken, vegan and pomodoro. We also ordered the extravagant tomato plate with this crazily addictive crouton bits drenched in sun-dried tomato infused olive oil. They are beyond good, the flavour of the dishes screamed extravagant. They have a full spectrum of tastes and flavours.The special drinks: sweet lemon tea and vanilla strawberry lemonade, were both excellent companion to the off-the-chart flavourful sandwiches.Be sure to go before 2-2:30 on a weekday because some sandwiches will be sold out around that time.I would not mind taking a 7-hour drive to Montreal just to eat a panini at O+G, like, today.
3	This place is very cute. It's small with limited seating. The menu takes typical sandwiches and salads and kicks it up a notch with their own unique twist to add flavor. We enjoyed everything we ordered. Grilled Chicken Sandwich with guacamole, mango, tomato on flat bread. Caesar Salad with chicken, bacon, croutons. They also have a take out section where you can get everything to go including everything on the menu, coffee, and trail mixes. They have a very good vegetarian selection on their menu Tofu sandwiches as well as soba noodle salad with peanut dressing. This place takes CASH ONLY.
5	Olive et Gourmando is just oh-so-quaint and charming that it's hard not to fall in instant crush with it... or at least for me.  I came here on my last morning in Montreal during labor day weekend.  I absolutely adore the small decorative details and the cozy atmosphere which was perfect for enjoying a scrumptious breakfast and some hot chocolate before my flight home. Service was helpful and pleasant. Since we had arrived too early for lunch, we were limited to their breakfast menu and opted for the following:Poached egg on your face paniniA delicious panini filled with poached egg salad, comte cheese, prosciutto, and roasted tomatoes.  The egg salad was light and fluffy and perfectly complemented by the sweet and saltyness of the prosciutto and roasted tomatoes. My favorite breakfast panini by far.Almond CroissantMy fellow yelpers don't lie. This is a must have at O+G.  I particularly liked that this pastry was fluffy throughout even though it appears that it wouldn't be upon first glance. Olive et Gourmando makes me sigh with a smile.  It will definitely remain on my bookmarked lists of eateries to visit again the next time I'm in Montreal.
4	So this place was packed when we got here, so we opted just to get a pastry to go.  We had the chaussons aux pommes, mmmm good.  The apple was a little tart and not too sweet.  The pastry shell itself was delicious, sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar.  We wish we were able to fully enjoy what this place had to offer after having the pastry we wanted more! Definitely worth checking out!
5	what a perfect little place.  I wish we had more places like this here in Miami.  All you need to know is that everything is exceedingly fresh and the sandwiches are the best I had in Montreal.  The atmosphere is very cute with great energy.  Highly recommended for an excellent lunch.  We were there for 6 days and came here twice.
5	love love LOVE this place.  i don't know if its b/c the tomatoes are so fresh - again something we realized after visiting montreal - the tomatoes are so fresh and good.  like crack - addicting!  i love it so much i want to give it 5 stars and wanted to go back for dinner and the next day for breakfast/brunch.  it is in a completely cute area of old town montreal and has the cutest vibe.  entering the restaurant, you wait in line until someone comes up to you and asks for your name and # in party.  you wait and then get seated at a table.  you then order your food at the counter, give them the paper that the host/hostess gave to you and wait for your food to arrive.  how they know where you are sitting to deliver your food - i still don't know.  i don't remember them giving you a table number.  it has such a cool vibe, ambiance.  very casual with a mix of couples, singles, and families.  service was good and everyone was very friendly.  we ordered the tomato/mozzarella salad, cream of broccoli soup, and a side salad.  all were phenomenal!  the tomato/mozzarella salad had the perfect mix of ingredients.  there were some crunchy crouton type of fixings along with some roasted tomato/olive salsa.  the cream of broccoli was more like a broccolli puree and was not that fatty/creamy.  we also ordered almond croissants to go (as recommended by other yelpers) and a palmier.  we had the croissants the following morning on the plane and they were still completely tasty!  i cannot wait to go back to olive et gourmando...i would love to eat breakfast here every day if i could.
4	Some mighty fine pastries and croissants with the combination of good italian coffee while located at the heart of old Montreal, makes this place a true gem!
5	Arrived at ~1:30 on a Friday to a 20 minute wait.  TOTALLY worth it.  The leek and potato soup was delicious, my grilled sandwich excellent and my wife's soba salad amazing.This is the type of place we would have returned to 2 or 3 times during a short visit to a new city, but there are just too many other Montreal institutions to try.
4	Lovely, lovely little lunch spot!The wait can be long (or they will tell you it's long and turns out to be quick!). Order in the back and food/drink is brought to your table. Very interesting lunch menu . . . good selection . . . nice wine/beer. Very delectable little treats at the front where you pay your bill.Staff are nice, hip, and available!
4	Good fresh and interesting sandwiches (trout was very good), salads, soups.  In a comfortable cafe.  I'd definitely go back even if I hadn't tried the sea salt turtle bar which earned a star on its own.
5	Came here for breakfast at the recommendation of our hotel concierge, and can't say I was disappointed. The service was great, even in the morning rush. Our server even took the time to chat with my friends and I to recommend places to see during our  weekend in Montreal. I absolutely fell in love with the apricot coconut & white chocolate brioche. The place itself was comfortable and rustic - felt like we were in  France. Would definitely go back again!
5	An adorable place in Old Montreal get a great breakfast/brunch!The space is quaint, cozy, and FULL of people. Don't let that deter you, the food is worth the wait. The poached egg sandwich was completely delicious - perfectly cooked egg, a roasted tomato that was the star of the sandwich, and some smoky prosciutto that added another great layer of  flavor.Service is great considering how busy they are. The folks that work there are friendly and very helpful.Don't leave without a sweet treat for the road. The salted caramel turtle bar was seriously the yummiest thing I ate in all of Montreal.
5	I have been here now for lunch twice, and I am always grateful to make the trek to Old Montreal.  The space is great, the coffee/hot cocoa/tea are amazing, and I love their sandwiches. I got the Herbivore salad last time, and it was also great.  Plus their desserts are quite nice.  It is super busy, so expect to wait, but the service is friendly considering.
5	You will never find a better mocha. Ever. Nice place for celebrity spotting too in the summer.
4	amazing paninis.amazing homemade lemonade.amazing atmosphere.really good place for brunch.and who can beat the lovely euro feel of old montreal?
5	I grabbed food here on the way to the airport after a meeting in Montreal a couple of years ago.  It was pricey, but service was fast and the food was unbeatable.  My only "complaint" is that, like so many other places in Montreal, everybody switches effortlessly between French and English and makes me feel lame for only knowing one language.
5	This place is awesome. They also have a great idea.  You go up to the counter and order your food, sit down, eat, then pay right before you leave.  I think that this definitely speeds things up a lot.  I got the trout sandwich with kapers, herb cream cheese, spinach, and onions and it was delicious.  I could tell that the bread was fresh and homemade.Loved it!
5	I'm always impressed when i eat a sandwich and think - even though the ingredients are listed on the  wall, there's no way I could ever put them together in a combination that would be this good... It's baffaling really... House made tea and lemonade also spectacular - cafe americano was quite lovely as well. Avoid the 11-2 Lunch rush - we got there at 3 and still had a 15 minute wait, but well worth it.
4	Walked over to Olive et Gourmando for breakfast as I had read several Yelp reviews about it.  While I won't agree with it being "the country's greatest" almond croissant... Their croissant was quite tasty and unique from other croissants I've tasted.  Their almond croissant is definitely denser than most. Very buttery and it is a very oblong shape... Almost not resembling the familiar crescent moon shape.  The best way to describe it's distinct taste is that the butter appears to be churned from "raw" cow's milk as there is a sharp dairy taste to it.  But it was a very creamy, almost creme-fraiche-like type of dairy freshness.  It is not a flaky croissant, but rather a buttery type.I also tried the pecan and raisin brioche. It was not teeth-wrenchingly sweet, and had just a tinge of tartness which I would guess comes from a raisin-y syrup or glaze. The brioche was very buttery, flaky on the outer "rings" and dense an buttery in the center.I got a cup of cappuccino to wake me up. The foam was creamy without being too heavy. It wad a great cappuccino!I also thought I should mention their fruit bowl as its not the ol' boring one you'd see in Toronto. Olive et Gourmando's fruit bowl comes with fresh figs, julienned apples, passion fruit, mandarin orange - just to name a few. You get assigned a table. Are given an order form with your table number scribbled down which you bring to the counter, and they will bring you your food after you order. Then at the end you pay at the counter. Only negative is that its cash only.A great place to grab brekkie.  Wish we had more places like this in Toronto!
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?? Easily the best food I've had in Montreal. I had the mac & cheese, which was perfect. The mushrooms gave it a wonderful savory taste and the texture was something I didn't know I wanted until I had it. The accompanying salad was light enough on the dressing and very, very fresh. Well worth the trip downtown for me and I will be back.The only issue was price. My lunch for one of the mac and cheese, a small soda, and an almond croissant came to about $21. There was a lunch rush but as a single, I didn't have to wait at all for a seat at the counter.
5	Everyone I know that's been to Montreal, raves about Olive + Gourmando. For the sake of Yelp, and my appetite, I had to go. And yes, it's amazing.O & G has a charming, Paris-like cafe feel. Wood tables, freshly baked goods on display, delicious smells and classic but funky decor. The place was packed (so be prepared for a bit of a wait), but you're assigned a table number when one becomes available and then go stand in line to place a food order. If you're looking for take-out, that's also an option and you stand in the same line to place an order.They have about 9 sandwiches written on chalkboards above the food displays - my memory is failing me, but they were all classic with a twist. Chicken with pesto and roasted red peppers, caramelized onions with some sort of meat....something spicy. My apologies for the vague descriptions, but I guarantee they were delicious and fresh.  They also have an array of fresh salads, fruit salads, and  REALLY good fresh breads & spreads. I had the ricotta cheese with a yummy olive oil and parsley, cherry tomatoes and warm bread with a garlic-y glaze. It was delicious, and great to share.We also tried the baked goods (how could we not), and tried a butter croissant, banana loaf, and a mixed fruit and nut muffin. All fresh, all delish.The lattes were just another bonus, and added a nice touch to our lovely brunch. Located in the heart of old Montreal, this is a must-visit restaurant! All the rave reviews, are accurate!
5	Who knows Montreal, knows Olive & Gourmando.  An Old Montreal gem promising the most gratifying sandwhiches, warm home-made soups and fresh elegant salads.  And it is understood that no matter how full you are, a dessert is a must have! With the most enticing selection of baked goods all made in house, you will surely be seduced! This is the go to place for local Old Montrealers, as well as my ultimate recommendation for tourists looking for a great neighbourhood treasure.
5	A must stop for any Montreal visit. Everything is soooooo good. And very reasonably priced.HIGHLY recommend.
4	The sweet stuff is less sweet than the ones in America, which is a huge plus. Latte was meh. Atmosphere was good. Would come again.
4	Olive et Gourmando is a cozy little cafe that is on the outskirts of the Old Town. It is decorated in a very inviting yet casual way that makes you want to sit there for hours. It is old-fashioned in a way that it has gourmet food on display everywhere, but there is something rustic yet modern that instills trust in me - so I don't have to order something safe on the menu (like the other old town restos). It is sorta split into two with a coffee station and a sandwich station. You sit down at a table which has a little flag with a number, and then when you order, you tell them what number you have. I have had the Cubain there which I think is a Cuban sandwich and has nothing to do with Kurt Cobain. The sandwich here is a pressed sandwich or hot panini with ham, braised pork and gruyere. Very tasty. It is not the biggest sandwich and doesn't come with a side. It makes up for it small size in flavor. My friend ordered a Cesar Salad with chicken which she said was good, although there were only two pieces of chicken in the salad. The food is visually appealing to the point you could have a photo session with it, and so did a man sitting behind my friend. He staggered his bread pieces around his soup (I think it was), and then spent half and hour shooting it. We tried going today at around 4pm on a sunday and it was closed. So you might want to check the opening hours before heading here!
5	Why is it so hard to get a good espresso and croissant sometimes?  I'm so glad that I found this place because they fill that void.  I'm not going to lie - this place is packed so  you'll have to take that into consideration.  The staff has a bizarre system that seems to keep things moving along and their friendly attitude makes it work.  Everyone was super nice and the coffee was so rich and wonderful.  The baked good were heaven - brioche, croissants, muffins... and the egg sandwich is so flavorful.  This place is filled with character and is a wonderful experience.  Please note that they are closed on Sundays :(
5	Olive et Gourmando is part of the hip renessaince in Old Montreal. There is a set of new stores and new culinary destinations making names for themselves. Olive et Gourmand is an affordable gourmet sandwich spot amongst this revival.Upon entering, a place to sit and eat is picked for you and you move to the back to order your sandwich. There are several options daily, using fresh ingredients until they run out. I chose the Chevre Chaud, which was an answer to the American grilled cheese. It was a pain blanc bun with chevre and caramelized onions, and then grilled on a panini. The bread was perfectly white and fluffy with a good panini formed crust on the outside. The cheese on the edges also became toasted and caramelized.  It was served with a homemade ketchup dipping sauce, analogous to tomato soup but served cold, a bit thicker, and a bit sweeter. It was the perfect counter balance to the chevre and the caramelized onions in the sandwich. The delightful sauce sunk into the sandwich like a glorious edible sponge. Each bite is a treat for the palette.I loved Olive et Gourmando so much that I returned the following day.
5	By Day 3 of my recent trip to Montreal, I was beginning to doubt the city's culinary ability.  After reading all the hype on Yelp, I had pretty high expectations...being a food snob, I still went in with a critical mouth.  I wish I could give a 4.5, but only because I want to challenge myself to find something even better than this on my next visit.At 10 on a Monday morning, this place was full - I can only imagine weekends.  We were instantly sat, though, and our "waitress" took extra time explaining the process of ordering pastries/coffee at the front, and sandwiches in the back.  Not wanting to completely overdo it, my friend and I split a sandwich which had THE BEST oven-roasted tomatoes, making the $10 worth it.  I had a latte and almond croissant and would easily have devoured twice as much.  It took all my will power not to order a cheese croissant to go.
4	Yum, still dreaming about the tofu hummus sandwich... If it came with a small side salade it would be a 5*, but very good casual place.
4	The food here is fresh and delicious, I never thought I would enjoy a veggie sandwich so much.  The trout sandwich I had here was also pretty good, and the soups and bakery items looked and smelled incredible.The worst thing about this place is how incredibly busy it is.  It's always packed, with people waiting outside on the street since it's pretty tiny.  They also have a weird semi-table-service method where you get seated, but then order at the counter with a ticket, then a server comes out to deliver the food (eventually).  Then, you get up and pay the cashier.  I guess they don't want to shout out order numbers.As a lunch option, it's one of the best light meals in the Old Town.  I personally liked Le Cartet better, but this place is good.
3	The first time we walked by Olive et Gourmando, you could hear the din walking down the street.  I thought that we were happening upon an uber-cool bar, but it was a Saturday afternoon when we stumbled by.  We made a mental note to try Olive et Gourmando for breakfast instead, since sometimes busy restaurants don't work with our active toddler.  The second time we went by, my high school French failed me as I was wondering why they weren't open, though the sign said 8 to 6.  Well, just don't go on a Monday!  We ended up at Titanic instead.   In the end, I sent my husband and brother to pick up many things to nosh on the way the flight home.  Apparently I was spared the crowd, surprising for a week day!  The goods were quite decent and my favourite was the rhubarb and ginger muffin.  They had no morning glory muffins, sadly.  The chocolate brioche wasn't as sweet as a chocoholic would hope for, but it was Valhrona so high quality chocolate at least.  The almond croissant was much sweeter.  My brother apparently didn't like his egg sandwich, but my husband did.  I think they spent about $50 on a variety of items that I lugged to the airport.  Everything was individually placed in a bag, which sported huge butter stains.  :)  Just the sort of thing you need on vacation.  I'd do it again if I had the chance.
3	Extremely popular lunch spot; but didn't quite get the hype aside from the excellent pastries and lattes (this is where the 3 stars comes from).  Went here for an espresso and a chocolate brioche, both of which were awesome but then came for lunch and had the Cuban sandwich....not so awesome.  It was just really greasy with a little meat and cheese and the other sandwiches looked so much better.  The ginger tea was excellent though, and the salads looked pretty good.  It's also really pricey -- $35 for 2 sandwiches and 2 teas.  Next time I will pass on this place for lunch (or the Cuban at least) and only go here for the pastries and espresso.
3	Honestly folks get a grip.  The sandwiches are good but not extraordinary and not worth going out of your way for.  It gets a zero for ambiance.  All the guide books talked this place up but we just didn't get it.
5	Brilliant place. We visited twice during our long weekend in Montreal and enjoyed this bakery/cafe. Try the delicious house-made fontina cheese plate and the basic green salad (which is anything but basic)
5	Simply divine!  Picturesque flower pots open window seat looking out to Old Montreal on Rue St. Paul made it five star highlight.  The entire menu delights me!  By far my favorite breakfast/brunch hot spot in Old Montreal!
1	ttempted to eat here on Thursday, July 21 at around 1 pm.  All tables were full with nobody waiting.  We were told by the hostess (tall, slightly curly short black hair; medium plus build) that we would have to wait around 10 minutes and that we were next.  After approximately 5 minutes, a couple walked in and were greeted warmly by the hostess in french (we speak only english) and were immediately given a table.  When the hostess returned, we asked her why they were seated before us if we were next.  She stated that they were waiting before us.  They were not.  She was extremely brusque and aggressive in her response.  The attitude was overflowing.  This led us to a few possible conclusions:1.  she knew them personally, 2.  they were given preferential treatment because they spoke french,3.  the restaurant has become drunk with success and no longer feel that civil customer service is part of their business model.It seems a shame, given the food looked pretty good.
5	The sandwiches are to die for. Ingredients that you wouldn't normally think mix well are like symphonies of flavour in your mouth. Get there earlier in the day because they run out of sandwiches and there are less choices to pick from.
4	The food here lived up to the hype. Great neighborhood vibe.  Walkup and order and then they serve you.  Not a place for dinner but any other time the place would be great.  Good music going also.  Highly recommend it as a stop.
5	SO GOOD! My boyfriend and I stopped in here for lunch a couple days ago after spending an hour or so at the Biosphere (we actually meant to go to the Biodome but we mixed them up, ended up there, and were very disappointed to realize that we were in the wrong place and there were no penguins).  We got off the Metro at Square-Victoria and walked just a few blocks to get to O + G. They don't have a big sign out front, so for a second we thought we had gone to the wrong place....again. :) But alas, we were in the right place!There was a line and we did have to wait about 15-20 minutes, but it was well worth it. The atmosphere was lovely despite the general hubbub. You order at the counter and they bring you the food. The menu is posted on a chalkboard and is written solely in French, so I had to do a little translating for my boyfriend before we could decide. As long as you have a basic knowledge of food-related French words, you'll be okay - Oh, and they do have some handy little chalk drawings surrounding each entree so you can get some clues that way. We got the goat cheese panini and it was deeeeeeeee-lish! I'm usually not a big fan of caramelized onions, but this sandwich was seriously good. The homemade ketchup was really yummy and added a lot of flavor. We also got a bag of kettle style dill pickle chips, which they bring to you in a basket. I also ordered a raspberry limeade, which they make themselves, and it was simply divine! Both of us were very impressed with the food and absolutely loved the sandwiches. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Montreal.
4	One can't help but pine for the culinary comfort of a Parisienne cafe when walking the cobblestone streets of Old Montreal. When in search of a place to have breakfast we happened upon this place which had quite a line at 10 am on a friday. Stupidly we opted to go to a place across the street that was fairly empty called Marche de la Vilette which ended up being a failure. Angry we went back across the street just to check out the menu and I ended up getting a sensual chocolate banana brioche bun. The butter caused see thru grease stains in the takeaway paper bag but I didn't come to Monteal for salad and granola... We still wanted to try the true "petite dejeuner" and hit up Olive et Gourmando the day after. We had the egg salad hot panini which was a damned revelation. The cafe au lait was great too. Reading the paper in the sunlight that teased its way to our table and dining on a complex panini of eggs, sriracha, oven roasted tomatoes and cheese was one of the fondest memories of our trip.
3	Had the raspberry muffin and it was delicious and fresh.  Well, it better be for $3.50.  The chocolate croissant was crispy but I've had much better in Montreal and in other cities.
4	This place reminds me of Paul Maison - a cafe I found in South Beach Miami. Both are little Parisian-esque cafeterias that showcase delightful bakeries and serve gourmet sandwiches made-to-order in a casual semi self-serve style. Coincidentally, Olive et Gourmando is on Rue Saint-Paul Ouest...huh, look at that. Cubain...zesty!  Roll crevettes + crabe   Chevre Chaud with homemade ketchup   Olive et Gourmando is a smaller, less polite version - I found one server scary, and I'm pretty scary myself.  You are directed to a seat and then given a sheet of paper.  You take it and head to the back to order. My sister and I got there late, what with our stop at Jeans Jeans Jeans!  By the time we arrived, they were sold out of the sandwich I wanted - egg on your face - booyah!  I feel like it needs to be followed with a booyah and two-finger gun shot motion?!?  I opted for the Chevre Chaud aka grilled goat cheese while my sister ordered the Cuban.  Then we decided to share the shrimp and crab roll. A little well-known fact for you: the average sister duo would share two sandwiches...but we above-average oinkers share three plus dessert.  All in all, the sandwiches-paninis-whatever you want to call them were very good, although the shrimp roll did not hold a candle to our mom's.  Our mother makes the BEST sandwiches in the world - her homemade chicken salad and shrimp sandwiches kick ass. For dessert I got the turtle bar which my sister could only nibble at because it had nuts.  Whoops, I'm still getting used to the fact she's avoiding nuts.  Poor sister recently discovered she may be allergic to them and it's still under investigation. It's really sad. Like, really sad. Our family is like animal kingdom, when you tell a pig she can't eat something, the jungle cries. All in all, I liked Olive et Gourmando; it may have been good-er if it wasn't so pricey. We finished off our plates and walked off the calories around Old Montreal. I want to go back to try the Apple turnover and egg on your face...but this time I will be sure not to be trop tard...Olive et Gourmando is trendy and fashionable, but a little high maintenance, huh, sounds a little like me *wink*.
5	What? Cuban sandwich?  Drools... I'm speechless. I need to turn the chef or chefs into my BFF !I can't even explain the flavor explosion of this sandwich, I feel like I'm insulting this masterpiece by calling it a sandwich. It is seriously the best sandwich ( so sorry to call you that ) I've ever tasted. I wish they would open another one closer to where I live. The place is very busy but worth the wait. Yes 10$ or so for just a sandwich with no sides is a little more pricey then other places but you owe it to your soul to try this little miracle. I do want to try the other things they have but it's soo hard, I can't neglect the Cuban I just can't !!!Are you convinced yet? I could keep going if you like, in fact I could write a poem about it, it's that good. Olive and GourmandoI love your Cuban sandwich I'd eat 10 in a rowAnd I know I would finishI crave it night and dayIt is seriously the bestIt drives me nuts that wayI can't even try the rest !
5	Croissants!  Croissants!  You really can't go wrong with any croissant in Montreal, but I have a new soft spot for the cheese croissants from Olive et Gourmando.It's a little, yet spacious-enough-to-allow-a-decent-sized-crowd type of a place, and it's located sort of in between downtown and Old Port - if I recall correctly.  I *think* it was near the Square Victoria metro station.I love the street it's on, as it's a narrow path with tall buildings lining it, and this shop is right on the corner.  The first thing you can do is get in line.  Then, you can drool over the display of breads and sweets they have behind the short glass in front of you.  Seriously, I was a bit peeved that I had to actually make a decision!  I saw "croissant de frommage" and if I learned any French while in Quebec it was the word for cheese.  I asked if I could get a breakfast sandwich made with that croissant and she said no.  Shucks!  Anyway,  I figured the cheese croissant would have a center-fill of cheese.  I also got an almond croissant.  Once you order, they tell you they'll bring everything to your seat.  You will pay afterward.  It didn't take long and the croissants arrived, with a latte (that I also had ordered, but this was just ok...  a bit lukewarm).  I tore into the cheese croissant and noticed nothing inside.  Hm.  Oh well, it's still a croissant and there ain't nuthin' wrong with that.  But wait, it tastes like cheese.  Ok, get this: They seem to have baked the croissant with the cheese having been kneaded *into* the dough.  So, there was cheesy goodness in every bite!  Because of that, the croissant was not overly flaky, but chewy and soft and buttery and complete perfection.  I didn't want it to end.  Oh, and they cover it with sesame seeds.  Yum.  The almond croissant is also incredible and truly almondy!  It just depends on if you want something sweet or savory.  Neither is wrong.I sat against the "bar table" by the window, with stools.  It's probably where most of my seating was during this trip.  Loved looking outside while simultaneously relishing in delicious culinary experiences.  Once you're done, you get back in line to pay - and tell them where you sat.  I'm not sure how the heck they keep track of all this, but they know.  For a couple of croissants and a latte, it wasn't even $10.  I believe the croissants were $2.50 or $2.75.  I ended up getting back in line to buy some more to take back home with me.  My dad ate them all for breakfast, and didn't leave any for my mom.  By the way: They keep well in the paper package, and even when accidentally put in the fridge, they still are fine once you bring back to room temp.  Well, my dad said they were not only fine, but outrageously awesome.  Service is nice, but the cashier got confused by me a time or two.  It's ok, it's not the first time I'm not understood. :-D  I'll be back to try lunch here.  Next trip back..  Can't wait.
4	Love that place, the hot chocolate and chausson aux pommes are amazing ! For the Parisian that I am, it was as good as home, the decoration in extra !
4	Hey...you looking for a good bakery? You want a good pastry or two? You want a cinnamon bun, or a garlicy corn bread muffin, or a yummy cookie? This is the place for you!Oh hell yeah! I would come here again in a heart beat.  here is the thing, though. They don't have bread here. So don't come looking for a baguette!
4	The Skinny: really great pastries including the almond croissants and the chocolate brioches (4) The service, if dining in, can be confusing because you have to order everything at the back counter.  Unfortunately, the restaurant is claustrophobic, and noisy. They also don't take credit cards unless you have over a $10 purchase (3) Overall, this is a great little breakfast/brunch/lunch spot. If you can't take the crowd, get your stuff to go (4).After discovering this place on Yelp, I ventured to this cafe at least 3 times during my short stay. I ate in once but after experiencing the crowd decided to do take-out afterwards.This place is definitely hopping. Primarily a breakfast/lunch place, every time I went here, it was literally brimming with people. At 2:30 pm, you had to wait 10-15 minutes to get a table for three. Service is confusing so I'll give you the low-down. If you decide to eat in, your waitress will hand you a meal ticket which you are supposed to bring to the back sandwich counter. Order all your drinks, pastries and sandwiches there and they will bring out your order to you afterwards. If you want to add anything to your meal, you just go to the back counter and let the server know what you want and they will add it to your tab. When you are done, you line up at the pastry/to-go line and pay there.All I can say is pastries are king here. I had three different types of brioche and almond croissant here. Everything was pretty good here. Personally I think the best of the bunch was the chocolate brioche. The lovely pastry was brimming with Valharona chocolate encased with a flaky, buttery bread. Chocoholic porn. 'Nuff said.Almond croissants were also delicious however were a little on the thinner side. The maple/nut and banana/chocolate brioches was a little too moist for my taste which was detrimental to the pastry itself. The flavours however were very good despite this which was why this place gets a 4 for food.On the down side, this place is very crazy. Literally, there is no space in this cafe. So don't expect to have a quiet little snack around here. Noise is at a premium while you'll probably be able to overhear your neighbours conversations. Another con is the credit card policy (no credit card over $10). I also wished they made chai lattes too.Overall, a great little breakfast/lunch spot in downtown Montreal (4).
4	Cheese Croissant - addictive!Almond Croissant - dense and flavourful (though a bit heavy for my tastes).Latte - the coffee was fragrant and the milk was smooth..the best latte I've had in Montreal!Going back to try their poached egg breakfast sandwich...may upgrade to 5 stars!
5	We happened to stumble upon this little gem while walking on a brisk day in old Montreal. The space was packed which we thought was a good sign. When we wet to order our food it became apparent why- this casual bakery and cafe had wonderful food and desserts to die for- the double chocolate and pecan cookie was amazing! If you want a quaint space to have lunch with fresh ingredients or a delicious pastry and coffee then you should go here.
5	This is a great cafe and bakery in Old Montreal.  The coffee is very good and the food is super fresh and well made.  The servers all are very friendly and welcoming.  My server highly recommended the "morning glory" muffin and it was probably the best muffin I have ever had.  I will definitely come back the next time I am in Montreal.
4	Was put onto this place by a waitress at liverpool house, and she was right to rave about it.Read all the good reviews because they are all true. make sure you ask them how it works first, namely: you get a table; you order from the bar (front or back); they serve; you enjoy.All they are really missing is some kind of terrace, cause i could sit here all day and people watch.
4	My first Montreal cafe! It was a cold winter day but excitement definitely aids in ignoring the chill. The weather could explain why I saw few people.   Walking into this place, I discovered this was where everyone was hiding.Packed and bustling is how to describe what I saw. I cannot imagine this place in the summer.My French to say the least is rusty and squeaky would be the best compliment I could hear. I couldn't understand a single word - and I studied it for how long? I swear, even when i heard the basics, I was a bit dumb founded.  Practice, practice, practice.We were seated quickly but I have heard there are long waits. Its a great people watching space if you are waiting. Lots of eye candy. Yummers!So here is why you should go: they serve your coffee with warm, frothy milk. Who does this? Is this a french thing? I love it if it is. The coffee was strong but without any bitterness.  Presentation, atmosphere and speed - this place scores high. If you want something more spacious and quiet, oh, girl, you will have to go elsewhere.As for the French language, they speak English as easily as French - so do not worry!
5	The soups here are fantastic. I stumbled upon here when I was on vacation and I will make it a point to go back. I brought home the packaged nuts. So good!
4	Crowded but the food is heavenly! The restaurant being closed on Mondays seems strange
5	Just as good as you think. Fun atmosphere, delicious pastries, great service. The wait is often long. I recommend trying breakfast (early - before 9am) to avoid long waits. There is one hot breakfast option (like an egg sandwich with fontina mmmm) and all the amazing pastries you could want. I like the apricot, white chocolate and nut brioche. Very close to the Pointe a Calliere Archeology museum for out of town guests.
5	Best Ricotta of my life.
4	Very good food and pastries !! You can't be claustrophobic! Definitely will go again!
4	A must go to place for breakfast, brunch or lunch in Vieux Quebec.  My wife found it extremely "cute" and fell in love with the place.  If you go around 11 you will be in good shape for an early lunch or brunch.  Breakfast did not seem to be much of a jam on the weekday we went (we went twice by the way). All the pastries are wonderful, especially the cheese biscuit which has a little cayenne kick to it.  Wifey loved the cuban panini.  I thought the filling was great but I personally am not a big fan of overly toasted bread (not burnt).  That being said, I would order one of their paninis again any day and love to devour some cheese biscuits for dessert.  And do yourself a favor and get a large cappucino.Not really that expensive in comparison to all the tourist traps you could get sucked into in the Old City.
5	This cozy cafe at the corner of St. Paul and St. Pierre is absolutely wonderful and always pushing great food! The menu is simple, but each item is detailed to perfection, giving your taste buds one hell of a trip. The atmosphere is busy, loud, and fun. The service is attentive and helpful. The presentation of the food, as well as the chef's making the food, is visually appetizing and great. As a corner cafe with tons of windows and a packed interior, Olive et Gourmando makes for great people watching too! My recommendations would be the Cajun Chicken and the Cuban (most popular) sandwiches! They're fantastic. I can't wait to come back and test out more of what they have to offer. Everything looks absolutely delectable. Go, go, go! NOW! Seriously though... go.
5	I don't often give five stars, but can't recommend this place enough!  Their egg-cheese-bacon sandwich was out of this world, and the croissants were to die for.  I lived in Paris for 5 years, and can tell you these croissants were as good as they come.  Nice little cafe, wish they had been open Sunday too!
4	This cafe is such a little gem in an otherwise tourist-laden area of the city. The sandwiches are delicious and they offer many house made drink specials like fresh limeade or lemonade and they have plenty of options for vegetarians as well.Be sure to get a baked good treat for the walk home!
4	Olive & Gourmando was a must-stop on my Montreal itinerary. They are closed Sundays & Mondays, so I forced my group to stop by for a quick bite. Everyone was grumpy from walking around all day.The pastries looked amazing - all glazed and sugared up! We didn't eat any real food, but I saw some sandwiches/soups that nearby tables got and they looked very healthy and hearty! For the 4 of us, I chose a blueberry pastry and the famed almond croissant. Unfortunately, they ran out of the chocolate brioche :( Both pastries were unbelievably buttery, flaky, and delicious! We ordered an extra almond croissant for the road.  Nobody was grumpy anymore!O&G's decor was homey and cozy - would love a place like this back in the city!
5	Awesome sandwiches and pastries.
5	This was my favorite spot in Montreal.  The food was phenomenal yet not pricey.  Perfect for breakfast or lunch.  The chicken-avocado-mango sandwich.  Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  Go!  You will not be disappointed.
4	I don't think anyone needs me to tell them what to think of Olive et Gourmando. This is a Montreal institution and definitely worth a visit. One of my favorite cafes, in fact, because of the quality of the food. But its success is its weak spot. It gets rather chaotic and crowded - so not a place where you can usually enjoy a beverage or a snack in tranquility. They have servers who bring your food and drinks, but they make everyone crowd around the cashier to order and then you have to queue up a second time to pay after eating. (Why?) Some of the pleasure of visiting is lost by the whole "process" you have to go through.
5	This place is top- notch. We thought it looked cute when we passed by one evening after it closed, so we decided to check it out for lunch. I'm so glad we did. It was probably the most memorable lunch of the trip. I liked that they ran out of the salad we wanted to order because they make everything fresh. It's a restaurant that takes pride in its quality, even if that means they can only make a small quantity of some items. The house charcuterie plate is fabulous. Can't recommend enough.
5	Stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly surprised. A long line outside, locals and tourists. Put our name in and waited about 15 minutes for a table around noon. We ordered a Cuban and another panini with asparagus, pesto, cheese, and capicollo (can't remember the name). Both were amazing! Definitely recommend them. We also had the raspberry lemonade and ginger tea, which were refreshing. The staff was very friendly. Everyone from the hostess to the cashier at the end.Wish we would have discovered it earlier on our trip as we would have loved to try a pastry for breakfast. If we ever make it back to Montreal, we will definitely come back here.
5	LOVEEEED this place! No wonder there are so many reviews and so many positive 5 stars. We came here on a Saturday afternoon during our stay in Montreal and came back on our last day before the airport because it was just that good. On Saturday afternoon it was packed, with locals, tourists, you name it, so we had to wait like a half an hour to get a table, but it was definitely worth it. The second time we came was on a Wednesday around the same time and the wait was only 15 minutes so it really depends, but expect to wait a little. Now, onto the food, it was superb, the Cuban sandwich, toasted, warm, gooey, a lil spicy, was oh em gee delicious. Now onto the pastries, we had both the almond croissant and the tangy blueberry tart, and they were both spectacular, I felt like I got them from the streets of Paris, they were just that good. The next day we came back and tried the Cajun chicken sandwich and the goat cheese, caramelized onion with spicy ketchup one, and once again, filled with soo much flavor. I don't think you can go wrong with any item on the menu, from the drinks, sandwiches, pastries, all are top notch. The atmosphere is buzzing as well, making it much more enjoyable and fun. We loved it here and def. recommend it for all the foodies.
5	I was recommended to this place by the concierge at the Hyatt Regency.   She said that it was not a very far walk from the hotel.   For a Los Angeles native that drives everywhere, she was wrong.  It was a very long walk.  The July weather was hot and humid in the morning.   I built up a very nice sweat going there.   I ordered a couple of croissants, a fruity bread, and a Latte.  I then started my hike back to the hotel.  I gave up.  I caught a taxi.  $8 later, I was back at the hotel.   All the breads were good.  The latte came in a small cup.   I needed more of a caffeine fix, so I had to buy another cup of coffee from somewhere else.  A nice little gem in Montreal.
5	Best lunch we've had in Montreal!  Their Cajun chicken sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've EVER had.  It's definitely big enough to share (although you may not want to...). They've got a butterscotch and pecan bar that's phenomenal. My wife loved her almond croissant.
5	fantastic! i read some great reviews on here and decided to go for breakfast. we didn't have to wait at all to get seated, and the service was really nice. you have to order your own food at a counter, which they deliver to you. i ordered the brioche with cheesecake and raspberry swirls and the turtle bar. both were equally delicious.the decor in the place was quirky and fun, and the atmosphere was relaxed. the open windows allow for you to stare out onto the streets while you eat your food (not that i do that...) and sitting at the communal tables lets you listen in on other people's conversations (not that i do that either).all in all, an awesome place to eat. definitely going there again.
4	This place was absolutely packed on Saturday afternoon. My traveling companion and I had somewhere to be within an hour so we decided to get something from the to go counter at Olive et Gourmando. After spending 10 minutes trying to translate the menu we discovered that the woman behind the counter spoke very good English. Once translated everything sounded delicious, but I settled on the ricotta and bread, especially after hearing that their bread was baked in house.  We took our food back to Le Petite Hotel*  and I savored every last bite of this ricotta goodness. Soooo delicious! My traveling companion seemed just as happy with her salad.Unfortunately, my stay in Montreal was pretty short or I would have tried to squeeze in one more meal at Olive et Gourmando.http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-petit-hotel-montr%C3%A9al-2
5	Ooo la la!  Cet endroit est incroyable!  Okay, so I used Google Translator for that French.  Not sure if it appropriately translated, so this is what I wrote..."Ooo la la!  This place is incredible!"We had heard about it from folks we met in Toronto.  When we were walking around Old Town in Montreal, we weren't looking for it...but we stumbled onto it.  Glad we did!  The line was very long, so we decided to come back mid-afternoon.  Good choice, even though there was still a line...it was much shorter.  The wait was worth every minute!We had delicious sandwich and one of the best salads (unusual combo) ever.  Of course, on the way out the door we bought a few baked goodies.This place was one of the top 3 places we ate at during our two week trip.  Great food and fun, energetic atmosphere!Enjoy!
4	We stopped here for a mid-afternoon snack and got espresso and various sweets.  The espresso was full and strong, the way I like it.  I had the turtle bar, which was a decadent calorie bomb made of shortbread, salted caramel, and chocolate ganache.  Freaking amazing.  My mouth just filled with saliva thinking about it.  My friend got this shortcake thing with whipped cream and fresh blueberries, which was also really good and not that heavy or sweet (opposite of my dessert), so there's a dessert here for everyone.  They also have sandwiches and savory snacks for a nice lunch.TIP:  They are closed Sundays and Mondays!!
4	With so much pastry, fine dining, and Canadian comfort food to be sampled on our brief visit to Montreal 'breakfasts' as a proper sit-down entity were still not to be overlooked (much to my family's dismay and with a schedule heavy on museums, churches, and hockey along with the food mornings would be early - and thankfully so would be the opening times of each of the three breakfast spots we decided to try.Beginning first with perhaps the most oft raved breakfast in the city we almost ended up taking a pass on Olive + Gourmando because the traffic and parking on the tight streets of the busy business district is nothing short of a nightmare during the morning rush - but thankfully, as fate would have it a spot opened up on our third trip around the block and with streets uneven and crowd bustling we made our way into the small store and restaurant only a few minutes later than anticipated.Owned and operated by Dyan Solomon and Eric Girard Olive + Gourmando reminds one much of Panera as you walk in - a few dry goods and baked items up front along with the local paper plus a busy kitchen in back, but with communal tables consistently packed as people vie for space and the air rife with notes of coffee, butter, and vanilla there is clearly more than "quick casual" at play - specifically the use of all natural, organic, and high quality local ingredients in each of the restaurant's creations; items I was left to select for the group as my mother and aunt attempted (successfully) to procure seating.Utilizing both the pastry counter, kitchen, and servers to facilitate service the modus operandi at O+G is to order at the pastry counter, find a seat, and wait for the items to arrive - a successful approach even despite my over-ordering that led to an impressive pile of food arriving perhaps 10 minutes later - each item warmed or hot and from the coffee to the sandwich to each of our four baked goods everything looked fantastic despite the simple style of preparation on brown paper in wooden baskets.Beginning first with the coffee - mostly espresso but also offering an Americano I eschewed my traditional ordering and went with a double based on the recommendation of the barista that the beans taste best without the added water and with the roast very low in acidity I had to agree, particularly given the smoky top notes and mellow caramel tones underneath - no sugar was added and none was needed.Moving next to the pastries, a quartet was selected and attempting to make selections that would appease all I ran the gamut of flavors from fruit to chocolate and light to heavy beginning first with two spirals of brioche; one Raspberry Cheesecake, the other Valrhona Chocolate, and both exemplary.  Beginning first with the eggy bread - crisp on the shell with a wispy and rich pull-apart within and lightly kissed with an egg wash before its trip to the oven both curls were rife with their respective ingredients and as much as I love Valrhona dark it was the cheesecake that impressed most - a rich balance of the cream cheese's smoothness with sweet pureed raspberries complete with seeds.Moving on to the measuring stick, an oblong almond croissant, I found myself somewhat less impressed than I had expected largely due to the texture produced by such a tightly wound crumb.  Certainly tinged with almond and packed with butter this simply was not the texture I would expect for a croissant - more like a breadstick in its lack of an air-pocketed leavened crumb.  Good, but not on par with the rest of the choices, including the Chausson Aux Pommes sharing its basket.  Translated literally as 'slipper of apples' it would be hard for me to find something more comforting than this hand-pie and no matter what language the crispy golden shell and dense core of pan cooked cinnamon apples was lovely - the only thing that would have made it better was ice, or perhaps whipped, cream.For our final choice, the only kitchen item that screamed 'must order' we received the "Poached Egg on Your Face Sandwich" - a pressed panini made with house ciabatta filled with sauteed onions, a thick curl of aged Comte, confit tomatoes, griddled speck, and 'cooked egg salad.'  Hitting on pretty much all of the savory notes with the caramelized onions and bright tomatoes acting to cut the fat just a bit the most intriguing aspect of this dish to me was the 'salad' - a texture somewhere between rough chopped hardboiled eggs and a lightly poached egg but very interesting on the tongue.  A great meal from first sip to last bite with only a slightly disappointing almond croissant to mar the experience I definitely understand the hype around Olive + Gourmando and compared to our other Montreal Breakfasts it is the only one to which I'd return.
5	Very good cafe. We had to wait about 30 minutes on Saturday, so prepare yourself for a wait. We walked by this place on Friday and could have gotten in right away. You can also just walk to the pastry counter for a quick purchase. We did that while waiting and the almond croissant was the best. I had Le cubain, which was very tasty. The bread was crunchy yet soft. GF had provenciale with tuna which is served cold. Even though it was cold, it was also tasty.
5	Absolutely loved this spot for brunch! Coming from NYC, I never thought I can love brunch places more than in NYC, but this place did it!Amazing vibe, beautiful crowd, great service, awesome food! And in the prettiest street corner!
5	The granola and yogurt is a great breakfast option. Perfect cappuccino and if you're feeling indulgent, try the chocolate brioche!
5	Best lunch EVER! The grilled goat cheese and cartelized onion sandwich and roasted beet salad with nuts and watercress were to die for! Again, best lunch ever!
4	While this looks like a total tourist trap (with tourists overflowing onto the sidewalk), it also had a lot of locals.  It was worth the wait and provided a super yummy, filling lunch.  All of their salads looked great, and my friend loved her's and the soup (and she's QUITE picky).  I had the goat cheese with caramelized onions.  Bought a couple of pastry to have for breakfast the next day.  How to order/pay was a bit confusing, but other than that it was a very satisfying experience!
5	This place rocks. It's a small space and absolutely packed at lunch, so be prepared for a wait. My party of four had to wait about 20 minutes for a table at noon on a Friday. By the time we paid and left though it had calmed down considerably.I really like how they separate the ordering process. You first go to the back to check the menu, see the salads and ask about the day's specials. After you've ordered, you take your seat and servers will bring out your food. Once you're done, they'll ask about coffee and desserts. All in all it's fast, efficient and doesn't force you to decide everything at once.All of the servers are friendly and nice, the hostess especially. It's moderately priced for lunch, around $11 for sandwiches and $3-4 for desserts, but the portions are huge and everything is fresh and delicious.
5	Such a lovely place! It felt quite SoHo - and in another context I might say that sneeringly. Here, it means the cafe is on a corner in clean, pristine Old Montreal, surrounded by cast-iron-style architecture, open cobblestone alleyways, and horse-drawn carriages passing by the window every minute. (Horses in Manhattan's SoHo would go on a mad killing spree after 5 minutes, but you get the idea)Olive + Gourmando was PACKED for lunch on an early weekday afternoon. It felt a bit touristy but also had its share of locals (e.g. people on laptops).  The location is walking distance from the touristiest (!) part of town, by the Notre Dame Basilica.The ordering process is a little funny. The hostess gives you a blank memo paper with your table #. Go up to the cafe counter or sandwich counter, give them your slip, and place your order. They keep the slip, food is brought to your table, and you can order more at any time by telling them your table #. When you go up to pay, they will already have your complete bill.  The lunch menu is small, with 4 cold/4 hot sandwiches plus soup/salad. There are pegs on the chalkboard to hang signs indicating which are sold out - but they replenish frequently. Our hostess spoke English natively, but the menu is in French. But if you can read English you can easily figure it out (thanks for being 30% French-origin, English Language!)I was so happy to find that not only is this place adorable, the food is da bomb (technical term).  My smoked fish sandwich (a cold option, $10) was packed with shredded smoked trout and slightly sinful with a slab of herbed cream cheese. The centimeter-thick layer of spinach was not overwhelming in the least. The salty trout was balanced out by capers, which I normally dislike but were fabulous here mixed in with sun-dried tomatoes.The Cuban (hot option, $11) was nothing short of amazing - pressed very thin with pancetta instead of ham, and served very hot, with plenty of pickle that imbued just the right tartness to combat all that cheese. Ever had a great Cuban? You won't even know that you WANT MORE delicate pickly tartness til you've had O+G's version.  Mmmmm. Both sandwiches came promptly, which surprised me because the restaurant was so busy. The espresso ($3.25) was fine, nothing spectacular. We also had an apple turnover ($3.75) that was fresh but really not on the adventurous side on either our part or O+G's.  It seems their regular drip coffee is good, since many, many, people came in to order coffee to go.If you're looking for a hectic but lovely luncheon or cafe visit with plenty of Montrealaise flair, try Olive et Gourmando! If you don't care for the hectic part, come well after the lunchtime rush. The food will still be fabulous.
5	OG is the original gangsta when it comes to tasty sandwiches.  I think they own the meat & bread racket in town.  And I'm happy they do.The "panini pomme" that parted my lips began a short-lived love affair with my mouth too torrid to recant in delicious detail on these all-ages pages.  Ham, roasted garlic aioli, walnut butter, smoked Prince Edward Island cheddar finished with mandolin-thin slices of Quebec apples  Suffice to say it was "sex in mouth" as a friend put not-so-delicately.And this was the backup option pointed out to me on the sandwich menu, above left of the deli case at back, after the highly touted cubain was sold out at 4pm the rainy afternoon of my visit.  The shop was quiet; Only two of ten or so tables occupied.  The crew were prepping a quick surprise b-day celebratory break to sing & present a candle-lit cake to a co-worker as I made my way in.  Lighting inside was set on romance level lending appearance of being closed from the outside window.  Staff will seat you if you're staying (and it's so cozy you'll want to), but all sandwiches and viennoiserie (baked pastries) are available for take-away.  Cash, credit ($10 minimum), and debit card ($5 min.) are all accepted.  Sandwiches are between $10-$11, fairly sized and quality-wise unbeatable.There's no doubt I'll be back for another tasty tryst with these sandwich slingers.
5	The chocolate croissants melt in your mouth and your coffee. Excellent decor. Great staff. Welcoming atmosphere. If your in the old city it's the best way to start your day or to spend a leisurely brunch.
3	I got an Everything Cookie and an almond croissant - the baked goods were certainly good, but I'm not sure I would brave the line and crowds to eat in. I got my food to go - which, coincidentally, was a little expensive relative to the rest of Montreal. The Everything Cookie contained walnuts, oats, chocolate and candied ginger. The almond croissant was more chewy and moist than flaky, but still very good.
5	Chocolate Croissant is amazing
4	very good bakery and sandwiches, very nice place. service was ok.
4	This review is long overdue. Came here on the last day of my conference to grab lunch and found an incredibly long line with tons of people inside the little space. But I had time on my hands, so I went to the back of the line and waited for my turn. Lots of delicious looking treats on display. I got some sort of a chicken sandwich and a brioche. The sandwich was flavorful but rather greasy and a bit messy to eat. The brioche unfortunately I wasn't able to get to until the next day and got a bit dry, but overall good flavors.
4	Food is DELICIOUS here!! well worth the wait.   Have passed by this place several times and its always packed. Went here w a few friends- a great lively place to hang out w friends and enjoy good food and ambiance.
5	This review is from memory, so it's vague, but I had the best organic sandwich and tea at this place.  You can taste the ingredients in the food and it is oh so delicious.  I was convinced I had found the new culinary center of the world without jumping on a plane. love it!
1	Tasty food, but awful service.The servers were rude, snobbish and generally couldn't muster a smile between them. Having a bad day? Then leave your problems at the door because you're at work now and guess what... you work in the service industry. I'll never set foot in this place again.
5	I LOVE O & G. So much in fact, that I wouldn't mind moving in. Yes, it's THAT good. So first thing's first; do not expect to arrive and saunter in to the table of your choice because that's not going to happen. O & G is packed all the time, and there is almost always a line-up to get in. That said, I usually go for breaky or lunch, so it's possible that late afternoons is quieter but don't count on it. Everything is made fresh, daily, from the salads to the baked goods, to the amazing ginger-lemon iced tea (they really need to offer this in a larger size!). They make a mean latte, and also offer wine (I think it's organic, but I'm not sure). As well, you can buy some of their spicy nuts and jams. The service is OK but not great. It can be very slow and the wait staff don't always think to come and check in once you've been seated so if you're in dire need of coffee, order while you're in line and you can get your fix while waiting for a table. My favorites include:#24 salad - made with raw veggies, roasted peanuts, shallots, tofu, basil, cilantro and mint, served on rice noodles and accompanied by a lovely sweet and sour dressing. Now, the last time I was there I could swear the noodles were buckwheat but I could be making that up in my head.  Anyway, this salad is fresh and incredibly flavourful and leaves your belly feeling just right (read: room for dessert). The Gustavo - holy mother of God, this is good. Garlic grain-fed chicken, grilled onions, balsamic marinated portobello mushrooms, Havarti cheese and maple dijonnaise sauce. Wow. This sandwich can be pretty filling so you may have to take that dessert to go.  Cajun Chicken sandwich - this one is also made with grain-fed chicken and includes guacamole, cajun spices, tomatoes and mango. Equally as delicious as The Gustavo, but packs less of a punch (which is not a bad thing!). I'll eat anything with avocado so this sandwich makes me feel all happy on the inside. Sadly, since i have been tasked with avoiding wheat recently, I opted for the Viva Las Vegan sandwich on my last visit (a great option for all you vegetarians and vegans out there). I loved this one and felt pretty stuffed by the time I was finished. It's got marinated tofu, dill pickles, hummus, caramelized onions, crushed olives, arugula and is served on organic bread. By the way - their breads are like a taste of Heaven, so fluffy and thick. Of course, I ate everything BUT the bread but we don't need to talk about that.If you're a fan of chocolate like me, try their 'Extraordinary Brownie'  or 'The Attack of the Killer Chocolate' cookie (triple chocolate, people!). Both are incredible and will satisfy any chocoholic. Now, GO!
4	VIBE O+G hits all of the marks - great local Montreal vibe with both English and French Montreal chowing down. Go to your table, then go to the counter, get what they have (they don't really make substitutions either) et voila! It is very busy here. PS they have a lovely chandelier in the middle. I ATEI had the truffled mac and cheese with mushrooms and a hardened crust on top. Bestill my heart. They evened out the fattiness of that dish with a side salad. Wish I could have gotten a soup. Dining partners had soups and sandwiches and vegetarian chili. Croissants transport you back to France. The desserts? Like their chocolate tart with a crispy, crunch bottom? Oh mon dieu! OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK Definitely one of those lunch/brunch places you travel to and return to again and again. Le sigh. Pricey but worth it.
5	If you don't get here during the busy hours, you'll enjoy your experience a lot more. But above all, if you love good food, are looking for somewhere that is a sure thing visiting Montreal, or need an amazing date spot or just want to put something super rich and tasty in your face, go here. There's not a lot of waiting area and waiting in the freezing cold kinda sucks. Also, earlier is better than later as they ran out of their hot sandwiches the day we stopped by.All that said, this place is a gem among gems. The desserts and hot chocolates are made with Valrhona chocolates. The truffle mac and cheese had mushrooms and was the best I'd ever had, and I've had a lot of these! Oddly enough, the addition of actual mushrooms seems to really bridge the rational of putting the truffle flavor in the mac and cheese and isn't so overwhelming. Also, they serve it in an iron skillet, so there's crunchy cheese!The cafe is the perfect level of busy. The tables are really small so sharing is a really good idea. The espressos are perfectly poured. The few pastries they have (okay there's like 20) are phenomenally perfect in their simpleness, like they picked the best things they could make and that's what you get, no complaints there! Get the chocolate brioche if you like dark chocolate.I can't wait to return to Montreal and Olive et Gourmando!
5	Reminds me of my fav place in Connecticut, Caseus. It has casual and relaxing yet hip atmosphere. It gets very crowded though so beware. I had an amazingly good truffle mac and cheese which came with a green salad with toasted sliced almonds. I got a chocolate chip cookies with pecans to go and it was very good.
4	We ate a breakfast and lunch here. The food is very good. I had the mushroom soup and a panini and it was tasty. It was a little too much food. The cafe latte and croissants were great. I would definitely stop here again. It is very busy on the weekends, but the wait was worth it.
5	Who cares if it's swimming with people, you can't do much better than this place for lunch. Once they seat you, go to the counter in back, review the menu on the chalkboards above, and place your order which they'll deliver to you at table. They are amazingly cheerful about explaining this, even though they must repeat it hundreds of times every day. The casual atmosphere and excellent food make for a fantastic vibe.And the food is terrific. I had the Cubano sandwich, a crispy Panini with pork, ham, cheese, and one of the most delicious sauces I've ever had on a Cuban sandwich - something like a super-savory artichoke sauce with just the right amount of chili pepper. But what made me even happier was the side salad. Perfectly dressed and seasoned, it had sliver-thin slices of sweet red onion and the best mix of greens I've had almost anywhere - lettuces and other salad greens, but also baby winter greens like kale, and a good amount of herbs - parsley, tarragon, who knows what else. Every side salad I have will be measured against the heaven that they make here.The baked goods are excellent, too. This time, brought home a brownie (it's somehow light and dense at the same time - as though the batter was baked just long enough to hold it together) and a chocolate chip cookie (very good, buttery, crisp).When you're done eating, just go to the register and tell them your table number. There's a dish for tips next to the register, and the staff splits them. It all works very smoothly.It's hard not to feel like you're at the center of things when you eat here. I'll definitely be returning at least once more this trip.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, a nice choice of lunch sandwiches, not too many so it won't take forever to choose. Raspberry Soda is delicious.
5	We were walking around old Montreal just past lunch time and our group was getting hungry. We just happened to be a few blocks away from O et G and I had heard great things about the place.It's basically a sandwich, salad, coffee and pastry kind of place. There is a good bit of in and out traffic here, but we were seated immediately by one of the servers. The group ordered the following sandwiches: crab and shrimp, Cajun chicken, Cuban and vegan (with tofu). Every sandwich was better than the next. The crab and shrimp was light and very fresh tasting, while the Cajun was just the right spice with some fresh mango on it, which was a delicious surprise. I am not a big pastry fan, but they were all great (blueberry tart, caramel bar and pecan chocolate cookie) and the expresso was strong. Who could ask for anything more?O et G is a great place to stop whenever walking around in Old Montreal and I will definitely return.
5	Read about this place in the Chicago Guide magazine and decided we must come to Montreal and try this place and so here we are! OMG... Best sandwich ever (ok..there is Ike's in San Francisco that is a Best as well, but different) .. I don't even think we should call it a sandwich... Panini... it sounds better .... this place serves the most out of the world Panini... the Cuban is the best... ok, we loved the Cajun chicken as well.. (and I don't normally go out of my way for sandwiches) Not sure the spread they use but it is delicious.... of course we had to try their croissant... it's on the smaller side, but I like it because it is not filled with tons of butter! The exterior is perfectly crusty, and the interior is soft. It's probably the first time I had a croissant and not feel heavy. We came at 11 and that seems to be the perfect time. Anything after 11:15, you will probably stand in the line.
4	A fun, quirky spot in the old town.  A delicious sandwich menu, but my favorite is the  baked truffle mac and cheese.A fun spot to grab a coffee and a bite while sight-seeing.
5	I wish there was a coffee shop like this in every town in every city. This is the model of a perfect cafe: good food, good homemade fresh pastries (almond croissants I LOVE! Cheese ones were also great) and superb coffee. The atmosphere is perfect. Old Montreal in an historic building, the windows, the people, the sounds. It's just so awesome.I went here while on a trip to Montreal to do my final consulate interview for my US immigration. It was awesome because the paperwork came in really quick, and they actually took the time to email me with an update that stuff was approved and being processed. To thank them I sent them a nice message (through the special secure website form - you can't email or call them without giving your case number see and going through all the hoops and such) and I told them to check out this cafe. I'm told the US government will review my helpful tip in 4-6 weeks :P
4	Delicious, try the brioche pecan, uhm, the chocolate one is also good. The coffee is good too coming  Mirage espresso machine. The environment is very nice. I would go back every time I visit Montreal.
4	Having heard about this place from several different sources it was a must on the list for our recent Montreal visit.  Unfortunately, we were only in the fine city for 3 full days and I had a long list of musts.  I was familiar with the general location of the restaurant but hadn't pinpointed the exact location when we came upon it by chance while wandering around the neighborhood.We already had lunch plans for the day but because my feet and my nose wouldn't let me walk past without going in, we decided to get some pastries for later.  One step inside and I knew that no matter how packed our culinary itinerary was - we would be back!The first visit we took away a chocolate croissant and perhaps one of the best bites from our entire trip - a turtle bar.  The shortbread was amazing and it was topped with a very rich chocolate ganache.  It really was once of the best sweet bites in a trip filled with so many!I managed to talk my husband into coming back for breakfast the morning we left Montreal for home...quite the feat since he had one thing on his mind: the 9 hour drive.  To which I said that meant we needed a very special breakfast to fuel the ride home.  In the end, I won out but just barely, especially when a parking snafu would have no doubt resulted in a  ticket (parking signs in French  - gotta love them).  The place is so popular that there wasn't a (legal) place to park within 2 blocks.  The weekend morning was a busy mess.  A hostess kindly explained the procedure while hubby dashed out to move the car.  I was assigned a table, given a card that I should take to the pastry counter to order, and found myself in the midst of a loud group of tourists, regulars, and one very unhappy little girl who protested quite loudly that she wanted out of the clutches of her daddy's arms.  Wondering if I had made a mistake by dragging hubby here rather than grabbing a bite to eat at many of the places closer to our hotel I ordered a juice, coffee, almond croissant and the deliciously sounding 'egg on your face' panini.  I returned to my assigned table, was given a bottle of water and then shortly our coffee and juice arrived.  I began to settle down a bit as I surveyed the yummy looking food being enjoyed at the tables around me and knew that what was to follow would be worth the headache of parking and slight delay in getting on the road.  I loved the drawings on the chalkboard and found it curious to read that one Saturday in June  of 1998 only 3 customers were served all day long.  What a stark contrast that was to the bustle of this Saturday morning where there was a constant line out the door!    While I was happy for their success, I secretly thought to myself that perhaps a happy medium between 3 customers and the hundreds (literally) that would overrun the peaceful dining area would be nice.    I was pleased when the panini and croissant arrived.  We shared both and had a happy little breakfast.  The panini was a good size and the bread was toasted perfectly.  The prosciutto was of good quality and paired well with the poached egg salad.  Not a fan of runny egg yolk, I'm happy to report that the eggs were soft but not runny.  It was a very delicious sandwich.The set-up was odd to me in that we had to pay at the end of the meal by getting in the long line again, giving the cashier our table number and then being cashed out.  Perhaps it was a system that worked better when not so crowded.  Or, as my husband stated, perhaps it was to tempt you one last time with the delicious pastries while waiting in line.  If it was the ladder, it certainly did its trick with me as I couldn't help but order a chocolate croissant for the road (sadly, none of the cookies or that amazing turtle bar were available at the time).If you are in Montreal, you must stop, even if only for a sweet bite to eat.  Oh, and if you can possibly walk over, I'd strongly suggest that as well!!  Happy noshing.
1	While there were many good reviews, I found my experience to be lacking, if not slightly comical.  For me the confusion lied with the line to pay the bill. This line consisted of people buying food from the bakery and people waiting to pay for their meals. There were two women taking money, one was the cashier and the other presumably baking and dealing with payment at the same time. The people in front of me were being helped by one cashier so I moved to the next one. This is where the stereotypical French/English Canadian culture clash began. The malevolent little baker yelled at me to get to the end of the line. A little confused I returned to my spot in line. She then yelled at me a second time, 'sir these men have paid!', pointing at the men behind me in line. 'They've paid?' I repeated, totally confused. 'Yes, they paid!' She yelled, clearly losing any patience she had with an ignorant line cutting anglophone. I looked at the man behind me who was as confused as I was. I looked at her with what I can only assume was a stupid look on my face and said 'sooo...'. She mockingly made a stupid face back at me and just stared at me. It began to dawn on me that she meant that the men had YET to pay. The man behind me told her that I had been in front of him the whole time. To which she responded that I could stay in line if the man behind me said it was alright. For some odd reason I felt the urge to apologize to the man behind me. He laughed and said her behaviour was unbelievable. I finally was afforded the privilege to pay her and she threw the change in to my hand without looking at me. I exited onto the street somewhat baffled and embarrassed. The food was good if not a little pricey, but not good enough to be treated in such a manner.
5	Excellent spot for lunch. VERY crowded on a summer Saturday, and the staff didn't have the best handle on the commotion. But the sandwiches, coffee, and baked items are awesome. Also dig the interior and decor, very nice design sense. Old Montreal has a serious lack of good coffee stops, which is a shame. The fact this place is an oasis is probably why it's so busy.
4	This place has a bit of a reputation. There was a long line to get a table -- we waited about 40 minutes, then another line to order, and another line to pay our bill, heck even a line to go to the bathroom... and yes, after all that I can still say it was worth it. The food, especially the sandwiches are out of this world, with special kudos to The Cuban. The breads, excellent, the pastries, not so much.They also serve a rose from Corsica that was amazing. The staff were exceptional considering the difficult crazy busy & crowed conditions when we were there, with special props to the girl who manages the waiting list.I'd try and go at off hours on an off day, but I definitely would go!
5	I had an excellent salad here while exploring Montreal. The system for ordering/eating in was a bit new to me, but everything worked well, and the service was friendly and helpful. Very cute interior. Vegan sandwich option on the menu was a plus for me. The selection of baked goods, granola, and seasoned nuts to-go was extensive, and everything looked great. I'll definitely try these next time.
4	Awesome sandwiches and lunches. Not good for your diet because a bit  heavy but always a good treat.
3	5 star food with 2 star service - the system for placing/paying for orders makes no sense (you can see other reviews if you don't believe me). I try to avoid it by just getting takeaway, and going to the nearby park if the weather is good.The coffee is actually really good - it's a nice surprise to find deep in the Old Port (a very touristy area).The scrolls they have (raspberry cheesecake, maple and almond, etc) are fantastic, and the croissants they have are good too.Unfortunately, if you eat-in you have to deal with their strange ordering system. After waiting to be seated (which on the weekend is a loooong time - it's a popular place), you get given a piece of paper with your table number. You then need to take this piece of paper to the queue (where all take-out orders are placed too), and give your order. After you've gotten your food, and are ready to pay, you have to get back in the queue (behind all the take-out people) to make your payment. This all means you end up waiting in queue two or three times for the one meal - which just doesn't make sense to me. If I want to pay you, don't make it hard for me!
4	Love this little spot! Although very crowded, the breakfast sandwich and the cuban (a bit on the salty side for some people) are amazing! Homemade ricotta was super yummy also. Best to go during weekdays when it's not packed with people to enjoy some tea and a brioche.
5	Stopped by this little gem this past weekend.  Got a poached egg sandwich with all kinds of goodies -- chives, cheese, ham, sundried tomatoes and sriracha sauce.  This was an amazing sandwich.  It had a great blend of flavor, spice and gooeiness and surprisingly not as messy as you'd think.  Also went 'fat boy' and got an almond croissant.  Very flakey and not overly sweet which was great for me.There were two disappoints.  The place was very busy which I expected on a Saturday morning but they managed the traffic poorly.  It took us a while to figure out where the line for carry out orders started/ended and there were a lot of people there for dine in service that seemed to have a similar problem.  Overall though, the wait was quicker than I would have expected despite the initial confusion.  The other disappointment was the iced coffee...it was basically espresso over ice...had only one size which was a small and it didn't taste very good as it a was bitter.  I'm sure the hot coffee would is fine though as the coffee did smell amazing.But really, the food is worth it and it still gets a 5 stars from me.
4	Olive and Gourmando was recommended to me by *many* people before my vacation to Montreal. These people apparently know me well. The decor is right up my alley, a little Anthropologie store, a little cheeky, rustic, and with a hint of luxe. I read the Yelp reviews, so I knew the about the line system and that this place would crazy busy on weekends. We decided to come on a Tuesday to avoid the insanity and we devised a strategy to have breakfast and lunch, with only one trip. It worked perfectly. We were seated within about two minutes of arriving, we did not wait in the check out line to be seated. We each got a latte and a pastry. I had the chocolate brioche and the boyfriend had the banana nut "muffin." It was more like a loaf. The lattes were lovely, great flavor, the right amount of creaminess, but if I could do it again I would get a large, the small was smaller than I expected. The chocolate brioche was divine, though it was a lot of sugar for breakfast. I couldn't stop eating it though. I tried the boyfriend's muffin and it was also great, huge whole walnuts on top to add a nice crunch and nuttiness and the banana flavor was wonderful and it was quite moist. We decided to take sandwiches to go since we were bike sharing to Parc Jean-Drapeau afterwords and had heard such wonderful things about the sandwiches. We asked our server how best to order, since we no longer had a paper with our table number on it. He asked us which ones we wanted and took care of it for us. I got the eggplant and mozzarella one and the boyfriend got the Cuban. They were both delicious, even over an hour later and having been strapped into the front of a Bixi. I will say that mine was great, but his was better. I'm delighted we got to do both the pastries and sandwiches, it was well worth it!
4	Came here to sit down and get lunch but ended up just ordering and eating at a local park with the ladyAtmosphere:- Bustling sandwich place that is very popular- You can sit down (35min wait at 1:15 on a Tuesday) or go to the back and order a sandwichService: - No complaintsFood:- Lady got the L'Antipasto which was amazing.  Eggplant on there with the moz cheese and basil really made for a creative and interesting sandwich.  I was having a bit of sandwich envy on this one.- I got the Cuban which was a little heavy but very tasty (heavy on the mayo).  Her sandwich definitely takes the price for creative and delicious- Salads looked very tasty and creativeOther:- Prices are a little high, but this is the old port - Not open on Sundays or Mondays- Want to go back to try some of the other sandwiches- They do not sell brand name drinks (coke, etc)
5	In the heart of Old Port. This is a gem!! I think this is my favorite place in Montreal, maybe because I loved my sandwich. I had the On Your Face panini sandwich, which was spicy poached egg. SOOO full of flavor. The green tea was also very fresh and tasty, wish they gave it in a bigger glass. Only thing I wasn't a fan of is the set up of the place. Wait in line to get seated, once seated, go wait in line to order, and when you're done eating gotta wait in line to pay. Very inefficient but still loved the food.
4	Got sandwiches to go. Had the chicken sandwich. It was excellent with chicken, guacamole, tomato and mango on wonderful bread. Took them to the park for a picnic. Line was very long for tables but moved smoothly to order food and to pay.
4	I could tell that this place was extremely popular, as there was a lengthy line waiting outside the restaurant when we arrived, and also when we left (over an hour later). Also, my foodie relatives love this place, so I knew it was going to be good. And it was.We were there for breakfast, so we didn't have their famous sandwiches, but their bakery items were fabulous. Perfect croissants (regular and almond), wonderful (and big!) muffins, fresh scones. The coffees were also excellent. As we left, they were putting out their lunch pastries: unbelievably gorgeous cupcakes and cookies and brownies. All looked amazing. The restaurant interior is really welcoming, with long, warm wooden tables, comfy wooden chairs, wide open big windows (in the summer), chalkboard-covered columns by the entryway with menus and cartoons drawn on it, funky twig decorations hanging over the tables..... The whole place reminded me of some funky, hip hang-outs I used to frequent in my McGill days (in the early '80s). I guess you'd call it a post-hippie kind of vibe. I liked it.What I wasn't so keen on was the whole system of ordering and paying. When the place is crowded (which, I gather, it often is - especially on weekends), it just doesn't make sense to have such a chaotic, inefficient system for diners to order and pay. So many queues, so much waiting, so little room in which to wait. Some older relatives asked me afterwards if they'd like this restaurant and if they should go here, and I had to say no: they'd love the food, but they couldn't handle the process to get their table and order their food and pay. For this reason alone, I think this restaurant is geared more for a younger crowd who can tolerate the wait and chaos.
4	I was too full to eat a sandwich, which made me quite sad because I had read so many rave reviews about the Poached Egg sandwich and the Cuban. I had to limit myself to the Elixir and an almond croissant. The Elixir was light and refreshing but packed lots of flavor. It's a drink that you sip on, due to the tangy ginger. I've had many bad ginger drinks lately and am relieved that I finally found one that did it justice. The almond croissant wasn't impressive...it probably would have been better if they served it toasted. I've had much better ones in SF. Much, much better. However, I loved the ambiance here and even chatted with a stranger across the table.The only downfall here was that 2 of the staff gave me some attitude for not knowing I had to get a table first before ordering. Some patience and a smile for an out-of-towner would have been nice.
5	So yummy! The BREAD...got a plane to catch and making this a priority destination stop for munchies later. The wait is super long but worth it. Good things come with patience.
4	It is crowded, noisy and worth it. I had the potato  chowder and hot cheese sandwich. They were both excellent. I refuse to call it grilled cheese because that doesn't do the sandwich justice. Go! Wait the line. You won't be sorry!
5	It was our favorite place for lunch, and breakfast during our stay in Montreal. I recommend getting the food to go, and going to old port to eat. The place gets pretty crowded, and wait is a bit long to sit inside. Everything here is great, but I highly recommend poached egg sandwich, chocolate brioche, cubain, smoked trout, and cajun chicken.
5	Simply amazing!  The wonderful vegan selection was delectable. The service and atmosphere were charming.
4	I would give this place a 5 for food and maybe a 2.5-3 for dining experience.  I have been here three times, and I think I might be done for awhile.I know it is really popular, and I expect to wait 45-60 minutes to get a table after putting your name in.  But, really, to then wait again in a line to order your food at the back counter?  That second wait was about 15-20 people deep, all crowding everyone else eating at tables.  When they bring you the yummy food, you are probably going to be crowded as well.  When you want to pay... guess what?  You get to wait in line at the front counter to do that.  Three waits seems excessive even for a really good Cuban sandwich and the world's most amazing raspberry lime-aid.  (Aside note: I have a rule that I don't drink calories except for alcohol, but I break it for this stuff.  Which is not to say I wouldn't put vodka in it if I could).  Also, while I think Montreal is generally rather expensive, $15 (before tax and tip) for one sandwich and drink is excessive for a cafe.  Add tax and tip, and you've got a $75-80 dollar lunch for four people.  Four drinks, four sandwiches only.  (Second aside note: it is not helpful that I just ate at a fantastic Italian place in Munich two weeks before... cocktails, bottle of wine, basil lemonade for the kiddos, salad, two pizzas and two pastas for 80 Euros, so the comparison is not great.)I accept the fact that perhaps I am old and the aforementioned is not a big deal to 20-somethings.  I don't think I need to come back unless it were a really nice day, and I ordered take-out to eat at one of the picnic areas on the river, which would be a far preferable dining experience.  (And only one line involved.)
4	This is a great place for lunch. I love the salads and sandwiches. I had the Cajun Chicken Sandwich, roasted grain-fed chicken breast rubbed with cajun spices, guacamole, fresh tomatoes, and mangoes. It was delicious. I also had their salad of the day, which was equally delicious. I wish I was in town longer because I heard the breakfast and pastries are great too. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here.  The food is fresh and creative. The decor is adorable. It's so warm and welcoming.  Add this place to your list.
5	This place is out of this world! Perfect for a quick breakfast and lunch and the cafe latte reminded me of Europe!Got to try the cubain and crab roll. The cubain was a more gourmet version than Im used to and the crab roll was light and delicious. The bread is too die for which is why we opted for the chocolate croissant to end our meal with. Would definitely come back!
5	This small cafe has the best sandwiches and cookies in town! All the waiters are very helpful and friendly and the atmosphere is cheerful.
4	Great lunch spot in old Montreal.  The radishes on my salad were picked from their garden out back, which I thought was pretty impressive.  My friends sandwich was OK, not great, but it was kind of their specialty item.  The Cuban I believe it was. The spicy chipotle type sauce kind of over drenched the sandwich in my opinion, which I hate.  My meal was good plus the overall atmosphere and decor of the place sway me into giving a 4.  That said, I used yelp to find the place so nothing new to report I guess.
4	Comme a l'habitude la nourriture est parfaite. Le sandwich au poulet cajun est excellent.
5	My wife and I have been here 3 or 4 times and have loved it each time.  My first impressions were that the food is overpriced, the wait is too long, and the place is too crowded.  That however was before I tasted the food.  In short, this place delivers every time.  Our last visit (Labor Day weekend 2013) was delightful as always.  In addition to the standards of the terrific sandwiches and salads, they had a cold cucumber and dill soup that was outstanding and epitomized the restaurant's commitment to flavor and freshness.  Also, the pastries are of course top notch and the staff members are very pleasant.  The only critique I have is for the coffee.  The long espressos I have ordered were a little sour and underwhelming.I am pretty sure this place is in all the American guidebooks b/c my friends who have visited Montreal have all gone here as well (independent of a recommendation from me) and most everyone we observe on the weekends appear to be tourists.  Nonetheless, my wife and I typically make OG the very first place we visit when we arrive in Montreal.As others have mentioned, not open on Sunday and Monday.
5	I give it a breakfast 5 stars, but . . . it is not for anyone looking for a typical breakfast. No omelets and waffles here. We loved our fresh yogurt, fruit and granola; the pastries are amazing; great coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. They did have a breakfast panini that included egg that looked really good. It's a fun place with a quick turn-around in Old Montreal.
5	Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. Everything is superb. The food quality, the preparation, the service. Everything is top notch. I love the "egg on your face" sandwich the most. Truly an elevated egg sandwich.
5	Wow the almond croissant!!!Cane back on Sunday to get some to go and they were closed.  Next time I will not be that eager and I will Yelp the closing times!!!
5	We went to the Concierge and asked for a recommendation - she was right when she told us to go here even if we had to wait. We also saw it on Yelp.....This is place was buzzing - we put our name on the list and waited 15 minutes. So glad we waited....we shared two dishes, a Cubain pork sandwich and a ricotta 'salty'. Both were 'to die for'....fresh, full of flavour, mouth watering.....and the coffees were the best in our two weeks in Canada. Indeed the coffee's were faultless!This is a restaurant that specialises in quality not quantity...it is a foodie experience and our first experience was so good we went back later for cheese and wine....and this visit was the equal if not better than the first.The atmosphere is alive, energising and warm... the servers are a pleasure to work with.This is true gem of discovery in a sea of mediocrity......a must do.
4	This tiny place is ALWAYS full, which  isn't a surprise : they make awesome sandwiches. They also make daily salads and soups which are aways yummy. If you deserve a treat, go for their somptuous brownie! Olive & Gourmando definitely isn't too good if you're on a diet, but still, it's always a good treat.
5	I really can't say more that hasn't already been said about this place. Staff is kind and informative, food is to die for, bread is crisp outside, soft inside, fresh fresh fresh. Do yourself a solid and go....please.
5	As an owner of a bakery cafe my wife and always look at other cafes for ideas and inspirations. When were blown away by the simple elegance of the gourmand. The food, drink and service was top notch from start to finish.  We also ate at some of the more "up scale" restaurants while in Montreal (XO, etc..) and we always found ourselves looking forward to our next meal at the gourmand. The love and energy always came through with everything we ate. This place is a MUST VISIT but come early if you want to have a selection
5	Excellent salad and sandwiches! Nicely surprised. They were out of our first choices when we went for lunch around 3pm (#24 salad and marinaded tofu sandwich), so we opted for the other vegetarian choices, autumn salad and vegan antipasto sandwich. Delicious! Loved the combination of whipped goat cheese, roasted beets& turnips, and arugula on my autumn salad. Sandwich was also very good. Will definitely come back to try other ones next time I'm in Montreal.
4	croissants were perfect,  delicious sandwiches,  really sparse menu,  had the Cuban and wife had the cajun chicken. great location,  hip,  quirky,  very pleasant service.
3	***If you're too lazy to read the entire review then just remember this... Saturdays are slammed therefore come early. Sundays are closed.***  Oh mon dieu this place is a zoo! Unless you're an early bird, you must be dreaming if you plan on rolling in here for weekend brunch and getting seated right away. Packed wall to wall, this tiny little restaurant was buzzing with hungry patrons waiting anxiously for a table. I can't be bothered to wait hours for food especially when I'm on vacation.Since I wanted to explore the city as much as possible, I opted to just get takeout. That line was much shorter and moved relatively fast. Bless those two beautiful young ladies behind the counter. They seemed to work well under pressure and managed with the overwhelming demand quite well.Unfortunately, my order didn't meet my expectations. I specifically requested 2 cheese croissants, yet I ended up with the plain kind. I don't believe it was the cashier's fault. The croissants she put in my bag had a tiny sprinkle of cheese on the tip of the crust. It was the insides that were lacking any cheesy filling. Looks like the pastry chef had an off day that morning. Whatever the reason, I wasn't very impressed. Luckily, the croissants were delicious and paired perfectly with their freshly squeezed OJ. However, I still have to deduct a few stars for not getting what I was expecting. I paid a premium price and received average product in return.All negative criticism aside, I would give O&G another chance to redeem themselves. There were plenty of other pastries to choose from at the takeaway counter. In addition, their coffee smelled great and the menu offers many tempting sandwich options. Since I'm not a local, I made the rookie mistake of coming in during peak hours. I shall definitely return on my next visit with hopes of having an experience worthy of a much better rating.
4	I stumbled upon (well more like bixied upon) Olive et Goumando on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Ok, stumbled upon is probably not the right wording either as I was planning on going to O&G but wasn't 100% sure where it was. But my sense of direction is still good as I found it perfectly!Anyways, the place was packed (as usual) and bustling with people.  I had already eaten lunch so just stopped by to try one of their baked goods. Had the almond croissant ($3.75 I believe) and took it to go. Nice and crunchy, sweet but not too sweet - perfect little snack to eat and enjoy while I sat and lounged by the waters in Vieux-Montreal.I have been before and the rest of their food is delicious!
5	First time to Montreal, and this was the third eatery visited.  The other two were very good, but breakfast at Olive et Gourmando prompted me to write a review.  My order only consisted of the Housemade Ricotta "sweet" and an espresso, but the ambiance, service, presentation and flavour of the simple dish were exactly what I needed on this Wednesday morning.  Our timing was great, as it was not too busy.  That may have helped my experience, however I will definitely be trying this place for lunch very soon.
5	A must visit cafe in Montreal.. It's busy so get there early... Go for breakfast, arrive when it opens cause people know this cafe! Wonderful breakfast: home-made ricotta with citrus honey and toast, breakfast panini and of course latte. We had to select some pastries to take with us... The crispest croissant with a buttery soft interior....  So wished I lived closer. Staff friendly with great customer relations.
4	Relaxed and warm atmosphere. I didn't try the sandwiches but the patisserie was so delicious
4	We were at Olive et Gourmando early enough to beat the crowd and got seated right away. If I had to wait for a table, it might be a 3 star review.Great place for breakfast, as nothing beat some good pastry and coffee.We shared a Chocolate & Banana Brioche and a plain Croissant. Cappuccino was A OK though on the more mellow side.The tables are packed so closely together, not much privacy. Olive et Gourmando is good for something fast, but a place that you can really take your time and enjoy your food. By the time we were leaving, there was so many people blocking the entrance waiting for a table. I don't mind coming back for more treats or coffee but I doubt I would have wanted to wait for more than 10-15 minute for a table on on my vacation
4	The salads here are really good, and they give you a big portion of delicious, high quality ingredients. Service is fast. You have to order at the counter and then sit down and wait for your food. They were very attentive and kind. My purse fell on the floor and was misplaced at another table, but they found it for me. Lots of well dressed people come here. Tasty pastries, great drink menu! We got each of the croissants - chocolate croissant was very tasty. Also got the salad with a goat cheese dressing - SO yummy but a bit too much dressing.
4	Very cozzy atmosphere. Probably the best place to eat panini in town. Great and friendly service. The place is very small though, you are kind of feel squeezed.
4	The SpotIt's four in the afternoon and Olive and Gourmando is full of people. When walking into one of Montreal's hippest cafe's I'm not sure what hits you first: the afternoon light washing through the windows falling on the dark wood furniture, the rich smell of espresso and freshly baked bread, or the excited chatter of the crowd as they wait patiently for the bustling waiters to bring them their newly prepared food. The space itself is beautiful, big wood tables with a family dinning room seating style, smaller cafe tables and a bar with high stools that is perfect for people watching. The menu is scribbled across a dusty black chalkboard, showing that the menu choices change every day. The crowd draws in Montreal's local people, some coming to work on their computers and some coming to grab lunch with a friend. Between the undying love for quality food and the love the owners, Dy Solomon and Eric Girard, have for each other, the atmosphere of this little cafe in Old Montreal can only be described as enchanting.What's Really Good?Fresh bread baked on the premises. Itay's Illy coffee. Creative sandwich combinations. Dense chocolate brownies. Quality ingredients. Warm atmosphere. Polite and fast waiters. A history of an adorable love affair. What else could you ask for? Olive and Gourmando is one of Old Montreal's most popular breakfast and lunch destinations for many reasons. Take out is available, so even if you don't have time to wait for a table or don't want to deal with the chaos of a hungry crowd, you still won't miss on a tasty and healthy lunch. With meat, vegetarian and vegan options, Olive and Gourmando is a good place for everyone to stop by.You'll wanna know:Don't go with a big group since seating is limited, the menu changes daily so you'll always have new choices, go early in the day because they only make so much of all of their sandwiches and the type you want might run out early!
5	I'm giving this place five stars, but I should warn you that even as a tourist, you will be disappointed by how chock full of tourists this place is.The almond croissant was not impressive, but the brioche was, and my husband was immediately obsessed with his cheesy southern biscuit. The coffee was spectacular, and we had a lovely seat by a large open window filled with plants.The ordering process is a bit confusing there, but we didn't have too much of a wait.
4	Cute and cozy. The coffee is delicious here. The pastries are okay, but not outstanding. Definitely come for the coffee though.
4	BEST. CHOCOLATE. BRIOCHE. EVER!The butter, the rich Valrhona chocolate, the crust. Its all divine and takes me to chocolate heaven.This was booked marked as a must try for our trip to Montreal. I only wish that we could have had a 2nd breakfast here. Very disappointed that it was closed on Sunday. It was super crowded on the Saturday morning we popped in and definitely not suitable for a stroller. I wish we could have eaten in and tried some other things from the food menu but being with a baby means being flexible with our wishes and wants.The coffee was good. I also grabbed a Almond croissant but that was only okay.
4	Found this place based on fellow yelpers - was not disappointed.  Got seated without too much of a wait at the communal table (I was by myself).  Wait staff was running around but still came to take my order very quickly.  I ordered the soup of the day (Celeriac cream with almond brussels spout garnish) and a Cuban panini sandwich.  Soup was just delicious (my waitress told me their soup is always good).  Picked up an almond croissant on my way out to pay (how can I not).  Planning to go back again to try the Brioche and coffee that everyone is raving above (and really mainly to get my soup fix).
2	Terrible service, very pretentious place. Waited for my coffee for 20 min once and in the end it turned out they forgot ! Sold me a day old pastry...
5	Don't miss this spot!Went here for lunch while visiting Montreal after reading the Yelp reviews.  It was so amazing that we went back for breakfast!  Absolutely delicious lattes and coffees, scrumptious pastries (I loved the almond croissant; the valrhona choc brioche was also amazing, tho extremely chocolatey), and delicious sandwiches and salads.  My cousins, who are from Montreal, almost died when we told them we found this place -- it is one of their faves.Don't give up on the long wait -- it moves more quickly than you expect and it's well worth it.  Special shout out to the lovely hostess (didn't catch her name) who was warm and friendly and remembered us when we returned the next day.We will most certainly return when we go back to Montreal.
5	I think I died and went to cafe heaven!This place is marvelous! It has sass, charm, culinary aptitude, & most of all the best carbs in baked form one can find!Came during 3 separate occasions, bumped into Kristin Chenoweth & Kathy Griffin, gorged myself silly, and just sat in utter content at what a charming place this establishment was!Had the following: egg in your face panini, peach shortcake, chocolate banana brioche, cheese croissant, almond croissant, pecan chocolate cookie, & zucchini cupcake.  I want more...
5	Best lunch ever!! Delicious sandwiches, fabulous homemade deserts. Must try the Cuban sandwich and the cupcake of the week.
5	Had Cuban sandwich and butternut squash soup, both packed with great flavour. I will definitely come back to try more
5	My friend took me here when I went to visit him this weekend.  It was a bit of a wait but it was so worth it!First, I love love love the atmosphere. Very homey and rustic. Very cute!!! Even though the place was packed, I didn't feel claustrophobic at all.I ordered the raspberry lemonade because I'm a huge fan of lemonade and it was delicious! We started off with the almond croissants that my friend adamantly insisted that we order. I told him that I wasn't a fan of almond croissants and he said to me "it's because you haven't tried the ones from here." And he was right. I have to admit that the almond croissants were the best that I've had so far.We both ordered the Cubain hot panini because who doesn't love paninis? I ordered mine with the southwest tomato soup. Both the panini and the soup were amazing. The panini was divine and the tomato soup was probably one of the best that i have ever tasted! I would definitely go back again!!!
3	Nice place for breakfast/coffee or wine/lunch. Nice options. Good vibe. A tad pricey but normal for that area. I'd go back.Had a vegan sandwich and two glasses of wine yesterday afternoon. Yum. Place was cute, but something was a bit lacking. Not sure what. Feeling, I guess. But that's just me.
4	I love this place. At first, it will seem intimidating. There are lineups, the ordering system is bizarre. But after everything it is worth it. And the service is actually quite good! I've only ever eaten their sandwiches- they make an absolutely delish egg sandwich that is usually all sold out by 11:30 am.Failing this, I get their Cuban- which is salty and tangy in just the right combo. Cheese melting over the sides and savoury ham inside. Crispy, not too thick panini style bread. Coffees are just right. Try it, you'll like it!
5	Wow, this place was great!I had a breakfast special of a poached egg on a Panini with bacon, herbs, cheese and roasted tomatoes and it was really good - the eggs were perfectly cooked and the bacon added that special richness.  While the breakfast sandwich was very good, the Chocolate Brioche was insanely amazing - rich and buttery brioche bread layered with dark chocolate - it was perfect!  This place is must-visit.
5	Awesome lil crowded cafe in Old Montreal serving YUMM Sandwiches & baked Goodies. They say makin the beast with two backs  is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate. I'd say its biochemically no different than havin the delicious Sandwiches or patisserie @ O&G.  Nuff said........... Food -  GreatService - Fast & friendlyAmbiance - Casual / Cozy / CrowdedWorth the money -Yisss
4	I had the mac and cheese, which both my girlfriend and I thought was delicious.  The place is intimate and in the heart of old Montreal.  If you are driving, there is decent pay parking on the street.  You may have to wait 20-30 minutes as we did on our first visit.  The staff is very friendly and generally accommodating.  I wasn't too impressed with the vegan Panini.  If you're thinking about desserts. I'd try the cronuts diagnolly across the street...but I don't remember the name of the cafe.  I gave it four stars but I don't feel this is a must during a visit to Montreal.
5	Wowzahhhh. Pastries galore. Gets very crowded on weekends  located in old Montreal. *they do accept credit cardMy highlights:Almond croissant: flaky perfection and everything you look for in an almond croissant. I want more !!!Banana and chocolate brioche: Holy Moly. Chocolate was so rich. It tasted like it was dark chocolate and the gooey'er version of the chocolate you typically find in a chocolate croissant. Highly recommend both of these, you wont regret your trip here!!!
5	Delicious tea! Delicious coffee! Delicious pastries! Amazing food! This place is fantastic! The inside looks amazing and it's bustling. My favorite aspect of the decor is the tree-like chandelier.  The food and beverages are all high quality. I got my standard earl grey tea and it was served in a chinese tea set! The tea was very floral and sweet, without any sugar being added. We also got the almond croissant, pain au chocolate, and belgian chocolate & pecan cookie.  These were lovely treats, and pretty great quality. I love French croissants and the pastry in the croissants was a little tough and gluten-y. But it was still good.  The cookie was really good too. My colleague had the latte and said it was nice and smooth.Then, my colleague and I shared the Salad #24. I am guessing it's named that because it has 24 ingredients? It was a vegan salad with a lot of amazing ingredients in it like pea shoots, pickled daikon, rainbow carrots, cashews, marinated tofu, basil, mint, sesame..... to name a few. It was so fresh and delicious. We loved it and have resolved to try to reverse engineer this salad back in Vancouver. In short, go here.
4	YUM I really liked this place, I had a plate that had some veggie quinoa combo that was like a party in my mouth. I dont remember what my boyfriend had cuz to be honest, I was busy...but I remember he liked it too! I deducted one star for the baked good because although the flavors were nice we had like a ginger cherry scone and something else, they were crumbling like crazy and to be honest Ive had better. But the decor and the place is sooo cozy you just want to curl up in there and pet a cat. Dont ask me why, thats just how I feel.
4	(*4.5) They are packed in the brunch hours. A standard 20 min wait to be expected. As a result, the service is rushed with the get in and get out mentality. Sandwiches & panini are delicious. The Cajun Chicken sandwich was sweet and savoury with the guacamole, fresh tomatoes, and mangoes providing a real fresh taste. We didn't order any but their salads looked extraordinary. Their prices are actually quite competitive considering they are in a posh area of town. They also have a great selection of baked goods. Overall, the quality and care put into the food does not go unnoticed, I just wouldn't rate it 5/5.
5	The best sandwiches, salads, and baked goods in Old Montreal.  It's on a busy street full of office workers and tourist, but it's certainly worth the wait.  I also like going there in the morning before it gets very packed.  I here in the summer they have a rooftop garden where they grow the vegetables.  Can't wait to try them.  It's on a pricier side for sandwiches and salads, but you will definitely not be disappointed.
4	Food was great, had the Cuban sandwich. Service was friendly. Cashing out is awkward.
4	didnt know this place can be sooooo crowded! well it was late morning brunch time so...i really like the decor and the food presentations/ platings.the pastries looks & smells really good. i had a Cuban sandwich which was perfect for that rainy morning! lots of cheese nom nom nom.. the panini was grilled to perfect, crunchy on the outside and hot n soft on the inside. my friend had a crab salad sandwich which looks refreshing & good tasting as well ;)staff were helpful and service were fairly fast even when this place was packed with ppl.highly recommended!
4	C'est bon!friday morning brunch- decaf latte, cubain panini et butter croissant.the cubain panini is warm and tasty, with delicious Italian bacon and cheese. Highly recommend. The latte is okay, not outstanding. But it neutralizes the strong taste of the panini.The croissant could be better.Very crowded even though we arrived by 11.Service is good.Will visit again.
5	Worth every star I gave them! Good service, great food, and fun vibe! Their pastries  are great, egg in your face sandwich was good, service was prompt and polite. My only complain would be that the tables were too close! But that's in all the restaurants here in Montreal.
4	Good patisseries
5	Fantastic experience;  amazing pastries and sandwiches.  Love the latte.  Great service.
5	Excellent food and great location in beautiful old Montreal.  Plus, cafe staff is amazingly helpful and friendly!!!!!
5	I will dream about their Cesar salad for a long, long time. It was not a traditional Cesar.  No it was more heavenly.  It had kale and incredible bacon.  Capers and a fantastic dressing.  It was a mountain of deliciousness.  I fear that when in Montreal I will eat this salad three meals a day and miss out on all other culinary experiences.  It had an addictive quality.  I have to think of something else now or the physical cravings will take hold.My husband had a cuban sandwich that was sensational.  Salty goodness.  Great bread.  He also had a fantastic white beer from Italy of all places.  My croissant was not outstanding but good.Our waitress was a gem.  Super friendly.  I am not sure how our lunch turned out to be $50, but it was well worth it.
5	always always love this place... their salads and sandwiches are tdf! Its a little pricey but worth every penny. You can tell that the best ingredients go into the food here, you taste it! Yum...my favorite lunch place in Old Montreal
5	Was here last spring.  Will be back to Montreal, because of this place!  Went here twice, for the short four-day stay at Montreal. Would like to try all the sandwiches, soups and hot beverages.  You will like the mocha! Very friendly staff too!
5	Masters of texture and spice, especially along the salty/crunchy/spicy taste nexus.The #5 (chevre) sandwich with grilled onions and homemade ketchup was fabulous and the #6 (pork, asparagus, cheese) was even better, blasts of flavor in every bite.Perpetually crowded so it's easiest to get takeout.Come early because they seem to run out of stuff quickly.
4	Great food!!!! And excellent atmosphere. Everything is made In house - the pistachio muffin is to die for.The only drawback is that they will not do any substitutions - even for kids
5	gotta say it: it's super cute in here. super busy, but turnover is pretty quick. breakfast was super good. we got the "poached egg in your face" panini, a plain croissant, and toast with jam and butter. the toast was toast, but the raspberry jam was yum. i really liked my croissant - it wasnt crazy buttery, the inside was soft and chewy and the outside was nice and crispy. the panini was great, especially for someone who likes savory breakfast - salty but not toooo salty with the speck, the sriracha adds a good dab of heat, and the tomatoes round it out. nom.
5	Beautiful brunch spot in old Montreal! During our three-day stay in Montreal, my friend and I came here twice, and we wished we had discovered it sooner!The first time we were there at around 10am, and it was already very crowded. Thankfully the turnover was faster than I expected. My friend and I tried the poached egg panini and the cubain panini, both were hot and crispy on the outside, and rich with melted cheese on the inside, highly recommended!The next day we came back for some baked goods takeaway. The almond croissant was perfect, possibly the best I've ever had, and the chocolate & banana brioche was rich, sweet and delicious.This place is definitely one of the highlights of our Montreal trip. Would definitely come back again!
5	One word. Actually a few words. The Cuban. That is the only thing I have there and I have been eating there for 7 years.
3	I came for their so called famous Cuban sandwich. Not really impressed at all. Far from being the best I've had. It was ok. The place itself was cute. Busy, but service was still quick.
5	Yum! The poached egg paninis and the scones turned this family into a group of glutens eating over paper bags in Notre Dame park. The coffee was nothing to write home about, but it didn't really matter. We have been talking about the paninis for over 2 weeks!
4	Neat little shop in the old port. Their food is very good and of high quality. However, there is usually a long line to get in and it takes a while to order from the two different counters. The food is great though.
5	I love this place! The food is amazing and the service was wonderful! We ordered breakfast poach egg panini, cheese croissant and a butter croissant! All really delicious!We will revisit again when we are in Montreal!
4	One place Montreal doesn't generally stack up well to my native New York is gourmet sandwiches. While the French breads make them all pretty enjoyable, when the flashiest topping is ham and cheese you eventually long for a little more excitement. This explains the popularity of Olive Et Gourmando, a small sit-down sandwich shop in Old Montreal which offers interesting sandwich combinations like garlic and yogurt chicken, smoked trout and pancetta, pork and gruyere. The seating is tight and waits can be long but the hipster French cafe vibe, creative sandwiches and local beer and wine selection make them worth putting up with.Recommended: The Gustavo, The Smoked Trout
3	Although the coffee, sweets and paninis are good, Olive et Gourmando is probably not worth the wait or price.
4	This place is great.  Food is soooo tasty.  It is very crowded though and they run out of their tasty food.  Which speaks more to the quality of the food.  Staff are friendly but expect lineups to get in, and to pay.  And you might not get the menu item you want if they run out but everything else is great on the menu anyways.  We ate pastries, scobe, croissant, goat cheese sandwich, green salad and latte.  All great. Also god location close to all the art galleries in old Montreal.
4	Graciously made room for our party of 6 with very little fuss. Only complaint is that they were out of about half of the sandwiches on the menu and did not tell us until we were about to order. I had the cesar salad with the yogurt chicken which had a great balance of bacon, cheese, lettuce, kale, capers and croutons. The place itself was so cozy on the inside. The decor was fabulous and everything tasted very fresh. Great find and would love to go back!
4	We were visiting Montreal as tourists, so having breakfast at this place was exactly what we were looking for. It's in the Old City; you'll want to stroll around the neighborhood and work up an appetite. The ambience is funky. The place seemed to be filled with locals, so we really felt like we were having a true Vieux Montreal experience. The service was friendly and prompt. The food was very good and prices were reasonable.
4	The breakfast panini was awesome! Fruit and yogurt bowl was also good. The chocolate croissant wad a but more like baguette bread than buttery croissant dough. They were packed the whole time we were there and our server forgot to put in our order, so we were there a while. Cute, bustling, and the lunch menu looks worth going back for.
4	Came here because of their Yelp fame so I knew there was going to be a long wait. But I didn't expect there to be a line at the odd hour of 3:45 pm. Thankfully there are plenty of shops open nearby and a couple of galleries :) We got the almond croissant and apple turnover from their pastries rack. They were both good but not too impressive. The almond croissant could have been more crusty. I preferred the apple over the croissant. There weren't many other options for pastries as they have already sold out of many options. We also ordered the Cuban sandwich. Again, some of the other sandwich options have already sold out so I would come early if you want full options. The sandwich was the standout for me. The pork was so juicy and succulent and the sauce was spot on. The bread was also the perfect thickness. We split one sandwich between the two of us and it was enough to fill us up along with the pastries.
5	Chocolate banana brioche bun!!!! This is their number one pastry! I was lucky there were some left. This is a cute cafe with outlets, food, baked goods and drinks. I paired a short espresso with my pastry and it was amazing! I could only eat half of the bun so definitely a pastry to share. Its dense, sweet and soft. Great place to check out and people watch!
5	After a 30 minute wait for a table for two, my sister and I enjoyed a wonderful lunch here. We don't speak French but gathered enough to order the Gustavo and Cajun Chicken paninis. A huge group of about 50 people wearing yoga attire came in for takeout and filled the edges of the store, but our food came out quite quickly. The bread was perfectly toasted, crispy, and delicious. The flavors were perfectly balanced and so tasty. Plus, everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful.
5	great stuff! the almond croissant was delish and the coffee really good. make sure to try the scones. It a busy place but worth it!
5	One of the best Cuban sandwiches I have had....and I have had them in a lot of countries....   Long wait but it was worth it.  Very reasonably priced as well.
5	Cutest place we discovered on our last day in Montreal. Brunch line out the door. They also offer pastries to go so got in that line which moved fairly quickly. Chocolate banana brioche bun is all you need to know when going here. Eye opening happiness good. One of the most memorable things I ate on our trip.
5	We were a party of three and shared a fall beet salad, the salted ricotta salad and a goat cheese hot panini.The food didn't last very long as it was delicious. The menu very much reflects the seasons and its options are extremely fresh tasting and masterfully put together.You have to try this place!
5	Visited Montreal for a long weekend and came back twice because I loved this cafe so much! Their croissants are amazing - tried the plain, chocolate, and also the cheese croissant. My favorite definitely was the cheese croissant. Also had their cappuccino for take away and it was the most perfect start to my day. Came back the a few days later with my girl friends for a quick lunch, and ordered the Tofu Sandwich. My mind was blown. I was already full by half the sandwich, but ate the rest anyway because it was that insanely good. My mind still dreams of this sandwich, and I am scouring all of LA now to find something like that!
5	We arrived during lunch and of course there was a wait so we decided to take it to go and just eat outdoor since it was such a nice day out. Cute and charming place. The Cuban panini was soooo good. I love a good panini but this was probably best I've had.  The bread crust was perfectly crispy without being too hard but once you chew into it...it was soft and melts in your mouth. The filling with pork and panceta was yummy with their blend of mayo. We also got the almond croissant which was also so yummy...it was flaky,  buttery, and soft...not too sweet. Definitely a highlight of my food adventure in Montreal.
5	We loved this place. Excellent food, great coffee, and their Earl Gray tea was very aromatic (by Camilla Senesis). We had breakfast and lunch. They make it, people eat and then it's gone - so if you want to try down thing - be there early or it may be gone by the time you decide to roll in. Mt wife and I would certainly come and eat there again when we are back in Montreal and we will for sure be back.
5	Their bread is like a carb pillow or fluffy dough cloud. If you've tried it, this is the prefect analogy. I'm not high.Sandwich menu is made of heaven. I waiver between the Viva Las Vegan and Cubano. Sweets spread is everything you could want and your ass is afraid of.I wish they had more salad options. Everyone has faults.Espresso is lovely. Lunchtime line is hell. Going during off times is cool and it is worth the wait. I hate lines so I mean it when I say it is worth the time.Always bustling.
4	Wonderful, must try spot in Old Montreal.Getting this out of the way up front..The three negatives that are somewhat minor are...1. You will wait and wait for a table on a nice weekend.2. Service is only ok. They are so busy that you may be overlooked at times.3. No coffee refills. The coffee is 3$, your meal is over $15, but no refills on coffee.Beyond that...1. The Cuban and egg in your face paninis are both delicious and of a respectable size.2. The chocolate brioche bun (as well as the blueberry) are a meal in themselves. I suggest splitting one of these if you are also having something else! This is one of the best sweet treats I have eaten in a long time.3. The fresh fruit bowl with yogurt is super fresh and delicious.4. The decor in here is fun. The chandelier (made out of vines) is cool, as are all the chalkboard drawings and general feel of the space.You have to eat here. Overall, it is a bit pricey, but the food and experience are worth it. Just go slow on the coffee.
4	Dropped in for breakfast before heading to the airport and it was a fitting end to a great food experience in Montreal.  - Homemade "Sweet" RicottaThe ricotta came with honey, orange zest and sea salt, served w/ toast.  Thought it could've come w/ a little more honey to balance out for each bite.  Could be preference, but by the end, only had the ricotta on toast left over, which was good by its own right - "Poached egg on your face" PaniniProbably my favorite dish of the morning, the bread had a satisfying crunch on the outside w/ a soft interior.  The cheese and egg melts in your mouth, complimented by the siracha for a spicy kick.  The menu says a speck of pork, but there was a decent amount of pig in there.  Maybe speck means something different in Canada...- Butter CroissantCrispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, done perfectly.- Apple TurnoverNot too sweet, with the brown sugar coating gave it an extra crunch.- Chocolate-Banana BriocheSo flavorful but extremely dense.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but you could probably get full just off of the brioche, so beware when ordering.
4	I loved the pouched egg panini but it is a bit salty. I also ordered the yogurt with fruit and it was a good balance.Coffee is amazing !!Waitresses are super friendly and the place has a cozy feeling.
4	We've only been here once but I still daydream about the sweet ricotta and egg panini which were absolutely amazing! However, I did feel that the pastries were nothing special. My husband and I had a chocolate croissant and banana brioche and felt they are nowhere near as good as other bakeries. But given that the breakfast specials were so good, perhaps we need to try the pastries a second time in case we just got a bad batch? :)
5	First time visiting Montreal and heard lots of good things about the paninis here. Got there around 10:15am and it was pretty busy. Was just the two of us so there was no wait. Service was attentive and courteous. We were there before the lunch menu was out so we settled for the "Poached egg on your face" panini. Spicy poached eggs with herbs and mayo, Comte cheese, speck and slow roasted tomatoes. It was probably the best panini I've ever had. Super crispy crust, gooey cheese and all the flavours went very well together. Definitely a must-visit!
4	Yummy - albeit a little overpriced and most of the options run out so make sure you go early.
5	The Cuban sandwich alone is worth making a detour for this place! The treats are also yummy! It can get busy at lunch time from workers in nearby offices so arrive early (or wait until later in the afternoon!) The staff is friendly mostly.
4	I enjoyed it. very much. The sandwich was tasty. The staff was friendly. I rather enjoyed it. grilled, fatty sandwiches filled with cheese and pesto and chicken... WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE???
3	Delicious treats in a cool atmosphere in an even cooler part of town!
5	Fantastic food, nice atmosphere. Best Mac and cheese I have ever had. Vegetable soup was also fantastic. Highly recommended.
4	A bit of a line up but definitely worth it.  A pretty good vegetarian selection.  Food is very rich though--so make sure your eyes are not bigger than your stomach.
4	Love this place and love their sandwiches. But man, it's OVERPOPULATED with tourists. Best time to go is after lunch during the week (that's if your schedule allows it!)
4	Great coffee and salads .. can be very busy around lunch hour.
4	Located on the edge of the old port.  This place feels like you just walked into to Cafe in Paris.  Great espresso and the sweets are great.  They have a lunch menu as well. Highly recommend this place.
5	What a fabulous little cafe! I only tried breakfast here, but it was so good I came back again the next morning. The coffee was perfect and the pastry was equally delicious. Pass on the chain coffee shops and head straight to this little place. Worth it, even if you have to wait.
5	Wonderful sandwiches!
4	Adore the atmosphere and decor of this little shop! Very busy but still managed to snag a cozy table for 2 during lunch hour.  We had the pomme de luxe panini and Caesar salad, both fresh and well seasoned!  Staff was kind and attentive.  Slightly on the expensive side (e.g. $4 for espresso) but enjoyed the whole experience!
5	Worth the line up. This is a pretty small cafe so a wait is pretty much guaranteed(especially if its on a weekend). However unlike kazu, you'll usually be seated in less than 20 mins.   I tried the cuban panini while my friends both had the cajun chicken sandwich. I was told the cuban panini is a must try at olive and gourmando so i wanted to see what the fuss was all about. The waiter was extremely nice despite how busy the restaurant is and repeated fill up our water. The food also came within reasonable time, or maybe we were just too busy catching up. Boy, was the panini good. The cheese, the pork, the lime and chipotle all came together perfectly. DEFINITELY WORTH THE HYPE. I was told that my friend's sandwiches were also both excellent. The portion is extremely generous, although i didn't hesitate to finish it all in one sitting.   Great place to catch up over brunch, and bonus ? a nice walk around old port after the meal.
5	amazing everytime
4	No wifi here! But it's okay. Per the server's joking suggestion, I forgot about the wifi and seized an opportunity to socialize. I made friends with a fellow entrepreneur who was also from the States. It was a great dining experience since we had an awesome view eating from the window bar-top. Those seats are perfect for people watching and passing time. The narrow alley ways of Old Port are interesting to be inside and to observe. Olive & Gourmando is a place to enjoy and savor. I easily had spent 2-hours there. I had a simple lunch: Latte, Cuban sandwich and then took some pastries to-go. They have a wide variety of baked goods on display that is hard to miss. So, don't skip!
3	Had breakfast here on a weekday. Very busy and crowded. I enjoyed the food.Food: 4/5, got the panini with poached egg and meat. Spicy, warm and very delicious.Service: 2/5, lacklustre, felt a bit rushed and the tables and seats were not very comfortable.Ambience: 3/5, nice little place with cool decor.Price: 2/5, overpriced for what you get; somewhat odd for Montreal but it could because they have buzz. Not sure about the $5 lemonade lol.
5	During our four day trip to Montreal we got the chance to visit Olive and Gourmando.  our favorite was the home nade ricotta with honey and orange zest and wow were we blown away by this simple but beautifully presented dish.  overall great experience!  definitely worth your time and money.
5	My wife and I were here in late August and ate here twice while we were in Montreal. The food is delicious as is the coffee and tea. Expect a wait and tight seating quarters but fantastic atmosphere. My favorite waiter sang chaud laaaaa! Every time he went to the kitchen. We will definitely return when we are back in Montreal.
4	Absolutely charming and delicious, perfect for a morning brunch, nice lunch and even an afternoon wine with a pastry. The crowd is nice yet not uptight and it's also located in the nicest part of the city. Must-do.
4	I had not truly experienced a brioche until I came here.The sandwiches were delicious, but months later the brioches that stay with me (both in memory and in actuality, on my thighs).  They are astoundingly good.   My friend and I came here twice on our long-weekend trip to Montreal, and munched on brioches and other pastries on the ride home.   The banana chocolate brioche was my favorite.   It gets crowded fast, so get there early, I would say before 11am if possible, if you don't want to wait  a long time for a table.  On the bright (or dark, depending on your perspective on temptation) side, you can admire the piles of amazing looking pastries -- the details of the sheen on the glazed gigantic croissants, the crumbly nooks on the scones, the powdered sugar on the brioches.  The savory goods were indeed good -- I believe we had the Cuban and the Cajun Chicken, both delicious.  If you're planning a trip to Montreal and intend to visit O&G, note that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays.
