4	They opened up a new Fuddruckers in the Orleans food court! Sweet! So if your group can't decide between Fuddruckers, Sbarro, or Subway, you can all be taken care of in one place. I do love all Fuddruckers.. the soft buns.. the nasty fake cheese.. AHH.. but now there is even more to love at Fuddruckers! They have sliders (and they are cheap! 2 for $3), but I didn't try those. They also now have an ostrich burger. It's low calorie, low fat, and tastes amazing. I'm not a big turkey burger/buffalo burger/veggie burger fan, so this was a great alternative and allowed me to delude myself into thinking I was "kind of" eating healthy for lunch!
4	I had my first Buffalo Burger and I really enjoyed it. The condiments are layed out nicely and the potato wedges are nicely seasoned. I would like to see ranch dressing or honey mustard sauce made available for dipping the wedges in. I was glad to see plenty of A1 and Heinz 57 available for the burgers.
1	Oh stay clear of this Fuddruckers. My son & I happened to stop in there this evening & after waiting 18 minutes for our order, which we asked "to go", the manager handed us boxes to wrap up our meal to go ourselves.... For a cheeseburger, frings (1/2 fries 1/2 onion rings) & a macaroni & cheese for $15.37 they should have carried the meal out to our car for us. The staff are not very pleasant either with out a single apology for the wait, I know I will not be back, especially when you can come close to having a sit down dinner for that price.
1	We ate at this place on 1/8/2010 Friday afternoon, we ordered a Buffalo berger (meal) and a fish chip meal. Starting at 2-3 am Sat morning, we cannot stop vomiting till Sunday morning. We were there for CES show but ending up staying at the hotel room only. We were so sick we couldn't even get out of bed till Sunday Morning, then we went home.... We didn't make it to the CES..... :( They need to watch out how they handle the food...it is terrible.....
4	came by for a quick lunch. Great staff and fast service. the food was very good, condiments looked fresh and crisp.
3	Used to eat the one in NY when I was a teenager, it was ok back then (better than most burger joints with more options/fresher ingredients, at a slightly premium price for what it is), heard they had one at the Orleans so tried it before a movie.Was pretty good, quality was about the same as what I remembered, but options were a little more interesting, i.e Burger with balsamic roasted onions, bacon, bleu cheese, etc... - very good, sides were good, sliders were a good option for kids, and fresh toppings were as I remembered.  Good option for a burger.  Service is fairly matter of fact, to be expected in the food court of a casino.
3	I was at the Orleans and needed a quick lunch before an appointment, meaning one of the fast food choices in their food court area. I hadn't eaten at a Fuddruckers in ages so decided to give it a try.The staff was exceptionally perky.I got a cheeseburger, fries, and chocolate shake. The shake was pretty good, at least above average. The thick cut fries were terrible - really mushy on the inside. The burger was completely tasteless but the condiments were fresh and made it okay. The bun was sensational - fresh and delicious. Maybe I should have just ordered bun bread and a shake.
2	I'm a big fan of Fuddruckers but the Orleans Food Court falls short of the usual restaurant experience. It's good late-night or in a pinch, but otherwise it's worth the trip over to the Grand Canyon location near 215/Flamingo.
3	Great burgers considering it's inside a food court next to Sbarro and Subway. Everything is made to order and costs just a tad more than your average fast food but tastes much better. My favorite is the 1/2 lb burger with sauteed mushrooms, onions and Swiss cheese. Best part is they ask how you want your burger cooked.
4	I miss the old burger place at the Orleans, but Fuddruckers is a good fast-food alternative. They feature a condiment bar where you can pile stuff high on your burger. They offer an interesting array of beef alternatives such as ostrich, buffalo and wild boar! I tried the wild boar this time. It was just ok: not as juicy or flavorful as their beef. But it's great that there's such a variety.It's the most popular place at the food court, and you can get a beer at the near-by bar to go with. There's even a discount coupon for hotel guests.
4	The burgers are Freaking awesome ..... Just don't order it to your room because we did 2 times and both times they got it wrong. :(
1	no no no no no. got suckered into going here because of their buy-one, get-one-free coupon(look on web).ordered rare, but was cooked almost medium brown. beef is poor quality (2 bone chips + gristle) and not flavorful.the balsamic onions were overmarinted and the onions included, amazingly, *onion rind* -- yes, the hard outside layers of the onion were added to the burger toppings. NASTY.stay away.
3	good, had the kobe burger but i couldnt tell the difference in tase compared to a normal beef burger.
4	With celebrity chefs falling all over one another to open burger concept restaurants, it may be surprising that a casino food court counter-service burger would rate so highly.But "Fuddy's" (as my brothers called it growing up) remains one of my burger go-tos - along with In-N-Out, of course. It's far superior to the conceptually similar Fatburger.The housemade buns stand up well to the meat - my biggest beef with a lot of these boutique burger places (no pun intended) is that the grease from the burger soaks through the bun, rendering the whole thing a sloppy mess. But I can get this to go, take it home, and eat an intact burger if I choose to.They offer meats like ostrich, elk, wild boar, etc. for the adventurous - but what I always wondered was how they sold enough of it to keep a fresh supply on hand. So I just stick to the beef...Although the potato wedges are a must. Sometimes I'll just get an order of wedges, smother them in cheese, pico, shredded lettuce and jalapenos, and voila - nacho fries!Bonus points for being open 24 hours.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  I generally try to stay away from fast food and from chain places, but late night circumstances dictated.   I got the buffalo burger, rings, and diet coke.  They bake their own buns, apparently, and cook the burgers to order.  You have to dress it yourself, but they've good a good selection of stuff to dress it with and condiments.  I took it to go, and it was really good.   The rings were good, too.  They are thick with a nice light batter.
4	I love me some Fuddruckers. They have some really great protein options here, so there's literally something for everyone. I'm usually not a fan of serving myself, but I do enjoy having the ability to add all the condiments I want onto my own burger. I usually stock up on pickles and cheese dip. They're both delicious. Not together, mind you.I usually order one of the specialty burgers and share an onion rings or wedges with my dining companion. This is usually plenty even for the hungriest of burger lovers. Order a milkshake as part of your combo as well. They're great!When you're in need of a quick meal on your way to bowling or during a quick break from the poker table this food court is a great option.
4	I have never had a bad experience here. The burgers are really good and fresh. I love how you can build your own burger. Fries are yummy too. The hot dog is the only thing that's alright, but it's big!....overall it's a great place to get a delicious, fresh burger and it's open 24 hrs!
4	Love this location.....there is a small group of friends who meet for lunch at this location a few times a year.  We enjoy it because it's close the Strip, where most of the group works.  We also like how it's less busy than the Summerlin Location....at least during lunch hour mid-week.During my most recent visit, I had a 1/3 Burger with Cheese and Fries & Drink ($9.99).  It takes a few minutes for your Burger to be prepared, but it's worth the wait and not nearly as long as Fatburger.  The Burger was made to my specifications (medium).  I loaded it with Jalapenos, Onions, and melted Jalapeno Cheese....yum!The employees are always friendly and greet everyone as they walk up to place an order.  Overall, a solid place to grab a quick bite to eat.Return Factor - 95%
3	No jalapeno cheese sauce. The meat lacked texture. No beer sold here either. Other than that, it's Fuddruckers.
3	When was the last time you had breakfast at Fuddruckers?  This is a location licensed by the Orleans and it is one of two places in the food court that is open 24 hours.  As such it has some menu modifications for breakfast.  I was looking for a light breakfast and figured for $6.99 for the breakfast burger I wouldn't get too stuffed.  I was wrong, 1/3lb beef patty with an egg, bacon, cheese served with a mound of potatoes I was stuffed.  If I was hungover this would have been the perfect breakfast and as it was I liked it.
4	Fuddruckers is great! This is a serious burger. Although I usually go to the one on Flamingo, which is a real sit-down restaurant, this one servers its purpose when the late night burger pangs come on. It's in a food court at the Orleans but same quality burger that I have come to expect. They do skimp on the onion rings though so if you get the burger combo be ready to receive like only 8 rings total... not cool in my opinion but the burger makes up for it.
4	Another fast food place that's open way early in the morning inside the Orleans Hotel. I don't care for Fuddruckers burgers but when you have a nice breakfast menu on tap, you're golden in my books!Their mini breakfast sliders are actually pretty good! When you're headed out in the mornings for whatever occasion it may be, you can grab one of their sliders to go. They come out steaming hot and fresh and will hit the spot (We had the egg, cheese and sausage sliders). It takes a couple of minutes for the cooks to make for you but well worth it. I didn't have anything else though. Strictly breakfast review here. The early morning crew are nice also. I think this place is 24 hours and if I remember the cashier was there since 3am!
2	Food is okay but a Lil overpriced.  How do you go from 6.99 sandwich to adding $5 more for fries and a drink?  I could've got a crispy chicken sandwich from jack in the box and still be satisfied.
1	Well i didn't like it that much, i was very excited to eat an ostrich burger and a elk burger because i never had them before and don't know about any other places in Vegas that sell them. so i did and i was not satisfied at all it was very dry, either the person who cooked it didn't know how to cook it right or it just wasn't good. Any ways my friend told me the regular burgers were better than the gamy meats. And the salmon burger was OK too. I probably wouldn't go there again cuz 13 bucks for a tiny ostrich burger that wasn't even good with fries and a drink almost 20.
1	Go elsewhere!! The employees are slow and retarded. People that came way after us got their food first. Even after our buzzer went off the food was not ready because they ended up giving it to someone else!!!
5	OK first off yes they are a little pricey, however I totally believe that this place is totally worth the money.. With that said here we go, let's start with selection. If you like exotic meat this is the place for you, they have elk, buffalo, and wild boar! I have tried all except the wild boar, I may be gun shy? The elk and buffalo are great, Of course if you just want to stick to the basic the hamburgers are made anyway you like it. I love the works or the three cheese option. The best thing is that if you cant decide on fries or onion rings tell them you want the half and half. The topping are always fresh and ready for you to pile on your burger, this is why I love it here! The fact that they are 24/7 is awesome, the subway at the end of the food court better watch out, Fuddruckers is here to stay!!!!!
3	After a disappointing outing to the neighboring Sushi restaurant, my group and I landed at the food court within the Orleans.  It is open 24 hours and pretty reliable.  I ordered the sunrise burger while the rest of my party ordered steak sandwiches.  The sunrise burger is egg, bacon, and cheese on top of a patty.  It was really good.  The bacon was crisp, the egg was a little runny, and the patty was well seasoned.  The steak sandwiches were reported well seasoned and tender.  However, the temperatures were not correct.  This is the sort of the thing that many people find unforgivable.  However, I will always give leeway to a fast food restaurant in this area.The seating is pretty horrible.  There are only a few seats for four different eateries.The service is okay but could be improved.  The cashier did not seem to know about the product and did not want to honor casino coupons.  However, a supervisor remedied the situation quickly.The prices are a little high for burgers but not unconscionable.  I would eat here again.
3	Service always seems to be good here.  Nice that they have a couple different burgers to choose from with fresh toppings.
5	first time i ate here and i loved it! i ate here twice during my lv stay, the first time i had the bison burger and the next time i believe we had the elk burger it was delicious and the staff is very helpful!
2	Haven't been to a Fuddruckers in years and was pleasantly surprised by the game meats they offered.  I tried the buffalo, which was pretty tasty.  My qualm is really about the topping bar.  The tongs were laying INSIDE the trays of pickles, onions, relish, etc.  How gross to think that the patron before you was digging in the tomatoes for the tongs and then putting the tongs back inside the tray of tomatoes.  I didn't end up with very many toppings as a result.  Although it is the patrons' fault for being careless in placing the tongs back in the food, I think the restaurant should do a better job of monitoring and cleaning this up.
4	First time to Fuddruckers!  Loved it, best burger I've had.
2	Market price for the ostrich burger was a ridiculous 18$ in early November 2012. For a minuscule patty. At Fuddruckers in the smoky ass food court of the Orleans. I cannot emphasis enough how absolutely asinine it felt to pay that much for a single menu item at the Orleans foodcourt.The burger itself was not bad. It was not bad at all. Was it as good as (or better) than 3.5 Fukuburgers #2s (at 5$ a piece, one could eat 3.5 of them and still tip fifty cents, all the while supporting local businesses)? Fuck no. Or I don't even know how many In-N-Out DblDbls (I don't want to do that arithmetic)? Fuck no (in this sense it is not even better than one). You get what I am saying here. Setting aside the immense disappointment in paying higher than BURGER BAR prices for a tiny just good tasting burger in a shitty food court, my girlfriend is vegetarian for her own ethical reasons and had their veggie burger. She knows her veggie burgers, and she told me this one sucked and that it was just a pre-manufactured (not in-house) boca burger. I cannot remember exactly what it cost but it was probably 7$ or 8$ bucks. Go to Burger Bar instead (it is not THAT far away). - E
4	Oh my goodness I can't believe I have never tried FUDDRUCKERS before!My family and I were starving when we arrived at The New Orleans and decided to check out their food court. We ended up trying Fuddruckers, which was probably the best choice we could have made. :) We ordered basic 1/3 cheeseburgers with fries and onion rings. They gave us a beeper to mange the service. The service was actually pretty quick given the demand during that time of day. They don't customize burgers (besides the meat, rare, medium, or well); instead they had a salad bar that was available to customers. The salad bar consisted of red and white onions, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, relish, mayo, ketchup, and mustard. The only problem I had with this setup was that other people had the opportunity to touch the produce. It also made it hard to build my burger with so many people waiting behind me. On a positive note it did save time by not confusing the staff with complex request and they did keep the produce well stocked and fresh.The burger was awesome, it was flavorful and juicy. The fries were well seasoned but a little chunky for my liking (thick cut). The onion rings were so crispy, in a good way!OverallI would love to come back :) I definitely have to find a location near me because they say that they have bucket beers, which sounds like a good time with friends.
4	I've always liked Fuddruckers.  The burgers are cooked to order and the toppings are fresh.  Shame it's in the Orleans and I live behind Nellis.
4	First time here.  It's a burger joint with different size of beef burgers and meats.  You can put your own toppings for free.  Their fries are potato wedges ehich are seasoned really good.  The only I don't care is the do it yourself topping/ salad bar.  I'm a bit hesitant to use it as far as sanitation.  Don't know how often food is rotated.  At least the burgers are cook to order and come HOT.
4	I don't get why its in a food court at the Orleans, but it has amazing burgers for great prices. Its open 24 hours a day, I have gone for lunch, dinner, and at 3am, the food is constantly good and quick service. The Mushroom Swiss burger is good and I love the onion rings.
4	Inside the Orleans Hotel & Casino, in their food court.Open 24hrs.I work inside the casino, so it's always nice to get a great hamburger or pick up breakfast right after work.Breakfast is served 2am-11am.Tips: Their menu has changed slightly.Some people have said that their special hamburgers like elk and ostrich have gone up in price.It can also get hectic during special arena events and lines can get bad.Some days, not a lot, they close for a few hours for big cleaning times.Service is always good.Free beverage refills, also coffee refills when you get the breakfast combos.
2	Ridiculous prices. Seriously. For anything, not just a veggie burger.Oh, and that veggie burger? A Boca burger that has been heated in a microwave. The seating? It is a casino, so really, there is none other than the plastic chairs you can manage to wrangle away from teenagers. The time you wait for your food is a joke, especially when there is NO ONE else around. I would understand if it was a juicy, homemade patty, thick and full of really good seasonings. But no. The time you wait is the time it takes it to thaw out and be cooked. Do not kid yourself into thinking they are hand forming your food back there. The only redeeming quality this place has is the all you can take condiments bar- but even that is sullied by the fact that it is a total free for all that is not even monitored! I do not want tomato slices after the man in front of me fingered the tongs and threw it into the food. Ew. And the kids? Don't even think about what they do. It will make you cringe. I like the idea, really I do, but it cannot be just left off to the side where no one is making sure that the food is being replenished, and untainted.
4	This place was perfect for my 2 am fix of food while very very drunk!
3	Fuddruckers, the worlds greatest hamburgers....Yeah, sorry, not even close.I ordered the works burger 1/2lb variety with an egg...So burger, bacon, cheese, mushrooms and egg.Somehow manged to not put the mushrooms on the burger, a quick trip up to the counter and a side of mushrooms were given, ok not a real issue, crap happens.So the burger, yeah I guess it's ok, nothing amazing, up there with the Fatburgers of the world, certainly no "The Worlds greatest burger" by any means.Is it worth going out of your way for, not really, but if you are there I wouldn't say don't go, hence the 3 stars, nothing wrong with it, nothing great about it.
2	Ate breakfast here one morning.  It wasn't very good and pretty overpriced to be honest.  I should have walked on down to subway.  One night we tried to get some breakfast because we saw they started serving breakfast at 2:00am.  We were disappointed to find they weren't serving at 3:15am.  They had closed for cleaning and then were kind of rude to us about how they weren't open.  Well when I finally got breakfast I was looking forward to the "breakfast potatoes". Well they turned out to be tater tots!  Blah.  I would stick to lunch at this place.
2	After a hockey game, we saw a sign for Fudruckers.  It advertised burgers made with ostrich, boar, elk, and american Kobe.  We thought fantastic!  Let's try this place out.  After waiting in line, we finally get to the register to order.  They don't have ostrich.  They don't have boar.  They don't have Kobe.  Really?!  We were very disappointed.  But since we were hungry, we went ahead and ordered an elk burger and a bacon cheeseburger.  When they asked how we wanted them cooked, we both said medium.  After a 15 minute wait, we received our burgers.  They were both very well done.  You get your own condiments in a salad bar style.  Kind of gross as people had their hands all over it, just grabbing things without tongs. Ew.  Beside being overcooked, the burgers were bland.  We were disappointed.  And when you factor in the price, it was definitely not worth it.
5	Never Have a Complaint about this Burger Joint, Super Service. I love their Burgers and Half & Half Orders of Onion Rings and Fries :) With Nacho Cheese. I always go to the one in the Orleans Hotel Casino!!! YUP!!
3	Ordered a burger late night (sometime between 2 and 3 am). This was my first time eating there,ordered a burger well done. Didn't take as long as I thought (only like 7-10 minutes). The burger was much smaller than I expected for the price, but it tasted good. The fries were really starchy, probably because of how thick the wedges are. It's alright, I'll probably give it another try but nothing to rave about.
1	Good gone BAD!! This place was alright when it opened but...now it's dirty and they have a bunch of kids working there with no respect and no idea what they're doing. Sad!!
3	Burger was excellent. Cooked as ordered. Building your own burger allows you to make it just how you like it. Ordering for the first time can be confusing and persons taking the order not too helpful. Seems like they assumed we done it before.The order came out quickly.
5	This is my all time favorite burger place and I am so happy that this 24 hour mini version in the Orleans is the real deal.  The service is great. The toppings bar is exactly the same as in a full size restaurant. My burger is always cooked just right. Oh and the prices are not inflated.
3	Burgers we're mediocre, nothing special. I could have made a  better burger at home probably. Cost $27 for 2 burger combos. I could have fed 4 people at in n out for the same price and been a lot happier. Only plus about this place is you put on your own vegetable toppings from the vegi bar. Also the iced tea was awful.! Probably won't be back
5	This is our favorite Fudds, we almost stop by here before leaving town. The girl working the register, I can't recall her name (very pretty, lots of tattoos) is always very friendly and is a pleasure to talk with. Burgers are always great here.
1	Ordered the Bacon Cheeseburger 1/3 combo medium well, for some reason the hamburger meat looked lite green and they gave me a very small portion of fries with my order. The Bacon Cheeseburger tasted foreign not very good, the bacon were just two very thin slices, this had to be the worst burger I had all year. Don't recommend anyone eat here, I eaten at other Fuddrucker and they were excellent.  Please avoid the Fuddruckers in the Las Vegas Orleans Casino at all costs!
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try this place after playing poker and let's just say I did not expect how delicious and fresh it was! We got the World's Greatest Burger or something like that and we get to top it off with what we want. The onion rings were bomb and so were the fries. The lady that took our order was also kind enough to ask us if we wanted our burger cut in half since we were sharing it. (We didn't know if we were going to like it) but next time we know for sure how it tastes so we would be getting our own burgers lolAnd to the people who complain about their burgers.. Who the hell eats their burger well cooked??  anyways, I would definitely eat here again !! :)
5	Their half pound burger was excellent. The buns were also perfect. The wedge fries completed the experience---although it would've been better with the In-N-Out fries. The service was fast and friendly. Definitely makes the top 5 of my list of favorite burgers. Will definitely come back if in the area.
