4	The best bone-in rib-eye I have ever had in my life.  The Steve Wynn Steakhouse sits down the escalators and opens up to the man-made private lake of the Wynn Hotel.  There has been a lot of locals alike who remain unimpressed by Wynn but I beg to differ.  While Bellagio really changed what one could expect to Vegas, Wynn's position is more subtle.  It is more private, quieter, and it's elegance doesn't shout at you.  Feel it and breathe it in.The big plus for those who are used to fine dining from a NY or SF, the prices at Wynn are not that bad.  I took 3 others with me and the bill was less than $500 with cocktail and wine.The cap of the night was to have Steve Wynn, the modern day Da Vinci, and one of the top business men sit two tables away...10-minutes later Mick Jagger joins Wynn for dinner.  My party were amazed.Pos: excellent steaks, nice lake views, for those looking for a more elegant ambiance compared to the Nines Steakhouse at Palm or other restaurant.Negs: None noted
5	Very nice steakhouse atmosphere and great service. The wine list is large, but not over whelming. The appetizers were small in portions, but great tasting. The steak that I had was cooked to perfection and tasty. The Australian lobster tail was out of this world. The sides were just the right size and good. The view of the water fall adds to the luxury of this place. I would definitely come back to the Steve Wynn Steakhouse!
2	I went here recently with a group of 6...It was not pleasant. I will not be back.#1-Steak orders...of 5 orders, not a single one was done correctly, even by THEIR standards. Uneven, overcooked, undercooked...you name it.#2-No problem...you just tell your waiter and he'll make it right...right??? Um...no...the waiter did one of the fastest drive-bys I have EVER seen at ANY restaturant. He was actually running past us as he said "is everything ok?" and wasn't even within earshot by the time we responded 1 second later.#3-Our reservation was lost. As we were there for a special event, and everything thusfar had been going well, we rolled with it... That is...until the host told us that he had a table, but we were going to have to give it up by 8pm. That left us with exactly 95 minutes to sit, order, sort through the screwups and pack out of there. It didn't happen.On a good note...our somalier took some requests from us to find a wine suitable to our likes. It sure seemed easier than sorting through their 12 billion listings. What he selected was the best, most accurate selection I have ever tasted. NO arguments here.Their "shows" aren't worth sticking around for more than once. Yeah...they're something new...but they're stale quickly.
4	The SW Steakhouse is located in the new and fabulous Wynn Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.   I was under the impression that the SW stood for South West....WRONG!!!  The S W stands for Steve Wynn the hotel owner.  The menu at the SW Steakhouse features some of Mr. Wynn's favorite fare.  There are of course steaks, but they also have excellent seafood, beautiful salads, excellent appetizers (try the lobster rolls), decadent desserts..AND a big plate of sausage.  That is right....a plate of sausages from around the globe.  An international plate of sausage if you will.The service is stellar, the wine list expansive, the decor beautiful and the food is delicious.Ask for a table with a view of the gorgeous water fall/fountain.  At night it changes colors and shows graphics.  It is really beautiful.
2	Decent steakhouse, but not the "best of the best' as Wynn is outspoken about. The steaks were cooked well, but the meat quality is mediocre. Their rib-eye was a bit fatty and had too many tendons. It didn't taste like a well-aged steak. Their sides were excellent as were other dishes, such as their scallops and oysters. Overall I would have given this place four stars for all of their food, but it's a steakhouse and that's where I'm weighing my review.Also I know I'm from Chicago (and a lover of meats) when I looked at their menu and read that their 40 ounce porterhouse was for two and thought it should be for one.
4	You gotta pay to play in Vegas and it's no different with this place.  But, the bone-in ribeye is well worth it and not much more expensive than other nice steak joints out there.  Wine list was too snobbish ($$$) for my taste but hey if you love how the grape bursts with flavor on your tongue then you will enjoy it.  Waited a bit despite a reservation (why even bother with reservations?!) and was mildly amused by a poor man's Bellagio waterfall show by the entrance.  If you love a juicy steak and have actually made some money gambling, then this is your spot and if you won a lot of money then you might even order one of their wines.
3	For starters I'm not really a 'Steak Guy'.  I like steak enough I'm just rarely in the mood for it and it's never something i crave.We dined at SW @ The Wynn last night and while the staff was great and the wine list was well rounded I felt the food and the atmosphere were just OK.  The decor looks like just about any hotel restaurant in any big city and doesn't really have an distinguishing features.  The tables are nice and big and our table of 7 had plenty of room for glasses, side plates etc.  As for the menu the starters looked more inter sting then the mains for the most part.  I guess if you are looking for a straight-ahead steak then you'd not be disappointed.  The Roasted Hen was also quite nice as was the rack of lamb.  My heirloom tomato was trying a little to hard and over sauced.  Maybe I'm just not used to the no frills attitude that most steak houses tend to rock and need to adjust my expectations.  The nice thing about the Wynn is that there's always somewhere else to try.
3	Great food, but over priced...vastly overpriced...and small portions.  It isn't good enough for the price.  I would go to Flemmings before I eat here again.  If you have enough money it isn't a bad investment, but there is a lot better bargains out there with just as good food.
3	3.5 stars for this place.  nice, refined atmosphere, nice view of the mountain/waterfall thing.  great crab appetizer (crab prepared 4 ways).  steak was very whatever though.  3.5 star for this palce because i didnt spend a penny.  but id take ruths chris over this place anyday.
5	Great food. Good atmosphere and great service. Steak was perfectly prepared. Definitely recomended. It wasn't cheap but I guess nothing in Vegas is.
5	The best place to dine and by far my best meal in Vegas! I made a reservation there for my Birthday dinner, during my trip to Vegas. My girlfriends and I couldn't have been more pleased! I ordered a magnum bottle of champagne, the oysters on the half shell, oysters Wynn, and the crabcake appetizers. For entrees we ordered the Fillet Mignon, wild Scottish Salmon, and the sushi grade Blue Fin Tuna. The best tuna I've eaten since dinning at Morimoto's in Philly. To top off the meal we ordered the fabulous, little, chocolate souffle...AMAZING!   The whole dinning experience there was unforgettable! The atmosphere, food, service! We sat outside by the water which was just great because it is relaxing and every half an hour they have a little water show.    I highly recommend this restaurant. I do plan on returning if ever in Vegas again. Just be sure you're aware of the high prices that come along with the fine dinning experience!
3	Steakhouses are hard to review. Good steak is not actually that hard to come by. I cannot say that the steak here was somehow "so much more steak-y" than other fine establishments.But I can say that the these guys can do more than just steak. They think they're a french restaurant. The rest of the menu is stronger than most traditional steakhouse. It's good, but I won't say that their other dishes are as good a proper french restaurant.The steak was good, though. What I would recommend is that you order the steak "for two". It's served cut, and the kitchen does a much better job making the initial cuts than you would so little juice is wasted.Ok, so there's this weird "show" that you watch during dinner. Don't get your hopes up here; it stuck most as surreal rather than entertaining or even appetizing. It's very Cirque de Soleil.The show had to compete with the clientele. I've never seen so many attractive and well-heeled people in one restaurant in my life. Eye-candy abounds. Might want to iron your shirt before you come.So why only three stars? Low taste/dollar. I guess if you really want great French food in Vegas, you're better off going to a real French restaurant. If you want really good steak, you might as well pay a bit less and go to BOA or one of the many, many others.
4	Not much mystery about what this restaurant serves, eh? Now, as to the name...Steve Wynn has a healthy ego. This restaurant bears his initials (another restaurant - Wing Lei - is the Chinese version of his name). I'm not really a steak person. However, I had heard good things about SW, and in any case was trying to eat my way though Wynn.In some ways, the atmosphere is typical steakhouse: busy and noisy. There are lots of browns and tans. The restaurant has a view of the Wynn water show. However, my table was too far away to see anything except for colors reflected off the trees. Service was generally efficient, and courses were well paced. Minor issues: my server was slow to take my order; my server and various assistants came across as a bit impersonal.On to the meal!*  Foie Gras Duo. The first was pate de foie gras with specs of truffle, some fruit puree for sweetness, and toasted brioche. It was buttery, creamy, smooth, with pretty good flavor. Rating: good to very good. The second was sauted foie gras on a bed of nectarines and onions. It was a very large hunk of foie gras - rich and flavorful. It lost a few points because it was so thick that there was too much soft insides as compared to the seared outside. Still, very good to excellent.*  Filet Mignon with Three Sauces. The filet was about 2-1/2 inches thick, crusty, maybe with butter on it. It cut easily, was tender as could be, but also had excellent flavor - the best steak I've ever had. The Bernaise sauce was my favorite: thick, rich, tangy, wonderful in every way.*  Baby vegetables (string beans, yellow squash, carrots, pea pods). They were pretty good, but too crisp even for me, a crisp vegetable lover.Of the three steak houses I've visited (including Delmonico and StripSteak), SW Steakhouse is my favorite. That's from an admittedly small group of restaurants, but I was impressed.
3	The scallops, steak, nutella brownies, dirty martinis and duck l'lorange was superb. Dim lighting, casual attire.
5	My wife and I loved this place.  I can see why it is rated as one of the top steakhouses in Las Vegas.  My NY Strip was wonderful, but the halibut my wife ordered was extraordinary.  It could not have been more perfect.  The steakhouse is right next to the evening light show that the Wynn puts on.  We sat by the window and got a wonderful view of the goings on.  Get there after sundown to enjoy the show.  It is rather pricey, as are many of the Wynn restaurants, but it is worthy of a special occasion... like your wife's birthday.
5	I have never eaten a meal that made me want to stand up and rub beef all over my naked body in a restaurant...but damn it it's that F-ing good!!!!!!!!!!!I actually, ready for this...hold on for the shock ...spent $180 on a steak. Not a steak to share with a party of four, but A steak. Now I know what you're thinking...5 stars a $180 steak, I must hear more...and you shall.I have eaten at SW a few times now and never once even come close to JUST happy. I have always left ecstatic! The $180 steak was a true Wagyu Kobe beef steak and something that still brings tears to my eyes every time I think of it. The wine list is incredible and the deserts are out of this world. If you go when its not too hot they have a killer patio over a giant pond that spits out an occasional light show. While we were there the chef made the rounds and asked how the $180 steak was...did I tell you I paid $180 for a steak and was OK with it?To top the night off, there was a bachlor party of some kind in a private room in the back. At one point during the meal a Korean man came running through the restaurant with a bikini brief a hat with his clothes in his arms...and nobody looked twice. That;s why I love VEGAS!!!!!
5	I LOVE this Place!!!!  We always make a point to have a meal @ SW when we are visiting the Sin City.  We started our meal with Foie Gras, two dozen oysters, and  Sashimi salad.  They were all great, but my favorite is the Foie Gras!!! YUMMY!!!We ordered Seared Hawaiian Tuna, Halibut, Scallops, Rib Eye steak, and Filet Mignon. For side dishes we've ordered Au Gratin potatoes, Truffled creamed corn, and Creamed Spinach...  My Rib Eye was really tender and good... However, we ALL agree that the Seared Tuna was the BEST!!!!!  WOW,  it just melted in your mouth and was seasoned PERFECT!!!  We love this place.. However, the BEST was our most AWESOME Sommelier Noel.   His level of customer service and knowledge he has with wine is by far the BEST!!!!  He is one of the main reason why we LOVE SW Steakhouse so much!!!!  We finished our dinner by ordering cheese cake, sorbet trio, and cream Brulee.. AND by Noel's recommendation, shot of Nocello Walnut Liquor..  WOW, it was so delicious!!!  We walked out FULL and Happy!!!  I can't wait til our next Vegas trip!!!!
5	What does Rachel Ray say when she really really likes something, Yum-O!! This pace is Yum-O. Every bite was a culinary master piece - perfect food. I had the halibut and a friend had the ahi tuna, they were both so good. I wished I had the tuna too. The cheese cake dessert was amazing. The sides of cream corn and spinach were to creamy for me but I don't have taste buds or a digestive system that can do creamy anything. The wine was excellent the service was even better. If you can only have one meal in Las Vegas, you eat at SW. I think that says it all.
5	Our host got us last-minute reservations to the Steakhouse and it was the best!  My bone-in NY steak was mouth watering and cooked to perfection.  The accompanying 3 sauces were equally delicious - I dipped each bite of my steak into a different sauce each time and by the end of the meal, I still couldn't decide which sauce was my favorite.  My husband had the filet mignon and lobster - FANTASTIC!  Our best steakhouse meal ever!  Of course, service was right-on!
5	Recently usurped Peter Luger as my favorite steakhouse.  We ordered the porterhouse for 2 which was charred to perfection on both sides.  SW broils their steaks (as does Peter Luger and Ruth's Chris) which I think results in better flavor than grilling.  The meat was tender and full of flavor.  The steak came with a few sauces, which I completely ignored since i couldn't imagine putting anything on such a well-cooked steak.  As I was eating my steak, I thought, "The only steak that edges this one out is Peter Luger."Then I went to Peter Luger's twice in the following two months and no, Peter Luger's did not edge out SW.  SW was, in my book, a much better steak.The decor was setting was also very nice.  We had a table by the man-made pool thing where we saw some shows that looked like they came from a grown-up Disneyland on acid.
5	Best steak I have ever had.  My 12 ounce filet mignon was done perfectly as was companion's bone-in rib eye.  It was crisp on the outside and moist and tender on the inside.  Medium rare was perfectly executed.  The only downside were the sauces, the white (SW) one was okay, and the rest were inedible.  But, I went for the steak and not for the sauces.The bread was also excellent, and the sides were fantastic (creamed corn and yukon potatoes).  The atmosphere was wonderful.  Definitely go after dark.  The waterfall is so beautiful with different lightly, giving it a romantic and beautiful atmosphere.  Also, sit outside on the patio if you can.Cost is approximately $100 per person, but my steak was worth every cent!
5	Steakhouse perfection.The food and service were outstanding, and the water-feature, which all of the outdoor tables and some of the indoor tables have a beautiful view of, is absolutely gorgeous (the Lake at Bellagio has nothing on this water show at the Wynn).  Even if the weather is cool, I HIGHLY recommend getting an outdoor table. They have tons of space heaters and will also lend you a Pashmina wrap, if you're chilly. Save extra room for dessert. We split a fantastic key lime tart, and then the server brought exquisite handmade truffles with the check that I wished I had saved  more room for.
3	Bone In Rib Eye, Medium Rare. Enough said.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, this place is a must eat!!  I have never been disappointed!!  The food is always spectacular -- every piece of steak cooked to perfection! The service is impeccable!  And the ambiance is unforgettable!  It's pricey but worth every penny!
4	Tried quite a handful of steak houses in Vegas over the years and this came away with the best combination of service, appetizers, and steak.  The seared Toro at $35 is worth every bite, and the Chicago-style crusted/charred Rib Eye at 20oz is an excellent finish.  Portions so big we could care less about desserts.  Cut the grease with a fine red from their extensive selection, then head out to the bar for a light show and coffee.Steak has been the staple of many a customer meetings in Vegas, and I'll definitely be visiting this one on my own dime when I'm there.  Preferred the service , meat, and pricing to Prime in Bellagio, which was our destination the previous night.Would have been perfect if:- the steak accompaniments matched that of Prime- the waiter not knowing what a Caipirinha is ;-)
5	Had a great meal here and one of the best wines ever.   2003 El Nido from Jumilla Spain.
4	One of the more memorable 9 oz. filets I've ever had, just cooked to perfection with a nice outer crust.  Heaven with a pink center.Overall, a very good meal.  Wife had the Caesar salad, which I got to taste.  Very simple, very classic, very well done.  The crouton was amazing.I went for an appetizer special:  Tuscan salami and duck ham over greens and mushrooms.  The salami was excellent, but everything else seemed to be overly competitive on the plate.  There was a lot going on.I didn't care for any of the sauces that they present with the steaks, but then again I rarely put anything on a steak these days aside from the tines of my fork.I had a side of truffled creamed corn, which just didn't work for me.  I enjoy hints of flavors and found the truffle a bit over the top and overwhelming.Wife had the beef short ribs, which were outstanding, though I found the sauce to be a bit on the rich side.For dessert we shared a nightly special chocolate souffle.  It was amazing.  It was well accompanied by a very nice cup of cappuccino.The service was top-notch, attentive, and timely.  Overall, a very good experience worth the money.
5	I went with my cutie petutie for our anniversary and it was a memorable night.  The service was excellent... it felt like we had a 2:1 server to client ratio.  People were popping out of nowhere to refill water, bring us bread, serve appetizers and the main meals.  The food was great as well... our steaks were cooked to perfection and I recommend getting your steak topped with the crispy garlic and rosemary.  Absolutely fantastic!My cutie petutie didn't mind the water show and talked me out of reducing the rating from 5 to a 4.  I personally thought the water show was cheesy and almost distracting to the nice evening.  We already planned our next anniversary... we will be heading back the SW!
4	As with any Las Vegas experience SW Steakhouse is over-the-top and outrageously good. Choosing to remain at the bar as opposed to taking a table, myself and a friend must have spent 3+ hours sipping, tasting, and socializing in the bar. Nothing against the restaurant dining room, which is like most any other fine dining room in Las Vegas, but sometimes it really kills the buzz to sit-down for a quiet dinner when you're in the mood just to have a good time.So, instead we sat at the bar and socialized our way through various appetizers, entrees, and bottles of wine.  The chilled Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail was out of this world. Of course so was the price at $20, but it is Vegas after all. Nothing comes cheep, so be prepared to spend. We also had a caprese type dish, which was disappointing because of the mushy tomatoes, but I don't even know if it was on the menu so that's probably just what we get. Making up for that mistake we ordered the Filet with blue cheese that was amazing as well.The wine list was extensive, specifically focusing on big reds from California, Italy, and France. We had a bottle of Shafer Merlot and a Brunello (this was the second bottle so the name escapes me). Overall, our experience was quite enjoyable as I'm sure the bartender, hostesses, and any guest passing through the bar could attest to. Enjoy!
5	Went there with my girfriend on Spring Break. Probably one of the nicest and best restaurants I've been to. The view alone was worth the money!
5	Now this is what a Vegas steakhouse should be like.  Excellent service, delicious meal, great atmosphere, and a stunning waterfall in the distance.  Perfect.  It was way too hot outside, so we opted for an inside seat with a view of the waterfall.  The crab cakes for our appetizers were divine.  Our steaks, mine the filet, his the rib-eye, were both cooked to perfection.  The creamed spinach just melted in my mouth, and the potatoes au gratin was so rich and creamy - to our horror - we just couldn't finish it all!   How sad it was to watch them take it away.   We were too full to have any dessert.  Our waiter was very nice and made the overall experience of the restaurant a memorable last night of our vacation.As it should be, this is a 'nice' restaurant that prefers their guests to dress accordingly, and I've seen them turn people away.  Nothing irks me more than someone walking into a 5 star restaurant in ripped jeans and a dirty t-shirt, when everyone else is in semi-formal dress.  Make an effort.
5	Amazing seafood platter appetizer! Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.Sat by the waterfall and was offered a shawl as it cooled down.
5	This is hands down the best steak experience I've had in LV (for a casual quick steak fix that's always solid, N9NE steakhouse would be my other choice).  SW has everything I'm looking for in a 5-star restaurant: nice decor, spacious and comfortable seating, attentive and informed staff, full bar and extensive wine list, and of course, excellent food.  Try to set aside a couple hours to enjoy your meal as they purposely don't rush you here (especially if you plan to run through a couple bottles of red).  I've had one dinner that lasted easily three hours here one time (it's that relaxing here).  This is a great place to take a date or celebrate any occasion.  Anyhow, here are my dining comments:Wine:Ok, everyone has their own favorite varietals and labels so I won't go much further here...just wanted to mention that everytime I've asked the sommelier to surprise me based on the type of wine I like, I've never been disappointed.Appetizers:-Oysters on the half shell (the seafood here is always fresh and this always hits the spot on those hot Vegas nights)-Kobe Beef Carpaccio (it's good but nothing special)-Foie Gras (If you're a fan, I recommend you try it as I thought this was excellent)Entrees:Well this is a steakhouse so I've never honestly ordered otherwise but I have tried a friend's roasted sea scallops and they were pretty darn good.-Bone-in 20oz Ribeye (this is a home run)-Porterhouse (this is good when on a date as it's meant for two)-Veal Chop (juicy and tender but gets 8 out of 10 stars)Whatever meat you end up eating, make sure you order all three sauces on the side (Bearnaise, Jalapeno Tropical Fruit, and the SW Original).All the sides are ordered separately and I usually go for the garlic broccolini, au-gratin potatoes, or the creamed spinach.  Last time my friend ordered some french fries and when dipped in the bearnaise, it's pretty good.Dessert:I've always gotten the Dark Chocolate Souffle Cake which takes about 15-30 minutes to prepare so order it with your entree (Dr. Mean has made me a fan of this dessert).Misc:Reservations are always helpful but not necessary.  Expect to spend upwards of $100-200+ a head depending on how much you plan on spending on wine.  I've seen ppl get away with shorts here but it is a 5-star restaurant so dress accordingly.  Lastly, don't bother with trying to get a window seat to watch the waterfall show, it's pretty lame...unless you sit outside when it's not too hot.
4	I loved the crab cakes here! They were made perfectly, very flavorful. The decor is pretty and modern with dim lights and lit candles. Very romantic. The one thing I didn't like was how the tables were all so close to each other. The restaurant is pretty big but not roomy. Our server was great, he knew how to crack jokes which kept the mood more lively. Me and the bf both ordered the ribeye which came in a pretty big portion. Although it was missing a little flavor. There wasn't anything special about it so it was just average. I wanted dessert but we were just too stuffed from the steak. I def. regret that! Although our waiter knew it was our anniversary so he brought out a plate with some chocolate and on the plate it said "Happy Anniversary". That was sweet and it seriously made my night. I left happy and satisfied.
2	What a disappointment.  At a five star five diamond hotel, in a restaurant where you are going to spend $150 per person, it is reasonable to expect a great experience.  Unfortunately,  there were some rookie mistakes with our meal.  But even before we sat down there were some issues.  First, when my friend and I arrived for our reservation, they made us wait when there were clearly tons of two tops tables.  When we went to the bar for a glass of wine while waiting, the bartender was rude and made me feel like I was bothering him.  Not a great start.As for the food:For a starter, I ordered the procuitto parmesean fettucini for $16.  When it arrived it looked great, but when I dug in all I could taste was pepper.  Seems the chef went a little bit crazy with the grinder and I couldn't even taste any of the other ingredients.  The pasta was cooked properly, but it was really not good otherwise.  My friend ordered a fois gras that was off the menu for a starter (she likes it seared vs. the terrine they had on the menu).  It was great that they were happy to make something special, but when it arrived the texture was off and it was hard to cut through - which is ridiculous. I'm not sure how much they charged for this item, but the terrine was $21.  I'm guessing this was more.  Moving on to our main courses:  I had the diver scallops ($30 something) and Linda had the filet mignon ($52ish).   The steak was perfect (to me), but was cooked to the wrong temperature for her.  My scallops tasted like they had been dipped in black pepper first.  What is UP with the pepper?????  For sides we ordered the truffle creamed corn and the potato au gratin ($10 each).....yes, it was a carb fest!  Both were very good, but the texture of the corn was a little strange.The wines by the glass offering was awful.  They had two chards, one pinot grigio and a sauv blanc for the whites and ranged in price from $12 to $20 a glass.  I didn't check out the reds.  Since Linda and I have different tastes in wine, we didn't order a bottle and it's always a disapointment to have such limited options when spending so much.The two stars are for the service and for the bread basket.  Our server was attentive, funny and even seemed to enjoy his job.   And the bread basket was really good too.  It was filled with mini fresh french baguettes and these yummy bacon, cheddar buns.  The butter was room temperature and had interesting salts and olive oil drizzled over it.
3	Staying at the Wynn, so I checked this place out.  Had to wait a bit to get seated, they have a pretty decent bar....but a reservation is supposed to be a reservation, not a 20 minute wait.Pretty decent steakhouse....not too bad, not too great.....good (but not excellent) service, good meal, etc.  Some might think the environment is fantastic, others may find it tacky and annoying/over-the-top (green animated snakes and bs like that).  But hey, it's Vegas.The wine was fantastic (the sommelier obviously knew what he was talking about), the salad and appetizers were fine (always a fan of crabcakes), the steaks were decent (alot of people like the bluecheese on top, but I personally would avoid it next time I go).  But were they "divine", "cooked to perfection", "spectacular"?  Nah.The bottom line is this.....if you've been to solid steakhouses from wherever you're from, then SW might seem average.  For example, if you're from SF, and you've been to House of Prime Rib, Bobo's, etc, then SW is no big deal....just another expensive Vegas steakhouse that'll cost you $150/person.  Is it better than the other steakhouses in Vegas?  Yup, definitely.  Does the fact that it's at the Wynn, it has an "exclusive" reputation, and it's packed solid with beautiful people make SW a bit overhyped?  Yup, definitely.
5	Excellent filet mignon!  The servers are very attentive.  We came here with a party of 17 and they made sure that everyone was comfortable.  The only complaint that I heard was that the Salmon was not very tasty but keep in mind that this is a steakhouse so red meat would be the way to go!
5	I loved this restaurant! The service the food....all of it! Let me start with the yummy bread they bring out at the beginning of the meal. Soft warm rolls speckled with bits of smoky bacon and butter served with their butter drizzled in olive oil and truffles. This was a great start! I love my carbs so when the bread is good I have high hopes for the rest of the dinner and I definitely was not disappointed :)I started with the Crab Corn Chowder. So delicious! It was a generous serving served in a small crock pot. It was a smooth blend of creamed sweet corn with nice big chunks of crab meat. It had a slight spiciness to it but still mild where you just notice it. If I'm not mistaken it also had a small bit of a mild white cheese to top it off and a light garnish of parsley. So YUM!For my main course I chose the pan seared Halibut. Cooked absolutely perfectly served atop a tomato relish/puree. The fish had this great outer crust simply seasoned with just salt and pepper and the inside evenly cooked, flaky and so moist and flavorful! The menu is a la carte so I also ordered the butter roasted fingerling potatoes (I do love my carbs!) as my side. Again simply seasoned with salt, pepper and garlic and roasted in butter till tender. Finally, to top off the whole dinner they give you these absolutely delicious, chocolate truffles. My friend and I could swear that there was some type of flavoring in the chocolate but we were told that they were pure chocolate truffles, no flavorings added. Sooo very YUM!The whole staff was very attentive, but not overly bothersome, prompt, very friendly and courteous. I had a great time and a fabulous meal, I would definitely visit again!
4	I recently went to SW Steakhouse @ Wynn for a client dinner. Our party of about ten had a really enjoyable dinner. The menu includes, but goes beyond, typical steakhouse fare. Although most members of the group stuck to traditional offerings (lots of filet mignon - boring!), I went my own way and ordered the braised "Kobe style beef short ribs" for my main, preceded by a salad of green and white asparagus with quail egg, frisee and truffle viniagrette. I also ordered a side of truffled cream corn. In short, truffles for miles.The short ribs were terrific. Wonderful flavor and as tender as one would expect of the preparation. The meat was lightly coated in an Asian-style glaze that had only the tiniest hint of sweetness. Perfect. The dish was accompanied by truffled pomme puree (amazing) and root vegetables that in my wine-induced haze, I completely overlooked. While I loved the flavor of the creamed corn, there were bits of husk and corn silk mixed in that I could have done without.Unfortunately we didn't get to sample desserts. Our host very sneakily procured the check and asked us to join him one of his hospitality suites. They had an ice cream bar set up, but during the walk over there, my dinner caught up with me and I was too full for a sundae.The scene at SW was pretty fun given that the Olympic Men's Basketball Team was staying at the Wynn while in training. As we walked in, we were greeted by Kobe Bryant and family, and during the meal, lots of other players stopped by to great our group which, with one active player and two NBA legends, wasn't too shabby.  I have no idea how many bottles of wine we drank, or even what the red was (the white was a Sancerre...details have been forgotten if ever known), but I would put it somewhere around two bottles per person. When I had an after drinner drink with my mentor (who lives in Vegas) at the nearby Country Club Bar and he spilled port on my new cream colored dress, I was so tipsy that I [almost] didn't care. I do now.  Note: dinner only; reservations suggested.
5	Among the changes to Las Vegas is its rise as a restaurant town. And among your available options, steakhouses are particularly well represented. SW resides at the very top of that list. Notwithstanding the fact that most everything in Vegas is couched in hyperbole, the food, service, and ambiance are truly world class.
5	Eat here, now.This is hands down the best steak in Vegas.  I have eaten at craftsteak, stripsteak, n9ne, and some other OG steakhouses around town like blackstone and what have you. SW rules the Las Vegas steak universe.  I order the 8 oz filet mignon, medium rare.  I eat it while dipping it into one of the trio of lovely sauces, usually mixed together.For an appetizer I ordered the proscuitto wrapped asparagus with frisee, drizzled witha  truffle vinaigrette.  Eat it.  Eat it now.
4	I went here after reading these reviews. My parents were coming into town and wanted to have a night out and this was our first stop. Well worth it...
5	Its Steve's Wynn's steak house need I say more? I have to write this place up because it was the best dining experience I ever had.  If you're in the Vegas area and have some money to blow this place is it.  Everything is good from great steaks, great seafood appetizers and the best side dishes to compliment there steaks.  Service is 5 star like there hotel, it's the type of place where a waiter is there to refill your water with every sip.  I thought the show is actually distracting while you're eating but it's great why you wait for your table or afterwards with a drink.  I had the Caesar Salad, NY Strip and was lucky to be in a big group so basically got to sample all the sides.  SW Steak House is 5 STARS
3	I went to SW with a group of 7 and we had an early reservation of 6 pm. We had a nice table in the main dining room that faced outdoors. The space itself is very chic and well done, although the bathrooms are a bit tricky to find! Our waiter was extremely nice and patient with us, and gave good advice to some in our group on what to order. Definitely top notch service, which is what I would expect at a place like SW.However, the food was disappointing. My husband enjoyed his steak, but it didn't blow his mind. I tried a friend's goat cheese ravoli, and while they were good and made me wish I had ordered them, they could have used a bit more goat cheese. I also tried the scallops my friends split...those were good; not gritty and cooked very well. However, they didn't melt in my mouth to put them in the truly exceptional category. I ordered the Maryland blue crab cake appetizer. OK I appreciate the lack of filler and that it was almost entirely crabmeat, but it was missing the big chunks of crabmeat I look for in a really good crab cake (I'm from Maryland, so I'm picky). Also, it was much too moist for my taste. I don't like them too moist, but not too dry. The most appalling part of my meal was the caesar salad I ordered. Not only was it not that large (definitely not worth the $14 price tag it carried), but it was almost inedible. The dressing left a lot to be desired and the fact that it was drowning the lettuce did not help. My friend sitting next to me took a bite and if I had a picture for the face he made, it would have summed it up perfectly. Thank goodness I had $14 expresso martinis to drown out the taste of the dressing.For our group of 7, our final bill came to $500. Our waiter was very nice and reduced our bill by the cash we had and then put the balance on a debit card...not every restaurant is that accomodating. While $500 was not bad for a group of our size, all of whom had at least one alcoholic beverage if not two, I personally didn't feel that the food was worth what we paid. Any place that can't get a salad right...well is just not a place worth returning on a future visit.
4	My husband selected SW based on the most discerning of evaluation processes..he saw Dwayne Wade come out of SW on a previous trip while we were at Parasol Down. Yes folks, that is why we dined there. The space is very nice and finds a nice balance between trendy and classy, erring on the side of classy. (This is the Wynn afterall). The waitstaff was top notch and dealt with our rather loud party with grace, although I'm sure they have seen much worse. We were just loud. The wine list left much to be desired so I selected a martini- pear lychee- that was actually quite good. I'm normally not a fan of sweet drinks but this had a real pear sweetness to it and not an artificial flavor. We started with oysters, 2 types, which 2 of our friends loved. My husband thought they were very good, but not the best (reserved for NOLA Gulf oysters). For my entree I selected the scallops, which were some of the best, if not the best, that I've had since moving out west. One of my friends and I switched entrees halfway through so I could sample the seared tuna, which I found to be incredibly mediocre. The serving size was large but the lack of flavor detracted from the dish. My husband selected the filet mignon, which he said was just mediocre, only because it was a little overcooked. He had asked for medium and thought it was closer to medium-well, there wasn't much pink in the middle - since a filet is a fat piece of steak, medium usually means slightly charred on the outside but still pink in the middle (as opposed to medium rare which is slightly charred on the outside and very pink on the inside, or rare which is charred on the outside and red on the inside). In the end the bill for a party of 7 came to about $500 which I think is more than reasonable for the caliber of steakhouse that SW is. I would return to SW and I'm sure I will recommend it to friends.
4	I rarely give a place four stars if I don't plan to return there. SW Steakhouse will be an exception to that rule. Although my husband and I aren't huge steakhouse people, which is especially true when we go to Vegas and want to try something really different or exotic, and therefore probably won't go back to SW Steakhouse, we enjoyed our experience there this past visit and thought that the service and food were really good. We went with the group of 7 that Kristin S and Melissa H were also part of. I agree with Kristin that the restaurant's atmosphere is really nice--upscale without being over-the-top (a balance that is hard to strike in Vegas, I think). The bathrooms (located behind the bar) were also really sleek. I also agree with both of them that the service was attentive and professional. My meal flowed very nicely, and we were never short of refills on our water or alcoholic beverages. Speaking of drinks, my husband and I really enjoyed our dirty vodka martinis and thought they were really well-mixed. I also thought that my friend's ginger pear martini was really smooth and had great fruit flavor without being saccharin. I can't comment on the wine or beer selection since I didn't have (or think about having) either. In terms of food, we started off with a dozen oysters. Admittedly, I have not had the privilege or pleasure of tasting the best oysters our nation has to offer (part of the sacrifice you make by living in California and then Arizona), but I have still had many oysters in my time and thought that these were among the best. Many other upscale restaurants and bars in Vegas serve oysters, but they don't seem as committed as SW obviously did to serving the freshest and most flavorful. For entrees, I shared the scallops and ahi tuna with my friend. We found the scallops to be really well cooked (not grainy or overly tough) and super fresh (no metallic taste at all) and the accompanying pea/parmesan risotto to be hearty yet delicate, but the ahi tuna was very disappointing. It was overcooked and had a very bland taste to it; we definitely didn't taste the Meyer lemon that was supposed to be the dish's signature flavor. This alone is worth docking SW a star over, since I think ahi tuna is a dish that every restaurant worth the salt should be able to produce a good (even if standard) version of. I also tried a bite of my friend's steak and found it be very tender and flavorful, but I'm no steak connoisseur, so if you are deciding whether the steak at SW will pass the cut (no pun intended), I would read a few other reviews. The final thing I tried was my husband's goat cheese ravioli (ordered off of the appetizer section of the menu)--while the dish was un-original, the filling was rich and the ravioli perfectly al dente. Definitely a solidly flavorful dish. Overall, SW definitely delivered, although upon returning to Vegas (which will be soon, I'm sure), I'll probably take the $80 per person my husband and I spent at SW and spend it somewhere with a bit more focus on culinary innovation and creative execution.
3	Had some high expectations when we booked our reservation here. Friends from home highly recommended SW Steakhouse for the food, drink, and atmosphere. Sadly, I was underwhelmed with the most important part of that list - the food. The bone-in ribeye came cooked exactly as I requested but it was way too salty. Like whoa - go easy on that thick ass seasoning you guys rub into it. The three sauces provided for the steak puzzled me, as I'm used to eating steak two different ways - the fancy crap that is cooked well enough to eat 'as-is' (shout-out to my boys at Flemmings), and the Denny's cooked meat that I drown in A1 sauce. So yeah - if you need to provide sauce with your steaks, then you'd better be a family franchise with a kids-menu and crayons. I do recognize that some people may enjoy the sauces for some slight variations on their plate... but it ain't for me.There is a dress code here, but I didn't see it enforced for several people being served that night. I suppose if you roll in with some Uncle Benjamins, any rule can be broken in Vegas. Service was top-notch and the atmosphere is relaxing with the Wynn waterfall right outside the lounge area.Someone try the Wagyu Beef from Japan ($175 for 7oz) or the Ohmi Beef ($245 for 7oz). I wasn't crazy enough to order those, but I figure if you hit the jackpot, then you might as well try it and tell us how it is... along with the strippers you hire that night afterwards. Word.
4	I generally think the food in Vegas is either crap or over priced - until I ate here. I also can't get my Mom to go into a nice restaurant unless they allow you to wear jeans (she thinks it's too frou frou) - thankfully we were weighed down w/ shopping bags and she was pretty tired - so dinner at the bar it was. The crab cake (yes there is only one) was awesome. The kobe carpaccio (a big 'ol plate of it) was amazing. The fried capers made it perfect. The cesar (they split in half) was good as were the yummy cheese crackers on top. Cocktails were good and strong. Bartenders were funny and provided great service. I was excited to eat somewhere in Vegas that actually tasted good - it was sorta like eating at home (in SF that is) and I like that. I will definitely be back - hopefully in the summer so we can watch the show that goes on outside every half hour. 4.5 Staaaaars
3	My husband and I ate here for Xmas day dinner.  The service was excellent and the wine menu was very impressive and also reasonable.  We both started out with the roasted vegetable salad.  It was good but I thought there was too much dressing (I'm not a big dressing person).  Also, the portion was so huge that neither of us could finish it in order to save room for the main course.  For our entrees I ordered the scallops which I thought were excellent and my husband ordered the chicken which he could hardly eat because it was too dry.  Definitely the highlight of the meal was our dessert, the chocolate souffle.  It was absolutely amazing!! My husband, who doesn't even like chocolate, was addicted to it.  It was accompanied with a rum flavored whipped cream and cherries.  It was to die for!!!
4	SW was a very good steakhouse, but nothing extraordinary. The environment is what you'd expect, crowded, loud, and dark. We had to wait a bit to get our table, even though we had a reservation, but no big deal. The service was attentive and professional. One warning, the corkage fee is high!!! I believe it was somewhere between $75-100! Now onto the food...Appetizer: Caesar Salad and Asparagus Vinaigrette Mix. Both were large enough to be shared and tasted good. I did not care for the asparagus dish, but my date loved it, so I assume it was just me.  Entrees: Two steaks, one fillet and one new york strip. Both were cooked perfectly, and tasted great. Exactly what you would expect from a premier steakhouse.Sides: Creamed Spinach and Crimini Mushrooms. The mushrooms were great ad the spinach was just average, ever since I had a quail egg on top of my creamed spinach (at CUT), I can't go without it.Price: I think it was right around $300 for the two of us... Not CheapOverall, its a good steakhouse. Good service, wine list, steaks, and atmosphere. I would go back, but not as a first choice.
5	This is one of the best steak houses I have ever been too. The atmosphere is intense with a great show at the water fall. Aside from that they are known for their tender steaks and amazing martinni's if thats your fancy. I went twice while I was in Vegas during CES and I certainly will be back there again soon
5	The lamb chops are delish and the ricotta gnocchi are not that bad either. Totally cleaned out my plate!Seats were outside patio next to the water and the show is kind of weird.
5	I was a waiter throughout college at a nicer restaurant. When I go to a pricier spot, I know the key things that I'm looking for: Stellar Service and Food. You should not have to compromise on either, when you are paying this kind of coin. SW did not disappoint, and this little Piggy went to town on the following foods: - 8 oz Filet w/ Crab Meat- Carpaccio - Geese Fau Guais (Forgive the Spelling)- Blue Point OystersAlso with my dinner, I had some great mixed drinks and a stellar Cab (Anomaly). I would definitely recommend this to anyone, who is looking to spoil themselves with great service and food, while they are in Sin City.
3	I am going to have to say I was a bit disappointed with this place. It was nothing but just your average run-of the mill steakhouse. The night we went here, it wasn't that busy but our server pretty much forgot all about us. We heard her chatting with the other table next to us and decided that since they were ordering the $135.00 steak, she thought they were more worthy of her time than we were. My steak was alright, nothing special and I have had better. Our sides were ok as well. I don't think I would go here again because if I had the money, I would go to Delmonico's in the Venetian instead.
4	im a huuuuuuge steak snob and have been to most of the nice steakhouses in every city and i looooooved the steak at SW. my bf and i ordered the bone in rib eye and it was seasoned and cooked perfectly and i craved it for the whole wknd while i was in vegas. it comes with 3 dipping sauces but i preferred the steak by itself. their sides, not so impressive. really good appetizers and salads (i had the kobe beef carpaccio and wedge salad with blue cheese and the biggest piece of bacon ive seen in my life). atmosphere was perfect and i would go back again and order another starter instead of a side.
4	the sides were dry and flavorless, the corporate team building event i was at had us sequestered in a back room away from the alleged light show, i had to sit next to my boss, but holy crap the steak was delicious.  a heavily marbled rare new york strip crispily crusted with pepper?  i'll take it.  plus it had that sweet unmistakable taste of expense account.
2	I went here last August for my GF's B-day. The ambience and service were tremendous. The food was highly unimpressive for a place this nice and this expensive. Food wasn't cooked to order, and the overall quality and taste of the steak and sides were just ok, and not for this price. I will definitely try a different steakhouse when I go back.
3	Hearing on how fastidious Steve Wynn is about things I had high expectations when I came here.  Don't get me wrong, the place is nicely decorated (elegant), service was stellar, but the steaks...ehhh...not as good as I had hoped.  Vegas is filled with great steak places (BOA, Craftsteak, Charlie Palmer's, Del Frisco's, Hanks) that I can't rank this place ahead of any of those.
3	The bf and I decided to check out SW, a steakhouse named specially after the man himself, Steven Wynn. Our reservations were on Monday night at 8:30pm and when we arrived, we were asked to sit and wait. The restaurant was full of what looked to be like groups of businessmen having dinner after work and old married couples. We had to wait 20 mins for our table so I was expecting this to be a great experience with it being so busy on a Monday night and filled with people that seemed like regulars. The first strike was our table, we usually like to sit next to eachother but they placed us at a table where you had to sit across from eachother and it was unusually long, making it harder to hold a conversation. In addition, we got stuck in the corner right next to the kitchen. With the night being so full, it was obvious and understandable our server would be busy but he was not attentive at all. The bf ordered the lamb chops ($42) cooked medium with creamed corn ($10) as the side. It was cooked right and not gamey at all for him, but he didn't like the bleu cheese crust on it. The creamed corn was ok, it was a bit too liquidy/runny for my taste. I ordered the appetizer portion of the lobster fettucine for $18, their dinner size was $36. My dish was good, the lobster was meaty and plentiful. The appetizer portion was about the size of your hand but it was filling enough for me. For dessert we decided on their selection of homemade ice creams and sorbets. Our choice of 3, we chose passion-fruit mango, lemoncello gelato, and mixed berry. The passion-fruit mango was very sour, we couldn't even finish it. The lemoncello gelato tasted like vanilla bean with a lemon kick aftertaste. The mixed berry was the winner of the 3. It wasn't too sour or sweet but a good balance, the bf said it reminded him of a dole ice cream bar. All in all, I don't think this place is as great as it is hyped up to be. The food was alright. The hostesses seemed snobby. Our server wasn't friendly. He walked past us several times after it was obvious we were ready for the bill. This was an experience but definitely not a restaurant where we'll be having dinner again.
3	Been here twice.  As with everything in Wynn this place is top notch.  One time I had the filet mignon which actually was a bit disappointing.  Was just okay.  Second time I had the wagyu kobe beef which was out of this world!  We had foie gras for appetizer which was awesome!  I also had a gazpacho that tasted like chopped peppers and tomatoes in water.  Its a good dining experience.
4	the setting inside the restaurant was really nice. we didnt sit outside since it was very hot. the food was good, but didnt stand out from any of the other vegas restaurants ive tried. i ordered the ribeye which tasted like a ribeye i could make at home. the sides were decent as well. the only thing that surprised me was their cheese bread...awesome! but overall service and food were just okay
4	Went to the SW for a Monday night dinner with colleagues. None of us had been here before.The appetizers were fairly meh, quite frankly. We got the Seafood Spectacular (mix of a king crab legs, shrimp, scallops, oysters, and something else that we couldn't determine what it was).The side dishes themselves were also bland and unexciting. We got the black truffle creamed corn (barely any black truffle taste, more runny than creamy.)Ok, so why the 4 stars then? Everything I've written so far should be indicative of 3 stars... maybe. The steak... wow. Well, this place IS called a steakhouse for a reason.I had the 9 ounce fillet, medium (I know, how boring... but I wasn't super hungry and my significant other didn't want to share the chateaubriand).It was perfectly seared, the perfect color of red/pink in the middle, tasted heavenly and once the plate was empty, not a single drop of blood to be found. OH, I cannot believe what an amazing steak that was.Finally, the desserts were fairly meh as the chocolate layer cake, vanilla creme brulee, and peanut butter banana fudge brownie were just okay.
5	Clearly one of the most opulent, elegant and notable steak houses in the city of Las Vegas. The service is impeccable and the food is first-rate. The steaks are so flavorful that you do not need any sauces whatsoever. Yes, this place is expensive but it is well worth the price.
5	Located at the Wynn, SW Steakhouse is one of the most sophisticated steakhouse with an expansive wall of glass windows overlooking an outside patio with a waterfall.  Service is as polished as the decor and the food was absolutely amazing!My boyfriend and I ordered a Chile Rubbed Double Rib Eye (42 ounces) http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/6Tmjg1p2U8EYaySIqHKC3g/l  http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/3ANdRKAPaezXHTim2WJ7bg/l  with a side of au gratin potatoes http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/AEJ3iNao509CxEEBhrtXfg/l .  Definitely one of the best Rib eye steak I have ever tasted.  Cooked perfectly medium rare just the way I like it, it came in this huge hot plate that kept the steak warm until we were done eating it.  I didn't think we would finish it all, but we ended up eating everything. The gratin was good, but it was too much flavor to eat with the Chile flavor on the Rib Eye.I definitely don't get to dine out like this all the time.  I wonder if I would appreciate it as much if I were to dine like this all the time...  5 stars!I definitely want to come back here again!
4	The food was great.  From the appetizers to the deserts it was very good.  The service was solid and the scenery is very good.  The atmosphere is very dry because of all the business people eating there.
4	There are some days when you just have to splurge. And splurging in Vegas isn't cheap. But it's sometimes worth it. And worth it it was at SW Steakhouse. The filet mignon was exactly as I ordered. A delicious sidecar to get things going and washed down the steak with a beautiful pinot noir.The service was impeccable. We had tickets to a 9:30pm Le Reve show and they still comfortably sat us around 8pm. We didn't feel rushed once. It was a special dinner for a special evening.
2	I had high hopes for this place, especially since Steve Wynn has his name (or initials, at least) attached to it. After eating at many A-plus steakhouses in NY and NJ, I was expecting the same, if not better in terms of food quality and ambience. SW left me feeling rather cold, though. First of all, the atmosphere is kind of dull. Yes, the restaurant opens up to the "Lake of Dreams", but if you don't sit outside or near the door, like we didn't, then you don't get to see any bit of the lake or the waterfall. The interior of the restaurant is kind of sparse and cavernous, and just didn't feel very comfortable. Unfortunately, the food was no better: Appetizer: Caesar salad. Meh -- nothing special about this. Just your basic Caesar salad.Main Course: Rack of Lamb. Sad to say, this was not good at all. While the flavor was good, the lamb was loaded with fat and there were two pieces that I could barely eat at all. I know, I know, you go to a steakhouse to eat steak and not lamb, right? Well, the lamb is on the menu, so it should be just as good as everything else. And this was not. Dessert: No thanks. I was still turned off by the lamb. All in all, not a very satisfying experience. I'm sure there are other steakhouses in Vegas that are much more worth my time.
5	Another flawless fantastic meal at SW. Perfect steak, don't miss the truffled cream corn or the grilled asparagus salad.  Wonderful service, great flavors, good wine and delicious cocktails. Really, that's all I have to say about that.
3	I had expected this to be better, as it was the main steakhouse at the Wynn where we were staying, but I left feeling a little underwhelmed. The filet I ordered was great. But I am VERY picky about steak at steakhouses. If I'm at a steakhouse, all of which are pretty much the same, I expect the steak to be perfect. It's the wine list, service and other dishes that make or break it. And in this case, the tomato and mozzarella salad was less than mediocre - they used tiny shriveled tomatoes without much flavor. The sauteed veggies on the side were a bit soggy. When I order a side of veggies, I'm trying to balance out the heart attack aspect of the meat, not clog my arteries with more oil.The wine we had by the glass was lovely and the service was fabulous, as was the dancing froggie in the Lake of Dreams. I would recommend SW, but again, wasn't wowed by the experience. Next time, go to DB next door for a much better and more interesting meal.
4	4.75 stars...I know who gives a .75 rating?It was almost perfect.  If only it had been free!The experience was amazing.  My boyfriend and I had a special night planned with a nice dinner and a Cirque Du Soleil show.We arrived at SW Steakhouse about 5-10 minutes early and were seated after a minute inside at a table looking at the waterfall.  After a couple minutes, the servers opened up the floor to ceiling glass doors so it was like we were sitting outside.  The view was the best in the place.We were greeted promptly and served a bottle of Panna.  The service is so cohesive and together it's amazing!  Everyone was helping to take care of everyone else.  The crab cake here was awesome!  My boyfriend got the caesar salad which was really good too.  For our main courses, I had the scallops which are served with english pea risotto and a black truffle sauce.  I got five huge scallops!  Well worth it, the dish was a little salty though.  My boyfriend had the 9 oz. filet with potatoes au gratin and sauteed mushrooms and leeks...mmmm buttery creamy goodness.  We finished off with a chocolate souffle with some cherries and creme anglaise I think.Soooo good.The only downside is that there wine selection is REALLY overpriced.  One glass of wine ranges from $18-22.Overall, it was great.
2	Had my 4th trip to SW, started as 5 stars for me, now its 2-star at best.  Why?  The attitude of the service staff.  Its too stuffy for what the place is.  I would expect this attitude at a place with the decor of a Prime at Bellagio.  However at Prime we actually had a cool server.  This is my 3rd straight really bad experience.  And not that it was inefficent service, it was just drab food quality compared with Botero and Okada the previous two nights.  At this $550 for 3 people price point I expect a little more pizzazz and suggestion to the offering...not just the typical drive-thru whadya want and here ya go.I would probably have gone two stars except for two things.  First, the big seafood appetizer crab included one split tail, fine, and 3 non-split claws with no cracker or shrimp fork--WTF.  I didn't wear my hammer so we sent it to the kitchen for cracking.  We all tried but it was thick claw shell.Second, the filet I had was dull and flavorless compared to the exact same menu item at Botero two nights prior.  It also didn't have the proper enjoyable char of my earlier visits to SW.The service has always sucked, but now the food sucks as well?  Peace out SW----I won't be back.
4	This place has, in my opinion, the BEST "Charred" steak ever.  That is, if you like your steak very seared.  What you want to get is the Bone-in Rib Eye, don't order any other meat on the menu, you won't need to try them.The reason of why you should only get the rib eye is also the reason why I regretfully had to remove one star from my review.  NOT everything is spectacular at SW, in fact, on my 2nd visit I've decided to try the Chili-rubbed Porterhouse and turned out to be a disappointment.  So once again, I highly recommend the seared Rib Eye, and one other dish I am positive is delicious is Lobster Bouillabaisse.  (It might not be there anymore though but I could be wrong)They also offer $20,000 bottles if you happened to have hit the jackpot...  I went with the $50 bottle... which is probably $5 at BevMo.Cheers!
3	I ordered the rib eye and it was charred perfectly! The meat was also cooked nicely with great marbling. My fiance also loved the charring on his filet. He did his "test" of cutting a piece with his fork to test the tenderness, it passed. So, we both loved the texture BUT we felt it wasn't flavorful enough. I'm not sure, but it could've been aged longer, maybe. We ordered the "tots" and truffled potatoes for sides. The tots were kinda blah and the potatoes were ok. It had a nice truffle flavor to it, but I thought it was too watery. The service was fine. Not sure how much the bill was, but the prices were comparable to other fine dining steakhouses.
4	The steaks are cooked perfectly!  They are perfectly charred.  I got the fillet and I was able to cut it with my fork.  The flavor of the steak itself was just ok though.  The sides were good and the staff was very polite.  I'd recommend this restaurant to steak lovers!
4	Steve's signature restaurant SW steakhouse is located downstairs next to Daniel Baloud and the Parasol bar.  We were seated outside next to the Lake of Dreams with a perfect view of the waterfall and the visual spectacular that Las Vegas is known for was before us.  Every 30 mins or so they do a show where you get either a frog or another type of visual and a song.  Very cool...I got the filet with bearnaise split the wedge with my hubby.The wedge was topped with tons of blue cheese and a slab of bacon.  I kid you not, a thick slab of bacon.  It was tasty, but the chewy bacon was just meh.The real delight was the perfectly charred filet mignon.  It had a nice salt and pepper crust and was cooked to perfection.  Probably one of the best steaks I've ever had.  The creamed spinach was nothing special, but the creamed corn was fresh, tender and seasoned with a touch of black truffles.  It was fantastic.  The service was top notch and every one worked over time to make sure that my husband had a great birthday dinner.  The one thing I cant get used to is people smoking.  There's nothing worse than trying to enjoy a good meal and someone blowing their cigarette smoke in your face.
5	Absolutely the best steak I've ever had.  I felt like I was making out with it as I ate it.  Best Caesar salad too!  The light/frog-thingy show on the water wall was fun too.  Definitely recommend SW.
5	This is as good as it gets.  After I got married we spent part of our honeymoon in Vegas.  I did my research to find the best steakhouse in Vegas.  All signs pointed to here.  Wife and I dressed up nice and took a cab to the Wynn.  The atmosphere is out of this world.  We had a seat right along the waterfall and was treated to some of the trippiest artistic visuals I've ever experience (and I've visualized quite a bit if you know what I mean)  I got the ribeye and wife got the filet with bleu cheese.  We both made grunts and groans with every bite.  I was so impressed.  This was the best steak I have ever had.  Our meal cost a lot of money, but we knew that going in.  This was probably one of the most memorable dining experiences I have ever had.  I hope one day I can go back.
5	My favorite steakhouse in Vegas. The steak is absolutely amazing!  Their desserts are excellent too.Their staff is super friendly. They made sure we got everything we wanted.I was seated next to the waterfall the 1st time I went there, and the show was very cool. When we went back the 2nd time, they were doing maintenance, so we were a little disspointed that we couldn't watch the show.
5	hands down - the BEST steak i ever had! i am a true red-meat lover and have had some really good steaks. up until my experience at SW - peter luger's was at the top of my list...but i have to say, this was a great dining experience from start to finish. (i am glad that we didn't eat much that day to save our appetites for dinner!) we were a 4-top and started with the foie gras ( we asked for it grilled instead) and kobe beef carpaccio. both very good - and a perfect start to dinner. 2 of us had the 20 oz bone-in rib eye and the other 2 had the special "tomahawk rib eye" (40 oz!) - everything was cooked to perfection! (see pictures). we also went with an array of sides - truffle creamed corn, parmesan creamed spinach, au gratin potatoes and onion rings. they were all excellent but if i had to recommend one over the others - it would be the creamed corn an au gratin potatoes...mmmm. dessert - check out my picture of the funnel cakes! great presentation and it was awesome. i have to also say that service was excellent. nothing could ruin a meal more than bad service - but we had wonderful and attentive service from john (i hope i remembered his name after the food coma). dinner was about $400 - this included all the above food, drinks and over 20% tip. worth every penny. can't rave enough and i can't wait for another visit.... fyi - business casual dress code (jeans are okay) and better make reservations well in advance.
5	This is one of the best steaks I've ever had. I had the 20 oz rib eye and the meat was so juicy and just cooked right. As sides I had the cream corn and the au gratin potatoes and they were also really good. For dessert I got the caramel cheesecake and it was so rich that I simply wasn't able to finish it.  Service here is also great our waiter was Chris and he did a great job. Definitely the best steakhouse in Vegas. P. S. Make reservations as soon as possible if you plan on coming here.
4	great great steak..this was my first time staying in the wynn/encore and we are so glad we chose SW for our first meal. we were all in a rush to hit up the nightlife so we skipped appetizers and went right to the porter houses. there were 8 of us and most of us split a couple of porter houses. The meat was cooked perfect and i sware everyone got a steak knife but me and i just used the butter knife to cut my steak. it was so tender and had SO much flavor. probably my second best steak i ever had. Kean's NY and Luger's NY are at my top. the sides were tiny but all were so very good especially the potatoes. we used to make charlie Palmer's our Vegas steak place but now it will have to be SW... good job Steve now just get rid of Sinatra's at encore...
5	The best steakhouse I have been to. Ordered the ribeye with a side of au gratin and creamed corn. Each bite was perfectioN!
4	This won't be a fair review because we had a show to watch at 7pm but got our food at 6:20pm so we had to scarf down EVERYTHING.  However, I will review the outstanding aspects of our speed eating.Bacon and cheddar au gratin - OMG, those were SO AMAZING.  It was melty, gooey, cheesy, salty, and delicious.Truffle creamed corn - the texture is a bit odd since it's like chopped up bits of corn, not the entire kernel, but the flavor is still all there.  the truffles add this intense kick at the end, loved itFilet mignon - i ordered mine medium rare and it came out almost well done.  i had no time to complain so i just scarfed that meat down.  it was still very tender and juicy but i'm sure it would've tasted even better if it wasn't so overcooked.next time we'll schedule out at least 2-3 hours to actually enjoy our meal instead of being super ghetto and asking for the check and to-go boxes right when our food came out.
4	I'll keep it short...AMAZING FOOD! You should definitely try this place for the great dishes and great ambiance. However, they lose a star because we had the worst servers ever! (I think this was a fluke, we had 2 servers and they both ignored us and didn't check up on us. As a former bartender, I was pissed at their behavior and attitude. I will try again because I'm sure it was just these 2.)
5	Oh, hell yeah!  That's going to be my response when going to the SW Steakhouse is ever suggested to me.  Start with the room itself.  It's an incredible space, high ceilings, great decor and oh yeah, there's a big lake and a light show outside the window.  Nice!  Oh, and I guess I should mention that there is an array of supermodel looking women who could not possibly be eating the steaks roaming about.Next, I want to talk about the cocktails.  The bartenders here are real pros.  They do an excellent job crafting their drinks.  Go old school and drink what your grandfather would have drank here.The food is wonderful.  I would rank Strip Steak higher, but by no means should you take that as a signal to bypass SW Steakhouse.  Just go to Strip Steak one night and then SW Steakhouse the next :-)  The steaks are cooked perfectly.  They come with a selection of three sauces.  Try the tropical jalapeno once just to see if you like it.  It wasn't for me, but they have a delightful bernaise and a surprisingly good steak sauce as an alternative.  The sides I've had there are excellent.I can't speak to the desserts because I typically go right to the extensive selection of fine scotches after dinner.  So there you have it.  Steve Wynn just does stuff right again.
4	Just got back from a convention in Vegas. We had a party of 10, and this was the best dinner of the week. The dinner was not cheap, but well worth it. For anyone going for the first time, here are my recommendations: Seating- try your best to get near the waterfall Apps- the raw seafood tower was excellent. It included crab legs, oysters, shrimp, lobster, and tuna tartar. Steaks- The bone in 20 oz Rib-eye is the way to go. Several in our party split it as we had a lot of food. Sides- typical ones, and were good. Deserts- we had the funnel cakes and choc souffle. Def a must. We also ate at Craft, and I thought SW steaks were better. Craft was slow service as well. The only issue we had, was at the front bar, we found the bartender ignored us as we wanted another round. In fact, everyone at the bar was laughing at him, bc he kept blowing us off. Minus 1 star! With so many places to go in Vegas, add this to your list to try. We still had a great dinner bc the steaks were so good.
4	Great great steakhouse at the wynn - my favorite in Vegas. a buddy of mine had a great laid back several course dinner here prior to going out on a saturday night. The service was stellar and not snooty at all which you can sometimes expect from places like this. The 3 dipping sauces for my filet were worthy of an equal division of attention and the table to the rights ordering of a $700 glass of scotch wad a nice touch.
4	Prior to our most recent trip to Las Vegas, my New York friends had been talking about SW Steakhouse non stop.  "You have to try it, I can't wait to go back, best steakhouse ever" and so on.  Either my expectations going in were way too high, or SW just didn't deliver this time.  Don't get me wrong, it's a very good, very expensive steakhouse.  But best ever?  To quote Jim Carrey from Liar, Liar, "I've had better."  As for the "value-for-the-money," let's just say that Terrell Owens is proving to be a better value to the Buffalo Bills.  Football fans know what I am talking about.SW Steakhouse is located just below the main casino floor, overlooking the beautiful fountain (if you are lucky to get a table by the fountain).  We didn't.  The four of us were seated right in the middle of the room, at a large rectangular table with a snow white tablecloth.  The only view we had was that of the beautifully dressed women walking to and from their tables.  Yeah, I had no, ahem, beef with the sights.Our waitress was incredibly chatty and helpful in the very beginning.  She answered all of our questions and replied to every special request with a cheerful "That shouldn't be a problem."  We talked about steaks, discussed her second pregnancy and contemplated the role of mustard and horseradish in today's turbulent economic climate.  I am not exaggerating one bit.  However, towards the end of the meal, our waitress seemed to have disappeared altogether, resurfacing not nearly often enough to check up on us.My friends brought 2 bottles of wine with them, and the sommelier gladly opened and decanted them . . . for a corkage fee of $50 a pop.  That's $100 in corkage fees alone, for those of you keeping score at home.  This is definitely on the higher end of the corkage range.We ordered 4 appetizers ($16-$22 each).  I cannot speak to the quality of the shrimp cocktail or the crabcake due to my extreme aversion to shellfish.  I can speak, however, to the quantity: 3 jumbo shrimp and 1 crabcake, respectively.  That'll be $40, please.The tuna and yellowtail tartar was by far my favorite appetizer, although the fish dish was simple and unoriginal.  The presentation was all Vegas, but the taste was . . . well, also all Vegas.  The chopped salad was refreshing but on the bland side.We ordered three steaks: the 18-oz bone-in New York strip ($52), the tomahawk dry-aged 32-oz ribeye ($78) and their signature 42-oz chile rubbed double ribeye ($98).  The strip was mine, although my friends gave up on their steaks pretty quickly, so I got to try all of them.  The strip was very good.  It was cooked perfectly and all but melted in your mouth.  I should not have let my friends talk me into getting the jalapeno rub on my steak, however.  It was deceptively strong, and it overpowered any and all flavors of the $50 steak.  Although I am not a fan of ribeye, I have to say that theirs was delicious.  The dry aged ribeye was served on a gigantic bone hanging off the plate (cue The Flintstones music here).  The dry aging made the beef even more flavorful.  The chile rubbed ribeye was pan fried and juicy.  I was a little disappointed that the end pieces were FUBAR (fried up beyond all recognition).  Still, 5 big stars for the meat, with a 1/4 star deduction for the unnecessary jalapeno flavor.The sides were $10 a pop, which is at the upper end of the range as well.  For $10 they were extremely small, and could hardly have been shared by 4 people.  The creamed corn with truffles tasted watery.  The mushrooms and the potatoes au gratin were good, but ordinary.We shared two desserts, the chocolate souffle cake and the funnel cake.  The chocolate souffle was as uninspired as it gets; it tasted very rich but it was no different from any other chocolate souffle you'd get in any upscale restaurant.  The funnel cakes, on the other hand, were phenomenal.  Shaped like funnel donuts, they were hanging off the cast iron twigs set on the plate.  It's hard to describe, but it looked like a mini sculpture of twigs decorated with round funnel cakes.  Wow.  They were served with chocolate covered strawberries and 3 dipping sauces: chocolate, salted caramel and creme anglaise.  Oh man!  That funnel cake dipped in creme anglaise - yum!  It's not like the funnel cake you get at a ballpark or at a state fair.  I mean, sure, it's still fried dough and it's still bad for you, but that's where the similarities end.Our dinner, including the corkage fee and the top cost us $580 or $145 per person.  I really enjoyed the steak and the funnel cakes, but SW is hardly worth the money.  I would take my business to Morton's, Del Frisco or Prime.
3	SW is the perfect place for a business dinner. I've had better steak at the Nine at the Palms, but the SHOW and the view here are spectacular. Your corporate guests will be over the top pleased. Located in the Wynn hotel, on the lower level, the restaurant is in cased in all glass with outdoor seating that looks out to a waterfall that cascades into a still body of water. On the top of the waterfall there is a gigantic fabric frog lite up and sways in the wind. Once the show starts, the frog disappears and huge flowers come out from the wall. It's Vegas fabulous for sure. They have the water show about every 30 minutes that will have you and all your guests mesmerized. No one does it like they do in Vegas. The show is spectacular. 3 1/2 stars for food 4 stars for the ambiance and show Best place for a business dinner, or to impress first timers to Vegas.
3	The food was very good, can't complain. Actually the tater tots were exquisite, but for the price, the steak was not up to par, and the atmosphere was too loud and boisterous due to the water show to come off as a 5 star restaurant. Great meal, but sorry guys!
4	Great steak, good crab cake, excellent kobe beef carpaccio, chocolate souffle was delish.  next time I'll bring my own wine to save some $$.  will definitely be back!
4	Took the bf here for his b-day and they seated us outside by the waterfall, really beautiful. Their steaks are excellent (almost comparable to Mastro's in LA). Started off with the the oysters and crabcakes (yum!). For our main course we got the bone-in rib eye and filet along with some creamed corn (yum!) and crimini mushrooms (that was ok). Then for dessert we had the funnel cake and chocolate covered strawberries (enchanting presentation...double yum!!).  Will definitely be back again!
4	Took me a couple of mediocre steakhouse dinners before I realized how good this place is. The wine is out there in left field somewhere but everything else is quality. It's Steve Wynn, he makes money by spending money and he did it well here.
4	If you are in Vegas, you should try SW Steakhouse.  The setting, the room, and the light show are all outstanding.  My partner and I had the chopped salad which was very good.  I had a fish dish which was also very good while my partner had the veal chop which she reported to be excellent (I had a bite and can confirm this assessment).  SW would have received 4 1/2 or 5 stars from me except for the fact that our waiter disappeared for about 20 minutes .  No where to be found.  No one to pick up the slack.  As if he went to the moon and back.  Maybe he was having a quickie in the pantry.If you eat here, you will not be disappointed, but ask questions if you lose your server for more than 5 minutes.
5	best steak i've had. we were lucky that i had won big at vegas and were able to splurge a little. everything was cooked perfectly and was delicious. service was also very good as well. i would recommend this to anyone going to vegas. one weird thing was the karaoke going on in the background.
4	Wonderful food, wonderful service, wonderful decor.  Main criticisms:1. Too loud.2. Tables too close together.
5	Great steak. Amazing shrimp Appetizer.  Get smoked Bleu cheese on your filet. Expensive cuisine. Let's put it this way, Jason Giambi was sitting at the next table from us. This is a top five steakhouse in my book.
4	This is inside Wynn hotel facing the Lake of Dreams.  We had dinner there at night.  The hotel runs mini automated shows at the Lake of Dreams every half an hour or so.  If you manage to get a table with a window view, you would see the shows while you enjoy your meal.The food was expensive, but good.  Service was good too.They have dress code.  Business casual.  Gentlemen require at least a shirt with collar and a pair of designer jeans with no holes.  Jacket is optional.  Of course you can wear anything more formal than that.  No spec for ladies though.  The lack of lady dress code reminds me of the movie "Pretty Woman".I've just noticed I have passed the 200 reviews mark with this review.
2	Very nice---but noisy--place. Why is it so noisy at the Wynn and Encore? Fellow Yelper Jim T. and I went to this place because we like a good steak and will try it anywhere. We decided to split the 40 ounce Porterhouse. Not only do you get more meat, but it is cheaper than getting two steaks of any size separately. I started with a wedge that I asked to be chopped. They chopped it, but it was way overdone with Bleu Cheese. The bacon was not very flavorful and overdoing the Bleu Cheese only made this dish average. Now to the steak: We ordered it medium. It came Medium-rare on the strip side, but well done (no pink) on the fillet side. What saved the day here, is Jim T didn't mind the medium rare and the flavor was very good. It was crusted just so, with a hint of salt and pepper. I asked for the SW sauce and the server brought out a trio of sauces: The SW sauce, (which is sort of an A-1/barbeque blend thingy), Worcestershire, and a hot pepper sauce. I skipped the hot pepper stuff. Side dishes were grilled asparagus and au gratin potatoes. The sides were very nice and complimented the meal. After dinner we felt like a drink. I noticed they had vanilla ice cream for desert and asked if they could do a Brandy Alexander for me. "Sorry, Sir, we can not do that since there is not a blender at the bar." "No blender anywhere?" I said. "Sorry, sir. It would take forever to get drinks out of the bar if we were blending drinks." He said. Really. He said this! Interesting that Applebees and Chili's can figure out how to run an efficient bar, but The Wynn can't? Really? Anyway we settled for a glass of Port that was very good. I really wanted to like this place. And will if I have a better experience next time. The steak was very good--if not how we ordered it. So, I will give it a provisional two stars now--may change it later. Overall I enjoyed Switch more (see my yelp on that) because the steak was better. And Steve, get the bar a blender.
4	I had a great dinner at SW Steakhouse! I think 5 start would be a little much because 1. why in the hell is there no website with a menu? I think that would alleviate some of the "it's expensive" complaints. Cuz guess what's....it's expensive! 2. this whole "lake of dreams" stuff...over rated. It was fine, but didn't make my $120 steak taste any better, wasn't so romantic it was a panty dropper....yea, I said panty dropper. It's ok! We stayed at Encore and when you turn on the tv it gives you information about Encore and Wynn. The marketing people that created the little informercial added that it is VERY HARD to get into SW Steakhouse. Hilarious that my friend and I looked at each other and both said LET'S GO THERE! I called the concierge and there was no trouble whatsoever getting in. Hmmmm. Darn marketing people! We convinced ourselves it was because we were staying in a suite at their hotel. We got to the restaurant on time and they seated us almost immediately. We never asked for a view of the lake but we got one. I had completely forgot about that detail..maybe the concierge handled it...I dunno. The service was really good. My friend does not drink but discovered a new cocktail while in Vegas, so we asked for it by name and they were unfamiliar. It's called sex with an alligator or sexy alligator. We gave the ingredients and they came back with a drink - said they looked it up. I thought that was cool - I do want to note that if you google that drink, every link I look at is specific it is a layered drink, this came shaken. No big deal I just read another reviews praise of the unbelievable bar staff. We all have off days.I had the beet salad which was fabulous. We decided on Chateaubriand - which was SO good!!! Like, I want more now so good. The sides were disappointing and we (ok I) picked potato puree - don't do it! It is not mashed potatoes...it's a major thin, you could drink this puree. Ewww. Not as good but really...who cares - that Chateaubriand was THAT good! Oh, and it was like $120 plus the apps, sides, and cocktails (of course)...just given you an idea of cost. I am pretty sure it is not possible for 2 people to eat here for less than $150 and that is if you don't get cocktails or apps.  BUT if you have that in mind and are prepared...it's a damn good meal.  I would go back - but I don't really care if I am near the lake of dreams...I'd rather have a more private table.
4	We had an amazing dining experience eating at this restaurant which is inside the Wynn, where we stayed. The food was melt in your mouth amazing, and the service was impeccable. I took off a star just for the fact that I hate it when you got to fancy steakhouses and you pay $50 for a steak all by its lonseome on a plate- that's it. Not only does it look silly as presentation, it is just ridiculous to not offer a side with a $50 steak. That being said-it is a fine dining experience you will not regret.
5	I usually try new steakhouses every time I'm in Vegas.  My last trip was no different.  Everything at SW was fantastic and my strip was perfect.  Besides the fresh bread and the awesome steak the other thing that stood out above some other steak houses on the strip was the service.  We had multiple waiters and the service was fantastic and personable.  I will have and recommended SW to others and may even return again - sooner than later.
5	WOW, just...wow.  This is a piece of meat I will remember for the rest of my life.* I ordered my filet medium rare and the searing on the outside with sea salt was just amazing. The service was impeccable and the drinks were strong and tasty.  Honestly, the meal in and of itself was very simple and I almost wish we hadn't ordered sides because I can't even remember what they were (but I remember being too full to eat them).  Yes-- it's expensive, it's loud, and there's a dress code.  But for my first meal in Vegas, it totally got my approval and paved the way for an awesome trip.  _______________________*That's what she said.
5	Great steaks and a great view. Had a very good table to see the show. The casino host set up the dinner and it did not disappoint. Steaks are very compare-able to craft in my opinion. But the service was more efficient here. Oh yeah ladies make sure you cover up a little cause I wore a sexy ass dress and got way too many stares. Its Vegas for gods sake
5	imppeccable service.  fantastic view of the wynn waterfall while you are dining.  superior food.if you like steak, I would recommend this spot
4	Fantastic restaurant with fantastic service.  2 main highlights: 1. excellent sommelier 2. tater tots1. The sommelier was excellent and got us a new bottle of wine after we decided the 2nd bottle was not as good as the 1st.  2. Tater tots- there was something about the tater tots that was just fabulous.  They're more like flavorful potato puffs!  You must get them.  I would totally come here again if i had a craving for steak in Vegas!
3	Was better when we were there last year.  None of  the items screamed "wow" like last time.  :-(
3	4 Stars for the food. 3 stars for the service.The view of the waterfall at the Wynn is gorgeous, but the service put a damper on the evening. Our waiter was rude beyond comprehension and ignored our table (party of 14)  for the table next to us on a bachelorette party. You would think for that with a party of 14 and a bill exceeding $1200, we would have been treated better. But I have to say the filet was amazing, as was the appetizer. The manager apologized for the service, but I won't be going back.
4	Best steaks and atmospere in town!!! We will choose Sw anytime.Great for parties, special occasions and just to eat!!
4	We went for my brother in laws 30th birthday.  The staff and food were excellent.  I cant wait to go back.
4	We went to this place right before seeing La Reve (which by the way is a great show) We had the scallops and rib eye steak along with some truffled potatoes. The food was amazing and makes my mouth water just thinking about it. they do an excellent job preparing and cooking the food. the serivce is excellent and the ambiance is fantastic. I woudl definately go there again. If you go during the right time you can also see a show from the lake outside.
2	I was very disappointed. I had my share of good steakhouses and this high end restaurant did not measure up at all to my expectations. If i'm paying 200 dollars for a steak, i expect it to be delicious. The venue is very nice... you see the outdoor water light show at the wynn/encore.I had the halibut.. was a bit dry... Boulud next door tasted way better.Ny steak - dryRibeye... was actually ok... better than the NY steakthe seafood platter.. over price for the lil amt of seafood they hadFoie Gras - wasn't as good as i thought... i had way betterCream Spinach, Mushrooms, Lobster Mac and Cheesse was all just ok.... and there were hardly ANY lobster in the mac and cheese. I was really disappointed.... expected more from the wynn
5	I am from NY which is home to some great steakhouses as well, but this one deserves 5 stars. I would actually give it 6 stars if possible. The location, view, decor and atmosphere of this place is perfect. My table had a partial view of the outside, and it was so beautiful and serene. The changing of the light colors outside by the trees is a nice touch. Not sure if my friend who made the reservations was drunk or if there was some miscommunication, but we had 9 people for dinner. They had us for reservations for 8 people. I was worried there would be some big inconvenience, but they immediately moved us over to a larger table that could accomodate the extra guest. The manager even shook my hand to say it was no big deal. The service was excellent and courteous. Always had my water refilled and another drink when needed. I was pretty full from a late lunch that I had, so I didn't eat anything before  my entree besides the bread which was really good actually.For my entree I had the Bone In - NY steak. It was cooked perfectly. I savored every bite. We also ordered some side dishes for the table - asparagus was ok, the creamed truffle corn was excellent, au gratin potatoes were tasty and the creamed spinach was delicious. Little touches like having all the waiters come by and place everyone's entrees down at the same time are a nice touch. The waiters were all friendly but one guy was encouraging us to buy some shots but we were all drained from the night before. I will definitely come here again, this place is great for parties of all sizes, and if you bring a date I would definitely ask for the table outside with the view of the waterfall.     Hopefully you can win some $$$ playing blackjack so your dinner will be free, otherwise it may be a little pricey but worth every benjamin =)
5	I love steak! I always go to whatI think is the best I can find, Peter Luger in Brooklyn, Capital Grille's, Del Frisco's, Palm, Charlie Palmer, etc. This certainly ranks right up there with the best of them plus it's an elegant place. The porterhouse was fabulous. Juicy, Tasty, everything I could hope for. It was a while ago that I went so I don't remember exactly what the dessert was  but I remember it being very good. Highly recommended.
5	Saw that yelp had great reviews on this restaurant so my boyfriend and I decided to come here for dinner. The restaurant was nice, they also had outdoor patio seating overlooking a little waterfall structure thing that they had. Food was great. I had the lamb and my bf had the filet. Service was professional and excellent. If you want to have dinner at a nice restaurant, I'd recommend SW.
3	I wasn't disappointed but I'm not screaming from the ceiling either. I've been to quite a few steakhouses so when I review a steakhouse, I compare it to the likes of Del Monico's, Alexander's, N9ne, etc. The atmosphere is nice. Not too loud and not a library. The decor is nice and I like the bar setting. The crowd seemed a bit more professional type. At this point, I was pretty excited about this experience since I have never been here. And then......our waiter showed up. Mind you he showed up at our table after about 10-15 minutes of us sitting there sipping on water. Right away he asked us if we were ready to order! Dude, we haven't even ordered a cocktail yet! My friend asked him to slow down and get a Sommelier. The Sommelier was nice, friendly and very helpful. When we finally ordered our food, the waiter kept looking around like he was being stalked by the mafia instead of paying attention to us as we're ordering. Frankly, I'm surprised our order arrived without any mistakes.I had a wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon. The bacon slice was amazing! I could have eaten a bowl of it. I then had the bone-in New York. It was cooked well but was lacking the charred outside which I so desire. It was a good steak nonetheless. I don't recall what I had for desert but I'm sure it was good.Summary:Food was excellent but the service would keep me from going back there. When you pay $150/head for dinner, I expect great service which I'm used to getting at Del Monico's and N9ne. I don't think I'll be going back to SW (unless of course if someone else is paying).
5	$60 for a Filet Mignon and I didn't even feel like I got ripped off!Our total bill $342 (not including tax) for only 3 people and the only question on anybody's mind was, "When are we coming back?"Was it the best steak I've ever had?  It's close.  Definitely top 2.  But with the overall ambiance and the amazing appetizers, incredible side dishes, and the superb desserts...the whole experience makes it the best steakhouse I've been to...did I mention the stiff drinks!
5	This is one of my favorite restauranst of all time. It's got the whole package. AMAZING FOOD. AMAZING SERVICE AND AMMMMAAAAZZING AMBIANCE.The seafood stack is awesome. After that I don't remember much because I drank enough wine for a small army.Tip: Go in the summer and get a seat on the patio right by the glass. Call ahead, slip the hot hostess a 50, do whatever you have to, but its worth it. You might actually even get some that night too! ahah jk.  Every 15 or 20 minutes theres a cool little show that goes on in the waterfall. You'll see what I mean if you go.
3	Nice place, but a little overprice compared to the food quality. the lamb chop was awesome, but the chicken was not so good! Although we had a reservation, but it took like half an hour to get in!!
5	I was in Vegas last week attending a bachelor party and tried to coerce the bachelor to go to my favorite steakhouse, Del Frisco. To my disappointment, we decided to go to SW instead. Fortunately, I wasn't disappointed for long. The Foie Gras with huckleberry compote was so...amazingly...good!! It made up for the Blue Eye Tuna Tartar that was a bit under-seasoned but very fresh. Now for the steak...it far exceeded my expectations. I ordered the Bone-In New York medium-rare and it came out PERFECTLY! A nice crust with a center that was evenly cooked throughout. It wasn't over seasoned and there was no sauce to ruin it...just a beautiful piece of meal that's beautifully cooked. I couldn't have asked for more...MMMM! My top 3 steakhouses ever.Favorite: Foie Gras (god, it was soooo good!)Impressed by: My steak (a friend ordered the wagyu beef that wasn't much more tender or tastier than my steak)Surprised: The butter they served with the bread (some sort of black salt over super creamy butter, I wouldn't let the waiter take it away!)Fail: Lobster Mac-n-Cheese (didn't like it too much)
5	Not only was service impeccable, but they were accommodating!  Don't think that you can walk in this place after you came from the pool... Guys need a collared shirt and NO shorts.  If you forgot to wear your collared shirt like my guy, they do give you a jacket just to put on the back of your chair.  How nice! Looking at the menu I was a bit intimidated... Beef, Beef, Beef, Fish, Chicken. I mean yeah, it's a steakhouse right?  Well my two friends and my guy were craving steak so we went here.  A & S got the 20oz steak and M got the filet mignon. What does a semi-vegetarian looking for a vegetarian option get when she does not want a FREAKING salad? Grilled vegetable platter with garlic. A plethora of deliciousness!  Our server was so accommodating and amazing!  He even acknowledged that there was a regular french bread and muffins with cheddar and bacon and for me just to know. Wow. Places never do that!  I would come back if I had the cash for sure!
5	Outstanding service.  Outstanding food.  It's not Peter Luger, but it's very good.  By far, it is my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas.   They serve aged steaks and excellent appetizers.  Overall a better experience than all of the trendy steakhouses.NB Try to sit outside and watch the laser "animatronic" show.  It's a visual feast.
5	This place is awesome- the best steak I've ever had- anywhere- ever. A couple members of our party were not allowed in because they wore shorts- I guess they didn't know because they weren't told in advance. Of course the night we were there a certain VIP was there (no names) so that might be why it was strictly enforced??? I would never normally advocate $52 for a NY strip but in this place's case I'll make an exception.
5	SW steakhouse is by far one of the best steakhouses anywhere.  There are few restaurants that I would give 5 stars too, because there's almost always room to improve.  I think SW is at the top of its game.The service was outstanding.  Our waitstaff was headed by a very friendly woman.  The rest of the team was intuitive and nice.  This helps set SW apart from many other steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The food was also outstanding.  Everything was top notch.  I was told that the bread was amazing and that was right.  It's baked fresh on premises and excellent.  I didn't want to fill up on bread, but I could have.  It set the tone for the rest of the meal.My caesar salad was excellent and the rest of the table loved their seafood appetizers.  We went off the menu with a slice of bacon.  This was also awesome!I ordered a strip (as always).  My strip was fantastic.  In fact, it was one of the best I've had in a while.  The steak was perfectly cooked.  There was a nice amount of char on the outside of the steak and the inside was soft and pink as I wanted.  I believe the steak was seasoned with just salt and pepper.  The salt stood out, but wasn't overbearing and the meat tasted fantastic.I don't recall all of the sides ordered, but the photo above shows that we had parmesan creamed spinach.  I'm pretty sure that we also had the truffled creamed corn, butter roasted fingerling potatoes, and steamed asparagus.  All of the sides were excellent.Overall, one of the best steaks and meals I've had in a really long time.  I'm looking forward to my next trip so I can sit outside and enjoy the show.
2	I really, really, REALLY wanted to like SW Steakhouse. But the service was abysmal and sadly the food, albeit very good, didn't make up for it. I walked out of SW Steakhouse very, very disappointed.  My fiance and I were getting married soon after the visit, and when I called to make my reservation, I informed the hostess of this and she assured me we'd get a nice table outside near the waterfall. When we arrived, the hostess led us to a table, and with an outstretched hand gestured us to the table located in the back corner of the restaurant. Wait, what? When I asked why we weren't getting the table we were promised, she briefly spoke with another host and simply answered: "the wait for a table outside will be a half hour." She answered a question I didn't even ask. On any normal day, we would have left and found another restaurant (hell, there's more in Las Vegas than any one person could visit in an entire month). However, we took the table because we did not have enough time to find another restaurant on a busy Saturday night with an hour and half until our show. The waiter did not arrive to greet us until 10 or so minutes after we were seated. To summarize our server: he was mostly brief, aloof and completely indifferent. He did not share with us any information about the food, chef specials, or his favorite items on the menu. He simply came to 'take orders', so to speak, and would then leave. His demeanor didn't perk up until we ordered $200 in food and drinks. When I told him of my allergies, he was thankful and assured me that the kitchen would be well aware and our food would not contain any allergens. The food held true to his word. Honestly, I felt a bit profiled by our server. My fiance and I are somewhat affluent mid-twenty somethings that dressed for the occasion, but we didn't look like the average Wynn guest: mid 40s to 50s and obviously very wealthy. And we likely weren't treated like them, either.When told we were time-bound, our server made note of it when taking our order. Our food arrived promptly and gave us plenty of time to enjoy it. It's one of the few kudos: they made timing a priority and delivered. With 20 minutes until our show began, and with our server nowhere in sight, I had to flag down what looked like a manager to give us our bill and he transacted our payment. We may have seen our server once or twice throughout the meal. The only thing that saved SW Steakhouse from a 1 star review would be the food. The porterhouse was exquisitely cooked and delicious; it will not be soon forgotten. But like most high end steakhouses, exquisite food is to be expected, so I won't bother detailing it. The food is very good, I can assure you of that. We will not be returning to SW Steakhouse.
2	Other than than the view of the lake of dreams, the food is ... Alright.. The kobe beef carppachio had way too much sauce that you could not taste the beef! What is the point of ordering an expensive beef if you can't taste it? Also, for such an expensive restaurant, why can't they have decent bread? It's cool they have different colored salt on their butter, but the bread sucked!But I must admit, their cream vir with black truffles are amazing.. Very small, but amazing... As for the ribeye, we've had better.. It was too saltySouffle was more like a lava cake.. But the lychee and pear martini was good...Over all.. It was just over rated...
5	Can't say enough about how great SW is, my GF and I had one of if not the best dinner of our lives.Our waiter knew the menu inside and out and was extremely helpful in making recommendations.  We started off with the carpaccio, which was good but surprisingly slightly inferior to the one at ToW (the truffle oil used on the ToW carpaccio was great).  I started off with a glass of the Monchhof Urziger Wurzgarten Riesling, which was exceptionally well balanced and one of the better Rieslings that I have had.For dinner, I had the Wagyu Sirloin, which was a special for the night.  One word: AMAZING.  The cut was perfectly marbleized and melted in the mouth. Everything about the steak was perfect, easily the best cut of meat I've ever eaten. I had a glass of Merlot from Bordeaux with the steak which was good but nothing special. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate soufle, which was also delicious and a great end to an excellent meal.  Despite the high price tag, the food and service was to die for and I'll definitely be back.
4	Steve Wynn wins me over every time with his customer service.  This restaurant, had the best servers and wait staff I have ever encountered.  If you can arrange seating outside during sunset so you can watch the Lake of Dreams, then I would recommend it.  However, a huge warning, if you have a hard time being around cigarette smoke then sitting outside might not be the best idea.  Unfortunately, there is an outside bar right next to the restaurant which allows cigar smoking and the fumes waft over right into your table.  It was so bad, that we had to ask to be moved inside (yeah, were from California, so we got spoiled with the no-smoking laws).  However, the staff were so kind and accommodating that they immediately found us a table inside.  And what was very pleasing was the fact that even inside we still were able to see the Lake of Dreams show.  The quality of the food was marvelous and the filet was so tender I could literally cut it with my fork.  Enjoy
5	I'm sorry I forgot to review the biggest fanciest steakhouse I went to in Las Vegas. This is SW steakhouse. As you can tell by the other reviews it has a ton of good options for a meat eater. In fact if you enjoy steak there is nothing you can do wrong here. The only thing might be not eating steak..... and that just makes you stupid. SW steakhouse is one of the most delightful restaurants I have ever had the pleasure to attend. The food is phenomenal, from start to finish. The steaks are obviously well prepared with a nice char on the outside and a melt in your mouth center. The NY strip was particularly delightful.  If your confused the staff works in teams and can easily point you to what your looking for with just a few simple questions.  I can't say much bad about this place other than  BEER. Where are your craft beers... It in truth, this is not their fault cause almost in all of Vegas, craft beer is missing. Well anyway this review is too be shuffled with the rest so if you'd like the abridged version.....TLDR:   BE SURE TO TRY SW Steakhouse! If you don't you have made an error.
4	Doesn't top mastro's for steak but pretty darn good. MUCH better than Delmonico's.Party of 9, with no reservations Saturday night around 6pm and got seated immediately in a private room. Totally felt like VIP status! 3 busboys servicing us and 1 waiter. I'd recommend the chile rubbed bone-in rib-eye which is cheaper and more oz. than ordering the rib-eye separately. Also order the creamed corn which is SO GOOD and may be better than Lawry's. Scallops were also firm and delicious, as well as the NY strip, which was really juicy. We ordered steak fries, onions, and the au gratin, which were really good and as expected of steakhouses.Great and attentive service. I think anybody would enjoy a good time here.
3	I came here memorial weekend with my girlfriend.  I was not too impressed.  I don't know.  Maybe my expectations for the Wynn signature steakhouse were too high.  First of all, i told them I was vegan when i originally made the reservation, which was a week in advance. I was there a week before but had drinks at Parasol Up/Down and it looked fantastic.  The hostess said that they get a lot of vegan diners all the time and that the kitchen would have no problem accomodating me. So we get there and we are nicely seated.  Our server, whom i had to tell i was vegan, had no idea what to serve me.  He kept asking me "what do i want"?  What do you mean what do i want, i was thinking?  He did have the chef come out and talk to me.  He decided to make me a vegan rissotto with peas and carrots with a grilled veggie plate.  OMG.  This was horrible.  I barely touched the rissotto.  And i LOVE rissotto.  It was just bland, had no flavor and was awful.  The grilled veggies were that.  Grilled veggies.  Not marinated.  Not seasoned.  It was veggies that I coulda bought and held over a gas oven myself.  The only thing that saved my meal was the Strawberry Funnel Cake.  This was delicious.  Which is the only reason why i gave a review of 3 stars versus 2.  I know i know.. you're probably thinking, why the hell would my vegan ass go to a steakhouse?  (1) HOT GUYS go to steakhouses and (2) the hostess ranted and raved that they could accomodate me and that they accomodate vegans all the time.  Um, Yeah... Thanks Steve Wynn, but no thanks!
4	I had dinner here with some girlfriends a few weeks ago and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!  The food was great and the service was excellent.  This is definitely a see and be seen kind of place!
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!This place offers the best of...Service was awesome, includes the hostess, the bartender and the servers.  I was in Vegas for a few days and tried SW for the first time, and all I can think about now is the Rib Eye and especially the Truffle Creamed Corn.  YUM, makes my mouth water just writing to you about it.  YUM!
4	Had a reservation and were promptly seated.  Waiter took drink orders and came back quickly.  Told him we needed a little while to study the menu.  After they kind of forgot about us, we finally got our order taken.  Had a great time with the shrimp cocktail!!!  Some of my guests at the table did not know what real horse radish looks like (they wrapped the shrimp for the shrimp cocktail around it - see my photos).  So if you're one step ahead of the pack, ask everyone to take a good bite of the stick and then have them tell you what it is..........by that time, they'll know what it is.  Hahahaha......nice game to pass the time.I have to say, quality of the meat was very good.  We had 4 x the club chop which was very well cooked.  Well seasoned and slightly gristled on the outside and pink inside as we wanted it.  Do order the truffled creamed corn as it is fantastic, as was the potato gratin.We ordered a nice Italian bottle of wine, rather inexpensive compared to what was on the menu.  When we ordered the second bottle, which took forever to get, they came out with a 2007, we had been drinking a 2006.  As it took so long and was handled poorly, we declined the second the bottle.  Next time, just be up front with the guest, or mention that THIS is the last bottle.  We'd understand.  Don't try and sneak a fast one.  That's not appreciated.Overall, I'd return.  Get a table facing the window with the show outside.  In between the show, the real thing to watch are the gold diggers pretending that they know what they are eating and trying to look thin.  I mean we saw one bimbo sitting at a table with her GF sitting next to a "john" and she was texting someone the entire time and trying not to be noticed doing so.  It was hilarious.It's great to people watch when the show's not going on.  Enjoy it, its a good time.
5	Outstanding in every way!
3	BOOOOORRRRRING.   This place made me want to go to sleep!   Barry Manilow on the radio, dim lighting, no artwork on the walls.Service was OK.  Food was Amazing.  Great place to go in Vegas if you're 70+
3	We didn't receive the experience we were hoping for at SW Steakhouse.  We had been wanting to visit for several years and finally decided to make it happen during this past visit to Vegas.    We arrived at our appointed time and the people at the hostess desk were less than friendly.    It took them a while to acknowledge us and seat us.   Once we were seated someone did come by promptly to take our drink orders.   He didn't identify himself so we assumed he was the person who would be waiting on us.   After our drinks and bread were delivered someone else came by and asked us if we knew what we wanted to order.   I asked him if he was our server since we thought the other gentleman was waiting on us and his reply was "as long as someone waits on you."    He was very abrupt.  Never asked us if we had any questions on the menu and never explained anything.  Very disappointing.  Our orders consisted of:  special heirloom tomato salad, 1 1/2 pound king crab leg special, bone in New York strip, truffled creamed corn, onion rings and two glasses of wine.   The crab legs were broiled and didn't have much flavor.   The steak was wonderful along with the creamed corn.   We did not order dessert.   I would not go back to SW due to the poor service.   The decor is not that spectacular for the prices they charge.  I really wanted to like this place but not to be.  I gave it three stars since the steak was excellent and this is what they are known for.
2	I was a little thrown back at the fact the head host carried a long lengthy conversation with a gentleman who walked up to her the same time that I did. She didn't even acknowledge the fact that I was waiting there by myself. The waiter who assisted us was friendly, however he messed up our order by giving us two foie gras pate, when we asked for the pan seared foie gras. It wasn't that much of a big deal to me, so I didn't want to bring attention to it. However, my filet mignon wasn't up to my expectations. It was too salty... a little too much sodium intake for me. Overall, I would say that SW was okay. If you asked me if I would visit again- I would, but probably prefer sitting outside with the beautiful lighting, and not deal with the rude hostess.
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary and got to experience the new allergen/vegan menu in a formal Wynn restaurant. It was an amazing dinner, great service, atmosphere and food.I recommend reserving a table outside if the weather is nice because eating on the lake with the waterfall shows going on every 30 minutes is so much fun.We ordered a delicious bottle of Pinot Noir (Cristom) So smooth! And the vegan vegetarian menu was delicious.I had:Beet Salad and Tofu Steak. Wonderful. Tofu steak was nice and crispy on the outside and a great (not to soft and silky) texture on the inside. Topped with great sauce and fresh herbs.Husband had:Chopped Salad and Veggie Risotto. He loved both!And dont forget the sides!Special side of the day was black beans with jalapeno and goat cheese, grilled asparagus with lemon, roasted broccoli with shallots and delicious fresh cut french fries. (Ask for the vegetarian sauces to dip! Tropical jalapeno and spicy bbq!)The dessert menu ALL looked so good and I know we will have to come back to taste more of it. We decided on the funnel cake which came with fresh juicy strawberries and chocolate, white chocolate and salty caramel dipping sauce. Its huge. Good to share for 4 or more people! I think you get 5 or 6 small funnel cakes!It was a perfect romantic night :)
3	We came to SW Steakhouse on a Wednesday night with a group of 10 for a friends birthday. I was surprised at how busy the place was for a Wednesday night. I love how the restaurant is open to the outside and you can see the show on the water... until you start having conversations and a big table of 10 in a rather noisy restaurant competing with the show. It got old real fast. We ordered a few bottles of wine and a plethora of appetizers. I wasn't "running the show" so I can't speak of their wine selection but from what I drank, I was impressed. Appetizers: Grilled Shrimp Kobe Beef Carpaccio giant seafood sampler with oysters, lobster... some kind of Beet Salad all delish I had the Steve's Chopped Salad which was quite large and very good. At the advice of our dinner host/birthday boy. My husband had the Rib-Eye. I had the Ahi Tuna. I asked for rare and it came out more like medium rare, so that was kind of a disappointment. But the rib-eye, ahhhh, like heaven. The spice rub/crust was amazing. Melt in your mouth. We had quite a few bottles of wine and were in such good company with conversation going on so I can honestly say I didn't pay much attention to the staff or the service. That leads me to believe that all was well, because only bad service is really noticeable. Good service should blend right in! For desert my husband and I shared the cheesecake. Excellent choice. I was jealous of the people who ordered the funnel cake. That looked amazing and they were quite satisfied. Next time, I'll try the funnel cake for sure. Overall a great dining experience. Lost a star because my tuna was overcooked. Quite pricey, but can be expected from a fine dining establishment at the Wynn.
3	Very good but I still think Ruth Chris makes the best steak. Had 20 ounce rib eye (bone 3 ounces), creamed spinach, and split salad with wine on date night.
2	Very dissapointed in my visit to SW Steakhouse.  I made reservations 2 months ago for our anniversary and requested outdoor seating.  When we got to the restaurant they told me that wasn't on the reservation and tried to sit us inside in the corner.  My husband requested outside and they told us it would be a 1 hour wait.  We ended up waiting 30 minutes and they still ended up seating us inside.  Our service was awful.  We weren't drinking because I'm pregnant and my husband is training for a triathlon and I think the waiter was bugged that our bill wouldn't be as much.   After we finished our appetizer which was the lemon marinated shrimp we waited way too long for our entree.  Our waiter came by and filled up our drinks and didn't say a thing about our food so my husband asked is our entrees almost ready?  Then he said I will go check on it.   Our waiter was AWFUL and our food was ok.  During our dinner they sat a table of 15-20 next to us and we couldn't hear ourselves talk.  So much for a romantic anniversary dinner.  I will never go back to SW and I don't reccommend it to anyone.  There are much better steakhouses to eat at in Vegas.
4	I've been to SW a few times now, most recently tonight, and I think they get it 95% right. The only thing really keeping them from a five star rating is the front end service at the hostess stand. I've read that is a problem for some of the other reviewers, so if I was SW, I'd really get to retraining the hostess to learn to handle that front station and first impression of the place much better.We stood and waited for the hostess's attention for about 8 minutes and finally walked up to someone else and asked if we could be seated. He immediately apologized and sat us at a perfect table waterside with an ideal view of the Lake of Dreams and its shows.The food was outstanding. We shared a Chateaubriand with peppercorn crust, cooked medium rare and it was perfectly cooked. The Brussels sprouts with bacon and creamed corn with truffle oil were both fabulous and the SW chopped salad and heirloom tomato salad were also perfect.Service was spectacular with five different people plus a knowledgeable sommelier serving us. Our glasses were never dry, and iced tea and water not just Champagne stayed full, which I think is a great sign of how good the service is.For dessert we shared a chocolate souffle cake which was just okay as souffles go, really more of a flourless chocolate cake than a souffle. Iced tea was also not that great, which is surprising since the tea at Wynn's Terrace Point Cafe and the former Sugar & Ice (now a pizza place) are China Mist, one of the best.Overall, a place with killer atmosphere, great views, entertaining shows, outstanding service, fabulous food and only lacking in front of house hostess service, iced tea and chocolate souffle.
5	A+++ goes out to SW and Mr Wynn again. I had the opportunity of dining here not once but twice in a week. Both times the restaurant was exceptionally busy but our servers did a fantastic job. For those of you contemplating going - don't just go and request seating next to Wynn's Lake of Dreams in the evening. I had the opportunity to try the following:Marinated Beet SaladBig Eyed Tuna CevicheFilet Medium (both times)Maine Lobster Mac N CheeseAu Gratin Potatoes Grilled Asparagus with Lemon ButterAfter typing all that now I'm hungry. All were excellent. Remember you only have this one life to live so you might as well enjoy it.
5	It just doesn't get better than this when it comes to prime steak. It's a classic.
5	1 word: WOW.I came here with my parents for Christmas and this place was definitely the best steakhouse I've been to. My father and I shared the Porterhouse for Two, which was a 40oz slab of pure awesomeness. Expensive, but definitely well worth it. My mom had the Pan Roast Scallops which came with four delicious and suspiciously large scallops. Even though the decor wasn't eye candy, the food was definitely perfect. I'd definitely come back whenever I get the chance.
4	Definitely a great experience with delicious steaks. When you call and make a reservation you should mention that you want to sit on the patio so you can get front row seats to the water shows. Don't worry, even tho it was hotter than hell in Vegas the patio was nice and cool.  The food was great if you are willing to trade an arm or a leg. Overall, I would recommend it to anyone looking for a unique and fancy dining experience in Vegas. Pros: great restaurant setting and show.Cons: very loud making it less of a romantic dining experience.
5	I've been booking this restaurant for guests a numerous of times already and hear it's a place to go to for great steaks/seafood and ambience. So I had to try it.The restaurant is very beautiful. We had a great view of the Lake (too bad we went to early to see the Lake of Dreams show). Staff was perfect.We all started off with the Kobe Beef Carpaccio. So delicious! Melts in your mouth. We all ordered steaks and one had the scallops. Our sides were the Maine Lobster mac and cheese, and the Black Truffle Creamed Corn. I couldn't believe how these two sides can be sooooooo yummy and complimented our meal. I ordered the Bone-In Ribeye which melted in my mouth! Seriously cooked perfectly. and i also tried the Pan Roasted Sea Scallops and WOW this was soooo good. It was grilled nicely and went well with the risotto and the black truffle sauce.I would have to say this would  be my top 5 restaurants i've been to and would recommend it to everything.
5	Two words: lobster macaroni! *nom, nom, nom, nom*I have some really awesome friends and last week for my birthday I was treated to an amazing dinner here. Dinner started with the foie gras that everyone mentioned. We ordered the sauteed version (there are two variations) and it was different than anything I've ever had. The blackberry jam perfectly complimented the flavors.For my main course I had the 9 oz. filet mignon and we all shared a few appetizers. Again, the lobster macaroni was insane! It really was a party in my mouth. My friend Alex was crazy about the creamed corn. I wasn't that impressed, but it was good.Dessert was creme brulee and they served it with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce. It was good and it was a very nice presentation. I jokingly asked if they were going to sing to me like at Applebee's. One of our servers didn't quite know how to answer me, so I tried to help by saying that we paid enough for them NOT to sing and that was okay.The food was delicious and I really appreciated the terrific service. Everyone was very attentive and professional, but never stuffy. They made it seem effortless, making the experience that much better.
5	Made 6:00 dinner reservations.  Arrived at 6:00 and requested to sit outside since it was a beautiful night and the hubby and I had never seen the show.  They sat us outside just in time for the frog and this was just the beginning of one of the greatest meals of my life.Wait staff was extremely attentive but never overbearing.  We asked the sommelier for a recommendation for a red wine between $80 and $100.  He didn't give us a look on the price point, stayed within it and recommended a GREAT bottle of wine. We started with the foie gras - which was amazing and a BIG piece.Hubby got the filet, I just ordered the wedge salad and told them I would have some of husband's steak and lobster mac and cheese.  Again, no look, just great service.  Took our time before the La Reve show, got to see a few incarnations of the outside show, had a great time and a great meal.It is expensive but ABSOLUTELY worth the money.
5	Amazingly well priced, top new American surf and turf restaurant on the Vegas strip.Probably the lowest priced top tier steakhouse of them all (average food only check is less than $100 per person.)The Maryland blue crab cake with its roasted corn relish is near perfect.  Not much excessive fillers, just sweet crab meat.  The kobe beef carpaccio is classically prepared and is also worth a try.As for mains, had to try the veal prime rib.  Amazing texture.  More like pork than beef.  Excellent if not a bit lacking in real beef flavor.  Steaks are all well trimmed, perfectly aged, and perfectly cooked.  No matter what you order, be sure to share the sides.  They are way too big for a single person to finish.  If you can stand some fire, try the chipollini onions and chaired jalapenos. Yum.I cannot speak to the deserts.  Never made it that far.Serviced is excellent.The wine list is extensive.  Prices are good by Vegas standards.Only two visits here so far, but with quality like this, I'm sure to be back after a hard day's work in the Wynn poker room.Recommended.
5	Great view of a monolithic fountain, attentive staff, and excellent food.  Two entrees of ono and scallops were perfectly prepared.  Dessert of brandied cherries, ice cream and chocolate cake was very nice.  Tho not inexpensive, it was definitely worth it.
4	I'm not big on steaks - but this one do serve very good, tasty ones! We were staying at the Wynn (on comp of course!) last 12/2-12/5 and decided to try this one out one night.  Decor was subdued but when you walk in, you know there's a theatrical feel to it --after all, the dining room walls and ceiling folds and lights changes every half hour! Hence, the name Switch Steakhouse (wink!). Service was up to par - since I did not write this review right when we came back -forgive me but I totally forgot what we had for appetizers-but I do remember we had no complaints! I do remember what the main meal was- filet mignon bone-in! with side dishes of wild mushrooms, veggies. Let me tell you that the meat was truly like butter! We also shared lobster tails - two medium size ones. Those were delicious also and cooked just right. Needless to say, no desserts for us! too full and happy---and yes, we did ok in Vegas--I actually did not even spend all my 'gambling allowance' but with $200 left over--hubby was ahead by about $300...so overall, a good trip over there. By the way, Wynn is beautiful and the room we had was really nice and large--service was very good.
1	My bf and I went to SW the last night of our stay at Encore. Dinner was at 9 because we made our reservations last minute. I ordered the filet with lobster macaroni and he ordered the bone in rib eye with potatoe puree. Both steaks were ordered medium. When the food arrived, the rib eye was made nicely while my filet was the driest piece of steak I've ever eaten. I only eat filet at steakhouses and the cheesecake factory makes better filet than here. The steak was tender but didnt have any moisture in it, when pressing down with a fork, no juice came out at all. Our server was MIA and I had to hunt down the water guy to get me some bernaise sauce. The server never came by once to ask how food was. Sadly, even the bernaise couldnt save the steak and I waited and waited for the server to walk by so I could tell him that there is no way I could eat that anymore. 5-10 min passed and I was ignored. Once again the water guy came and asked whether I needed anything and I told him to get me the waiter. The nice water guy told me that my steak looked like medium rare to him.Finally, a different waiter came to ask what's going on and promptly apologized for the steak. He offered a change and I settled on a fish dish. I never saw the 1st server acknowledge us again. The fish dish (ono) came and it was also terrible but since the new server tried, I decided to not say anything. The only saving grace of the dinner was the dark chocolate souffle with vanilla ice cream. This was brough on by our 1st server and he dropped it on the table with a loud clunk, maybe he is pissed that was complained?Overall, I felt that I spent $160 on a rib eye and a souffle. I wish I could leave Vegas with a bang, but what a disappointment.
4	4.5 starsWe were fortunate enough to have dinner here with a small group in one of the private rooms. Our meal consisted of the following courses:Oysters on the half shellCaviarKing and stone crabFoie grasCaesar saladPorterhouse steak (with sides of royal trumpet mushrooms, fennel and carrots, broccoli and frites)There were some minor misses (salad was a bit overdressed, carrots were undercooked) -- but otherwise everything was delicious. The caviar, crab and foie gras courses were exceptional -- and the porterhouse was excellent. Service was attentive and friendly. A very memorable meal.Hope to return.
5	The food and service was awesome.  We had the Wedge salad, very fresh and yummy. I had the scallops, which were absolutely wonderful.  My husband had the rib eye steak, which was also good.  The creamed of corn was excellant.  The waiters and water person, were very attentive to all our needs and extremely friendly.
5	The best steak I've had anywhere. We ate at SW in October when we were in Vegas for vacation and all I can say is WOW!!!!! The dining room was elegant and had a view of a pond with a light show and the service was world class. Steve Wynn really out did himself this time. The food was among the best I've had anywhere. To start the bacon and cheese biscuits were to die for, the sides were all outstanding and my steak..oh my god my steak was an orgasm for my mouth. My Meal was prepared exactly to my requests and exceeded my expectations. I just can't say enough good things about my experience here. My girlfriend and I were both wooed. This is definitely a special occasion place but with this kind of food I'll be flying to Vegas a lot more for special occasion meals. If your looking for THE BEST steakhouse in Vegas this is it. There are some good ones out there too but for my money SW takes the prize.
4	Beautiful restaurant.  Above and beyond service.  You should definitely make a reservation.  We went Christmas night and the wait for people who didn't have reservations was 4 hours!  I doubt it's that crowded every night but I don't think I would chance it.  The food was fantastic.  Everyone was very pleased with their dish.  I had the prime rib. My mother had the veal.  My father and brother-in-law had the T-bone steak and shrimp, my sister had the scallops and my niece had the chicken breast.  Everything melted in our mouths.  The bread was excellent.  The sides are served family style.  The mashed potatoes were wonderful however the lobster mac and cheese was just OK.  It was seasoned well but I would have preferred more bits of lobster.  We had a table right in the window.  It was too cold to sit outside.  Weh ad a perfect view of the Lake of Dreams water show.  I know everyone loves this show but I was totally not into it.  We only saw 3 of the many shows they do...the creepy frog that sang 'What a Wonderful World', the ginormous flowers dancing with each other and the colored orbs that danced on the water.  Personally I didn't get the purpose of the shows AT ALL.  I think the shows must to have been designed by someone who was on psychadelic drugs.  I would have preferred to just have a view of the beautiful waterfall.  I honestly didn't need to see a gigantic creepy looking frog singing.  But like I said, I know I'm the minoritiy in this opinion because everyone else I know RAVES about this water show.  I don't get it.  But otherwise that, I totally loved the restaurant and would go back again.  By the way, they claim to have a somewhat strict dress code where men have to wear collared shirts and no jeans allowed and whatnot, but we saw quite a few people come in that night wearing shirts with no collars AND jeans.
5	Before I start this review, a quick disclaimer -- I did not pay for this meal, nor see the bill, so I am focusing purely on the food, service, and ambiance!It has been a long time since I last experienced an unquestionable 5 star restaurant and SW was just that.  Perfect!  I am not a huge red meat eater, so I was incredibly happy when SW nailed every dish, whether meat or not.  What really makes this place special, is the little extras at every turn.For starters, we had a wonderful window seat overlooking the water show that they do every 30 minutes, which is both varied and entertaining.  Next, came the breads, of which there were two to choose from and came with butter topped with black sea salt.  We sampled several dishes, including the:- seafood tower -- VERY tasty and loved the extra horseradish that they brought out- tuna tartar -- this was the most surprising dish of the night, as I was blown away by how well they prepared it for a steak restaurant- crab cakes -- no nonsense here folks, just the crab goodness you want- wagyu beef skewers -- served on a salt stone with mixed veggies, small, but terrific- caesar salad- tomahawk chop -- it was shared and they happily brought it out medium rare and took a few pieces back to the kitchen to serve them medium- lamb chops -- tender, delicious, LOVED the fruit chutney it was served onAs mentioned to start the review, had I paid for the meal, my rating might drop to 4 stars, but probably not.  The service, food quality, ambiance, and little touches made this the second greatest food experience of my life.
5	Excellent service, food was superior
3	Pros: great service, restaurant is nicely doneCons: food was sub-parI've had comparable steak for less at chains...not saying it was bad, but it didn't live up to the hype. I had the dry aged bone in ribeye with lobster, spinach, and the lobster Mac. It was all just "ok." for the local chain places, fine...but at an 5 star kinda place...ugh. Dropped 300 for a meal worth 100 tops. I think I will stay with craftsteak and cut, both providing that bang for the buck and the GI Joe with Kung Fu grip fun, instead of the ol tinker toys....
2	In one word... "eh..." Most expensive of our three dinners this weekend and the weakest as it goes... We shared the entire meal and had 2 glasses of their most inexpensive wine (it was good though)... Ap, Steak + 2-sides and dessert... $250 - holy cow batman...Service was excellent! Seared Foie Gras... excellent! Bone-in ribeye - "eh" just ok... so as this is a steakhouse, how do you rate it any higher... sides were ok... can't remember em so go figure... Chocolate dessert was pretty good...BUT NOT $250 GOOD - for a shared meal....
5	Love love love SW!The staff was incredible and the food was unlike anything I've ever eaten. I had the seared Ahi and was blown away. My husband had the Filet and fell in love. We also had the au graten potatoes, asparagus and lobster Mac and Cheese. So good!!Ps I wrote this about a year after going to SW after my horrific experience at Mood in the Artisan.
5	I do declare... this restaurant is absolutely superb.  Every facet is miraculous.  SW certainly deserves all the accolades it receives, but you won't find a server in the place that takes this for granted.I guess I can start there... the service.  We were so busy lauding and gushing over our food, that I actually began to sense that we were keeping our server from our other tables, but you would have never known.  Both times I've visited SW, the service was of the highest caliber.  Absolutely top notch in terms of professionalism and knowledge.I don't even know where to begin with the food.  I supposed I'll list the dishes I had on both occasions, but frankly, this place outdoes just about any restaurant I've visited.Oysters... the best I've ever had... ever.Amous bouche, perfect and savory.The steak... ohhh, the steak.  Magnificent.  I am not the type to order a steak everywhere it's served.  I would opt for pork or seafood at a nice place, because I'm particular about my beef.  I get the sense that you can pay upwards of $50 for an average steak, while delicious seafood and "other white meat" dishes go unnoticed.  This wasn't one of those occasions.  Easily, easily the best steak I've ever had.  Name a Chicago "chop house" and I've dined there... this tops them all.Deserts were fantastic, and the wine... the wine was incredible.  I had 3 or 4 of the best red wines I've ever had at SW.  We had a Pinot Noir, a Cab and a Syrah (or petit Syrah, can't recall), that were world class.  Absolutely special to taste.Bottom line?  SW is something special.  An absolute can't miss.  The most worthy 5 star review I've ever given.
5	Had a great experience, I had the 9 oz Fillet and it was prefect, my wife had the scallops and they were perfect. Service was perfect and we sat in a private room which was perfect. Basically we had a perfect night.
5	Holy Mother of Meat Gods!!!  How can I write the most amazing review for a succulent and juicy piece of meat without making it sound disgustingly perverted?  I can't!!The meat that I devoured was deliciously thick in girth and perfect in length.  It was perfectly cooked.  Just right in tenderness, not overly stiff and had plenty of juices flowing.  My god.  Ohhhhh. Myyyyyyy. Gooooooooood!! Oh. Baby!! Babbbbbbbby!!! Ohhhhhhhhh Baaaaaaaaabbbbby!! Give me MORE!! I want MORE!!!As if this perfect piece of meat wasn't enough in my mouth, I found my mouth savoring in the most flavorful and creamiest Truffled Creamed Corn.  Texture wise, it was pretty creamy and not many lumps . ..  Ummmm ('nuff said) but the taste ... if all creamy things tasted this amazing perhaps more women would swallow more often (I'm just saying)The sommelier paired my OHHHH baaaaabby rib eye steak with a savory Rhone from the chateauneuf du pape region.  My dessert wine...holy shiznitz, I think I may have bitten into the wine glass to ensure I tasted every last morsel.The only disappointment was their chocolate souffle.  it was subpar, mediocre, meh, I've had better.  But it's okay because I thoroughly enjoyed the main course.  One thing I also did not enjoy at all was the bacon cheese rolls.  Blech!! But the butter was, yup, you guessed it, Nice and Creamy!!!OH, and I forgot to mention the Jumbo Shrimp appetizer....my god, those things were HUGE . . . and size does matter, you better be damned sure I wanted my shrimp large and meaty and these shrimps did not disappoint.
5	Was here last Saturday night.  Came exactly at our reservation time of 9:30 and seeing how the place was packed I expected to wait awhile for our table only to be happily surprised to get seated almost immediately.  The outside was closed due to weather so they really had the tables close together but it worked out anyway as we were given a great table.  Mike our waiter was friendly, timely and attentive at all times we couldn't have asked for better. On to my steak...New York Strip, If not the best I've ever had it tied all the best I've ever had.  One word can't describe how much I enjoyed this steak, bite by bite. All in all a great dinner and I highly recommend this place.
5	Best ambiance! Best service! Best carpaccio! Amazing steak! John the server is amazing. Start with Steve's chopped salad and Beef carpaccio and definitely get steak, any cut, they are all amazing. You will not be disappointed.
5	zee best steakhouse. ever.my boyfriend and i were seated in front of the window.that made my first time at SW even more special!i had the chance to see the many shows during our meal AND enjoy the best meal ever in las vegas.we started with oysters. deeeeeeeelish!i had the 12oz filet mingon. i love it when it's exactly made medium rare. pink is my favorite. i knew i should've ordered the smaller size because i could not finish my filet. i tried my best though! my boyfriend had the bone in new york steak.both were juicy and made to order. we had creamed spinach and au gratin potatoes to pair.i also had a glass of merlot. MMM MMM GOOD!there were about three different shows. trippy and cool!everybody, it is true. SW lives up to its hype. i'll be back every time i'm in vegas!
5	I love this place! It show cases the waterfall from inside the restaurant , its beautiful. I will request to sit near it next time. We were sat in a corner facing the dining room which was excellent for people watching! We were greeted in a timely manner and the wine lists were dropped.  I wish they had more wines by the glass but I found something to drink anyways. I was no carbing but my best friend was RAVING about their Bacon bread , one of the best things on creation! I love the menu because it has variations of what you would normally see at most nice steak houses but they have "additions" or a topping on your steak for the additional cost. I think that set them different from all the rest!! The additions were foie gras ( OMG I was all over that!), scampi, Oscar, I can't remember the others but did I mention foie gras ?! Lol my friend and I had the beef carpaccio with toast points and baked parm and crab cake for apps. Both good but have had better crab cakes. For our entrees we shared the bone in rib eye with foie gras and shrimp scampi addition, scallops, Caesar salad (I asked for no croutons so they gave me baked parm, thought that was a nice touch) pork belly with Brussel sprouts ( wow so good!), and lobster mac and cheese. The funny part was we had a very small table but it all managed to fit with the Bacon bread ! LolOverall, it was awesome. The servers were nice, the second server knew we were foodies so asked us our favorite restaurants etc. Very nice conversation. We sat there for almost 3 hours and never felt rushed. Oh, since I was in Vegas after all, I saw Brock Lesnar there too. Can't really miss him lol  It was a great experience and I will go there again!!!!
5	This place was excellent. The best steakhouse I have ever eaten in. We we got there we knew we were getting the Porterhouse for two, med-rare, so we skipped the apps. We told the waitress we were just drinking beer and she didn't blink. Lots of places expect you order wine, but sometimes you just want beer. My wife/fiancee was drinking a drink the bartender made up and wasn't on the menu...she ordered three. The waitress was very attentive and was the rest of the staff. They really worked as a team. Even the water boy was helpful to us. The bread was excellent and warmed perfectly. The butter was soft, with extra virgin olive oil and fresh cracked black pepper to top. We were sat on the porch and had a wonderful view of the water show with singing frog and dancing balls. When our meal arrived it was like a ballet with the setting of the plates down to the serving of the meat.The Porterhouse: Came out perfectly at Med-Rare. I asked the waiter who the person on the line cooking it was. He said his name was Patrick.Patrick, that was the best piece of meat I have ever had. Anyone who thinks a steakhouse is just throwing expensive beef into a broiler is wrong. It was seasoned perfectly, rested perfectly and cut perfectly. It is hard to get an even cook on something that large and you did it better than anywhere else I have a had one; coming from Texas that is a lot of places. I am also in the restaurant industry so I know a little about how to cook. And no, I'm not a waiter or bartender. The sides were to die for. Lobster mac and cheese! Yummy! Large clumps of lobster and lots of it. Potatoes au gratin. Yummy. Perfect bite to the potatoes, cheese au gratined till nice of bubbly to form a perfect crust and well seasoned; something lots of places forget to do well with this dish. Season every two to three layers with lost of salt! The sauces were all great. The black pepper veal demi was great. The SW steakhouse sauce was a nice bbq blend. Bernaise, while not my favorite was perfect. You could tell that they made a reduction with vinegar and tarragon and the made the hollandaise and blended it. The Tropical fruit and jalepeno was great. At the end of the meal I had pre-ordered a special red velvet cake. It cost 25. I figured it would be okay. It was amazing. First off, it was big. Unbelievable frosting! It was beautiful too! The whole meal was great and I can not recommend this place enough!
5	Anything Steve Wynn touches turns to gold. So when a restaurant carries his initials nothing but complete excellence is a must. The atmosphere is amazing. This small, cozy steakhouse overlooks the waterfall at the lake of dreams. The waterfall shows run frequently on the hour & to say they are amazing is an understatement. The menu is filled with delicious, fatty options. Pretty much anything you order will suit your palate. The wine list is vast & martinis are strong. But beware! You will never dine here unless you plan ahead. Weekend reservations need to be made days in advance.
4	First off, this place is expensive. Know that going in. But you get what you pay for... I ordered the king crab pasta... blew my mind. Yes I know its a steakhouse but this was pretty amazing... never had anything like it. The waiters were extremely nice and helpful when talking about the dishes and helping us decide on how/what to order. Overall: Positive: Amazing food, AMAZING steak (had some of my friend's), very good deserts and a great staff. Negative: Expensive, and be warned - There are 2 Wagyu beef specials that we saw... one for $22 one for $150... we ordered just the Wagyu beef. Guess which one they assumed?? Dont get me wrong... it was amazing, but just mind what you order!
4	I took a hiatus from Vegas for about a year, which was both financially and liver health beneficial. I broke the hiatus for a celebration of a college friend's engagement with 11 other Michigan buddies - a worthy cause. I can only do Vegas for two nights, with one of them usually a nice and fun dinner. One of the other guys planed the dinner for Saturday night at SW, the steakhouse in the Wynn resort. We had a great table outside by the water and waterfall, which apparently does little "shows" every so often. Our favorite was a giant frog singing Garth Brooks. Funny.The meal was very good, but the steak was excellent, some of the best I've had in a while. I started with a cesar salad, but it was in a fun presentation. The lettuce was on the left side, lightly dressed, with a drisle of more dressing on the right side of the plate. The table ordered a bunch of sides to share, and my only complaint is that they weren't that large to share. James loved the truffle creamed corn, which was excellent, and I liked the creamed spinach since it wasn't overly creamy. We also had mashed potatoes and a lobster mac 'n cheese.But the star of the show was the steak, something everyone agreed with. I went with a 9 oz. fillet and it was tasty. They serve the meat with a nice char on the outside, which made each bite nice and salty with a crisp. I made sure to take intermediate bites of sides so that steak would last, but I loved how this was a great fillet that is different that other fillets of similar quality.SW might not be the best meal in town, but it was very good with some of the best steaks I've had in a while. If you sit outside the scenery is also great.  Everyone had a great time eating and toasting our "bachelor", which only led to more fun for the rest of evening.
3	This is a tough one. Do I rate it relative to the price? Or does price even come into play in a place like this? First off: The MEAT! This is definitely the most important measure of a prime steakhouse, so I'll start there. In our party of 4, we all ordered the most expensive steak on the menu ($150/each, New Zealand Wagyu beef). We were assured by the waiter that it would be the most amazing, melt-in-your-mouth steak that any of us had ever tasted and that we would notice a huge difference from their $40-$60 "normal" steaks.The Wagyu beef was amazing, but nowhere near $150 worth of amazing. Our waiter insisted that medium was the proper temperature for this particular steak and I WISH I had gone with my gut instinct and ordered it medium-rare. I thought it was slightly overdone. I also wish at least one of us would have opted for a $50 steak so that we could have done a side by side comparison. Overal, I'd give it 4 stars, but would drop it to 3 stars relative to the price tag.The setting: beautiful, classy, high-end steakhouse. It's a bit noisy, but I like that, since it gives the place a homey, comfy, vibe where you feel free to let your hair down and enjoy your meal. The service was fantastic, until the end of the night when we had to wait around for 20 minutes after finishing our dessert.The booze: The alcohol list was very impressive, but we were in no condition to partake, because we all had the "bottle flu" from the night before.The sides: salads were phenomenal!! The iceberg wedge was adorned with amazing dressing and perfect bleu cheese chunks. It also had a slab of bacon on the side that must have been at least 1/8 of a pound. Nice! The crab soup was good, not great. Spicy shrimp cocktail was wonderful with ginormous shrimp and perfectly spiced sauce. Au Gratin potatoes were perfection, although a very small portion. Lobster mac and cheese was good, but nothing to write home about. Asparagus was perfectly prepared and the black truffle shavings added a nice, earthy, flavor. Dessert: you MUST order the funnel cakes! These things are stunning! They're fun. They're delicious. They come with strawberries almost as big as your fist. They're a great value at $18. We couldn't finish them.Overall: 3 stars it is. Our bill was just over the $1,000 mark for four of us, with ZERO alcohol. I can't give this place 4 stars, given that pricetag. The Wagyu was great, and I'm glad we tried it, but I would never order it again. I would certainly go back to SW, but I've had equally impressive experiences at many other Vegas steakhouses for a much better value.
4	First off, the complimentary bacon and cheese bread was excellent. I always judge a restaurant by their bread, and it was not a disappointment. The bacon provided a nice salt contrast to the cheese.We ordered:Tuna Ceviche for the Appetizer - This was one of the best ceviche's i've ever had. The tuna was ridiculously fresh and it comes with sesame rice crackers and some sort of green sauce. Definitely a great appetizer to start a mealBone In Ribeye Steak - I ordered the steak medium rare and it came out the way I ordered. The crust was perfectly charred. While not the greatest steak ever, it was still a good piece of meat. I can say that it needed just a tad bit more seasoning. I still think Ruth Chris' ribeye is still the best steak I've ever eaten. It might be the butter. Lobster Mac N Cheese - This was the letdown of the entire meal. The cheese sauce wasn't creamy enough, which led to an odd texture.Potatoes Au Gratin - One of the stars of the meal. Anyone who eats here must order this. Really delicious.Foie Gras - This was the first time eating foie gras, but wow, this piece of duck liver was delicious. I kept thinking to myself what my own liver would taste like (probably pretty terrible since I'm partying every weekend). The liver was pan seared and when you bite it into, it just melts in your mouth and leaves this strange, but great flavor after the bite.
5	AMAZING!  This place is seriously one of the BEST places I have ever been to in the United States.  If you are ever in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and stop here.My friends & I made reservations the night before.  We were seated right away when we arrived on a busy Friday night.  Our waiter, Christopher, was very welcoming and friendly.  He was attentive all through dinner and made sure that everything was OK. We ended up ordering 4 different meals to share: big eye tuna ceviche, seafood spectacular, ribeye steak, and crab cake.  The ceviche was delicious.  It just melted in your mouth as soon as it touched your lips.  Best ceviche I have ever had.  The seafood spectacular was the best thing that we had.  It was a combination of jumbo shrimp, oysters, crab legs, and a crab salad.  All the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  No other seafood compared to what we had here during our trip.  The ribeye steak was perfect.  Charred to perfection on the outside and juicy in the middle.  Orgasmic.  There is not much to say about the crab cake.  It was kind of a disappointment compared to the rest of the food.  But despite that, I still give this place 5 stars.I will be back here for sure during my next trip to Vegas.  I wish there was a Chicago location!
5	If you're looking for the only place to spend more than $300 for dinner, come here. I promise, you won't be disappointed! SW Steakhouse is a very classy and swanky restaurant. Here's the scoop on why I award them a 4.0 GPA:+ Seating was very quick, but I recommend making a reservation because this place is uber popular. + The servers were right on key with EVERYTHING. You definitely get what you pay for. The management here really keep the ambiance and experience top notch with every aspect of the meal. For example, my ice tea (not a big drinker obviously) was always filled. My colleague's 1/2 bottle of wine was poured perfectly+ All the food came out in a timely manner! Very important especially when there's multiple guests in your party. + Our servers were very professional, but funny. Their humor felt real and I felt a good connection with them. + The food was absolutely excellent: veal (scrumptious and tender with the bone in...) Thanks to SW, I've found my favorite food of all time. crab soup was filling and was presented in a artful way, making it better tasting! + For me, it's all about the bathroom, but at SW, they gave us this dessert that lifted my spirits so high! Sounds corny, but damn, I was hella happy. I saw in the corner of my eye this dessert structure of mini funnel cakes on a mini tree lined with fat strawberries and 3 dipping sauces. I seriously hope I'm this happy when I get married. Lastly, know that you're paying for excellence here so don't be surprised. If you have it in your budget to have dinner here, I highly recommend it. And don't forget to try that dessert. Maybe you'll be as happy as I was.
5	When I first decided to go here I figured it would just be an over priced, average steak. I was wrong. This was one of the best steaks I have ever had. I had the bone in rib-eye. It was perfectly seared so it had a nice crisp outside with a smooth, tender center. Perfectly cooked. I also had the shrimp cocktail which only consisted of 3 shrimp, but they were huge. For sides we had the creamed corn, potatoes au gratin, and the fries. All were very good.I don't really think its possible to have desert unless you are planing on it the whole time since the first few courses are likely to fill you up. Overall, it was a great meal and as long as I can afford it, I would probably go again.
5	On par with the best in my book (Del Frisco's and BLT).  The ribeye was obviously cooked at some unimaginably hot temperature.  Crisp and salty outside, juicy medium inside.  It was not one of the hand massaged Beethoven listening cattle cuts, but this $56 bone in ribeye was good regardless.  However the most memorable item of the night was the creamed corn with truffle shavings.  I have thought about it everyday since our visit last week.  The scalloped potatoes were really good too.  I enjoyed the crab soup my wife did not.  It was a light tomato base soup I think, nothing creamy or overly filling.  The tomatoes on the wedge, or whatever they call it there, were quite an assortment of shape, color, and taste.  Service and decor were flawless, just like we witnessed throughout the entire hotel.  Its amazing how they bring elegance and intimacy to the middle of Vegas.  Definitely recommend this place.
3	This place is marked by impeccable service- every server has a high attention to detail, is helpful, and pleasant.Our party of ten people split appetizers which allowed us to share asparagus, creamed corn, Mac and cheese, and other tasty treats. We inhaled all of our cheddar bacon biscuits- yum!I did not order a steak for dinner (I know,   I know, it's a STEAKHOUSE) but wanted something a tad lighter so I ordered the seared scallops on a bed of risotto. It was perfect.One note: the waterfall show during dinner is FREAKY-- it would be best enjoyed while tripping on acid. It's a strange interruption to the flow of the dinner conversation and it takes away from the classy atmosphere.Overall, it was a lovely dinner, but didn't stand out enough that I would come back on my next trip.
3	Based on eating here twice, SW is ok. Compared with high end steakhouses in NYC, Boston, Chicago, I'd say the food is sub par. With the exception of the actual filet and parts of the seafood platter, I was unimpressed. All the sides I had on both nights varied from average to "are you serious with this crap?"The decor, atmosphere and waterfall-lightshow-psychedelic-frog thing were solid, but it didn't make up for the food. The service was standard high-end steakhouse excellence and worthy of 4.5 stars alone. I'm sure there have to be better steak options in Vegas. My sense is that SW gets the benefit of the doubt from a lot of people because it's in the Wynn which is one of the best properties on the strip - shame.Take a pass on this one.
5	Food excellent. View is fantastik you have the waterfall. Service great.well worth going
4	this place is amazing.from the service to the food to the drinks, everything is first-class.our waiter was attentive to us at all times, refilling our bread basket every 15-20 minutes. I loved the fact there was a designated water boy, who stood in a corner, and refilled everyone's water glass the moment it hit half empty.The porterhouse was good, but what really got me was the actual Japanese KOBE beef. omg...amazing.... yummyIf you come here, be prepared to shell out at least $100 bucks/person. it's worth it though
4	went friday night with a group of ten guys...excellent service and great experience (second time i've been here). everything was cooked perfectly. steaks rund $40 and up and sides are $10-20.-creamed corn - best side dish..finely cut up corn mashed in with some kind of heavy cream. extremly creamy and great starter-cream spiniach - solid creamed spinach but not anything that stands out-bacon bread muffin (comes complimentary) - so delicious but watch out cause you don't wana fill up eating on this before you bite into your steak-giant porterhouse for two - cut and placed in a giant sizzling platter with onions and carrots. the filet and strip portions were cooked perfectly and meat was extremely juicy. no sauce necessary-bone in ribeye - extremely juicy and good ti'll the last bite. -funnel cake tower - awesome funnel cakes..very light and nicely fried with three options to dip your sauce into. excellent view of the man made waterfall and woody scenery. great service and all our meats were cooked to order.
4	Excellent steak and service. Not quite up to Cut but very good I think the quality of the meat at Cut is higher but this is a top notch steak house
5	Best steakhouse ever.Tried filet mignon and new york strip. Both delicious! Highly recommend this place to steak lovers!
3	I've been to nearly all of the highly rated steak places in Vegas, and this one was decidedly mediocre. It wasn't even as good as the less-highly-regarded Botero at the Encore, so that alone was disappointing. We came here for my little sister's 21st. She started the evening off by ordering a margarita. Odd at a steak place (umm you drink martinis and red wine!), but she's 21, so whatever. It was AWFUL. Undrinkable. Her 21 year old buddy got one as well and both of them couldn't choke them down. I figured the $15 margarita couldn't be THAT bad, so i tried some. Yup, decidedly awful. Ok, so we aren't getting off to a great start...We got beef carpaccio and foie gras to start. Beef carpaccio was boring, but it tasted decent enough. The foie gras on the other hand was disappointing. Probably ranks close to the bottom of all the foie I've had in Vegas. While it wasn't badly prepared, it was just missing something.My husband and I made the mistake of splitting the filet mignon and adding lobster. The $49 lobster add on was awful. The chewiest, most flavorless awful lobster I've had in a LONG time. EW. The filet was decent. I liked the crust, but the steak definitely was nothing special. My dad finished maybe 1/3rd of his ribeye before giving up and calling it too blah to eat. Yes, we're brats about steak, but when you are paying $60 per steak you expect it to be mind blowing. I've eaten 5 better steaks in the past month! Sad. The $18 funnel cake for dessert was fun. It was lots of small funnel cakes randomly stuck in what looked like a mini metal forest sculpture thing. They were tasty. My sister ordered a piece of red velvet cake for her birthday. This was NOT tasty. It was dry and flavorless. How freaking hard is Red Velvet cake ???Service was decent and the atmosphere was nice. Not a bad evening, but not a spectacular one either. At these prices I guess I just expect more these days! Next time I would choose Cut, Botero, Carnevino, or Strip Steak instead to name a few... The dining at the Wynn seems to be going downhill. No more Daniel, no more Alex, and we are left with mediocre steak and vegan food.
4	Full Disclosure: my dinner was complimentary so I am not taking price into account. The service was fantastic. I wanted to hire the waiter to come teach the wait staff in Miami (where I live) what real service looks like. He knew that silverware crossed on your plate means your still eating and he was polite and efficient. We had a mistake with one of the caviars we ordered and the waiter graciously gave us a new order (that's three caviars people). The caviar was fantastic but I love caviar. Grilled shrimp was brushed with a perfectly flavored lemongrass sauce and all the sides were terrific: fries, onions and jalapenos, cream corn, etc. And now presenting the steak: normally, new york strip is tough and for this reason I don't eat it. However, my husband's steak was soft, buttery and delicious. For me, the top is a little too charred but everyone else at the table thought it was great. The lobster was terrific as well. Overall, I really liked this place but if I had to spend close to $500 dollars here to eat I might have thought differently. Cocktails and ambience rocked as well.
4	I had the pleasure of eating at SW Steakhouse this past weekend in Vegas. The experience was all that I had expected and more.My group of 6 was luckily able to get a last minute reservation for a Saturday night and we even got a table partly facing the Wynn's beautiful waterfall. Our waiter was extremely helpful and knowledgeable as we asked a slew of questions about food choices. Appetizers: I ordered the sauteed foie gras with grilled pineapple, brioche toast and blackberry jam. The foie gras MELTED in your mouth. The blackberry jam at first seemed an odd choice with the foie gras, however it added the perfect amount of sweetness to the dish.Main course: I shared the 20 ounce bone in rib eye steak with another person...and yes I stole the piece with the bone (which definitely had the sweeter meat on it). The rib-eye was cooked medium rare JUST as I had requested. It was lightly charred on the outside and juicy on the inside. No one dared try the spicy chili and garlic garnish! I'm sure it was great. We ordered the Black truffle creamed corn, parmesan creamed spinach, and the gold potato puree as sides and each were delicious.. favorite was the black truffle corn. The truffle wasn't overbearing.Last but not least, we ended with the chocolate souffle. The homemade ice cream and cherries were to die for. Perfect end to a great trip in Vegas. I will definitely be going back to this restaurant the next time I'm there so I can try the seafood!
1	My husband took me to SW Steakhouse for my birthday last week. We started shared the Jumbo Shrimp, Chopped Salad, Rib-eye, Asparagus, Gratin potatoes and Velvet Cake ending with coffee. Too bad it made me vomit right after the meal. When we notified the SW Steakhouse they informed us no one beside my husband and I became ill and no other complaints for food borne illness for June 21, 2011. DO NOT GO HERE! I felt they did not take our concern for the safety of the customers seriously. Shame Shame Mr. Wynn and your staff!
5	Let me start by saying OMG! As I was on my plane to Vegas this weekend. I enjoyed my complimentary DirectTV and of course I am on the FOOD NETWORK.BY FATE its  THE BEST THING I EVER ATE LAS VEGAS.Here is the run down with out all the BS intro.WHAT TO ORDER:BEEF CARPACCIO (super yum for starters)CHILE RUBBED RIB EYE (it feeds 2 if youre hungry) the dish is to DIE FOR the best thing on the entree menu TRUST ME Meat was so soft so melt in your mouth delish. My mouth is watering thinking about it. (109$)As for the side dishes try the Black truffle creamed corn...and the au gratin is meh so just get the fries or its just nothing since the entree is huge.Must try the Banana Creme Brule. and the dessert wine Torque or something ask the wine/beverage guy he knows what its called. Or the Cool ass looking funnel cake thingys with 4 diff sauces to dip.Oh and the bread basket is freaking good too, cheddar bacon bread thing and hot and fresh. 5 star service.  HAPPY EATING!
3	I thought the atmosphere was nice and the staff knew their stuff. I was immediately blown away by the ridiculous prices. Yes, it's Las Vegas. So they take full advantage of marking everything up quite well. The portions are fairly small except for the steaks. They're pretty large and rich. I got the halibut ($38). It was good but a little dry. I tried my friend's steak and it was quite tasty. The sides are good but small ($12 each). The potatoes, creamed spinach, sauteed mushrooms and peppers were the best. The wine list is HUGE. Be sure to bring your gold bars for the $60,000 bottles. And there are more expensive ones than this one.I don't plan on going back. I went for a bachelor party. There were 14 of us and we each paid $130 at the end. I'm sure there are good steakhouses in the area that are a little easier on the wallet and still give you good value and quality.Get the chocolate souffle. It's very good.Be aware that the prices may be higher on some items than what is shown on their website.
5	Came here for my birthday and was impressed with the beauty, customer service, and the food.  Great place if you are a " steak and potatoes" type of man/woman. :-)
4	Great restaurant ... Excellent wine ... Seafood appetizer great starter... Steaks medium rare like butter ... Marvelous place for buisness or pleasure dining
5	This is a wonderful special occasion restaurant. SW Steakhouse takes their steak seriously, the portions are huge and delicious. I had the New York Strip and it was so large I couldn't finish it. If you're planning a visit here, skip lunch that day so that you can make the most of dinner.We went here for a bachelor party dinner and all of the guys loved it. We sampled nearly every side dish on the menu and they all get five stars. The sommelier was attentive and very helpful in offering selections to fit the diverse linkings of a table of 14 guys.It's expensive, but it's worth it.
5	OMG!  Delicious, decadent, and worth every penny.We started with the chop and heirloom tomato salads. Theynwere excellent.  Foie gras torchon was also very good as an app.For dinner my wife and I shared the chili rubbed bone-in double rib eye.  We ordered this based on the review from the Food Network show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate.". It did not disappoint!  They chili rub made very a very tasty crust, and the onions, jalapenos, and peppers were a nice twist.  Definitely not your typical steakhouse fare.We will definitely go back.
5	The steak alone is worth a visit.  I have eaten outstanding steaks in some of the beef centers of the United States -- the stockyards in Oklahoma City; the stockyards in Fort Worth, Texas; Kansas City; and Kamuela, Hawaii.  But all those steaks cannot compare to the bone-in New York steak and filet mignon at SW Steakhouse.  Fork-tender, trimmed to perfection, flavored to enhance but not outshine the beef; and grilled absolutely right!  The New York steak was prepared medium as ordered, and the filet mignon was exactly medium rare also as ordered.The creamed corn with truffle and SW fries were excellent, and the chocolate souffle was warm and decadent.  But the true star of the dinner was the steaks!If you appreciate quality steaks, you must dine at SW Steakhouse at the Wynn!  Nothing else needs to be written about this restaurant except that the quality of the beef and the skillful preparation are A+.
4	What an enchanting dining establishment. Our reservation was for shortly after the restaurant opened, so for a short time we were one of just a few other patrons. I will say that not having any background noise from other patrons made the music stand out, and what was playing didn't seem to fit the vibe of the room. Pop and top 40 really isn't what any of us were expecting and we commented on it throughout our meal.The servers were polite and informative. It was also a treat to have the ladies served first. It's been quite some time since I've seen a server pass over the male patron to serve the female first. Old-fashioned I know, but I still enjoyed it. I have to say the filet mignon was perfection. I enjoy mine medium rare and with a thick cut of meat, getting the middle of it done just right can be tricky. My cut was done exactly as I like it, and the flavoring of the meat was fantastic. I also have to gush about the truffle cream corn. It was so good I almost wanted to take a bath in it. We also had the treat of them opening up the shades and doors to the outside seating area part way through out meal. Initially it was too warm out to have done so, but as the evening set in and the sun eased off they threw open the doors to the terrace and let in the sweet desert air. I will say the attire of several other diners surprised me. Flannel and jeans...really? Couldn't even be bothered to put on a pair of slacks, huh? Listen up, if I can be bothered to put on a damn dress, the least you can do is find a damn tie. Overall, I enjoyed SW and would recommend it to friends, but the should really enforce a certain level of attire and think about changing up the music.
4	After finding out Rosemary's closed it's doors we were on the hunt to quickly find a restaurant to dine at for the weekend in Vegas.  Apparently Robuchon is closed to remodel and L'Atelier was fully booked so we opted for a steakhouse.  Having heard good things of SW, we quickly made reservations.Arrived a tad bit early to find the restaurant pretty dead with only a few tables being utilized.  SW has an awesome view of a waterfall which you preview while taking the escalator down.  Patrons can be seated in or outside for dining.  Since it was 105, we opted to dine inside.Have heard so many good things about their chili rubbed ribeye so I knew ahead of time what I'd be ordering.  Quickly ordered a glass of wine and opted for the regular ribeye but w/ the chili rub.Bread basket  (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=iLYHTbVonwM-pGooO9GiXQ).  The bacon and cheese bread was awesome, not as good as Scarpetta's salami and mozzarella but it was very very tasty.  Served with the bread basket is butter seasoned with Hawaiian black and red sea salt (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=UNzDVICa54Dm08njtxOMvg).  For the side we shared the black truffle creamed corn (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=B5aveYAlN1B7a4OMjVgobA).  Not what I was expecting as it was a very sweet side almost tasted dessert like but the black truffles really enhanced the corn.Bone-in ribeye (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=tlNeFcA82jbTKC-lYEk3HQ).  Luckily I didn't have to order the double bone-in ribeye inorder to sample SW's famous chili rub (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=kRlnMG-EqrIB8SMTT-Rbxg).  The steak was cooked perfectly and although I like my meat just sea salt and pepper, the chili rub did live up to the hype.  It added a nice flavor to the steak and wished it was cooked with the sauce instead of being served on the side.For dessert we ordered the dark chocolate souffle cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L_ZLtfHvfzfoNVQ0-okTXg?select=v8z1Y4kymU0hTY0_xc0ftw).  A great way to end a good meal and the brandied cherries were the highlight of the dessert.  I thought that the souffle cake was more of a molten chocolate cake than a souffle, still was tasty.Only complaint for the night is that we had little flies buzzing around as they opened up the glass door to the patio and also the fact that it got a little warm inside towards the end of dinner.  Service was awesome and would definitely be back in the future.
5	Our dinner here was enjoyable and the food worth every dollar. The place is pretty big, with plenty of outdoor sitting. We asked for a table outdoors so we could see the Lake of Dreams but was placed in a table right in between, although by the end of our meal we were glad they did, because it was getting cold and the Lake of Dreams turned out to be lame (one showed a frog singing "What a Wonderful World" and another showed two balls making rated R sounds and out comes a baby ball... Really now? =.='').Complementary bread & butter. I have to mention that I love their butter, I couldn't stop eating the bread because of the butter.Appetizer:Maryland Blue Crabcake - They kindly splitted the crabcake for us, so we each had our own. We both liked it, it was flavorful and complex, I can't describe how it tastes but it was good.Main Course:Porterhouse for Two - We asked for medium rare and it was done to perfection. The filet side was oh-my-god good, it was so tender, so juicy, so flavorful. The strip side, although was very good itself (compared to other strip steaks), when compared next to the filet, it was obvious which is the better cut.Roasted Sonoma Foie Gras - This is my first time eating foie gras, and it's set some high standards for any future ones I'm going to eat. It literally MELTS in your mouth. The flavor is strong and it has a nice roasted aroma that lingers. With every bite, I wonder why I've never tried it.Dessert:Funnel Cakes - We thought we were going to get one or two, but no, we got SIX. How is two people going to eat six funnel cakes after so much meat?! Anyways... these are the BEST funnel cakes I've EVER had. It was hot and crisp, comes perched on mini tree branches, served with three dipping sauces: chocolate, some sort of vanilla cream, and caramel. Chocolate is standard. The vanilla cream was very good, not too sweet, it's kinda of like melted vanilla ice cream. Caramel was too sweet, and we both have a sweet tooth.Advice: break your funnel cake into small pieces and dip it into the vanilla cream instead of spreading it on the funnel cake, it makes the cake soggy really fast. Dip it again in chocolate for a chocolate vanilla ice cream taste!
3	Went back here with some of my peeps after a couple years lay off.  I re-read my previous review and I think my take is still the same.  But I will give you a review of what we had this time.The majority of our party got the double chile rubbed rib eye.  I gotta say this was an excellent dish.  Nice chile flavor and the meat was very tender.  One thing the waiter told us was that you can pretty much order the chile rub with any steak on the menu.  A little inside tip for y'all.This time the wife and I split a tomahawk steak.  It looked awesome when it came to our table and it was very good.  But, I don't know that it was any different than a regular bone in rib eye.  We got morel mushrooms, creamed spinach, and truffled corn for sides.  The sides were tasty especially the truffled corn.  But I had a big problem with the size of the sides.  They cost $18 each and were very small portions.  My original review stands.  Very elegant first class restaurant but the food, for the price, is average.
5	Wow! Amazing steak, amazing shows, amazing service (but don't come when you are super hungry...we waited over 45 mins for our steaks). My bridesmaid picked this place for dinner since we were going clubbing at XS afterwards. We waited approx 15 minutes for our outside table by the lake/pond. Their breads are delish! I shared a bone in rib eye with my other bridesmaid. It was soooo delicious. One of the best steaks I have ever tasted. That's right I said one of the best! Our group of 7 girls shared several sides: mac n cheese with pretzel bits 3/5, mushrooms 3/5, mashed potatoes 4/5, potatoes au gratin 5/5. Then for dessert our really friendly waiter talked us into getting the funnel cake. Who knew funnel, strawberries dipped in salted carmel could taste so heavenly. Not only was the food pretty much amazing, but the personal touches (thanks to Twin Star) really impressed me. I opened up the menu and it was titled Kim's Bachelorette Party! And then when dessert came, the chef wrote Congratulations on the plate with Hersey syrup! Thank you to all my lovely girls and the wait staff for making this event ever so special.
3	This past Friday night a friend and I had dinner at SW. We sat at the bar and they do offer a full menu at the bar. I ordered the steakhouse chopped salad which was very good, and in addition to the salad, I ordered the grilled shrimp. I had to send it back twice. Once because it was cold, the second time because it was raw. Receiving raw, uncooked shrimp is not what you would expect from this type of steakhouse.
2	This wasn't all that. I ordered the scallops with the risotto and um....yeah one of my scallops were raw,lacked color and flavor andmy risotto was like....stick/mushy. And I didn't want to make a big deal about it, I mean I ate the other 2 scallops so I was like "whatever". My aunt next me ordered the filet well done.....but she got it and it was burnt to a crisp! Lol I couldn't believe it. Sometimes u really don't get what you pay for. I just wasn't impressed. Oh, and it was a Sunday so they prob had a different chef working that day.....BUT still no excuse. The food should be made up to parr.
4	Went with 3 people and the bill was $285 before tip. $50 corkage fee - wine must not be on their list, limit of 2.We entered at around 6pm and there were maybe 5-6 other tables. We got seated on this pillar, hard to describe. I think our server's name was Nina? starters:maryland blue crabcake - great. fluffy, flavorful, yum!steve's chopped salad - surprisingly, this was really good. no regretsmeal:we shared the following:42 oz. chile rubbed double rib eye  -wow..great meat, great oils, watch out for the pepper, it's really spicy (green one). I was waiting 3 months to have this, and it almost lived up to my expectations. The meat was good, but it wasn't "melt in your mouth." I still enjoyed it to the last bit. ate both of the ribs on the plate, haah.2 - roasted sonoma foie gras- this was good, i love foie gras, but my party didn't so we only needed 1, 2 was overkill.au gratin potatoes - if you love cheese....this is no question the best dishblack truffle creamed corn - this was a great balancer to the meal. the peppers were so spicy, this helped a lot.Overall, the service was top shelf. They were not intrusive, observed from a far and knew when we needed their assistance. the corkage fee was over the top, but they did decant the wine in a nice decanter, provide stemware, but still, $50 for corkage seemed steep.i'll come here again, it was a great gift to my best friend and we left full.
5	One of my favorite steakhouses anywhere.Great food try staves chop salad
3	Do you want the good news or the bad news first?  I think I'll start with the good and sweeten up this review and then end it on a bitter note as this is how I feel about this steakhouse.The ambience of this restaurant itself is classy, romantic and with the giant frog that pops out and starts singing over the waterfall...i'd even say magical.  Service was great.  Friendly servers who are able to make recommendations on the menu and wine list.  Our drinks were refilled and they checked on us just enough.  I saw them watching from afar ready to service us if we were in need of anything.There were 5 of us in the party and plus tip we each paid $125.  We ordered the Maryland Blue Crab Cake, Kobe Beef Carpaccio, Filet Mignon, Bone in Rib Eye, Bone in New York, Chile Rubbed Rib Eye for 2 (42oz) and wine all around.  We also had the Au Gratin potatoes, mushrooms and 2 orders of the black truffled cream corn based on the servers recommendation.  I loved the crab cake.  It was made out of blue crab so the meat was sweet and full of crab flavor.  The crab cake was light, fluffy and cooked perfectly.  The carpaccio was okay.  I think i've had better carpaccio elsewhere.  I loved loved loved the Black truffle cream corn.  My favorite item of the evening.  This dish was divine.  Creamy, sweet, melt in your mouth delicious.  The mushrooms were also good but it's sauteed mushrooms...you really can't screw that up.The bad news...which is the steak :(I tried my hubby's filet mignon.  It was good but slightly cooked medium well about half the steak and the other half cooked perfectly at medium rare which he asked for.  Honestly, I think I cooked filet mignon once at home and we kept saying throughout dinner that it was amazing.  Yup, hands down I make a better steak than SW.My friend ordered the bone in rib eye medium well but it came out well.  Not the slightest hint of pink at all.  That got sent back to the kitchen and a new piece of rib eye came out cooked medium well...but mainly in the center.  The sides were still medium well.  I shared the 42oz chile rub with my friend and that was only decent.  A good portion of the steak was uneatable as it was chewy and it had a lot of the muscle tendon tough stuff.  Only the middle part was good and even then it wasn't tender melt in your mouth steak.  Overall, I was bummed that we spent a bit of money here and the steak was just okay.  This is a steakhouse after all...but it did not rock my tastebuds.
3	LDW 2011 in Vegas!!!! We were celebrating my birthday at SW on Monday night because Sunday night at Mastro's was a bust due to food poisoning from the Lobby Bar in Encore. Read my review and be advised to stay away from the spicy shrimp!!!! Ok on to SW --Service - 3.5 starsHe was attentive but not annoying. Just wish he could've mustered up a little more enthusiasm. I heard they pool the tips so I guess they don't really have any incentive to pretend they are happy to serve us dinner.Food - 2.75Are you kidding me with $62 for a 12oz filet and $12 per side?!  I know it's Encore and I know it's Vegas, but I also know what these things cost at the grocery store and I don't even buy in bulk like a hotel!!!My husband and I decided to split everything. We started with the iceberg lettuce salad with blue cheese, bacon and tomato. It did not wow me, but it didn't break the bank either.  We ordered the 12oz filet and a side of creamed corn. I like my filets still mooing and he likes leather shoes.  Mine came out medium and his came out medium well. Not good for a steak restaurant to mess up their main event, but we were in a time crunch, so there was no sending food back to the kitchen!!! I have to say it certainly was not the best I ever ate and not worth the ridiculous amount of money.  The creamed corn was just plain odd. Our friends ordered a caesar salad, filets, and a side of mac & cheese. They enjoyed their filet, but the mac and cheese was sub par.The decor and ambience - 3 starsNothing super fancy especially considering the overpriced food and the view of the dreamscape was a little much during dinner. Yeah yeah cool your jets!!!  I know it's Vegas, but I want to know what  kind of drugs the creator was on that decided that set up was a good idea. The demographics for the peeps that can afford to eat there and those who may be interested in that wackiness is way off!!!Bartenders - 3.5 stars for heavy hands on the liquorWatch out the drinks will knock you out with one punch. So order wisely and proceed with caution.3.5 stars for bringing me mints and a plate with a birthday greeting on it. Overall 3.0 stars for the experienceWould I return to SW? Probably not because there are so many fine restaurants that are truly worth every penny in Vegas. Encore I think you can do better.
3	OMG the steaks are huge! I dont eat red meat  but everyone else that ate it said it was good and juicy. We had a fixed meal off the menu b/c it was for a wedding reception. Starters were some crab soup, which i wasn't to fond of and caesar salad. The crab cakes are good. I had the fish and it was kind of dry and over cooked also pretty bland. Dessert was a coco truffle bar that was pretty good. Service was good.
2	Two important words: EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING!I didn't know until after dining here and going on Wynn's site once I got home, but SW managed to receive the AAA four diamond award four consecutive years starting from 2008.  In one word, HOW?!My friends and I were in Vegas last weekend to celebrate our birthdays.  After seeing SW on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate", my friend decided to have our dinner here since it was in walking distance because we were staying at the Encore.LOCATION:Wynn Hotel, across from Chanel, overlooking the Lake of Dreams.Tip: Request a table outside on the patio because there are frog and light shows during dinner (I just learned this while dining)FOOD:*Complimentary bread: Take a bacon cheese bread, spread the butter, sea salt, and olive oil brought to the table and enjoy!*Porterhouse for Two (40oz, $106) - Ugh, our meat was overcooked past a medium rare.  Not knowing where SW was located, I called down to the front desk from our room and was told to try the Porterhouse because that's what SW was known for.  My friend offered to split the dish with me and it was so disappointing.  The steak lacked proper flavoring and probably all but one small piece (the very middle) was overcooked.  I wasn't the only one complaining my meat was overcooked.  Out of party of 7, only one was not overcooked.  My friend ate nearly a third of his steak before we convinced him to send it back. SIDES:*Black Truffle Creamed Corn - Good and a must try!  I loved the sweetness of the dish.*Parmesan Creamed Spinach - Ok, but I think the spinach could've been cooked more. Pieces were still a bit crunchy.*Fingerling Potatoes, Green Beans - The green beans and bacon were good, nothing memorable about this.*Mac & Cheese - Ok, you usually can't mess up mac and cheese.DESSERT:*Funnel Cake - Order it!!  It was delicious.  The presentation was beautiful with warm funnel cake pieces hanging on a tree branch setup.  The funnel cake is meant to be dipped in one of the three accompanying sauces: vanilla, chocolate, or caramel.  Sadly, dessert was the best part of my meal at a steakhouse.SERVICE:While our waitress did her typical duties of taking our order, she was MIA most of the time.  She did not check up on us but found that if we wanted her attention, we had to wave our hands in the air.  This happened NOT once, but twice.  The second time, my friend said his steak was overcooked and she said she would take care of.  She then looked at the rest of our table and asked if everyone else's was cooked to our liking with a snippy tone of voice.  I did not appreciate her tone of voice nor her lacking in the customer service/waitressing department.  The servers on the other hand were great and constantly kept our water glasses filled.AMBIANCE:Like I've said before, request a table on the patio.  Every so often they have light shows on the patio water area.  The frog show was odd, the colors were beautiful (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=YOChRzTztTL_KooP9wEtSQ&select=q6IWl2qWin2aAxdmYtDnZQ).  The noise level wasn't loud and you were able to hear conversations.
2	This place was extremely disappointing.  Both my husband and I felt that everything we had was super salty.  The steak was improperly cooked and left a bad taste  in my mouth.    I feel like the recognition of this restaurant is only being given credit due to the WYNN name.
2	Incredibly disappointing experience at SW Steakhouse. As many other yelpers have said before, we felt that because we were on the younger side our waitor  treated us as if we were non-existent. All the older patrons around us were getting checked on constantly and we were left with bare bones service. The servers pouring water were really the only ones paying attention to us. When you know you are going to be spending +$100/person I think you can expect great service and this wasn't even close to that. The food was good, especially the beef carpaccio appetizer. It was so delicious and a perfect way to start the meal out. The steak was overcooked ughh -  we might have tried to discuss it with the waiter if we could just find him. My scallop entree was wonderful and the sauce was perfect. As many others have said ask to sit on the patio by the "lake" with the show that goes on every 30 mins. We requested this and were told we would be out there on the phone, then we were shoved in the far back corner of the dining room. That was just another annoying thing that happened, but we didn't want to make a big deal about it. Now looking back, after the service was so bad I wish I would have. At least then we could have enjoyed the show!
5	Awesome
2	I've been meaning to come to SW Steakhouse for quite sometime now and after a failed attempt to get a reservation back in April, I was determined to get one the next Vegas round. We arrived a little past our reservation but we were promptly seated in the outdoor seating area next to the waterfall, which I might add was very beautiful and totally complimented the dining experience. They put on little shows for you as soon as the sun sets, they also have lights reflecting onto the water that change in color. So pretty! =)APPETIZERSAUTEED FOIE GRAS w/ Grilled Pineapple, Brioche Toast and Blackberry Jam- Oh what a dish this was, the foie gras was perfectly seared (not burned, like the last foie gras I had). The pineapple added a nice contrast to the foie gras, at first I wasn't too sure it'd be a good combination BUT it was. Also the blackberry jam complimented the foie gras very well.I'M GOING TO NEED MORE WATER42OZ CHILI RUBBED DOUBLE RIBEYE- Like Cherylynn N. mentioned, this dish was featured on Food Networks "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" so we had fairly high hopes for this dish. SO DISAPPOINTING,  the chili rub was way too overpowering, too salty, too much seasoning, IT WAS JUST TOO MUCH and too much of something can't always be good.  I found myself having to drink a couple of glasses of water because the rub was too overbearing and took away from the steaks flavor! I'm shocked that this would be on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" because this didn't come anywhere close to being the best thing I ever ate. Oh, might I add that our steak was OVERCOOKED!!SIDELINERSBLACK TRUFFLE CREAMED CORN, PARMESAN CREAMED SPINACH, MAC 'N CHEESE, FINGERLING POTATOES w/ Green Beans & Bacon- Our of all the sides, I thought the mac n' cheese was the best. Why? Because I like mac n' cheese, that good enough for ya? =X THERE'S ALWAYS ROOM FOR DESSERTFUNNEL CAKE & STRAWBERRIES w/ Anglaise, Salty Caramel and Fudge Sauce- THANK GOD FOR DESSERTS! This was the best out of all the dishes we had. The funnel cake was soft and warm and when dipped in any of the 3 dipping sauces was like taking a bite of heaven. HI, YES WE'RE STILL HERE! (SERVICE)So, our waitress was MIA more than half the time. I don't remember her checking on us at all but I watched her multiple times go to tables where older customers were seated and checked up on them. The only times we saw her was when we placed our orders, when our friend had to complain about his steak because it was WAY OVERCOOKED and when she handed us the bill. A restaurant in the Wynn lacks service in their restaurants, I'm shocked. OVERCOOKEDAh, now you must be wondering about the overcooked steak. If not, YOU BETTER START TO WONDER!! =X jk. All joking aside, our friend had to send his steak back because his steak was cooked well-done instead of medium-rare. How in God's name does a steakhouse overcook a steak? How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand! Our waitress then asked our party if everyone's steak was cooked to their liking but she said it in a tone, a tone like "UGH F%^&, ANYONE ELSE??" *flips the bird* WHATEVER LADY.CONCLUSIONNever coming back here, I'm so disappointed. The restaurant is a beautiful one but beauty can't mask what's truly inside and what's truly inside, an MIA waitress and overcooked steaks. The foie gras, dessert and enchanting waterfall could not save this review from being 2 stars because I didn't come here for either one of those things. I came here for a good steak and that's NOT what I got, all I got was a bag full of disappointment.
2	My New strip was a rock I ordered it med rare it was slightly pink...I will give it a shot again!
4	Ok, my dad took my family here for a nice dinner and it was amazing.We did have to wait an extra 20 minutes for our reservation and hostess didn't even apologize - however it was delicious.  The food was incredible, steak - cooked perfectly.  I had creamed truffle corn?  Um, why doesn't everywhere have this?  The asparagus - more truffle but I am sucker for anything with truffle salt, oil, shavings you name it - put them on a shoe and I am in heaven, so maybe my opinion is biased.  The tomato and mozzarella salad was perfect.  I am allergic to gluten and when I asked for a bread alternative they brought out lentil rice crackers!  Talk about service and going the extra mile :) The server was fantastic and hats off to the chef.  I ordered wine but everyone else loved their drink.  So thank you wine buyer, servers and bartenders.The dessert - decadent.But the price? Omg it better be great!  I have never seen a more expensive wine list.  They should have a couple reasonable wines - there isn't one.
4	This has to be one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to. Was staying at the Encore for a business trip and on my last night in town I decided that I needed a steak. Thankfully I didn't need to leave the property to find one.Since I was traveling alone I was glad to see that they had a bar that offered three full menu. Sat down and was greeted by very friendly bartenders. I found out that they only recently (month or two) started to carry any kind of craft beer. On their suggestion I tried a beer from what they raids was thee oldest continuously operating brewery in the world. This was the first time I've ever been served a beer in a huge, red wine-sized glass.The bread basket was a pleasant surprise. Definitely the king here are their bacon-cheddar rolls. I could have easily filled up on these alone.Main course was their ribeye steak and a side of creamed corn. I ordered my steak medium-rare and they nailed it. Thee crust on the steak brought a ton of flavor and did not overcook it in the least bit. I read that they offer several house-made sauces for their steaks, but believe me when I say you won't need them.The creamed corn was only OK though. Great flavors and not too sweet. My issue with them is that the corn was pretty much pureed and had the texture and constancy of baby food. I much prefer the creamed corn at Lawry's over this.I would have given them 5 stars except for two things: the corn and the location/atmosphere. This place can get LOUD. It is located right on the hotel's water feature, which goes off about every half-hour. This show, while interesting, blasts its music directly into the restaurant.
5	The best thing at the Wynn/Encore!  The host and wait staff was excellent. The food was amazing and ambiance was breath taking.  We were late for our 5:30pm reservation and had show tickets at 7pm.  They gave us excellent service, food came quickly and never had an empty drink.  Oh yeah their cheddar/bacon biscuits are to die for!!!!
4	Little bit of a fiasco here this night as rain pushed all the reservations back and we were quite late being seated. They tried to squeeze us into a corner table which would have been tight and uncomfortable but were evetually accommodated. Will have to admit though, once the food started coming all of the problems melted away. Superb job, great service, excellent preparation and presentation of the steaks. Great sides as well. Wine list is perfect and the dessert offerings looked spectacular but had enough during dinner portion of this program. Definite return.
5	Possibly the best filet mignon I have ever had.Cute show and great atmosphere.I also had the creamed corn and it was to die for, the bacon muffins were super
5	Fantastic,make reservations ahead of time books quickVery classy very traditional,one of my favorite dinning places in VegasI recomend the Filet and the creamed corn,don't et full on the bread basket,the bacon muffins are addictiveWell Done
5	My partner and I recently went to SW for dinner and I have to say that this restaurant is deserving of a review stating that SW is worth going to.When we got there the staff was incredible and very helpful & friendly. Our server, Tim gave us suggestions to try ranging from foods, cocktails, & wine. The servers & bussers were on top of making sure that our water was full, checked if we want another cocktail, or how our food was (unless we scarfed down the food too quickly before they could get to us...LoL!).We had ordered the oysters on half shells, Maine lobster pasta, New York strip & the rib eye. The Maine lobster pasta was very tasty that we had eaten it before the server could get to us. The New York Strip & rib eye were cooked to perfection. I have to recommend getting the creamed corn as a side dish, it was delicious!Dessert was so tasty that I really wanted to savor every bite I took of it. We had the apple upside down cake, banana ice cream (sandwich type of dessert). We were in heaven while tasting these! I'm not much of a funnel cake person, but the funnel cakes for dessert came in a cool presentation.If you're in Vegas, I'd recommend SW Steakhouse at The Wynn Las Vegas. It's a little pricey, but well worth it!
4	We hosted a customer dinner event here last week.  We had a group of 30 and our dinner was excellent.  Service and food was outstanding.
5	I have been five years ago and they sure have not missed a beat.Still one of best steaks in Las Vegas or anywhere in that matter.Great bread to start.The wedge is one of favorite, it comes with a thick piece of bacon, one of the best wedge salad's you will ever find.The bone in rib eye  is the star of the menu. A great piece of meat that is bursting with flavor.The corn might not look good, but the taste is out of the world.It is a must have.If you are lucky enough to sit outside on a beautiful night , you won't be disappointed.I can't wait to go back soon.
4	Some of the best steak I've had. The fact that I enjoyed my ribeye, cooked to perfection knowing that I had to pay for it even though I could have gotten it for free from a job recruitment dinner says alot (people always know that food tastes better free).  Still enjoyed the meal even though I lost at credit card roulette and payed half the meal with a friend for 7 people with drinks says even more.  Must try is the bacon bread included free in the bread basket.  Sick.Probably helped out that I won enough money at the tables prior to the meal to buffer the hit a little :)
5	We dined here about five weeks ago while I was attending a conference at the Wynn.  It was one of the most enjoyable dinners that I have shared with my husband...completely wonderful.  We had the first dinner reservation time and were seated outside along the lake.  Lovely spot and great location for the show later.  I do wish the show had started a bit earlier so that we could have enjoyed it more than once.Our service was attentive and helpful.  Some reviewers seemed to feel it was not attentive enough, but from my observations, the servers in general did not seem to want to be intrusive after they helped you with your selections.  The bread basket was amazing.  Loved it!  The bacon bread was delicious.  The steaks were perfectly cooked.  I was not a fan of the creamed corn, as I have enjoyed a better version in Chicago.  We had some type of banana dessert with ice cream, and although the chocolate was very hard to cut through, it was a perfect dessert.I loved this restaurant and cannot wait to return.
3	Not bad, not great.   For those that think this is the best steakhouse ever.... I'm wondering if they have ever been to facy steakhouse before.  There is only one dry aged steak here, the baseball cut ribeye.  Everything else is wet aged.  Really, wet aged?  That is basically telling me you just left it in the bag for 30-40 days.  You can tell by the flavor and coloration of the meat.   It's fancy and nice ambiance, but there are alot of nice steakhouses in Vegas with nice ambiance.  Best steak ever.... far from it.  I did have a good time though.  Oh and by the way the side dishes were average at best.  Put this all together and that's why it gets a 3 in my book.  They do cook the steaks well though so that helps (for those who think I'm just bashing).
4	I like!  Foie gras appetizer is delicious. Make a reservation so you can sit by the window and watch the show.  We shared the peppercorn steak, it feed about 3 people and was priced right around $100, it was to die for.This place is expensive so bring your wallet.  Fillets will run you $50-$60 each and that doesn't include sauces or side.
5	Now, if your looking for the best steak ever with top notch service then come to SW.  BE FULLY ADVISED THIS PLACE ISN'T CHEAP!!!   I came here with my girlfriend on a Sunday night and was shocked at how good the food was.  1.) Steak was perfectly cooked (although pricey at $60 a steak, but SOOOOO GOOD).2.) The bread was out of this world, especially the bacon bread.3.) The margaritas were to die for, at $16 a piece, it wasn't too expensive.4.) The service was outstanding.  Katherie went above and beyond to make our experience top notch.5.)  The layout was great, half indoor and the half outdoors.  We were lucky that we got there early and were seated right next to the lagoon with perfect views of the nightly show.6.) The show in the lagoon was an added bonus (the singing frog and the dancing balloons).Overall, love this place and had a memorable experience.  Will definitely be back, hopefully really soon :)
4	This review will be unique because I do not eat beef.  Nevertheless, you can get great quality food and still spend a bundle as a non-steak eater at a steak house.  The SW (Steve Wynn) Steakhouse is located going downstairs from the main floor of the Wynn.  When you enter, you feel a darkness and intimate type atmosphere (Guys, take your ladies here for a good night of food and drinks).  I ordered Tuna Ceviche, Oysters (shared), Scallops on Risotto, and Several Sides (Shared).  To go with the food, we all shared a bottle of a Spanish red wine (cheapest wine bottle is like $98).  The Oysters came out first, and they tasted very fresh.  I am not a big oyster person, but they had a fresh look to them.  The Tuna Ceviche was to die for.  I literally could have ordered 2 orders of that to satisfy my night.  The Scallops on Risottos was okay and nothing fantastic, but it did the trick to help fill me up.My bill came out to $150 (including tip and tax).  I had a good splurge and early Christmas present to myself.  I think non-steak eaters can manage to have a solid meal here.
5	Damn good every time we've visited. I hope I can say that. Really and truly our no 1 choice for steakhouses in all USA.That's strong stuff, but that's SW.
5	What more can I say except "Cajun bone-in rib eye"? Wow! Blew me away and the best steak I've had to date! Try to get a seat outside by the waterfall monolith, in the evening at the earliest so as not to miss the unique shows on, in and above the water. Quite dazzling and 100% entertaining to watch/hear. You shan't be disappointed here (lest you are worried about the amount of money you've signed away when completing the merchant's copy. *wink wink*)
2	Not the best steakhouse that I have been to...  I was very surprised by this as I have heard great things about this place.  The biggest objection that I had in addition to the food was the pricing on their wine.  The standard that you see is a 2x mark up this is why I was very surprised that it was 5x.  (example Joesph Phelps Cab $25 dollars retail and it was $140 on the wine list!)  I recommend if you come here to bring your own wine and pay the corkage of $35 per bottle.
5	Had one of the best steaks of all time tonight at SW at Wynn.  I have been to too many steak houses that just can't cook the steak the way i request it to be cooked.  I always tell the waiter I want a medium- well steak.  Almost 9 out of 10 times, they bring it medium rare to the point the meat is still red in the middle.  The end result is I have to tell the waiter to take it back and then they grill it some more, which takes away the quality.  This was not the case at SW.  I had a bone in rib eye that was cooked to perfection and tasted absolutely fabulous.  We also got Steve's salad which has a nice assortment of vegetables and tasty dressing.  Not your typical house salad with generic house dressing.  The atmosphere is very upscale and sophisticated.  I was going to take a star off for one reason.  I needed 4 refills of coke.  3 out of the 4 times, my glass sat on the table empty for an avg. of 5 min.  I know at these high end restaurants this is one of the things that should not happen.  There were plenty of guys running around to see this and the joint wasn't super busy.  I was there for a birthday dinner date.  They brought out a plate with one candle and two pieces of tiny chocolate mints that said "Happy Birthday" on the plate.  Better than nothing, I guess.  To sum it up, the steaks made this place.  Not cheap by any means... The rib eye and filet were an avg of $60.  The portion was perfect.
4	We came here for my Birthday. In short it's a great steakhouse. Great food and a fun atmosphere. Its not as elegant as the Prime steakhouse in Bellagio. But the food is very decent.It was a Friday night. And it was a packed house. We had 7:30 reservations and waited 15 minutes to be seated. The crowd was a mix of old school well to do and dome really sleazy looking guys dressed in Jersey Shore style tight Ed Hardy like t-shirts even though they clearly tell you a  few times button down dressed shirts are required. That was odd for me. I felt that took away from their integrity.  What's the point of having a rule if you won't enforce it. then just take if off the front door sign.We had the bone-in rib eye and the lamp chops. The rib eye was good. A bit too tough for my taste even though I had it medium. The lamp chops were probably the best I've ever had. The literary melted off the bone. The steak sauces were uninspired.  Trendy yes, but tasty no.. kind of disappointing.The desert was ok. We had the banana bread pudding.Tip: they allow you to bring your own cake from the hotel Bakery which is amazing. I would definitely do that next time over ordering from  their desert menu.We had the spinach dip as a side dish and it was OK. I've had better ones at the Cheesecake factory.The bread was ok. I was hoping / expecting for much more. In general everything here is fine. It's  a great restaurant well thought out with great meats and ingredients. But I was hoping for much more. I was hoping to be a convert, and that did not happenThe service was confusing. They have two guys tend to you. One for all your drink needs. And one for your food and desert. Even with that we waited 20 minutes to get our order taken. But to be fair the food was  brought to our table within 10 minutes of the order,  which tells me they have very impressive kitchen.The bill was $250 for an appetizer,  two main courses, desert, and a glass of wine. Nothing here blew me away. But it's good all around.Where an amazing night out dining gets a 5 start rating. This place gets  4 stars. As they concentrate on volume. It's a Volume joint and attention is not given to detail. The personal touch is not here. For that you'll go to the Prime at the Bellagio.
4	The restaurant met my expectations in every way. The staff were attentive and friendly and the food was well presented and tasted as you would expect for the price paid.The starter of tuna ceviche was well executed with a fantastic combination of flavours and textures. Whilst the crab liguine was absolutely delightful.The steaks were very good and cooked as requested, but overall I still prefer to eat the bife de lomo by Gaucho Grill over the steak that I had that evening, and actually any steak that I've eaten ever.The chocolate souffle was a bit of a let-down from what started off as a very promising night, but it was passable. A $200+ bill for (2 starters, 2 mains, 2 sides, 1 dessert and large bottle of still water later) we left satisfied if not a whole lot lighter in the wallet.
4	This place was great, and I'm definitely not the only one who thinks so. We came on a Wednesday, and the place was packed! This should probably go without saying, but they sure do know how to cook a steak. I had to order mine well done (I know, it seems like a sin to order a filet mignon well done, but anyway...) and it arrived perfectly cooked. Too many restaurants char well done steaks to death, leaving them on too high heat after searing them, but the steak at the SW came out delicious, tender, juicy, and amazing. The order steak is just that - a steak (a very perfect, delicious steak). Side dishes feed a couple people, so for a party of four, we ordered 3 sides. The sides were really really good, although my only complaint would be that they are EXTREMELY heavy! My salad came out with a slab of bacon on it, several of the sides had bacon, and one of the bread rolls had bacon in it as well. All that bacon in addition to a steak is super filling. The ambiance was nice and Vegas-y. If you sit outside, you get to enjoy the fountain, which periodically displays a mini show (like a giant frog in the fountain singing "It's a Wonderful World"). The crowd seemed mixed, but mostly on the older side (35+). All in all though, a great meal.
5	Wow, what a steak.. Best I have ever had..  Great atmosphere...
4	Food is delicious.Service wonderful.Pricy, but great for a special occasion in our world :)Wine list is ridiculous.  I understand paying for more the food, it's their craft.  The wine is not made of gold.
5	Two words... creamed corn. Two more words... creamed pants. Worth noting that Yelp might need to add a few more "$" signs to the price range rating thingy. Dinner for two done properly with vino and fixin's was north of three hundo.
5	i was in the Wynn hotel for 30 days this last trip it's truly my favorite restaurant, Bradley and his staff are great, i eat there 3-5 times per week- they make me feel special each and every visit- I bet i have brought over 50 new people there just this past year, each of them truly enjoy the experience, and it never gets old for me :) Brad "Yukon" Booth
5	Had the seafood tower to start, it was outstanding. Filet for main course was excellent. Service top notch!
5	The best steaks I've ever had. Everything you get here is great. If you're in a group the seafood tower is a good one to share. The Cesar salad has an awesome kick to it if you're just looking for something for yourself. The banana ice cream pie is hands down the best dessert on the menu. Now for the steaks, I've actually only ever got one type of steak here, but from others I've been told that the filet is good and the bone in rib eye is tough to beat. Personally, the Tomahawk Chop is where it's at. Light eaters, it can be split four ways, but if your like me and can put food away like a bear pre-hibernation, it can be a one man job. On a non food related note, the restaurant overlooks the lake which plays cool water shows every 20ish minutes. And the main attraction of the shows, is the robotic frog which comes out over the waterfall and sings to everyone.
4	HOLY SH*T the bacon cheese rolls! amazballs!! good food and i liked the upscale atmosphere.  Nice place for a really expensive date night
5	I attended SW on Saturday 01/07/2012.  What a lovely and delicious restaurant.  I don't know if it was the greatest steakhouse that I have ever attended but it would not be a stretch.  I ate so much that I had to throw up to make more space.  I meant that literally not figuratively.  I actually chucked because I wanted more and I had no more space.  I had the Bone in Rib-Eye and it was just wonderful.  Perfect medium-rare and perfect cut.  Now I expected the meat to be good so it was no surprise that it was.  What really got me was the cream corn.  Seriously!  Serio pedo, it was the greatest side to any meal that I have ever had.  Enough said!  I also wanted to discuss the wonderful bacon muffins.  Well I guess I just did.  Overall this place is fantastic; those who complain about the cost are probably the same people who complain that the 007 movies are not realistic.  Come on guys, enjoy the ride.
5	What would you expect from the signature steakhouse in the Wynn - excellence ....and that is what you get.Excellent service......Food cooked to perfection ......Phenomenal wine list ....Supurb ambiance.We ate dinner during the christmas season, the crowd being a little light and it just added to the enjoyment of our meal.  We started with the lump crab cake and it melted in our mouth ....The bread basket has some enjoyable treats - pre meal..... I dined on the New York strip and it could not have been cooked better - just excellent. I asked for some steak sauce and was presented with a small platter of three outstanding choices - a signature chipotle BBQ sauce, hollandaise and a spicey mango sauce.We also had rack of lamb and scallops, again cooked to perfection.......A supurb bottle of wine accented the meal.A real christmas treat.Try not to miss thiswonderful dining spot with the beauriful views.We viewed two fo the water shows during our meal.You will not regret your choice of eating at SW.
5	Hands-down, theeee best steak I have ever had in my entire life and I grew up in the food and beverage industry and have been eating fliet mignon and lobster bisque before I could even add and subtract.  When I go to a steakhouse, I always measure them by their filet mignon.  (So obviously this review excludes any kobe varieties cause that would not be a fair comparison).  What i loved about the steak here was the crispy crust, the seasoning, tenderness, and juiciness.  It was like no other.  It was mind-blowing.  And at their price-point, compared to their neighbors, like Cut etc., this is a steal!oh, and we also had oysters, truffled cream corn, truffled asparagus, and the banana dessert, some nice wine and a fantastic water show outside, all which were great accompaniments to our steak.
5	Price range from $40-$150 average but worth every cent. I had the bone in ribeye and it was the best I've ever had. Service is outstanding, every staff member was there to cater to u. Highly recommended!!!
3	I had very high expectations on this restaurant and I was not impressed. The food was fantastic, great flavoring. Again, vegan options were available. The atmosphere was too sort of club like which is the reason I did not enjoy it very much. The service was good but not that great!
5	Best steakhouse in Las Vegas. Very nice spot to sit on the lake of dreams and have a great meal. Service is alway very good. A must if traveling to The Wynn or to Las Vegas
4	Went there with the hubby and some friends. The food quality was amazing. Which is not surprising from a place like this. I've always wanted to order lamb at a high quality restaurant to see if there was a difference in the gaminess of the meat. Big difference! So I had the lamb and sauteed mushrooms. The meat was cook to perfection. However, i was a little surprised by the amount of the side of mushrooms. It was only enough for 1 person. Not like Craftsteak at MGM where you can order a few sides and share them with your guests. But overall the lamb was good. I had a bite of steak from my husbands plate... The steak, in my opinion was average... but i think it had a lot to do with the way my husband eats his steak. I like mine medium rare oppose to his... medium well.
2	Not even close to New York steakhouses. The meat was overcooked, the sides were sub par and just full of grease. I spend way too much money here to eat the way we did. We had the porterhouse and chili rubbed rib eye, and both were not great. I guess the price doesn't match the flavor or taste.On the upside, the outdoor waterfall was beautiful. The service was pretty good and the rioja was tasty.
4	SW was pretty darn tasty. We went in a large group and were seated in the patio area overlooking the Lake of Dreams. The service was excellent and the food was solid but not OMG good.  I had the bone in ribeye and also had the Funnel Cake for dessert.
5	This is a wonderful steak house in the Wynn hotel and casino.  As is with all the restaurants at Wynn fabulous food and service.  'nuf said.
4	Great restaurant . Ask for a table outside overlooking the lake as there are shows starting at dusk. Drinks are pricey but as you would expect at Wynn. My husband had the caesar and said it was one of the best he has had. I had the chopped salad and it was delicious. Husband had 20 oz bone in ribeye and loved it. I chose Mushroom risotto as I am not much of  steak fan, but enjoyed several bites of his. We opted for the au gratin as our side, ok choice. The dessert we chose was the funnel cakes , at $18, we were not sure what to expect, but beautiful presentation and delicious!!Our bill was $185 with tax for the above which included one beer and one glass of wine. We will definitely be back!!
4	We went on weekday.  You can sit in the dining room or outside overlooking the lagoon.  Service was efficient, but not rushed.  The steaks were very good and compares favorably to other Las Vegas steakhouses.  The wine list is extensive.  We would return.
5	One of the best steaks I've ever had. Ordered the following sides for a table of 5:-Truffled cream corn (super good)-Mac and cheese (above average)-Asparagus (I don't know what to do with green vegetables at a steak house. They confuse me)-Fries (meh)My bone-in rib-eye was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I topped it with the seared foie gras, and honestly, while I love buttery, fatty goose liver, the steak didn't need it. I just figured that I would go all-out over-the-top VEGAS, BABY, VEGAS! with it. As many reviewers have already mentioned, the fresh bread basket was superb. The fresh sourdough and bacon cheddar bread were warm out of the oven and delicious. When we were packing to go, I mentioned that "I wouldn't mind if some of those bacon cheddar rolls somehow ended up in there" and our server packed up an entire container of extra bread for us! Next time, I will try the funnel cake, because that looks awesome. Total tab (with a moderately expensive bottle of wine) came out to about $110 pp. Not too shabs.
4	SW is one of my favourite restaurants in Las Vegas! They have the best steak in town. The steak is so juicy and tender and it was one of the best steak I had had so far. We had a porterhouse for two people and we were not able to finish it. The wine list is great and they have a great selection of Barolo. The view is spectacular, the restaurant is located right in front of the Lake of Dreams in Wynn. When you make the reservation, do remember to ask for the table next by the window so you could have a full view of the Lake while you are enjoying the food.
5	My buddy and I were attending a function downstairs at Tryste that had huge, long, food lines.....so we opted to go upstairs for a steak. Damn glad that we did.There was an hour wait but we were told that we could sit immediately if we were okay with eating at the bar..............no problem!!!Drinks were great and ordered Porterhouse for 2, a Caesar salad, and some sauteed spinach and baked potato as sides. The salad was delicious.............but the porterhouse was incredible. Heavily flavored crust with tender, perfectly cooked middle!! Absolutely delicious. The sides were sides.....not incredible......I mean that they were good, but how delicious can sauteed spinach and a baked potato be??? I was there for the steak, the other stuff was just fluff. Great dinner and service.
3	The chili rubbed double ribeye is probably one of the more popular dishes on the menu at SW Steakhouse. It's huge, feeds 3 people (possibly more), is cooked well and has good flavor. But I can't bring myself to give SW more than 3 stars because I would rather save $106 and pay a little more for a simpler steak! I prefer my steak to be simple so I can taste the beef. The chili rubbed ribeye has a lot of spice which I think takes away from really enjoying the meat.The beat salad here is very tasty, if you like beets. My favorite side dish is the truffle creamed corn. Delicious! The scallops and risotto are also a good choice. Definitely save room for dessert too. Last time I was here, I had the funnel cake (which everyone orders) and the warm sticky toffee pudding. The pudding is really good!!Service at SW is great and everyone is very attentive, which they should be if you're spending that much for your dinner. It's also nice to be able to sit by the Wynn waterfall and watch the show that takes place every half hour. If I come back, I think I'll try a different steak so I can write a better review.
5	I'm vegan, so I was eating from the vegan menu, but that was the best food I've ever had.  The mushroom croquette appetizer was incredible.  The most delicate and flavorful combination of ingredients I can imagine.  The gardein chick'n is not just what you've had at home but something extremely authentic marinated with herbs and spices.I can't recommend this place enough.  It was a little loud and the waterfall show is weird, but the food was out of the world, the service was excellent, and, while not cheap, it wasn't even as expensive as I expected.
3	The food is amazing, the noise level is insanely loud. You can only talk to the person right next to you. We had a business meeting and it was rough. The wine list I have a big problem with. When you go to a varietal they offer one wine at around 100, then the prices go straight to 250, 500, and up. Ridiculous! Take it from a Napa regular. Make your wine list for normal people and the rich. You'll have a much better customer, and sell way more wine bottles. Revamp the list. I know a consultant that could do it in one week.
2	Very disappointing meal.  We had the bone-in rib eye and the porterhouse steaks to share for the four of us.  Average meat.  The dry rub was very good and the meat was cooked exactly as we requested but the meat is not of the quality of the prices! The fries were not good (saves calories!) nor was the Mac n Cheese, though the truffle corn was very good.  Overall not at all on the level of other steak restaurants in Las Vegas.
3	Host: 2.0Waiter: 3.5Food-taste, presentation: 3.0Property-style, decor, ambiance: 4.5In the city where excess is the norm; this "most coveted" (per the hotel's concierge) did not meet expections.
5	Amazing!  The whole eating experience is unbelievable.  I loved the fois GRAS and the veal chop was the best I've ever had.  I can never look at veal the same again. Veal will never be this good.  As for the porterhouse for two, which I tried, not so good.  It had a chipotle rub that was overpowering.  I tried the bone in rib eye which was to die for.  But, I have to say the veal chop is the best dish I tried there and what I will be ordering in the future.  The service was impeccable.
5	Have you ever had a meal so perfect that you'll remember it forever?I did recently; it was at the SW Steakhouse at the Wynn.Here's the story:The two of us knew we wanted one splurge-worthy, special-occasion dinner during our brief time in Vegas.  After some online research and comparison shopping of locales and menus, we decided that SW Steakhouse was the right choice.  (Michelle C.'s review was the clincher.)  The word on the grapevine was that Steve Wynn's namesake restaurant is notoriously difficult to snag reservations for, so we called ~2 weeks in advance to make reservations for 9:00pm on a Sunday night.  On the phone, the hostess was incredibly gracious, making sure we had just the seats we wanted.  She even inquired about any special occasions we might be having.  Flash forward two weeks -- and dinner has finally arrived!  As we entered the SW Steakhouse, we were immediately struck by the decor.  Elegant, sleek, and modern, but also warm and inviting, situated right on the edge of the lake.  When we made our reservation, we asked for a view of the waterfall outside, and that's exactly what the hostess delivered.  The tables were spaced far apart, so we had plency of privacy, even though the restaurant was full.First up: the bread basket.  The most decadent assortment I've enjoyed.  The French baguette was lovely; so was the soft pretzel.  But the bacon cheddar biscuits were orgasmic.  So savory, so decadent, so perfect.Second: big-eye tuna ceviche.  Easily the freshest and most flavorful ceviche that has graced my lips.  The tuna was so delicate and smooth -- like butter.  The mango and grapefruit gave it an acidic kick.  The avocado cream and sesame crackers were the perfect accompaniment.My main course: Hawaiian swordfish.  Stellar.  The sear on the swordfish was to die for.  So was the toasted pasta, whose delicate flavor and texture practically danced on my tongue.  It came with such fragrant tomato broth that I could drink cupfuls of if I had the opportunity.My dinner companion's main course: New York strip steak.  First of all, let me confess that I'm not much of a red meat person.  I almost never eat steak.  However, when I tasted SW's strip steak, I was overjoyed.  The thick, spicy crust on this steak was completely unlike any other steak I've had.  In a city overrun with overpriced steak joints of questionable quality, SW is a diamond in the rough.  These steaks are too heavenly to pass up.The side dish: au gratin potatoes.  Once again, SW takes a traditional dish and makes it extraordinary.  The creaminess of these potatoes was in a league of its own.  Dinner was leisurely, which was just the way food like this is meant to be savored.  We probably spent 3 or so hours here.  After we each selected a couple glasses of wine to sip (Sauvignon blanc for me, Zinfandel for my dinner companion), whiling away the time became easy.  Our server was so gentlemanly and kind -- never did he make us feel rushed.  His service was the final outstanding piece to the delicious puzzle that was dining at the SW Steakhouse.Dinner at SW Steakhouse isn't cheap, but the quality was worth it.  I can't dine like this everyday, but I secretly wish I could.My compliments to the chef and amazing staff of the SW Steakhouse -- when I said I'd remember this dinner forever, I meant it.  I can't wait to be back.
4	Went here on my birthday. Best steakhouse experience of my life! The service was professional, the food was gorgeous and delicious, and the restaurant and the view was beautiful! The restaurant was high class, but felt casual enough to be comfortable and relaxed. Read: Get the creamed corn side. Probably one of the best things I've eaten in a long time! Oh, and the view! We got a table right by the window, the Lake was beautiful! I love this place!
5	Definitely a great place to celebrate a special occasion...My boyfriend ordered a filet mignon with stuffed lobster. The filet had melted bleu cheese on it, which I think about it now every time I order steak. It was that good. Definitely hands down the best filet mignon I ever had.Exceptional service, great view... Definitely pricey, but worth every penny...
5	Exceptional food (Sea scallops on risotto, filet mignon, Maryland crab cake, mushroom croquettes, white cheese macaroni side dish, potatoes au gratin, chili double ribeye, all meats aged 28 days), absolutely first class (yet friendly) service, wonderful ambiance (suitable for a group of business folks like us talking industry, but also perfect for a special event or romantic memory dinner for carnivores), nice to stroll through the hotel's gardens. Two caveats, 1. expect truly pricey (about $100 pp without wine), and 2. although the grotto/minilake is a beautiful setting and a lovely view, there is a "show" put on every half hour or hour that is way below the elegance of the restaurant--it is clearly "cheesy". It's not a part of the restaurant, but I would suggest getting a table AWAY from the view unless you have a easy going sense of humor. As to some of the mediocre reviews, either the restaurant had an off day, or the reviewer has a spoiled and pampered off life. :)
5	Hands down the best meal we had in Vegas.  The service here is so outstanding, they make you feel like your dining party is the most important one in the restaurant. We felt so spoiled!  The quality of the meat was exceptional, but be warned, you may not be able to finish because the portions are huge.  The wine list is impressive.  It is expensive to dine here, but well worth it for the quality, the service and the ambiance.
5	A few people recommended SW Steakhouse.Recommend??????You recommend classes, students, employees, etc. Not this.This is "You needs to get your ass to SW Steakhouse cause it's that f-ing good. We way past recommending."Once you've eaten here you'll wonder why people would ever consider eating at another steakhouse.Service is impeccable and the steaks will exceed your expectations."We goin' SW. We goin' SW. We goin' SW."That's a White Men Can't Jump reference for all you Millenials.
4	Things always taste better when you're not paying for it but nonetheless, the three or four business dinners I have had at SW Steakhouse have been great experiences.  Food and service is top notch and warrants their price points.  Going to celebrate anniversary dinner here this year ...
5	This place is what a steakhouse should be. I ordered the rib-eye cooked med-rare and it came out PERFECT. The beef was packed with flavor and super tender. I also tried the foie gras for the first time and it wasn't my thing but it tasted like fat. The side of mashed potatoes we order was not good. For dessert we had a neutella ice-cream/cake which was really good but I barely made a dent cause I cleaned the steak.This place is hands down the best steakhouse I've been to so far in Las Vegas. I've previously lived in NY and Boston and been to these ranked from highest to lowest in my opinion. I always get porterhouse or ribeye and have it cooked med-rare.SWGrill 23Del FriscoPeter LugerMorton'sSparksSmith & WollenskyCapital GrillOld HomesteadCARNEVINOI know these aren't considered steaks but Megu is great for Waygu beef and Lawry's is great for prime rib.
4	Stayed at Encore and wanted to eat something before heading out on a club crawl. Called in to rsvp and was seated immediately even though I told them I would be 30 min early. I got the rib-eye and my wife got the filet. The steak was really good but side of macaroni was okay. Service was good but not excellent.
5	One word ! Good ! An other word for it ! Perfect !
2	There were 8 of us that ate here during the weekend, 4 ordered the filet mignon, 3 didn't finish their steaks. Too salty and not good quality was the consensus. I ordered the vegan meatballs with polenta (my stomach was hurting and needed something lighter than steak), tasted like real meat but again, way too salty. Sides of mac n cheese and potato gratin, I was told these were also salty. Get the theme here? Or maybe that's how Americans eat - with tons of salt on everything?The bread they start you off with are really good though! Especially those bacon bits biscuits. Sloooooooooooooooo service. If you ain't paying the big bucks, you are getting served last, for everything (water, food, bill, etc).Very nice view of the waterfall area they had. It's not my cup o' tea and will not go back.
5	the chili rubbed rib-eye very tender....
5	What can I say that hasn't been said before? Absolutely perfect steak. The chili-rubbed rib-eye is to die for. But the thing that kicked this meal over the top? The wedge salad of all things. Big wedge of lettuce, with a blue cheese dressing that was full of crumbles that melt in your mouth. Alongside the wedge are heirloom grape tomatoes that scream Summer and a huge slab of pork belly that sent my heart all a-flutter. The combined tastes are orgasmic.Beautiful view of the Lake of Dreams, impeccable service and killer steaks. A place worthy of the Wynn name.
5	A good rib-eye makes everything better....and this place did not disappoint.  I was pushing my luck with a 5:30 reservation and needing to be out by 7:00 with a group of nine, but the waiter was able to make it happen for us! We requested a window view and it is truly gorgeous with the large waterfall and foliage outside.  Patio seating is available as well...but not preferred when it's 104 degrees outside.  The bone in rib-eye was cooked to perfection with great flavor and sear.  The side that impressed me the most was the black truffle creamed corn...the black truffle helped tone down the sweetness of the creamed corn.  The marble potatoes with green bean and bacon was just average in my opinion but still tasty nonetheless.  The service is top notch at this restaurant.  We didn't quite finish our 20oz steaks, so they offered to pack up our food and not only that they offered to cut up the steak so that it would be easier to eat later.  They also included their amazing bacon cheddar rolls and pretzel rolls in our to go boxes as well.  I can't say enough good things about the bacon cheddar rolls, definitely not healthy, but what can be better than a buttery roll with bacon pieces!  A definite must try if you are a steakhouse lover!  I'd pick this steakhouse over Del Frisco's which is now my 2nd favorite.
5	SW makes the best steak in Vegas.Kind of a bold statement for a guy who's eaten at dozens of the best rated steakhouses across the country, and probably dozens in Vegas alone. An even bolder statement for a city known for luxury, extravagance and world class restaurants, particularly its steakhouses.I went with very low expectations. I love the Wynn and all, but not for its food (can we say most overrated buffet?). But we had some rooms here, and the SW was chosen out of convenience. It was also one of the few my buddies and I hadn't tried yet. The reviews I read were positive, but not gushing which isn't good for a town over-saturated with five star reviews. I was warned about cheesey water-light shows with giant frog puppets. The pictures I saw her on Yelp didn't show me dishes that looked to be particularly special. To be honest I tried to lead my friends over to CUT which had been spectacular on a previous trip. But I relented. And thank God I did.There was a wait so we grabbed a couple of Macallan's at the bar. And we waited.Our table gets called and I walk into a giant dining area. It's reminiscent of a giant ballroom with giant glass windows on one side giving a view of said frog puppet show. I wasn't impressed. The decor was less than promising. It didn't scream hip like N9NE, nor sexy and dark like CUT or craftsteak. It looked like the restaurant tried to go for a posh elegance look, but got tired half way. Not a promising start.Then the food began to come out.Fantastic. Start-to-finish. For bread they give you cheesy bacon bread, as if they thought you might not get enough meat during your meal. It was so deliciously salty and fluffy and different. We asked for more than one basket.The steak I chose was a bone-in rib eye, my go-to cut about 90% of the time. I know when it's good and when it's just alright and this was toe-curling, eyes-in-the-back-of-the-head orgasmic. Perfect sear and crust on the outside. Perfectly medium rare on the inside. It's honestly difficult to get this just right so I usually err on the side of rare+ in case it comes out overcooked. This was medium rare done right, where the meat has the slightest crunch on the outside and almost melts with every bite, gushing with flavor with each bite.Most sides don't even get a mention in my reviews, but the black truffle creamed corn which we got on a server's recommendation was amazing. I'd go back just for the corn alone. You cannot eat here without getting the creamed corn as a side. The mac and cheese and au gratin potatoes were pretty good too but not quite withdrawal-symptoms-inducing memorable.As a male, red-blooded American, it is my God-given honor to eat right meat. It's almost a duty, given the forefathers who died to give me this freedom. I vote and I pay my taxes. God bless America and it's cattle industry. God bless the SW Steakhouse.After awhile, the frog puppet thing kind of grows on you.
5	SW was definitely a must do if your looking for a great steak!! had the bone-in ribeye and it was perfectly made to my taste. MY boyfriend had the Australian waygu and he wasn't as satisfied with it and says it was not worth $150, he tried mine and was satisfied with mine so will definitely go back and have ribeye! all the sides were delish with great flavor!!
5	I have been to SW about half a dozen times, and it is still my favorite steakhouse in Sin City. From start to finish, every single experience I've had here has been nothing short of impeccable. Shall we begin?NOTE: Book reservations as far ahead as you can! Putting in a request for a view of the Lake of Dreams doesn't hurt either. This place gets packed very quickly and we've never risked going without rezzys. SERVICE here has always been top of the line. I wouldn't expect anything else from within a Steve Wynn property. Water glasses are always filled and the table is frequently straightened out and picked up, be it actual plates/silverware or the microscopic piece of a sugar packet. First of all: THE BREAD. OHHHHH, THE BREAD. While I will skip over their baguette type bread, I cannot rave enough about their cheddar-bacon rolls. Sheer bliss. Just take my word for it, especially if you're a fan of salt. However, there is a drawback...one time we were here, I hadn't eaten almost all day, so I quickly devoured almost three of these rolls. I was full for the rest of the dinner...whoops. THE SALADS: TIP! Make sure you split these with someone else at your table. These lettuce and vegetable concoctions are monstrously sized and are worthy of the cut in half. --Caesar: Standard Caesar, but I really like the tangier-and-creamier-than-normal dressing and the Parmesan crisp.--(Steve's?) Chopped Vegetable: Phenomenal. The avocado adheres the vegetables together and it is smoooooth sailing. --Wedge: Ask for the dressing on the side! Also, there is a large offering of thick-cut bacon on the side, just off the cooker. AMAZING. Uhh...is there a trend with the bacon here?THE STEAKS: I have had steak here each time, naturally. And out of the six or so times, I would say five of them have been incredible. The other one, while good, just lacked that oomph that the others had. I generally get the large Filet and split it with one of my family members or we will get the NY Strip. I prefer the NY. --Perfect crusting, locks in the juices and is still immaculately cooked inside to your preference.--The trio of sauces you will probably have to ask for; there is a creamy Bearnaise, their house steak sauce (kind of..it's red-ish), and my favorite: Jalapeno Tropical Fruit. Just a dab on each bite really kicks up the taste notch. It's like fruity Tabasco almost. THE SIDES: --Black Truffle Creamed Corn: If you don't get this, you aren't getting your full SW experience. So good...you might order a second one (if you have room!)--Mac & Cheese: Not as memorable as the creamed corn. Kind of boring but still good. --Au Gratin Potatoes: Some of the best I've had, but too rich. I always eat the least of these because they're so rich and filling. --I know we've had other sides..but I can't think of them at the moment. THE DESSERT:--Funnel Cakes: I promise you...this will be the perfect cap on your evening. The 5 or so fried dough pieces come hanging on a foot-tall metal "tree" presentation, accompanied by a trio of sauces: Chocolate, Salted Caramel, and a Vanilla one. The vanilla one is worth licking the bowl for. Even those are $18 or so...they are not an item to be passed up (...if you have room somehow after the 27 pounds of food you may have just consumed in your 1.5 hour sitting)....Oh, and the decor is nice too.
5	The food there does not disappoint
4	My first time in Wynn and SW turned out to be a huge success! We had the caesar salad, which was the perfect starter, chile rubbed double ribeye, and black truffled cream corn. A lot of people have commented on the chile rub (which was why we ordered it), and I thought the chile, while interesting, overwhelmed the steak. It was spicy and flavorful but overpowered the taste of the cut. If I'm paying $ for a quality steak, I want to be able to taste the quality. My suggestion would be to get the chile on a less expensive cut of meat, because I did think it was pretty good. The black truffled cream corn (why hasn't anyone thought of this before?) was fantastic, and so was the house bread. I didn't think the decor was topnotch (felt too plain), and it was rather noisy and bustling because it was packed, but all in all, it was a memorable meal and somewhere I'd recommend to friends and family.
5	Excellent first time at SW. Luckily, we were seated right next to the lake so the table location couldn't have been better. The house bread was great, with a nice piece of softened butter and Hawaiian sea salt to spread with it. For me, the clear winner of the sides we chose was the truffled creamed corn. The potatoes au gratin was delicious, but didn't wow me as much as the corn. The filet was excellent - perfectly cooked, charred, and seasoned. Unfortunately, dessert wasn't ordered because of how stuffed we were.Service was also great, attentive but not overbearing. Ambiance could've been a little better. Outside, Top 40 music was playing a little loudly so that sorta diffused the "upscale" feeling of the restaurant. With the noise of the waterfall and the loud music, it detracted from the experience a little. That won't stop me from coming back though!
4	Date night on our last night in vegas!We decided to try SW Steakhouse at the Wynn. As we went down the escalator at entrance of the restaurant, waterfall show was going on. It was so beautiful! (There is a lounge where you can watch the waterfall but you must put your name down to be seated there. It also has a one drink minimum.)We went to the restaurant without any reservation around 7pm and hoping to get lucky. While waiting, I got a pom martini and him a jack and coke. We were seated in less than 10min! YAY.++pom martini (3.5 stars)I had two of these. First one was perfect. Perfect amount of sweet and alcohol. 2nd time, it was really syrupy and had to ask for ice to dilute the drink. The drink was inconsistent.++pepper crusted chateaubriand (3.5 stars) $120We ordered this and shared as the server suggested it serves two people. Meat was filet mignon so we got it medium. Perfectly cooked. The dish was great but it wasn't the best steak I've ever had. Also felt like the spiciness of the pepper overpowered the flavor of the steak.The ambience was beautiful. the crowd was mostly on the older side (ie 60s 70s). also were business men and such. After the meal, we went to sit at the lounge and had few more drinks. We watched the waterfall show 3 times (show is every 20 min) before we left. Btw, the show is different every time. Overall, I give this restaurant 4 stars. The food was 3.5 stars but with its excellent service, show, and ambience 4 solid stars.
3	No shorts for men and womenCollard shirts for guysNo sandals/flip flopsMake reservations way in advanced they get busyBone rib eye was goodBlack truffle creamed corn was so yummyCreamed spinach was okay typical creamed spinachHad another side with small potato and green beans not very good not sure what the menu called itFunnel cake was good. We had a nice view of the waterfall. The service was okay. I am a meat eater so this was a great place for me.I would go back next time I am in Vegas.
5	The chateaubriand and filet here are two of the best steaks I've had. The white truffle creamed corn is amazing.
3	Every time I came to Vegas I wanted to try this place but it was always over booked, so this time I did it in advance and was kind of exited. Honestly this place is way overrated and I think mainly because of it's view to the show. If you take away this experience then you end up with overpriced steak house. Food is is not bad but not superb ether. If you are staying at Wynn I'd suggest trying Bortallota restaurant, it's more expensive but food is amazing!
5	This place lives up to the hype surrounding it. Boyfriend chose this as my birthday dinner venue and I am thrilled that he did. We sat lakeside and the ambiance is amazing. Very romantic scenery, however, not very intimate as you have to shout at each other in order to hear over the noise of the waterfall and everything else around.The service was very friendly and accommodating. We had some trouble deciding on the wine and they offered us samples before we made our choices. Water was always refilled, plates cleared and server checked in regularly. The bread basket was DELICIOUS. I started off with the appetizer of oysters on a half shell which were amazing. My entree was the pan roasted sea scallops which were cooked to perfection. The risotto complemented the dish incredibly. Boyfriend opted for the Snapper dish which I don't see on the online menu. That was tasty, but I was much more pleased with my selection. We shared a side of the black truffle creamed corn just because it had such rave reviews. It was fine. I did not find it as orgasmic as others seem to have, but it was tasty nevertheless.Dress code seems to be strictly enforced.Very enjoyable meal worth every penny.
5	Without exception, the best steak I have ever had. We went to SW Steakhouse for my friends bachelor's dinner. We had an early evening reservations and were promptly seated as we arrived. The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance and we were seated close to the wonderful view of the outside lagoon/waterfall. For starters, we ordered Foie Gras both sauteed and terrine, and Tomatoes with Swiss cheese. Our main course was Chile Rubbed Double Rib Eye, and Double Cut Colorado Lamb Chops. Some sort of onion dish and Black Truffled Cream Corn as our side for the main course. We had Riesling for whites and Optimus cuvee for reds.  They offered 3 different breads, of which the jalapeno(or some other cheese?) with bacon was outstanding. As always, there will be no argument that Foie Gras, both sauteed and terrine, is heavenly; creamy, buttery, rich. My longing for Foie Gras is even more as it is now banned here in California. The Tomatoes with Swiss cheese was okay.The main star of the show is the Chile Rubbed Double Rib Eye. Its hard to find a dinner table real estate to house this bad boy. It is placed in an manly cast iron casserole, with all the drippings, onions, and chile peppers in it. But the Colorado Lamb Chops didn't fade from the limelight. Four ribs sticking out stimulating your salivary glands: Eat Me. I obliged and took a bite of the lamb chop first. The first thoughts on my mind were: 'this cannot be?!' A well made steak always trumps over any lamb chop. And as far as I can remember, this is the best meat I have ever tasted (of course I haven't taken a bite of the Chile Rubbed Rib Eye yet!) It was so tender, and those little fat marbles melt in your mouth like butter. That classic lamb gaminess is still there, but it so well orchestrated (and no, not muted) its sooo good! Then I went over to the Rib Eye. As soon as it got acclimated into my mouth, a lot of thoughts came rushing into me. I wish my grad father, who was a steak lover,  is still alive to taste is obnoxious rib eye. I wish I resided in Las Vegas. I wish this meat kept coming to our table. ITS THAT GOOD!!! The skin well charred but not burned. That chile gave a slight kick to the rib eye. Like the lamb chop, the rib eye fat marble melts in your mouth like butter! The meat is cooked perfectly. Everything about it is perfect. The Chile Rubbed Double Rib Eye was sooo good, it took me a while to realize that the Black Truffle Cream Corn was delicious as well. The SW Steakhouse serves the best steak ever. The bar is set high with their excellent meats and awesome preparations.
4	My fiance and I went for our anniversary and It was great!definitely make reservations to get an good table, I asked for the seat on the balcony and we were sat right next to the waterfall show. they played about every 15 minutes pretty weird I will admit  but entertaining. food was delicious and the dessert funnel cake was also tasty.
5	I'm basing this review solely on food, for the service was excellent.Five grown men needed meat on this bachelors getaway.  We started off with the sauteed foie gras and this foie gras pate with nectarines.  Since it is now banned in california, why not?  Both were absolutely amazing, although I enjoyed the sauteed one more because I've had foie gras in the pate form many times.  I cannot forget the slight char on the sauteed foie gras.  We also had the heirloom mozerrella salad, which was also tasty and balanced.  We paired the foie gras with a riesling, which was a mistake because both dishes were already sweet.  If i were to do it over, I would go the Sauvignon blanc route or pinot grigio route.For the meat, we decided to get the lamb chops and the chile rubbed double cut ribeye, as featured on "best thing I ever ate." First, let me say that I am really not a big fan of lamb, and I have only enjoyed lamb at a couple of places, but this lamb chop was just perfect.  See my pictures.  I cannot forget the balance of juicyness, temperture, sweetness and just enough game flavor to remind you its lamb, but not too much to remind me why I don't eat lamb a lot.  If I were to come back here, lamb chops will be ordered again.Next, the chile rubbed ribeye.  Wow.  When it arrived, I was scared they over cooked it.  It was nice and charred inside, and it was till sizzling in that big skillet.  When I took my piece, I was shocked on how beautifully pink and medium it was, as we requested.  Charred fat outside, juicy pink meat inside = perfect ribeye to me.  It was served with onions and jalapenos also cooked on the skillet.  The rub was not really that spicy, and the seasoning was perfect.  All together, I really have to say it was a perfect ribeye, and I've only had perfectly cooked medium ribeyes and not too many places.  I would def order this again along with the lamb chops.  I've read descriptions that it is a glorified carne asada.  I can see how that descriptionis accurate.  Many of the steak purist might not enjoy the way this is cooked.  Some days, nothing can beat meat grilled to char then thrown into oven for proper color inside, then finish off with salt.  But on a day you want a flavorful, spicy kick, this is the perfect piece of meat.  All 42 oz of it was evenly cooked.  Again, see my pic. hahahaWe paired the meats with a bottle of shiraz/cab blend from paso robles.  Worked out great and didn't hurt the wallet.I really didn't care about the truffle creamed corn.  The dish was so sweet, it overpowered any hint of shaved truffles.  I would never order this again.  Should've just gotten some potatoes.  Do not listen to anyone who says this is great.  I would not hesitate to come back here if craving a steak next time I end up in vegas.
4	As always, before making the important decision on where to eat, I did my research.  The reviews on this place left me scratching my head.  It was either really good or really bad. I actually considered changing our reservations for this reason and I'm so glad I didn't.   Our waitstaff team was excellent, friendly but not intrusive and very helpful.   I keep reading on complaints about the pricing?  Let me remind you that you are eating at the Wynn.  At their signature steakhouse.  You were expecting what exactly?   SW is a spectacular restaurant with excellent food, service and beautiful decor. My only complaint is that they don't offer group dining for anymore than 20-25 people.  I would have easily chosen this for my rehearsal or wedding reception dinner.
5	My go to steakhouse in LV. Truffled corn is delish and cuts of beef always done right. The ambience gets 5 stars. Servers know their menu in and out and I have always received 5 star service.  Even better is when meals are comped, courtesy of your casino host.
5	Veal chop is to die for;clearly one of the best steak houses in las vegas; Also one of the best views and atmoshphere. Have something special to celebrate you can't go wrong here.
4	What better way to end a friend's birthday weekend in Vegas than at SW Steakhouse? Located in the Wynn and overlooking the Lake of Dreams, SW is a sight for sore eyes. Especially those that have been exposed to all things sinful about Vegas. Everything from the dishes to the view from the terrace were beautifully presented.Service was top-notch. The waitstaff were polite and friendly, yet professional. They answered all of the questions that our party had although I had already had my heart set on something in particular due to a previous visit: a medium rare bone-in rib eye with sauteed Sonoma foie gras. We also shared the black truffle creamed corn and the potato au gratin. First off, the bread basket of was pretty good. It came paired with sea salt crusted butter and consisted of pretzel loaves, cheddar/bacon biscuits, and some other bread I didn't sample for fear of overstuffing. As for my entree, the foie gras was deliciously buttery with gorgeous dark golden sears on both sides. My steak was well seasoned and tender. Not the best steak I've ever had but it definitely ranked in the top 10. The creamed corn was savory with subtle notes of black truffle. It was absolutely delicious! The potato au gratin was mediocre and nothing to write home about. My counterparts had the NY strip and the 40 oz. chile rubbed rib-eye which they seemed to enjoy.It was definitely quite an enjoyable meal so why the deduction of 1 star? My steak was served a tad over medium when I had requested medium-rare. Tsk tsk.
3	My wife and I ate here while guests at the Wynn. As their signature steakhouse, this place is not cheap. Expect to pay 15-20 for appetizers and 40+ for the steaks. Reservations are recommended and thy have a dress code. We ate here on a Sunday at 530, the only time other than 10 we could get. I don't know if one can request a table by the waterfall, but if there is a next time for us I will request that. The waterfall sound and effect is much more interesting than being seated in the restaurant interior. We ordered the crab cakes and jumbo shrimp cocktail appetizers. These were good, nothing exceptional. The shrimp were not very jumbo. For an entree we split the chili rubbed double rib eye. This was 42 oz and a lot of meat. The steak was very good and we liked the chili rub. It was also over $100! We ordered the truffle cream corn everyone raves about. I'd say it tastes like sweet cream corn. I tasted no truffle. Overall I give the food 4 stars. The service I give only 3 stars. We had high expectations given what I had read about this place. Our waitress was friendly but inattentive. After we received our steaks she came back once. The rest of the time she spent chit chatting with the hostess or other tables. We waited quite awhile after finishing our steaks before the table was cleared and even longer before dessert was offered. Don't get me wrong, the service was not egregiously bad, and the other staff did pick up some of the slack where she failed.  But it tarnished our dining experience and when you are spending that kind of money you expect better service.
4	I would go back for the Porterhouse, great service & wine.
4	It's steak. I like our Ruth Chris better back home. Why don't people understand all steak needs is a "little" salt and pepper?! Nice place, good service, huge price.
5	Outstanding food every time! Ask for Ryan as server. He has been our server every time we go for the last 4 years. We only go to Vegas once or twice a year and he always remembers no only what we normally order but how we like it prepared. It is great food and service!
5	One of the BEST steakhouse i have ever been, Best in Vegas!!The decor is absolutely stunning and elegant.  Service was perfect and prompt that i can't find anything to pick on. They also offered Shun steak knives with `SW' stamped on...so speechless!Cocktails were delicious and not watery at all.  Real deal for the price and the best compared with what we got in other restaurants/bars in VegasBack to the food:  Foie gras Torchon was great.  it tasted soooo good that we enjoyed the leftover as breakfast the next day.    Ribeye was prepared perfectly.  All food we ordered were presented nicely and tasted great.
4	It's not cheap but the new york strip was cooked to perfection, service was brilliant and we got to see Wynn the frog perform at the Lake Of Dreams, will go back again.
4	This top the list of splurging on a meal and it was all worth it. The experience from the service to the food, plus the complimentary bread was excellent. We were seated right by the lake which was a great way to start our meal. The bread basket came with pretzel bread, banquette, and the yummy cheesy bacon bread which was an ultimate favorite.We started out with the seafood spectacular which included, two types of oysters, lobster, crab, jumbo shrimp and king crab legs. The seafood was fresh and very fulfilling. Hubby and I shared the dry aged tomahawak chop (Rib eye) with a side of truffle cream corn. The steak was cooked to perfection; juicy, medium and char on the outside goodness. Although I tasted the truffle in the corn, i didn't see anything special about it. To end our night, we ordered the peanut butter banana chocolate crunch (i think that is the full name). If you like the combination of  peanut butter and bananas, you will love this. The way they made the banana into a mousse, the peanut butter crunch at the bottom and then topped it off with chocolate...oh my amazing!We had a two hour dining experience and to conclude the evening, we saw the singing frog made the evening more memorable.
5	SIMPLY AMAZING. This place was so delicious we went two nights in a row during our recent trip to LV. Our combined visits were just this past weekend. I requested lake views both nights and they did not disappoint. Even if you do not get a lake side table, the view and visual shows every thirty minutes are not hard to miss.  We ordered the following: Oysters on the half shell. I don't eat these raw, but the fiance said they were delicious and of different variations.Jumbo Shrimp cocktail - always a good cold choice.Tomahawk Chop w/ Crab Legs Oscar style - there are no words for this. My fiance was simply in awe. Perfectly cooked 30oz chop with crab legs and asparagus covered in bearniase sauce on top. YUM.9oz Filet - Butter-like! Best steak I've ever had and I've dined in some swanky places all over LV. Could not have been more perfect.Colorado Lamb Chops - Heavenly and of course, perfectly seasoned and cooked.Au Gratin Potatos - worth every damn calorie.Creamed Corned - I'm not a fan of corn, tried this one, still wasn't a fan, but my group def loved it.  Their selection of breads is incredible. Bacon muffins?! YES, PLEASE. This place is a definite must try if you're looking for an incredible dining experience with food and service to match. I over indulged each visit so I didn't get to try their funnel cake dessert! Plenty of tables around us ordered it and it looks divine!
3	Steve Wynn is a radical vegan these days, so all his restaurants feature vegan options. I am most definitely NOT a vegan...but I like to try new stuff, so a friend took me out for a little sampling one night. We started with appetizers here, and then walked across the hall to Lakeside for our entrees (see my other review).I had also been here once for dinner, at which time I had steak. I don't remember much about that previous meal other than the fact that the place seemed overbearingly full of itself, and was mainly patronized by the Beverly Hills Botox Gang. Also, my boyfriend at the time had to lie and pretend he was a client of his (a high roller who was staying at the Wynn)...otherwise they were "booked up" and weren't able to accommodate us, so sorry (yeah...it's THAT kind of place).But anyhoo, THIS time, my friend and I had a reservation, and just ordered cocktails and appetizers...all from the vegan menu. We had a sort of molded quinoa salad that was FANTASTIC, plus a butternut squash soup with cilantro that was FAAAABULOUS. We also had some croquettes that were made from some weird meat-substitute that tasted like whatever it is they put in croquettes (peasant fetuses or something, knowing the kind of people who dine here). Everything was delicious, and the waiter and host staff were courteous and friendly, even though we were only having apps and not racking up a huge check. Bonus points to them for that!Alas, I f*cked up the vegan theme by eating the bacon cornbread muffin from the bread basket. The waiter didn't offer to bring us a vegan bread basket, which they did later at Lakeside...just the regular shtick, which was the usual Holy Trinity of BreadBaskets: pretzel bread, cranberry bread and bacon muffin.Atmosphere-wise, this is sort of a mix between those clubby old-school steakhouses, and the hip new douchey kind of steakhouses. Muted color palette, sort of country-club bland. I think some kind of equally bland Diana Krall-type jazz playing in the background. Boisterous laughter from the red-faced captains of industry at the tables around us, chortling over their latest acquisitions and tax evasions.  A few cranky old couples in Ralph Lauren and St. John, mincing their steaks in the grim-faced silence that only comes with decades of miserable coexistence with someone you hate, but married because of their pedigree and the lifestyle they were able to provide you. You know....THOSE kind of people eat here!!!Honestly, unless you want swanky vegan food (and even then), I don't really see much to recommend here, as it is very expensive and not all that exciting of a scene. But...if the last time you slept with your steel-titan husband was during the Reagan administration, and your grandson just crashed the Jaguar you bought him as a graduation gift, and you regularly clean out the La Mer counter at Bendel's in a hopeless quest to regain your tennis-playing youth and firm up your withered jowls......you just might dig this joint!
4	made reservations @ 6 couldn't get a seat near the lake but i was ok with that it was hot as hell out. seated in the back of the restaurant on the side. it was  quiet which i liked. we did see whats so great about that lake show ppl was talking about, i heard 1 song and it was over. didnt really get it but there are pretty lights lol.ordered the 30oz ribeye $56, medium rare with side of truffle cream corn $12,came out hot n crispy on the outside, inside was pink n juicy! tender beef! i couldnt even finish it had to take it back to the hotel. cream corn was yummy sweet with truffle flavor! i really wanted dessert but i was so stuffed!oh yea the bread i thought was ok came out warm didnt eat too much it cause i figured it'll fill me up fast. do like the cheese roll with baconservice was excellent but at the end the waiter forgot to bring our check so we sat there bored for several minutes.i do want to come back to try other beefy goodness!
3	Good steak. Bone in new York was well cooked. Wine was really expensive
1	Ok, so you know how family is important to me? Well, if you didn't you do now. We, my niece and I, spent six days total at the Wynn. It was her birthday. We requested (from the concierge) a great table with a view. My partner flew in for the occasion. We were told 9:30 was a good time. We knew to schedule and plan. We showed up at 9:30 ready to go. We were told to wait for a table.  45 minutes later we were ushered to the very back near the kitchen. Do you eat at 10:30? I don't. What would you do? What could I do? How about just be humiliated? Talked to the hotel manager. He said he'd look into it.  Wow,  hotel manager offers Allegro as a compromise. Really?  A walk in bar off the gaming tables at 10:30 at night.  Thanks Steve Wynn, great staff, great experience.
5	SW Steakhouse just made it to the top of my restaurant list. One of the BEST steakhouses I have ever been to, and I have been to my share of fine steakhouses in Los Angeles and LV.Everything about this restaurant is top notch. The decor is stunning and elegant.  Service was friendly, attentive and prompt. They provide pretzels, bread and cheese&bacon muffins to start - the pretzels are delicious!We ordered two 16 ounce New York Steaks (cooked to perfection), the potato puree and the asparagus. Everything was amazing! The steaks are pricey but the portions are huge!We requested patio dinning but since we didn't make reservations we were seated inside instead which was still great because we could see the Lake of Dreams from inside and still had a view of the occasional show.After dinner we asked the hostess if she would take a quick picture, but she insisted we take a picture outside with the view. She really went above and beyond our request, she was really great!
5	What a great dinning experience from the very lovely hostess Stephanie to the final desert course. We sat outside watched the show and had some great food with great friendly service. Met a very nice couple from NY that we had a great Dow port together after dinner. Highly recommend you dine here if you're going out for an expensive dinner. Foi Gras was great, all our steaks were cooked to perfection and tender. Unlike aureole where you would end up spending the same amount of money for dog food.I also recommend Strip Steak, the Kobe Steak is to die for.
5	VERY pricey, but the service, food, and atmosphere was SO worth it.
4	Very good steakhouse - steak was perfectly cooked and the sides were good too. I had the filet with a side salad and both were the right amount of food.  I ate at the bar, basically facing the back wall of the bar, and so it's not the best ambiance. The bartenders were not very chatty and it is a relatively small area.The dining area looks nice and somewhat upscale. I would lie to go back and sit in the dining room and try some other items. As far as steakhouses in Las Vegas go, this is one of the better ones with typical Vegas prices.  I would rank it better than DelMonico but not as good as Gordon Ramsey.
4	All the hotel information talked this up as the best restaurant in town with entertainment provided with a show over the lake and waterfall. When we got there for our reservation the host was fairly gruff - I guess he wasn't impressed with us. We were promptly seated but walked past all the empty tables with a view of the lake and were seated in the back corner with NO view of the lake. Not the way I was expecting to start off my hot date night with the wife before Le Reve. On to the food. Wife had the ribeye well done. I ordered the NY strip with bacon shallops. Also had a side of potatoes au gratin. Unfortunately they forgot the bacon shallots and mixed up our orders, so the strip came well done and the ribeye medium. We switched which was alright but you wouldn't expect that from this level of restaurant. The potatoes were delicious and the bacon shallots were pretty good too. So I would say the food here is a solid 4 stars. I was going to give it a lower overall rating but our waitress was very nice and did comp the meal due to their mistake. Seemed like the staff was a little snooty which is somewhat expected at a nice place like this but it's not like I showed up in sweatpants...
5	Been here 4 times, always have an awesome steak. Get the chile rubbed ribeye. They are Always accommodating, letting us sit by the water. Foie gras is great. Wine list a little overpriced but ill let it go..
3	Bar: For some reason the bartender tried to make my sazerac with remey martin. Minus 1 starService: Was lacking. Just cause we look young dosnt mean we shouldn't get the same service as the people around us. Minus 1 starFood:Rib eye, filet w/bacon, Mac & cheese, and foie gras was probably some of the best food I have ever had.
3	The steaks are really good, everything else is so-so.This is definitely the kind of place that cares more about looking fancy than making exquisite food. There's nothing memorable about the food here. If you're looking for a steakhouse for a special occasion, I would highly recommend Craftsteak at the MGM Grand instead, which has a lot more polish, attention to detail and much better food.Salad -- Overdressed, but ok.King Crab Pasta -- a terrible, creamy mess. Mushroom side -- Incredibly salty and inedible.Asparagus side -- ok. Filet Mignon -- excellent, cooked perfectly.Funnel cake dessert -- really fun, cool presentation, ok taste. We ordered two bottles of wine at the table and the sommelier was solid. I didn't sit at the bar, but I'd imagine that it would be pretty good there. Bottom line: If you're staying at the Wynn and looking for a good place to eat and drink, this will do -- the food is good. If you're looking for a place to dine for a special occasion, look elsewhere.
5	Terrific. Nice sexy space. Try to table with a view of the water. At first it was just cool and pleasant watching gentle lights and waterfall, then after 15-20 minutes a short show starts with videos, music and occasional holograms. We got the filet mignon, mashed potatoes and creamed corn. Everything was delicious, although I expected a little more from the corn after reading so many reviews.  There were no kernels, it was more like a puree. I almost had second thoughts over the price, but it was a great experience and well worth it.
5	Quite possibly, the best steak I've ever eaten.  Perfectly prepared - with a signature char that is heavenly.  Also delicious creamed spinach.  Wonderful crab cake for ap.  great meal! Pricey and memorable.
4	4.5 starsWent to SW for NYE. Dinner lived up to expectations from last visit. Porterhouse was excellent and cooked to perfection. Crab legs with orange tarragon butter were delicious as well. All of the sides (creamed corn, creamed spinach, asparagus) were all outstanding.
4	I have always seen the sign for the SW steakhouse, but never tried it until my last trip to Vegas. Now I would have to say at first that the ambiance of the steakhouse is not my favorite. I like the darker more intimate steakhouses. The SW had more of a sterile wide open feel to it. The SW does have a nice wall of windows overlooking the Wynn Waterfall. The service is second to none. I would have to say that you will never have to get your waiters attention. They are always there to take care of any of your requests. I ended up splitting a steak with my Dad and they had no problem and didn't charge extra. Steak was cooked to perfection and seasoned well. Sides are a little less exciting than other Steakhouses I have been to, but were nice. The price is a little higher than I would like to pay for the food and atmosphere, but the service lived up to the $. I think the Society restaurant offers just as good of food at a better price and more intimate setting.
3	We wanted something fancy during our visit at Vegas on the Christmas weekend. So here we are. Decor = Nice but not WOW.Service =  Decent but would expect better. We waited for a while for our check. Our server was too busy taking care of the large parties (I don't blame him, more tips from them).The View = We requested to sit by the window so we can enjoy the entertainment from "The Lake". But we were disappointed, the so call "show" was kinda ridiculous. Anyway on to the food.Crabcake: Crispy on the outside with lumps of crab on the inside. Delicious but the portion is small. Not worth the price.Lamb Chop with a side of Truffle Creamed Corn: Delicious, it was the best lamb chop I've had. It's so tender and flavorful. Filet Mignon with Foie Gras: The Foie Gras is a must try. I was kinda disappointed at the Filet Mignon. I ordered medium but it's still kinda dry and rough. Ruth's Chris is so much better.The food are overall decent but it's way over priced. I guess that's VEGAS STYLE.
3	Before I go with the bad, I'll start out with the good. Keep in mind this is my first high end steakhouse dinner and I did come on a Thursday night.  I went with a party of four, of course, with reservation. (2 ladies and 2 gentleman)  Hostess seated us promptly and near the fountain show view.Ladies  shared 1 order rib-eye medium well.  It arrived 2 halves in 2 separate plates without our request.  We weren't complaining about that, we were surprised that they did it to save us the hassle of doing it our selves so kudos on that.    Gentleman's ordered the 40oz porterhouse medium rear for 2.  *First timers just to let you know this cut will be cooked on a bone and than be for you cut for you in slices in the kitchen for you.Shared the Crab cake as a little appetizer. Sides we've ordered Truffle cream corn, Broccoli, and SW Fries.3 glasses of wine and ginger ale.Came with 3 different kind of complimentary bread which was pretzel, bacon cheddar muffin, and some other bread.   Services was great. Everyone was prompt and fast.  They even folded the napkins back to the triangle as the ladies went to the restroom which I saw was a wow factor as I am an ordinary guy.  Waters were quickly refilled which out asking.The view of the fountain is a pretty view.  But the show is kind of odd and usual.  I am not sure if they have different shows but the one I saw is about 2 balls floating on water making love than popping out a baby.  I am neutral about the show but, maybe it will bug others.I will go in order.Cheese and bacon and pretzel bread were both good and delicious.The other one was really chewy and hard.It came with butter and i believe it had some sort of black salt on the top. Crab cakes - It was just okay to me. Yes it has big lumps of crab in it and it's non greasy but there is no wow factor in it.  The rib eye (about 1 inch thickness) the ladies ordered was salty due to the season they used as I am assuming it is some sort of salted crust seasoning.  It was to the point that the person who ate this steak had to start scraping off the seasoning. It also came out a little bit too well done for a medium well.The porterhouse for 2 is about double the size of the rib eye in therms of thickness which was about 2 inches.  The first bite I took melted in my mouth but, I soon to realized that after the first piece i ate that the steak was not medium rear but medium.  To be sure it wasn't me I asked the person in which I shared the steak with, he said the same thing.  This steak was also coated with the salted crust but, since my steak was a little bit thicker it didn't seem as salty as the rib eye.The truffle cream corn - truffley (not a word but made up lol) creamy and corns where blended up like baby food.  If i were to eat this as a side i would not be happy with it. BUT it came to the rescue to use as a "steak sauce" to help kill the saltiness of the steak. The broccoli was tender and good but it was also extremely salty.  SW fries - good crispy and season with some spicy seasoning. But would not recommend as it is just fries.  Ginger ale was flat.I have 2 stars docked off because half the food was simply just too salty.  Both of our steaks was over cooked.  For a steak house at this level and expense is simply unforgivable especially with a house half packed.  Sadly the wow factor in my experiences was not the food but, in the staff it self whom provided with great service.Other thoughts i wanted to use my hand to finish off the t-bone lol but I didn't since i feel that this steak house is a classy steak house. I'll update this when or if comeback to this steakhouse. Perhaps it is just my luck.
5	The waterfall is amazing. The bacon cheese muffins are orgasmic. Steak was tender and cooked perfectly. Service is five star. Overall great experience.
4	So we were torn between a number of steakhouses. Yelp reviews are all over the board for all of them. I suspect you will love or hate any or all of them. So we decided to try SW despite the restaurant being named after Steve Wynn, a vegan. The restaurant was nice, but it was noisy. Our waiter was sharp, attentive, and helpful. We shared the porterhouse and it was cooked perfectly to our order. The sides were tasty. We were very happy.Only 4 stars due to noise, stuck in a corner with no view, and food was a bit overpriced.
4	Great spot in restaurant-rich vegas.  Less stuffy than Prime, my other favorite.  If the weather's good be sure to sit outside to enjoy the trippy little "show" they do every half hour or so.  Steaks were supurb (had an ancho chili rubbed bone in ribeye) and the sides were fantastic.  Did the scallops as an app as well and they were stellar.  Very good overall.
4	Delicious steak and lobster with a fabulous wine selection as well.  S&W is a great high end steakhouse at the Wynn.  If you can see out the window to the lake, you'll be graced by the Wynn's trippy little show every so often.  The service is great and the staff is friendly.  If you can swing it, I'd definitely recommend a dinner at S&W on your next Vegas trip.
5	Took the family to celebrate my son's 21st birthday.  A great place to celebrate something special.  My son loves steak, and the rib eye was tender and tasty, and came with three sauces.  The scallops were served on a bed of risotto, and complimented each other well.  Calamari and crab cakes also perfectly prepared.  Expensive dinner, but worth the price.  Fine dining at it's best.
5	I took the bf here last year for his bday and we were completely blown away.  It is definitely one of the BEST steakhouses I have ever been to.  This is really the cream of the crop of fine dining steakhouses.  They sat us out on the patio and though it was kind of cold in November, their heatlamps were on overtime and it actually felt comfortable sitting out there, not to mention how incredibly beautiful it was.  The restaurant was very busy, but we never wanted for anything.  We each ordered salads, soup, steak and lobster and a couple martinis.  They gave us a complimentary glass of champagne. We also ordered a dessert even though we wanted to explode from eating WAY too much food.The service was just amazing.  Our server Tim was the SHIET!  They timed the food perfectly so that we were never waiting for anything and nothing was brought out too early.  The steaks were cooked to perfection.  It was truly so much food, but we wanted to splurge.SW is an example of you getting what you pay for because it is NOT cheap.  It is definitely on the more expensive side for the list of awesome steakhouses on the Strip.  However, it is more than 100% guaranteed that you will be FLOORED by the amazing food, ambiance, and service.  We felt absolutely pampered.  If you are willing to spend the money for an amazing dining experience, I highly recommend SW.  I can't wait until the next big occasion to get the bf to take ME this time.
5	Yum....one of the best Filet I've had. And the Wild mushrooms, are the bomb.Very attentive staff too.
5	SW Steakhouse is a favorite of my husband and I. We have taken so many friends here so they can experience it. Everyone we have taken agrees that it is the best restaurant they have eaten at in Vegas. This place is the total package. Perfect ambiance, great food, and customer service. Ironically, we both don't eat steak often. I have tried my friends steak though and it was superb.  i always order seafood, and it is delicious too. I normally go with the salmon, but if their King Crab Legs with orange tarragon butter are available, I would suggest trying that. It's pricey, but if you like crab, you will be in shellfish heaven! You must try the truffled cream corn. They also have the most scrumptious cheddar bacon bread rolls they bring out before dinner. SW has a mini show on the lake once the sun goes down on every half hour. To me this restaurant is totally Vegas. This place puts me in a great mood, and I enjoy the music and just the complete dining experience! If you like champagne, try The Dream. Perrier Jouet with St. Germain and a candied Hibiscus flower.....
4	This place definitely has extreme hype due to lightshow at night and the glamorous location inside the Wynn. Most of this establishment lives up to these expectations. The service is super professional and classy. These guys have hospitality down! Most of the food was definitely good. I wouldn't say it was outstanding to the point that it was memorable. I've been to many more less expensive steakhouses outside of Vegas (but at the same time, it is Vegas). Highlight of the meal was the Wedge Salad and the Wild Mushrooms. Both were delicious! The steaks are tasty, but a little disappointing. First of all, like another Yelper mentioned, I can't believe they don't serve high quality grass fed organic beef here! For the price, I find the corn fed regular beef a big turn off.Aside from the lightshow, I would say this place is worth 3.5 stars (especially for the high prices!!). However, sitting on the patio watching the show makes the whole experience awesome. I thoroughly enjoyed the numerous "skits". I wouldn't say this place is a must stop, but the experience is fun and the food is pretty tasty overall.
5	Try it at least once.Best to make reservations.  We were fortunate to dine overlooking the waterfall.  In the evening there is an amazing bouncing ball light show.My husband loved his filet.  It was seared and looked like a present.  My scallops were beautiful.  I would have liked salt and pepper on the table.  I am sure our attentive waiter would have been happy to add cracked pepper to my meal.  But, in this restaurant all I could think about is the chef coming out and screaming at me in french like in the I LOVE LUCY SHOW when Lucy asked for Ketchup at a French restaurant.  So I just ate my fish,after all this is a steakhouse.The scalloped potatoes were the best I have ever had.  They should be for the price they are charging.  Just sayin'  I think (hard to remember) we also order the spinach which we enjoyed.  The best part of the meal (seriously) was their bread basket with their signature seasoned butter.   When in town I am going to just get their bread to go!  :)As far as dress code ~This is supposed to be the BEST steak house in town.  Yes, the food and service is similar to the Ritz BUT you would NEVER see jeans at dinner in the Ritz. Would we dine here again?  I think it would be a good idea for Mr. Wynn to offer discounts to his guest who stay at his hotel~ At least a free appetizer or drink.
3	Finally, I got a reservation to this place after learning the trick.  Don't call, just use the online system.  I love to try steak places and this one has been on my list for two years.  I would say, I am so happy to try it. This review is a 2.80 score  rounding up to a 3.a.  Ambiance - Inside the lovely and luxurious Wynn hotel!  What better place to dine when the location and ambiance is A-1.  This is 5 Star.b.  The place - The restaurant is located to the right of valet and down the escalators. It is noisy, it is crowded and inside the restaurant, the music is a bit loud and the "show" that is in the pool outside of the restaurant is either hokey or dopey, not fitting the grand eloquence of this fine dining establishment.  1 star.c.  Dress Code - What happened?  When you speak to them or reserve, they tell you their strict dress code.  Dressy Casual or Business Casual, collared shirts, dress jeans.  Hello, I guess they let the "cool" people in that are dressed down because they still look trendy funky, not trendy chic.  I don't get it, however, either enforce the code or not.  1 star.d.  Food - Exquisite!  5 star overall- Appetizers consisted of Bigeye Tuna Ceviche, Crabcakes and Roasted Beets.  My god, these were great, tasty, subtle and just right.  5 star.- Main course - Bone In Rib Eye 20 oz baby! and Filet Mignon - 9 or 12 ounces, we had the 9 ounce.  Melts in your mouth!Vegan - Of course, since Steve Wynn is a Vegan, I had the faux Chicken and Chickpeas. Absolutely Amazing!- Dessert - We were celebrating a big birthday and they surprised us with a beautifully large dish with Happy Birthday written on it and three mints and a candle. While not overpowering, definitely delicate and classy. e.  Service - 2 star at best.- Check in was 5:30.  We wanted indoor as we said we preferred less noise (due to waterfall) and warmer.  They said outside was heated. We opted for indoor. They sill tried to seat us outside, but got it corrected quickly.- Being one of the few in the restaurant, at 5:30 it is only 10% full, they seated us at the worst place, along the middle where everyone walks and the worst view and the worst privacy.  Not sure how they consider this great or even neutral, as we were celebrating a 50th Birthday, told them this and we are locals as well.  We don't expect the royal treatment, but to put us in the worst spot in the restaurant, I say, not nice.- Our waitress was awesome when she was available. Another person had to step in and help because we were not getting service. He was nice too.  Nice, just ineffective and inefficient.  The guy that fills the water was the best. I must have drank 2 liters of tap water that night and he was right on it!Overall, a great place, just that the service suffers and the specialness of the place is negated by the poor service. Maybe not poor, indifferent is a better word. From the front desk person or reception, to the person that seats you.  It took our waitress about 10 minutes to introduce herself.  This is when the restaurant is empty.  Indifferent is the best I can say.I would go back, the food was awesome!  If  you are paying about 100-150 per person, you do expect consistency in the quality service.
3	fun environment, steak ok.
2	Mediocre, pretentious and overpriced, even by Las Vegas standards. Pedestrian presentation of decent steaks. Outrageous prices on the wine list. Go somewhere else.
3	My wife took me here for my birthday and we were both looking forward to a great meal because of all the positive reviews.  The atmosphere was very nice and the service was above average.  However, both of us had the same opinion the restaurant is way over priced for the lack of creativity and preparation of both our meals.  $54 for a 9oz fillet Mignon and $48 for Chilean Sea Bass, and $16 for a side of mushrooms.  My wife asked for the rub used on the rib eye and it almost ruined the meat.  We love spicy but the chef needs to come up with a better rub and learn how to balance the ingredients.  He/She over used cumin and you could literally smell/taste it as it overpowered the rest of the rub ingredients.  My fish was good, but again it was basic and lacked creativity.  We had better Bass at Roy's for a lot less.  Again the chef needs to learn how to season his dishes because the mushrooms would have been very good if they had not over salted them.  The chocolate souffle was very good, but I was perplexed by his choice of dish used to cook it in.  They used a shallow square dish and I hit bottom real quick as I prepped it for the small scoop of vanilla ice cream. You are paying for ambiance at this restaurant and settling for an average chef.  The Wynn should really take a look at who they have and consider either getting a new chef or lowering their prices.  We don't mind spending money on a great meal, but our meals were definitely not great.  In this review pricing played a big role because who ever is doing the cooking does not meet the standards of a $$$$ type of restaurant.
5	SW is one of those restaurants where you are blown away by almost everything in the place. The dining room is open, well lit, classy, and clean cut. The food is impeccable. The waitstaff is phenomenal, attentive, and friendly. The first time I came, I sat in the dining room. It spectacular. I sat with Amanda and Julio. They were both on spot. I did not have to ask for a thing. The second time, a friend and I sat at the bar. The beef carpaccio is good. The meat is delicious, but the friscee salad elevates the dish. Break off a piece of the cheese crisp and add that to it for the perfect bite. It gives a much needed saltiness to the dish. The beet salad is the appetizer I would go for though. Large cuts of beautiful red and golden beets, tossed in a light vinaigrette, and an aged goat cheese. Delicious. I must have eaten the whole plate by myself. The NY strip is my friend's go to cut. It is charred on the outside and retains all its flavor on the inside. Ask for the chile sauce on the side to dip the steak in. Especially if you go for the cream corn. The balance of fat, spice, and sweetness from all these items are exquisite. The desserts were not my favorite. I had a bite of the key lime cheesecake and didn't get the other components it boasted. At this point, I was stuffed and didn't care for any more.
5	Best steakhouse I've ever been to in Vegas, blows away STK.  Amazing water, light and animatronic show in the waterfall / pool area where our large group was lucky enough to be seated.  Big group sometimes equals less than stellar service but not at SW, it was perfect.  Probably the best New York strip I have ever had.  Every food item prompted raves except Scallop Risotto which was too heavy on the truffle oil, which seems to be a universal affliction in the high end restaurant industry today.  But forget that - SW is amazing. Go there.  If you have been wondering if it's expensive it is, but worth it. Also the Wynn in general is one of the most beautiful environments imaginable expecially the pool areas.
5	I absolutely love SW Steakhouse, this was my second time here and it was as good as I remembered it.  The interior is very classic from the lake of dreams to the upscale designs.  I like that when you walk into this place it doesn't feel like other $$$$ in Hollywood or LA, less pretentious, still fun, but more mature.  The waiters were attentive, on point, never missed a thing.Everyone ordered the classic Caesar to start with, I especially liked the baked parmesan stick.  For sides we had the sauteed mushrooms, creamed corn, au gratin potatoes, and creamed spinach this is also my order of preference.  They were all really great but the mushrooms and creamed corn were my favorite!I had the Asparagus risotto for dinner (I don't really even like rice that much), and it was SO GOOD, I literally ate till I could not breathe.The rest of the table had a variety of NY, Bone in rib eye, and chicken plates which they all raved about.Overall it was an amazing experience, the bill for 5 of us came up to about $600, including 8-10 drinks.
5	I have eaten at SW twice and both times have been excellent. The waiters are very attentive and you can expect the best service. Order any appetizer, salad, steak, side and you will not be disappointed. There are also amazing/weird shows that go on in the lake next to the restaurant. Try to sit outside.
3	Went to SW on a weekday to celebrate a friends birthday.  Staff was very professional, however when asked a few detailed questions he had to leave he table and return with an answer.There were always several bussers and water fillers on hand and came at appropriate times to service the table.  The room is also very modern with high ceilings and large windows which look out to a patio and waterfall.Needless to say my expectations weren't completely fulfilled dining here.  I was surprised at not the biggest selection of cuts (maybe 4) for a establishment specializing in steak.My rib eye was seasoned very well but I wasn't given as much of a kick of flavor as I hoped for.  As any typical steakhouse, the sides were expensive and small.  I was really impressed with the dessert selection and I noticed other tables ordering some very creative things for their large groups!Needless to say it wasn't bad, but in my opinion not completely worth the price.  With so many other options in Las Vegas, I would most likely spend my dollar elsewhere.
4	I took my boyfriend here for his 22nd birthday and we very much enjoyed our dinner. When we got there just on time for our dinner reservations, we were seated promptly, and even asked if we could sit in the patio so we could watch the little show that they show starting from 7:30. My boyfriend and I expected so much from that show based on the yelp reviews, but honestly it's not that big of a deal. The show consisted of barely two minutes of a giant frog singing a song. It was enjoyable to watch however we waited for two hours just to watch this show since we both were curious about it. Other than the show, everything was perfect, the view from the patio is very pretty, the weather made it even more phenomenal, and the food was delicious. We ordered the crab cake, my bf got the bone in rib eye and a side of fries, which in my opinion was not worth $12.00, tastes the same as five guys. I ordered the Bone in New York which the server recommended to get in rare and I'm so glad I did! With a side of the cream corn which is a must try if you're planning on dining here! Soooo delicious! This place is pretty pricy but worth giving a try once the occasion is right! Definitely not a regular place to eat since it is expensive.
4	This place is located inside the Wynn hotel right on the Lake of Dreams.  I guess that isn't too hard to figure out seeing that SW=Steve Wynn.  Anyway, my wife and I decided to eat here on our last night in Vegas.  It is a very nice and classy restaurant.  I would consider it to be kind of a hip steakhouse as well.  My wife and I each ordered the 9 ounce filet ($54 each).  I ordered mine medium rare and it was cooked perfectly, while my wife ordered her's medium well, and it was well past well done when she got it.  So, they brought her another filet which was only cooked medium.  My wife ended up liking her filet, but the waiter was nice enough to take it off the bill due to the incorrect temperature.  We ordered the au gratin potatoes as a side($12), and had a caesar salad beforehand (around $12), both of which were very good.  The best part of our meal was the dessert.  We ordered chocolate creme brulee, which was outstanding.  As I mentioned before, this is a steakhouse inside the Wynn hotel, so don't be shocked by the high prices.  It's Vegas after all.  I would say the steaks and accompaniments were very good here, but I honestly thought the steaks at the Capital Grille across the street were better.  Either way, we enjoyed the meal here and our server was great.  We'll be back if staying here again and in the mood for a steak.
5	So worth the high price tag. I've been to Las Vegas 3 times now in the past year and SW has been a stop during each trip. It is consistently professional, delicious and entertaining. One of Las Vegas' restaurant jewels. You know  a steakhouse is good when you would be perfectly happy only eating the bread basket they serve (warm pretzel bread & bacon cheddar muffins? yes, please). All times I've visited, the caesar salad has been my go-to. It's chock-full of parmesan and tossed in a homemade dressing. I die. Their wedge is also a cut above the rest - it comes with a thick (I mean THICK) slab of bacon on top. I've had both the filet and the scallops with risotto and both were equally delicious. You'd think a steakhouse would be better at steak, but the scallops were perfection and I could eat the risotto for days. Both times I had the steak, it was seared/cooked/seasoned perfectly.Unfortunately, I've never had their dessert as I've always been too full to order it. Their service is nothing less than great - the waiters last time I went were so accommodating in making recommendations, letting us take our time and checking in often to make sure it was up to our standards. I can't wait to go back.
5	Best steak I've had hands down.  I used to be in love with Smith and wollenskys in Vegas but sw blew my mind.  Came here with a party of 12 on a busy night and the steaks still came out perfect.  Could not believe how good their rib eye was.  Seasoned just right and the tenderness was like eating a new born cow, just melted perfectly.  It is a little on the pricier side but I can't complain I'm still going to come back.  Far better value than carnevino.  I remember the sides being pretty good but I still can't stop thinking about their steak.
5	OMG-yes, yes, yes!Why does SW not have a perfect rating? I'm baffled.Everything is amazing here, starting with the bread-there's several types including pretzel bread...OMG delish! For apps your musts should be: Crab legs, oysters, shrimp. Best I've ever had. If it's cold, all of the soups are bomb too.For entrees: Steak-obviouslyyyy-I love the filet. Scallops are also Delicious here.For sides: Truffle cream corn (so unique) and french fries.For Dessert: Everything! The molten chocolate cake, the donuts & strawberries w/dipping sauces, the cakes, OMG everything is amazing!!!!Not only is the food out of this world, but you get to sit with a view of "The Lake of Dreams" as Steve Wynn calls it, and watch many amazing water shows every 30 minutes. Make sure you get a seat where you can clearly see the waterfall as that's where all the shows are projected on to.Hopefully the chef is reading this review b/c there are 2 minor dishes that need to be tweaked here: the mac n cheese side and the tuna tartare app. We've been dining here long enough to know that the mac n cheese has gone through 2 changes, and honestly this has never been a side worth ordering here, but that needs to change! Please change the recipe again chef! Something with 4 hearty cheeses, thick consistency, and a very light breadcrumb crust would be FAB!Tried the tuna tartare app this past time, and it was unfortunately flavorless. Can't go wrong with SW; we go several times a year.1 of my friends is a Billionaire, and he often flys his private jet to Vegas just to eat here...LOL-jk, but he wishes and so do we!!!
5	This is always a "MUST STOP" when I am in Vegas.   I believe SW Steakhouse to be one of the best in Las Vegas.  I always start off with the beef carpaccio.  It is so good, I can eat the whole dish myself.  My favorite steak is the double rubbed chili ribeye.  WOW!  This steak is amazing!! Caution...this steak is 42 oz!!  So, plan to split it with a few friends.  It's worth every penny.  The bread basket is always fresh and delicious, and the restaurant overlooks the Lake of Dreams.  Give yourself a treat, and stop by SW.
3	We were staying at the Wynn and called for a reservation for Saturday evening.  We called around 4 so weren't sure we could get in.  Were told they had a 5 or 9:30.  Didn't work for us, but when I called back to see about Sunday, the hostess said they were pretty open on Saturday until 7:30.  Not sure why the confusion.  When we arrived at 7, there were at least 5 tables open on the outdoor patio overlooking the water.  We asked to be seated there and were told that they would "see what they could do".  Of course, after waiting a half hour (and the seats still being open), we were seated in the back.  Our server was very busy with two large obvious "business meeting" tables spending amazing amounts of money on wine and appetizers.  Felt like we were a secondary concern.  He was very helpful and knowledgable when at our table.  SW is as expensive as any of the other "high end" restaurants on the strip, maybe higher.  What is much more expensive at the entire Wynn resort is wine.  I don't mind paying more for good wine, but $17 a glass to start.  No bottle under $125.  Was prepared to spend $250 for dinner, but couldn't get a decent bottle of wine with that.  I'm from Nebraska, so am spoiled on beef.  The $58 bone-in ribeye was average.  Its prime beef, but was quite fatty and not seasoned well.  My wife had the salmon which was good.  Sides were all excellent (especially Yukon potatoes).  My advice is to get a filet, make sure you call ahead to get seated by the water, and plan on spending a ton on wine if you love like we do.  Best advice is to be in a big group spending big expense account money.
5	Best and most consistent restaurant in las Vegas.   Service is second to none.
5	This place is awesome!  We eat here regularly when in Vegas, usually at the bar.   The bartenders are extremely friendly and efficient, always making suggestions on drinks and food!  I know that the name is a steakhouse, but you can't always judge a great book by its cover.  In this case, you can!  They have the best steak hands down.  We stopped in a couple of nights ago and I had the New York strip steak, the flavoring was amazing and it was extremely tender.  You also have to try the creamed spinach of course, it is delicious. When in Vegas a must SW
5	One of the best places I've eaten in a long time! We split the new york strip steak, roasted asparagus, mashed potatoes, then the funnel cake for dessert. Everything was so delicious and cooked perfectly! Service was excellent and if you can, get a seat outside cause it's a great view and they even do a show. Definitely coming back here next time we visit!
5	Went with 2 other friends.  One had the bone in NY (pretty good for NY cut).  The other had the Kobe wagyu (looked more like sushi than a piece of meat; was really good, but not the best wagyu).  I had the bone in rib eye.  One of the best, if not the best rib eye I've ever had.  Had the souffle.  Twas average.
4	Ordered a rib eye, it was seasoned well and the taste was good. The sides were  small though (and expensive).  I was  impressed with the dessert (yes overpriced but Vegas). We also enjoyed the lake shows, especially the singing frog Will I go back there? Maybe, Vegas offers a lot of alternative Why 4 stars? There were larger business dinners when we're there and seems that the waiters were more focused to their tables. Took them a while to refill my water and my client's drink
4	I've been to SW twice.  Great service, great food
5	WOW.WOW.WOW.This restaurant is spectacular! Dining here is definitely an experience. I came to Vegas for Memorial Day Weekend and dined at SW the first night. Everyone in my group wished we ate there the last night of our trip, so we wouldn't have to compare everything else to SW!!The ambiance is simply incomparable to any other restaurant. When we went, there was a light show and really cute entertainment (a giant frog popped above the waterfall and sang, with lyrics projected over the water to sing-along).The food was great! If you're a big steak eater, I would definitely recommend the porter house. If not, the lobster tail is delicious. And OMG, that bread is to die for (there was a cheddar bacon bread, pretzel bread, and one other that I didn't try). The best bread of my life! It is freshly baked and comes out warm to your table :). Also, the oyster appetizer is bomb. Dining experiences are never going to be perfect, especially when there are a lot of people at the restaurant. Mistakes will happen now and again. The mark of a great restaurant is how you handle those mistakes. When someone in my party got a vodka-based drink instead of the gin one they ordered, and when someone's risotto was a bit over-salted, our server was on it! He immediately brought back the correct drink, made jokes, and even took the risotto off our bill. If you're coming to Vegas, dine here! It' expensive but worth it.
5	Went to dinner with two of my friends. One of the best dinners I have had. Great atmosphere the water fountain is beautiful. You feel like your not in Vegas. The waiters were so attentive. I ordered the New York steak medium and it was cooked perfect. Our sides were Mac and cheese and truffle cream corn and they both were delicious and not to rich. And the bread basket amazing I had to stop myself that bacon cheese bread oh my! Overall if your in Vegas want a great steak and a nice beautiful restaurant to enjoy look no further.
3	The service at most places in Vegas is really good, this place not being an exception.  The steaks were properly cooked, and flavorful.  They just didn't bring anything new to the table.  A steakhouse is a steakhouse in the eyes of this restaurant.  They have a great outdoor patio and view of the waterfall.This place is just another pricey steakhouse - Maybe I'm just over the whole steakhouse... Thing.  Unless they can bring something new to the table, it all seems just played out to me. Between atmosphere and the meat they serve, they're all becoming rather indistinguishable.
5	Can you really beat a lakeside table with good food and excellent wine? Didn't think so. The service was superb, the shows on the lake were so entertaining, and the food was yummy. We started with some sparkling rose and the foie gras. Then made our way to our delicious filets and the most amazing truffle creamed corn ever. My red wine was phenomenal and the bread was fantastic. Definitely a spectacular place to dine at in vegas.
5	I know it looks bad when I constantly give 5 star reviews, but I had a good weekend in vegas so screw it. Service was dope. Super nice and helpful. We ordered a lot, I could barely move after the meal and that was with leftovers. Head about the chile rubbed ribeye for 2...more like for 3. it was HUGE.  Spicy and oh so good. I've had several of my steaks at high end places kicked back to the kitchen because of poor cooking/firing but here the steak was perfect. They gave you SHUN steak knives...it was so good that steak. Tender, juicy and the chile rub was just the perfect spiciness. Loved it. Sides were good too. Au Gratin, Creamed Spinach and holy crap, the creamed corn with black truffle. So good in fact, my brother started asking how much were black truffles so he could make this at home. Starters were good too. Big Eye Tuna Cerviche...awesome. Foie Gras Terrine....awesome.  Only miss of the night was the wedge salad. They used a mini-lettuce head..I prefer the traditional wedge. The pork belly was also a bit too thick..I like the bacon crispy and crunch like bacon bits, not like having a slab of pork bacon over the wedge. But awesome spot. They opened up the window to the waterfall but didn't stay for the show...maybe next time.
5	Great steaks. Great apps.  Great service.   A bit overpriced but that's a small quibble and easy to overlook factoring in the quality, service and location.  A must for any true carnivore.
4	Absolutely beautiful atmosphere one of the quietest places to have a romantic or family dinner. Three of us had the fillet mignon one was well done one was medium well and one was medium. The medium well and well done fillets were butterflied and were a little bit too done. The medium cooked steak was actually not cooked enough. All items on the menu are extraordinarily rich lots of butter or cream sauce. I would easily go back for just a simple salad and the amazing assortment of breads specifically the bacon and cheese bread.
5	"The Best Steak in the World!!"This is the second time I've been to this restaurant and have to say that it far exceeded my expectations. Again, I had the New York steak and let me tell you that it was so tender that you could cut it with just a fork and butter knife. The flavor was tremendous. Just a hint though...go hungry. I'm definitely going back and have the same thing. I can't wait. Visited July 2013
2	While in Vegas for a conference last week, my company treated us to dinner at SW Steakhouse and while the steaks were fantastic, the rest of the meal left us lacking.The waiting area is extremely small and there are only about 6 stools in the bar, so large-ish groups like ours (5 at the time, 7 in total), can find themselves standing around for quite a bit.Once seated, the service was extremely slow as we sat, ready to order but unattended to for at least fifteen minutes.  The wine that was recommended to us, although okay, was nothing special and, they only had two bottles, meaning we had to switch mid-way thorough the meal.  Every quality steakhouse I've ever been to has always notified us of a low inventory BEFORE serving the wine, especially when we've had a group of 5-7 people.  Not a major issue with SW but it just shows a lack of finesse, especially when paying a minimum of $54 for an a la carte steak.On to the food...As I mentioned, the steaks are FANTASTIC.  The veal chop that was ordered by a fellow diner also received rave reviews.  I had the smallest steak offered, a 9oz filet, cooked medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  Another diner had the same steak only cooked medium well and his only (small issue) was that had specifically requested it be cooked with a thin line of pink and there was no pink at all.  But, he had zero complaints on the flavor or the texture - it was buttery and juicy and he thoroughly enjoyed it.  Rib-eyes were ordered by the rest of the table and all greatly enjoyed their steaks.As with most (all?) high-end steakhouses, all sides are ordered a la carte.  At SW, the sides are $12 each with the sauteed wild mushrooms and grilled asparagus being the exception as they are $16 each.  All the sides are large enough to share but the potatoes gratin is quite small and unless everyone takes a very small portion, it would only serve 3.  And although the rest of the sides we ordered - creamed spinach, roasted mushrooms and black truffle creamed corn - were more than enough to serve all 7 of us, I have to wonder if that was due to the poor quality of the sides. No one went back for seconds on anything except the mushrooms. I can say that I highly recommend them,The potatoes gratin came out lukewarm with the cheesy crust already solidified.  The potatoes were undercooked and we had to use a knife to remove the servings as the spoon was unable to cut through the hard potatoes.The creamed spinach was not creamy. At all. It was all water without any of the normal creamy goodness that you expect to be clinging to the spinach.  It was swimming in water when it came to the table and once spooned on the plate, the water went everywhere, affecting all the servings on the plate.The black truffle creamed corn was just weird. The black truffle, of which I am normally a HUGE fan, was just misplaced here.  It was almost like an afterthought and simply added to attempt to validate $12 for a $3 dish.  The corn itself was just mush. There were no kernels of plump, sweet corn and in mid-summer, the height of corn season, that's just sacrilege. The grilled asparagus were thick and perfectly grilled and perhaps with a seafood dish they would have been more well received.  Or in hindsight, squeezing some fresh lemon on them would have probably made a world of difference.  Their charred smokey flavor too closely resembled that of the steaks and therefore they didn't have any real oomph of their own.  A drizzle of  Hollandaise would have also given them their own identity. All in all, I would not go back here again unless invited (and paid for) by someone else.  Cut by Wolfgang Puck will be my next LV steakhouse adventure.  If invited back to SW again, I would at least make sure that we had a table with a view of the Lake of Dreams show. The little peeks that we were able to catch from the corner of our table were very impressive.
4	Great steakhouse... The sides are very generous.. One is enough for 4-6...so order less... The wait for the outdoor table was 45 min with the reservation ... Get there early ... The lake show is the highlight of this place... Still enjoying this after 8 years... Unique and its so vegas... Overall great food great service...they should improve the check in ...
3	We ate here a year ago and I thought this place was untouchable.  We went again yesterday and I was very underwhelmed.  The service is still top notch but the food was just blah.  I had the shrimp scampi appetizer.  It had very little flavor.  My mom ate the halibut and it was OK not great.  I had the porterhouse.  It was charred so bad all I could taste is the char.  The asparagus and the Au gratin potatoes were awesome.  We shared a strawberry shortcake for desert.  It was unbelievably good. All in all not what I would expect from Steve Wynn's own restaurant.  Some real good some not so good.
5	Dinner was absolutely magical. I went with a large party for a major celebration, in which a special announcement was made during this dinner. We were seated in the arranged private dining room and I don't even know where to begin on just this room. The interior design of the dining room was beyond anything I've ever seen before. The mirrored walls with dark wood detail on top was delightful. The dining team did a perfect job taking care of us. The table was landscaped properly, the dining utensils were placed and refreshed timely, and the menu was explained perfectly. The basket of warm, variety breads was served alongside a very delicious butter that is topped with black/white Himalayan salts. I ordered an Iced Tea, which was served delightfully with lemon and sugar. The Iced Tea was flavorful, light, and refreshing. For dinner, I ordered the scallops. The scallops were prepared VERY well and paired with a pea risotto. While the risotto was delicious, it had a distinct flavor that I couldn't identify...it was great, nonetheless.  Although I didn't order a steak, others in our party were raving about the ribeye and filet. I will absolutely be back and look forward to dining in the patio area by the lake!
5	It could not have been a better experience. The bar staff was great before the meal.  Very engaging, accomodating and fun.  The bartender made a special blueberry drink (off menu) with fresh blueberries for my wife due to her desire for a blueberry drink.  The hostesses were extremely friendly and their attire was appropriate to upscale dining / classic Vegas.  Our waiter was very good.  He was attentive and offered good suggestions / engaging conversation without becoming a member of the party.The food was out of this world!! We ordered the Porterhouse for Two.  No need for a steak knife because it was cooked to perfection and fork tender.  The side dishes were just as wonderful.  Be careful of the bread basket. The bread basket offerings were the best we have ever had at any restaurant or bakery.  Pretty big deal for us since we usually have little / no interest in bread with dinner.  We ordered one dessert for my wife's birthday. It was very good as well but we could only eat a spoonful since we had already enjoyed a hearty / wonderful dinner.Mr. Wynn and his team really know their craft.  This is now one of our top 3 favorite destinations for steak.  We highly recommend for an adult evening out with great food.
5	If you're staying at Wynn or Encore, then you must eat here.The steak - one of the best I've had.  And I've had a lot of good steaks.They have only one dish that includes chicken, but it was delicious as well.  The hot apetizer with mashed potatoes and cheese was just amazing.And the best part - the show.  It is cool, different and makes you dinner more fun and interesting.  They don't play something the whole time, because it wouldn't be as amusing, so they play something every 10 minutes.  It is different each time, so everytime it plays everyone stops eating and takes out their phone to take a snapshot or 2.  I even did the same haha.
3	Did not have a reservation but they had plenty of tables. Service was top notch but steak and veal chop we had was just average. The creamed corn was just corn mush. Good wine list.
5	This was such an amazing Birthday dinner!  My friends from SD took us out to eat there.  We had a reservation and we were seated promptly.  Jose and James were our servers and attendant and they were very attentive throughout the whole meal.  We started off with dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives (my favorite!) the only problem was that they ran out of them for the second round which was sad.  We promptly got the bread basket and I can not believe how amazing the bread was.  The pretzel roll and the bacon muffin were to die for.  The butter comes out with a rock salt on it (I can not remember what he said it was) but it was so good!!!  I tried not to eat too much b/c I knew we had a big meal but could not help myself.  We then ordered our steaks, I had the Bone-In Ribeye and the Heirloom tomato salad.  The salad was not amazing but good.  The steak on the other hand was perfectly cooked MR and the taste was out of this world.  I have had some amazing steaks in my life and this one is tops!  For sides we shared the au gratin potatoes, truffle corn, and mac & cheese.  I would skip the mac & cheese if I were you and go for something else.  It was good but have had so much better.   I'm not sure what wine we ordered but it was a fabulous cabernet that complimented the steaks perfectly.All throughout the meal James & Jose were fabulous, water glass never empty and the waterfall show was great to see too. Jose recommended the chocolate brownie for dessert and it was perfect!  They even wrote happy birthday on it for me. We also had after dinner drinks and port to go along with the desserts.I would highly recommend going here, it is a splurge but so worth it.  My one major complaint is the back of the stall doors in the women's restroom were pretty gross.  They could use a thorough cleaning!
3	This place could have been a four if it wasn't for our unattentive waiter. EVERYTHING JUST TOOK FOREVER. He didn't really came and check up on us much and even when we were done and took a LONG time to bring us our check. It was a bit ridiculous as I decide to give this place a 3 stars.Honestly, the only thing that really stand out was the Chile rubbed double ribeye that made this restaurant standout. There were a plate full of bread that I really didn't enjoy much. It's not even because I find Craft's steakhouse's dinner roll 100x better but i just didn't like the breads they provided. I thought it was cool that they provided high quality butter with pepper on top and olive oil on the bottom. However, I just simply didn't enjoy the bread.The things that we did get besides Chili rubbed double rib eye were the truffled cream corn, potato puree, bone in ribeye, and gnocchi  and cream spinach. I thought the sides were really mediocre. The one I liked the least was the cream spinach as the cheese totally overwhelmed the dish that I simply can't forced myself to eat more. The potato puree wasn't anything special and I've definitely had better potato puree. The truffled cream corn was a bit interesting. This is one of those times where don't let the looks deceived you. (TO BE HONEST) I thought it looked like puke but when I had a bite of it, it was actually pretty good cream corn. It's not your regular cream corn that is super creamy. this cream corn is a light dish where the sauce is a bit runny. My complain would be that I didn't taste the truffle at all. The bone-in rib eye and the Chili rubbed double rib eye: The bone in rib eye was fairly decent as I know they charred the top on purpose to have that burnt look. I didn't mind it as I quite enjoy the charred top. The bone-in rib eye was only decent but as I was smart enough and have the the chili rubbed double rib eye right in front of me, I indulged the regular rib eye with that amazing chile rubbed. The party of the meal was the Chile rubbed double rib eye which came in a HUGE PLATE. IT was simply amazing and the most unique steak I've had. That Chile rubbed oil sauce was just that cheese to your grill cheese sandwich. I almost indulge everything aftewards(the sides, the other steak ) with the chile rubbed oil. It was that good and it definitely went well with that steak it comes with as it had a great charred to it. A bunch of peppers, onions(mmm), and the rest of the 40ish something oz steak. It is a must get if you haven't tried this place. I say you should go give it a run with another person just to solely try the chile rubbed double rib eye and that's it. That was a standoff and nothing else on that dining table even compared to this dish. The service could use a bit of an adjustment but I REALLY LOVE the atmosphere of the outside as you could watch the waterfall while eating your dinner.
5	Absolute fine dining at its best. They have pricey food but treat yourself to it, it's well worth it. They also have a variety  shows displayed on the beautiful waterfall.
4	Definitely try to get a seat by the fountain out on the patio. Let's put it this way, they have weird, funny, somewhat entertaining things going on while you eat. Call days in advance for a reservation!!I LOVE their steak!!! So why the 4 stars? First, the service was not stellar. I think we just got a bad waiter during our last visit (the first time we went a year ago, we had amazing service). He didn't care to give us drink menus, and when we asked we got only one drink menu and not the wine list. He didn't care to give us bread until we asked. He rarely came by at all. We had other people come by pouring us water and things but honestly, I think we only saw him again when it came time to pay the bill. I totally expect more from an expensive steakhouse like this one.Second, their side dishes are amazing....but their mac & cheese sucked. I can't believe I'm saying this, but it could be the worst mac & cheese I have ever eaten at a high end restaurant like this. Boo. And I love mac & cheese.With that said, like I said, I LOVE their steak. I like it better than The Prime, Sinatra, STK and maybe even Craft (but I really did love Craft too).Despite their mediocre service, which I think was a fluke, and their not-so-hot mac & cheese, I will DEFINITELY be back. Their steaks are that good.
3	My girlfriend and I were guests at the Wynn and looking to get a good steak. We walked in SW and got a table. We ordered the foie gras as an appetizer and the porterhouse for two (sides of fries and mac&cheese). The foie gras was ok, not bad but not great (I thought it was cheap for about 20 dollars so no complains). The porterhouse was AMAZING ! very thick, very well cooked, the filet side literally melted in my mouth. We could not finish it since it was so big. Probably the best piece of meat I have ever had and for only 120 dollars ! It's a steal, I have had porterhouse for more that were nowhere near to this one. The fries were not great, a little disappointing next to the steak. The mac&cheese was good but a steakhouse with so-so fries is a little sad in my opinion mainly when the meat is this great !The other thing is the wine list. They have GREAT wines, but TOO GREAT in my opinion. I was looking at the french wines and they are all prestigious wines (Petrus, cheval blanc)... for a prestigious price... not comparable to the rest of food menu (in my opinion). I was excited to get a nice bottle of Bordeaux (should be around ~200) there was no such thing. I had a great St Emilion a Ramsay's steak for ~150. They do have a Croze-Hermitage for ~100 that was actually quite good. In conclusion, this is a nice restaurant, great value for the food and the meat is out of this world, the setting is nice and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I would put 3.5 star. The wine list really bothered me... and so did the fries...
4	I enjoyed my meal here, but the rest of party of 5 had incontinence meals. I split the ribeye medium rare with my mother which came out nice and juicy, and the wife's pea risotto scallops were delicious. Our side of whipped buttery potatoes were also perfect to go along with the steak. Two other shared the 42 ounce chili rubbed ribeye which i got a taste of and i liked it. The steak wasn't necessarily spicy, but had a nice spice to round out the flavor of the steak. I'm not sure how it is after eating 20 ounces of it, but the bites that i had were good.On the other side of the table, the other two ribeyes came out medium instead of medium rare, and the other sides weren't very impressive.The bread basket is also kind of amazing.
3	Was this the best steakhouse in Vegas-absolutely not!  I've been to at least two that I'd prefer - craftsteak and nine.  Was it better than many - hell yeah. Try the fries, macaroni, Caesar salad and ny strip, all of which were excellant. Avoid the other two salads on the menu and many of the sides which are just ok. The biggest negative was the inattentive service which matches some of earlier reviews, which tells me - hey we really don't give a shit!
5	Best steakhouse on the strip. Be prepared to pay the price - but worth every ounce. Make sure you reserve in advance otherwise you will be stuck with a slot that might not fit your hunger schedule. Recommendable.
4	Great atmosphere.  It's as expensive as you'd expect - but they do it right.  From the amazing rolls to start (the bacon and cheese muffins are can't miss) to the fresh fish on the menu (I had ceviche to start and the scallops as my entree).I also had the chile rubbed rib-eye, which was incredibly juicy and so flavorful.  Save room for dessert, because the presentations alone are worth it - and the flavor matches the presentation.Why not 5-star?  I thought that the service should be a little more detail-oriented for the price.  Our server didn't have strong recommendations, left us way too much time before taking our orders.  The soda that they offer are in the 8-ounce bottles - so you're paying about 5 times more for a diet coke than you would elsewhere.
5	Beautiful and totally amazing. We ate here for our wedding dinner, and I will never forget it. The service was impeccable and the filet was perfection. We will go back every year to celebrate! And it will go down in history as the best filet we've ever had. Bravo
3	I've been to a number of steakhouses in Las Vegas and none of them stand out - for the food. This place stood out for two things. First, the water show. Second, the prices. I have no qualms with paying exorbitant prices for outstanding food. I have a slight problem paying exorbitant prices for marginal food. This is marginal food.The steaks were about as good as you can find at any other steakhouse. Some of the sides, appetizers and salads were above average. I think when you're spending $100+ per plate on dinner, it ought to be off the hook good. Not so at SW Steakhouse.Slightly upturned face.
4	Rather interesting with the service when there are 2 servers, made things kind of confusing and unique.  The first server seemed to lack the attention span or the willingness to give us any attention.  He was better off speaking with others working at  the restaurant.  The second server seemed a little more attentive, but he never introduced himself.  On with the food, the 9oz filet was mouth watering and just melted in my mouth.  Second was the bone-in rib eye which had the same mouth melting characteristics with a little bit of marbled fat for flavor.  The new york bone-in was pretty good as well, but it may have been a little too chewey.  All meats were served rare as requested.  For the sides, the black truffled cream corn had hints of corn but otherwise seemed like a corn chowder, although still pretty good.  The asparagus was good as well, large pieces.
5	Best bone-in ribeye I've tasted. Seafood tower, scallops and the other stuff the people curiously allow to compete for room in their stomachs at great steakhouses were also good.Very courteous of them to stay open past closing even when all other tables (including Steve's) had long ago cleared out. Outdoor late dinner in September in Vegas is about as good as it gets, especially with a view of the ridiculous waterfall show at the Wynn
5	Service was fantastic down to every small detail. Patio is the place to sit if you can. Bread basket is the best I have tasted. Bone-in Ribeye with smoked blue cheese was amazing. Great wine list. This place can't be beat!
5	It's hard to review a place of this caliber, but from start to finish this place is perfection. When you enter you feel like royalty. The seafood tower is unreal, really gives mastros a fun for it's money. The iceberg wedge, damn. Now the the steak, had the filet, I know it's not the most manly of cuts, but it was like butter. Wine list is as spectacular as a JD Salinger novel. I will come back here all the time, this is my new go to place to take friends from out of town.
4	Steak here was wonderful. Both hubby and I had the bone-in rib eye. We had a seat outside and we were able to watch the watershow.  Had excellent service. One if the best steakhouses in Vegas!
4	It has a great view of the waterfall show.  But the only steaks they had were wet aged so for steaks I prefer Lawry's for prime rib or if you can splurge on several types of meat CUT by Wolfgang Puck or if you want sort of a hidden gem the steakhouse at Circus Circus.
1	Don't expect good hospitality at this property...  Went in there today to try to book dinner for my family and make a reservation.  Host and manager were fairly rude and stern.Supposedly first class place, but with coach class hospitality.Go somewhere else to enjoy yourself.
5	Celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary. The meal and service was amazing. I had the scallops which was cooked to perfection. My husband had in the boned in rib-eye which was flavorful with the best crust. The special side dish was the gnocchi with lobster. We sat outside and watched the light show. Best restaurant in Vegas!
5	A must if you are visiting Vegas, or staying at the Encore/Wynn--- which is my FAV hotel there. The only con was when we first walked in the hostest was a little snooty, my friend and I were casually dressed per the weather but I definitely saw guys in suits, maybe it's because we are younger females as well.. who knows? But I asked for a table with a great view of the waterfall. We were seated about 10 minutes after arriving with a reservation for 5:30pm-- service was amazing, I wish I could remember his name but the guy that had our table was so sweet and nice, very knowledgeable and honest about the portions. My friend and I ended up sharing everything, even a steak and we were left so full  and really satisified! We got our steak crusted in blue cheese, had the truffle creamed corn (OMG==YUMM) and the Gnocchi with Lobster (I think it was a seasonal special). We had the little fried cakesfor dessert (can't remember what they were actually called) but everyone talks about them.. the display was cute and the sauce was delish. I would probably try something new next time though. Anyways- we ended up sitting until 8:30pm and no rush to get us out, they actually kept bringing us drinks wanting us to stay since at 8pm they have light/water shows... beware of the really large Frog that sings songs!! But if you never saw it it's pretty hysterical.. don't say I didn't worn you!!
2	Upon arriving at the restaurant, my husband and I were informed by the host that our reservations had been listed for the FOLLOWING night, obviously not what we'd requested. We were told to "have a seat", but that it might "be a while", since this was a Friday night. Not long after, we were seated at the most awkwardly placed table near the corner of the restaurant. Absolutely no view of the Lake (which was one of the selling points from everyone, and something I was looking forward to!), and we were crowded into a half-booth/half-table between two other couples. The serving staff was nice enough, considering we were terribly disappointed, but they didn't do much to make our experience any more personal, due to the fact that they were taking care of our "boothmates" as well. I lost my interest in ordering any appetizers, and focused on the steak. Now, that filet was AMAZING! So much flavor, cooked to perfection, and just wonderful. I was pretty anxious to leave after that, I just couldn't justify spending any more time and money here when I was not having a good time.  So, we passed on the desserts as well (sooooo not like me!).I don't think I will be back here again, which is a shame because the food was fabulous! But right from the start we were made to feel as though we were a bother, since there was a mix-up with our reservation. The decor is beautiful and I'm sure the show is great, but if you're looking for a more intimate experience, keep looking!
5	My favorite steak house in Vegas. You need a reservation and its best you get outside so you can get the amazing waterfall view.
4	Four Star review for ambiance and service, three stars for the food and the prices. The Wynn is a lovely hotel, and dining on the patio was great. The service was attentive without being intrusive.Echoing other reviews, this is a straight up steakhouse, with the exception of some special menu items found at higher end restaurants like foie gras, caviar and fresh seafood by the pound. I started with a beet salad, which was good, but pretty expensive for the portion and simple preparation. We planned to order two different types if steak and share. I ordered the bone in rib eye, which was good, but not amazing. It was properly cooked, but under seasoned and less than I expected, considering the beef was prime. My husband ordered a small fillet, which was overcooked. As huge steak fans, I am always shocked when this happens. The one place you should be able to expect your meat to be prepared properly is at a steakhouse, especially a prime steakhouse. Although we considered eating the overcooked meat, given the $54 price tag on the 6 ounce filet, we decided to send it back. Although the second filet was closer to what we asked for, it arrived undercooked. Since we were on our way to a show, we didn't have time to deal with it any further and ate the second steak. Again, although it was pretty good, it was not the best steak I've ever eaten. My favorite part of the meal was the pretzel bread with the Hawaiian sea salted butter- and sitting near the lake/water feature. This place is lovely if you're dining with someone that has an expense account, or for a special occasion.
3	We picked this restaurant purely on reviews to celebrate our anniversary with a great dinner and a show (La Reve). We arrived a few minutes prior to our reservation time and were asked to wait in the lounge for a few minutes while our table was being prepared. We were greeted by name and congratulated on our anniversary (nice touch). Shortly, we were escorted to our table and seated outside by the edge of the lake...pretty nice spot. The first person (Sommelier?) to approach us at our table took our drink order and stated our waiter, Mark, would be with us shortly. Mark appeared and ran down the menu for us. We decided to order two different steaks to share, a salad for each and a couple of sides. Our salads arrived and all I have to say is "Mmmm". I had the Baby Iceberg Salad. It arrived, plated beautifully, and the bacon was just perfect. Just a small note...Ask the waiters assistant (Ryan is on point) for just the pretzel bread and an extra dish of the butter (you will understand once you get it). As I was nearing the end of my salad, our steaks arrived. The rib eye was cooked ok, but the filet was over cooked. Now, when I go to what is ostensibly one of the best steak houses in town, what is the ONE think you would expect to be cooked perfectly....the steak. They did offer and I accepted to have it replace with one cooked to my liking but the second arrived a bit undercooked but having tickets to a show forced me to accept the second piece of meat. The au gratin potatoes were just average and the Black Truffled Creamed Corn was soupy and reminded me of grits. The ambiance was nice as the waterfall changed smoothly though a rainbow of colors. The strange thing was the misplaced "entertainment" on and around the waterfall every thirty minutes. Really...a singing country frog?!? Not sure why the strange distraction. They could omit this sideshow and everyone would have an uninterrupted meal and not sit there scratching their heads.Overall, I really would like to have reviewed this restaurant better but after spending $200 for two people to dine, EVERYTHING should have been perfect.
4	There is a view of the large "Lake of Dreams" in the dinning area, a truly Vegas spectacle. It has a running track of different animations, songs, and lights to briefly look at during dinner. Now this is a steakhouse. So before I mistakenly ordered fish, my server reminded me of this and I had the filet minot. Which was delicious and tender. For sides we had the mashed potatoes and truffled gnocchi. Overall, great food and service.
3	The rib eye steak was very good, with the blue cheese spread topping. However, the lobster add on was slightly soggy or something... It was just not very good. Also, the sides were average at best. They too were watery/soggy. I did enjoy the random shows on the "lake" that would periodically appear, and dessert was solid. Good restaurant, not great.
4	Brace yourself for my next statement. SW Steakhouse is the best vegan restaurant in Vegas. Crazy, right? Well, what isn't in Vegas? Since Steve Wynn's ethical evolution, all of his restaurants now have vegan menus. And when I say Vegan menus, I mean thoughtfully designed incredible vegan menus. SW Steakhouse is by far the best. We ordered two entrees each plus Steve's chopped salad (best vegan chopped salad in the world). Everything was fantastic. To all vegans visiting Vegas, if you can get past the name, you should definitely eat here. You won't be disappointed.
1	So disappointed with SW.  My boyfriend and I were staying at the Wynn and were looking forward to dining at SW we had heard wonderful things about it.  However the experience was horrible.  Our waitress made a point of gesturing to the specials on the menu and then said I won't explain them you can just read them.  Um isn't that her job to explain the menu?! We asked for just the pretzel bread but were given the mixed bread with no explanation of what types of bread we were being given. The restaurant was EXTREMELY loud and my boyfriend and I couldn't even have a conversation because we couldn't hear each other over the noise.  Our food was good.  We had the chateaubriand which was melt in your mouth tender, the potato au gratin and the tuna ceviche.  Throw in a salad and a bottle of wine and your talking about a $300 meal that was probably the most disappointing of my life.  To top it off the waitress never asked how our meal was or why were so eager to get our check and leave.  I really expected more from the Wynnn!
4	Very good. Very expensive. I honestly think the rolls were the best thing I had. But they were the best rolls I ever had. So in the end, would I go back - yes, for drinks, apps and rolls in the bar and head out to dinner some place later in the evening
1	Came to vegas to celebrate my 50th b-day and being a steak kinda guy SW was #1 on my list, , in life you make all kinds of choices and this one was one of the worse ones.         Lets start with the matre d, several table open at the windows and refuse to let us dine there. The head waiter was very indifferent to us, he spent much time at his other tables but only came to ours 3 times (ordering,salads, check) Food; the florida crab claws were great, the caesar salad dressing was very good but flat lettuce swimming in dressing does not make a salad  worth eating, the chef special bone-in filet was a beautiful piece of meat that was wasted by bad cooking, i order medrare, was med+ on the edges to nearly raw at the bone, waiter never came by to check on us or our meal.waiter finally showed up, with a $400 bill, no dessert, no happy birthday, not evan a kiss
4	Came here for my little sister's graduation dinner the other night. Was really excited to try it as it's rated as one of the top 25 restaurants in the US (at least thats what the reservation guy told me). Dishes that stood out:-Crabcake was PERFECT. a way bigger portion than I was expecting and very tasty.-Black truffle cream corn... YUM. super good and surprisingly not that heavy.-The bacon cheese bread thing  was super delicious-Rib Eye was cooked perfectly! The creamy horseradish sauce was also really good. If you order toe foie gras, it's a hugeeee piece!Reasons why I'm taking a star off:Risotto- tasted really bland and the consistency of it was strange with the crunchy vegetablesService- from the hostess, to the server, nobody was that friendly. Not sure if SW is going for the stuffy pretentious vibe but I felt like they were annoyed to be working or something..kind of off putting considering I'm eating a $500 meal and celebrating a graduation.With all the highly rated steakhouses in Vegas, I'm not sure if I would come back to SW right away but still glad I came (and mom paid)!
3	I've had SW Steakhouse on my Vegas-must-eats for a long time but we're never on this side of the strip, so when we decided to stay there for the weekend, I knew I had to book it. Unfortunately all the times on OpenTable were incredibly late into the night. I called Wynn concierge and was able to get 7:30pm on Saturday instead of 10pm on Thursday, haha. Whew! I was so excited to come here but after having Prime, Mastros, Carnevino, etc...the experience was a bit lackluster for me. The restaurant itself isn't overly decorated and the service was just ok. We didn't really get a view of the waterfall but occasionally we would hear the music and see some of the lights from the show. The food wasn't amazing compared to other places we've had so overall it was just a-ok for us. I would not strongly recommend it to others.
2	We had dinner at SW last night.  Had really looked forward to a nice dinner with water show. From a peek at the prices ahead of time, I thought that this was going to be a very special dinner. Turns out, not so much. We both ordered the baby wedge salad which comes with bacon. In my mind, bacon should be crispy and thoroughly cooked. What was served was a VERY thick very undercooked slab of meat. I couldn't eat it, hubby had no problem with it. My fillet steak was charred on the outside as the menu states, I guess that I just expected the char to be less thick and a little moister and more flavorful on the inside.  No salt or pepper on the table. Salt would have helped some.  Hubby's lamb chops were too salty by contrast. I guess that the bottom line is that if this  were a more reasonably price restaurant, I could call it average. But for the prices they charge, I just call it a disappointment.
3	Friday 8:30p.m reservation was right on time with a table ready and waiting for us.  Our party of 6 dined at the outdoor terrace that overlooks the Lake of Dreams.   The outdoor heaters kept us perfectly warm in January.  There are a few different water shows that play periodically in the lake which is a bonus to sitting outside if you are looking for an entertaining dining experience.   Some of the shows are odd but still entertaining.  Ambiance outside is great and I would never sit inside here.I wasn't very hungry so I ordered 2 starters and no entree.  I love beet salad and order it whenever I see it on a menu.  The beet salad here was small and not something that I would ever ordered again at SW.  Most of the beets were grated on the plate with only a few small chunks of red and yellow beets on top w/ hardly any greens.  I also ordered the Steak Tartare.  They put the steak pieces in a metal ring and only usually sear the steak in the top of the ring.  I requested that they sear the top and bottom so it wasn't totally raw on the bottom. It came out cooked just like I had wanted. It included 4 pieces of toasted bread, Worcestershire Dijon Aioli,  crumbled hard boiled egg, with chives. Excellent flavor and very filling for being a starter.  I had a few of my friends steak fries that were phenomenal and seemed to keep their heat for a while. I am sure we can all agree that really hot french fries are the best!  Dessert:  Funnel cake was excellent.  It came with about 6 cakes on a metal tree. It was served with some strawberries and a trio of chocolate and carmel dipping sauces. 5/5 --a must try.They do offer quite a few vegan options if that is something that you are looking for.The negatives:  The table that was right next to us had 3 or 4 people smoking and the smoke wafted our way which is always unpleasant.   Smoking shouldn't be allowed at SW even if you are outside--Yuck! We had to look for our waiter to order more drinks which is really annoying.  They didn't keep the iced teas full and I sat with an empty glass for quite a while before I had to request a new tea because they were oblivious.  My friends requested the wine list but they took so long coming back to see what they selected that they changed their minds because it was getting late and most were working early the next day.  A "fine dining" steakhouse like SW should give exceptional service for the prices you are paying and should absolutely NOT allow smoking. Don't just drop the food off and vanish.  You shouldn't have to hunt the waiter down for drinks especially when they have multiple servers looking after your table.  Hidden Restrooms: You either have to know where they are located or ask someone where they are???  They are hidden behind the large back wall area of the bar.  There isn't a sign indicating restrooms are behind the wall and it looks like an area for staff only.  The ladies room has frosted glass doors that had smudges and fingerprints all over the doors giving it a grungy feeling.
2	Date: 11/25/2013Check: 2779Server: 1906047 ShannonFirst off, let me say....we have visited many restaurants on the strip.  I believe Bartolotta at the Wynn is perhaps the best restaurant on the strip.  Well, we decided to try SW Steakhouse.  I called ahead (one week) and requested a seat outdoors so we could watch the light show on the lake.  The people at the restaurant said "no problem" and guaranteed me a seat outside.  I asked again, and they said I would have a seat outside "guaranteed."  The time came for our reservation on November 25 of last year.  Our seater came and got us and started taking us through the restaurant and not outside.  I thought "ok...maybe this is the way to go outside."  No.  They seated us inside the restaurant.  I told our server that we are supposed to be outside.  She got the manager and the manager said they have a party going on outside and there is no seating available.  I looked outside (actually walked out there) and there was plenty of seating available.  Nothing was roped off for a party, and the guests sitting out there were not there "for a party."  I know this because I asked them.  The manager then proceeded to tell me the party will occur later.  I asked when....and he said later.  The manager said he would make up for it by giving us amazing food and service.  We will see....I decided to eat anyway so I could at least experience the food and service.  At this point; however, I was not happy.  I just lost money playing poker at Treasure Island as well so somebody has to feel my wrath...might as well be a steak house.Food:  I ordered the lamb chops.  Perhaps the worst lamb chops I have ever eaten.  So much unrendered fat that they were inedible.  It was sitting on a pool of greasy stuff that they said was a sauce.  I guess the stuff in the grease traps at McDonald's is a sauce as well?  Not their best effort by a long shot.  Service: The waitress was only there one time to ask for our orders and we never saw Shannon again.  I got lamb, and my wife and daughter got steak.  She didn't come by to ask us if our steak was cooked properly or if my lamb was cooked properly.  The only person there was the guy that refilled our water and bread.  I told him about my lamb and he said he would tell my waitress.  She never came.  We never saw her again for the rest of the night.  I believe she is a female version of Bruce Wayne...fighting crime while trying to put up this waitress facade.  She is a crummy waitress, but she makes the world a safer place so I suppose she can have a break from too much criticism.Oh....by the way.  The party never happened.  Unless it is a part of invisible David Copperfields.  Nobody was out there.  Maybe it was a party for dead people like some weird M. Knight Shyamalan movie.So...I lost money at TI and was screwed over at SW.  However, I got to meet a superhero's alter ego mascarading as a waitress.  So I now have something to tell my grandkids if I have grandkids.  The lamb I ate might have made me sterile.
2	I think I'll stick to the Lakeside next time. During a recent trip to Las Vegas, my husband and I knew exactly where we wanted to go to have a nice dinner...one of the two restaurants overlooking the lake at our hotel, the Wynn. Since we had tried the Lakeside during a previous visit, we decided to give their next door neightbor, SW Steakhouse a try. I need to remember to stick with my first choice in the future. Half the fun of eating at either SW or Lakeside is sitting on the patio overlooking the lake, but since it was "cold," they had the patio closed. Therefore, our reservation requesting a view of the show on the patio was null and void. Since the patio was closed, there was minimal seating along the window and although we had a reservation with a lake view request, a window seat wasn't available so rather than wait another hour, we decided to go with whatever was available. That turned out to be the table furthest away from the window, in the back of the restaurant. However, I wasn't going to let that get me down! After all, we were still at an incredibly delicious restaurant! My favorite part of the meal ended up being the cheese rolls they bring out to begin the meal. I gobbled up every bite and immediately regretted my decision as I felt myself filling up! But, I found room to continue. Our first course was the wedge salad which I really enjoyed. For my entree, I decided to order the lamb chops. This is where disappointment comes into play. Here at this incredibly expensive, high-end restaurant, my lamb chops arrived to the table cold...or should I say, cold to lukewarm. I tried one bite and thought it was just a bad bite but then I had a second and confirmed my suspicions. Now, knowing this restaurant and how they pride themselves in their service and products, I expected complete horror in the eyes of the waiter when he realized the issue. However, when he came over and I told him that my food was cold, he didn't seem very phased and didn't apologize. Instead he just took the food back and I waited ten minutes to get hot lamb chops while my husband's food had been there the whole time. After this less-than-par experience of my incredibly expensive entree coming out cold, the waiter never once apologized and when the bill came, there was no mention of this situation. I wasn't expecting the lamb chops to be comped (although in most situations, the restaurant would do that after such a thing happened), but nothing so much as a drink or side was discounted to apologize for the mistake. This showed their lack of customer service and their lack of truly caring about the customer. It was the complete opposite experience that I had at the Lakeside. Moving forward, I will only eat at the Lakeside next door.
5	We dined last Saturday at the SW Steakhouse.  Parties are only seated together. While we were checking in for our reservation, I overhead the hostess taking a call from a customer that wanted a table for the same night.  If you want to eat at SW, I HIGHLY recommend that you make a reservation well in advance of your desired dining date. We waited for our friends in the bar/lounge area.  The cocktail prices were not excessive and made to order (I can tell if the servers are paying attention because I always start off with a Bombay Sapphire Martini, up, in a very cold glass, dry like the desert, with three (3) olives. If any part of that order is wrong it is usually an omen for the rest of the experience).  Because the weather outside was cold (in the low 50's) we were given the option of dining on the patio or inside.  Our party of six chose to dine inside.  I would like to point out that SW does not start with an automatic gratuity until the party size reaches eight (8) this was a nice surprise (even though our tips usually are higher).  Each of the meals was prepared to perfection and the service was outstanding.  My wife and I had the porterhouse for two and it was served resting on vegetables.  The table ordered a few sides to share that the amount of food was actually too much.  Some of our party ended taken food back to their suite.  The wine selection is sophisticated and complete (some of the accompanying prices are sophisticated as well).  Not everyone in our party was drinking wine so one of the spouses suggested to the waiter that they bring something out in the $100-$150 range.  The selection was excellent for our preparation. I would recommend this dining experience to anyone who enjoys a great steakhouse.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant of all time. There is literally nothing to complain about (it is at the Wynn after all.) I've only been there twice because it is a little pricey, but it is totally worth it. From the moment you walk in, they do their best to make you feel welcome. I am young, so I get the shoulder a lot of the time at fancy places. The staff is very knowledgeable in everything they serve. I like to try new beers and the waiter was very informative on their selection and even helped me pair my beer with what I was going to eat. The waitstaff is not intrusive when clearing plates and it seems like they do their best to not talk to you with your mouth full of their awesome steak. As for the food, it is some of the best I've ever had. Last time I went (July 2013,) we started off with some foie gras and the squash blossoms, which I didn't even know was a food. Everything was excellent. My friend and i got awesome New York steaks, you can add foie gras by the way, and my girlfriend got a filet mignon. The steaks were cooked perfectly and were perfect cuts and extremely tasty. For dessert, we shared some chocolate cake and ice cream, with a little bit of scotch. Again, it was perfectly done. The thing about this place that makes it so great is it's 5 star service that doesn't make you feel like you need perfect manners to eat there. Oh yeah, get the truffle creamed corn as a side.
3	2014- this visit was very disappointing. Last time here Stephanie the hostess was fantastic. This time we walk in at 10:10, we had 9:30 reservations but were doing good in the casino and didn't want to leave. The hostess tells us you have to hurry and sit down the kitchen closes at 10:15 and we're like WHAT?  This is Vegas how can u close a kitchen at 10:15. So we were like should we leave and the hostess was like no it's ok as long as you order by 10:15 you're ok. Well we sat down and we were like stressed out that we had to rush, that our food would be cooked by the dishwasher cause the chef got off work at 10:15. Or the food would be all rushed out at once. It was very unsettling to start the meal off this way..Our servers were great they calmed us down and made us feel a lot more comfortable. BUT the damage was done. Now for the food. The FoiGras was fantastic as usual, the bread and sea salted butter was fantastic. However the steaks came up way short. This is by no means a cheap meal! And the quality of the meat should be at the highest level and it is NOT. I ordered bone in ribeye and while it was cooked to perfection it was very chewy. So I sent it back and got the NY Strip and it was better but very pedestrian. It was definitely not a wow. My buddy ordered the filet and it was ok and nothing more.To me the steak is not premium grade its more like a select choice and for the price it should be select premium. This is supermarket quality meat and not gourmet supermarket either!I've decided to find a new steakhouse.  Will try Craft and Carnivore and see which will replace SW as my Vegas steakhouse. SW I bid you a sad Adou 2012 What a great dinning experience from the very lovely hostess Stephanie to the final desert course. We sat outside watched the show and had some great food with great friendly service. Met a very nice couple from NY that we had a great Dow port together after dinner. Highly recommend you dine here if you're going out for an expensive dinner. Foi Gras was great, all our steaks were cooked to perfection and tender. Unlike aureole where you would end up spending the same amount of money for dog food.I also recommend Strip Steak, the Kobe Steak is to die for.
5	Strong program all around. The aged my strip is the thing to get along with jumbo shrimp cocktail. Wines are ridiculously expensive but we managed to find a nice gigondas for about 85.  Great service and great experience. Expensive yes but in Vegas everything is so you might as well get Solid food.
1	Inedible food... and the service was worse. The steak was soaked in salty brine. I sent back the steak and when it came back again the staff had cleared the side dishes and plates. There was just one lonely tiny salty chunk of low-quality beef. Maybe it was the chef's night off.  Staff was arrogant and inattentive, manager was unpleasant. The wine list was uninspired. If you go to look at the pond then maybe have a drink at the bar. Vegas must have a good steak-house. This tourist trap should slap an Arbys sign on the door... although the meat would be better then:-(
5	Hands down my favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas.  Nothing beats the combination of outstanding service, delicious food, and great atmosphere.   Here's what we like to order: Tomahawk split for 2 (it's 30 oz , so plenty enough for 2 people), the truffle corn,  caprese salad (if in season), the tuna ceviche,  the crab pasta appetizer, and dessert. .. You must try dessert, a lot of effort is put into the desserts here and the menu changes regularly. ... Just ask your server for suggestions.  If you're looking for a great steakhouse experience,  this is the place to go.  The only suggestion I have is that they update the music they play, the restaurant has a very alive, energetic feeling that needs more up-to-date and slightly more upbeat music.
5	One of my all time favorites.  I've been to SW at least two dozen times from Orange County.  The steaks are magnificent coupled with amazing ambiance and incredible views of the dazzling waterfall show.  Romantic, entertaining, perfect steaks, and service you can only expect each and every time from a Steve Wynn resort and restaurant.
5	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #46 - #365Did you know that, SW are initials for Steve Wynn?Executive Chef: David Wolzag That's right! Most of his restaurants are names after famous Chefs who grace most of Steve Wynn's fine dining spots but he wanted to mark his name in one of his restaurants. Me and my friend were thinking about eating in a nice fancy restaurant after our Le Reve (The Dream) show and decided to eat at SW Steakhouse, plus they had a great view of the lake show. The Steakhouse is located next to Parasol Down, just take the curved escalator down to the Lake of Dreams and it will be located on your left side. We made reservations but still had to wait for a table, I thought was unacceptable, the wait ended being 30 minutes, plus we were a little late so that was a major factor. The clientele is very classy and mostly an older crowd as Steve Wynn targets for his world renowned resorts. Our server was very friendly and bubbly and made us feel comfortable during our dining experience. He asked us what we would like to drink and we said, "Ice cold water" than he started explaining different kinds of water from non carbonated to carbonated, it was just confusing but a fun experience. We were seated right next to the lake show and we enjoyed the view from our table as we ate and drank our $$$$ meal! Sadly, we requested to eat on the patio but they said it's not permitted because of the hot summer weather, which would ruin the ambiance our dining experience. We ordered: + Steve's Chopped Salad $17  - Avocado, crisp potatoes, Dijon vinaigrette+Roasted Skuna Baked Salmon $36  - White asparagus, fava beans, whole grain mustard sauce+Fillet Mignon 9 ounces  $54 - Aged Nebraska Corn-Fed beef is 100% USDA PrimeWe were blown away from the presentation to the taste of the food, this was truly the fine dining experience we were looking for, especially at Wynn.  I will definitely  be back to try more items on the menu and experience the classiness that is of Wynn Resorts.
3	Came out to Vegas with a couple buddies on a spur of the moment road trip from California.  As customary tradition, we like to do one fine dining per trip to Vegas.  Initially we had a couple restaurants in mind, but upon booking our hotel at the Wynn, we got convinced by the front desk to try SW.Location: SW is located inside of Wynn by the Lake of Dreams which is on one of the lower floors directly across from Lakeside Seafood.Food:  One of the main reasons why i choose this place was the fact that they served Foie Gras (which has been banned from California) and im a steak lover.  I figured if Steve Wynn was willing to put his reputation/name on the line for a restaurant than it must be good. Complimentary bread-  One would think complimentary bread would be complimentary bread, but SW took it up a notch and not only offered a variety of bread but they also offered a bacon cheese bread which was delicious. Seared Steak Tartare w/ worcestershire, Dijon aioli, crumbled egg, chives, and grilled bread-  To my disappointment the steak tartare was very bland and had no worcestershire or dijon aioli flavor to it.Sauteed Hudson Valley Foie Gras-  Out of all the items i ordered, this was my favorite.  The foie gras was cooked perfectly and the sauces complimented the dish very well.  Also to me and my buddy's suprise they did not skimp out in regards to portion size.  I was very impressed with this dish and it almost made me want to order another one lol.Bone-In Ribeye-  Due to the fact that SW is known as a steakhouse which has been endorsed by Steve Wynn, i expected the steak to be really good.  I choose the Rib eye due to the fact that it would have the most flavor because of its marbling.  Upon order i had requested my rib eye to be medium rare and told him that i would not mind if it was more on the raw side since most steak places tend to overcook.  In my opinion its always best to be undercooked than overcooked since it can be corrected.  Unfortunately for me, my steak came out overcooked and more on the well done side.  The steak lacked a little bit of flavor and was not tender as i expected it (prob because it was overcooked).  When the waiter checked up on our table and asked if everything was okay, i noted that my steak was way overcooked.  He simply replied with im sorry ill let the cook know and make sure it wont happen next time and did not offer to solve the issue nor have my steak redone (Only had two bites..initial bite and the second bite from the middle just to verify it being overcooked).Overall i was pretty disappointed with this place.  The only thing that was really good was the foie gras and the bacon cheese bread.  For a place that is considered fine dining, one would think they would fix the problem and make sure its customer's were satisfied with their meal esp in a city where there are many competitors in the fine dining department.  As far as coming back, sandly i am still not sure if i would come back to this place.
3	meh.  steak is not usually a 'good deal' at a restaurant, so I set the bar high.  neither was the steak perfect, nor the atmosphere 'wonderful' nor the service 'great', it was all just 'okay'. and rather expensive
4	I was taken here for my brithday this year on 2/22. Yes, it was only 4 days ago, so this experience is fresh in my mind.  The service was great. I would expect nothing less from a restaurant named after THE Steve Wynn. We were seated very politely. First we received our bread basket, which had a greay assortment of baked breads, including a pretzel bread and a cheese biscuit with bacon pieces baked inside. Yum!For our meals, my boyfriend ordered a T-bone steak, and it looked amazing. He ate is all, except for the fat he cut off. I ordered the 9oz. filet mignon, and could only eat half of it. It was so much meat. I want to come here again. I will order this and a side dish for my boyfriend and I, and share both. That is more than enough. As for the sides we ordered, a vegetable medley and  the creamed spinach. The vegetables were OK, nothing too exciting and the creamed spinach was VERY rich, and I felt it had a little too much cheese. I honestly don't think I would order it again.The highlight of my dining experience was the giant singing frog that  rises above the waterfall. Sitting right next to the lake was also really beautiful and special. I would love to eat here again, just to sit next to the lake and feel the mist, eat and people watch. It was not perfect, hence the 4 stars, but I still had a wonderful time, and would return again and again when I get the chance.
1	We went to SW this weekend. So this is really fresh on my mind.I was at first so excited about going to visit the Wynn for the first and eat at the famous SW steakhouse...... The Hotel and casino was amazing however I am not rating the hotel or casino I am rating SW steakhouse. A complete disaster. We were a party of Six we ordered drinks and appetizer and food and sides and dessert. so we experienced the whole think with this establishment. The steaks were terrible and dry from the Fillet Mignon, Rib Eye Steak, New York Strip, and even the Chicken.... Wow I can't believe it. they missed the mark on every once order. The only thing that was good was the french fries.... Even the mac and cheese was terrible. The service was horrible. It was a cooler evening so we asked for the heater to be turned on which is right above our table.... They turned it on and then they turned it off, when asked why they did that they said the table next to us didn't want it on. What!! that table next to us has its own heater what the heck does our heater have to do with their table. They were six people just like us and we ordered more stuff then they did. I really wanted to complain while we were there, however my group said it wouldn't make a difference. I just told the waiter to compliment the chef on the French Fries... I hope that made sense to him. I wish we had gone to Ruth Chris and spent the money there. At least we would have got excellent service and most importantly great food. and then went to the Wynn to enjoy the hotel and casino.Mr. Wynn I don't know what you were thinking about that steakhouse, however I would really would appreciate if you were to go and try it yourself.
5	I have dreams of the rib eye from time to time. I heard Steve Wynn is a vegetarian yet he still lends his initial to this place. C'mon bro, have you TRIED your steaks here. Come back to the dark side Steve.
5	Just returned from a wonderful dinner at SW.  Dinner was to be at 8 but we were all hungry so hit the restaurant at 7:30 and were seated on the patio.  First thought was the cool evening but the heaters did the trick and when the goodies started to roll, all was perfect.  Started with Caesar salads, right amout of lettuce to match the dressing and had a New York steak for entree.  Others had Filet's large and small with the Au Gratin potatoes. Had a couple of other sides but the creamed corn was not to our liking even though it was a hit by our waiters standards but reminded me of oatmeal.Have eaten here several times and have never been unhappy.  Can't wait to go again!
5	Wow! Had an amazing experience there. Fine dining and a great show every 30 minutes. The steak tar tar and filet mignon was epic... Defanently recommend to anyone coming to vegas looking for only the best.
1	The worst experience ever! The " ribeye" was the worst! Waited for 1 and half and got piece of burnt meat!
3	The ambiance, decor, and service in SW are near 5-stars. However, I had high expectations for the food which wasn't quite met.I first ordered the cider off the menu, which was an English import. I home brew craft cider and beer, and have an extensive palate for these drinks. The cider was excellent, and among the best I've tasted. Light, dry, crisp, but refreshing. My main course was bone in rib eye with blue cheese topping. The steak was overcooked, and my dining partner who got the filet also had an overcooked steak. My theory is they sat too long on warming deck and cooked too far through. It takes a while to be served, because they bring out main dish and sides all at the same time, which may've led to dry overcooked steak. Also, the blue cheese completely over powered the steak. However, when eating portions not drowned in cheese, the meat still was quite bland. The steak was really a 2-star type eat you could get in downtown Vegas for $10. I finished with chocolate cheesecake, which was excellent. Thick and rich, with chunks of chocolate embedded in the cake. It was paired excellently with the cider.Overall I got some good food and service, but I can't give more than 3-stars for a "steakhouse" that is not serving excellent steak.
5	Everything was perfect - the steak, the appetizers, the sides, and the dessert.  Everyone at the table - all 6 of us, had the same opinion.  Service and atmosphere also wonderful.  We will definitely return
4	This I actually my 2nd time visiting SW the first time I visited it was just ok, I'm glad I came back had a fabulous veal chop and tuna and crab cakes for appetizer, we were sorted inside which ii prefer patio sitting by all in all still a good night
5	I've been here three times. It was consistent and perfect!I really like the way they char their steaks...a lot of places cannot do that. The complimentary bread (bacon/cheese) and salted butter are truly sublime!I like to sit at the bar. Alfred and Lorena provide friendly, attentive, complete service. They made the meal special!This is a world class steakhouse!
5	Have been here twice and it is one our favorite places to go for an awesome steak.  WOuld come here more but dont always want to get dressed up.  THe steaks here are the best I have ever had and is why we keep coming back.My bf gets the new york strip and he eats it without his usual A1 cause it has just so much natural flavor and is super juicy so need for anything but a side to go with it like theere creamy mash potatoes are also very good.  I have tried there steeak as well and their lobster pasta dish whihc were both very good and very filling.The lobster pasta dish was very full of flavor amd creamy and not over powering like i thought it might be .They also have this wedge house salad that is freaking awesome and is great to split between two people it had basically a head of lettuce cut in half and then served with tomatoes and this nice thick cut clice of bacon and an swesome ranch sauce.  We get this everytime.  The portions are very good size, and pricing isnt bad compared to the rest of the steakhouse on the strip.Plus what i really like is we maade a reservation for one time but wasnt going to be able to make it to an emergency so we called and they said they could push it back for us to whatever time we would like and that if we need to call back and push it back further cause of the emergency they could do that as well.  Which was great considering we were going there for our anniversary dinner. We had to clal and push it back twice and it was extremely busy for the summer and on the weekend and we didnt have to wait or anything. This place is nice no matter where you sit but if you can sit outside and see the show they have out there, its worth it . Will be coming back to this place for some awesome food this summer and i can't wait  my mouth is watering already.
5	Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.  It honestly couldn't have been any better.First of all, sit outside... the ambiance is amazing.  Why would you sit in a dark room when this is available.  There were two 'shows' while we ate... one with a giant frog over the waterfall (I know, right?) but it was great.  It was the puppet frog singing "Wonderful World" and the other was a light show, but not in any way cheesy.  It just helped create this relaxed, elegant, but still fun atmosphere.  It's hard to describe the environment... not Vegas, not 'Disney', not touristy... don't know... but very much "Wynn."  Now, the actual dinner.  The service was impeccable.  Our waiter and his partner were spot on, never an empty glass, always asking if we needed anything and if we were talking, they'd wait then come back when you finished... or, they'd sneak in and fill your glasses without you even knowing.  When they weren't "on camera," they were still smiling and friendly just walking around... so many times, waiters put on the act when they get to your table and then you see them more 'real' when they step away.  Not with our waiters.  It honestly went above what I'd expect.  There were also manager(s?) quietly walking around checking on things for quality control.  That's a management team that gives a damn beyond the lip service of 'caring about customers'.My friend and I ordered a variety of things.  She got a lychee martini and I got a Reisling... both were amazing.  I've never had a better Reisling in my life, honestly... I can't recommend it more highly.  (I don't care if it doesn't "pair" with steak, it just tastes great.)We got a Rib Eye and a NY Strip and split them.  I didn't use any sauce except for a little creamy horseradish here and there but you can eat them without anything.  They were cooked perfectly and the selection of meat was perfect... no gristle anywhere.  They do this way to making it just crispy enough around the edges while maintaining the softness inside.  We also got mashed potatoes, which were also great.... probably 3,000 calories though, haha.    Get a reservation though, that's for sure.  I got mine about three weeks out but it gets tight quickly.  Overall... I can't thank SW Steakhouse enough for a better night catching up with a good friend.  Everything was perfect, top to bottom.  You couldn't have a more "five star" review than SW Steakhouse.
5	The service an scenery was amazing. However I was slightly disappointed on the steak an mashed potatoes. The steak was slightly flavorless including the mashed.  I personally work at a steakhouse an I could tell the difference. Other then that everything was amazing. It is just my opinion but I would recommend to others thanks!
3	With all of the highly rated steakhouses in Las Vegas, I am disappointed that we chose to dine at this one. The service was decent, but that is to be expected when you have three servers circling your table at all times. The wine selection leaves a lot to be desired in selection and price range. They have non-estate California wines on the menu for $40/glass and up; yet, the same wines are available in the hotel bar for half the price. That was off putting. Then, the servers...they are not rude but they aren't nice either. They are just there, serving. They barely spoke and were not approachable. Overall their attitude does not match the ambiance of the restaurant. It is an open air steakhouse with outdoor seating that overlooks a water show, so there is no apparent need for the pretentiousness of the wait staff. The food was definitely a 3 star experience. It didn't knock my socks off but it wasn't terrible. The filet mignon was dry and unseasoned. The cream corn was good but had too much cilantro in it. There was a lobster gnocchi on the menu that was to die for! The gnocchi was perfectly cooked and there was plenty of lobster in the dish. I also had the scallops, but I substituted the risotto for asparagus as the reviews on the risotto were not good. The scallops were very well cooked but severely under seasoned. In all, I cannot say that I would recommend anyone eat at this restaurant and expect to receive the food and service associated with a 5 star steakhouse. Have a few drinks at the bar and enjoy the ambience, but plan to have dinner elsewhere.
1	No reason to pay these exorbitant prices for grisly Ribeye and bad service. First time I've been seated outdoors and had such noise that we could not talk
5	This place has a giant waterfall right outside the big open patio and it sounds fantastic while your eating. The food is excellent, the service is great, they have a vegan menu with a vegan cheesecake that is delicious. Dress code is more formal and it's on the more expensive side but totally worth it.
5	Awesome view with the water light show and the food was great. Had the NY strip was great.
3	I was surprised...but not in a good way.  Knowing the level of scrutiny that overshadows everything remotely associated with perfectionist Steve Wynn, I expected more than was served last night.  The first ribeye had to go back...it was quite obviously not "prime" caliber...to say it was too fatty and gristly would be an understatement.  Our server told us that the butcher had recently changed the way he'd been cutting the steaks due to a shortage of Prime quality beef.  My response: please raise prices to maintain your margin but do not deviate from the standard SW fans have come to expect.  I would stay away until the issue is addressed - you can certainly find a better place for steak on the strip.  On the brighter side, the scallops were on par with what we'd had in the past.  As always, service was top notch.  Rating 3 stars because "steak" is in the name of the restaurant - SW I hope you can help get things back on track!
4	My bone-in ribeye was good but for the price, there are better steak options in my opinion.  My steak was slightly overcooked for a medium-rare but it was still not too bad.  The complimentary bread basket was really good with a variety of different, freshly cooked breads.  The bread alone should give this place 5 stars but high-end steak restaurants all serve high quality bread so in comparison I'd prefer another steak restaurant.  They offer a lot of different sides which I've tried and cannot recommend a particular one that stood out.  Service was really good as one would expect but I cannot give this place 5 stars as a steak restaurant with so many other options out there.5 stars for the bread3 stars for the food
4	Great view of the Lake of Dreams...  Great food...  Okay service.  I felt like our waiter thought he was too cool to be taking food orders or something.
5	Very nice Steakhouse! Don't wear jeans! Even with a suit coat jeans are unacceptable here, same with shorts . A couple guys in our group wore jeans, had to toss them the company card form them to quickly (took like 30mins wtf) run up to the closest designer clothing store for men (a very expensive lesson for everyone). Once we had our table out on the lovely terrace that had a very nice mini pool/ pond with a big waterfall and a interesting (to say the least) show that would start every 15mins. The shows were a very smart idea for the restaurant to use, I couldn't tell you how long it took for food to come out cause I didn't even pay attention. Food was delicious, I had a filet with a little of each of the various sides we ordered for our group. Desert came and was truly a great way to top the night off there. Food, cocktails, service, decor, ambience, and of course the interesting water shows were all awesome! made for an unforgettable evening and of course very worthy of another visit.
2	My girlfriend owed me a steak dinner for my birthday at the steakhouse of my choice. We had pretty good luck at Smith & Wollensky's the year before so I would have been OK with that. At the last minute she suggested SW at Wynn because she wanted it "to be something special". Now in retrospect, going to a steakhouse owned by someone who calls himself a "vegan" is like trying to buy an assault rifle from Ghandi and I wish I had known. My girlfriend ordered the crab soup for starters, hated it and did not finish it. The rib eye was just OK with a very small "collar", the fatty part that makes it takes good. But the part that stands out was that the waiter NEVER ONCE came back after we got our order to check on us. Just not acceptable in this price range. I may be coming back to Wynn but definitely not to SW Steakhouse.
4	A couple weeks back I planned a Bachelorette party and decided to make reservations here.I requested outdoor seating and they managed to fit our group of 10. YAY!The bride loved the fountain/light show and the ambiance. The food:Bread- the pretzel bread was AMAZING! and the cheese bacon muffins? Don't eat too many before the apps and main courses come out!Steak- I shared the filet and it was super tender and delicious. It was overcooked (not rare plus as ordered) but was the most tender overcooked piece of meat I have tasted- hahha! We didn't mind it was done to a medium rare :PSides- the brussel sprouts with bacon were my favorite. I think I ate most of it, oops...The mac n cheese and potatoes au gratin were also good but heavy.Overall the bride loved her dining experience here and the Bachelorette party guests all loved their food too. *Pat on the back to me* LOL. The atmosphere is awesome here and definitely would recommend if anyone is looking for a nice steakhouse on the Strip.
5	Great Steak, Great View, Great service. Probably the best resturant in Vegas. I'm from LA and have been fortunate to enjoy many high-end resturants. The service here made this resturant a step above other "famous" steakhouses in the area
5	Amazing food and service.  Ambience and wine list is top notch as well.  I would go back here again.
5	One of the best steakhouse in town! No problem with jeans, everybody that work there are very professional and I've been there maybe 30 times and never got disappointed. Even when once one friend had his steak cooked not right twice they have us all the deserts on the menu with out asking and then comped the whole dinner- still to today my friend from Chicago talked about it and twice a year that he is here visiting that's the first place we are going to!
5	The restaurant to be if you are hungry for some steak in Las Vegas! This wasn't the first time i had been here but after so many great experiences, i decided to leave a review.We were sitting outside and every hour or so there is a show that took place on the lake.I had the 20 ounce bone-in Rib Eye, cooked medium plus. All i have to say is wow! Must try if you have not been already.Service was amazing.. food was delicious
5	This restaurant is amazing. Off the charts in every area. It is an Exceptional experience in all of the categories that I can think of. Food presentation it is a 10! Taste of food ...out of the ballpark 10+++ the comfort and beauty is outstanding. Servers and staff. So Great!  The details here are Fabulous!!  Visit here soon and enjoy one the most  lovely dining venues you will ever go to!  This restaurant is such a pleasure to review. Las Vegas has a true jewel in the SW.
5	As you would expect at a property like the Wynn, SW Steakhouse is top notch, particularly if you are sitting on the patio on a summer night well past sundown. The food is terrific even if classic steakhouse fare. The Oysters were FOB and a great way to start. Typical salad selection but I thought the chopped was the way to go. Wedge you can get anywhere and Caesar will never be outstanding when not made table side, which it is not. Have had the steaks here many times, which are first class so went with the lamb chops. Very tasty and perfectly cooked. Wine list is over priced but that is a consistent feature of every hotel restaurant, particularly in Las Vegas. Good selection though so while you will pay through the nose, at least you can get a really nice bottle.
5	Worth every penny! The service was impeccable like a finely orchestrated musical. Wonderful older ambience! Was waiting for Sammy Davis Jr. to sit down with me. The rib eye was cooked medium well to perfection. Made my trip to the Wynn a memorable experience.
1	Went to SW when visiting vegas for my boyfriends' birthday last weekend. The restaurant looked amazing when we came in and had beautiful views. I was very hopeful considering the reviews I had read online... We ordered Caesar salad and the shrimp cocktail to start. The shrimp was large and de-veined perfectly. Our Cesar was great as well and came out with a Parmesan crisp. We were very happy with our starters. Then the main course came out. My boyfriend had the filet and it was great! Good flavor and cut like butter. The char was not thick either. It was perfect. Then we ordered the au gratin potatoes and a Mac and cheese with poblanos and bacon. The au gratin potatoes were tasty and so was the Mac and cheese, although a little cold. THEN came my NY steak and lobster tail... The steak was slathered in so much butter that I thought I was eating a bowl of popcorn. The lobster had so much garlic I could choke. Took two bites of my steak. Took 2 of the lobster. Waitress never asked how my meal was after it was delivered. I was shocked they never asked us to cut open our steaks after they were delivered either. Only crumbed out table 1x as well. Very shocked at the service or lack thereof I should add. For 500 dollar meal for 2, you would expect more service training for the staff and cooks that don't over flavor food so horribly. Thought I was at a Paula Deen restaurant with all the butter flowing like a river. Will not be back to SW to spend my money in vegas.
5	While my friends and I were planning a Vegas trip, we wanted to spare a night for fine dining. After some research we elected SW Steakhouse to be our destination.Made a reservation 2 weeks beforehand, Saturday evening at 5:30pm. It's located at Wynn hotel ground floor. Not difficult to find this place at all so we got there a bit early. Checked in to make sure the staff knew we were there already, and decided to chill at the bar a bit. I myself got a Mojito and it was pretty good - it was quite strong and I knew this is gonna be a nice dinner.Got sit in right on time. Once stepped in and looked to the right, there was a large door/window openings and a man made, tall waterfall was there - not sure they did any sound effect but it really sounded like a huge waterfall inside a forrest. Nice environment with the natural light! Now the prime time for food:-) The Bread: A. What a nice start. There were two different kinds of breads, all garlic based and they were just so good and fresh and couldn't stop eating until my friends asked me to stop and save for the steak. Alight... but man that was good.-) Mushroom soup: A-. The whole soup was concentrated with chopped mushroom, not the usual milky-cream type and that was what made it unique. If it could be slightly less salty it would have been even better.-) 20oz rib eye with addition of Alaskan King Crab (oscar style): A. Wow what a nice steak! I asked for medium rare and it was exactly my definition of medium rare. The outside layer was slightly crispy and the inside was soooo tender and juicy. Haven't had that good of a steak for a long time! 20oz is indeed a huge portion and I managed to finish the whole thing, it was just too good. The asparagus sitting below the steak received some juice from the steak, and the two tastes mixed and coordinated with each other very nicely. The Alaskan King Crab on the other hand was a bit disappointed. It's actually an option to be added so I did, and it was just slightly too cheesy and it didn't match with the steak well.-) Mushroom (as sides): A+. Oh man that mushroom was so memorable. With its garlic based sauce and the green onion on top, and the cooking time was right at the point where the sauce went into the mushroom while keeping the freshness of it, that was indeed the best mushroom side I have ever had.-) Cream Corn (as sides): A-. It was not liquid type of creamy, the texture was more like mashed potato but with corn. The sweetness of the corn was quite outstanding.-) Mac and Cheese (as sides): B+. Comparatively this was not as good as the other two sides above; but don't get me wrong it was good too; just that it was not anything spectacular and I would have gone with other choices instead.It was my friend's birthday and the restaurant got us free chocolate dessert with "Happy Birthday" written on the plate with chocolate, how generous!Needless to say this place is pricey and we ended up paying around $120 per person. But the food and environment was super nice. This place is good for group gathering as well as romantic date (just don't sit too close to the waterfall side if you want to enjoy some quiet time) so definitely I am going to go back someday when I'm in Vegas again!
5	If this isn't a 5-star restaurant then there are no 5-star restaurants. I've been going to SW about three times a year on average since they opened in Wynn back in 2005. It is my favorite restaurant in the world. Everything on the menu is fantastic and the service is simply as good as it gets. I usually get the petite filet and it melts in your mouth. Friends usually get the bone-in ribeye, which makes it difficult for them to visit any other steakhouse. Every single appetizer and side dish is the best I've ever had anywhere. Yeah, it's super-expensive, but worth every cent. The little extras like the types of breads and butter they serve plus the waterfall and frog show (be sure to request an outdoor table) make it the most memorable place you will ever dine. Bet on it!
5	Always impeccable service. This time courtesy of Alan our server and his crew. Went with the grilled octopus to start and was so flavorful and would get as an entry if available. Adult beverages were Margarita and leeches martini. Both were excellent. We will always come here for the service and exemplary cuisine.
3	3 1/2 star review. Honestly, I'm disappointed in SW. I was expecting a five-star meal, at a five-star price, and didn't get the meal (but I did get the price).The biggest complaint is that the steaks and sides seemed overseasoned. Everything was salty. It's too bad, because the quality of the meat was outstanding. And I'm not going to lie, I finished my ribeye as it was tender and good, but the salty taste kind of ruined it for me. My wife did not finish her filet and all of our sides had leftovers. I also thought that the service was good but a little overwhelming. Our server kept trying to upsell us on wine and would come around almost too frequently to check on us. He bordered on annoying. Combine all that with what was a nearly $500 check for four people (with wine) and I left feeling a little underwhelmed. I will say that the ambience at SW is five stars. Just an amazing experience sitting outside on the Lake of Dreams and watching all of the shows that Wynn puts on. If you do decide to dine at SW, ask to sit on the patio.Also, the bread they serve before dinner is really great. I might walk down there and slip someone a 5 for some of those bacon cheese rolls and pretzel bread. Just not sure if I'll have that bread before dinner there again anytime soon.
3	We had a group go here after a conference.  I have to admit the food was amazing but the service was terrible!  I didn't know the type of place we were going so was not compliant with their dress code.  It was 110 degrees outside and I was in shorts.  When I was not allowed to sit with the rest of my party, I went back to my room at another hotel and changed.  I get places having dress codes but we were sitting outside and I have no idea why it was so strict.  The girl who "talked" to me was rude and condescending.  I'm sure if I looked like I had a bunch of money, she would have let me be seated with the rest of my group. That being said, when I got back after changing, we ordered and the food was amazing.  It was one of the best cooked steaks I've had.  The "show" entertainment out in the pond was interesting.  I'm pretty sure I saw a red giant ball and a blue giant ball have sex and produce a little purple ball.  I have no idea who comes up with this stuff but we were laughing a lot at the shows every thirty minutes or so.So for food, 5 stars.  Service 1 or 2.  Gets me to this average.
5	I LOVE it!!! Great Service - had the chopped salad (so good i wanted a second).My main entree was a Wagyu Kobe Beef steak and it was AMAZING! Nothing compares! Dessert - Service - Cocktails - Everything was EXCELLENT!!!
4	Service was amazing as was the food. We tried the Chile rubbed double rib eye and I can see why people rave about it. The funnel cakes and dipping sauces were yummy as well. Overall great experience at the Wynn.
4	I'm sad to say that we won't go back.  If it wasn't for the attentiveness and friendliness of the waiters (especially Ryan, who was fabulous!) I would give this review only 3 stars.  My husband was looking forward to eating here, and we were a bit disappointed.  The food was good; my steak was excellent, the potatoes and breads were VERY salty, and my husband's salmon was just okay.  Our table was horribly located in the very front of the restaurant next to the reception desk.  Our table had a constant, heavy "breeze" coming from the front door.  Before we were even seated my husband asked if there was another table available and was given a simple, "no."  I understand that other people have reservations too, however, several tables were empty the entire time that we were there.  In order to not be so annoyed, I just kept saying that the breeze was like eating outside.  In our opinion, this entire experience was definitely NOT worth the $250 check!
4	My boyfriend and I had quite a great dining experience. The steak is great and the truffle corn is to die for, but as for the lobster.. I can't really agree it's maine lobster.
4	I had the salmon and it was good but not up to the caliber of the steaks. My bad. Don't make my mistake. Skip the salmon and order steak!!!
2	D I S A P P O I N T E D !BRAD (general manager) is BAD, as in Terrible. Every time I go to Vegas, whether I'm with friends, family, or business, I have always made IT a point to eat at SW. After this experience, I won't ever go back.The Four Seasons made an early reservation around 6pm with a request to have a table with a view for my party. When my mother and I arrived, we were greeted by a hostess. She takes us to our table and it faces the kitchen. We asked if we could sit on the patio and she states "It's all booked" SW has a big patio dining area - There were only two couples on the patio at the time. I stated, "So all those tables are going to fill up within the next hour and half?" She ignores me and takes us back to the hostess stand.....Here is where we meet the ASS - Brad. My mother tells him The Four Seasons called and we requested a view of the lake. He answers my mother in a rude, arrogant, tone, "I have over 700 hundred guests to seat tonight. The table we sat you in, is the only one available". I was pissed. Don't talk to my mother that way and frankly I don't give a damn how many people you have to seat. An hour and a half latter, only half the tables on the patio were filled. The restaurant was pretty empty but then again, it was early. We left at around 8:30pm. The servers were nice and accommodating for the most part.The food was good but not spectacular like I remembered (been dining here for the past 4 years) and the mac and cheese was a little rich. They use to have crab meat or lobster and instead they had gross chunks of bacon (not crispy bacon either).When you pay top dollar, (SW is super pricey) you should be treated nicely and the food should always be amazing.
4	The Dry aged bone in New York steak was one of the best steaks we have ever eaten.  The foi gras was also amazing.  The reason we didn't give 5 stars is because they forgot my soft shell crab appetizer but it was a very busy night on a Saturday. Having the place open to see the waterfall was nice but the show was cheesy with the Senor Frog showing up on top of the waterfall.
5	Best steak dinner I ever had. A must to visit at the Wynn.
4	This is a wonderful restaurant, although very touristy and busy, busy, busy. The food is delicious. I had a fillet that was heavenly. Make sure you get a seat facing the waterfall. It's fun to watch as it "performs" for you about ever ten or fifteen minutes, with a new song and video show (or in the case of the Garth Brooks song, puppet show). My one word of caution is look at the wine menu before ordering a glass. We blindly just asked for a cab and found ourselves enjoying a $30 glass (not unreasonable, no, but not what we were expecting either).
1	What a terrible customer service for such a pricey restaurant. Can't believe this place is even a fine dining restaurant.I came here for my birthday celebration with my family during our stay at Wynn. I have made a reservation in one week advance to make sure we get a table outside in the patio with good view of the lake. Of course they did told us that it wasn't a guarantee, but I expected them to try their best to accommodate to our special request as close as possible. That's how it has always been with my other experiences at other fine dining places. I have gone to a lot of top notch restaurant and honestly this place is far off from a fine dining experience.First off, when we arrived, we were greeted by a hostess and she led us to our table... my family was dumbfounded at the table they gave us even though we called in for reservations with special request. They placed us at a table with a view that is not even close to our request, our view was blocked from a gigantic wall column and to make it worst the table was facing the kitchen and the restroom. I mean seriously? We made a reservation and this is the best service you could do? We then discussed about the option of switching to another table, but the hostess said their patio is closed because of the chance of rain. Well, I  don't know what kind of excuse is that when other restaurants at Wynn with a patio sitting option are all sitting their guests in the patio that same night. But alright, we tried to compromise so we asked them to sit us at a table with at least a good view if they can't sit us in the patio but the hostess keep giving excuses after another. She said we have to make a reservation in order to have those privileges, I told her we did. Then she said it has to be a week in advance, this time I got really angry because I can see her just simply lying to us but I still told her politely that we did made a reservation in one week in advance... what's next? She continues saying it has to be a month to be a guarantee... uhm... are you even ashamed? It was so obvious she was lying.Next, she walked us up to the manager and obviously we also hear  the same excuses from him and what not. When we nicely complained to him how disappointed we were, he didn't even gave us an ounce of respect. He just told us off, "if you want to leave, then leave." WOW unbelievable! Excuse me, who do you think you are to act so arrogant? Besides your restaurant, there are plenty of places I could of gone to. In contrary, you should of been thankful that we chose you. After realizing how rude and unprofessional their services were, my family choose to walk away and try Lakeside Restaurant, which is right across from this place. Fortunately for us, Lakeside saved our night with a top notch customer service. Every dollar I spent at Lakeside was worth it. Even though they couldn't perfectly accommodate to our request because we walked in without a reservation and requested a patio table, they tried their best to sit us at a good view table after they learned that it was my birthday. Although it was a one hour wait, it was worth it.Advice for SW Steakhouse, you better step up your game. Train your employees better and hire a more professional general manager. You better live up to the fine dining class. I felt that your employees were pretty racist after learning that we are asian.I'm glad I didn't spend a penny here. I will never come back here or recommend this place for anyone.
5	Hands down one of the best meals I have had all year! The kale salad and filet oscar style were simply amazing, the asparagus was not my fav but otherwise what an amazing dish. You pretty much cannot go wrong with any of the sides. If on the rare chance you have room left over, the funnel cake dessert should not be missed. At the end of the meal it took quite a while for the server to deliver the check, this happened at 3 separate restaurants during my stay in Vegas so I've accepted it as a Vegas thing. If you don't mind spending $$$$ on din or are fortunate to be here on business (like I was) then I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.
5	Wonderful!Great atmosphere (sit outside if you can), wonderful service, delicious food. Since I had steak the night prior, I opted for the scallops and they were incredible... buttery and melty with a fantastic risotto. My friend had the salmon... she might as well have licked her plate afterwards. The steak tartar was soooo good and the kale salad was perfect. Although I am not vegan, I would strongly encourage you to try the vegan cheesecake as it is unreal!This ranks as one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas. You won't go wrong here.
5	We went there on July 27th my daughters birthday. As it was raining and the outside shut down there was a bit of a wait but being the fine place that it is they made all our drinks while waiting on the house.The food is to die for and with our group of 7 there where many appetizers to sample and the crab legs where to melt in your mouth.The dinner was well worth it even if it's high $$$$ . But do not regret  dinning here at all and we left  a $275 tip as the service and food is that good.
1	Hostess lied! Epic FAIL SW!I had made a reservation couple months prior for my seventh year anniversary for my husband and I. So, when I had called to reconfirm, I did mention that we had arranged an outdoor seating by the railing to watch the little shows that go on every half hour on the water. Yeah, no! Once we walked in... I told the hostess my name (which she found in the system easily, since we were staying in the Encore to begin with). Next, right when she took us towards the outside seating area, she turned right back in and pointed us to a seat looking towards a wall located INSIDE the restaurant! WHAT?!?! I was pretty mad at this moment and said these are not the seats I had requested months prior when I called and reserved. She kept saying, others had misplaced that info from the system and that she wasn't sure about what I was referring to. So, I asked to speak to the manager... she looked at me and had a laughing smirk on her face while she went back to the front desk. As I got up to look to see if she was going to change our seats to an outdoor seating (which by the way was empty!) (supposedly reserved!!!) saw her point at my table where she sat us and started laughing with the manager. She then came by my table and said, "I'm sorry, I have people that have booked in advance of 1 year, which are scheduled for tonight). Then she started laughing with a bitter smirk on her face again. At that moment, I just got up and walked out as my husband was shocked that what horrible service this was.Yes, we have ate here before and I must tell you... The view from next to the railing is beautiful, yet the food is very close comparable to BJ's steaks. Lol! Cheap and heavy as they would say. HORRIBLE SERVICE and incredibly rude/non-professional management.I DO NOT recommend anyone to waist their money here. There are better tasting food locations very close by, for a hint a really nice one in the Shops at the CRYSTALS! "Ends with the word Ocean Club."Rating: F- (1 STAR)
2	The bad: 20% of our dinners were not prepared correctly, then had to wait for a third try before they came out in mediocre state, had much higher expectations for a steakhouse. The other dinners were 5-star quality.Service was also 5-star until the main courses arrived, then they all disappeared not too be seen at the table for way too long.
2	Good Food + HORRIBLE Front DeskFood - We had the porterhouse and it was cooked with perfection- Oysters were very fresh and it was the perfect appetizer that night- DO NOT get the fried okra - not good at all - Gnocchi was average and nothing special - Crab cakes was great, but was not memorable Customer ServiceNow the fun stuff. I'm going to say it now, but servers and our wait staff were great! Water was filled continuously, checked up on us several times, and they were smiling unlike the front desk. The front desk to me sets the mood for the rest of the night. If they are rude, you'll likely have a flawed experience. This was the case for us. Now to some bulleted points. - Arrived a few minutes late but called 30 minutes in advance to let them know- Also let them know it was a bday dinner for my husband (we'll get to that later) and planned an outside table in advance - Got there and we had to wait nearly 30-35 minutes regardless of our reservations- Many people waiting looked very upset and at least 10 people that I could recall were deeply angered (some actually left and voiced their opinion before leaving) - We were polite and asked of the wait time, but received a snappy remark from what appears to be the GM- Front desk ladies were all stoic and did not smile much - very rude and unwelcoming with their sharp answers- GM to the front desk did not even acknowledge your presence (could have easily stated "we're very busy and running behind tonight so we do apologize for any of the inconveniences. as you wait, please have some complimentary bread or drinks for the inconvenience." - DONE!)- It was hard hearing how the GM was talking to some of the other patrons - The GM clearly changed his tune when people came in that he knew - we get Vegas is about who you know and if you are affluent, it pays - However, don't be rude to the other guests that are collectively made of doctors to business owners as well - money spent is still money spent regardless of who it is coming from- It was my husband's birthday and at the end of the dinner, although we were stuffed, we got two chocolate pieces with a candle on it. Really? No cake even though we would not eaten it? We ordered a bottle of wine and spent over $300. No $5 cake? It's the principle honestly We didn't get the outside seating of course and the front desk experience really got to us. Instead of saying how great the food was, we remembered how horrid and absent the customer service was in the front. The Asian lady just did not look like she wanted to be there that night and it showed. To Management and Steve Wynn - maybe you could improve the operations and have people smile. We come frequently, however, there are patrons that save a lot of money and make this a special occasion. It was hard to stomach watching nice people just walking away when the GM was very snappy and the front desk looked unapproachable. This was my favorite steak restaurant that I HAD to go on each visit, but now, it appears that the customer service up front has ruined what the servers worked hard to achieve. Management should ask the employees on what makes exceptional customer service. Just my two cents.
5	I would give it six stars if it was an option.My wife and I went a few nights ago to celebrate our anniversary. I requested a table with a good view of the lake and they made sure we were right in front with an excellent view.The front desk attendant was a little dry, but out waiter and good runners were awesome!The food was excellent... My ribeye was delicious and my wife's filet was more pink that she normally orders but she and I both loved it (literally melts in your mouth it's so good).We also shared a Cesar salad which was tasty (but not necessarily incredible), potatoes au gratin which were amazing, a half order of black truffle creamed corn, asparagus, and Mac and cheese which were also all excellent. We wanted to sample a number of sides so out waiter recommended that we do half orders instead of full which was a great suggestion and not something advertised on the menu as an option. Even the half portions were really large.I also really liked some of the small touches that made the whole experience special... The assorted breads and salted butter were great, the after dinner chocolate mints, the tasty beer selections and drink options, and of course the beauty of the lake and the randomness of the shows every half hour.We have decided that we will be back every time we decide to visit Vegas. Thanks SW for a great dinner!
4	SW Steakhouse was fantastic  but  we did have one issue . We had to wait over 35 minutes to be seated after our reservation of 730. And had to talk to the hostess twice about our table. But after we where seated that food made up for that wait. Waiting for over 30 minutes for our table that's why I gave them four stars. Will be back those crab legs best I ever ate.
5	Great views and great food.  I will return.
5	I ate dinner here tonight and it was perfect.  I tend to judge a steakhouse on its ability to cook a ribeye (bone-in or otherwise) and SW didn't disappoint.  Like other high end steakhouses you order sides a la carte which tend to push up the bill price.  Prepare to spend about $100 / plate (depending on alcohol consumption of course), but rest assured your money is well spent.All in all definitely a memorable meal.  I can easily file this one away with the top 1% meals of my life.
5	What a great dinner experience .  First we we able to get the seating we requested out on patio.  It was ideal.  Then our server Lea was awesome.  She answered all our questions and gave us suggestions.  The food was excellent, service outstanding,  I can't wait to tell my friends.   Great night out.  Oh and the wine list is to die for.
5	Only reason we came here was because of the Kobe beef! It was so delicate and it melted in my mouth. The corn side is  a must absolutely delicious. Such a great restaurant with an amazing view of the waterfall and the show.
1	First Steak House I have ever eaten in while staying in Las Vegas.  I had been a vegetarian almost my whole life and within the last year have started eating meat I had my first steak at Morton's in Costa Mesa and have never looked back.  Getting a reservation was fairly easy as I was already staying at the Wynn.  The restaurant is completely empty yet outside seating is reserved no one ever arrives to sit out there during my whole meal.  The steak came out cold i wanted medium rare but not cold.  The attitude the waiter displayed was very unprofessional if you don't want complaints don't serve me a cold $70 dollar filet.  I was trying to get a nice buzz going on if someone would have came back to my table more than twice i could have have drank more than one $25 dollar martini.  Going back to the Wynn this week for my brothers bday but we'll be finding another Steakhouse inside another hotel I'm sure I can find one where the service matches the price and ambience.
1	Heart in Vegas?My mom turned 60 years old last year and SW Steakhouse didn't care one bit.  Even tho I booked my mom at their hotel, there was no love towards us.  I spent over $100,000 easily at the Wynn/Encore and I can't request patio dining for my Mom on her 60th birthday?!?!?   There is something very wrong with this picture.....   I was even willing to accommodate any of the 4 days my mom was staying at Encore for her 60th bday, but even that wasn't good enough for the ruthless managers at SW.I had other family members there visiting Vegas, which would of easily made my bill about $2k+ for dinner.It's very sad when you try to do a good thing for your Mom, and their is some control freak blocking you from entertaining your family.  Go somewhere else...Johnathan
5	Best bone in rib-eye steak I have ever had! I came here with my besties to have a girls' trip to Vegas, we we're celebrating our friendship. The restaurant was very accomodating with the increase in our reservation from five to seven people. We got to sit on the outside terrace by the waterfall where there was an entertaining show every thirty minutes, each show was different. Attire was business dressy with optional jacket for the men. The ladies were in cocktail dresses. This place was packed within thirty minutes of opening. Good thing we had reservations! The drinks were good. We had sweet lychee martinis and two bottles of Veuve Clicquot Rose. Our waiter was very attentive and so sweet, he took multiple pictures for our group, even suggesting fun poses. He had excellent recommendations for wine pairings. Food The bread basket, ohhh emmmm geeee! The bacon cheddar muffin was so yummy. I gobbled down two of those, I couldn't help it. But I later regretted it when I was too full to finish my meal. There were also French croissants and pretzel bread too. But the bacon muffins were the best. Foie grasAs a Californian, I must say I have missed eating this back home. Very rich and flavorful.Bone in rib-eye steakThis was a good piece of steak, prepared medium-rare. Each bite essentially melted in my mouth n was very flavorful. Lobster gnocchi with black truffleI still dream of this dish. The most decadent "mac n cheese" style dish I have ever had. There were actual shaved truffles n big chunks of lobster. I would've been happy just to simply eat this as my main entree for the rest of my life. It's so rich n extremely cheesy.Ambiance is great, good spot to be seen before heading out for the night.
3	The food was very good, but the service was bad.  They were very busy and everyone seemed rushed with little time for level of attentiveness (and drink refills) you expect from a restaurant of this caliber.  Twice we heard our waitress discuss with another staff member how busy things were.  Either hire more staff or seat fewer people.  I left feeling that the package didn't justify the charge.  Also, it was unusually loud.
2	Ate here on the company's dime, and still couldn't find a way to give it more stars.  5 of us walk in from a company event at Tao beach --- 2 in our party have shorts on and were not allowed in.  Get over yourselves, SW.  Understand the desire to keep riff raff out... But it's vegas and yokels aren't gonna drop $200+ per person.  Service was painfully slow --- was asked 3 times for drinks ... We had questions for the sommelier and they all said they would get him (looked really uncoordinated).Wine (silver oak), Steaks, salad, and apps (foie) were solid.  Eat at a lot of steakhouses ... Had a better bone in ribeye at Emerils Delmonico the day before.Post dinner we wanted a particular bourbon from a bar in the Wynn that we went to prior  --- one server said he would get it.  Guy comes back and says it doesn't exist anywhere in the casino.  Said he checked everywhere and even made calls to try to locate it.  A buddy walks out, gets the bourbon, takes a pic of the bottle, and shows it to the server ...who then shot out a bunch of lame excuses about how he couldn't find it.You can easily do better in Vegas.
5	The truffle corn!  This is my personal steakhouse, though there are many to choose from in Vegas.  You can also get genuine (non-poser) Kobe steak for $42 an ounce (last I remember).  I haven't had a bad experience here yet.
2	Multiple reviews i read on Yelp, call this place the best Steakhouse in Vegas, curiously I tried it with my forever love at my side. We were staying at the Wynn anyway so I made the reservation. I can say with certainty that we have both had better. The setting is nice, service was as-close-to-correct (being Vegas), wine selection was excellent, the food: good but I really expected great. I had a ribeye which was cooked perfectly but just lacked deep "high end-steak" flavor, even though it had slightly too much fat which should have helped.I tried to "fix it" with SW's own version of A1 sauce but it did not work.My love had the Sea Bass which she also described as "just not memorable". The highlight of the meal (besides the company) was a perfectly made Mojito and the selection of table breads (but I had to ask for it). I enjoyed the Au Gratin potatoes as well but the other 2 sides we ordered ...not so much.Maybe its me, but i feel that for $250 for 2 people the steak should be the star, and that evening at SW it wasn't shining brightly.Would I go back, simply no, there are way better steaks in town (Craftsteak being one).I read in a guest room propaganda magazine that Steve Wynn is a vegan...hmmm??.
5	Amazing experience ! We ate outside with a view of the lake of dreams . The food was perfect ! Great flavor , hot, unique sides and deserts. Service was first rate IIn every regard . Well done !
2	For the amount of money we paid for this $800 for 5 people, I rate it a 2 stars. 1. Service was quite slow, we had to wait a long time to get serviced, I had to ask for a water refill. For a place with this type of reputation, my standards are at a different level if I were dining at Applebee's. 2. Food - the lobster ($70) was overcooked and over buttered. The butter taste was overwhelming and the meat tasted tough The ribeye wasn't seasoned well, a bit bland and also overwhelming butter taste. Stake tar tar was mediocre. Nothing to write home about. Overall - good Decor, but overall does not live up to the Steve Wynn reputation.
1	We ate here on 9/21 our 1 year anniversary + honeymoon trip in one. I called a week prior to make outside table reservations and was told it would be no problem to accommodate us, especially being our anniversary. When we arrived I noticed several available seats on the patio as well as the inside of the restaurant was virtually vacant. The hostess proceeded to take us to the farthest back corner of the restaurant (inside). I asked her very politely about an outside table or at least one closer so we could have a nice view. She said (somewhat rudely) they were all booked. We were dressed very nice, we were polite, we had a glass of wine in the bar before, so not sure what the issue is unless the hostess need to be slipped $$ to get a nice table! After sitting for about 45min in our private back corner, we were told they would have a table opening up closer if we wanted to move. The whole restaurant still seemed pretty open to me, but okay, we moved. After getting seated at our new table 2 waiters as well as the hostess made sure to come by our table and "comment" that we had moved. Again the hostess was snotty about it. Made us feel uncomfortable. The service was slow especially since the place was empty. Staff just standing around. We ordered salmon and chicken. Salmon was WAY under cooked, chicken was very tender but had little to no flavor. We also ordered mashed potatoes, and the waitress offered us garlic mashed, we said yes. Once they came we quickly realized the garlic had not been cooked, it was mixed in raw and they were large chunks! It was instant dragon breath and we love garlic!For $15/glass of wine, I would expect better. I had the pinot grigio. Maybe thats just because I live in wine country. The bread basket should get 5 stars! They bacon cheese and pretzel breads were amazing! All in all I wish we would have chosen the Eiffel Tower restaurant or the Billagio overlooking the fountains. Very disappointing memories made at SW Steakhouse.
5	I've been going here now for several years. Every trip to Vegas has to consist of a trip to SW steakhouse. From their bread and butter to their salads and steak to dessert. Everything there is superb. The service, the ambiance, the water show....by far one of my go to and favorite places. Never had a bad meal. Great selection of wines and side dishes. Cuts are cooked to perfection. Desserts....oh desserts, we've had almost every including specials and have never been disappointed. Good for a nice dinner date, a group gathering or special occasion. Outside seating on a beautiful Las Vegas night is the best!
5	This is hands down our favorite restaurant in Vegas (hubby and me). I am surprised by the reviews which say that this restaurant isn't accommodating. I have been here at least half a dozen times and they have always been amazing. In fact, I have had 2 amazing experiences. Last time we made a reservation at a different Wynn restaurant for a special occasion and specifically asked to be seated by the lake. We arrived to a half empty place and were told not only to wait but that we would need to sit outside (and told in a super rude and snotty way) so we left and went to SW. Not only did they give a table after a short wait (without reservations) but they were super nice. This trip (was at SW on 10/03) we decided at last minute, to join our family that was visiting from out of the country in Vegas. Husband called about a week out to make reservations for 11 people. We didn't think it would happen on such short notice for such a big party. And in fact when my husband called during the day they couldn't make it happen. But the nice lady he spoke to recommended he call back in the evening when the restaurant is open and speak directly to the manager on staff. That did the trick :). I have always enjoyed the service here. I am sure it is not easy to give good service to large parties, with 11 of us we were all asking for different things. 2 of us are gluten free and they gave us gluten free bread! That in and of itself made us pretty happy. If you have food issues you know how difficult eating out can be. Also all the waiters/staff are nice and seemed attentive. One thing that I am sure no one can deny is that this place is beautifully decorated and the ambiance is nice. It is lakeside (on Wynn's man made little lake) and that already makes it nice but the show they have is a nice added touch. It is a little bit over the top (light show, music, waterfall, etc) but this is Vegas after all!Mostly importantly, the food: it's great. My husband is very much a steak guy and this is one of his favorite steak houses (close tie with Mastros in Beverly Hills). I am not the biggest steak lover but the bone-in rib eye, made charred on the outside, medium rare on the inside... omg its amazing. All the chocolate souffle dessert is pretty amazing. If you want a special dinner experience in Vegas I def recommend this place. Though do be prepared to drop some cash. But I guess if its at the Wynn you probably already knew that. :)
4	Only in Las Vegas will you see such a brilliant extravaganza of dining 'theatre'! Yes, the food is what you'd expect a marquee signature restaurant of Steve Wynn's to be....my rib eye steak was very good, crab cakes were exceptional and all our side dishes rose to excellence as well. Service, for our party of 10, was impeccable and perfectly timed. But the kicker is to dine outside and enjoy the performance or spectacle every 30 minutes. Designed to be no intrusion to your dining pleasure as it serves as a colorful, creative 'explanation point' to what would be a cool place anyway.
5	I take my best clients here every time we're in town for the trade show and it never disappoints. Awesome food, great ambience and impeccable service. A must go to for top notch dinners.
2	Too many waiters.  All asking the same question one after the other.  The attempt to have great customer care became a real annoyance.At the end of the meal when asked if we wanted coffee by waiter #2 and we had already order coffee from waiter #1 I barked back and stated we just ordered it 30 seconds early.  Seems like a small deal but when asked "do you want more bread" and then "do you want more bread," followed by "do you want more water," then "do you want more water" and so on...it made the meal rushed and choppy. We have not been to SW in years.  It was  always a great experience.  I am not sure what we were expecting but after the endless video loops playing everywhere at the Wynn about the restaurants, including SW, we expected the same great experience as we had enjoyed historically.  The food was no different than any other high end steak house.  Much of the decor appeared dated.  The waterfall show was unchanged, tired and dingy.  We will not go back.
3	Friday (9/12/14), right before the dinner rush:Having heard a lot of good things about SW, I was very excited to try it.  When we arrived at 6:00 pm, we were promptly seated and the place filled up quickly soon afterwards. The inside is modern with one wall opening up onto a patio for outside dining. Drinks: We started with a Boulevardier ($16) and a Negroni ($12). Both cocktails were well-made, strong and served straight up. A little pricy but I appreciated not having the drinks slowly diluted with a large amount of melting ice.Appetizers and bread: The bread basket consisted of two French rolls, two pretzel rolls and two bacon rolls. I have heard people rave about the bacon rolls and they were savory but also very oily and heavy; not exactly what I wanted to fill up on right before a heavy steak dinner.  We ordered 3 Kusshi and 3 Rappahannock oysters which came in the standard ice tray with sides of mignonette and cocktail sauce ($21).  The oysters tasted fresh when we ate them. The burrata and tomato appetizer consisted of two thick large round slices of tomato with a much too small dollop of burrata cheese on top of each slice ($21). The cheese was good but the proportion of burrata to tomato was way off (perhaps they were running out of cheese and were trying to stretch what they had left?). We also got a crab cake ($24). The crab cake was a deep fried hockey puck shaped disk of crab meat. The meat deep inside tasted ok but the outside fried homogeneous crust was unappealing and overcooked.Dinner: We ordered a medium rare bone-in NY strip steak ($68) and a medium bone-in ribeye ($60). Both steaks were cooked to the right degree but were bland tasting. Each plate comes with a small ramekin of Wagu flavored garlic butter which provided an interesting taste when spread over the meat. The SW house steak sauce was far too sweet for my taste so I ended up asking for some A1 just to get some additional flavor for the bland meat. The side dish of cream corn was unusual ($14). It was more like highly ground corn meal mixed with cream and had the texture of grits. There was a definite corn flavor although no recognizable pieces of corn remained. It would probably be a popular dish at a nursing home for people who can no longer chew their food. We also ordered grilled asparagus which was crunchy and perfectly charred ($16).Dessert: We ordered the key lime square ($14). Served as a square, the crust was mixed with rice krispies which tended to clump together and stick to your teeth when you chewed, much like a rice krispies treat. I understand the pastry chef wanting to show what they could do but this was just unpleasant. Perhaps trying to make a good tasting pie would be a good place for them to start before attempting to be 'creative'. The service was great and the waiters were very attentive however, at the end of the day, the food was forgettable. The place charges premium prices but only delivers mediocre tasting food. As other people have already noted, there are much better high end steak houses on the strip with fantastic food and service for the same prices that you are charged at SW. Why not go elsewhere?
5	In Vegas celebrating a buddy's birthday. 9 guys and all good. Sat outside and enjoyed the scene. Food was on point. I came for the steak but had the scallops. Solid choice. Absolutely great. 4 guys split the double cutbrib eye with chili rub. Also great. Sharing was a good idea as it would have been too much food for 2 and we are not lite eaters. Yes it is expens oh very but people who rate a restaurant  low because of the price suck. It is what it is and you generally know what youbare getting before you arrive. Two resounding thumbs up for SW!
4	This place never disappoints. I have been here 3 times now and my food is always out of control good. This time the staff was not very friendly and it took over a hour to get our food. I get it its a hot restaurant and my party were not the only diners there.However, the show on the lake that takes place every 20 minutes is really cool to watch.  Pricing is in line with every nice steakhouse in Chicago. 125/ person at least if you are boozing.I will keep going back.
4	After hearing a lot of good things about SW, I was very excited to try it.  When we arrived at 6:00 pm, we were promptly seated by the most beautiful African American Hostess in the world. She was unbelievably attractive, polished and professional looking. I'm talking modelesque here people. If you go here you'll immediately know who I'm taking about. Anyway, make reservations as the restaurant fills up quickly.We sat outside on a perfect Vegas night. It was probably in the high 60's. The patio was heated but the heaters weren't on and they weren't needed that night. The tables outside are the best seats in the restaurant. The tables are lake front and the show on the lake that takes place every 20 minutes was really cool to watch. My friends have raved about the bread here. The bread basket consisted of French rolls, pretzel rolls and two bacon rolls. Although the bacon rolls were savory they were also dense and filling. I actually preferred the pretzel rolls. The wedge salad was the best wedge salad I've ever had. It is great to split between two people, and comes with an insanely thick slice of bacon. You can't go wrong with any of the steaks, but I went with the 12 oz filet. It was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. I would compare it to Fleming's quality not Mastro's or Cut. The kobe butter they bring out on the side it's rich and delicious. I actually preferred it over the 3 sauces; bearnaise, steak, and jalapeno passion fruit sauces that were also brought out with the steaks. However, you don't really need them as they just mask the flavor of the steak.  The service was great and the waiters were very attentive. This wasn't the best steakhouse I've ever been to, but I'm glad I experienced SW.
4	Food was good, service was great but the show outside on the water is what makes this place special. Had the ribeye which was good but not the best I've had. I'd say in the top 10 but not near the top. The wine list is my biggest complaint. It seemed that the selection was mostly overpriced wines. Noting special or unique about it. I saw maybe 10 or so red wines under $200 out of the 500 or so they carry. The show out in the patio is the best part. I'd say if you can't be seated outside, it wouldn't be worth it to eat here.
5	i ate here on 10-25-14 around 6 pm.  i made reservations for 1 only a couple hours before.when i arrived i was wearing a suit due to a previous business meeting.  as i was being seated i was slightly overdressed compared to other guests.  lol.  the service was impressive.  i'm not sure if i had great service because i ate early in the evening.  but i had 4 different staff meet my needs.holy ambiance batman!  the interior of the restaurant was pretty dang nice!  not sure how one is able to sit outside.  i didn't bother and took a table inside the restaurant facing the water/light show.the bread basket was freaking amazing!  best free bread i've ever had!  my caesar salad was good.  my taste buds do say the salad was a little over priced.  for dinner i ordered a 20 ounce bone-in ribeye and a side of mac & cheese.  The ribeye was great.  It was no different than any other $60 prime ribeye.  the steak was not caked in butter and seasoning.  it was quite tender and had good marbling and very juicy.  the mac & cheese was a huge portion and very good.  for dessert i have no idea what i ordered but it tasted good.dinner for 1 adult before tip was $115.  i would definitely go back!!
4	Try to sit outside next to the waterfall/pond thing they have, as there are a handful of water shows that happen about every 15 minutes.  None of the shows are that great, but it breaks up the meal, it's a great setting, and the meal was amazing.  I took my (now) wife there for her birthday, and I arranged for their pastry chef to make a cake for her.  Apparently, their pastry chef won some national cake-making competition.  The one she made for us looked like a present with a bow on it!  Pretty amazing stuff.  Steaks and the service were very good, but the outdoor setting is what sets this apart.
5	My fella said he wanted a really good steak for his birthday dinner. What my fella wants, my fella gets. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.Service was superb and so was the food. We started with the half order of the cold seafood platter and I loved everything served. The crab salad was particularly addictive. One thing my fella and I couldn't agree on was what appetizers we wanted to try, but have no fear, they offer half orders of all of these so we were able to try everything our heart's desired. My favorite was the creamed corn. I actually wish I had a full order of this side all to myself. It was rich and creamy and so delicious. For our main course, I ordered the bone-in New York and my fella ordered the Bone-in ribeye. Mine was good, but I only ordered it since the birthday boy picked the ribeye that I usually choose and I don't like to order two of the same thing. The ribeye was the star of the show. Perfectly cooked and melt in your mouth delicious. We tried to save room for dessert, but no luck. We were stuffed. Everything was superb, I only wish the waterfall wasn't so loud. It's a nice view, but ever so loud and distracting. My ears were ringing by the end of the meal.
5	I would say it's the most elegant restaurant I have been until now. The food and the serving is over the top. That's a must go to. Priceless experience. Fan of soup and flavorful food. King crab soup and the lamb was delicious. I know it's a steak house but I prefer something diff and they nailed it. The Champagne cocktail is phenomenal. Will be back soon.
1	Went there last weekend with 7 friends. Aside from occasional solo trips, we do a yearly buddy LV trip and try to experience new places every time. This trip we decided on the SW at the Wynn, where we were staying. In case you are short on time, let me start with the conclusion: You get much better meat and service at other places in Vegas (STK or Gordon Ramsay's place) and at better or same prices. Skip it. In detail: we booked a week before, which granted is not a lot of time, so we thought ourselves lucky to get a table. When we arrived with the host they asked us to wait and see if they could sit us in the terrace (nice views of the fountain). After 30 minutes they said they could not so they sat us behind a big column with no views. No big deal since they do not guarantee terrace tables, but kind of annoying to have us wait for nothing. When we sat down the real SW experience began. 8 thirsty and hungry guys sit at your restaurant. What do you do? How about ignore them for the first 15 minutes. Nothing. No wait staff. No 'welcome to our place'. No 'what would you like to drink'. I felt like at a cheap chain where they keep cutting staff to try to stay alive. I finally got up to find a waiter. I had to do this 3 times during the meal. Our glasses were never refilled. they would not clear our dinner plates until we went and told them to do it and getting them to offer us coffee and dessert was like pulling teeth. We consumed a hefty amount, with the bill well over $1,000, yet they treated us like if the cat had dragged us in the back door. Sometimes you are willing to take really bad service in exchange for a a great meal. This was not one of those times. The meat was a definite blah. Nothing special. The sides were also just ok. Really nothing memorable. At one point I got up and spoke to a bald guy that said he was 'one of the managers'. he listened to me, went back to the kitchen and...never came back! it was hilarious. He just disappeared and the service did not improve. When we left we did not even get a 'thank you for coming' from the hosts at the front. Note that we were neither drunk nor obnoxious. Just wanted to have a good dinner. From what I hear Mr. Wynn cares about his guests having a good time. It is too bad that the staff at his namesake restaurant at his namesake hotel do not have the same attitude. Not going back. Btw, speaking of obnoxious, the wine list here was very much so. very few wines under $100 and most over $200-$300. And it was not that the quality was so great, just the prices are hyperinflated, I guess to match the bad service. I think this place survives on one-time suckers (like us) that go for the name and the place, but I cannot see many patrons returning. Many much better options around.
5	What a fabulous dinner. The waiters were fantastic and attentive. The shows on the water were entertaining. When I booked our reservation, month in advance, I had indicated it was a special occasion for my boyfriends birthday and our anniversary. I also asked for a table next to the lake. The restaurant was able to accommodate this and wished my boyfriend a happy birthday and us a happy anniversary. The food was the best meal I've had and my boyfriend stated that the steak was cooked to perfection and had never had such a superb meal as we had. Then our waiter surprised us with complimentary chocolates on beautifully decorated plates. I'm a partial vegetarian and I was pleased with the selections available. I'd recommend anyone this restaurant. You won't regret it.
5	$$$$!As good of a steak you can find without going into the astronomical price ranges - at 62 dollars for a bone-in ribeye, you definitely get an amazing slab of meat. And the bone here is not really an issue. The marbling, texture, and flavor are all top notch. There's a reason why this place is brutally busy on weekend nights!The meal opens up with a nice little bread basket featuring bacon and cheese bread, pretzel bread, and a standard french baguette. It's served with delicious sea salted butter that's too good to not slather all over the bread. Both the bacon and cheese bread and pretzel bread are very tasty and the pretzel bread is notable for its texture. As for appetizers, the ones we got are very good but didn't blow my mind. The chopped salad was refreshing but nothing outstanding. Same for the side dishes - I think the creamed spinach was my favorite. Neither the french fries, corn, nor mac and cheese were worth writing home about. I might recommend scalloped potatoes first and foremost.But really you're coming here for the steak. And it's a really damn good one.On a second visit here, I was able to try the cheese crusted colorado lamb chops - the lamb itself was absolutely top notch, but I felt there was a little too much emphasis on the cheese crust and not enough on seasoning the meat itself. Therefore, bites without cheese crust were a little bland. Still, I chalked that to a bit of preference as well.We also got desserts our last time. I'd definitely reconsider the pavlova - I didn't like the textures so much, but it was a unique and well crafted dessert that contrasted with the creme brulee's and brownies with ice cream.The restaurant itself is huge - people are quickly moving across the restaurant making it a bit of a bustle. One noticeable feature is the large waterfall and pool on one side of the restaurant. The first night we sat outside and had a great view - but the entertainment itself is really strange and eclectic and is in someways a distraction rather than a pleasing display. A singing frog, blue and red sex balls (they moan and have a baby), and freaky faces fail to add to the atmosphere. I get that it's "art" but bleh.Another note worth pointing is out is service was generally good, if not a tad slow at times due to the busy nature of the restaurant. Still, they were very good about refilling drinks and recognizing when we were done with our food. Best of all, they were more than willing to take pictures for us in front of the water with nary a hint of disdain! :-D
1	This will be my first post! I was so upset about the evening I took the time to create an account and share with people my terrible experience! I made reservations today for my parents visiting and I to sit outside at SW.  I requested to sit outside in the reservation and that was the sole reason I brought my parents.  If I wanted a regular white linen steakhouse experience I could have brought them somewhere more lively or tourist friendly.  We arrived on time and was told by the host we could not sit outside because our reservation was short notice.  I asked how long it would be to wait and he said unknown but we will sit you near a window.  I was not happy with that answer but being on a time crunch (had to catch a show) I had no choice.  They sat us in the middle of the room, in perfect view to see 5 tables eating outside with probably 15 open to be sat.  I asked again if we could move outside after seeing other people were and was told no.  I spoke about the terrace to my parents in great length and that was the main reason I wanted them to dine there! I was so let down and embarrassed my parents thought it was very odd too.  The respectable thing to do if you are going to blatantly ruin our evening is to explain why other people can sit outside and we can't with 15 open tables and a reservation!!! The whole evening was a disappointment staring outside at people enjoying themselves.  We still ordered and kept our reservation but could not be more upset with the lack or customer service they showed.  I will never go back and have never been treated like this at any high-end establishment!  Best of luck!Regards,Angela B
4	We had a very nice seat next to the video show. I could just eat their bread basket with the black salt butter! wow, my appetizer was to die for. (seared steak tartar, she enjoyed her Caesar salad. She loves Caesar salads that is.my only concern was the long wait for our food and the pureed creamed corn and the mac n cheese which was not to be expected. but I am a picky eater too. a tad pricy but to be expected in a hotel of that caliber.  I love the pioneer Mr. Wynn and would return for another experience.
3	For the price the SW does not meet expectations.  The service is excellent and the ambiance is beautiful.  The lighted waterfall with accompanying music makes for a lovely visual, but when the rib eye is $62 the meat needs to be as good as the view.  It wasn't.  The rib eye was average.  The scallops were good, but they were served on a bed of bland rice.  Perhaps this is a personal preference, but I like the kernels in my creamed corn to be nearly whole so that there is a bit of crunch and pop in each bite.  The SW's creamed corn is cut so fine it may as well have already been chewed.On the bright side, the wedge salad was good and came with a delightful side of bacon. The SW is a nice evening out if you don't mind the price and have average expectations for the food.  It is form over substance.
5	What a beautiful place! From the setting to the food and service, it was done perfectly. We had it ALL and we will be back, most definitely.We had such a pleasant evening (inside because you can't get outside seating unless you book it weeks in advance... We didn't know, but we will try that next time)Definitely go for the bleu cheese wedge, there is something about that bacon that is unreal and if you like lychee, that lychee martini is  see you soon, SW Steak!
4	Great steakhouse at the Wynn! I went to Vegas with my family for Thanksgiving weekend and we ate dinner here on Friday. The only reservation that was available online a week before was at 9:30pm for 4. However, I called at 8:30pm the day of to ask if we could come early and they said yes! We had to wait about 10 minutes when we got there and there were some nice couches by the bar. They originally wanted to seat us inside but luckily, there was a table available on the patio! There is a really nice fountain overlooking the patio and a bunch of heat lamps so you don't have to worry about the cold. We started with a bottle of wine and the chilled seafood tower. It was delicious and came with shrimp, king crab legs, lobster, oyster, and a cole slaw ceviche. Great to share for the table! We then each ordered a steak: New York, Filet, Rib Eye, and they even have a grass fed one with very little calories for health freaks! Sides cost additional and we got asparagus, mushrooms, and mac & cheese for the table. Everything tasted great but the one complaint is that the outside of the steak was pretty charred, while some parts of the inside were RARE when we ordered medium rare. Maybe that's just their style? The fountain plays a different light/music show every 15-20 minutes or so. The waitress said there's about 15 different ones they rotate through. The service was great and everyone was always checking up on us. They had brought us the baby tabasco bottles for the oysters and my brother and dad thought it was so adorable, they brought us another 5 to take home! Didn't have room for dessert, but we definitely had a great night here!
2	I was appalled by the lackluster service we received at SW Steakhouse. For one of the Wynn restaurants, I expected much better. First off, we had to wait 10 minutes just to be seated at our table (even with a reservation). Given there was a crowded entryway in the restaurant, I could forgive this if it were not for the service to follow. It took 30 minutes for our drinks to arrive and an hour just to take our orders. It would have taken even longer had I not been tracking the waiter down with my eyes and giving her meaningful looks to come over to our table. Basically, my party of 6 had to wait ~1.5 hours for any food to hit our table.The food itself was great but didn't blow me away compared to other steakhouses. I had the Tuscan Kale salad and the bone-in rib eye. The ambiance was entertaining with the waterfall show and we were seated outside as per my request.Everything but the service met my expectations. But for the price of the food, that kind of service is just inexcusable. I love the Wynn but not this restaurant.
4	Another great steakhouse in Vegas. We came here for a work celebration and I was extremely impressed with the service and food. We had reservations and were seated promptly after we arrived. The bread basket was amazing. It included bacon and cheese muffin looking bread, pretzel bread and small baguettes. It was accompanied by butter topped with Hawaiian sea salt. Great presentation even better execution. You have to try the bacon cheese bread, it was SOOO good! I ordered the New York strip topped with bleu cheese. I ordered it medium rare, it was cooked perfectly. The steak was super flavorful and extremely tender. I highly recommend the New York strip.  The sides were:Au Gratin Potatoes: Very flavorful and rich. My only complaint is the portion size is so small. If you have more than three people sharing, order two. Crisp Potato Rosti w/ chive cream: Skip this one, it was like a giant tater tot. No one at the table was very impressedPoblano & Smoked Bacon Mac n Cheese: This side was really good. Not the best mac n cheese I've ever had but, it was really good. Roasted Jumbo Asparagus: You have to order at least one healthy side, right? Well it was healthy until they bathed the asparagus in butter. Don't get me wrong, they were delicious, but no where near healthy. Dessert: We ordered the funnel cakes. They were displayed beautifully. The funnel cakes themselves where extremely crispy. I like my funnel cake like I like my woman crispy on the outside and warm and delicious on the inside.... wait what? The dipping sauce were great except for the chocolate. I don't know what they put in it, but it was horrible. I'd skip the funnel cakes next time. Service was really good, a couple of times our waitress was M.I.A. but, our drinks were never empty and our empty plates never stayed on our table. All in all, this place is great and we will be coming back. If you are in town, give it a whirl.
5	SW Steakhouse is one of only three restaurants in the U.S. that offer certified authentic Kobe beef. That's why I selected this restaurant as my treat while in Vegas for my sister in law's wedding. To say I was excited to come here is an understatement. I specifically asked to reserve some Kobe. Expectations were at an all time high: could SW Steakhouse possibly deliver?It's located inside the Wynn. They impressed me immediately. I arrived around 5:30 to gamble, so I had two hours to kill before my 7:30 reservation. Spur of the moment, I decided to head over to SW early, and as luck would have it, they were able to accommodate me. Sterling was very personable and asked me where I am from. Taylor brought me to my table and also chatted with me a bit. There is an aura about the customer service that you notice immediately when you are being serviced by a professional, courteous, and accomplished staff. Similar to other fine dining establishments (e.g. Mastro's), there is an unexplainable vibe that I feel when I dine here. I'm treated like a king; sometimes it almost makes me uncomfortable. I'm just a regular dude. I can see how some people would enjoy being pampered. I guess that's part of the appeal. When you're paying ridiculous prices, it comes with the territory. Multiple different porters filled my water glass constantly. My two servers always called me Mr. L. (my last name). This type of service really stands out, and I cannot compliment it enough. Since I began yelping, I rank the service at SW Steakhouse slightly above Mastro's and Houston's. It was purely exquisite, utterly professional, and wonderfully flattering.Amy greeted me, and I went for the jugular right away (I asked about the Kobe). She wasn't sure if they had any. I explained that I came here specifically for the Kobe, and asked if they didn't have it, would another one of their restaurants (Mizumi)? She called upon my other server Mike to field my barrage of questions. At this point I was disappointed and panicking. I thought I was going to experience the mother of all wagyu, only to be let down and not even try it?I think they were fearing that I would leave because I was not getting Kobe. I wasn't thinking of leaving, just trying to collect my thoughts after my hopes and dreams were shattered. Mike answered all of my questions in a polite and genuinely informative manner. He explained that their wagyu is from Steve Wynn's personal cattle in Japan. The marbling score is an 11 out of a possible 12, which is as high as any Kobe beef. (USDA Prime would fall between 5-8 on this scale.) He calmed my nerves and ultimately convinced me to try their A5 grade, marble score 11 wagyu. (Kobe is a specific type of wagyu.)Exclusive outdoor seating showcases a waterfall show with all the colors of the rainbow.This review marks the 2nd time I've hit the 5000 character limit (Gyu Kaku). So here's the rundown.Bread basket - Bacon cheese muffins, pretzel, and classic bread. Great.Complimentary butternut squash soup - Absolutely delicious. Beautiful flavor and perfectly hot temperature.Hudson Valley foie gras - Now outlawed in California, a must-try. Superb. Rich, fatty, savory, luscious, magnificent.Black truffle creamed corn - half order. Mealy, but tasty.Sardinian Gnocchi: Burgundy truffle, Maine lobster, Parmesan cream - Delicious, creamy, rich, heavy, packed with flavor. Hearty and filling.To my dismay, the truffles in the gnocchi and creamed corn were not impressive.Mike asked what doneness I would like. I replied medium rare of course. He said the chef recommends medium in order to ensure that more of the beautifully marbled fat cooks down, melts, and infuses flavor into the meat.A5 Grade, marble score 11, Ideue Farm, Kagoshima Prefecture Wagyu: 4 oz minimum, $176. $44 per additional oz. I was torn whether to get NY or ribeye when Mike told me I could do 2 oz each.2 oz New York - Like eating butter. So flavorful and outstanding. Slightly less marbled than the ribeye.2 oz ribeye - eye only, no cap. This was the single most marbled steak I've eaten in my entire life. Literallty melted in my mouth. Succulent, rich, gorgeous flavor. The best way I can describe it is I ate butter in the form of a steak.Hawaiian volcanic black salt was available on my plate, along with veggies.I need to win the lottery so I can eat like this all the time. It must be nice to be rich.Did the Wagyu deliver? Aside from the initial shock and disappointment of not getting Kobe, the answer is yes. This was the most marbled steak I have ever consumed in my entire life. I highly enjoyed it; it was sensational, breathtaking, and scrumptious.Would I come back? Absolutely.The damage was $300 after tax and tip. Afterwards, I hit the casino floor in an attempt to recover some of the money I just spent. This is usually a bad idea, as it typically results in losing even more money. Read my Wynn review to find out what happened!
4	The food was amazing! Steaks were Huge portion as well as the side dishes. we had the bacon mac n cheese, parmesan spinach dip and the asparagus which was delicious. For dessert we had the pecan brownie which was warm and good. Good service. We went there for our anniversary! We were greeted Happy Anniversary! Our table was by the window where you can see the lakeside show! The outdoor patio was closed because it was cold!
1	It was amazing how bad the service we received at the SW Steakhouse was. We had a party of six, and waited over an hour for our entrees. Members of our group never received drinks that were ordered. Our service staff was disinterested in us and how our experience was. By far the most disappointing part of our Vegas trip. We will not be returning to SW.
2	WE expected so much more!  Called to make reservation, young women said there was a dress code, no jeans, needed a shirt with collar, etc.  That Was BALONEY.  People were casually dressed - a BIG disappointment.  THe food was mediocre.  foie gras with blueberry jam, REALLY!!!  Crabcakes were fishy.  Snapper was soppy.  Service was O.K.  GO TO PICASSO at the BELLAGIO if you want a wonderful meal.  Don't go here.
4	Atmosphere and service were fantastic,  unfortunately the weather was bad, so no seating on the patio.  My husband's NY Strip was perfectly cooked,  I ordered the filet mignon medium, maybe that was my mistake but there was NO pink in it,  it was almost well done.  Bummer.  Yukon mash and roasted asparagus didn't wow me, but the gluten free bread they brought was amazing.  I have celiac disease and appreciate any restaurant that has a gluten free menu and offers bread especially!
5	I went here over the summer for dinner with my husband and kids before we catch a show with my mom. With such a beautiful venue, I was really surprised they allowed kids at all. My husband showed up with shorts though.. They held or reservation so he can run to the mall to get some long pants. He's a casual guy, and I told him ahead of time but oh well. Our server, I don't remember his name, was hands down the best server I had. Ever! He was so accommodating. My kids thought the aluminum bottles of soda was so cool, he bagged it up for them to keep, such a nice gesture for kids who will keep anything.. Our seafood platter was so good. I'm told not to order seafood at a steak house, but I couldn't help myself, I love seafood. I'm glad I ordered it, it was great and refreshing. My husband ordered this huge prime rib that we shared, and hands down the best steak I've ever had in my life! I recently was in Vegas again and wanted to return here, but my husband said we should give StripSteak at Mandalay bay a try. And comparing the two, stripsteak is like Applebee's. Sadly, with less flavor. I never knew a steak house could mess up a steak. But for certain one place that won't be messing up any steaks is most definitely SW. I think I need another trip to Vegas again!
