3	Braddock is your typical hotel restaurant in a nice downtown hotel.  Very nicely decorated with good service but the food is a bit overpriced for what you pay.  We ate here several times while staying at the Renaissance over the weekend since it's conveniently located inside the hotel.The breakfast buffet here is $15/person and does not quite worth its value.  It's basically $15 for a continental breakfast with some hot items (eggs, bacon).  Lunch/dinner here is similar to your average American restaurant with burgers and sandwiches.  The service though is great and our waitress was very attentive to our needs.  For a hotel restaurant in a city downtown, expect the typical American grill.  Within walking distances are many more options so try something different unless you're looking for the convenience of a hotel restaurant.
2	I've only gone here for breakfast and brunch.  Like most breakfast buffets, this one is overpriced.  However, even the entrees are not that good of a deal.  The killer for this one is that there are many alternatives within walking distance.  The only reason for repeat visits was that they were comp'd by the hotel.That said, the hotel is beautiful so the ambiance is solid, and the service was top notch.  2.5 stars.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Braddock's. Initially, I had low expectations because it was inside a hotel named "The Renaissance". In actuality, though, the hotel is very trendy with alluring decor. The restaurant itself is fairly nice as well; kind of like an upscale Cheesecake Factory.Regarding everything else -- service was good and food wasn't bad either. I should state here that I did have a Groupon though. Would I have been satisfied with my dining experience if I had to pay full price? Probably not... but for $20 (including tax and tip), I'd say the bf and I left full and pretty satisfied before we headed out to the Steelers game (a mere 5-10 min. walk).
4	Braddock's American Brasserie is an attractively decorated restaurant, with good acoustics, a well-priced  menu and hearty portions.Three of us had  the salad topped with a good sized crab cake; the side order of french fries was delicious!  the steak with frites also good.The one downside: the wait staff worked hard but at times  seemed distracted or inexperienced, at one point  forgetting a plate and then  neglecting to ask if anyone wanted dessert or coffee before presenting the bill.
3	The atmosphere was nice as was the hotel lobby. I got the steak frites. First of all, these were fries, not frites. Frites are fried twice and these clearly were not. As fries, they were ok... Not good, not bad. The steak was cooked medium as ordered and was good, but was overpowered by some brown sauce. I'm a steak purist and believe a good cut can stand on it's own with little more than salt and pepper. This would have been better without the sauce.  Overall I give it a c+ or b-.  The short rib pierogies sound interesting. We had a groupon otherwise I would have preferred 6 Penn. At least they had east end brewing on tap.  I will give this place another try in the future.
4	Bacon caramel.  Yes, bacon caramel!  Some would argue that's all I need to say for this review, but I shall, dear reader, continue.  My husband and I came here because we had a groupon, and honestly, I wasn't expecting much from a hotel restaurant.  Boy, was I wrong.  The lobby of the hotel is really cool-- urban and chic-- and the restaurant decor continues in this vein.  The charcuterie plate was the stand out of the evening.  The "small" portion is loaded with cured meats, pates, little pickles and the fabulous bacon caramel.  The caramel was deep brown and sweet, loaded with chunks of thick-cut bacon.  We so enjoyed this first visit that we returned for my hubby's birthday.  All told, we've had the cheese platter (diverse, tasty cheeses), the lobster cassoulet (chock full o' lobster and delicious), seared scallops (cooked perfectly), veal milanese, and the steak frites (delicious fries).If I love Braddock's so much why don't I marry it and give it 5 stars?  Well, the waitresses could be a little more put together.  Their uniform is a bulky black shirt with black pants, and a tailored look would go better with the atmosphere.  Also, their beers and cocktails, while delicious, can be a bit expensive.  Minor gripes, but they're keeping me at a 4.5 star review.
4	Beautiful spot that makes you feel as you are in a "see and be seen" crowd while having an intimate experience.  Ambience is stunning.  Great spot for taking a "staying in town" vacation.  Date and I both had the scallops which were presented fabulously.  Waitress Autumn was very sweet and attentive even for a busy Saturday.  She made us feel right at home.   Very accommodating for our 8 pm curtain time as well.  Host staff was very pleasant as well.
2	The food is so-so and is severely overpriced for the caliber of the food they serve.  Their runners don't time the food right and even the waiter/waitress that waits on you doesn't even remember who ordered what. They call this place an American brasserie but this is fake French at best, and even that is a bit of an insult if you'd ask a French chef to taste their food. Don't get me wrong.  The food here is good, but thats the problem - It's not 'excellent' , 'mouthwatering' or 'to die for'. It's just ok good.  It's not worth what they charge, and if you're looking for good French, this place definitely isn't it.  With that being said, the ambiance and decor are superb. The mixed drinks are tasty and they don't jip you on the alcohol.  I suppose I expected a lot more out of a restaurant in the upscale Renaissance Hotel near the theatres, where a lot of out-of-towers may frequent. Surely, you wouldn't want this place to showcase Pittsburgh.
4	Let me start by saying that as a recent graduate who's moving halfway around the world in a couple of months, if not for Groupon, I wouldn't have ended up here.  It's costly.  That said, I'm glad I got the chance to try it out.Braddock's American Brasserie is sort of half-attached to a hotel downtown.  It's not a big place, mostly just a bar and a series of tables.  The noise level is about right: You can have a conversation without feeling like everyone's going to hear you, but there's no trouble hearing the people at your table.  The ambiance is slightly classy, but in jeans and a t-shirt I still didn't feel like I was under-dressed.  We went for the burgers, and I was not disappointed.  I ordered the Pittsburgher, which is topped with barbecue sauce (if I recall correctly,) a short-rib pierogie, and caramelized onions.  It was delicious and monstrously heavy, which is exactly what I was hoping for.  Sure, it was a bit messy, but totally worth it.  Word of advice: Unless you're counting calories, get the fries, not the salad.  The salad my buddy got was tiny, but they REALLY pile on the fries.For a place that makes a big deal of their whiskey selection, I'd have to say my Manhattan was mixed well, and they certainly didn't skimp on the liquor.  That's good, because it was $9, so if anything had been wrong with it, it would have cost WAY too much.My friend got a plate full of scallops, and they were perfectly done.  I generally don't like shellfish, so if I ate them and liked them, I'd recommend them as an appetizer to anyone.In the complaint department, I would say our waitress had to come back and ask us to remind her what we had ordered a couple of times, which wasn't really a problem, just sort of unusual.  Also, my friend's burger was only okay, according to him.  They promised him hot sauce, and they didn't really put much on it.If you're downtown, and looking for a decent burger, try this place.
3	I tried Braddock's tonight because of the Groupon. As others mentioned, the hotel is gorgeous and the restaurant has a really nice feel or ambiance.They brought me complementary fresh baked bread with some unsalted butter with some sea salt on top. Very nice! Had the half portion of mussels as an appetizer which was well done except only a little broth at the bottom making it hard to dip. The broth was awesome for bread sopping.I would award another star except my main dish of Lobster Cassoulet had overcooked lobster. Basically all claw meat which was chewy.Service is good, and I think things are actually fairly priced (website menu is accurate). Parking was a little tricky, I ended up at the garage across the street.
4	My mom was in town for a conference, and I thought it was the perfect opportunity to use my Groupon to Braddock's.  A short walk from her hotel on a beautiful day, we strolled in to the lobby of the Renaissance hotel to find the restaurant.  What a GORGEOUS hotel!  It makes me want to wear a long red dress and walk slowly down a staircase to greet a crowd of admirers.  Classy place.The restaurant has a classy vibe too - leather booths, white tablecloths, and dim lights.  We started with cocktails - alas, the cocktail menu is not on the website (or I'm dumb and can't find it) - but whatever we had, it was delicious.  I believe it was marked as the house specialty cocktail.  I wasn't sure I'd like it because sometimes I'm a little iffy on whiskey, but it was actually fruity and delicious.  We both loved it.Next, we split the goat cheese and beet salad (which they put on separate plates for us), and it was great.  Sweet beets, amazing fried goat cheese, tasty vinaigrette.  Oh - and we also got a soft, warm baguette wrapped in paper, with a plate of sweet butter.For my entree, I had mussels and frites "Billi-bi" style, which means in a saffron-cream broth.  The frites were served with an aioli.  I also had a side of garlic spinach.  The entree didn't bowl me over - mussels were well prepared and the broth was tasty, but it wasn't long before it seemed too rich for me, and became a little hard to eat.  There was just so much broth and it was so creamy!  The spinach did a nice job of cutting through the heavy meal, but the overall effect was still a bit much. Way too full for dessert!  I think our meal came to about $90 (Mom got the daily special, a fish dish) - so that's $90 for two drinks, one salad, a side dish, and two entrees.  It's pricey.  The Groupon helped. I think I would return though, it made a good impression.  Our server felt a bit rushed - she didn't really connect with us and always seemed to be moving quickly, but that's okay.  There weren't many people in the restaurant at all, which was kind of sad on a Friday.  More people should give this place a shot!
4	I didn't eat here. We came to have some whiskey and were not disappointed in the slightest. Huge selection of bourbon with a good amount of rye and scotch as well. The Braddock Smash is a fantastic cocktail. The lobby/lounge area that is shared with the hotel is really epic. Definitely one of the best spots in the city in terms of outrageous use of marble to tip folks off to the amount of wealth that used to be concentrated in the area. I'll definitely be back for a drink and hopefully dinner next time.
3	The service is not great at the bar--involving me waving down bartendrons--but the drinks are fair.   The potato chips are SALTY.  Like, "knock the salt off before you put it in your mouth" salty.
4	We ate here about 6 months ago and had a nice experience and then again last night and really enjoyed it. As you think about going here, you really don't want to eat in a hotel (Renaissance) restaurant and feel like it can't possibly be good but give it a try. It is extremely convenient for hitting before a show next door at the Byham or across the street at the Heinz.We intended to try the Streetside bar/ restaurant but it was packed out so went to the full restaurant. Gotta say, we really like the ambience in the lobby and restaurant - soft lighting, good colors, inviting sofas/ chairs, and never much noise at all.  We were promptly seated, and the server was friendly and never intrusive.The food is moderately expensive (a hotel after all) but is VERY well presented, excellent portions, and was all very tasty. They have lots of coupons/ deals out there, so if you can find one of those and stop by before a show, this is a nice, unexpected place.
4	Thanks to Restaurant.com a friend and I were able to check out Braddocks for very little money (thanks to an online deal I was able to get a $25 gift card for $2!) We ate at Braddocks Street Side which is their small bar located just off of the lobby in the Rennesiance Hotel. We went for lunch around 1 o'clock so we had the whole place to ourselves with the exception of 2 other patrons. The bar can hold about 25-35 people so it may not be the ideal place for group happy hour. My friend and I each ordered the french onion soup and burger. The soup was a very generous portion, as it should be for $7. It was very tasty and extremely rich. Neither of us were able to finish it. The burgers were good, buth nothing too special. I'm going to have to keep my eye out for another deal on the Restuarant.com coupons because there are about 10 other things on the menu I would love to try.
3	We had a pleasant time atmosphere was nice and the server was very attentive. Wasnt overly impressed with the food, but did enjoy the beet goat cheese salad and the French onion soup however. All and all I would go back but probably  just for apps.
3	I Went to Braddock's for dinner with my fiancee.The synopsis: A reasonably executed yet uninspired meal.Dinner began with drinks. The drink selection was varied but we both chose cocktails. My fiancee's "Braddock Smash" and my "Moscow Mule" were both well made, though my drink was not served in the correct vessel. We chose the charcuterie board (half) for our opener, the selection of meats included no spectacular choices. I was reminded of a cold cut platter from the supermarket.Provided with the meal was a rather nondescript bread, with a well warmed butter sprinkled with sea salt. The meal took a pleasant turn as our entree arrived. A beautifully cooked (medium rare as requested) 18 ounce cowboy steak (ribeye). The steak was served on cooked yet still crisp asparagus spears and a bed of smooth mashed potatoes with what I can only guess was a veal demi glace. Truely the high point of the meal.Coming off of the well executed main course we moved on the dessert. At the servers recommendation we chose the croissant bread pudding. The dish arrived and looked amazing. This look was only skin deep. The interior was quite dry - a matter we remedied with additional creme anglaise and caramel sauce procured for us by our waitress.I enjoyed the meal well enough overall, though I doubt I would return.
3	Went here for date night with my fiance. What we sampled: Braddock Smash (I had this and thought that it was well made and tasty)Moscow Mule (My fiance was not impressed that it was not in a copper mug and was definitely not as good as the one you can get at Alchemy N Ale)1/2 Charcuterie Board (meh.  It was pretty disappointing selection wise and overall was too cold and boring)Cowboy Steak (Perfectly cooked and delicious the mashed potatoes were just ok but the asparagus were great.  When I tried to reheat this I found out that the demi glace was thickened with corn starch because everything started getting thick in the pan when heating up (did not work at all)). Croissant Bread Pudding (It was ok, but was definitely better when we asked for more creme anglaise and caramel sauce)Overall it was a decent meal, but I don't think that I would return.
3	Such a beautiful hotel.  So i had no idea that Braddock's was in the Renaissance.  They advertise a lot so maybe I just missed that fact.  I got the impression that Braddock's was a causal family restaurant but that's doesn't appear to be the case. (Think its the name, Braddock's). I stopped in here after a show for a quick glass of wine with a friend.  The selection was decent but a bit on the pricey side 10-14 a glass.  Only the small bar was busy the rest of restaurant was dead. Might stop back in for ONE drink if I am dressed up from a show but $14 glasses of wine aren't the reg for me.
4	Valentines weekend with my Honey! It was a Saturday night after the big love holiday. I had a Living Social deal for dinner. Made a reservation at 8pm 2 weeks in advance and I was set. Parking in the garage on a Saturday night on 6th street pre event, symphony, theater, what have you.... slightly painful but not really an issue. The restaurant is inside a hotel. Did not know that. The decor is modern romantic, deep booths, dark browns, and violets. The booths take you back to an older era. Mob boss round booths have an intimate appeal. I had asked from my open table reservation to be placed out of the way but we were sat in the middle of the restaurant in an angled booth. It felt like I was on a center stage. The menu was interesting but one item caught my eye. Lobster Cassoulet! They were sold out. Pouting I asked the waitress to reccomend something for me. Lobster Gnocchi?? Hmmm. Gnocchi can be kind of heavy and pasty but I went with it.So incredibly delicious. Tiny puffs in a creamy mushroom and artichoke base sauce. Lots a lobster and perfect sweet claw meat right on top of the dish. If I would go back for just one item it would be The lobster gnocchi. " Lobster Killer" They have two sizes half and full portion. I was begrudgingly sharing with my BF so we got the full but I don't think the half would have been adequate.To start we had the meat plate. The sauces were tasty that accompanied the various meats in the Charcuterie plate. The half size is plenty for two. The BF had mussels that were good and standard. If we did not have a deal the bill would have been on the expensive side and we didn't order anything alcoholic either.
3	Hmmm, I'm surprised I've not written a review of Braddock's from when I stayed here three years ago... At this point I have no idea what I ate there three years ago during my 3 day stay...Braddock's is immediately visible to you dead center as  you enter the lobby of the Renaissance Hotel.Had breakfast here one morning this past week. Trying to eat healthy - so I went with a bowl of Raisin Bran with skim milk, a bowl of mixed berries (strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries), plus water and coffee). Hard for me to get excited about giving a bowl of cereal and a side of fruit more than 3 stars!Service was very good, ambiance is nice.
4	Went to this place for lunch. The staffs are very nice. The food is good. I ordered mussel and my wife ordered crab cake. The mussels are very delicious and the crab cake is good.
4	Largest selection of Bourbon in Pittsburgh...don't mind if I do.  Sat down and saw a selection of 7 Bourbons on the shelf and was pissed.  "That's it?"  Then I looked up and saw another 30.  Haven't made it through all of them but the ones I had were amazing.  Plus the bar snacks "potato chips" are always incredible.
2	I stayed in the hotel and had both breakfast and lunch there on a Saturday.Breakfast:  I had the french toast and it was unremarkable.  Two slices of battered bread.  Definitely a bonus point for having real maple syrup.  My partner had the egg white omelet.  It came with everything - toast, potatoes.  All very good.  I was hungry after the small french toast portion.Lunch:  Mostly inedible.  The french onion soup was so salty it was bitter.  The caesar with a chick breast tasted mostly of artificial lemon with a dried out tasteless breast.  The hot bread and fresh butter was great. In both meals the atmosphere and the service were very nice.  The meals should be skipped.
4	I will start out by saying that my friend is a chef there, so I am a bit biased, but the food really does stand on its own. J and I arrived at 7 pm on a Friday and it really wasn't as busy as I was expecting it to be.  We were sat in a very comfortable booth in the back where I ordered the blackberry capirinha (or some such spelling).  It's Brazilian, normally doesn't have blackberries in it, but is much better for it.  Even if you don't want food, this is the place to go for drinks.  The bartenders definitely know how to pour.  (We have been to the bar in the past for some of the best bourbon drinks I have ever had.)The waitress brought us some fresh-made, warm bread with butter and sea salt.  I am not sure the salt is necessary.  Some salt and herbs would be nice though.  But the bread was very good.  We also got the braised short rib pierogies that are served on a bed of creamed leeks that tasted a lot like saurkraut, but milder.  They were perfectly cooked and really tasty.For the main course, I had the mussels and frites in the Strip District sauce which was a tomato-garlic sauce with kielbasa and herbs.  I get mussels a lot and while the mussels weren't the best I have ever had, the sauce certainly was.  So much flavor packed into this tomato broth.  There was really not enough bread for me to sop it all up. The frites were also awesome - crunchy and covered in sea salt and herbs.  I think the salt was a bit heavy-handed, but it complimented the mussels very well.J had the pasta special - fresh-made pasta in a tomato broth with scallops, shrimp, zucchini and a hint of lemon.  The scallops were smaller than we were expecting, but the flavor more than made up for it.  The shrimp were huge and the whole dish was very filling, and yet still light and summery.Unfortunately, we did not have enough room for dessert (I think I ate a whole loaf of the bread myself), but we will definitely be back.
4	Braddock's should be admired for it's dedication to buying local.  Everything is described to you by friendly servers with where things come from.  Very impressive.  Especially for a hotel restaurant!  I think a lot of people have a common misconception that all hotel restaurants must be a chain of some sort.  It's nice that the Renaissance welcomes them in. The outer part of Braddock's is just a bar area or "Braddock's Streetside."  The back part of Braddock's is a fancy dining room.  It's really quite gorgeous inside.  I couldn't pass up a tasty looking beet salad so I ordered one up.  It's a beautiful presentation with two unassuming fried goat cheese balls.  But holy crap were those some amazing balls!!  The beets were good, don't get me wrong... and I liked shallot vinaigrette, but those cheese balls... star of the show!  I'd come back just for a plate full of those, even though I know it wouldn't be the healthiest option!  I definitely want to come back for dinner and get some of the other delicious sounding items and perhaps a cocktail.  It would be a nice date night spot.  Maybe even a romantical evening stay downtown at the hotel as well!  Fried cheese balls included in that package please!
3	Had lunch with a good friend.Atmosphere and service were great. Fancy place, but didn't feel under-dressed or get any feeling of the place being pretentious. I ordered the Pittsburgh Rueben and my friend got the cheeseburger. The bread that came out was unremarkable, not warm nor really any taste to it. I could live without it. Rueben was a nice portion, though for $14 sandwich it should be. Pastrami was a bit overcooked but otherwise the sandwich was very tasty. Friend remarked her burger was good. Fries were fries - nothing special. Yet another place that cooks with canola oil. Lard please - that will make a fine fry. Overall - I'd return under the right circumstances (i.e. Living Social or Groupon) Otherwise a bit over-priced (most places in town are) for what it is and having to deal with parking downtown on top of that. But if you are already down there for a show it would be a good spot to visit.
2	Tried Braddock's for a second time, this time for dinner. Overall food was ok, fairly unspectacular especially considering the $80 bill for 2. Planned on ordering the Trenne Carbanera listed on their website but it was mysteriously absent from the menu upon arriving. Prices and descriptions are slightly off on several instances as well. Decided to go with the Amish Chicken and my date had the Steak Frites. As mentioned earlier food wasn't bad by any means, I've just had substantially better for far less a price tag. As far as descriptions go the chicken came with polenta, asparagus, onions, - as in nothing like what is described on their website. It's correct on the menu in the restaurant however so I did know what I was ordering at the time. Dessert was home-made smores - which isn't even listed on the web dessert menu. Again, just kinda meh. For $8 not exactly a splitable dessert portion wise either. I definitely left more satisfied from lunch and at a much smaller price tag and therefore will probably just stick to visiting for lunch every now and then or possibly order from the pub menu for dinner and not much else looks appetizing there. The Pittsburgh Rueben seems to be the only saving grace.....
5	This is my boyfriend and mine's favorite place to go to when we want to treat ourselves nice.   Everything about the place is classy in my opinion.  The servers and waiters are very professional.  With that said, they have top notch gnocchi which I often times get cravings for.  I haven't had a single meal there I didn't like.  I like that they buy local, and their specials usually reflect that.  Their portions are huuuge, and the price is reasonable for the quality and amount of food you get.  Their desserts are also spectacular, but I must say I am disappointed they changed their apple tart (The first time we got it, it came with ice cream and baked basil on top - yum yum yum).  I would definitely and have recommended this restaurant to friends and family.
4	Tucked in the back of an upscale hotel, Braddock's is a lovely treat. I was very surprised to see that the restaurant was virtually empty, but then again there was a Pirates game that the entire city seemed to be at. We were seated immediately. We decided on dinner here based on the restaurant.com coupon, what a deal it was! To start we ordered the wild mushroom rice balls, braised short rib pierogies, and an order of the gnocchi with creamed leeks, Gorgonzola, and lobster. The gnocchi was the best I have ever tasted. The lobster was tender and there was a ton of it, and the sauce was addicting. It was the perfect dish. I could have lived without the short rib pierogies, they weren't great, and the short ribs seemed to be overcooked. The rice balls were pretty good!Next, was soup. We got the French onion and tomato bisque. French onion was amazing, the tomato soup on the other hand was awful. We didn't touch it. Our waiter was kind enough to even take it off our bill.For my entree I ordered the sea scallops with sweet corn. It different from the menu I saw online but I was able to change it to my preferences. The entree portion had a whopping 8 scallops on one plate. I was in shock. That is a massive portion, especially at $28. The scallops were cooked perfectly and everything that accompanied it was delicious. My family seemed to enjoy their meals as well, but I was too busy enjoying my scallops to really be sure.Cocktails were strong, service (even though my brother-in-law scared the waiter) was great, and the food was good. I'd visit again when in Pitt.
5	Fantastic place!  B.A.B is located off the large impressive two-story marble lobby of the Renaissance Hotel, which is a beautiful hotel inside and out.  The hostess, servers, and everyone I interacted with at the hotel were friendly, competent, and were genuinely interested in taking care of me.The Pittsburgh Reuben "Big Ugly" that I ordered for lunch was huge and great! It is an impressive sandwich with pierogis, kielbasa, pastrami, sauerkraut, and all smothered in Gruyere cheese served on rye, of course.Long story short --- GO TO BAB for lunch NOW. Trust me.During my survey of restaurants(50-60) for lunch in Pittsburgh over the last 3 months+, this place falls near the top!
5	This restaurant features a nice dining experience and delicious food.  The mood in the restaurant is dark, kinda of romantic, but great for parties.  The menu has a nice variety of American cuisine, delicious and prepared and presented well.  highly recommended for a special occasion.
3	This is a nice restaurant, classic looking.  High back seating and few tables spread throughout.  My son had the Pgh Big Ugly reuben and it was a bit much.  It was sloppy and difficult to bit.  It was an ok take on a great sandwich.  I hate to say Braddock's ruined it but they really went overboard with all the "add-ins" on this standard sandwich.  The salmon, well, it was salmon...take notes from Georgetowne Inn's chef because they have mastered this dish.  Braddock's is convenient if you do not want to try to endure Pgh's wintery weather and you are staying at the Renaissance.
4	I just recently got to experience Braddock's on a whim with a friend on a Friday evening. I was surprised they weren't busier at 6pm on a Friday, but it's possible that they get busier later, as 6pm can actually be considered early on a weekend. We ordered a glass of wine (a surprisingly affordable glass of Cabernet) and the cheese plate appetizer. It was amazing! The service was OK, although the server seemed like she was running the whole place (or something was keeping her busy and spacey) and the expediter seemed a bit distant, too. This was a little bit of a surprise for a place like this, but we were in a good mood and it genuinely didn't bother us.I chose to order from the bar menu because after walking through and seeing someone with a burger, my mind immediately had made up its' mind. I got the Braddock's Burger and it was amazing! The beef bacon was almost too much, but I appreciated the uniqueness. The meat was cooked perfectly and was juicy and flavored well, without being too over-powerful and you could still taste burger. The bun never got soggy and help up. The fries were also good, but a little too salty.My only real complaint is the location of the bathrooms. They are hotel / public bathrooms that are up a very large set of stairs. I'm fine with it, but I was surprised that they weren't more convenient. Overall, I'll be back!
3	Overall, Braddocks is what you expect from a fine hotel restaurant.  The food was very good.  The service was a bit slow (likely due to a large conference and several early diners).  In addtion, our server and expediter and had to "auction" some of the dishes.  Lastly, our final bill had several errors on it.  Even though we were a group of 6+, we should not have had the billing errors.  The staff did eagerly correct the issues.  Otherwise, we had an enjoyable time and would return on a future visit.
4	I had the best meal here last night.  I needed a place near Heinz Hall because I was going to a show there after dinner.  This turned out to be an excellent choice.  I had a salad with beets and goat cheese.  I also wanted an appetizer size crab cake.  Our server suggested getting it on top of the salad.  Perfect!  I was in heaven.  The crab cake melted in my mouth.  The goat cheese was different than I thought it would be.  There were two little goat cheese "cakes" for lack of a better name.  They were dusted in something and sauteed, so the goat cheese was ever so warm.  Delicious.  All in all a satisfying pre-show dinner. Not too heavy, and very satisfying.  I'll be back.
4	Excellent food! Excellent service. We were with a group of 5 (two separate checks). Be warned, groups of 5 or more, a 20% gratuity is automatically added to the bill -- I would have tipped that anyway for the service we received -- in fact I added to it.The salad with goat cheese was great, and the seared scallops excellent! 5 large scallops in the serving over polenta. My wife liked the lump crab cakes and could only finish one. Our waitress even offered to stuff olives with blue cheese for a martini request. Plus, free valet parking at the Renaissance Hotel.
5	.
4	A calm, clean and pleasant environment. The only complaint would be, we made reservations online weeks in advance and still had to wait to be seated. The service was timely and efficient. The server was amicable and friendly. The food was delicious. The menu was slightly limited, but still a decent variety. I would recommend dining here the next time you're in the area.
5	Ate here just before the Chicago Concert in Heinz Hall last Sunday.Fantastic service, very nice interior and ambiance.The food was great: Goat Cheese and beet salad was great, shrimp cocktail huge(!!) and properly cooked, Filet super tender and tasty (if only very slightly over cooked), Spinach and Mushroom Couscous was filling and delicious.Rachel C is definitely right here -- this is not your typical hotel restaurant. Everything was done right, great premium ingredients, oh and let's not forget those cocktails.Both the Prohibition Pear(Grey goose Le Poire / St Germaine / Lillet Blanc / Lime / Simple Syrup) and the Braddock Smash(Maker's Mark / Fresh Berries / House made Sour / Bitters) were awesome.The wine list had affordable wines both by the glass and by the bottle.Overall, the prices are high(about $140 for two including (5) drinks, tax, generous tip) --- but this was a top notch dinner, top notch service, great ambiance.I'd go back there in a second.  Next time, I will order the 18oz bone-in ribeye!Expensive?  Yes.Great Value for your money?  Definitely.Do we deserve a special night away from the kids? You bet your....ummm, butt.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. I have been there over ten times....It's on the ground floor of Renaissance hotel. The environment is very elegant and clean. The food is absolutely good. I always start with the mussels with fries, they will bring up a huge bowl of fresh and delicious mussels and crispy but soft fries. I wish they have sweet potato fries as well.And all other dishes I tried was great. The scallops, the steak, seafood, pasta, everything. Strongly recommended.
4	Came here when we were in a rush before a show.  We made reservations, but the place was practically empty, which caught me off-guard.  The food ended up being really good, although the preparation was pretty slow (and as I mentioned, we were in a bit of a hurry).  I really enjoyed the lobster and gnocchi dish - really unique and delicious.  Great blend of flavors (who thought that peas would go with gnocchi?).  The salad was ok - I had the goat cheese and beet since I'm a sucker for goat cheese.The reason that I must rate them highly though is because my dad was happy.  My dad, the world's pickiest eater.  The man who will not eat anything with "cream" or "cheese" or "onion" or "garlic" or anything, ANYTHING that he deems as different (which automatically becomes "weird" with an "Ewww, who would want that?!").  He ate the Amish chicken (I think the name helped, because he does have a weird thing for the Amish).  Of course he plained-it-up, opting for no polenta or relish, never touching the asparagus, and getting a side of fries.  He was pleased!  He LIKED it and really liked the fries.Success!
4	They went out of their way to fit us in (a party of 10) when there was some issue with Open Table reservation service.  Food was great, served properly and promptly.  Excellent place for a pre-theater meal.
5	This review is for the bar of this restaurant.  Date and time of visit:  May 20, afternoon.  This restaurant is in the Renaissance Hotel and the restaurant closes in the afternoon.  That's why we ended up at the bar.The ambiance:  The bar is by the lobby and the lobby is the best place to be during a hot day.  Here's a look:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/braddocks-american-brasserie-pittsburgh?select=jdVKRjnFD1_4xF_x-9OnIg#jdVKRjnFD1_4xF_x-9OnIgThe drinks:  My sister loved their Cosmo cocktail but she said that it is not unusual since Pittsburgh has excellent bartenders.  My Chardonnay was not shabby either. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/braddocks-american-brasserie-pittsburgh?select=jdVKRjnFD1_4xF_x-9OnIg#_Ty0CSROdhF_-_96dPjKbAThe food:   You could order appetizers from the bar.  I particularly loved the Belgian fries and its dip. We also had Roasted Tomato Soup with Lardons (French bacon), Braised Short Rib Pierogies ( Polish dumplings similar to the Italians' ravioli) with creamed leek sauce, and Goat Cheese & Red Pepper Bruschetta. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/braddocks-american-brasserie-pittsburgh?select=jdVKRjnFD1_4xF_x-9OnIg#Myp6idkB98z3gOVlSFCiGgFor dessert, we shared the Warmed Brownie with Banana Marshmallow, Salted Caramel, Candied Walnuts, a la mode.
4	Good food. Good service. We had two appetizers. The brucetta was good. I really liked the goat cheese on it. And we had the crab cake. It was not fried, which was great because you could actually taste the crab meat. I had the risotto. It was a little heavy on the pepper in my opinion, but I'm not really big on pepper. My dad had the salmon. I had a bite and the whiskey glaze was very good. For dessert, we had the very cobbler. Sweet with a nice berry taste. Not very much crumble topping. Overall, it was a good meal. Worth a try if you're downtown looking for a nice place to eat.
4	After laboring over the mouth watering menu for 20 minutes trying to narrow down our choices, my normally decisive wife and I gave up, and ordered all appetizers so we could try more things.  We went with the Braised Short Rib Pierogies, Roasted Beet and Fried Goat Cheese Salad with Seared Salmon, Home Made Meatballs stuffed with Provolone and Mozzarella, and Seasonal Wild Mushroom Risotto.  It was all delectable, freshly, and attractively prepared, and every bit as delicious as it sounds.  Besides getting to try more things, the appetizers were a good deal.  The small plate apps and salads are mostly around $10, while the main courses are mostly $30-$35.  Everything was excellent and felt like we got a very fair value.  I should caution any would be dieters that most of the dishes tended to be on the heavier side.  Granted we brought it on ourselves with the cheese stuffed meatballs and short rib pierogies, but in truth most of the menu wasn't stingy with batter, bacon, cheese, sausage, butter, cream, and Bearnaise sauce.  If you're trying to avoid a post meal coma, you may have a hard time finding anything sin free.  That said, if you are up for an indulgence (Because let's face it, you've earned it) you'll have a hard time treating yourself better than Braddocks!
3	Took the fam for our one "fancy" dinner while in Pittsburgh, at the gorgeous Rennaissance Hotel.  The food was good, but the presentation a bit odd.  My beet salad was fresh and tasty, but I had to mix the ingredients myself: the beets and nuts were hiding underneath the lettuce, and the goat cheese and crab cake were sitting on the edges.  Also, the wait staff was perhaps a bit over-enthusiastic, even going so far as to suggest that my French onion soup was browned perfectly on top as it was being served.  That being said, everything tasted good: the steak, the fish and chips, and especially the desserts!
4	My quest for super-delicious mussels in Pittsburgh led me to Braddock. There are 4 different sauces to choose from. They were really good....  but not 5 star.  I am still looking.  I have been to Point Breugge and Dish as well (specifically for mussels ), and I think Dish is in the lead so far.
5	I stay at this hotel a lot when I travel to Pittsburgh for work. The restaurant has a great atmosphere. The food is excellent and the staff is very accommodating and very friendly. The manager walked around to the guest and asked how everything was. He was even helping the servers bring the food out. My steak was cooked PERFECT!! I ordered the filet mignon medium well and the chef cooked it perfect! It was very delicious. The dessert was amazing, croissant bread pudding. It's really a great place to eat and have a fun night out. I look forward to coming back.
3	Stayed at the Renaissance last night so decided to try Braddocks. Strange atmosphere.  Somewhat like a waiting room. Decor is tired. Staff were amazing, knowledgeable and attentive without being intrusive. Appetizers (crab cakes and short rib pierogies) were excellent.  My partners main course more disappointing. Salmon on a beret salad. Huge portion but. Salad dominated by greens and salmon over cooked.  My hanger steak and frites was excellent. I like it medium, ordered medium rare and it came medium!!  Tating is overall 3.  My food would rate 4 my partner's 3 and atmosphere 3.
4	Had a great Christmas Eve family dinner at Braddocks. The appetizers were  to die for including Braised pork Pierogies (this was my favorite), Kielbasa (large charcuterie style ) and stuffed sausage. All were some of the best apps I've ever had to be honest. I had a pretty good filet mignon as we'll but next time I will try something less generic. Great service and atmosphere in the renaissance hotel.
3	My husband and I went to this restaurant for an early Valentine's Day dinner.  We had the prix fixe dinner and it was good but not great.  It was a three course dinner with a lobster encrote salad, petite filet with crab legs, mashed potatoes and asparagus, and a dessert sampler.  The portions were ample and the ambiance is very nice.  It has that old hotel feeling.  The service is really good and attentive.  The fried mushroom risotto is quite tasty.  It wasn't toe-curling but the good service more than made up for the uninspired food.
3	Hit or Miss? I've been here about 4 times in the last year, equally split with good and not so good, both in food and/or service. If there's a show that night, the place is busy, if it is a weekend, the place is busy. If it is a random Tuesday at 6:00, you might be the only people there. The specialty cocktails, albeit $10 are really wonderful, the Braddock Smash and Braddock's Revenge w jalapeno are our top 2.The bread they deliver is hot and crusty served with sea salt topped butter - can't ever go wrong there. Mussels are good, they come with crusty bread for the leftover broth. As for the beet/goat cheese salad, the 1st 2 times it was amazing, last time the beets were undercooked and the greens weren't dressed enough. But each time the fried goat cheese is the highlight! I've had steak & frites, spot on, tender and the sauce complimented it well. I've has the lobster gnocchi twice, generous hunks of lobster in a cream sauce with peas and asparagus, it's really, really, really good. I recommend a half order with a salad :)We've tried the ribeye, it was okay, it did take forever to come out. Last visit the sea scallops - were great portions and the polenta was yummy, but the scallops had a metallic taste, they brought a 2nd order, also metallic taste, also lacked that crust that a seared scallop should have. From home cooking scallops we have learned that all scallops are not equal and some come treated with STP a chemical preservative added to fresh scallops on the boat. Frozen scallops or 'dry' scallops do not have this added and will not pull a metallic taste. Sometimes people without sensitive tongues might not even notice a difference. STP also causes a scallop to absorb more water, hence losing the ability to get a crust. Really though, you can't blame it on the chef. It's the scallops fault, or whoever the supplier is. All in all, we won't stop going, it is a pleasant atmosphere, convenient to everything downtown and generally a great experience! I'd still recommend it to friends.
2	We went here Saturday night with 2 other couples. A reservation absolutely not needed, the place was empty. Our server was nice but there were several times our entire table had empty drinks. He recommended the short rib pierogies which were ok but not amazing as he stated. The actual pierogies tasted like store bought but the sauce was amazing. The charcuterie board is a complete joke and way over priced for what can only be described as lunch meat. The cuts were way too big and not thinly sliced. The bacon mustard that comes with it almost makes up for it. The fried risotto was awesome as was the bruschetta. We all enjoyed our main dishes although my husbands steak was over cooked. Desserts were good, again not mind blowing but good. My biggest issue besides waiting for drinks repeatedly is that our waiter split our check and his tip was added in which we were not made aware of. Why would a tip be added to a party of 6, with each couple paying separately? We added a tip to the hefty $150 bill and only realized after that tip was already included. I know this is our mistake for not noticing sooner but after waiting forever for the check we just wanted to get out of there!The waiter also inappropriately commented at least 5 times about 2 of our party ordering non alcoholic drinks and did they want more of the "hard" stuff. This was completely inappropriate.  We will not be back.
2	Update! The manager of Braddock's sent me a very kind email, apologizing for the service and issues we had during our experience at Braddock's. Simply because of this I would be willing to give it another shot. Everyone has an off day and I think highly that he took the time to contact me about my not so great experience.
3	Beautiful!Had breakfast here at the Sunday brunch, and it was pretty good.If we had not had a free pass from the hotel, I don't know if we would have gone here because it is pretty $$$.The buffett was big, and they did have a lot of different stuff.I would say that the lighting is pretty dramatic for a morning, like I wish I could maybe see some daylight from a window instead of dramatic lighting.
3	I am really torn about this review.  Our server was fantastic and we really enjoyed the food and drink, but two of our group members ended up with food poisoning (we think that it was the mussels) after our meal.  We opted to do a mix of plates including their jumbo lump crab cake, braised short ribs pierogies, arancinis. potato gnocchi & lobster, and the mussels.  Overall, during the meal - I enjoyed all of the food with my favorite being the lobster gnocchi and the arancinis were a bit bitter from the port wine.  We also tried a smattering of their drinks from the Braddock's smash to the moscow mule and prohibition pear martini.  They also have a make your own manhattan option.  For a hotel restaurant, this was a really great option inside of The Renaissance which is eclectically upscale.  If it wasn't for the food poisoning, this review would be four stars.
1	Stopped in for a post Pirate game beer last night. I ordered an IPA and sat down at the bar. I couldn't wait to leave as the sour smell of stale beer and who knows  what wafted from the tap drains. Call bar rescue! The annoying lady with her cell phone pugged in at the bar didn't help my my experience either.
5	Food was amazing for Easter Brunch, A HUGE selection of choices with something for our whole group. Will definitely be attending again!!
5	Went in solely for the French Onion soup and it did not disappoint. It was absolute perfection and everything you would want from a French onion soup. I sat at the bar on a snowy afternoon and it was wonderful. Will definitely be back to test out the rest of the menu when I am back in town.
3	Most important observation: you can't afford wine here, it will literally double the price of your meal.  Their markup is through the roof.Second, sadly: the food is really, really good, but largely overshadowed by their insane wine prices (for non-drinkers, this place is the real deal.)Third, noise from the hotel lobby is constant and invasive, and particularly bad on the evening I dined here because a wedding had spilled over into the public areas.Finally, what they call kielbasa is a big hot dog (the best I ever tasted, prepared perfectly and served with great mustard and kraut, but NOT kielbasa).  I know, I know, technically the term kielbasa can refer to damn near any sausage, but as a Polish American I know that what I was served was NOT kielbasa - delicious, but taking the argument to its extreme, I'd also be pissed off if I ordered a slice of pie and got a bowl of bread pudding (even if it was the best bread pudding ever.)
5	Service was great and very attentive. My wife got the Asian salad and I got the Pittsburgher sandwich...both delicious. Very upscale downtown restaurant
3	Underwhelmed. The server did go out of his way to make up for what started out badly but the food was "meh".
5	This is the restaurant and bar located in the lobby of the Renaissance in Pittsburgh.  I stopped by for a few cocktails after a deposition.  I had a friendly, competent bartender and a nice manhattan.  I would definitely like to return to try the food.
5	I had dinner with my son and his friend there last night. One word- incredible. My beet and goat cheese salad was a meal in itself but the scallops and polenta left me wanting to lick the plate. My son had the bisque and pasta special and his friend, the gnocchi and lobster. Nothing was left. Can't wait to return!!!!
4	Had the arugula salad, short rib pirogues and kielbasa board. Salad was great. Pirogues were awesome. Kielbasa was outstanding.I highly recommend the above.
4	Back in Pittsburgh. I arrived at the hotel late after working. I grabbed a table in Braddock's for a late meal and to watch Monday Night Football.I had mussels & frites with a Braddock's smash cocktail. The food and drink were excellent. Braddock's has a great menu.
4	I went with a group of friends, and we were all impressed with the decor. The hotel is beautiful, and it's right by the baseball stadium, which is really cool. The drinks menu was awesome, and the drink I had was great.I liked the butcher paper on the tables, and the waiter was really nice. He was great about answering my questions, and even helped me decide between two dishes that sounded good. I ultimately went with the lobster gnocchi, and the full serving was actually a huge plate of food. The gnocchi was nice (not the lightest gnocchi I have ever had, but pretty good), and the lobster was cooked well. The sauce was quite rich and decadent, and after a few bites, it was feeling like it needed some acid or lightness. I think a small side salad with a tangy vinaigrette would have been nice to add to the dish. I did take a go-box home, so I ended up getting 1.5 meals out of this, actually.One of the other diners had the pork and beans, and it looked and smelled amazing. I would go for that the next time I go.A tip about parking: if you ask the waiter, they will validate your valet parking if you eat at the restaurant. I really appreciated that, because it's a difficult area to park in, especially if there is a game going on.
2	My server was super slow! I had a burger which was very good. The fries here are great. My wife had a (sliced) chicken salad and the chicken was way under cooked. This should have been noticed since it was cut into slices. Unfortunately the server didn't come back to check on us until everyone was done. Overall I'm disappointed, especially for the price point.
4	Delicious food and generous portions. Lovely setting. Service a bit slow, but all in all a good place
