5	I eat here for my birthday every year.  Love the nepalese food, especially the jasmine rice.  You really can't miss, I've never heard any complaints about any of the food.  About $18-22 for an entree, and worth every penny.  Much better than its sister restaurant Himil Chuli.  Nice atmosphere and window seating.  A State Street can't miss....5 stars.
5	I've eaten here twice now, and both were outstanding experiences. In particular I've enjoyed the strawberry lassi (though it does take them some time to make) and the appetizers, which are amazingly fresh. The entrees also deserve praise for their variety and interesting combination of ingredients... which, again, are amazingly fresh. In general my impression is that these folks really strive for the freshest ingredients possible with an enjoyable, slow-food delivery.
4	Tonya and I apparently eat at all the same restaurants! I frequently see her new reviews and am reminded of them as places I need to review...With that, I have eaten at both Chautara and Himal Chuli and I think both are excellent. Chautara is more expensive, boasts a more sophisticated environment and somewhat more upscale food. Personally, I prefer Himal Chuli, but that's because I love dives, and I like that I can go up and attempt to communicate with the little Nepalese woman cooking my food in the small, cramped kitchen. In that kind of place, I'm not looking for amazing service, so it doesn't bother me that they are friendly without being overly attentive. I have had a great lunch at Chautara too though. The service, food and atmosphere were excellent. Both restaurants are great places to find uncommon cuisine that appears to be very authentic. Adventurous eaters who desire a somewhat upscale experience will definitely love Chautara.
4	Turning the laws of economics on their collective heads, there are two fantastic Nepalese establishments mere feet from each other in Madison. While there is some connection between the two (I believe the same family owns both) and they both serve tasty and comforting food, the slight differences are noticeable.  Chautara clearly provides a higher end dining experience.  Less crowding, better wait service, more pleasant views.  However, folks with more respectable palates than mine claim the food at Himlu Chuli is more flavorful.  Perhaps a higher level of delicious that I can't quite discern.In any case, they're both worth a visit.
5	There is a lot to love in Chautara, a wonderfully tasty, two story, restaurant along State St. I was in town over this past weekend for a conference and with the help of local Yelper reviews, I had to check it out when I arrived. At 9pm on Friday during the Badgers' spring break Chautara was mostly empty with only about 5 tables occupied. Service was excellent with just the right amount of attention balanced with leaving us to our dinner conversation. The funny thing is that our local conference organizers took us to Chautara on Saturday night, and I was happy to return to try something else on the menu. At 6pm on Saturday the tables were full, but not so much to make our group of 18 wait more than a few minutes to set up tables. The service was equally as good and attentive with a full house as it was the night before. The food was superb, although if you like it hot, then ask for some chili paste on the site to add to your dish. On Friday I had the goat, but I can't remember the name - it was the only goat on the menu. Luscious spices and if you like your goat well cooked - you're in luck. On Saturday I had the Rogan Josh, a Kashmiri dish, also excellent. The steamed vegetarian - samosa like - appetizer was also delicious.
5	This is a great spot for the weary traveler who happens upon Madison. We dined outdoors and the service was casual but friendly and the State Street ambience very pleasant despite a bus or two and the accompanying exhaust.Both lamb dishes we tried were very flavorful, amply portioned and reasonably priced. All-in-all a nice dining experience and we'll be headed back there on our next visit.
4	very awesome food. the appetizers were the best part. we got the chef's choice vegetarian array and all dumplings, samosas etc were wonderful. seitan and tofu korma dinners were both tasty. dal was not warm which was surprising but maybe that's the way they do it in nepal.
4	My first favorite restaurant in Madison. The dal and roti are excellent and the service is great. A bit costly.
5	Thank you Yelp and Yelp members! I found this place on yelp to save me from eating at Applebee's. Bleh. My father in-law gave us a couple of choices and Applebee's was amongst the disgusting display of non-foodieness.Chautara on the other hand, what a fantastic discovery. We all ordered something we liked. Nobody ordered the wrong thing. The mother in-law side of the family are all vegetarians, so when we get a chance to go out...we grub on meat. Between us, we ordered the lamb palunga, khaya la, lamb secuwa, some talapia dish and some beef with yogurt thingy. All really good. So good that my daughter says to the server, " this is so good, and I'm a really picky eater. I'm lovin' this"I'm proud of my girl.All the entrees come with dal (lentil soup) or a really nice green salad. Service is really warm and friendly. Price is great. They have a terrific selection for those who are vegetarians. Nepalese food, good.
4	Great food....a little on the expensive side if u are out for just a casual dinner....but the food is well worth the money I think!If you are there with a special someone (of if u r not), try to get one of the tables by the window on the 2nd floor....the view of State st. is enchanting....especially around X'mas with lights on the trees.
3	3.5. After reading the rave reviews of this place my expectations for it were rather high. The appetizers my party ordered certainly got things off on the right foot. A sampling of different eggplant, potato and peanut based finger foods, all quite good, served with yogurt and a Nepali version of "salsa." One thing I noticed right off the bat was the snobbish atmosphere and the cold demeanor of the staff. The service was rather indifferent, and you were made to feel like the place is doing you some big favor by having you there. Quite frankly, this snobbish and "cooler than thou" atmosphere is something I've noticed in quite a few Madison establishments I've been in. I've come to expect this kind of treatment when I'm in Madison. Of course, if the food was all of that, then I suppose the folks at Chautara could be excused for holding themselves on a pedestal. But while my appetizers were quite good, the entree was underwhelming. Over salted, and, surprisingly, quite bland. Overall my entree, combined with the haughty atmosphere and treatment by the staff lead me to knock a couple of stars off. I give the appetizer menu the full five, though.
4	Good food.  Basically Indian, to my uneducated palate.  The mango lassie was a little dull.  The food was yummy.  Even my kids ate the entire bowl of dal.  Two people had the lamb curry and enjoyed it - I thought it was a little salty, but I didn't order it.  I had the salad with grilled chicken breast.  Next time I would ask for the citrus vinaigrette on the side because the bottom of the bowl was swimming.  We also had an order of tandoorie chicken kabob and some tofu kabob, both of which were completely eaten and enjoyed.Service was friendly with many hands to help.  The ambience has some of that State St. grunge feel.  But, you're on State St., so, duh.We enjoyed speculating as to the nature of the statue in the entrance.
4	Took some friends there to thank them for helping me move. We needed good vegetarian food and good beer within walking distance of my place, and it fit the bill perfectly. I thought the chef's choice appetizers were delicious and a great deal, as well as the beer selection and prices. The entrees were tasty too, but I've had much better indian food.Our waiter was patient and cheerful, and best of all, we ate al fresco, and the weather was so gorgeous, a man at the table next to us in his magnanimity, treated us to almond joy ice cream. mmm.
5	I'd never had Nepalese food before coming here.  Now I visit Chautara several times a month.  The food is somewhat similar to Indian, but feels much lighter.  Nothing I've ever ordered here was oily or greasy, and I never feel weighed down after a meal.  There are lots of veggies in most of the dishes, and everything has a lot of flavor, so it's a good place for vegetarians.  As an omnivore, I really appreciate that the veggie dishes are not the least bit bland or boring.  They have two choices of salad dressing: both are great, both are on the sweet side.  The vinaigrette is tangier.  Their house soup is like dal and is fantastic.  i've never had anything here that wasn't absolutely delicious.  If you are on a budget their lunches are quite affordable.  My only wish is that they had a bigger variety of (non-booze) drinks.
3	The food here is good and fresh, but it's not totally different from its next door neighbor (and sister restaurant), Himal Chuli. Chautara is the upscale one of the two (which accepts credit cards), and is a good place to take a date. Prices are on the higher side, but Himal Chuli has become more expensive as of late too, so either one is a good bet if you're looking for Nepalese-Tibetan food.
4	Stopped by for a late lunch after catching a film during the Wisconsin Film Festival.  The film was rather dark and depressing.  The stomach was empty and growling.  My sister took me here and noted she takes everyone here.The dal was ok, the samosa was great despite the sweet sauce it came floating on top of.  This is my opinion though. I'd rather coat my potato-y goodness in mint and cilantro.My dosa was pretty good and the spice was just enough, not too much.  My sister's chicken korma was good.  I was digging the gigantic chunks of potato on her plate.  I stole them while she wasn't looking.I want to bathe in the coconut chutney served on the side.Pictures of dishes posted for your viewing pleasure.  :)
2	I've come to the conclusion that this place is overrated and overpriced despite all the good things I've heard. I'm not quite sure if I'm willing to pay more than $7 for any meat curry (and they're asking for $15 or more) and I'm also not too keen with what I ate -- I felt that the curry was either too Westernized or watered down (not spicy enough, somewhat bland, had some vegetables that seemed out of place for the dish) and the chicken meat was just too rough.I've been disappointed in the two times I've been there and I personally find Himal Chuli to be the better of the two restaurants (even though I also find Himal Chuli to be overpriced).
4	Better than Himal Chuli because they have the tofu wrap lunch special. It's like $8, big, comes with dal (yay) or salad (great dressing), makes me happy before 3 pm. It's pretty much my favorite thing to eat in Madison.Otherwise, the seitan is good, the tofu buff is better. Their dal has fresher and generally more interesting ingredients than Himal Chuli. Sidenote: Service is completely unpredictable. They tip-share so I feel like they're often overworked and some people put in more effort than others, which is too bad because the food rocks.
4	Very good value, very tasty food, friendly service that seemed to become distracted towards the very end of the meal.Having never been to Nepal (but the cuisine is not strictly nepalese?) I can't judge the authenticity of the food, but my Lamb Secuwa was nicely crispy and moist, and well-complemented by a flavorful herbed rice and decent curried vegetables.  The dal was tasty but runnier than what I prefer, with subtle but well balanced flavors.  Excellent beers!
5	Really freakin awesome... A little pricey, but totally with it. At first I was disappointed that the portion I got was small, but that was just the fat American in me. The food was just right amount, wonderful relaxing ambiance, and prompt *cute* and friendly wait staff. Totally recommend.
5	Love this place. Good Nepalese food for the middle of the midwest at a good price.The restaurant has a nice modern atmosphere and outdoor seating on state street during the summer. Wait staff are very friendlyThe food is incredibly tasty, decent portions, at a good price. Definitely the best options if you are a vegetarian, but more meat options than their sister restaurant, Himal ChuliI highly recommend the Lamb Secuwa, it's perfectly spiced and incredibly flavorful.
2	Madisonian mediocrity strikes again. The equation for restaurants around here seems to be mediocre food, and small servings, at unjustified prices. The service was good, the place was cute, but seriously, nothing on the menu was worth even close to what they were charging. I know I keep talking about my sweet home Chicago, but there are several places there, where you could probably get twice the quantity, five times the quality, and all at half the price. I think in Madison, when it comes to ethnic dining, that people are so hell bent on embracing diversity through food, that all common sense about judging quality and value go out the window.
1	Molly O., don't be an apologist for mediocre food and poor value. If anything, prices in Madison should be cheaper for the simple fact that the every day cost of living here is significantly cheaper. I am being quite realistic in my assessment of Chautara being a mediocre rip off... but if by "this is Madison" you imply that it's just that folks here don't know any better, you're right.
4	The food is very tasty. My favorite tofu of all time is at this place as part of the tofu secuwa. They grill it on kebobs till it gets a light, almost flaky, texture while seated between delightful vegetables. Mmm, I have a problem ordering anything else when I go there.They have very professional service. Sometimes it's a bit slow, but they're very respectful, attentive and have yet to make a single mistake on an order; that's worth an extra minute here and there. Good for vegetarians and omnivores alike.I gave the place a 4 instead of 5 due to being a bit pricier and fancier than I generally like. If you're willing to pay a little extra for the tranquil atmosphere, more than enough elbow room around your table, and well paired wines, Chautara will probably suit you wonderfully.
4	I'm not a food expert by any means, so for me, Chautara falls under the "Indian food" umbrella. Buuut, it's by far the best "Indian food" I've ever had. the last few times I've gone, I've gotten the chicken secuwa, and it's been fantastic every time. Very flavorful, and not spicy like I worried it might be; the dal is also REALLY good.My only complaint is the cost, but that's because a college student can't really afford a $16-$18 meal all that often. For the occasional date night, though, or a dinner with family, it's great!
4	Sunday April 19. Travelling through Madison from Chicago. Yelped this little place and was nicely impressed. Chefs appetizer plate was mainly fried but tasty. Entree would have been the perfect amount of food. Side daal or salad served before meal. Goat curry was mild, tender and tasty. Simple atmosphere. Fast and friendly service. Would go here all the time if it were in my own neighbourhood.
5	I've never actually been to a proper Nepalese/Himilayan restaurant, and so when the opportunity to try one in Madison came up I was intrigued.The food was awesome!We started with an appetizer of  cauliflower battered with garbanzo baste and fried with a spice tomato dipping sauce, followed by a Vegetarian Lentil soup with chunky tomatoes and onions.  We ordered as well a curried chicken burrito with greens and seasoning and basmati rice but it was too much to eat so we took it to go.Gotta mention the lemonade -- very fragrant and light, and free refills!We loved Chautara, I'd be happy to go back!
4	This was the first time I've actually ever heard of a Nepalese/Himalayan Restaurant so I was happy to know the company I was interviewing for decided to bring us here for dinner.My order consisted of Momocha and Mumari for appetizers and Khasi Ko Masu as an entree.The Momocha was basically a steamed vegetable dumpling served with a side sauce. For me, it tasted very much like any other vegetable dumpling so if you want to be more adventurous, I'd recommend ordering the Mumari.The Mumari is a mung bean pattie spiced with garlic and ginger served with a side of yogurt sauce two other sauces that I couldn't figure out. The patty was crunchy and not greasy at all. Adding the yogurt and the two other sauces really completed the flavor due to the creaminess and very slightly sourness of the yogurt but the freshness and earthiness of the two other sauces.Last, I had the Khasi Ko Masu as per the recommendation of the server. Khasi Ko Masu uses goat meat with a blend of curry and vegetables. I was actually pretty excited to order this since I've never had goat meat before and the goat that was used was farm raised in Wisconsin. The goat meat was tender and fell of the bone easily. Goat meat definitely tastes much different than any other meat I've had but the cut of meat I was served resembled beef short ribs. I would say that goat meat is like beef but much more earthier. The blend of curry spices and vegetables was a nice addition to the dish, adding so many layers of flavors and textures.In total, this place was a good find and a great place for an Asian like me to experience so many different foods prepared in various ways. A great place to go to if you are vegetarian as well.
1	Disclaimer: This is based pretty much on service.I went here with my mom before going to Wicked. It was 5:00pm and the show was at 7:00. We told the waitress we were on slight time constraints and she seemed to understand.We started off by ordering the chef's appetizer. A mix of appetizers for two people. That came up in maybe 10 minutes. The actual appetizer was pretty good, although mostly fried, which is a downside. We ordered our entree at the same time as the appetizer. We decided to split a shrimp/scallop dish. After receiving our appetizer we waited for THIRTY MINUTES. The waitress didn't stop by. Didn't say anything. So we just sat and talked and picked at the appetizer. Finally she came over and said "we ran out of scallops, do you want to order something else?"At this point I was pretty annoyed that 40 minutes after ordering she tells us the item is out. So I told her, "we've been sitting here 30 minutes and you just now tell us?" She replies, "I was waiting for you to finish your appetizer before putting in the dinner order."WHAT?? I've been a waitress before. I understand pacing a meal. She should have put in the dinner order when she delivered the appetizer. Not to mention we had been finished with the appetizer for 20 minutes before she came over. Had she stopped by the table or asked she would have known that.So we left. At that time it was already 6:00, so we only had an hour before show time and the restaurant was starting to get busy. I've heard great things about Himal Chuli so I may give that a try, but I won't be back here.
4	You know you're in for a good meal when they nail the simple things.  The dal that came as an app was a perfect blend of textures and flavors.  After that, a local pale Ale balanced off the lean and tender goat beautifully. Loved it!
4	This was my first experience with Nepalese food - it's similar to Indian food, but what we ordered was less saucy than Indian food. I highly recommend the Chef's Choice appetizer plate, the dal, and the fish dishes. The chicken tandoori also looked delicious! Service was just ok, but the food was delicious and healthy! This restaurant is an expansion of Himal Chuli a few doors down.
2	We were up in the capital protesting the Repair Budget Bill, and needed to get warm and eat.  We only waited about 10 minutes and the staff was very courteous.  I ordered the curry lamb, it was small in portion, served with white rice.  The lamb was quite tasty, but the sauce was more of a cream sauce then a curry.  Hardly any spice. I ordered roti and what came out look more like a fried pita.  No sauces for the bread.  My friends ordered a tofu sandwich, again on a Pita and Marsala Dosa.  They enjoyed them and the meal filled them up and we did get warm. Probably would not go back though.
4	First time here for dinner, based on reviews from a friend (her fav). Saturday night, made reservations, but not necessarily needed (it was only slightly busy). My date and I had our preference of tables upstairs, though ended up between two large groups (but okay, because it never got too loud). The ambiance was perfect and our waitress was probably one of the best I've ever had. Got a bottle of wine (decent price for the choice), and started with the Chef's Choice app. A great starter, though we had to pay for two. The waitress gave us her favorite menu item (Rogan Josh, which my date ordered), and I got the Beef Secuwa. The best part was the waitress waited until our app was done before bringing salads, and waited to bring the entree until we finished the salads. Finally, a place I didn't fee rushed to eat my food! The food had just the right amount of flavor and was cooked well. Portion size was good for the money, and leftovers were taken home. I'll be back to try more menu items!
5	While looking for a different restaurant, we came upon this one, and stopped in for a quick dinner.  Although the attitude of one of the waitstaff was a bit offputting, we got good care from our waitress, and the food was delicious.  Light, tasty, spiced nicely without severe heat, I'd be back there in a flash.  If I lived here, this one would be a place that I'd probably visit at least twice monthly.
4	We ate here on a business trip and were very pleased. I had the Bandipuri and my partner had Khaya La, and both were excellent. The dal was a little bland, but the waiter provided some hot chili paste and that fixed that. They also gave me a glass of ice to pour my hot chai into -- it's Wisconsin, the idea of iced chai is apparently not something they'd thought of. :-) We split an order of kheer for dessert; it was average, with a little less cinnamon/cardamom than I'm used to.  If you like mid-continent Asian food, you're sure to find something good to eat here.
1	I went here rather than Himal Chuli because I had a friend in town that doesn't like spicy food. This was the right place! Everything was bland and about 1/4 as good as Himal Chuli. It was way over-priced for what it was and I won't go back unless I need to feed someone with bland tastes and or an inexperienced palette. The momocha were tiny and tasteless, soy sauce was the dominant flavoring and I could have made all of these dishes at home. Don't waste your money on this place if you like tasty, well-seasoned food.
1	The food is great, but there are equally good and cheaper places nearby. I also saw management ream a poor server for having trouble opening the wine. Over react much? And if you must, don't lose it in front of the customers please. Makes a very uncomfortable dining experience for my friends and me.
4	Great food.
3	It's fine.  I was expecting and wanting more.  My husband is from India via UK and he said it was ok.Nothing spectacular. Very midwest.That's all.
3	A fairly nice and cozy restaurant, by Midwest / Wisconsin standard.I came with a friend of mind and we had samosa, dal, pangulo kha and another dish with lamb. The samosa and dal was so-so but the chicken (pangulo kha) and lamb was pretty good. It's a lil pricey though for the place ~ $40/2 with only water. I can find better food for less in Chicago.
3	I wish I could give this place a 4! But the flavor just wasn't there, nor the portions for the price. This restaurant is on State St. and definitely has a hide-away on State St. feel. I did appreciate that there were about 5 vegetarian options. They also have sampler dinner platters for $25/person. I ordered the paneer dish (I can't recall if it was Chana or Masala paneer). I did like that all entrees came with choice of soup or salad. We ordered one of each. The lentil soup was very good, nice spices and depth. The salad was nice, a normal side salad. Fresh ingredients. I was disappointed in my entree. It was $12, came with a scoop of rice (maybe 2/3 c, which is fine for my waist line) and the dish itself was mostly paneer. It desperately needed two things: vegetables, and more spices! The paneer was delicious and hot, but it was a LOT of paneer (probably 8-10 ounces, which would be about 1000 calories from the cheese alone) and no veggies. There was a bit of tomato (perhaps 1 tablespoon...). The sauce was very minimal (just barely coating the cheese). Dinner companion (boyfriend) had some lamb dish and said it was okay but also seriously lacked flavor, and we agreed on 3 stars. We also had lassis, one mango and one strawberry. They did taste homemade. They were much thinner than a regular lassi, so I decided to believe this meant fewer calories. The bill came to $40. It felt like too much for what we got and the serious lack of flavor and spice.
1	While the food here isn't bad, I am practically duty-bound to leave a 1-star review for Chautara due to the unacceptably poor level of service I received one Saturday afternoon. I had such a terrible dining experience here that a friend and I actually got up and walked back to the kitchen to complain about how poor of a job they were doing. It takes a lot for me to vocalize directly to the restaurant staff that they're ruining my meal, because of how painful and uncomfortable of an experience it is for both parties. I also hate that I'll end up manipulating my way into (or having my opinion manipulated by) a comped check; yet this was such an incredibly embarrassing and infuriating waste of time that I was outraged by the $9 discount they offered for me my trouble.Their response to a clearly-upset customer was to hand me an order ticket and have me write my complaints in the empty space on the back. So I had to return to my table and scribble down all their problems for them, while I should have been enjoying my own meal that they had failed to deliver up to this point. I promptly ran out of space on the ticket and handed it back to them, and watched them pin it up on the wall next to their take out orders. At no point was I even offered the chance to speak with a manager.We had come here with a friend who was gluten-intolerant, on the recommendation of a local gluten-free group's listing of "gluten-free-friendly" restaurants in Madison (I've since e-mailed them to recommend they remove Chautara). They had apparently been mistaken, because when asked about the menu the server was practically clueless as to what it meant nor could he fetch someone that did know. After insisting that 90% of the menu contains gluten and shrugging (i.e. not offering any alternatives), my friend ultimately ended up ordering the salmon salad. That is, until the server returned about TWENTY MINUTES LATER to inform her that they could not fry up a piece of salmon without using gluten - why I can do this in my kitchen at home, but a bunch of trained chefs at a restaurant cannot do so, is beyond my comprehension. It also blows my mind how the waiter could not be bothered to go back to the kitchen and say "hey guys, remember how we got accolades for accommodating gluten-free customers? Can we do whatever we did then and whip up something for her that has no gluten?"  Nope. I'm just gonna stand here like an idiot and shrug at her. The lack of flexibility was appalling. Even McDonald's will change up my burger if I ask.So, about 45 minutes in, we receive our fucking appetizers. They're decent but I can't even notice because at this point I'm so seething mad about how long the food has taken and how I've brought my friend to a restaurant where the waiter insults her. Main course shows up maybe another half hour later, and my friend's plate (a plain salad) twenty minutes after that.The thing is, when you have a really good meal at a really bad restaurant, your customer isn't going to remember you for the food. They're going to remember you for the abuse you put them through, and so the details of my meal are inconsequential to this review. Keep in mind that my friend's unusual diet was not the root of our problems. It was the unbelievably slow and unprofessional service, which affected every customer who was present that day. At one point someone saw the aforementioned salad being assembled leaf-by-leaf. When a customer walks in to your restaurant they're not just a bag of money - they are also choosing to invest 30-45 minutes of their time for you. When you rip a customer off for their time, thus making the experience the opposite of what they expected, it is far less forgivable than ripping them off for their money. At least the menu has prices to narrow the disparity between expectations and reality.I walked out of the restaurant two hours after I had entered, regretting that I had ever come there and swearing that I and hopefully nobody I know will ever go there again.
5	Wow!  I am gluten intolerant and had a great meal here.  The servers were super accommodating.  I'll definitely be back!
5	Great food!  Try the Secuwa!
3	I was thrilled to find a place that does dosas in Madison. I was disappointed when my dosa was somehow dry and soggy at the same time. My dal was delicious. My dining companion's paneer dish was decent. The restaurant interior is gorgeous. I'd come back to try other options, including the Nepalese side of the menu.
1	Blah! Why are you here, when you could be literally next door at Himal Chuli eating the same food for less in a friendlier atmosphere?Doink, only go here if you want to impress your business partners, not if you want to actually enjoy yourself.
3	T: You have hard liquor right? Not just beer and wine? CHAUTARA: Uhm, not really. T: You don't have a fully stocked bar? CHAUTARA: Uhm, I guess we have liquor but we don't have a bartender, so there's like nobody here that can do anything with it. T: If I walk you through it, can YOU do it? CHAUTARA: Oh, yeah, yeah I can do that. And yeah, yeah, you can do Chautara, but I'd say save some dollah dollah bills and head down the block to Himal Chuli. There's was nothing bad about our experience, I just feel as though the evening at Himal Chuli is a touch more authentic, the space itself is cooler and it's more cost effective if you're sharing multiple plates. The menu at Chautara is a touch limited but super accessible for someone just trying out Nepalese for the first time. We totally dug the starters though. About 6 plates large enough to share, too large if you're getting an entree. I'll head back and maybe stick to that side of the menu, the larger entrees didn't leave as large of an impression.
5	Great food, good service. Nice wines. I love the tofu secuwa and the dal soup.
2	Decent food+bad service+bad value= two stars.I went to Chautara with a group of seven or eight people.  It was very crowded and the waiter was running around like a mad man.  Taking orders felt more like an interrogation, and while I would have liked to order another beer he never asked.  One member of our party didn't get his entree until they were clearing everyone else's plate (to their credit, they comped his meal-- it definitely would have been one star without that).The food was actually pretty tasty-- I ordered lamb korma and enjoyed it.  But the portion sizes were very small and the price (16$) was completely outrageous for three small chunks of lamb and white rice.  I definitely won't be going back.
5	I went here for dinner (on a Monday night) on the recommendation of a friend.  Was planning to order something veggie, and all their veggie options were appealing...  but when I saw the Khasi Ko Masu  I couldn't pass it up.  (I love love love eating goat!)(KHASI KO MASU $17Wisconsin farm rasied goat meat, a favorite dish of the Himalayan region. Prepared bone-in, in a home blend of curry sauce with tomatoes and cilantro with a side of sauteed vegetables. Served with rice and choice of dal or salad.)I had it with dal and Chiya (pronounced Chai-uh, not chia....  don't make the same mistakes as me....) which is a sort of milk tea.The dal was more like a soup than the Indian version of Daal.  It was excellent...  spicy, temperature-hot, and had a variety of veggie and beany textures in it.  I could imagine this being an excellent cure for the common cold or stomach pangs.   Chiya was fine, it's not all honeyed and spiced up the way Indian chai is, but it was nice, warm, refreshing.  The goat was one of the best goat-meals I've ever had.  The menu says "bone in" but mine didn't have any bones.  It was soft as pot-roast, excellently spiced, perfect portion size.  Maybe a little expensive, but hey, the place is right downtown, it's very nice inside.  Service was excellent.  Haters gonna hate, but I loved this place.  Next time I'm in Madison I'll have to try Himal Chuli and see what the fuss is all about...  but Chautara's goat is going to be hard to top.
4	I had such a great lunch here!No, I'm not an expert on cuisine from Nepal...but this was good enough for me to keep trying other places like this.  I went on a Thursday around 2pm for lunch.  It was completely empty, so my service was great!  The food took a while to come out; but when it did it was super delicious.I love how you can get dal or salad.  The dal had just the right amount of kick, and was so lovely with the depth of other spices.  For my entree, I ordered the steak kebab with fire roasted veggies and rice.  The steak had a crazy good garlic sauce on top.  I'm going to try to imitate it at home!  Veggies were great, and the rice was so flavorful.The prices were good, and my waitress was very friendly.  I definitely recommend this place for a fun lunch!
5	I went here today not knowing what to expect. The service was a tad slow, but the amazing food made up for that. I ordered a Chicken Tandoori and my husband had a dish with curry sauce. We also had an order of bread. We were both blown away by the quality of the food and the many flavors found in the dishes. The bread was nice and buttery. I will definitely be returning here in the future.
3	I have to say, not real impressed. Was super excited about trying Nepalese food for the first time, BUT-The mango lassi was lukewarm.-The dal was lukewarm.-My saag was blandish. I used salt (I NEVER use salt).The samosa was yummy, but it was the boyfriend's. He said his chicken dish was decent, so maybe I just lucked out last night.The server seemed a bit panicked and it was hard to pin her down for more than 10 secs at a time. Not her fault, but the place seemed under-staffed.Meh.
