5	Five stars all around...the food, the service, the atmosphere, the wine...Bradley Ogden is an incredible dining experience. Our food was cooked perfectly, and everything was absolutely delicious. I had the scallops, which were light, refreshing, and totally satisfying. The wine list was fantastic too...they had two of my favorite chardonnays by the glass, but I opted for a glass of Zinfandel (Tobin James) that our server suggested. LOVED it.I'll make it a point to visit Bradley Ogden every time I'm in Vegas!
5	Had a great experience at this Bay Area chef's recent (or pretty recent) foray into the world of the Las Vegas mega-casino restaurant. Can't recall specific prices too well for this meal, so I'll apologize for not being too helpful in that area. The service was spot-on, with me placing our order based on most of our server's suggestions. The four of us started with two appetizers: a bluefin tuna sashimi and the fried frog legs. The first was your standard sashimi appetizer at a high-end restaurant, but the second course was amazing. Perhaps one of the best single dishes I've ever tasted. The meat itself was incredibly light and moist, and it was perfectly fried and seasoned. It was accompanied by some sauce I've since forgotten about, but that was good also :) And since some at the table were wary, the remaining two of us got the whole dish to ourselves. Our entrees were light: scallops, sturgeon, chicken, and hake (a light fish). All were excellent- my hake was perfectly flaky. All of this was accompanied by a great riesling suggested by the waitress as well. (To echo another reviewer, the wine list is very expansive and features lots of CA, OR, and WA selection- priced from $50 to $9000)We again had our server suggest desserts and we ordered their four best, including a lemon tart, an apple crisp, and two chocolate desserts. I'm not a one for lemon, but the other three were pretty fantastic (especially because they all came with an ice cream). And at the end of the meal, we were presented with their butterscotch pudding as a very nice finishing touch. You will be absolutely stuffed at the end of the meal, so leave plenty of time to enjoy to tea or coffee before you have to rush off to a show.Other reviewers are right- the restaurant is located in one of the busiest parts of Cesars, but none of the outside noise traveled into the restaurant at all. In fact, it had a very soothing art-deco meets zen type decor about it. How very California.
4	Ok so I kept meaning to write a review and then it never happened and then a long time passed so ...I can't remember anything. Ok, I can, but not in huge detail like some other freaks here. I should admit that I am generally one of those freaks, so I apologize for NOT being a freak here and you may slap me with a cornbread muffin if that makes you feel --ANYWAY! What I DO remember:Dark woods, gleaming glass and silverware, quiet enclave, group dinner. Startled, cute-ish white male waiter in his smart suit, tending to our grandiose demands with a charmed look of shock and rolling along with us all quite gamely.Male Asian friends flossing with their Rolies and Tag Heuerwerses. Me and my female friends with our cleavage all out, our hair all done up, our jewelry and lips shining at equal wattage, teeth flashing in laughter and expectation of SUCH good food and SUCH good dancing to come, and it's only 9:30 pm at night and the night is oh so young.And a bottle of SOME fricken white wine our gourmand pinoy boy (my foodie soulmate) ordered that got us ALL in trouble because none of us could walk straight to the bathroom down the sexy restaurant hallway, and our breasts kept startling the wankers over 40 heading back down the hallways to their plastic, sourpussed wives (puss having more than one meaning, eh? EH?!).We were regal, we were generous, we were laughing, we were Vegas - as others have posted, sex, great food, great wine, great service. The only dish I remember was the risotto, I think there was blue cheese in it, or maybe that was a mushroom risotto and the blue cheese was the souffle but either way godd*mmit I was in heaven and my mouth was having sex with the food and the wine and we were giddy and our lightweight resident Asian girl was a giggling nonsensical mess.We were all in that magical state of just shy of stupidity, just before drunkenness actually hits, the kind of sly stupor a really hot makeout kiss gets you into, on the verge of dumb enough to have sex when you shouldn't or where you shouldn't, pheromones and seratonin, a happy place that only great food and friends and talk and wine and ambiance can bring you to.We were there. I can't promise anything, but you might try it. Order a couple really good bottles of wine and bring out the cleavage and the Rolies. Vegas misses you.
3	This New American restaurant has gotten all sorts of awards.  Based on my sole experience, I'm not sure I agree.  The Blue Cheese Souffle appetizer was excellent, but the crispy sea bass was merely good, as was the apple sampling for dessert.  Not worth the very high tariff.
4	I had the wagu beef and it melted in my mouth, but too bad there wasn't much.  You would imagine that they would give you a little more for $135.  Oh well.  the amuse bush was awesome being the first time I've ever had that.  The Blue Cheese Souffle appetizer tasted heavenly divine.The decor is really nice, but then again it is in Caesars Palace in Vegas and almost every restaurant there is nice.  Only problem with this place was the portion size.  Make sure you get butter when them rolls.
3	I have to preface this review by saying that I only went to the bar for a pre-show cocktail and appetizer.  My friend and I were staying at Caesar's and had heard great things about this restaurant.  Since we didn't have time to actually eat dinner there that night, we wanted to at least stop in for a drink and to taste something from the menu.  The first thing that caught my eye on the drink menu was a Strawberry Basil Mojito.  Being a big fan of basil, I knew I had to try the drink.  So I ordered it and the bartender started making the drink in front of me.  I tell my friend that I'm so excited to have a drink with basil in it (and the bartender must have heard me because she was looking right at me when I said it).  A minute later she hands me my drink and says "sorry, we don't have any basil so I just made it without it."  Wait a minute!!!!  Isn't this something you should tell the customer (especially a customer who wouldn't shut up about basil) BEFORE you make the drink so that the customer can decide if she really still wants that drink?  I would think so.  Anyways, I tried the drink and it was definitely missing something.  It just tasted like some mushed up strawberries and sweet and sour mix.  So, I then asked her if she had some mint I could put into it because it definitely needed something.  She found some mint and took my drink, poured it back into the shaker, added the mint and TONS of soda.  She shook it up and strained it into the glass and then added more soda on top.  So, basically there was really no alcohol left in this $16 drink and it was extremely watered down.  To be fair though, once I tasted the rock shrimp appetizer from the bar menu, all negative thoughts about my cocktail experience flew out the door - the shrimp was amazing.  All in all, I would love to try this restaurant for dinner next time I'm in Vegas.  I'll definitely stick with just ordering a glass of wine with dinner - hopefully the bartender won't be able to mess that up!
5	OK. Hands down.  One of the best place I've ever dined.My friend E. and I walked by here last weekend and thought it would be nice to have dinner here.  We had no problem making a reservation for Sunday at 7pm.When we got here, we were offered immediate seating but chose to spend some time in the bar.  While there, I checked out the decor which consisted of wood paneling and ocean scenes lit by back lighting.  The effect was clean and modern.After a few minutes, we decided to start the dinner and were seated within a booth.  We were greeted by the awesome Rebecca who was friendly but not overly nosy (trust me, this is a fine line).We started with a couple of appetizers and used the time to decide on our entrees.  For the appetizers, we had the crab cakes as well lobster with coconut cream.  The plates had nice presentations and the pairings, both color and taste, were totally out of this world.We then decided to share the butternut squash soup, and the server was nice enough to pour it into two bowls.  And that was yummy too.Oh, almost forgot to mention the bread.  There are three choices of bread: dinner roll, blue corn muffin, sourdough.  Always served warm.  OMG.  I couldn't stop eating them.  Soooo good....For dinner, E had the Alaskan black cod which was cooked in such a way that it had a caramelized crispy outer 'shell'.  Absolutely heavenly.  I had the sea scallops which were seared just right.For dessert, we had the chocolate mint brownie mousse three layer cake (forgot the name) which was very good.We ended up spending three hours in there and got to meet the chef and the GM, both of whom were super friendly.  Everything was fantastic - the food, the service and the ambiance.  A word of warning though, make sure you save up for this place. It's quite expensive.  Fortunately for me, E paid for it.  Lucky me.  :-)
5	Here's a tip, for the best hamburger in Las Vegas, go to Bradley Ogden.  Based on a friend's suggestion,  we came here during Xmas and ordered off their bar menu, which is more casual and more affordable  than their main dining menu  The burger is part of a prixe fixe menu, where for 30 bucks you get a salad, entree, and desert.  The staff was very accommodating when we asked if we could split two entrees  among our group of four.  We requested caesar salad and Ogden does an unique twist on it.  They serve large pieces of romaine, nicely flavored with the dressing, and a nice bit of anchovy and garlic.  This is topped by a generous portion of shaved Parmesan.The burger is extremely flavorful, and is served with condiments on the side, including ketchup and mustard.  Also included is a generous serving of excellent fries.For desert, we had some amazing butter scotch pudding (high praise from me, who doesn't really go for pudding).Even splitting the meal, we were all well satisfied.  We'll definitely be back here on our next visit to Sin City.
4	I would give this 4.5 stars if I could.  This 1-star Michelin-rated restaurant had fantastic service and amazing salads.  The ribeye was also one of the best I've tried.  Some key highlights: --Salads - Very fresh greens.  Everyone in my party was raving about it. --Maine Lobster with pierogis and beets - I chose this entree and it was really nicely presented.  Sadly, the lobster tasted a bit bland.  The beets were very fresh though, and the dish overall was passable. --Halibut - My friend tried the halibut, but it was also only average. --Ribeye - Definitely the best dish at the table!  Absolutely perfectly cooked with the right level of pink and juiciness.  Sometimes when you eat steak, you get tired of eating the same thing halfway through.  With this ribeye steak though, you keep wanting more.  It's also enormous, so it's a good value. --Wine - The wine was good, but the waitress pretty much said every wine on the menu was good.  It would have been helpful to have a sommelier advise us on what dishes would go best with our dishes.--Service was really amazing.  Our waitress was super friendly, and definitely deserved a big tip.
5	Actually went over to the bar Friday night with friends -- it's always a great place to visit and catch up.  Realized we were hungry so decided to have a bite.  The bar menu is limited -- but a perfect mix of dishes designed to soak up excess alcohol...in Vegas?  imagine that?  So, couldn't resist, I had the cheeseburger...because last week Alan Richman, the GQ restaurant critic told me it was the best burger he'd ever eaten...was a little suspect nonetheless.  But boy, was he right -- John Kurtas, too.Amazing -- not sure how a burger can be that good, but it was.So much so that it haunts me.   p.s.  Bradley is no longer involved -- and his son Bryan has left for LA -- not sure what exactly went down...but I'm sure there's a good story behind the stoves.  I'd go back again tho for that burger...  And nope -- no idea how much it cost -- doesn't matter, it was that good...
4	the big dinner our bride chooses for her bachelorette weekend is bradley ogden inside caesars palace.  a few weeks in advance, she could only get a reservation on a saturday night for either 5pm or 9pm.  she opts for 9pm.  anxious to proceed to our girls night out, we arrive 30 minutes early, and luckily, they were able to seat us about 10 minutes later.our party of 9 was seated in this room near the front window that had another table of 9 (just about to leave): 8 ladies and 1 man....all over the age of 60.  i couldn't help but think, that could be us in 30 years (minus the old man of course).  so cute!  we were all dolled up and our bride was wearing a crown and a sash, so of course we were drawing attention.  when they left, one of the ladies came and asked what we were celebrating...we told her.  she complimented us, telling us how beautiful we were (awww.....).  then she said "are you all related?  you all look alike."  okay, so sweet, but so wrong.  granted, we were all asian, but you had 2 japanese girls, 3 vietnamese girls, and 4 chinese girls.  poor sweet old lady.  if it were anyone else, i would've busted out my "not all asians look alike" comment.  when you're shelling out this amount of dough in a fancy restaurant, the thing that puts it over (other than the food), is the service.  our waitress was superb!  she took her time with us, but could tell we weren't in to close the place, so even asked us if we needed to be somewhere at a certain time.  we told her we had plans so she took excellent care to not let courses drag, and not rush us either.  she even helped us play a couple of the "bachelorette games" with us.  the sommelle (is that how you spell the name for the wine guy?), comes to recommend a wine.  we order our food.  the bread guy comes to each of us and offers us three choices.  i love that they were big enough only for 2-3 bites, so you could taste all three of them.  there was a sourdough, a mini regular roll and a blue corn muffin.  i loved them all, but the muffin was my favorite.either it was because the menu wasn't very large or we gals all have the same taste, because 3 of us ordered lobster, 3 ordered the rib eye, and 3 ordered the burger (from the lounge menu which was more "casual" and cheaper).  the lobster looked tiny when it arrived, but i couldn't believe how much meat there was.  our waitress called it the "lazy man's lobster" since it's already popped out of the shell for you.  i'd never had beets before and paired with the lobster, it was yummy!  i took a bite of the rib eye too which was good, but i'm still not a steak lover.  the gals who got the burgers said it was really good, and the fries too.we didn't order dessert, but we ended our dinner with vodka shots w/a pickle chaser.  yes.....here is where i learned that a pickle chaser helps when taking vodka shots.i wouldn't dine here for any old night, but for a special occasion, i'd definitely recommend bradley ogden.
4	I ended up here by accident, more like by process of elimination because all other places in Vegas seemed to have a long wait without a prior reservation. But I'm glad I ended up here because the meal and service were top notch. I had the bison medium rare and it was fantastic. It wasn't over seasoned with any sauce to let the natural aroma breathe through, and it was very juicy. I also tried their frog legs which was unlike any other frog legs I had in the past. It didn't even look like a frog leg because it was cut into small morsels and flavored very well. Unlike most frog legs which taste like chicken, this one tasted more like a juicier version of scallops. Fantastic!!! Even their complimentary bread was excellent. You gotta try the mini blue corn muffins. They are super moist and flavorful. Only reason I'm giving this a 4 rating is because I haven't tried enough items on their menu to give it a 5. But all in all, it's an excellent restaurant with great service.
4	It's definitely pricey but the foie gras and kobe beef are absolutely delicious. The bar has a nice selection of martinis and there's a nice waiting area to lounge before getting seated..The iceberg salad is ok, nothing special. Their lobster bisque is pretty good. The service is excellent and the chef gave us a complimentary dessert :)
5	Just got back from Vegas and while I am not yet fully recovered.  I do remember that this was the best restaurant I ate at.  A formal, yet relaxed atmosphere, exceptional service, and amazing food. The price fixe was a pretty good deal - around $50 for an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I had the ceasar salad, which was whole lettuce leaves covered in dressing and topped with homemade crutons.  A great starter.  The entree was the star of the show.  I went with the chicken.  I thought it would be just a plain chicken dish, but this was honestly the BEST chicken I have ever had.  It was crispy on the outside but still tender and juicy on the inside.  The seasoning was a perfect combination of salt, pepper and other spices.  I am still amazed that chicken could be this good.  There were also mushrooms on the side that complemented the meal very well.The scallops were HUGE and very good.  They did not taste fishy and pratically melted in your mouth.  The dessert was a three scoop ice cream dish.  You can't go wrong with ice cream.  They also gave us a butterscotch mousse dessert that almost put me over the edge.The wine list is pretty pricey, so I went with a glass of wine (Malbec).  It was a very generous pour - probably a glass and half, so that was a nice touch.I HIGHLY recommend eating here.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
1	How many different ways can I say "food poisoning".  I know...it's shocking...a Michelin star and all....but it's true.  The only thing I ate that my husband did not was their "signature" Maytag blue cheese souffle.  I woke up the morning after regretting ever having stepped into the restaurant.  It was violent.  I guess it can happen anywhere.  To tell you the truth, the most shocking part of the experience was the total apathy of the restaurant management.  I called to inquire & let them know.  They promptly referred me to "security", who referred me to "risk management", who blew me off.  I guess they won't respond unless my lawyer calls.  Craziness.
5	Wonderful ending to a fantastic night.....As we're all piling out of the Cher concert at the Colosseum, the immediate thought of FOOD comes to mindAfter perusing the many menus of different Hotel restaurants, throughout the day, to plan our evening nosh, we quickly came to discover that most do not cater to the veggie...........WTF?!?!Even the "famous" Michael Mina restaurants (like Nob Hill) didn't even offer ONE veggie meal.....I mean, come on - if you're supposed to be the "SF Experience" in restaurants & don't offer 1 measly veggie dish than you are NOT representing, my friendAnyway, walked over to Bradley & see a few veggie appies & an entree that sounded yummilicious so enter we do to happily discover we can be seated in 10 minutes....YAYWaitress was super nice, jovial, & made fab-o dessert recommendationsTo start us off, the Bar made me an interpretative Bellini & it was deeeelishHomemade WARM breads circulate around to appease us while we're eagerly awaiting our delicaciesSis had the Blue Cheese Souffle & Eggplant w/ Crispy Tofu & it was heavenly.  The tofu was just spicy enough & super crispy - which is just the way we like it!I opted for the Heirloom Tomato & Beet Salad & the Blue Cheese Souffle & both were *extremely* tastyDessert consisted of the Banana-Claffouti for Sis w/ its caramelized naners & PB ice-creamI had the Almond Butter-Cake w/ the Almond Toffee & Caramel ice-cream & it was outstandingAfter all is said & done & the bill arrives, you're treated to a homemade Butterscotch Pudding that is absolutely 2-die-4.  Rich & creamy w/ tons of vanilla seeds all over the place!While some may think Bradley Ogden is too expensive, we thought prices were reasonable but then again, we're used to SF
5	Wow.  Thanks to the incredible generosity of my friend's family I had one of the most extravagant meals of my life here.  We were given a sample of ALL the appetizers.  The heirloom tomato salad and the caviar were my favorites.  The tomatoes were so sweet and the caviar tasted just salty enough without being overpowering.  It was my first taste of foie gras and well, to my untrained palate it tasted like a runny cheese, heh.  I got the halibut which was nicely done with some marble potatoes.  I have to admit though, all the flavors of the appetizers made it almost too subtle.  OH-and the Kobe beef!   It was a teeny bit salty (I'm a little sensitive to salt though) but it was absolutely delicious.  Tender and great to chew on.  We were given a complimentary dessert-a shot class of butterscotch pudding with nuts (YUM!)  Needless to say-we were stuffed silly and in awe of the nice food we had.  The service was very friendly and non-pretentious.  A truly memorable experience
4	Food was good and we got a great deal.While staying in Vegas for the long weekend, I read in one of those advertising booklet that Las Vegas has something called Restaurant Week.  It's like Dine about Town in San Francisco when restaurants have prix fixe meals at super bargain prices.  Restaurant Week ran from Sept 1-7 and a list of restaurants offered three-course meals running from $25.08 to $50.08.I made an 8p reservation on the same day during the mid-afternoon.  They needed a credit card to hold the reservation which could not be cancelled less than 2hrs in advance.  I don't know what they'd charge otherwise.  Since Monday is probably the slowest day in Vegas, the restaurant was quite empty and didn't fill up until 930p or so.  When we first arrived, my husband and I were led to a booth with lush leather seats.  He pointed out how we didn't have to brush any breadcrumbs off the cushion like usual.  Well, we don't usually go to such a fancy restaurant either.We chose the 3-course prix fixe special and added an entree:Tuna Tartar in Clear Tomato Juice - A free amuse bouche!  I ate it before I remembered to take a picture.  Sorry.  The most interesting part was the tomato juice which was very good.Cheese Souffle w/ Watercrest - I've never had souffle before.  It looked like a mini-muffin, cut like moist cake, and tasted like cheese.  Fantastic.  Watercrest was a little spicy.  I didn't recognize the taste of the vegetables but I ate them all anyway.Seared Scallops w/ Sweet Yellow Corn Sauce - Perfectly cooked scallops but the flavorful sauce stole the show.Pork Loin w/ Mushroom (and some sort of dough-y bits) - Excellent.  The best way I can describe it is "really great steak", except it's pork.  I had no idea that not all pork was created equal.  It was just a great piece of meat that happened to be perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I suppose pork is an art just like steak has different grades.Coconut Rum Cake w/ Vanilla Bean Ice-cream - The cake turned out better than I thought because I don't really like rum and I didn't taste any!  The coconut cake was good.  The ice-cream was just ice-cream (unless maybe if they gave me more...).  Little bits of peaches, possibly dipped/simmered in simple syrup, was very tasty.  The little sprouts are kinda strange tasting so I picked them out.Butterscotch Mousse w/ Whipped Cream and Walnuts - Another freebie!  Super buttery taste but we just couldn't finish the little shot glasses because we were just so darn full.  Will have to remember to avoid the bread next time but the spreadable butter was hard to resist.My husband and I don't drink so we had two ice teas and a coffee.  Total tap: $112 plus tips.  That deal is probably impossible any other time at such a fancy place.
5	I have to admit that I actually did not plan in advance to dine here.  For me, fine dining is a process that requires a tremendous deal of forethought.  I research possible restaurants, reading menus, looking at reviews on Yelp and Chow; and when I've narrowed it down to that one special place, I make the reservation.  Then, finally, comes the certain mindset that prepares me for the consumption of a memorable meal.  We arrived in Vegas much later than intended and ended up at Bradley Ogden because it was one of the few restaurants still open that Friday night in Caesar's Palace.  Impromptu fine dining totally throws me off.Since dinner was already spontaneous, we decided to sit in the adjoining lounge for our meal.  I was afraid that the service would be poor since we definitely weren't dressed for the occasion but the staff was very accommodating and our waitress was extremely attentive. Although I did feel that the service wasn't entirely sincere. Our complimentary bread consisted of a blue corn muffin and a dinner roll.  The corn muffin was springy, soft and delicious with corn bits distributed throughout.  As for the dinner roll, I would have traded it for another corn muffin.I opted out of the tasting menu but made up for it with an appetizer of Hudson Valley foie gras torchon.  I'm sure it was meant to be shared because the mere dimensions of it widened my eyes with surprise.  It was a sizable round that was served with a black mission fig tart, bacon power, shallot confit and a center of foam.  The foie gras was extremely, extremely rich and I found myself wanting more of the tart towards the end.  It was hard to conserve the mouthwatering tart for the foie gras.Old habits die hard but I veered from fish and indulged myself in some red meat in the form of oak grilled prime rib eye, medium rare, with sides of baby carrots, Bloomsdale spinach, and red wine essence.  This rib eye was really something -- I rarely say this but it was probably one of the best pieces of cow I've ever had.  The meat was ultra tender and at times my knife just slipped through the meat without much force at all -- it had just the right amount of fat.  I savored every bite of my plate. On this rare occasion, I passed on dessert, and instead took small bites from my friend's ice cream trio, which was part of the Summer pre-fix menu.  There were three rounds of vanilla bean, chocolate, and almond flavors.  The almond was quickly decided as the table favorite as it had almond bits and a strong sensual nutty flavor. I guess spur-of-the-moment dinners can be just as enjoyable as thoroughly researched ones.  Or, maybe, luck was on my side for once in Vegas.
4	After having experience Bradley's food at Lark Creek and other bay area places... I am happy to report I loved the food at his vegas place. Great ambiance and service -- we sat next to the waterfall and felt we were miles away from the horrible sounds and flashy lights of the gambling machines.Great bread and corn muffin. We had the prix fix menu and the chicken I remember was good.. all the veggies we had tasted farm fresh. The desserts were great including his signature floats.A taste of calif cuisine in vegas !!  Go there
5	This is one of the most lavish restaurants I have ever been to. The decor is chic and modern, just like th food. When I went to Bradley Ogden last week, I went with a large party. This allowed us to order all the appetizers! The caviar, served with creme fraicheand 2 other condiments i can't remember (i know, not very helpful), was absolutely delicious. I don't have caviar very often so I can't say i have much to compare it to, but it was pretty awesome. I was disappointed in the fois gras pate (it wasn't very memorable) and the blue cheese souffle. They weren't BAD, but they were just ok. Moving on to entrees, I had the bison. It was pretty good, considering i never had bison before.  Bison is rather gamey, I don't mind it that much but it could be an acquired taste.  I also tried to scallops, which were yummy. And for the piece de resistance, KOBE BEEF. I have never had such an amazing piece of meat in my like. When the waiter was explaining its preparation, it was like a lesson in greek: "imported beef...blah blah blah...thrice seared once with sake..then with blah blah blah..." I could not repeat it if i tried. The beef just melts in your mouth (in a good way!) and has the most addicting flavor! But at $39 an ounce, yes, OUNCE, it's quite a luxury and i doubt i will be experiencing that again any time soon. But it will forever stay in my memories...Bonus: Attentive service and ridiculously good foodBoo-ness: PRICE.
2	Okay. It's not in LA. It's in Vegas; same thing. Bradley Ogden is disappointing. The restaurant has a casual yet sophisticated decor. The food is straightforward. The main problem is that the food is very expensive relative to the actual value. First, the food is very uninspired American cuisine. Chef Ogden is a strong advocate for organic in-season produce. His cooking style is similar to Alice Waters of Chez Panisse fame. Unfortunately, this particular branch does not receive the same high quality produce that may be found in his other restaurants. Yet, the restaurant charges a premium for essentially glorified American cooking.I had the New Year's Eve Tasting Menu and it was underwhelming to say the least. Again, the food was uninspired. A factory might as well have been producing the food that evening. The best thing that I ate was the complimentary butterscotch pudding with pumpkin seeds. That was dee-lish. The service was also lame. The dinner cost $800 for two! I would recommend Bradley Ogden for a quick bite and a glass of nice red wine at the bar. The restaurant is well suited for this.
4	We called in to make reservations for a late dinner. The person on the phone was efficient and professional (funny too!).. We ended up being about 10 minutes early and we were seated right away. Since it was late, I didn't expect there to be a wait anyways. Our server was great and had a great sense of humor.I decided to do the prix-fixe - blue cheese souffle, halibut, and sorbet.The blue cheese souffle was delicious! The dish had two blue cheese souffles with a bunch of little beets. Two of my favorite things! (I have a lot of those favorite things...) The halibut was very moist but unfortunately I didn't realize it had curry powder in it (I hate curry). The bf was nice enough to trade plates with me.He had.... the ahi sashimi appetizer and the rib-eye. The ahi sashimi came with three pieces of sashimi over a fried banana and some type of cucumber salad. It was tasty, but I liked my appetizer better! :) His rib-eye was delicious and I'm glad we traded dishes because I really hate curry!The sorbet was very good, it was a dish of melon, raspberry and apricot with diced peaches. We also got a complimentary butterscotch pudding. It was the cutest presentation EVER!Overall, we really enjoyed our food and the service! I know some of you may say the portions are small, but you come to a place like this for the ambiance and the service. If you want big portions, go to a buffet! I don't know about you, but I was stuffed!
4	It's been a while since I wrote a review, so it's about time for a comeback.As part of another crazy Vegas fun/food trip, a few of us got together and decided to try out Bradley Ogden, another of those Michelin starred restaurants and who I'm a decent fan of (in terms of restaurants). Through the success of the Lark Creek group, One Market and Parcel 104 in Santa Clara, his expansion into Vegas was not unexpected.On a comparison basis for the value, is it good? Yes. Is it transcendent? No.A bunch of us got the prix-fixe menu, set at $65. Others, decided to go a la carte which got to be much more expensive. But through the combinations, I was able to try out multiple things.Amuse Bouche - A slight sampler of asparagus puree, preserved artichoke, some sprouts. Interesting, and didn't taste half bad. There's been misses before with his amuses (i.e. Watermelon cilantro lemonade - ugh). Alaskan king crab salad (Prix-fixe) - Interesting to say the least. Do not take it apart - the signifcant bitterness and acidity added from the apple and celery root was not so good on its own. However, together with the king crab, added significant sweetness and context to the crab, and made it a better dish in general. However, most people are inclined to take it apart (crab first since it's the most "appetizing"), and hence, almost destroy the dish.Foie Gras Torchon ($22) - A bit on the salty side, with the foie more in pate form in a circular mold off on the side. Some interesting flavored foam on the plate, which did not add too much to the dish. The fig tart on the side however, was excellent, and added significant value to the dish.Sea Scallops ($44) - Decently seared, did not try much since it was not my dish. Though, the scallop was done excellently.Oak Grilled Rib-Eye (Prix-fixe) - If there is one thing to go here for, it is this dish. I remember having a similar rib-eye dish here with morel mushrooms on my first trip. Second trip here - it actually exceeded all expectations. A huge cut of rib-eye, done perfectly medium rare. Flavored excellently. Chard on the bottom added also some good contrast to the rich buttery pureed root vegetables. The rib-eye, simply put, was like tender bacon-flavored steak. I was just smiling afterwards, proclaiming - bacon.Cheese plate ($12) - was not as stellar as I had hoped. Boulud's Grand Tour de France in the Wynn just freaking dominates this one - though of course its 4x as expensive. Fig walnut bread was great though, and honeycomb added was excellent.Bread selection - OK at best. Blue cornbread muffins were good, but nowhere as stellar as Mesa's just across the casino. Sourdough was meh.Service was good as well. Not too intruding, but always there, and always willing to fill water, bread, and check on everything.4 stars - Again, not one of the top, but actually one of the more excellent restaurants available. Also, not a bad choice for fine dining, as it is one of the more "inexpensive", if you can really say that in Vegas, options for food. Deserving of that single Michelin star? Yes, I would say. But it's much closer to being unrated, than closer to two.
5	came to check out the bar menu. i really would like to check out the regular menu next time, but i need to make a lot more money. i've been reading one of my favorite foodblogs (www.eatinglv.com) and saw a review on the best burger in vegas. i was suprised it wasn't located in one of the many burger joints in vegas (burger bar, blt, etc.). it was in a fine dining, michelin rated restaurant. i knew that bradley ogden is a seasonal, farm to table type of restaurant, so i never guessed that they would even have a burger on the menu. burger is very straightforward. brioche bun, cheddar cheese, meat. mayo, ketchup, pickles, mustard, and fries on the side. also, the meat is basted with red wine butter as it cooks on a  wood fire grill. i thought, "man a lot goes into this burger." and i was sooo right when i bit into it. juicy, meaty, flavorful, and most of all delicious. worth the $16 dollars.
5	When in Vegas, I love to eat. Ok, I always love to eat, but I do consider Vegas a worthy foodie destination. Bradley Ogden's is one of my fav places in Vegas - a great, upscale farm to table concept. The food is straightforward, new American, but done to perfection. A bit spendy, but worth a visit.
5	Great Menu.  We went there for Thanksgiving dinner.  Our server was a little bit backed up, but who cares, we weren't in a rush.  Bison was excellent, as well as he Froi Gras appetizer.  I had the Steak for my entree, it was cooked perfectly (medium/WD0.  Wine was awesome, we had a malbec to start, and then moved onto Reisling with our food.  Really good Reisling. Weinbenhaume OpenHeim something something.  Cheese plate at the end of the meal was good.  Pricey, but worth it every now and then.
5	My husband and I had only 30 minutes to grab a bite for dinner before a show and walked by Bradley Ogden.  The lounge menu had a prix fixe 3 course meal for $29 which I could not pass up.  We sat in the lounge and the service was impeccable.  I started with one of the best salads of my life which consisted of pears, blue cheese, pomegranite seeds and greens.  The next course was black cod fish and chips.  The fish literally melted in your mouth!!  The dessert was a butterscotch pudding with snickerdoodle cookies.  WOW!!!  My husband ordered the chicken sandwich which he claims is the best he's ever had.  Even though this was our most rushed and unplanned meal of our trip in Vegas, it turned out to be the best meal of our entire trip.  Definitely going to check out the main dining room next time but for a quick fantastic meal, definitely sit in the bar area and order from the lounge menu- it's worth it!!!
4	I ate here twice during a recent trip to Vegas. The first time, our group popped in for some quick late night nibbles. We sat in the bar/lounge area since the main dining room was closed. I have to say, the food was excellent (had the hummus, a yummy cheeseburger and the fish and chips to share among the group) but the service was TERRIBLE. Our server neglected us most of the night, everything took FOREVER to get to our table (and they weren't busy), and to top it all off, the to-go order we placed for a friend too ill to come to dinner was obviously never put through to the kitchen. Instead of owning up to that mistake, the server let us sit there for 45 minutes, coming by only occasionally to say they were "working on it." Hmph.This experience is the reason for the four star rating, because my SECOND experience - on New Year's Eve - was truly a five star experience. We arrived early for our reservation and, sadly, got stuck with the same cocktail server as we waited for our table in the bar area. She was still incompetent and it took forever to get our drinks, but once we moved to our table in the restaurant that entire experience was forgotten. Our dinner service was impeccable, as was the multi-course prix fixe NYE menu. Among the items I sampled: roasted garlic soup with a garnish of fried frog legs (amazing!!); mini blue cheese souffles; Alaskan crab poached in butter with shaved black truffles; grilled sturgeon with a manilla clam chowder broth; grilled pork tenderloin with a honeycrisp apple chutney; and - the BEST of the BEST - grilled bison tenderloin. Heaven on a plate. The bison was so lean, and so perfectly cooked, you barely needed a knife to cut it. Desserts were a sticky pudding and individual chocolate fondue, complete with our own ramekins of melted chocolate and assorted mini cookies, cake bites and fruits for dipping.Our server was kind enough to create a wine flight to pair with each course. It was the perfect accompaniment to our meal, as was his attention to detail and the overall classy atmosphere. I've eaten in many casinos, but this was the first time I actually felt like I wasn't in one! Aside from the horrible cocktail service, it was an experience I hope to be able to re-live someday.
4	Having trouble deciding on 4/5 stars... after reading over my individual dish reviews, I think I'm going to round down based on the number of dishes that didn't blow me away. Here's what I tried last night:rolls: go for the salty mini dinner rolls. YUM, but I'm a sucker for bread with salt on it.Foie gras: excellent. Last night's preparation was seared, but during the summer they had a cold terrine style... I'm more of a fan of the seared myself. The cold one doesn't do it for me. Hawaiian Tuna: honestly just *eh*. It was the most eh thing I ate last night. I'm pretty picky about fish/sushi and this one wasn't spectacular. Butter poached crab: OMG amazing. Totally buttery and rich (luckily I split it, so I only consumed like 2000 calories in my half.. lol). It comes with homemade amazing pasta, and some awesome diced fuji apples that really enhance the overall flavor profile . Really awesome dish. Blue cheese souflee: honestly I feel this dish is overrated. Yummy, but if the watier convinces you that you MUST try this or something, they are overselling it. I've had it 2x now.. and while I enjoyed it both times, I would tell you to get the crab instead . Sturgen: one of the choices on the $65 3 course menu. I only tried a bite of this one and I didn't love it. It was sitting in a sort of chowder, and the whole dish just tasted kinda like fish water almost.. I can't explain it, but it really wasn't doing it for me. Pork loin: Another choice from the 3 course menu. This is the right choice ! VERY lean pork, awesome flavor.. huge portion. Most things at BO are tiny, but this is very shareable. Scallops: YUM! Great flavor, great exotic things hanging out on the plate (interesting foams, weird veggies, etc). Perfect amount of char on the edges... a great choice if you aren't doing the fixed price. Ice cream: The oatmeal cookie one is to die for! Free dessert: butterscotch pudding in shotglasses is soo yummy. If you don't want to order a dessert, but want something tiny.. this will come free if you wait patiently !I can't wait to go back to the bar and try BK's recommended burger. Next visit!
4	Four of us went here last week, for New Years Eve. They had a prix fixe menu for $115 each, and an a la carte menu. My guy had the prix fixe and the rest of us had a la carte. The service was perfect, and the presentation and ambience was lovely. We were all kindly given caviar (with dab of onions and cream fraiche on toast), which was supposed to be just for my guy with his meal. It was wonderful, and I'm not usually a caviar fan. Also the quality of the drinks was wonderful. We all ordered rasperry lemon drops, and they were the best I've ever had. The only reason I don't give five stars is that the  menu was a bit limited and a bit too meat oriented. I ordered risotto and it was good but not spectacular.
4	We went here because it is located in Caesar Palace across the way from Bette Midler's Show.  If you tell your server that you need to go to the show, they will make sure you meal is timed to make the show.  The food is organic and fresh and is very close to an experience at Gary Danko.  Gary Danko (SF) has far better service and a more diverse menu.  We had the froi gras, scallop, and the set meal with the blue cheese souffle, fish and ice cream.  The meal was very good and high in quality.  The service is a little lacking for the prices.  The froi gras and scallops were excellent.  The star of the night were these calms in a soup base at the bottom of the fish dish.  These were by far the best calms I have ever had.  There is also unlimited bread and muffins that a server bring around.  Those were so good that I had three servings.
4	Walked in here on a Thursday night around 9:30 pm in a party of three and got a booth in the front of the restaurant. The service was great and the waiter was informative and efficient. I had the risotto and the crab appetizer. Both were awesome. I dug the butterscotch pudding freebie dessert shot.
4	Awesome restaurant. Very classy atmosphere, but not pretentious. I feel comfortable here wearing jeans or a dress. Service is always great (it helps that I'm always here with my father, whom most of the staff know). Everyone is wonderful and friendly. They start you off with an offering of three different breads: dinner roll, sourdough, and a blue corn muffin, I think. Yummm I could make a meal just out of the bread. For the appetizers, I highly recommend the blue cheese souffle, the squash soup, and the farmer's market green salad, which had an amazing pecan goat cheese that tasted wonderful with the pomegranates. The first time I was here, they didn't have any vegetarian options on the menu, so we had the chef prepare something for me, which was good, but nothing spectacular. The next time, they finally added a meatless dish! The mushroom risotto which is fantastic. Normally, I don't even like mushrooms, but this dish was creamy and earthy and yummy. The rest of my family swears by the bison. Can't say anything about that, but there you go. The ice cream trio is always a good choice for dessert, and the flavors seem to change almost monthly. I had the pumpkin flan during the autumn season, which was easily the best dessert I've ever had in Vegas. Oh, and I love the delicious little butterscotch pudding cups.The last time I was there, they had an enormous party that was holding up the kitchen or something, because we ended up waiting in between courses about 30 minutes. And when they finally brought out the entree's, one of the bison dishes was completely overcooked. They comped us most of the meal because of that, and the waitress (she must have been new) was so nervous and nothing but apologetic. So that's the only reason I'm knocking off a star.
5	I've eaten from the regular menu here...It's superb....But there is a big secret this place holds...Next time you're in Vegas...Go to Ogden...Sit at the lounge...And order THE BURGER...It is the best I've EVER had...I've probably been here 10 times...The law of diminishing returns does not apply to this Burger...Sensational!
4	We arrived approximately 15 minutes early for our 8:00 PM dinner reservation at Bradley Ogden. We had a small, private dining room reserved for our group of 11 and we ordered straight from the menu. I started with a glass of Perrier Jouet champagne while we waited for the remainder of our group in the lounge. The lounge was very comfortable with large, over sized chairs - almost like a living room. I started with the foie gras. 1.5 oz of sonoma foie gras seared with sea salt sprinkled on top.  It was served with a peanut butter mousse and pomegranate gastique on top of a peanut brioch toast stuffed with pear jam. It was delicious and very unusual. For my entree, I had the scallops with golden raisin with baby cauliflower confetti curry, flat top seared with sea salt and black pepper. The serving was a great portion, not too large but I was left very satiated. We had Quintessa Cabernet and the Grgich hills chardonnay with dinner. Finally, we finished the night with a glass of Patron aged in cognac barrels. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is because of an inappropriate comment the server made.
4	Went there for dinner with my wife on a trip to Vegas,Foie Gras Duo - The seared foie gras is very good and cooked perfectly. The Foie Gras moose, not as good, it seems like it is missing some seasoning and rather plainHamachi Sashimi - This is really a fusion between Japanese and American. The fish is very fresh, but I felt the sauce is over powered a little. Puffed rice is a nice touch.Pan Roasted Chicken - Chicken is good as expected, moist and seared perfectly. The pea risotto is awesome. Buttery smooth and taste of the pea is just awesome.Seared Halibut - Perfectly cooked and it complements very nicer with the fennel based sauce.Finished off with a butterscotch moose, wow this is tasty.Overall a very good meal, but for the price, I think it can be better. But factoring in the price as to where the restaurant is, I think this is a decent deal, that's why it is getting a 4 stars instead of 5.
4	4.45 stars.I strolled into the Bradley Ogden lounge on a Monday evening, hungrily surveying the intimate space for quiet whispers and plush cushions to soothe my ringing ears and aching feet. Sliding into a chenille armchair the color of oatmeal, I felt my shoulders relinquish their vigilant posture, and sighed. Perusing the short, interesting menu, I opted for the famous Kobe and ribeye burger with frites and a peanut butter cup martini. The martini sidled up to my table a few moments later, flaunting a garnished rim of peanut butter and chocolate crumbs. This heady beauty swirled chocolate vodka, peanut rum, chocolate liqueur, cream, and simple syrup infused with peanut butter seductively in her glass, rendering a nicely layered drink with a rich, slightly earthy profile. She stayed with me through the meal, and promised to see me again. In due course, a gleaming burger, a tall cone of frites, a simple, luscious green salad, and sides of Dijon mustard and housemade mayonnaise requested a spot at my table. Never one to miss a new experience, I welcomed their company, particularly as the burger was lightly scented with red wine butter and smoke. Moist, rich, and beautifully pink, the burger dazzled my palate, its light touch of blue cheese perfectly complementing the light seasonings, its soft egg brioche roll a subtle cushion absorbing its juices. The frites were nicely browned and earthy, while the fluffy salad greens were dressed with a miso vinaigrette whose silky finish prepared my palate for the richness to come. An excellent meal.The service was relaxed, gorgeous, and engaging, the drinks were innovative, if occasionally touched with flakes of ice, and the lounge perfect for a quiet, casual dinner for couples or single travelers. Recommended.
5	Bradley Ogden is awesome! By far one of the best dinners I've had in Vegas. We stumbled upon Bradley Ogden while strolling for a dinner venue in Caesars. What a WONDERFUL surprise. We opted for the Prix-Fix menu - excellent choices of Globe Artichoke Soup, Pan-Seared Halibut and Chocolate Mousse all paired with a mellow pinot noir (of our choice). Service was excellent and the blue corn muffins are TO DIE FOR!  After raving about the muffins to the bread server and our waiter and I was pleasantly surprised to be greeted with a plain white envelope on our way out. In the envelope was the recipe for said muffins! I was floored and can't wait to make the muffins in my own home. What an excellent experience! I can't say enough about this place. We will be back!
1	If you want to experience "Spawn Of Satan" as a hostess here's your place. The worst customer service and welcoming attitude we have ever encountered in Vegas. We frequent Vegas and always make the rounds to the nice restaurants. Decided to go here for drinks and appetizers. NEVER AGAIN. The hostess was as welcoming as the Grim Reaper. We sat at the bar and with the high stools and being petite, my sandals were dangling off my feet. I decided to set them on the floor in front of me since they kept falling off. We were at the bar with only one other couple. Unless you had all your attention focused on me and my feet, you would have no idea that my sandals were not on.  Spawn of Satan appeared in a nano second and in a Darth Vader laced voice breathed heavily in my ear: "PUT YOUR SHOES ON!' I apologized and explained they kept falling off due to being short and the stools being high. I didn't want to spend my evening doing the "toe grip" to keep my sandals on. She glared at me and walked away.  I decided to sit crossed leg on the stool to solve my problem. Thank you yoga for being able to do this! Once more, Spawn of Satan appears. She stood there and stared for a few seconds. I thought for certain she was going to pull a hatchet out of her tacky little ensemble of an outfit and weld it over her head. She hissed: "You can't sit like that." Slithered away and stood at a distance, arms crossed and glaring at us. Now, my husband is one cool cucumber. Nothing rattles his cage so to speak. He turned to the bartender and asked if she was always rude like this to the customers. The bartender's thoughtful reply: "Hey man, um....I just work here. I just work the bar here." I had to bite my tongue I wanted to say: "REALLY? Is that why you are BEHIND THE BAR? And we thought we stumbled upon a cool and swanky new restaurant  in Vegas where they let the customers play bartender for the other customers." Needless to say, he didn't get  a tip for his response and we will never go there again. Lisa CW
4	Perhaps one of the most underrated and anonymous high-end restaurants in all of Las Vegas, Bradley Ogden focuses on farm fresh, seasonal New American cuisine.  Service was OK, but I don't necessarily think that was our server's fault, per se.  The table next to ours had at least 12 people, mostly of the high-maintenance (read: stupid) variety and needed a lot of help.  They were also loud and annoying, but that happens sometimes in the big V.The food, though, more than made up for that.  Mentioned in many reviews here, the blue cheese souffle is otherworldly.  I'm not a huge fan of the ribeye cut (often find it too fatty), but here it was rich, buttery and delicious.Next time I go back to Vegas, I'm returning to Bradley Ogden and having the hamburger.  Numerous sources, both on Yelp and in print, have deemed it one of the finest available.  We shall see.
5	Bradley Ogden is a fantastic restaurant.  It boosts that is has the best burger in Las Vegas, and I would have to agree with that.  The prices  are decent for the type of place it is.  The menu is simple, and the food is great.  Worth trying if you're looking for a place to grab dinner in Caesars Palace.
3	This is a gorgeous restaurant. Whether or not you have time to eat, consider stopping by for a drink just to look at the space.Otherwise, it was my destination because the stars were perfectly aligned for me and their famous burger. I came in at about 6:30 and sat at the bar. I was pondering a bevvie but something about the bartender discouraged me from really digging in and experiencing the place. I absolutely loved the burger - no gristle, just the right size and it went down easy. You could taste the faint woody essence from the kitchen grill and the greens on the side were super good. I had already had fries that day so I was happy.Dining at the bar, I'm not sure if it was just my luck but while the service was efficient enough, I found it to be somewhere in the realm of cold fish. I thought about having a peanut butter cup martini for dessert but the prospect actually seemed a little depressing. This wasn't my experience dining solo in about six other places in Vegas over the past week, so I'd say some work needs to be done in that area, if they care.
4	Boyfriend wanted to come here because he read such good reviews about the burgers here. Well, it's not the best burger I've ever had but it comes pretty damn close. It's located inside of Caesars Palace. It's kind of hard to miss. Service: 3.5Decor: 4Food: 4We sat down in the lounge area and ordered off the fixed price menu. We both ordered the Ceasar salad, Steak burger  and snickerdoodle cookies with butterscotch pudding. The Ceasar salad....is literally one huge chunk of salad. Basically, it's what it would look like before it's chopped up haha it was a little weird but I guess it was their signature way of doing it (I call it lazy). I ordered the steak burger with blue cheese which is pretty damn good. Note**the blue cheese REALLY gives the burger a kick. I mean, damn. By the time I was done I was so full I wanted to barf but we still had our desserts. The butterscotch pudding with snickerdoodle is pretty good. It's a nice way to finish off the meal; not too heavy. If you don't feel like waiting, just go sit in the lounge
2	Nice restaurant but,Food is overly spiced. I had the Kobe Beef Skewers and it was way to salty. Caesar Salad dressing was super thick and tasted way to.... i dunno strong and salty.  I took most of the dressing off and ate the leaves by its self. My bf said the burger was so-so and the fish and chips tasted weird too.. even down to the tartar sauce.the butterscotch pudding was good, but cookies? i thought it was tacky.the presentation was really nice, but i probably won't be back here again, i'd rather go to NEROS. Maybe i need to try the full dinner menu, but the waitress said the food tasted the same... in particular the kobe. maybe then i will change my mind, but for not... ive had way better
5	Yum. We went for a pre anniversary dinner in July and Bradley Ogden quickly became my new favorite restaurant. I did the prix fixe menu and so happy that I did! Did the Caesar salad, Halibut and then PB&J bread pudding. Each course was perfect! Excellent cocktails. Perfect service. My husband and I consider ourselves to be "foodies" and both agreed that this establishment is definitely worthy of it's Michelin star.
4	Was here for a birthday celebration meal, and thankfully a full table meant we had our own tasting menu. I was glad to try such a variety, there were some real highlights. I'd recommend skipping the "signature Caesar", which paled in comparison to both the fresh corn soup and blue cheese souffle. My main was a perfectly cooked Alaskan halibut, served with olives and fennel. Tried the bison loin, which was also very well cooked. Desserts were all quite tasty, a peanut butter and jelly bread pudding which has just the right amount of peanut richness and berry sweetness, and the berry panna cotta was the light perfect dessert. They ended with a bonus dish: a salted butterscotch pudding with pepitas which ended the meal on a high note. $60 for a three course tasting menu of this caliber is quite reasonable.
4	A great place to have your "expensive" Vegas meal without totally breaking the bank.  I came here on the recommendation of several friends, and the restaurant really paid off.  Decor and service are top-notch;  we were (not so, really) surprised to see that the restaurant was half-empty at prime-time on a Saturday.  Oh well, more service for us, I guess.Food for the most part was a hit.  The steak was gigantic and well-seasoned.  I ordered the pork, which was served alongside some awesome gnocchi.  We also ordered their staple blue cheese souffle dish -- I'd stay away from this one if I were you.  It was definitely good -- but what blue cheese-heavy dish doesn't taste good?  It's like cheating.Cocktail menu was well-received, too, but the wine list started at $80 a bottle with a few (crappy) exceptions.
5	I used to work in Caesar's, and my brother told me that BO's burger was rated one of the best in the country by GQ's food critic... so I went to try it out.  Now, several visits later, it's the only thing I've had there.  It's that good.  Definitely get the pickles, they're the best I've ever had.  And the butterscotch pudding.  I wouldn't have ordered it, but our server kind of made me, and I'm glad she did.  I tell anyone I know going to Vegas to go get a burger at BO.
4	Bradley Ogden is in my humble opinion, the most consistent upscale restaurant in Las Vegas.  The service is excellent, and the food absolutely delicious.  My husband and I go to Vegas once a year, and we make certain there is a night dedicated to Bradley Ogden.The restaurant focuses on farm-fresh produce and excellent meats.  Although the menu can seem a bit simplistic, it is always thoroughly enjoyable and on the whimsical side.  This trip, we enjoyed a lovely prix fixe for a very affordable $60 per person.  The twice backed Maytag blue cheese souffle was perfect, as was the pork and halibut.  For dessert was a delightful white chocolate panna cotta and pb&j bread pudding.  I tend to be sensitive to sodium, and I found for the first time, that my main course was a bit heavy handed on the salt, but given the excellent track record I'm definitely making reservations next year.The staff is extremely accommodating for events such as birthdays and anniversaries.  I really can't recommend Bradley Ogden enough.  Enjoy!
3	This review is for dinner in the lounge on Saturday, August 1. Me, wife, and my parents chose the lounge for dinner prior to seeing Seinfeld. It was about 5:30 so we had no trouble getting seated right away.Our server wasn't bad ... but she wasn't good. At times I thought she was right on top of things but at other times she seemed disinterested and inattentive. We had to ask to see a drink/wine list. She blew it with my mom's food by not bringing both items out at the same time as requested. And when my wife's burger was grossly undercooked it took us a while to flag our waitress down to get it fixed properly.The food wasn't too bad - a couple of us ordered from the fixed price menu and had the burgers, Caesar salad, fries, and cookies/pudding. The salad was OK (not even remotely close the great one I had the following evening at Delmonico), the burger was very good (but they need a better selection of cheese), and the cookies were very ordinary (disclosure - I find Snickerdoodles to be very boring and the "Snicker" part of the word is very deceiving as it has nothing to do with a Snickers bar).The atmosphere in the lounge is pretty good - you can order off the regular menu and they have a lounge menu.I wouldn't go back if for no other reason than there are lots of other places I want to try.
4	Sit in the lounge and get the burger meal.  Seriously, I still dream about that burger.  And the butterscotch pudding transcends both the ideal of pudding and what you expect butterscotch to be.
5	One of the best dining experiences ever! Hubby and I had reservations so there was no wait. We were seated at one of the lesser romantic tables so we kindly asked if we could be moved to a vacant booth that could have easily sat six. I hate doing this but we really wanted something where we could just hang out and take our time. Our server was Chris.  Awesome server! Moved us to the bigger cushier table without a hesitation. We looked over the menu and nothing really jumped out at us. I remarked how expensive the Kobe beef was and jokingly ordered half an ounce. At that point, Chris let us know that sometimes the chef will do a tasting menu not on the regular menu and will often include the Kobe beef and if we wanted to wait a minute he would go ask if the chef could do it. And guess what? He did! He offered us a six or nine course tasting menu and asked if there was anything we were opposed to. We chose the nine course and were not disappointed! We were actually brought out 12 courses which included some of the most creative and inventive dishes I've ever had. Since this dinner was the focus of our evening, we took our time. The key to a successful tasting menu in addition to the quality of food in my opinion, is the timing of dishes coming out. Everything was perfectly spaced with not too much nor too little time between each plate. After dinner, Chris invited us on a tour of the kitchen where we met the chef and his amazing staff. Cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. Dinner total with one bottle of wine was $635. Money well spent!Note: this review is about a year overdue as we dined here summer 2008.
5	It was about 2 years ago that we visited Bradley Ogden in Vegas.  With a bunch of other foodies, we were on a quest to find an excellent restaurant that did not require us to 'dress up' to dine (it was 115 degrees that summer).  I heard about Bradley Ogden on the Food Channel and gave them a call about the dress code and found that shorts were acceptable.There were 7 of us and we decided to go for the tasting menu with wine pairing.  Looking over the menu, we wanted to swap out the 'common' salmon dish with a quail dish.  The waiter pointed out that the salmon dish was actually one of their most popular, and so, we decided to order the quail on the side.I'm so glad the waiter and suggested we keep the salmon, because it was the BEST salmon dish I've ever tasted.  Slow-cooked to perfection!The entire meal itself was the most memorable and delicious meal!  Everything was precisely excuted, presentation was clean and spot on, the service was definitely 5-stars (we even had the chefs come out to serve one of the dishes).If you're looking for something more than a meal, something that will definitely leave all your sensations craving for more.  Definitely splurge and try B.O.!!  You won't be disappointed!
4	It was restaurant week so I thought I'd give Bradley Ogden a shot and I'm disappointed that I haven't tried this place sooner. I actually enjoyed this place more than my dinner at Daniel Boulud Brasserie a few nights before. The atmosphere, while not as elegant as DB Brasserie, felt more warm and inviting. We were seated at a cozy 2-top in the front half of the restaurant. I appreciate the fact that they space out the tables as to give diners a little privacy. Many places will cram in as many tables as possible, leaving diners about a foot apart from their neighbors (and I hate it when larger patrons have to squeeze by and their big ass knocks into my beverage). We ordered the prix-fixe restaurant week menu (which is also available on a nightly basis as their pre-theater menu).FIRST COURSE- Blue cheese souffle: smaller than I thought they would be. They look like 2 little muffins. The plating was nice and the flavors were great. The blue cheese souffle matched with the figs was fabulous.- Yellow corn soup: as good as the blue cheese souffle was, this was even better. Creamy, yet not too thick or watery with a little bit of a kick from the spiced popcorn.MAIN COURSE- Alaskan halibut: one of the better fish dishes I've had recently -- delicate and flakey, tremendous flavor. I'm usually not a big fan of bok choy, but it went well with the fish.- Pork loin: this dish had 2 sizable cuts of pork, both very tender and tasty. The star of this dish was the potato croquettes. There were only about three of them but I could have eaten a whole plate full of them. Fabulous!DESSERT- PB&J bread pudding: tasted much better than I thought it would. Subtle hints of peanut butter, not too overpowering. Warm, moist and delicious.- White chocolate panna cotta: light, creamy, not too sweet. Accompanied with fresh berries. It was a really good dessert.- Butterscotch pudding: loved it! It was a great way to end the meal.The service was really good. Very buttoned-up and formal with the way they clear dishes and silverware between courses. I guess I don't know enough about fine-dining because I asked the server to bring me a new fork for my halibut. They were so quick to swap out silverware that I thought the small fork left on the table was the salad fork. It wasn't. It was a fork specifically for a fish dish. As the server pointed out it had three prongs like Neptune's trident and was designed to pair perfectly with the delicateness (is that a word?) of the fish. I'm an idiot for not knowing that. The server still brought out a regular fork, which I used. By the end of the night our server finally seemed to loosen up and joke around a little bit. Before that point he was a little too formal (all the servers wear suits which just adds to the stiffness of the service). A little personality always adds to the experience in my opinion. Great restaurant, great food, service, and atmosphere. 4.5 stars.
3	I'd give this place 4 stars except that their dessert was a disappointment.  We went with a group of 6, and service was good.Our first course was delicious.  I had the blue cheese souffle, and my hubby had the corn soup.  Both were A+.I had halibut as my main entree, and it was just OK.  It was edible, but it just didn't do anything for me.My husband opted for the ribeye which was much better.My dessert was some sort of smore thing with bananas.  It was just too sugary sweet - not much depth to it.  I can't even remember what my husband had.Overall, it was decent, but for over $250 for the two of us, I expect a lot more.
5	I had never heard of Bradley Ogden before making plans to stay at Ceasers LV, but will definitely be checking him out next time I am in San Fran. The concept is fresh foods brought from farm to table, and it tasted as if that was the case. The food was so simple, yet so delicious. The chicken I had was perfect, exactly how I want a roast chicken. The steak my wife had was among the best we have ever had. We eat in nice Chicago steakhouses so this is no small claim. A large table allowed a taste of several apps, each one well prepared and clean tasting. The blue cheese souffle and ceaser salad were both standouts. I know how much I like a restaurant by how I feel when I walk out. And despite a late Vegas start time, I walked out after midnight feeling full yet totally ready to hit the tables.
5	Aweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesome food and great service (from Chris our waiter)! Everything we ate was great and tasteful. I would definitely go back. We started off with the hummus and grilled flatbread, then I had the signature Caesar salad, and my main course was the Oak Grilled Prime Ribeye (very tasty). Chris did bring over a complimentary dessert shooter. I forget exactly what it was..something with butterscotch..it was good. We were a party of two and got sat at a both that would fit four comfortably.
1	I have no idea why this restaurant won so many awards. It was a huge disappointment. Everything we ate was good, but nothing exceptional. And certainly nothing worth the price we paid. We tried the fois gras, blue cheese souffle, ceasar salad, rib-eye, pork loin (you get 2 slices of pork, but 1 was undercooked, the other was over-cooked). I have a sweet tooth, so I was hoping maybe at least the dessert would be good, but no, it was the worst part of the meal. I got the smores, and there was way too much marshmallow cream before I could even get to the chocolate. And I don't know what they did to that chocolate, but it wasn't sweet enough. Overall, I would not recommend this restaurant. For the prices they charge, save your money & go eat somewhere else.
5	Took the wife there a couple of days ago for a nice quiet dinner.  The atmosphere was perfect - refined but not stuffy.  Our primary server was a touch distant at first but opened up nicely as the night went on.  The rest of the service was wonderful - attentive, efficient and yet never intrusive.  As for the most important part - the food - what can I say except that I will never go to Vegas again without stopping by Ogdens.  The Maytag blue cheese souffle is about as decadent an app as I've had.  For main courses I had the halibut (best fish I've ever had), while Robin had the bacon and scallops.  Her dish was wonderful as well.  Dessert was the cheese course and it was both pleasure and thought provoking.  At the end of the meal, the server took notice of our obvious satisfaction and gave us a copy of the menu - a real nice touch.  Most highly recommended.
5	This place was phenominal.  I had the braised pork with mushroom appetizer, ceaser salad and the rib eye.  Our waiter was named Chris, he was very funny and knowledgeable.  What and experience. The ambiance was fantastic.
4	I am a firm believer that the true quality of a restaurant is determined by how they treat all of their customers, not just the ones at the corner table shelling out the big bucks. So by that definition, Bradley Ogden is a five star joint.You see, I love to go to nice restaurants, but am never one to order the most expensive item on the menu. So my little trick is to go to a fabulous place and take in the atmosphere and sample the food in the bar. Here they actually offer the full menu as well as an abbreviated lounge menu. Why I ended up eating at this Michelin-starred restaurant is that they had a $29 prix fixe option. Now you're speaking my language.Our experience was one of my highlights in Vegas. Not because the food was the best I ate during my trip, but it is the only place where I felt the level of service was not only excellent, but funny, warm and welcoming. We actually had an authentic moment with someone.Our group was in the mood for a small meal after seeing a Cirque show, so we power walked through the casinos to beat the rest of the masses to grab corner seats at the bar. Perfect to view the flesh parade in the casino as well as the rowdy cougar convention next to us. I didn't want a huge meal, so Mr. K and I ended up sharing the 3-course prix fixe. But rather than roll their eyes, they went all out. Each course included two plates, not one, and the only thing split in half was the entree, their famous burger. So, two salads and two desserts and they didn't even assess a split plate charge. Our friends chose to skip the other courses and just ordered burgers, and they brought them desserts on the house. Oh, and that dessert. Butterscotch pudding with snickerdoodle cookies for dipping. Simple and fabulous. All of the food was just what I was looking for... elegant twists on comfort food. The burger was singled out as "Best Burger of the Year" (2009)" by GQ Magazine and while I wouldn't go that far, it is something special.So perhaps the generosity was because we were enjoying many Maker's Mark cocktails, but I think they just may be a classy place that believes that the dining experience includes superior food and service. I had a lot of fun with the bartender who had his hands full that night with the 'ladies' down the bar. When we left, I said, "Good luck with that" and I meant it.  Keep your paws to yourselves, ladies.
5	This place rocks. We came here on a Monday night, and were able to make a last minute reservation at the table. Although the restaurant itself was closed, their lounge was open and the full menu available. What I really liked about this place was that their menu was simple, to the point, and each item was extremely well crafted. Well crafted; we had their friend shrimp appetizer which was outstanding! The shrimp was fresh and the batter was done to perfection. It had a crispiness that I can't recall enjoying anywhere else in terms of fried appetizers. Their hummus was excellent, but I'm not a huge enough of a hummus connoisseur to tell it apart from the other places, but if my mom told my sister that these are better than the home-made hummus they make, it mus be good.The burger was amazing... it matched up to Burger Bar. I wish I was hungrier so I can eat two of them. Maybe next time. The bun was buttery, perfectly crisp, and the beef was tender and tasty enough to make you think about ordering another one. One BIG up to the chef, and the staff there. We were served very well, and in an appropriate manner. If you're at the Forum shops or staying at Caesars, be sure to visit this place. You'll enjoy it!
5	The shrimp appetizer was hot, fresh and perfectly seasoned.  It reminded me of a Japanese tempura dish with its delicate Asian-inspired sauce.  The pita and hummus appetizer was light, fresh and very clean.  I shared the steak burger and the fish and chips, which were both very good.  The steak burger was so good.  I loved the sauces they give: ketchup, spicy mustard and mayonnaise for the burger; and tartar sauce, ketchup and lemon wedges for the fish.  I am not a fan of fish and chips although I try to be, but the rock cod was perfectly cooked -- flaky but very tender.The butterscotch pudding was the perfect ending to a perfect meal, although I did not like the snickerdoodle.As for the ambiance and service, this place is perfect for an intimate group of friends and family.  We sat in the lounge because the restaurant is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, and I loved it!  I want to come back with a group of friends.  I loved the rich, dark colors and elegant textures.All in all, I was impressed by the simple elegance of B. Ogden's new American cuisine.  They made heavy food feel clean and light, which is no small feat.
4	This place was SO awesome. After having an amazing tasting menu the night before, I wasn't expecting much and this restaurant definitely took me by surprise. Out waiter was super personable and the service overall was great. He informed us upon being seated that the restaurant is known for using local, organic ingredients and seasonal ingredients. We started with an heirloom beet salad that is served with aged balsamic vinaigrette. The beets were extremely fresh and flavorful and the balsamic vinaigrette was perfect. My boyfriend doesn't like beets and he was even raving about the dish. We also started with foie gras served over a Belgium waffle and huckleberry sauce. I LOVE foie and have had it had many restaurants now, but nothing was like this one. The dish was perfectly crafted and well balanced with the sweetness of the berries. The dish was $26 and worth every penny. For the entree, I had a prime rib eye steak that was served with a potato puree and braised greens. I didn't recognize all of the greens that were used in the dish, but the greens were AMAZING. The steak was perfectly marinated and the braised greens were crunchy and buttery. I did not expect such an amazing meal, especially given that the restaurant was not a steak house. I'm definitely coming back for the burger.
4	Came here for the NYE prix fixe.  Good food and good company made the night very memorable.  We started with the oyster amuse bouche which was lovely and delicate.  I had the squab as the starter and although I was so tempted to pick that little sucker up and eat it with my hands, I thought better of it.  It was nicely roasted and very evenly seasoned.  And though it was kind of hard to eat, I think I managed to scrape all the meat off those tiny bones.  I had a taste of my friend's onion soup with was velvety and rich.  Next stop was the sturgeon - a serious misstep on my part.  The fish was cooked very well, but the sauce on the scallop dish blew the sturgeon out of the water....(pun intended).  Everyone else had the short-rib (a trend that I do enjoy but am rather tired of).  But I, being the soul-less foodie that I am went with the veal chop.  It was a nice bone-in, thick cut of baby cow.  I'm forgetting the accompaniments now, but it was a nicely seasoned piece of meat.The dessert was the baked alaska which fell short of my favorite incarnation at the Oceanaire.  It had a nice charred merengue over huckleberry and a lemon poppyseed cake.  A little tart, but refreshing after the meat heavy meat.The NYE price was a deal at this LV main-staple.  I can't wait to try the blue cheese souffle that I've been reading so much about.
5	Their lounge offers their own menu, with some a la carte items and a $29 3-course prix fixe menu.  The gracious staff had no problem splitting 2 of the prix fixe meals between the 4 of us.  We didn't go hungry, either.  We ate like kings, having a beautiful green salad, what is touted as the best burger in Vegas (and it is even better than Burger Bar) and some amazing butterscotch pudding.  Beautiful room, outstanding service and outstanding food.
5	Great meal, great restaurant, great service.Hubby & I made reservations a day or so before hand, for a Saturday sitting at 8:00 pm before the 10:00 pm Jay Leno show -- what a great evening, all around.The host staff was professional, yet welcoming.  We arrived a few minutes before our reservation time, and we were seated immediately.Our waiter greeted us promptly & explained the menu items -- both the prix fixe and the ala carte menu -- and gave us enough time to review & ruminate on the menu while reviewing the wine list and comparing our menu & wine options.  We had visited expecting to go with the prix fixe menu, but the ala carte was too tempting & we're not dessert persons -- so that made it easier.We ended up sharing the Twice-baked Maytag blue cheese souffle & the chef prepared it on two plates for us so we didn't have to fight over it on one plate.  The souffle was delicious, and we enjoyed the sourdough bread from the breadbasket for a great starter.I ordered the prime ribeye -- cooked perfectly as ordered med-rare.  It was on a bed of Yukon gold puree with pea sprouts, frisee & arugla.  The combination of meat juices with the potato puree on the wilted greens was wonderful.  Delicious meat -- tender, flavorful, nicely marbled.Hubby ordered the South Dakota bison tenderloin -- probably the most beautiful pieces of meat I've ever seen & the presentation was lovely with the chickpeas & onions and greens for garnish.  I realize I didn't get a good picture of the tenderloin cuts after he moved the chard & sliced the meat.  It was perfectly cooked with a crisp & dark crust and bright pink to red center with the finest grain I've ever seen in a "meaty protein".We went with a Neal Family 2005 Napa Cab (perfect with the meal), and skipped dessert and coffee -- but we did get a lagniappe of butterscotch pudding in a tall shot glass, topped with whipped cream and pepitas (roasted pumpkin seeds).  The perfect size for a dessert for me!The waitstaff was well trained & very proficient -- the waiter was well spoken & he explained Chef Ogden's philosophy quite well.  The support staff (water, bread, bussing, etc) were all timely, yet not obtrusive.  The sommelier was interesting & fun to talk with.  Did you know they recycle their corks?  Wolfgang Puck doesn't (as I found out a few days before).Total bill pre-tip was $260 - pricey, but well worth it.  FYI -- check out the lounge menu too -- there's a smaller prix fixe menu there too.We'll be in San Francisco at the end of March & will check to see if we can get reservations there.
3	I wish I could've given this place a better rating, especially since it's a Michelin recommended restaurant, but the experience seemed to be a bit inconsistent.My friend and I spent a day at the Qua Spa and decided to get a bite to eat. We had spotted this place after going to the Bette Midler show, and it seemed to be a place fit for foodies.We saw there was a special lounge menu with a prix fixe menu offering a caesar salad, the "best burger in vegas" and the butterscotch pudding with snickerdoodle cookie. We opted for that, and because it was later at night, they allowed us to sit in the regular dining room.The service seemed excellent at first, but then grew to be inconsistent. Sometimes the servers didn't fill our water glasses fully or didn't bring the bread until after a while. But when they were there, they were excellent. Not exactly what I'd expect from a Michelin restaurant.The food also was good, but not exactly what I'd call the best burger in Vegas. I think Hubert Keller's Burger Bar was far more interesting. I opted to have blue cheese on my burger, and I felt there was too much, which made it a little too strong. I didn't know what a snickerdoodle cookie was, so I expected it to be like a snickers bar, but the server told me it was more like a sugar cookie.Perhaps living in San Francisco has made me too much of a foodie so that the food at Bradley Ogden didn't seem much different from much cheaper, delicious restaurants I frequent in San Francisco. But if I lived in the suburbs, I would probably be very impressed. Maybe I should've ordered something other than the prix fixe menu, but if that was a representation of the food style, I don't think I'll be coming back. Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill is right nearby so maybe I'll check that out next time.
4	Excellent food, coupled with good service.  Certainly one of the better Las Vegas celebrity chef outpost restaurants.  Appetizers are outstanding, so be sure to order them.  Mains are very good in every category.  Dessert is slightly disappointing, so feel free to pass.  I'm not a big fan of the casino environment, so I try to pick a table in the back of the restaurant.
4	Great food, good service! Not wanting to break the bank my BFF and I headed to Bradley Ogden when we learned they had a very affordable prix fixe menu (I think it was $29 for the three course meal?) in their lounge area. We both chose the Caesar salad for our starter. DELICIOUSNESS!!! I know, it's just a Caesar salad, but my goodness it was good! About a half dozen full leaves from a heart of romaine perfectly dressed (It appeared that each leaf was dipped in the dressing) sprinkled with croutons and large shavings of fresh Parmesan cheese. Yum! For my main course I chose the chopped steak burger. Mmm mm good! Perfectly cooked burger on a huge, airy brioche bun with all the trimmings served with a generous portion of seasoned french fries. They only had the one option for dessert, but that was ok because it too was fantastic! A cup of creamy butterscotch pudding topped with a huge dollop of whipped cream and served with two small snickerdoodle cookies. When I'm back in Vegas I'll definitely want that salad again and to try out the main restaurant. If the lounge was delish I can just imagine how the fab the main menu must be!
3	Good service, good food but not as good as I was expecting, especially with the Michelin Star denotion. After a day of wandering on the Strip and some gambling, we were able to get seated for dinner here with no reservation (a plus). I decided to go with the lounge menu prix fixe, three courses for a very reasonable $28. There were only two options for appetizer and two for entree; I picked the Caesar salad and the fish and chips. The one dessert option was a pudding with snickerdoodles.The Caesar salad was delicious: crisp whole romaine leaves dressed in a traditional Caesar dressing (obvious anchovy presence which I love), and fresh parmesan on top. The fish and chips were disappointing. The french fries were very soggy. I was a little shocked that the french fries were less crispy and tasty than the ones I had for lunch at the Augustus Cafe (the 24 hour cafe in Caesar's). Maybe I just got a bad batch? The fish was also lacking in flavor and crispness. Really disappointing. In contrast, the entree my husband ordered, the gnocchi, was fantastic. The dessert was mediocre. The three mini snickerdoodles were probably homemade but honestly didn't really taste it. Pretty blah overall. The butterscotch pudding was okay but nothing special and frankly reminded me of Jell-O pudding. The service was pretty good; waters stayed filled and the order taken and food arrived in a timely fashion. I definitely felt that other tables were getting a little more attention but perhaps this was because we were casually dressed and I ordered off the lounge menu.  The food on the regular menu is probably significantly better and indeed this was proven by my husband's gnocchi.
5	I was astounded by the service and the food at this joint. Honestly, for $150 per person including wine/cocktails/private dining room/tour of the kitchen/all the food we could eat in Vegas - are you kidding me? That's a steal. I don't remember one person at the table having a complaint. Hat's off to this place - world-class food and outstanding service with no attitude.
3	This place was just okay. The menu seemed to be a little generic and lacking in anything unique. Seemed like something that could be found at almost any nice restaurant. I wasn't too thrilled when I was told my first choice of entree, scallops, was out. My husband and I both ordered off the 3 course, $59 prix fixe menu. I did enjoy my blue cheese souffle to start and I would have to say its one of the most unique things on the menu. My husband's caesar salad was good but nothing special. I had the fish for the entree, I wish I could remember what kind. It was some sort of white fish. It was decent, but perhaps a little over salted. My husband had the chicken which he said was good but did not compare to a similar entree he had for lunch at Spago. I had the banana fosters for dessert which I wasn't crazy about and I left about half on my plate (doesn't happen often with desserts for me). My husband had a peanut butter dessert thing which like most of the meal was good but not spectacular. We did both enjoy the complimentary butterscotch pudding that came with the dessert. A few notes about the restaurant aside from the food:Price wise, I didn't think it was too bad but I was a little in shock that my cocktail was $17. The only time I had paid that much for a cocktail before was at Mastro's in Costa Mesa but it was essentially 2 1/2 drinks for that price since I got my margarita in my glass as well as everything in the cocktail shaker. I expected that here too for the price but all I got was an average size drink that tasted a bit below average. Way too sweet for my liking.Service was polite but a little lacking. Our appetizers came out before the bread. Had I not noticed that people sitting next to us had gotten bread and specifically asked for it, I doubt we would have been given any. I don't recall ever going to a restaurant and having that happen, not even a place like Cheesecake Factory, let alone a supposed fine dining establishment. I found it a bit disconcerting to be at a restaurant that seemed like it was trying to evoke a calm, quiet environment yet we had a clear view of the middle of the casino and we could hear the noise of it pretty loudly throughout the meal. I've eaten at quite a few restaurants in Vegas casinos before and its never bothered me before. Perhaps their acoustics weren't the greatest. With that being said, I do have to say I liked our booth. It was similar to the cabana style booths at Nobhill. Only after we had ordered our meal and been served our appetizers did we notice several tables next to us ordering the supposed "best burger in Vegas". We asked about it and they told us it was off the bar menu. I knew there was a bar menu with a burger but our server never informed us that we had the option to order from it. Our server just said that we could do that "next time". Hmm, not sure there will be a next time. With so many places to pick from in Vegas and even in Caesars, I doubt that I will be back after a merely mediocre experience.
5	I love this place!  Two visits and both spot on.  I really enjoy the mellow vibe here and it's fun to watch the action while you are eating.  Enjoyed the best Manhattan of my LIFE and some bar snacks.  Shrimp and cheese were awesome, changed out one of the specified cheeses for another so we could try something new (Buzz Cheddar).  There is a real mix of clientele here and everyone from the well dressed trio eating on an expense account to the dorky white dudes in crappy sports gear nursing draft beers and watching the game seemed to me to be treated with the same great service.  We never felt rushed or upsold (amazing in Vegas) and they happily accommodated a few special requests...
4	I have stayed at Caesars a couple of times before and wanted to finally try this restaurant.  I ate at the bar and ordered the prix fix menu.  Very good and very rich souffle.  I then had the Halibut.  Pretty tasty.  But, my favorite was the housemade ice cream sampler.  It was a good ending to a nice meal.
4	I probably would give it 4.5 out of 5. We split the burger and two entrees. The only negative was the burger was hyped as the best burger in Vegas and it was fine, but not memorable. At the end of the day a burger is just a burger. It was huge and the meat was prime, but the seasonings were subtle and the grill obviously had a few hot spots as parts were charred. But the Duroc Pork stole the show. It was perfectly cooked and had an amazing flavor. The Halibut also left a good impression. The French Fries were also quite good. Very good wine list with good value at both ends of the spectrum. Chef Ogden gave us a very informative kitchen tour and the service was outstanding.
4	Bradley Ogden's prix fixe menus are great values. I have eaten here twice and enjoyed both dinners immensely. The last meal I ate started with a cheese souffle - I'm not an egg eater, but this was the bomb. The Duroc pork loin is amazing. Imagine a steak that tastes like bacon. You'd love it. Hell, you'd marry it. Then for dessert, bananas foster cake. Ok, wheel me out in a chair.
4	Based on the reviews I read here, I was excited to try Bradley Ogden's on a recent trip to Vegas. We were not disappointed!! We were able to walk in and were seated immediately with no reservation.  Our server was wonderful, friendly and extremely helpful.  All three of us ordered the prix fixe hamburger meal, and it really was the best I've had! The Caesar was fantastic, the burger was to die for, and the dessert was surprisingly great, though I'm not a huge fan of butterscotch. Needless to say, we walked away stuffed!!
4	Ate a delicious caesar salad and burger at the bar. Highly recommended.
4	Before heading to Pure at Caesar's Palace  we stopped for a bite to eat in the lounge at Bradley Ogden. Since there was a small group of us we decided to share several different things on the menu including; roasted fois gras with macadamia nut crepe, orange curd, and marinated cara cara oranges (we had to get two of those); crispy Florida rock shrimp; line caught black cod fish and chips; and the house ground steak burger and fries. The presentation of the fois gras ($29) was unusual and appealing. The crepe was half rolled making it easy to get a forkful, and the orange curd and cara cara orange segments added the perfect amount of tartness and sweetness to the dish. The only complaint was that the fois was cut too thick, decreasing the surface area available for getting the dark sear that is a must. We agreed if they had cut the piece in half and doubled the surface area, the dish would have been more successful and not felt as heavy. The rock shrimp ($17) were certainly crispy, as advertised, and were tossed in a sweet sauce. Normally this would be something I would devour completely but in this case the cook used too heavy a hand with the salt, making it difficult for me to eat more than a few.  Other than that, it was near perfect in execution. The 'fish' was battered well and the black cod they used was buttery and flaky, yet something about it tasted very heavy, and almost creamy on the interior of the batter. Between the five of us we left one piece on the plate, so something about it obviously made it hard to eat more than one. The burger ($19) was excellent, but for the money I'd rather go to Binion's (you must go try one here). If you want to sit in a more sophisticated environment while you eat your burger , however, (is that oxymoronic?) then Bradley Ogden would be the better pick and possibly worth the $13 price increase. Possibly. I must say I was dissapointed with the fries that came with both the burger and fish, especially for a restaurant of this caliber. Although they were hand cut and looked great, they weren't super hot and tasted somewhat stale, as if they had been held under a heat lamp too long. I know they would have been a million times better if they were fresh, but imagining what they could have tasted like didn't make me happier.The only other time I went to Bradley Ogden I had the roast chicken, which truly impressed me. I could imagine someone who grew up on a farm tasting it and saying, "now this is how chicken is supposed to taste." Our lounge meal was very good, but if you want the wow factor from a restaurant with a reputation such as Bradley Ogen, I'd get the chicken.
4	Maybe my fav Vegas spot.  And right in Caesars Forum shops too!!!! Get the foie gras.... incredible. We toured the kitchen which was a testament to the quality of food here. This is a safe bet for business or personal dining. Very special spot.
5	Seated 4 right away on a busy Saturday Night.Cesar Salad: Ranking as one of the best I've eaten.Foi Gras: Bar none quality and close attention to duck farming location.Great wine selection.
4	I just realized I did in fact go back for the burger and forgot to tell yelp about it! We dined in the lounge. The burger was at the top of our list but craving foie gras as well we decided to get one foie and one burger to share. The foie was one of the coolest foie preparations I've ever had. It had a peanut butter mousse and a pomegranate jelly and toast. Sort of a pb&j take on it. MMMMSo I'm on the fence on whether the $29 burger + salad + dessert is a good deal vs the $19 burger. The pudding and cookies is downright incredible and probably worth the $10 to me, but the caesar salad was  boring. I guess that's a decision you'd have to make for yourself! The burger was definitely amazing. Merlot - butter.. yup, f-ing MERLOT BUTTER is on this burger. The beef is rich and delicious and he forms it with the perfect blend of sirloin/ribeye/etc to make sure it's fatty and delicious. The bun is perfect. The cheddar cheese is perfect. Is it worth $19? I dunno, it was to me but I know some people just wouldn't get enough enjoyment out of it ! Is it the best burger in Vegas? It's definitely in the top 2 (sorry, I love my kobe at Burger Bar too much to just overlook them). Oh lastly I'd like to add dining in the BO lounge is a great way to have a relatively cheap special dining experience. We ate here for our anniversary before going to see Elton John and were pleased with how far our $100 took us. Drinks, bread, yummy foie gras and a HUGE  gourmet burger. Oh and salad and bada** dessert too. If you've been dying to try a piece of BO but can't justify his $100ish per person price tag, pony up $20 for a burger !
4	Had a quick meal in the lounge on a Tuesday night (Mondays and Tuesdays are only lounge food days): a 3 piece cheese dish with a glass of wine. The cheese was great and well worth the price. The wine - on the other hand - was pricey and absolutely not up to par. Overall a nice experience with a great atmosphere.
5	Without a doubt, one of the best experences we've had in Vegas so far. Exceptional white table cloth service, beautifully presented food, and a pleasant, friendly atmosphere made us want to come back the next time we are in Vegas! The food was delicious - just far enough outside the box that we were highly impressed, but not so exotic that it was unfamiliar. Even with it's great ratings, this place is underrated in my opinion and well worth the money - you won't be disappointed!
5	During my stay at Caesar palace, this was the only restaurant I honestly eniyed going to. Don't waste your time at Mesa grill or the Japanese restaurant. Anyhow I came here two nights in a row. DELICIOUS! the service was very good as well. Our waiter was very friendly and i had a good experience overall. I got halibut off the summer prefix menu and every bite was amazing. Their Caesar salad was also the best I've ever had!! YUMMY! Daniel got the rib eye steak and thought it was really good. They go around offering your bread.. i enjoyed the pretzel one, they give you soup compliments from the chef, and a butterscotch mousse for  dessert which is super good. I also had their sorbet which was.. OK.  Like Arnold says.... I'll be back :0) hahahs
5	Delicious food. Impeccable service. Beautiful decor and atmosphere. Real-life funny:My husband: "why was I served a plate of bubbles?" [seconds later waitress pours out soup from canister into bowl]now THAT is swanky-fancy. Every time I think about this it cracks me up. We were young and inexperienced.
3	This was the best restaurant in Las Vegas five years ago.  But then Bradley left, and then his son left, and the perfect quality has now become merely good.The twice baked Maytag Blue Cheese Souffle, which for a long time was the best thing I've ever eaten has turned into a gummy mess.  The attention to detail (in terms of the food) is sadly no longer there.Service remains great, though.  And the burgers on the bar menu are really excellent.I just can't forget the old days...
4	When I got to town, they rated the best burgers in town.  I went to Bradley Ogden's which was in the Top 3 and WOW!  What a great Burger. Unfortunately, the fries are thicker and soggier, and Julian Serrano was probably a little better.The Burger was amazing.  I say try it.  It's $19.95, but worth it.I had the Agave Cooler for $19.  Nothing that spectacular.  The Agave Cooler at La Salsa for $11 was better.They have a $550 Drink made out of Cognac.  Next Time I hit it Big, I'm drinking that!
5	Im not going to tell you about the food in this review as I think you can garner a good idea from plenty of other posts.  I'll just say you wont be disappointed w/ the food here.  What I did want to talk about in this review was the 'experience' and the quality of service and how special BO made us feel.As a surprise to my wife on our 10 year anniversary, I flew her to LV and set up a night of dinner, show and dancing.  So, the dinner HAD to be special.  I called for reservations and mentioned in the 30 sec conversation that it was my 10 yr anniv hoping for a good seat but thinking there was no way we would get any preferential treatment.   Well when we arrived, not only did we get a the best seat in the house for the two of us, but we also had a menu preprinted and designed custom for just us AND a glass of champagne on the house.!!  We happened to bring a bottle of wine that was special to us and the opened it free of corkage as well (although we just gave our server the corkage in the tip.All night they catered to us and treated us as if we were royalty.  I can't thank them enough for doing this and it definitely made the night very special.  If you want to treat someone to not only a great dinner but a very memorable experience, choose BO and give them a chance to be a part of it.  You wont be disappointed.
5	Chef Todd is amazing! We had five courses before the main dish, I was amazed at everything I ate, there was nothing that I did not like, or should I say, loved! My waiter was incredible nice, and friendly but professional. Our experience went beyond our expectation. We will definitely go back to Bradley's. To start we had the hummus-very tasty and it has a nice zingOsetra caviar with creme faiche It was incredible good, and I don't like caviar, this quickly changed my mind and my boyfriends too.  Tomato with burrata and tomato gelee, ricotta salataIt was out of this world, we loved this simple, but complex dish so much.Pan roasted halibut, saffron broth, musselsThis was a well balanced, dish. The saffron worked so lovely with the fish, the fish was buttery, moist, just plain delicious! Corn SoupYou have never had corn soup until you have Chef Todd's corn soup!  It was like drinking a sweet, savory corn on the cob, it was smooth, silky and it was very light, not weighed down by cream, it just had the right amount. A very delicate soup. His soups and the whole menu is seasonal, so I can't wait to go back for the next season soup. yummmmmy! Main CoursePetaluma free range chickenit was perfect, I just could not fit anything in my stomach. these are the time where I wish a had a big stomach. Tomato zucchini lasagnaIt's very good, but not what you would expect from a lasagna. It doesn't have sauce, bechemele, or tomato sauce, it's just a simple but delicious layers of tomatoes and zucchinis.  It was simple and good.Dessert:ice cream sampler:Tahitian vanilla, strawberry, gianduja, and corn (yes yo heard it right, corn!)The corn ice cream was so good, it was an interesting flavor, but it was really good, it made me smile. The ice cream was not overly sweet, it was the perfect amount to give you the feeling of eating something sweet without giving you that overly sweet, sticky feeling. I love this ice cream, and if they packaged it and sold it, I would buy it.My entire experience was amazing, I ate good, I enjoyed every aspect of my meal, and there was NOTHING that I would complain about, everything was right down perfect.Thank you Chef Todd we had a great experience at your restaurant, I will for sure be back for more.
4	The 29$ tasting menu is criminal. This is the steal of all time in discounted menu offerings in the recession era.  Of course if you're looking for reviews about the lounge burger, which is raved about as the best burger in America, fear not-- you can have that, a small amuse, a salad and a delicious finish for desert.  The burger is that good. It's pretty casual on slow nights like mon-tuesday, you can even get away with shorts. I wouldn't try that move at dinner.Excellent.
5	This restaurant by far exceeded my expectations in so many ways!The food (each and every course) was to die for!! From the minute we got there, they sat us in a private room for a group of 8 and they catered to us as if we were royals! Everyone was very friendly and I can only await the day I eat there again!!
5	Bradley Ogden is inside Caesars hotel in Vegas and is an absolutely FABULOUS restaurant!! We were able to get same day reservations and were treated like royalty by the staff from entrance to exit. We started dinner with their signature Caesar salad and their Carrot Ginger soup... SUPERB! They even split it for us!! Then we had the Gnocchi, Alaskan Halibut, and Ribeye steak... which were all to die for! For dessert we had the sorbet, ice cream sampler, and bread pudding. WOW, it was all AMAZING! A truly fantastic dining experience!!!
4	The Alaskan Halibut was probably the best fish dish I've ever had. The blue cheese souffle was over the top. My only complaint was the service. Our waiter was stiff and unfriendly and the bus boys dropped the ball in every way possible. I would have given this place five stars if the service matched the level of the food.
3	This review pertains to the restaurant week dinner menu (2010 - which is very similar to their summer tasting menu) The Skinny: well executed dishes with some missteps and odd flavour profiles for their chicken dish, dessert was rather poor for a restaurant of this quality (3.5) service: so-so, not great for a fine dining establishment (3), value: though the serving sizes are large for a tasting menu, you can't overlook the not-so great desserts (3). I would say there is a large contrast between the attitude of this restaurant for Restaurant week than the others. First of all, no signage signifying that it is participating in this event. Plus, the server required us to ask about the Restaurant week menu before we were able to see it. He seemed rather gloomy about providing this for us. Our waiter didn't really interact with us at all - he didn't offer any specials or any details about the menu. Did I mention it took a while for him to even show up at our table? At this point, the restaurant was pretty empty too. This is a huge contrast to the service we received last night at Sage (which was excellent, for your information). Alright, enough griping. On to the food. We started with a refreshing amuse of israeli couscous. The bread course was interesting with the rather tasty blue corn muffin (would have like a little more crisp on top but overall, really good) with a rather bleh dinner roll. We ordered the Caesar salad, the Blue Cheese souffle, the Duroc pork loin and the roasted chicken dish. Of note, with the exception of the souffle, the serving sizes here are enormous for a fine dining restaurant. This is a classic Caesar done well although I would have like a little more lemon in the dressing. The flavour of house made dressing was nice and I loved the presentation. Only gripe was the crouton was toothcrackingly hard even when mixed in with the other components. Blue cheese souffle with the plum and watercress was quite blue cheesy. Texturally, light with a crisp top, it matched well with the mild bitterness of the watercress and the sweetness of the plum. I would mention, if you're not a fan of strong blue cheese, you may not like this menu item (it kind of hits you like a truck at the end when you taste it). The Duroc pork loin with corn succotash was pretty good. The smokiness of the pork came through in this presentation and was well-seasoned. Wax beans gave it a more interesting texture to the succotash underneath. The roasted Petaluma Chicken with goat cheese gnocchi, ratatouille and roasted tomato salad had some major issues. Although the chicken itself was cooked perfectly - nice crispy skin, juicy chicken breast - the skin was very over salted. The goat cheese gnocchi had too much ?lemon flavouring in it, covering up the goat cheese flavour. Texturally, the gnocchi was rather gummy and not fluffy at all. The vegetables were rather bland. Not a successful dish. In both entrees, we were rather surprised at the lack of balance between the starches and protein. We would have preferred more than 3 pieces of gnocchi on the plate and a little more corn succotash. At this point, we would have considered giving this place a 3.5 to a 4 despite the rather lackluster service. But then the dessert arrived and it just killed us. We ordered the bananas foster and the peanut butter/chocolate dessert. I love bananas foster - all that rum-buttery goodness served warm with vanilla ice cream... what isn't there to like? It's an insult to call this dessert a bananas foster. Everything on this plate is cold, cold, cold. It's cold bananas mixed in with some sort of cold syrup (not much rum/butter to speak of) overtop of some cold banana bread with some oddly floral-sour tasting ice cream. I have one word for this - bad. The peanut butter/chocolate dessert consisted several components. A overly dry dense peanut butter brownie which was more the consistency of a cheap over sized cookie/cake than a brownie. The peanut butter cookie was okay, not great. The vanilla bean ice cream lack vanilla flavouring. The peanut butter milkshake was delicious however there was too much whipping cream on top to truly enjoy it fully. Overall, given the service and food quality - this place deserves a 3.5 star review.
5	This place is fantastic! One of my girlfriends is a personal friend of Mr. Bradley Ogden and so we were of course all treated like royalty! He personally ordered us champagne, tastings of several appetizers, and dessert. So, we were left to order our entrees on our own. I choose the rib-eye cooked medium rare and it was absolutely delicious! My favorite appetizer was artichoke soup, you have to try it!It's nice to have friends in high places because the menu is quite pricey. But, if you have the money to spend, then it is definitely worth it!
5	I came to Bradley Ogden to try one thing and one thing only, which was their famed Steak Burger which was claimed as the Best Burger in Las Vegas.  I really had to see this for myself since I've visited all the other gourmet burger joints of the Strip (BLT, Burger Bar, Le Burger Brasserie).I went there early on a Monday night so I was able to eat inside their cozy Lounge.  I opted for the $29 Prix Fixe Menu so that included a Salad, The Burger and Fries, and Dessert. Started off with Bradley's Caesar Salad.  Odd presentation with the leaves stacked on top of each other, but it worked.  It was like a leafy steak.Next was the main event.  The Steak Burger with Hand Cut Fries (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=4v4pLCxr0-WbnsfVunbReg).  The fact the it already comes with Fries is already a big plus.  If you go to places like Burger Bar, BLT Burger, and Le Burger Brasserie, you'd have to pay extra for it which should be sacrilege.  I ordered it with Cheddar Cheese based on my waitress' recommendation and had it done medium rare.  OMG!  This was a really really really good Burger!!  Just look at this close up shot (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=d8CFPFm35UQ4qrpIfe2_AA).  Very juicy and seasoned perfectly.  And the house made pickles gave it a nice sweet dill flavor that I love on any Burger.  It's definitely worthy of being the Best Burger in Las Vegas.Can I say that this Burger is better than 7x7's No. 1 Burger in San Francisco?  It is!  There I said it!  Don't get me wrong, Fish & Farm's Niman Ranch Cheeseburger is really good, but Bradley Ogden's Steak Burger totally trumps it.  It's not a total betrayal though, after all Bradley Ogden is from San Francisco =)Finished it off with dessert which was Butterscotch Pudding with Snickerdoodle Cookies.  It doesn't look like much, but the two work together nicely.  The pudding had just the right amount of sweetness and the cookies were soft but still had some crunch.  It was a pleasant dessert after the heavy burger.This was a great dining experience for me and I hope that next time I come back to Vegas, I will be able to try Chef Ogden's regular dinner menu....and also for another Burger as well =)  5 Stars!!!
3	I can't believe I'm giving Bradley Ogden only 3 stars on Yelp.  I mean, the food in general was great, but I think we came at a bad time.We had dinner there on July 31st.  Unbeknownst to us they were closing for a month two days later.  Normally that shouldn't matter, but they basically were running out of things on the menu.  It just seems odd to me that a place with a Michelin star wouldn't always want to put their best foot forward--maybe customize the menu each day based on what ingredients were left.  It was also a little unsettling thinking "we're having what they haven't run out of yet"...the freshness of everything comes into question.And it wasn't so much that some things were unavailable, but rather WHICH things were unavailable.  First thing gone was a roast corn soup.  Fair enough.  Then they were out of the Foie Gras....a real favorite of my wife and I.  Bummer.Finally...no Filet Mignon?  I mean come on.  I can *sort of* understand about something that is relatively exotic like Foie Gras.  But no filet? I can't even imagine what the NEXT night was going to be like.  Peanut butter sandwiches all around, perhaps?Anyway, I probably won't give it another chance.  There are too many great restaurants in Vegas to give a disappointment another go-round.
4	I was lucky enough to go to Vegas for a conference and was included in a group dinner over at Bradley Ogden's in Caesar's. First let me say that the service was outstanding - it's rare to find a top of the line place in Vegas that will seat a group of 15(with reservation made that morning). Our servers were prompt and knowledgeable, both about the food and the wine, which expedited our evening and allowed us all to sit back, relax and have fun during the meal.Everyone tried something a little different, though several folks went off of the prix fixe menu, and they all highly suggested it. I skipped the appetizers and although I ogled the Kobe Beef, I went straight for the Prime Ribeye. It was perfectly cooked. And when I say perfectly cooked, I mean PERFECTLY melt in mouth, medium rare. Although it didnt come with any sides(you order them on your own) it was extremely filling, and beyond delicious. Finishing it off with butterscotch pudding was the icing on the cake, and was so sweet it took away the sting of those gambling losses over the week.Seriously, give it a shot. You won't regret it. Just remember to bring your wallet....and maybe someone else's too.
5	My reviews are coming all at once because I suddenly had one of those urges to.. yelp my days away :D I promise that my reviews will be a bit more consistent from here on out :)Anyways, I loved this place.  Although I've eaten at a lot of fine dining restaurants, I felt like I was a bit intimidated at Le Cirque by all its glory (yes, I gave it a 5), but I felt relaxed when I was at Ogden.  EVERYTHING about it was just.. perfect!  I sound like some blond cheerleader..Naturally, the decor in fine dining places at the Vegas strip is beautiful- pretty modern and never outdated.  Ogden's is no exception.  Surrounded by warm woods and soft lighting, it is a stark contrast from restaurants like the metal jungle Shibuya at MGM Grand and Barmasa at the Aria.My family and close friends (party of 7), went there one night with reservations, and it was amazing.  The service was indefatigable, being able to put up with the demands of my mother, and even I could tell that she was a bit intimidated by the ambiance of the whole place.  The front of house serves traditionally- starting with the ladies going clockwise and then the men.  Serving dishes from the left, taking them from the right, everything was like clockwork.  Fancy, fancy...The manager greeted us after the server took our drink order, which is always a warm touch to any dining experience.  The drink I got was recommended by the server- a sparkling chardonnay.  NO IT WAS NOT CHAMPAGNE, people keep telling me that, holy crap.. it's not.  It was amazing and totally out of this world.Aside from the 5 choices of bread that kept me full, I got a caesar salad which was good- it didn't taste like Walmart salad, but it didn't dance in my mouth- I mean, what do you expect from a salad?The main course I got was Alaskan halibut (Alaskan halibut, an endangered species at a restaurant whose chef seems like one of those green peace dudes?  yeah, shut up).I expected it to be bland because that's how halibut is naturally, but I was very surprised.  Slightly tangy, it was accompanied by some greens.  It wasn't filling, but are main courses in fine dining restaurants supposed to make you feel bloated?  Anyways, you can tell from the flavor and the pairings of the ingredients in the halibut that this came from a chef who was still a true gourmand chef at heart.. unlike some (ahem, Mr. Puck).The menu is purely organic and constantly changes with each season.  When you eat in the summer, you won't see the same dish in the winter, nor will you see it in the summer the year after.  The diversity and evolving nature of this restaurant is the reason I gave it a 5-star.The website tells you that it is traditional American, but I call it contemporary.  I don't see anything traditionally American in Atlantic diver scallops in .. coconut curry.A dinner for two there is very appropriate- they even have a bar nearby to bring your buddies to.  Don't bring your children or toddlers- you don't want to make the angelic waitstaff turn bitter on you, if it's possible.  Otherwise, it's amazing.
2	My boyfriend and I had dinner there on November 13th...we had tickets to the Colosseum, so we figured and hour and one half was plenty of time...everything started out great...we ordered a beautiful bottle of wine while we read the menu....I ordered the Fois gras, and he had the twice bake souffle'....both quite good....and for dinner, I had the Pork Loin and he had the Halibut...another great choice...my boyfriend orderd from the Prix fix menu, and had ordered the desert choice at the same time as his first and second course...our waiter, dropped off dessert menus and left us for about 15 minutes...he should have just brought the dessert!  He was not very attentive, and we left dinner without dessert, THAT WE PAID FOR!, and ran to the show, as it had already started because our waiter did a poor job. Now before any of you send me nasty note, I was a captain in a five star restaurant, and when anyone made it clear to me that they had theatre tickets...I made sure make sure they're dining experience was not only perfect, but timely.
5	I had a very nice birhday dinner here over the weekend.  We had exactly 2 hours before we flew out and did not have a reservation.  They were gracious enough to accept us last minute and gave us our own cozy room with the waterfall.  The service was amazing.  Our server who seemed more like a friend, anticipated our needs and desires and succeeded.  Food:  House ground steak burger with blue cheese, cut fries and a salad.  Juicy, not greasy.  We also had the Blue cheese souffle which is heavenly.  We had Foie gras mousse to start and finished with a seasonal pumkin mousse custard in a cute flute glass sprinkled with pumkin seeds on the house! And he didn't know we were celebrating a birthday.  All my girlfrieds enjoyed their dishes as well.  It was a very memorable dining experience.  It's located in the ever so busy Caesar's Palace but once inside the restaurant, it felt like a get-a-way from the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  It's a fancy restaurant and I usually do not frequent places like that, but I felt comfortable and I was taken care of 5 star style.
3	I ate off the regular menu in the restaurant before and was not overly impressed with the food especially for the price.  On the other hand, I understand that the special bar menu is a great value.
1	this place is so over rated, it deserve a one star on yelp.. not from Michelin.... the waiter constantly trying his best to urge you order more food and some wine...  not to mention.. the kumamoto oyster was so petite... see picture...  very disappointing dinner...
5	The best darn mashed potatoes I've ever had!  The truffled mashed potatoes here are out of this world.  Super creamy and buttery... I can almost taste it as I write this review :(  I also had a pork loin that was recommended to be prepared medium.  As much of a foodie as I am, before this dinner.. I had no idea that you could eat pork undercooked!  To my pleasant surprise, the meat was much juicier and delicious this way.
1	Burger #184: Michelin Star #19: Burger Win/All Else FailFor my birthday weekend extra-gabanza, Vegas was the destination and burgers were on my brain. Well just one really. After countless hours search Vegas talk threads, reading endless reviews, and cross checking against all other foodie sites, I settled on Bradley Ogden for my sole Vegas burger.Hidden in the dark depths of Caesar's Palace, it was quite the hike to get to the restaurant. Once inside and seated with our cohorts, I began to scan the menu for my burger. IT WASN'T THERE! Freaking out, I feverously asked our server if I could still order the burger I thought they had. Then we all learned that all the food we had wanted was on the bar menu. So in true uncouth manner, we all stayed in the dining room and all ordered from the much cheaper bar menu. I got the burger, medium-rare, as part of a 3 course meal. I also added the foie since it was my birthday week. First came an amuse bouche of I have no idea. The flavor was indescribable as I cannot for the life of me remember a single thing about it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=ofjbhlxnYs4RcIERrU62wgThen my wife's large and uncut salad came, meh.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=PilAaN3bksUGAQwrhd-n_gNext up was the foie; perfectly cooked and it melted beautifully in my mouth. I think it came on French toast or something like that, but whatever it was, I loved it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=R7Z22Ri5ritivCsi7as0FgNow for the burger. It came simply presented with a tall cup of fries and a little salad thing to the side and three small dishes with some condiments. The bun, thank god, was not brioche and tasted pretty fresh.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=cV3UoVQRumiu_MC78Y_THgAfter one bite a "rare" problem occurred; my burger was UNDER cooked. Luckily it wasn't raw, but it was very rare and cool in the center. At this level of cooking, it was no wonder my patty lacked a good crust. The burger was seasoned lightly, but wasn't cooked enough to really let the meat shine. My friend's medium-well patty was served closer to medium-rare and he wasn't as okay with it as I was. The fries however were outstanding. Fresh and salty, just how I like them. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=75O4GRTCxO_rVGXGDVHwPwHere is where we ran into trouble; the mussels. Two of the four in our group ordered the mussels and both ate a couple and stopped. The mussels were raw. No question or debate about it, they looked and tasted as if they were merely blanched in hot water and that was it. Our awesome server saw their disgust from across the room and made a point to make it right, despite us telling him not to worry about it. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujKxpaUmTUVpGRBFSvZfbg?select=bvc7a3BTD80Vm7cFCm-RZwHe returned a few minutes later, and told us that the chef said if he made the mussels again, he would make them exactly the same! I didn't know what to think of that! The chef to be so bold and refuse to cook mussels so they weren't raw and make a customer happy was unreal! I have never had that happen to me in all my eating days. The chef may had well come out and spit on us. So one ordered another dish and my wife decided to not take any chances. And to wrap it up, two more horrors occurred. First while my wife was eating my side salad, she chomped down on a shell! In my salad! Way to take one for the team but WTF!? Then, only moments later, my friend who sent back her mussels in exchange for scallops, bit down on a large piece of shell as well!By the end of the meal I was mortified that I picked that place for dinner and couldn't believe how rude the chef was. Kudos to our server for being gracious throughout, but with that many issues in the kitchen, and only a par+ burger, it was the worst Michelin restaurant I've been to.
4	We went to Bradley Ogden last week in Las Vegas (at Caesar's Palace).  On the whole, very good, but not spectacular.   I should know better than to expect Rose's lime juice at a high end place, but I ordered a Kamikaze that was so tart (from freshly squeezed lime juice) that I had to ask for simple syrup to be added for a little sweetness.We started with Twice Baked Maytag Blue Cheese Souffle, which looked more like mini cheese muffins, but was tasty, and Celery Soup.Entrees included Pork loin with Potato Rosti and braised cabbage - incredibly flavorful Duroc pork, but a tad tough, and a butter soft and buttery flavored New York Strip that was fabulous.We anticipated a peanut butter and jelly bread pudding, but it wasn't on the menu that night, so we settled for French Toast bread pudding with semifreddo, fried dates and citrus.  The minute I saw the citrus, I thought, wrong!  It will overpower the bread pudding, and it did.  The date fritters were to die for - wish I had a whole plate of them.  Complimentary butterscotch pudding topped it off.Environment was elegant, and service was top notch, although I had to warm up to the "efficient" waiter.
4	I didn't know what to expect since I really didn't know much about the chef prior to arriving, but it was better than expected. The service started out slower than expected, but it improved throughout the meal. Their cocktail menu has some original and classic cocktails. Pretty good selection. I started out with 6 kumamoto oysters, and my husband started out with the blue cheese souffle. For the main course I had the best scallops I have ever had. I am a true scallop connoisseur and these were so tender and cooked so perfectly, a true winner! My husband had the roasted duck breast. Cooked perfectly with crispy duck skin. While this dinner was great, it was very pricey. Our total bill was $220 including tip. The portion sizes were not that great. I only had 4 scallops to my entree. The prixe fixed tasting menu may have been a better bargain, but I wasn't interested in a couple of items on that menu.  I'm glad we tried this place, but will not go back.
4	Long a diner at his San Francisco properties (One Market, Lark Creek Steak), I looked forward to a familiar menu of well cooked dishes. I always downgrade my expectations a notch or two for Las Vegas restaurants. What passes for 3 stars here would be fortunate to get  2 stars in a more discerning town. Nonetheless, onward.Enjoyed a glass of Willamette Valley Pinot as the table was prepared. Soon seated, we were served by a friendly waiter who delivered excellent service throughout the meal. I started with 6 very fresh Kumomoto oysters served with a very good mignonette. Excellent.A second glass of pinot anticipated the main course which arrived shortly. Duroc pork loin with potato rosti, braised red cabbage and granny smith apple. While tasty, the pork came out a bit dry and a touch overcooked. The potatoes and cabbage were fine. I only ate half the pork.While I didn't order dessert, a short glass of butterscotch pudding appeared and was taken in two spoonfuls. Very good...much like the San Francisco version.All in all a good, not great, meal.3.5 stars.
5	It's been only 3 months since my last review here, but I had to come back to Bradley Ogden for my favorite Burger on the Las Vegas Strip.  Besides the DB Burger at the now closed Daniel Boulud Brasserie, no other Burger on the Strip has given me complete satisfaction, even the Gourmet Burgers at Burger Bar and Le Burger Brasserie.  I made no hesitation to come back during their lounge hour.  And this time I decided to pass on the whole Prix-Fixe Menu and just ordered the Burger by itself, after all it does come with Fries.In case you forgot what it looked like, here's the pic (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=d8CFPFm35UQ4qrpIfe2_AA), yeah it's amazing!!  Didn't need to take a pic of my Burger this visit, simply because I devoured it right away!  It's just SO GOOD!!There will probably come a time where I will have to try the other items on the dinner menu at Bradley Ogden.  But I'm so glad that I can come here and just enjoy their awesome Burger whenever I come over to visit.
4	my fiancee and i dined here last week to celebrate her birthday.  we originally were going to get the prix fixe but felt like having steak again (we had just had steaks at BOA a few days before!  haha)anyway, we were fans of Ogden having eaten at his Solvang joint "Root 246" last Spring when we went wine tasting.the restaurant has a nice warmth to it; lots of wood and just dim enough to set the mood for a romantic albiet gut busting experience.we started off w/ a glass of champagne and i had some cocktail which now i've totally forgotten about.  ok, let's get on w/ the food..first we had the complimentary amuse bouche; it was a crab salad w/ crispy rice noodles w/ a hint of curry.  it was quite tasty and even tastier because the server accidentally gave us 2 servings each!  bonus!!next we shared the caesars salad.  OH MAH GAWD.  hands down the best caesars salad i've ever had.  the dressing was bursting w/ intense flavor; the cheese, the anchovies...wow.  even the romaine lettuce was super fresh, crunchy and delish.  if i were to base this review on the salad alone, easily 5 stars.  i even used the bread they gave us to wipe up the dressing left over on the plate.  oh, and the croutons!  super crispy like they had been deep fried.  bravo Mr. Ogden.my entree was the ribeye w/ fingerling pototoes and mushrooms.  unfortunately it was underwhelming.  good but not worth the $48 price tag.  i much rather have the ribeye from BOA or Ruth's Chris or even the Hawaiian ribeye from Houstons.  the meat was cooked perfectly, though; medium, just like i ordered it.  and it did have a nice 'woodsy' flavor, just as the name suggested.my fiancee had the NY steak.  it originally came w/ beets and potatoes i believe.  the server (who was great, btw; excellent service albiet a little on the slow side) asked if she liked beets.  she hesitated and said 'they are okay.'  so he asked, "what other vegetables do you like?"  carrots being her fav, she told the server.  viola!  her steak came on a bed of carrots and fingerling potatoes.  very nicely done.after our entrees we were stuffed and asked to have our leftovers packed.  we passed on dessert but i was wondering if the restaurant would bring someting out since i had mentioned to the lady taking the reservation that it was my fiancee's birthday when she specifically asked "do you have any special requests?"  but no.  it was a little dissapointing.  oh well.i didn't say anthing and we were ready to get on our way but then our server brought us two, mini shots of butter scotch flavored butternut squash and whipped cream desserts!  he said he didn't want us to leave w/o having something sweet.  nice!the minus one star accounts for two things:1) ok, not great steak2) when we opened up the leftovers, they completely left out all of my fiancee's carrots!!  what the hell?  that was her favorite part!  they just packed the meat and a few fingerlings (and the goat cheese croquet she didn't finish) but no carrots.  and she had a lot left over after her meal.  needless to say, she was bummed about that.overall, great service, fresh and high quality food.  we're still fans of Mr. Ogden and are looking forward to tasting his other creations.
2	While the food was delicious, the service was so poor I would never consider coming back.  Despite being there on an empty Thursday night, the staff was inattentive at best, and rude on several occasions.  Though we were assured that the chef could accommodate any dietary restrictions (including vegetarian) when we made the reservations, our waiter just kept telling us to order the only vegetarian dish on the menu, mushroom risotto.  He also brought the entire table a seafood amuse bouche after we explicitly discussed that one person in our party didn't eat seafood.Each time we tried to inquire about portion size (to figure out how many appetizers to order), our waiter would quickly leave our table, saying he'd come back once we had decided what to order.  At one point, we expressly said "don't leave" but he walked away anyways.  The tables that were seated after us received bread and drinks before we could even get the waiter to answer our questions.After speaking to the host about getting a different waiter, we were assured they would correct the problem. We then received a condescending tone and fake smiles from the same waiter.  The caesar salad was over dressed, and the chicken, while perfectly cooked, smelled like it was stuffed with trash.  The wine list is outrageously priced by anyone's standards.  Our vegetarian received a plate full of vegetables piled on top of each other after insisting that the waiter ask the chef to make a collection of sides.That said, the rest of the food was delicious, and the portion sizes were large. However, the service was so awful the whole thing left a bad taste in our mouths. I cant imagine Bradley Ogden would condone this type of service.There are so many wonderful restaurants in Vegas - bypass this one for something like L'Atelier du Joel Robochon, Alize, or Kokomos.
5	Dinner was just fantastic my steak was cooked perfect Good wine list if you look close you can find a hidden jem for real pricing
4	One of my favorite parts of being in Vegas is exploring all the amazing restaurants there. After doing some research on this Michelin rated restaurant @ the Caesars, I decided to come here with my girl friend on our first night in Vegas and had a wonderful experience.Everyone was really nice and warm, especially our waitress Alexis. She was very knowledgeable about all the food, and explained all the dishes to us in a very suave mannerism. Listening to her talk about the food was like music to our ears. We did not decide on the special prix fixe dinner, but instead ordered the bar prix-fixe and a side order of their famous cod, which was amazing. it was super tender, juicy, and flavorful. A little bit pricey as a single entree though, so if you're going to get that, getting the prix fixe that includes that is a better deal. We really wanted to try the kobe beef slider/burgers that's on the bar menu that everyone raves about, so we got that prix fixe which included a caesar salad (even that was super fresh and tasty), the burger, and then a dessert that had a sugar cookie and a tirimisu mousse cup. They said that they didn't have the kobe beef anymore, but it was the wagyu, which was still super high-grade. The burger was undeniably one of the best burgers I've ever had. It was sooooooooo juicy and flavorful and just omg, mouthgasm. The dessert was just ok, but must compliment on the breads here! They're served fresh out of the oven and still warm, and the mini ones that are sweet and the little muffins are just so good! I got seconds and still finished everything.Overall, it was a good experience that I enjoyed a lot. But maybe because I've been spoiled by going to Joel and Daniel Bouloud already in the past, this is stil 4 stars to me. Perhaps one day when I come back again I will get the full prix-fixe, but I would definitely want to just come by the bar and get a burger! :D
2	first restaurant fail of 2011lila h. and i were in vegas for a fun girls' weekend and decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner...we chose bradley ogden after hearing about their famous dessert on food network's "best thing i ever ate" and the many great reviews on yelp...to my (and her) disappointment, our dinner was so sofirst of all, i have to comment on how the meals were plated. everything that lila h. ordered came out with what looked like poo smears on the plate. i really wish i had taken pictures, bc it would really help illustrate what i'm trying to describe here. i know the kitchen was going for some artsy fartsy modern plating with sauces smeared here and there, but seriously, her pork chops came out on a plate that must've been substituted as toilet paper...i'm a very visual person and if it looks like there's poo smears on my plate, i'm going to probably lose my appetite just a bitoverall, the food was just average, nothing special at all. as an appetizer, i ordered the caesar salad which was definitely tossed with bottled dressing you can get from the grocery aisle (prob the generic brand) and lila h's cheese souffle were just meh, a little too salty for my liking. for my entree, i had scallops that were, texture-wise, cooked well, but flavor-wise were extremely bland. lila h's pork chops weren't badly seasoned, a little dry, but like i said, the plating really interfered with my enjoyment of the flavorsas for dessert...whoever the chef was that said that the banana's foster dessert-a-ma-bob was the best thing he ever ate, um, i will not be going to his restaurant EVER. what uncultured tastebuds! if that was the best thing he's ever ate, he certainly hasn't been around the block enough. if someone is going to vouch for a dessert on cable television, then i want ever single bite to be an orgasmic experience. my first bite was like the same disappointment a woman encounters when they meet an extremely gorgeous, charming man who ends up being a horrible lover in bed.maybe i was expecting too much, because the whole dinner was anticlimactic. the only thing i enjoyed was the teeny tiny complimentary cup of butterscotch pudding that comes out at the end...i guess sometimes big surprises CAN come in small packages.
5	Wow- is the word.  The food here was amazing.  We had a tasting menu - from the start was great.  My favorites were the risoto with lobster, the chestnut soup (which was served so elegantly) and the desserts of banana foster cake with cream cheese ice cream and butterscotch pudding.  When we were there we were treated wonderfully- service was impecable.  Truly a memorable experience!!!
3	I have so many mixed feelings about my experience tonight.....Went to Bradley's specifically for the lounge burger I've heard so much about. The place was packed.  Busy night.  We opted not to have a beverage.  All the specialty cocktails are $17.  Too rich for my blood.  The wine by the glass ranged from $11 - 30.  The $11 choice being a Gewurtz and $12 for a Reisling...no thank you.  The pinot noir and chardonnay were in the $16 range. yowsa!We ordered 3 burgers.  $19 each.  After 45 minutes (this is not an exaggeration) we got them.  We were ravenous by this point! And then, OH NO!!! my burger was wrong wrong wrong! Covered in blue cheese, which I just can't do. 15 minutes later I got a new one.The burger was delicious. Really delicious.  Approx 1/3 - 1/2 lb. dripping juicy slightly bloody fresh ground steak, topped with melted cheddar on a thick bun.  Fresh housemade pickles served on the side with a nice mesclun salad tossed perfectly in a sweet balsamic dressing.  The fries are rough cut and salty and good.After, we got the butterscotch pudding and fresh snickerdoodles.  A tasty, whimsical treat served in a shot glass with a sweet ittle demitasse spoon.The food was good, very good; but if someone told you "you have to wait 1 hour and pay $20 for a burger but it'll be good" what would you say?  I'd say thanks but no thanks.  Since our food took SO long and came out incorrect, Bradley's did the right thing and removed it from the check.  So all in all, I left very full and happy circa two hours later, but I can't imagine I'll be going back.
5	FAVORITE: chestnut soup, scallops, caesar salad we had a pretty huge party so they were able to give us this little room that they have sectioned off, it had a long table and glass windows so we didn't exactly have too much privacy, but it was nice. they had this little fountain next to us as well which i suppose is suppose to be peaceful.the menu however is kind of small and there isn't a wide selection, but i guess they didn't really need it since everything on the menu was delish!! since we had such a big party we almost ordered everything on the menu that night. so i had a green salad to start off, which was decent and the only reason why i say so is because i regret not getting the caesar. i had a bite of my bros and it was so good, had a hint of bacon and the dressing was not overpowering. the soup, a chestnut, which i didn't thik i would be fond of, but it also surprised me. it had the texture of a bisque almost and didn't have a strong taste, but it was something everyone enjoyed! i had the pork loin, which i think is a hard thing to make because it can easily be made very dry, but here it was almost perfection!! mom had the scallops which were also done medium, but came out very delicious. and from what i hear the rib eye was also very good!! the service was impeccable, however the bill is a little high, but i guess you kind of assume that coming into a restaurant like this. also, we had told them we needed to rush a couple orders cause my bro and his gf needed to rush to catch a show and they were completely understanding and accommodated to all our needs!
4	The food was excellent.  I came with vegetarians, so I didn't try any of the (delicious sounding) meat alternatives, but the blue cheese souffle and the risotto were excellent.  It's a lovely restaurant inside, but it's awfully close to the casino.  By contrast, the Bellagio restaurants (Picasso, Olive) are a real oasis, particularly given the side decks.  All that being said, I'll be back.
5	Service was impeccable. The wine was fruity yet light and went perfectly witht he ceasar salad and the steaks. All four of us had the same steak cooked to our liking. The bread was amazingly soft and delicious. We all enjoyed our meal and even though it was expensive for our taste, it was well worth the money. I highly recommend going if you have the means.
5	Found this on a previous "Las Vegas Seven" magazine, featured with a few other mentioned burgers but this seemed like a Must Have Now!! I was on a mission and all I wanted was the burger. They only offer one burger but they also had a pre-fix meal that included the burger, salad and their dessert for like 10 bucks more.. Might as well.Outcome of fixed meal:The Farmers Market Salad: Fresh, Fresh Greens, light dressing.. Very Nice!The Burger: Easily One of the Best Burgers I've had.  Eating this Burger should of been a Crime! Compared to other burgers, (gourmet, diner, fast food..) this just had a Very Obvious Quality, Balance and was Cooked right on point (I asked for medium well, came out more medium but no complaints)................ It was worth a Standing Ovation! It came with 3 dips/sauces:Pepper Mayo = I like mayo, a touch of pepperness.. can't go wrong  Dijon Mustard = strong horseradishy bite, add a little and it goes a looonngg wayKetchup =  typical, I just used this as dip for me fries Hand Cut Fries: comes on the burger plate: Fries were also awesome, genuine potato flavor..Butterscotch pudding and Snickedoodle cookies: I could of had a gallon of that pudding! Cookies were equally delicious!* Before the meal started, we were given an amuse - spoonful of some real crab creation. What a tease! Just melted off the spoon..* Bread basket: ..The brownie, What a Treat!* This meal was split between my girl and I, I mentioned to the server/bartender that we were going to share, nothing else. We received our burger plate already split in half on 2 separate plates along with 2 of everything else and looked like equal full portions (dipping sauces, veggies, fries..) + XX Stars!!* Shout out: We met a really friendly lady at the bar that made our experience even better! I would consider her a foodie and so it was easy conversation. We did talk about "Yelp", I tried convincing her to join as she had the evident whim and attitude that would certainly benefit the community! We even exchanged/traded a piece of my burger with a piece of her wagyu.. By the way that wagyu was ridiculously Amazing! Thanks Elena, come aboard!Service was 11/10, Ambiance was elegant and comfortable, All the food, especially the burger was a 10/10, Worth every penny, more than I expected!....
3	Great service. Had a fixed menu for a vendor event. Decent caesar salad, ok ribeye (prepared perfectly, but raw material doesn't compare to a great steakhouse), and bananas foster dessert was only so-so. Better options in vegas for the price.
5	Another fabulous Las Vegas restaurant!  The decor and atmosphere are classy, but comfortable, the service from our primary waiter was impeccable (truly a professional) and the food was outstanding.  The signature Caesar salad was very good and my New York Strip Loin was flavorful and downright delicious - probably the best steak I have tasted in a long time.  The sommelier was rude and condescending when I sent the first bottle of wine back, but she must have gone and tasted it because when she came back with a different bottle she was lovely.  The first bottle really was terrible!Overall, a fantastic experience!
3	Maybe I am bitter, but after hearing raving reviews about the burger, I just HAD TO TRY IT.  $19 for a burger.  I thought I was going to get a filet mignon wrapped between buns or similar to that; but alas, it was the ground beef type of burger.  Don't get me wrong, the burger was juicy, it was tasty, and my goodness it was the best burger I have ever eaten.  However, if you think about it, how good can a burger be??? EXACTLY!  It can't get that much better.  For 1/3 the price, I can get a really delicious and juicy burger elsewhere.  On a scale of 1-10, Bradley Ogden's burger is a 10, In-N-Out is a 9.  So save your burger experience, and get something else if you dine here.Aside from the burger, the appetizer oysters were good.  I am not an oyster person, so probably not the best judge.  The foie gras was like any other foie gras.  They tried to be a creative by adding a waffle to it, but it didn't enhance the dish that much.  Pork was delicious!  Try that dish.  Excellent service.  I like Bradley Ogden, but I probably won't be back given all the other food choices that are available.  But it was an overall good experience (except for the $19 burger).   Gosh I am bitter.
4	Came strictly for the burger, and while it wasn't the absolute greatest burger I've ever had, I can't say that this was a disappointment because honestly, it's not fair to expect any place to give you the best anything you've ever had (despite what GQ's Alan Richman might say).  Very good flavor, reasonable price ($19), not much to complain about.  Also really loved the decor and the service was very good.  Definitely recommended.
5	Amazing service. Amazing food. A great dining experience!I've been waiting to try Bradley Ogden for years. Finally I can check this restaurant off my list! They happen to have a summer prix fixe menu that was too good to pass up, so for $59, I got:Tomato Soup - DELICIOUS! Love the grilled cheese sandwich in the soup.Pan Seared Halibut - who woulda thought to put watermelon with fish? Not me! But I loved the dish. Light and refreshing.Banana Fosters Cake - HOLY $%*#%^(@. One of the best things I've ever eaten. Now I know why it was featured on Food Network. WOW. I would totally go back just to have this dessert.Thank you Bradley Ogden! You where the highlight of my Vegas weekend!
5	I ate at Bradley Ogden with a conference group last night and had the Pan Seared Alaskan Halibut with cucumber noodles and bok choy, in a watermelon broth. It was absolutely splendid, one of the best tasting fish dishes I've ever had.
4	I did not taste anything that I didn't like.We had reservations on a Friday night, table of 6.  Most of our table did the Summer Prix Fixe menu.  I selected the Tomato Soup, Halibut, and Banana Fosters cake.  Tomato Soup is served with the small grilled cheese in the bowl first, then at the table the soup is delicately served in the bowl.  If you don't eat the grilled cheese first, it will get soggy.  This soup tasted and smelled delicious!The Halibut was perfectly cooked and had "cucumber noodles".  The "noodles" were long strands of cucumber.  This went nicely with the watermelon soup?  Such a nice summer entree - very refreshing!The banana fosters cake was more like a muffin/cupcake and was served with a creamy cream cheese ice cream.At our table we also had a pork loin - YUM! and Maytag blue cheese souffle.  I was really surprised to how much I liked the blue cheese souffle! Make sure you eat it with the other items because all the flavors complement each other really well (it is really rich though - should go nice with a wine).If you want to have a nice fancy dinner, try Bradley Ogden.Note:  Our server was only okay - not very attentive.  When we wanted to pay, he was no where to be found.OH WAIT!! How could I forget  THE BLUE CORN MUFFINS?  They are the best for when then bring the bread around.
3	The atmosphere is OK, I guess - it's off of a casino, and caters to everyone dressed better than a tank top.The wait staff was pleasent.The Foie Gras 2 Ways was 50% insanely awesome, 50% meh.  The strawberry w/ Spice Cake was a life changer, the other one was a waste of foie gras.I had scallops, all of my companions had ribeye.  I probably should have joined them.  The scallops were OK, certainly not Michelin Star quality.  They were cooked well, but nothing sucks more than a bunch of grit in your mouth when you bite into a scallop.
4	The food was well worth the $$$ spent.  The Pan Seared Halibut melted in your mouth.  The Rib-eye steak was grilled to perfection.
5	Yes please!came here couple weekends ago for a bachelorette dinner. we got a really cute private room and multiple visits from the executive chef. Each dish was like it's own little art peice, too pretty to eat. I hate it when food is presented nicely and then when you eat it, you're like wth..that was all for show. Not at Bradley Ogden though, it taste even better than it looks, now thats a rarity. I would go into detail describing all the dishes but we serisously had the whole menu between the entire group. The foie gras was delicious as so was the bluecheese souflee. mmm
4	Totally worth it if you're looking for a fancy/special dinner place.  The pork chop cost me a pretty penny and left me quite full -- but they brought a complimentary dessert shot of butterscotch pudding topped with pumpkin seeds.  It was just the right about of sweet to follow my entree.
4	On a Friday night in Vegas at 8, you would expect that it would be fairly difficult to get a table for 5 without a reservation, right?  Well, we managed to walk in to Bradley Ogden with a great table for 5 on a Friday night and we were so glad!  The service was very good and the food was excellent.  I wasn't super hungry since we had been to a buffet that morning, but I did get the rib eye and it was amazing!  My friends got the tomato soup and loved it.  They have a huge wine list and my friends were very happy with their selections.Everything we had was great!  No one was hungry enough for dessert at the end, but the chef sent out mini desserts for each of us anyway and they were great!
5	Girls' Night + Las Vegas Restaurant Week + Bradley Ogden = five princesses eating like queens and being treated like empresses.We started in the bar (bien sur!) where I was given an amazing recommendation of a granache blanc when I didn't care for the chenin blanc/viogner blend. When it was time to move to our table, both the sommelier and our waiter were in attendance to make sure we had all we needed and that our drinks were moved, etc.As we were choosing a bottle of wine, we were presented with a glass of champagne to toast our evening. A fantastic special extra! As we deliberated, I asked my companion if Orin Swift was on the list and immediately everyone said "The Prisoner!" That set it for us, and the sommelier quickly brought it back for tasting and pouring.Before we ordered, we were given information on the specials and, as we deliberated over the regular menu and the LVWR menu, a smoked salmon and creme fraiche amuse was delivered. Served on a chilled spoon it was a cool, refreshing, perfect sampling of our culinary adventures would go this night. A perfect way to enjoy the champagne.  (And, yes, there was spoon-licking.)We decided to stay on the LVRW menu with the addition of a foie gras appetizer from the regular menu.The foie gras could easily be a meal for me. Maybe a salad and some wine to go along with it? This was something-to-write-home-about perfection. One portion was done as a pate, served cold with a strawberry gelee. The other portion was a generous piece, seared crisp on the outside but melt-in-your-mouth soft once you taste it. It was a good thing we ordered two!The twice-baked Maytag souffle was amazing. I expected it to be a bit heavy (blue cheese often is) but it was light, without sacrificing the tangy bite you would expect. Just the tiniest bit of perfect crisp on the outside, it was creamy and decadent without weighing down the dish or the other flavors.The halibut was flaky and done very well, with a nice crisp finish on the top. The flavors melded well and I loved the herbs and the watermelon broth... what a creative combination! The cucumber "noodles" were deceiving (in a good way) and added a fresh crispness that I wasn't expecting.I also tasted of my friends' free-range chicken dish (highly recommended by another friend before I went to dinner). So tender and juicy, the crisped exterior is rubbed perfectly with herbs and the whole thing comes together very well. Really fantastic.The chocolate pudding was, by far, the best pudding I have ever had. It had a texture and a depth of flavor that kept all of us digging into the bottom of cup and wishing we could go further. We were also surprised with a butterscotch pudding shooter that was a fabulous blend of the buttery, earthy flavors with the sweetness of homemade whipped cream and small chocolate pieces.Fairly high traffic outside, but I didn't notice the casino or nearby shoppes entrance once I was inside. The whole of the experience made me feel set away from the hub-bub and allowed me to enjoy the company of my friends without distraction or the ambient cacophony so prevalent in Las Vegas.Amazing service, perfect recommendations, and a great ambiance to the place overall. Add perfect food? You have five very happy, Vegas foodie gals raving for more.
4	This is one of the spots we visited for restaurant week. Honestly it was when we wanted to go, we didnt want to go mainsteam, but the other place was closed for the evening and I was starving. It wasn't a problem getting seated. The restaurant is nice and quite witht he room still being filled. We had a cute little corner table for two. In order of appearance: drink menu, wine menu, food menu, water, drink order, speil, drinks arrive, food order, bread. Very nice! Menu is kinda small but works. I decided to go with the RW menu, my BF decided on steak. TWICE BAKED MAYTAG BLUE CHEESE SOUFFLE-too much blue cheese. I know, why did I get it?! I love blue cheese, but it overpowered everything on the plate. Nice texture, great presentation.PAN ROASTED ALASKAN HALIBUT-this was delicious, the fish was cooked soooo well and the watermelon broth, definetly simple, and genious.BANANAS FOSTER CAKE-had better. Still very good, not big enough though. Banana foster to me cant be gourmet, dont make it to be, just let it be:)DUO OF FOIE GRAS-all delicious , but on the seared style they missed a few veins. Made it hard to eat.OAK GRILLED RIBEYE- Im a picky steak person, and I always have something to down it. This was a great pick. I ended up eating his leftovers:)Thank you bradly ogden, we loved it. Our server was great too( boy cut short hair, petite girl) around, but not too much.
4	I have to say the food quality was remarkably high, but the portions were very small.  I'm not a fat, pig-like dude at all.  But when the appetizer is the same size as an amuse bouche at other restaurants you have go "hmmm."  When your main course is the size of an appetizer at other places, you have to go "hmm."  For this reason, I didn't get a dessert figuring that it would be the size of a life saver.Wine selection is excellent.  Though I noted several similarities with Spago's selection--only twice the price per glass.Service was very good, absolutely no complaints.
4	I've eaten at Bradley Ogden four times. The service is always impeccable and food very good. They usually have a very reasonable prix fixe offering and that's the way I go. If you're in Vegas, it's definitely worth a visit.
5	This is my tribute to Bradley Ogden as this will probably be the last time I write about this place.  Sadly, the space has been bought by Chef Gordon Ramsay and he will be turning it into a gastropub.  It's really too bad because I never got to go inside the actual restaurant.Granted, I've only been to their Lounge and have had only had their Burger.  But it's so good that it's been worth coming back for time and time again.  Once I found out that it was closing down, I had to stop over one more time to get my All-Time Favorite Burger!!Here it is one last time....(http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=NRo0AziuU9kvyPAR-2vouw).  Prime SteakBurger with Cheddar Cheese cooked medium rare with Handcut Fries.  It's so simple and that's what makes it's so great!And here's the money shot with my Burger fully assembled (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=_NTOCJ8J_dBkacrSjgDcNQ).  Sooooooo Goooooooooood!!!  I really hope they relocate to another property on the Strip because I'm really going to miss their Burger.Thankfully, Bradley Ogden has a couple restaurants in San Francisco so I'll still have a chance to try his fine cuisine.  Unfortunately, I won't be able to at his namesake restaurant in Vegas.  Thanks for the Burger memories!!!
5	Came here for dinner after getting denied seating at Mesa Grill. So glad that happened as it is way nicer! Jonesing for steaks, we saw the faux James Beard accolades and went in. The front room has a more upbeat vibe for groups, while the back room is more chill for couples, etc.  We went off the pre-theater prix fix menu and ordered the oak-grilled steaks and split the shrimp cocktail and Maytag Blue Cheese souffles. All expertly executed and tasted great.  The appetizers were small enough to where I didn't think the dinner would be so big. Boy was I wrong. The steaks were a good size and pretty much put me in an embarrassing meat coma.  A tip - there are two sauces on the side. Not that you need them but you can always ask for a sample and try. Also delicious.We ordered the mac and cheese and creme fraiche potatoes which was sooo delicious and put me in a standstill.  The dessert are regulation size cheesecake and creme brulee. The entire meal was really delicious and well-prepared.The service between our waiter and the sommelier was fantastic. My only complaint is that the wine list was really expensive. Example, a half bottle of Cornerstone Cabernet was $68.  You can get that for half anyplace else.All in all, I would definitely come back for more ribeye. Great for a nice date night out or expense account dinner.
1	Well i was in the restaurant on whats called "Unlimited RFB" Which means my room, food and beverage is comped ie. free, for two people and yet still I feel i overpaid.Service was insanely slow. After 75 minutes I just asked for the check so I could leave. Theres more drama but I just posted on TA do id rather not relive it. Service was awful.. food was eh, of what we had, The entrees never made it. You should only speak good of people...its closing: GOOD
1	Had a wonderful time at the Elton John performance and couldn't get a table at Mesa Grill so we decided to give this place a try.BIG mistake. Nothing we ate was worth mentioning and the waitress was slow. The only thing I asked for was a refill of soda and had to ask a second time 20 minutes later. No wonder this place is closing!!We could have had a delicious meal at Norton's or Lawry's for the same price.
1	Party of 5 went there on 11/24/2011. Food was mediocre. Most of it was undercooked. Service was AWFUL!  We had to ask for water- repeatedly and wait long for it. Server gave us food for another table. He then brought out our food and walked around the room with it- not knowing where to take it.You can get better service in a cheap dinner! It is outrageous for the prices they charge.
4	This is as good as it gets. The food was awesome! Had the Pork Loin for Thanksgiving. Now I had been asked how I wanted my pork loin, I had never been asked that before. Steaks, sure. Not pork. They offered medium. I got the loin and it was pink. So I sent it back. No worries. The impeccable service made up for the underdone loin. Also got roasted beets, delish! Love beets! For dessert, pumpkin cheescake, of course! This cheesecake was the real deal, no imitations here! YUMM! Overall, a great dinner!
5	Wonderful service and great food.
4	Was fortunate enough to enjoy another meal at this place. Manhattans still awesome as are the oysters and the service at the bar. I do have to deduct one star because the server called me Sir, and although the Zombie Hunter is a bad ass, she is still a female and it pissed me off....
4	Overpriced (as is everything at Caesar's) but the meal was excellent. I will definitely go to Bradley Ogden again, just not at Caesar's.
4	Came here for a 20 person dinner with prix fix menu, it was high quality and excellent food. The wine list was also very good. Overall I was impressed, and I came here with lowered expectations due to things I had read. I would come back.
5	Started with oyster and apple foam. Wine pairing long wood champagne. First course mixed green salad with chestnut soup and a great white wine with a crisp finish. Second course foie gras on a bed of diced potatoes and a pear marmalade with a beautiful krachen sweet wine. Third course salmon on a crispy potato and celery patty with fennel and celery root. A great red paired with it. Fourth course a superb filet mignon with a herb mash potato. Paired with a cabernet and followed by va spice cake topped with bananas. Fantastic meal. Great service.  The price for the three of us with one wine pairing was $428.  Not bad for what we got -- a great meal and wonderful service.  Compliments to the chef!!!
2	No wonder it is closing. I was there for dinner on 12/25th. Few customer were there. I sat at the counter and ordered the burger which a food critic had named the best on the strip. The burger was not on the menu for some reason. I waited for it forever. When it came it was another burger, not worth the wait or money. The fries and the coffee were the best part of the meal. Service was just OK.
5	Just a seriously awesome dinner. All of the food was exceptional. The service was fabulous. Atmosphere was lovely. Looking forward to coming back.
5	I'm not sure why people wrote below that it was closing.  It wasn't closed when we went.  We came here with a group of 8.  The wait staff was good and attentive.  I ordered the ribeye which came with potatoes and it was good but I tried my co-workers bison and it was definitely the BEST!  sooooooooooooo good!They also had a burger + half bottle of Cab Sauv deal which a guy we were with said is a good wine.  It looked good.  But next time I would definitely get the BisonLast but not least, they gave us butterscotch pudding and while we were all going to another place for dessert we ate it and it was delicious!  Everyone devoured it.  highly recommended
2	Came here on a Saturday night as a party of 4.  We had our hearts set on SW steakhouse but when we couldn't get same day reservations for SW we decided to try Bradley Ogden instead.  I had taken a look at their prix fix menu, which seemed like a great deal and was excited to try this restaurant.  Boy, was this a dissapointment... I tried the Prawns as my app, the steak as my main dish and the banannas foster as my dessert.  All three courses were mediocre, if not disappointing.  My prawns, were probably the best of the three courses.  The steak was cooked to a good medium rare, but each bite was saltier than the last.  By the time reached the middle of my steak, i couldn't bare to eat another bite.  It was THAT salty.  Which is surprising because I usually love food with alot of flavor. I'm definitely not the bland type of girl.  I like my salt and i like my seasoning, thank you very much... but this? I gotta pass...I was hoping my dessert would blow my mind and gain a couple stars, but, unfortunately, i had to take off a star instead.  The description clearly states: CAKE. It was NOT cake. It was bread. Friggin bananna bread with some ice cream.
4	Yesterday morning I went to the quickest timeshare pitch ever at my resort and they gave me $125 in dining vouchers. A three-course burger meal at Bradley Ogden's in Caesar's Palace is $30, a price I would never pay for a burger, but since there are tons of raves for the burgers and I like the fancy restaurant aesthetic and service I decided that it would be a great place to use a voucher.I sat at the bar and had a great Bourbon Sour. I order this drink virtually everywhere and the sour mix is the only thing that makes the difference from restaurant to restaurant. I'm guessing they make their own here as the drink was excellent.I ordered the Burger Prix Fixe with the caesar salad. The caesar was excellent. I really like how they do the whole romaine heart and I need to figure out how to get it adequately coated with caeser dressing at home without ripping it to shreds. Also, the sheets of parmesan were awesome.Now, the caesar salad came out very quickly, so I was a bit concerned that my burger would be following shortly. But no, things worked just how I liked it. I didn't get the burger until  a few minutes after the salad plate had been cleared. I really, really hate restaurants that bring your courses out practically on top of each other so I really appreciated the perfect time gap here.The fries were awesome, with big pieces of salt crystal on them (sea salt or kosher, I guess). I LOVE the taste of salt hitting my tongue and the slightly garlicly mayonnaise was nice and creamy with the fries. Could have had a little more garlic in it though.Onto the burger -- initially, I thought it just tasted like a normal tasty burger, good but nothing that special, nothing to get worked up about. But somehow the taste improved as it cooled down and I guess maybe because the burger bun was marinating in the burger juices or something because by the time I got to the last bite I was going MMMMMMMMMMMmmmmm. So yes, it was a very good burger. Was it the best burger I ever had? I don't think so, but it was damn good and the surroundings and the service and the presentation were all awesome so that all adds up to a pretty great experience. Now dessert - The butterscotch pudding was literally a tablespoon or so of pudding. WTF? It was delicious, but thank God I was already fully.
4	My dish alone deserves 5 delicious stars! I had the roasted organic petaluma chicken which came sprinkled with the most delightfully roasted brussel sprouts, macadamia, apricot topping and a side of spaghetti squash with a farm egg on top. It was divine when I broke through that little egg and the yolk spilled over the perfectly cooked spaghetti squash. I've never been able to cook my squash to have the noodle consistency some claim spaghetti squash can have but this little side gives me hope there is a way to achieve it! I could have eaten just a giant bowl of  the egg and squash! But the real star was the chicken - so moist and well seasoned. It was a rather big portion of meat that my fellow diners were happy to help me with and it paired so well with the sweet and savory brussel sprout topping.The other starters, mains and desserts ordered that night were the market salad, ceasar salad, oysters, blue cheese souffle, ribeye, short ribs, striped bass, ice creams, bananas fosters cake and panna cotta. The only complaint regarding the other mains was that they were quite salty...the ribeye especially was overkill on the salt. The banana fosters desert was a standout in my opinion - anything cakey makes my heart aflutter. Service wise it was a bit of a miss. Our waiter was friendly but certainly did not pay a whole lot of attention to our table. Considering this was a pretty quiet weeknight dinner that was a disappointment. All in all though - this was a memorable dinner that made my tummy happy!
4	Went for the lounge menu so that we didn't spend $300 on dinner...So happy with our choices!Hubby and I both had the 3 course burger meal.  The salads, which can be a throwaway with this type of menu, were really delicious.  Hubby had an elegant Casear.  I had goat cheese and beets with cashews, which were an unexpected but welcomed touch.  The salads were plentiful and delicious.  Burgers were cooked to order.  Buns were a bit large but really good.  Fries were excellent also. House made pickles made the burger!  The pickles were excellent.I wasn't really welcoming dessert after all this food but it was a little bit of butterscotch pudding with pepitas and snickerdoodle cookies.  So good!Definitely wroth the money, especially in Vegas.  Will be back for the fine dining meal next time we are in Vegas.
5	5 star for food5 star for service5 star for decoration5 star for everything elseThis is the best steak house in Las Vegas. My family and I got comp for dinner and I tried their ribeye steak. As it turns out it was the best steak I ever ate in my life. One thing you should be aware of is that it is expansive. The steak starts from 68 to 150 dollars per person. However the money is worth it because their steak is really good. They have other stuff on their menu too and they are also expansive. I suggest that if you are in Vegas try this steak house and it is located at Ceasars Palace.
3	3 of my girlfriends and I were in Vegas for the weekend and wanted to do a nice dinner on our last night. In comes Bradley Ogden. We had a little bit of trouble finding it in the massive Caesars Palace, but once we did we were impressed with the decor. Beautiful restaurant and an intimate and cozy feel to it. I ordered a glass of the house white (the wine list was RIDICULOU$$) and the oysters to start. I love oysters and these were very, very good. No big, fat, gross ones which was a relief. My friend got the Foie Gras which was divine. For my main I ordered the Rib Eye, which I regretted because although it was tasty, the cut was a bit too fatty for my liking and the red wine sauce was virtually non-existent. My friends got the Scallops (really good), the Salmon (a little undercooked), and the Risotto (weird texture). Our dishes were presented beautifully. We did feel that the servers were a little abrupt, if not rude, but perhaps that's because we were 4 young ladies and maybe they didn't think we were their ideal clientele. However, they brought out the complimentary butterscotch pudding shots after the meal and we felt bad about criticizing them. After receiving the bill ($18 for a glass of house wine?!?! GET OUTTA HERE) I paid my $120 share, a bit too steep in my opinion. Afterwards, we stood out front and took some pictures, and the Executive Chef for Caesars came out to speak with us. He asked how our meal was and gave us his card for future trips to Vegas, which was really nice. All in all, it was a good meal, but not worth the price in my opinion.
5	Let me start that I am only giving service and ambiance review for this place.and that my review may be a bit biased.Service: awesome.  Our server, forgot his name, was very nice.  really great customer service! We felt comfortable, our food was described well to us and staff were knowledgeable.  I also didn't have any problems booking a reservation on the phone.Ambiance: the place is romantic, clean, the decor was pleasant... not too dark or pretentious.Came here 2 months ago because my BIL was nice enough to invite my sisters and I for dinner.The food were great!  Our meal was one of the best meals I've had.Again, the food is complimentary so the food review does not really matter.:o)
2	We picked this place as our fine dining option since we were staying at Caesars and didn't want to spend our mortgage at Guy Savoy. Also considered Mesa by Bobby Flay but was turned off by their ridiculous credit card requirement for reservations.Read about their Pre-Fixe Menu on Yelp and it looked promising. We found they don't offer it unless you ask for it, which was rather tacky. Service was spotty and unattentive. Ambiance was not conducive to fine dining, between the TV at the bar, the loud music, and the tables practically next to the casino floor.Between my husband and I, we tried 6 different dishes plus the seared Foie Gras.  The best dish besides the Foie Gras was their Caesar Salad, which was very authentic and made from scratch.The Blue Cheese Souffle was pleasant but nothing to write home about. It needed some honeycomb to counter the saltiness of the cheese. The Seared Foie Gras also needed a sweet sauce in addition to the sourish berry sauce. The Roasted Petaluma Chicken badly needed a sauce. It was served next to some mushy pasta (I think that was what it was.) It's only been a couple of weeks and I can barely remember the dishes we ate. It was just that, a forgettable meal. Nothing was bad, yet nothing stood out. I recently learned they are closing soon. That explained the lack of attention to detail in a place like this.
5	This was the best meal I have ever eaten.  We ordered from the prix fixe menu and were given two extra courses.  The staff were friendly and the service was amazing.
1	Have eaten there about 4 years ago (after having seen Bradley in a cooking demo),  this past Sunday night's experience was not what I had expected. We were met by a Middle Eastern waiter who was rude, inattentive and talked away from us. My shrimp cocktail appetizer was not fully cooked and I ended up with food poisoning (up all night of our last night in Vegas). My partner's lamb was unevenly cooked. No one offered to put cracked pepper on the salad. Portions were very small. We both woke up with a dry mouth which usually happens when there is too much salt used. For all of the above and spending what we did...we will not be returning...
4	I had a very enjoyable birthday dinner here. The ambience is nice, and they have their own branded paper napkins in the bathroom, which always gets me.Both the house salad and Caesar's salad (how appropriate) were good, with the Caesar coming with nice chunks of shaved parmesan, and the house salad being served with asparagus puree and some other sauce.The prawns (4 large ones per order) were tasty and came with cocktail sauce, microcilantro, and lemon gel. However, it wasn't anything more than a fancy shrimp cocktail.Le girlfriend had a butternut squash soup, which I generally dislike, and this time was no different. However, she adored it; the soup had strips of apple, and pieces of dungeoness crab to titillate your omnomnom buds.The Petaluma free range chicken was a solid dish - it wasn't dry, but I feel it could have been juicier. The accompanying brussels sprouts and dried fruits were a good complement, but the spaghetti squash pasta topped with a poached egg didn't really have much flavor.The burrata pasta was freakin' great. Never had burrata? Sonnn, you're missing out. Get it immediately.The lamb chops were nicely cooked and well flavored with their accompanying sauces/emulsions/whatever fancy things were there.As I'm writing this,  I'm trying to remember which entree I had, and I can't remember for the life of me. I think it was some pan-seared salmon. It had a great crust, but was cooked a little too rare for me, and other than this I don't remember much about it.The desserts were a mixed bag. Their version of bananas foster included a moist banana bread, ice cream, and a sort of chocolate and nut bark, but strangely had a dearth of actual bananas. Everything tasted good though, so I can't complain. The chocolate pyramid peanut butter cake was too strong in my opinion, overwhelming me with peanut flavor, but le girlfriend liked it. And lastly, I got a nice free dessert because it was my birthday, yayyy! It seemed to be a coffee mousse and was light and tasty.The service was alright, except for the hostess who had seated a party at a table reserved for us, forcing us to inexplicably wait 5 minutes while they cleaned a table, even though there were a ton of empty ones nearby. Oh, and don't pay attention to the Caesar's website that says the estimated money you'll pay per person is $40. Aint no way in hell that happening with numerous dishes coming to that price alone.
5	Simply spectacular! The waiter was on point, the wine chilled to perfection, and the steak was one of the top 3 I have ever had! The setting was also very elegant and cozy!
1	This place is a rip off. We finally learned to stay away from places with awards. Thechef promotes his restauant with hs awards but isn't even in the kitchen. I had a $48 steak that was mostley fat. The presentation was worse than in a road side fast food joint. My wife had their "famous" ceasers salad. 3 leaves of salad with sauce. The decor is dated and boring and right in the main casino with all the slot machines. There are better dining experiences in Vegas.
4	Excellent cuisine!  Farm fresh organic food is my favorite!! They are closed on Monday & Tuesday, have a lounge and a private dining room for groups.Pricey, but to be expected for fine dining.  In my opinion, it just wasn't terribly comfortable to dine for an extended amount of time, but great food. :)
4	The Mission: Find and devour what is widely considered the best of Vegas. The Target: The Lounge Burger. In this case, the Lounge Prix Fixe Menu. This three course meal goes for a bargain at the low price of $29. To begin, there is a choice between a mixed greens or caesar salad. I had ordered the mixed and got the other by mistake. It was fine because that salad got devoured. Next came the star, the lounge burger and it was as fabulous as everyone makes it out to be. It must be one of the most juicy and tender burgers I have ever had. It comes with house made butter pickles, a field green salad, fries, and all the condiments on the side. There is also a choice of cheddar or bleu cheese to top as well. After devastating both courses, I was so full, but the butterscotch pudding and snickerdoodles were to come. The outcome: I was dying at this point, but do not try to resuscitate me. I am in heaven.
4	I simply went for the highly coveted burger. Being a local going to the strip is typically the last place I wanna be, however I made it a point to finally go here to get this burger! Was it worth the trip? Was it worth the $$? Yes, yes it was. The burger is fantastic, the english mustard makes it. It's a VERY spicy mustard use this sparingly! While it is exceptional it can be a bit overpowering. I couldn't go 5 stars because of the price and the fact you have to sit in the bar/lounge to get the burger (you can't get it in he restaurant).It is absolutly worth eating if your down there, but probly not worth paying the extra cash and navigating the traffic/people on the strip. Go to Bachi Burger if your not down in this area
5	BEST BURGER EVER...hands down!GQ said the same thing, but I have yet to encounter a burger as good as this!Available at the bar with a Prix Fixe menu that includes an incredible Caesar salad and dessert; it's the best $30 you can spend in town!It's because of this place that I challenged, so aggressively, the other burgers across the nation.  I travel quite a bit, and have yet encountered a burger as memorable and delicious.  We go there about once a week...no exaggeration!I actually was lucky enough to meet Bradley Ogden and asked what he does to make that burger so Amazing.  To my understanding, it's organic ground beef that combines chuck steak and wagyu.  It's marinated with red wine (I think) and prepared on a wood fire grill.  It's served with the patty, cheddar or bleu cheese, and the bun...that's it!  Lettuce, tomato, onion and ketchup and mustard are presented on the side, but let me tell you...you DON'T need it!  This burger is just HEAVEN!!!And it's not only me, I bring all of my family, friends and clients here and it's always the same reaction...BEST BURGER EVER!The blue corn bread muffins are a great(pre burger) appetizer and the Caesar salad is one of the best I've had as well.  The caramel pudding and snickerdoodles are a perfect finish to the meal!Remember, PRIX FIXE BURGER MENU at the bar!  They are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays and rumor has it that BO will close soon, due to Caesar's wanting to put something new in, but word on the street is that it's been delayed, with no certain closing date as of that yet.  Bradley Ogden has 14 other restaurants in the Bay area, but said this is the only place that has his burger!  Get it while you can!
5	My review may be a bit biased just like what Learnee L. also stated.  So my review is mainly on service and ambiance.  Service was impeccable!  We felt welcomed and well taken care of.  The ambience was just right, not too dark and not too light.  It was quiet enough to carry a conversation coz once you walk out of that place, you're back to the noise of Caesar's Palace.  Food was really great!  I don't remember how many courses we had but wow.  It was one of the best meals I've had.  Afterthought drink was refreshing and yum! Great recommendation by our server.  The food was complimentary but I would definitely pay for it, so worth it.
2	Oh boy, I am in Vegas to attend a professional trade show. Oh boy. I must comment on 2 restaurants we ( co-worker and I) tried, to soften the strain of being stuck for 8 hours in super-refrigerated conference rooms then fried to a crisp in the streets upon release. The first of these 2 restaurants is Bradley Ogden. (The other one is at the Wynn, and I will review it tomorrow. Stay tuned, Dino!)We hit BradleyOgden at around 9:30 pm on Saturday night. Maybe the staff was tired, or had a bad day (or bad night. One never knows what time it is in Vegas, ah ah) but although the place was almost empty, we could barely get any attention. (Although, next to us, was a table of 6 people tasting multiple fine wines with their meal and they got all the maitre d' and sommelier' s attention one can dream of...). My co-worker is a nice-looking tall white guy, I am a non-glamourous white chick. The hostess at the front desk comes and goes and ignores us. No one seems to see us for 10 minutes. There are plenty of open tables in the restaurant but somehow they sit us by the busy drinking sixsome. Our assigned waiter was flippant and mostly absent - especially when he learnt we would not be ordering booze. The food came very slowly. The atmosphere was ZERO. At some point I went to the bathroom and encountered in the corridor (within the restaurant) a uniformed employee - bartender or waiter, who knows- walking in the opposite direction, and instead of stepping aside to let me go by as any gent would do, a fortiori an upscale restaurant's employee, he marched steadily forward, not showing signs of seeing me or willingness to acknowledge my presence. So I decided to do the same, reasoning " I am a woman and I am the customer! I have priority!" He finally moved over grumbling" Okay!" as we crossed paths, as if I had offended him by taking the lead. I thought to myself "Who trained these employees?"Now the food was good, as is the case in all the top notch eateries of LV. It is also beautifully presented. And each ingredient in my plate had its own distinct burst of flavor. But it is also crazily overpriced (hey, I live in the Bay area: I live by quality cuisine in top notch restaurants! And, sure, they can't grow baby arugula in the back yard of the Caesar's Palace& Casino or catch wild salmon in the Bellagio pond, but I think tripling the price of entrees in Las Vegas is more reflective of a state of mind than the cost of food transportation). So when the service is mediocre -here downright insulting-  and moreover the fish is overcooked -and it was, Mr Ogden, sadly it was-, even if the veggies were tasty and the dessert divine ( the co-worker and I shared the Strawberry Napoleon with basil sorbet and almost fought over it), I scream bloody dismay. And I vent on Yelp, yep, because, see, I clearly do not have the right profile to get the attention of the restaurant's manager otherwise...
5	I have heard the rumors of a delicious burger. I have heard this delicious burger can be found at Bradley Ogden. My friends and I bid farewell to Bradley Ogden, which is closing on August 5th. Although I have meant to come here numerous times I've never made it. I figured I better do it now, before I can't anymore.We showed up around 6 PM on a Saturday evening and were greeted by a nice, yet not in particularly attentive hostess. She ended up seating us at the bar, but in a portion of the bar that was to be used for a private party. We were unceremoniously swept to another area of the crowded bar and hastily shoved in a corner by the hostess and another, rather brusque woman. So it didn't start off well. At least the bar service made it all better. Our bartender was impeccable, kept an eye on our drinks, and fulfilled our needs with ease. I had the Riesling ($12), two glasses, a 2010 from Willamette Valley. Honestly it was one of the best Rieslings I've had. It even outshines many German Rieslings I tend to stick with.Moving on to the Pre-Fixe Lounge menu. Of course I ordered the Hamburger, cheddar cheese, the Bradley Ogden Ceaser Salad for starters, and ended with the butterscotch pudding accompanied with two snickerdoodle cookies.The burger really was delectable (ordered Medium, and usually I go with medium well) and had that fresh farm taste that very good meats tend to have. If you can taste the fact the cow is eating well, that is good meat. The burger came accompanied with fries, a mayo, a spicy mustard, and a ketchup. The mayo was heaven, I even dipped my fries in it (FATTY ALERT). BUT - I think I may have enjoyed the Ceaser Salad even more. It was crisp, perfectly seasoned, the croutons were crunchy and perfect. I mean, I don't understand how a salad can really be that good, but honestly, it was! Lastly, the dessert was light, not super decadent. It is a nice end to the meal, especially after having eaten the heavy burger. The snickerdoodles were soft and complimented the butterscotch pudding.Overall I must admit I wish I could go back and try something else. But I can't. How sad.
5	Sources say it's closing on Sunday, August 5th,  2012!!!  I may shed a tear...BEST BURGER EVER!    I will miss you :(Get there this week if you can!
5	BEST BURGER OF MY LIFE Service was a 10 kinda place where you take a sip of your water and they refill it. That good!Will Be missed
5	The month before last was Bradley Ogden's last at Caesars. Todd Williams has enamored me with his food for the better half of the last decade from my frequent trips to Vegas and for all of the culinary standouts along the strip, I'm saddest to see Bradley Ogden go.There was never a dull day in this Michelin Star monster of a Vegas restaurant. Caesars always had my nod, but it was Bradley Ogden that had attention. The food was excellent, incredible by some standards but nothing less than outstanding by any means. The same bodes for the rest of the establishment, easily among the strip's finest.It didn't matter if you were a first time patron or a high status player, the service made sure everyone was well taken care of from the beginning to the end of their experience. The restaurant wasn't large, but it was beautiful in its own way - contemporary, sophisticated, and elegant up from the chic decor to the personalized table sets.Like any high end restaurant, the menu was a seasonal hodgepodge of various creative edible outputs; the kind of food that is beyond anything typical, with little to nothing to reference for folks with novice palates. It's hard to pick a favorite meal when every plate had its own unique twist on it. Everything from a blue cheese souffle to their legendary burger to a seared foie gras with a scallop and potato puree had me dying for more. There wasn't anything that didn't tickle my tastebuds in a way where it didn't leave anything less than a stellar impression.R.I.P. Bradley Ogden.
5	I think a part of me just died a little! Bradley Ogden is by far one of my love & I's favorite Michelin Star restaurants, and I am definitely saddened to hear that they have closed their doors & moved to Texas! I've been to Bradley Ogden's 7 times, and each time the food was phenomenal, & the service was superb. The ambience is more upscale, yet comfortable & inviting. They are very well known for their burgers! YUM! I prefer their prefixed menus, & they have the absolutely, hands down, best Caesar Salad anywhere, any day! What am I going to do now?! Sounds like a trip to Texas it is.. haha Soup compliments of the Chef Freshly made breads (an array to choose from) Prefixed CoursesI normally get the Pan Seared Halibut on a bed of Seasonal VegetablesMy love normally gets the Rib Eye w. Seasonal Vegetables Coffee & Tea w. ourButterscotch Mousse & Sorbet for dessert
