5	All your wishes will be granted at Beaver Choice. Last night a friend and I saw a fine fine movie. Afterward he recommended going to this Scandinavian restaurant that just opened a week ago. It's a small place located in a strip mall with ample parking. First impression. Wow there is a lot of Ikea furniture here. Second impression. Wow these people are really really nice. You order at the counter from a pretty large selection of menu options. There are two menus (that they are happy to explain to you). The "grab and go" menu with things like sandwiches and wraps and a "bistro" menu with more hot dinner-type options. Immediately, the owner asked if I wanted free samples. Sure! I ordered the Pork Tenderloin with Morel Cream sauce (I love morels!). My dude friend had the Swedish Meatballs. We sat on our Ikea chairs at our Ikea table and enjoyed ABBA softly playing in the background. I admired the Outsider Art for sale on the walls. I almost wanted to buy the painting of the woman holding a baby. The woman looked like one of the Olsen twins. Neat! The little free samples were yummy. I had a little bit of gravlax with dill sauce, beet salad in sour cream (amazing), potato salad and some kind of lemon mousse thing. All very tasty. My pork schnitzel with the morels was so delicious. It came with salad, coleslaw and mashed potatoes with the same cream sauce. I think that mushroom sauce melted my cold cold heart. It made me smile. Then we ordered the lemon mousse thingy. I said to my friend, "I wish Dancing Queen would come on. Then everything would be perfect." When dessert came we were invited to eat it on their comfy sofa. Yeah, sofa. Then Dancing Queen came on. Wishes do come true.
5	Oh my goodness.  Run,  Get in the car and drive.  Go. Go. Go!!!!  Until now, the ONLY Scandinavian restaurant in the Valley was IKEA's cafe.  NO MORE!!!Did I say run?  Go now.  Yes, stop reading this and go.I know it's a weird name.  Trust me.  GO.  You mean you are still reading?  Get in the car now!!!!!!Want lunch?  How about an enormous wrap for $5.  Several varieties and the two we had yesterday were wonderful and very filling.Want dinner?  The Bistro menu is incredible.  Schnitzels from above.So, who runs this restaurant? The owners are from Poland with stops in Sweden, some hints of Norway and then by way of Canada, they arrived in Tempe, Arizona.Hanna and Marek make homemade Northern and Eastern European food that you just have to go taste. They have everything from $5 wraps and awesome burgers to $18 dinner killer entrees. Their son Christian does everything from waiting on guests to busing tables and doing dishes. It's a family affair and it works with the love they put on a plate.There menu is going to expand as they roll this opening out. By fall and winter, look out...breakfast all the way through to 9p.I have ordered the Schnitzel Cordon Blue on a previous visit. Yeah, it's been open a week and we have been here twice already.  Great German ham and what I thought was going to be swiss cheese on a pounded folded and then breaded pork tenderloin, pan fried in butter. Hannah didn't like the taste of any of the area Swiss cheeses in the area...so she substituted...with a wonderfully creamy French Brie. Ok...that's a fair substitution in my book. The potatoes with dill, butter and heavy cream, and the cabbage salad were spot on.  Oh, and they have desserts too.  I suggested some good dark roast coffee.  I'm sure it will arrive when the weather turns cooler.I need to say one thing more.  I wrote a very similar review on urbanspoon.com and made a less than favorable comment about the honey mustard vinaigrette.  I have a great recipe.  Hannah asked for it.  She is the ultimate in chef's...the kind I adore.  They want to continue to learn and try new things.  Someone I want to get to know better and enjoy the love she and Marek show when they cook.You are still reading?  Why aren't you already in the car?   GO!
5	My husband and I just returned from dinner at Beaver Choice. We may not be authorities on Scandinavian cuisine, but we had an amazing meal prepared by an incredibly friendly family. From the moment we walked in the door, the family that owns the restaurant was more than inviting. They took great care and pride in explaining the menu. The restaurant has two menus: a Grab-and-Go menu that has quickly prepared and cheaper fare, and a bistro menu that offers larger dinner plates that are more expensive. The owners even offered us a sample plate (with their cured salmon, potato salad, and beet salad). The friendly service made us feel that we were guests in a family kitchen. After some consultation, my husband ordered the Laxpudding. The main dish is cured salmon atop a potato and egg frittata with a tangy dill flavor. I think my husband might become addicted to their salmon. He recommends that anyone who enjoys cured fish, or just fish in general, to locate a means of transportation to this restaurant immediately. In addition, the salmon comes with a tangy dill mustard that just enhances all the flavors. He had three sides with his meal: a tomato-basil salad, a spinach salad, and sauerkraut. All were home-made fresh. Being a vegetarian, I was more limited in my selections. However, I am told that the restaurant will offer pierogies in October, and I love pierogies. I definitely plan to return to sample some vegetarian pierogies. Beaver Choice has several vegetarian options on their Grab-and-Go menu. The owners explained all the vegetarian selections, and offered to let me construct a plate from any of the vegetarian options and sides. I decided to order their Harmonie plate (for only $5). It is a large plate of home-made falafels with a potato salad and a side salad. The falafels were very tasty, and the potato salad was absolutely fantastic.  In all, we had a wonderful, home-made, fresh dinner prepared by a very friendly family. My husband is anxious to return to try more of their fish dishes and their schnitzel, and I am looking forward to some pierogies.
5	The first time I walked in here I felt like I was being catered to.  The family that runs the restaurant is incredibly friendly.  They offered me a free sample of their wonderful food.I have eaten the Swedish meatball sandwich, the Swedish meatball pita and the tunbrodsrulle.  Each meal was incredible.  The restaurant is incredibly clean, the family is very friendly, and the dessert is excellent.
5	I was getting an eye check up and as I am wont to do I spin the lucky wheel of Yelp (e.g. restaurants nearby) and oh my stars and garters, up comes a Scandinavian Restaurant with just great reviews! Scandinavian, I thought, in the desert? It's a 105 degrees outside and people in Scandinavia grow up near glaciers! Then the name of the place, wow! As someone else noted, it doesn't make think of food, that is for sure! However, who knows, maybe beavers are a symbol of quality when you grow up near the glaciers.In the interest of all things foodie I headed over and entered and as others have noted, some of the friendliest people you will ever meet, you immediately feel like you are some long lost relative finally stopping by and they are so happy to see you. I told them I had discovered them on Yelp and they were thrilled. Since my eyes were completely dilated (from the eye doctor visit) I couldn't read the menu and took the advice of the mother of the family and ordered the Schnitzel cordon-blue, along with mashed potatoes, pickled green beans, basil and tomato salad and sauerkraut. I could hear them pounding the chicken for the Schnitzel and I kid you not, one of the cooks (one of the two brothers) said that was how you knew they put love into the food they made, it was all done fresh. Well, it was really good. The Schnitzel was huge, the mushroom gravy was well, really mushroomy in a good way. I loved the pickled cabbage and the tomato basil salad was awesome! The pickled green beans were good but could be a bit more tangy.Oh, they also brought out the tasting menu everyone talks about. The Gravlax (2 day cured salmon) was really good with the mustard dipping sauce, the Swedish potato salad was wonderfully creamy and if you like capers, they put that in there as well. I also enjoyed the beet salad (they pickle the beets themselves because...they couldn't find any good enough, how cool is that?).So, a delightful foody treat, one that I would never expect to find out in the desert land of Phoenix so you thank those nice people for leaving their glaciers and coming all the way out here to make such good and unique food for the people of Phoenix.  Next trip there, the double burgers with Swedish-style anchovies and mustard, wowza! :-)
5	What a great surprise. At first I was not sure what to expect from a "Swedish" bistro in Tempe, but I could not resist the temptation to give it a shot. On a trip down to the valley from Flagstaff, I stopped by and was amazed to find such friendly and happy Swedes in the middle of the Arizona desert hiding close to ASU in Tempe where I spent my first years in the US after moving from Sweden in 2000.  I tried one of the wraps that turned out to be just amazing. A perfect balance of very fresh crisp Swedish style vegetables with really tasty pieces of chicken and a hint of the South West, bringing back memories from Sweden and guaranteeing my return for more during my next visit to the Tempe area.  Keep up the great flavors guys.  You are very affordable too. This is a no brainer when looking for great value for money in combination with excellent food. See you again soon.
5	This place is great.  Their wraps are unique and fresh.  I was surprised that a Swedish/Canadian fusion restaurant had such good falafel; better than some middle eastern restaurants in town.  But hands down my favorite thing on the menu is the poutine.  It's the only place I know of in town that makes it. For those of you who don't know, poutine is french fries topped with hot brown gravy and cheese curds.  It's like the French-Canadian version of chili cheese fries, and it's delicious.  Beaver's Choice is definitely a must try, even if its just for a late night poutine snack!
5	I work nearby and my coworkers and I have been eyeing this place from Ted's Hot Dogs for a few weeks now. A co-worker and I finally decided to check it out today and I'm so glad we did!It seems that all new customers are automatically entitled to try a free sample plate with potato salad, beet salad, and salmon. I'm not a salmon person, but both salads were really good. I had the meatball sub with potato salad from the Grab and Go Menu, which was pretty amazing. I admit to anticipating the potato salad as a side instead of a part of the sandwich, but the flavors worked together really well, so I didn't mind. My co-worker had the chicken pita, also from the Grab and Go Menu, and really enjoyed the marinated chicken. We shared an order of the Quebec Poutin (cheesy, gravy smothered fries), which was AMAZING (all caps). They even gave us a medium order instead of the small we actually ordered due to wait time (which, compared to most places was virtually non-existent). And that brings me to the service...You order at the register and, as the guy behind the counter noted, that is the only "self-serve" portion of the experience. The food is delivered as it becomes ready, and there are free refills. All of the staff were genuinely nice and very helpful. We even got the history behind the name and the mascot (I'll leave it to you to ask when you go). The atmosphere was clean and refreshing, with local art on the walls. Overall, the experience was...(you guessed it) amazing!!! Can't wait to go back and try the dinner/bistro menu soon!
5	I must add my 5-star recommendation to this marvelous little establishment.  And it is little  - 5 or 6 tables.As others have said, the "free sample" is very tasty.   And the people running the place are genuinely nice people.I had the Pork Schnitzel with morel mushroom sauce, side of dill mashed potatoes, and my three choices of salad were spinach with garlic vinaigrette, tomato and basil salad, and green peas.  It was about $12 with tax.VERY yummy.  I wiped my plate clean.One MINOR negative issue:  The mashed potatoes could have used a little more butter.  They were a tad (small tad) dry-ish.  But there was plenty of mushroom gravy to soak them in, so it made up for that.  So that's why the place still gets 5 stars, even with a minor issue.i will go back soon with my kiddos and introduce them to this very good little place to eat.Oh - and while I was in there, three college-aged young gentlemen had just wrapped up their meal and were complimenting the chef for the awesomeness of their meals.  Always good to see that.Go eat there - you won't be disappointed.
5	I love this place.  I went there with 5 others (parents, sister, brother in law, and wife) a few weeks ago due to the reviews it had received on Yelp.  Well, the name caught our attention as well.  The food is different than what you will find anywhere else in Phoenix but anyone with a somewhat open mind about food will be impressed.  The standouts were the chicken schnitzel cordon blue, the laxpudding, seared gravlax, and the cabbage rolls.  Be sure to save a little room for the Beaver Supreme for desert.  Yum!The star of the show though is the family that runs the place.  This isn't a super well oiled corporate food machine but it is like going to some friends family dinner.  The timing of the dishes wasn't perfect but it worked out great since we were all able to try each others dishes.  Everyone one of them make you feel welcome and appreciated which goes a long long way in a valley of restaurants with either non-caring staff or staff with attitudes.  All in all, the food and family are great and they make you immediately feel welcome.  I wish them much success.
5	After seeing the sign for Beaver Choice a few months ago, I had been eager to give it a try. I finally got the chance today. I was impressed before even ordering. The guy behind the counter was very friendly and ready to offer suggestions. When I inquired about the salmon, he gave me a sample (along with beet and potato salads.)The salmon was so delicious, I ended up ordering the Swedish cured salmon sandwich (complete with a sweet dill mustard dressing.) My lovely dining partner ordered the Fresh Mozzarella, salami, tomato& basil sandwich and we decided to share an order of poutine. We both enjoyed the sandwiches and loved the poutine! Almost as enjoyable as the food was the service. This restaurant is owned by a family who has lived in several parts of the world. They are very friendly and willing to bend over backwards for the customers.I am excited to go back and delight in more dishes on the menu.
5	Beaver Choice?  I'm not sure what role a beaver would choose in opening up a sandwich/Scandinavian restaurant in a strip mall in Arizona, and I'm also not sure what choice a beaver would make to serve something other than twigs and leaves, but hey, who am I to judge?That being said, this restaurant serves delicious Swedish food at reasonable prices.  Plus, they have poutine (fries covered with gravy and cheese)!  The family used to live in Quebec and served poutine to the university students that lived nearby, so it is authentic stuff here.  As for the Swedish items on the menu, I had heard on TV about the monstrous late night food Tunnbrodsrulle, a European style hotdog wrapped with mashed potatoes, veggies, dressing, and shrimp salad, but I had never thought I would actually get to try one without actually going to Sweden.  The ingredients sound like a weird combo, but when trying it, somehow all those ingredients seem to work to make a tasty "wrap".  The wrap was so big I could only finish about 1/3.  I also had the Beaver Choice dessert and it was delicious.  It consists of meringue, chocolate, whipped cream, and mandarin orange layered on top of one another- it is crunchy, sweet, tangy, perfect.The family here is so nice, and they really want to make everything perfect for you.  They make everything from scratch, and they even cure their own salmon for gravlox.  I highly recommend this restaurant, and will definitely be coming here to get more delicious food!P.S.  If you get the dinner menu to go, they give you 10% off of their already reasonable prices.
5	So, I've been back a few times to the Beaver Choice.  OK, more like once or twice a week.  Everybody seems to be finding out about the place.  What is most encouraging to me is that students are finding the place.Also, on most every visit, I run into a Swede or Norwegian who are checking the place out.  What this means to me is one more Tempe restaurant with a bright future...and that's great...for me!
5	I recommend this place to everybody I know. Lovely family owns the place who are super nice and always willing to recommend what to try and what to pair with everything. Between my friends and I, I've tried the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, the stuffed steak, the flying jacob (or something like that), the pork schnitzel, the beaver supreme, and the swedish meatballs. Everything has been wonderful and extremely tasty (I've also heard that the gravlax is immense). Everything tastes homemade. I don't know if that explains it well enough, but when I eat there I feel like it's not restaurant food that's been dunked in butter and swiped clean from the actual feel of "food." It is a much smaller place as some other reviewers have said, be aware of that if you're planning on bringing a larger group. Some of the items do have to be prepared then and can take a while to make, but these are marked clearly on the menu. The prices may seem a little high but remember that you get your meal, and basically four sides with the dinner entrees. I know they sell sandwiches at lunch but have not yet tried those.  Anyways, I can't recommend the place highly enough. I'll continue bringing my friends in the hopes that this place stays going.
5	Where to start?  Let's try here: - the family who runs the shop are amazingly friendly and helpful.  LOVE THEM- the food is great and unique - you probably haven't had anything like it, and you need to change that- I don't know what a beaver has to do with anything, but he's cute so who cares- Don't let the weird plaza scare you, the place is great, and you should definitely eat in to get the full experience (crazy how good the food is becoming in this weird plaza - Ted's, Papaya, wow!)I recommend you get over to Beaver Choice now so you can say "Remember when they were in that little location over on..."
5	This is VERY authentic Scandinavian food!We have been to Sweden multiple times and, since moving to Phoenix, have bemoaned the fact that there is no Scandinavian food (unless you count IKEA).  I was thrilled to discover this place.The pytt i panna and Laxpudding both were seasoned very similar to dishes we've ate in Sweden.  Delicious!Let us also say that we've ate at very posh Scandinavian restaurants in New York City and this is, by far, the most authentic Swedish food we've tried.  The family who runs Beaver Choice is warm, helpful, and accommodating.  We will be going back frequently.
4	What a little gem!  Felt adventurous for lunch and ended up at the Beaver!  Homemade Pierogi with muchroom gravy.  Swedish meatballs with lingonberry.  CUTEST family that runs this place.  Oh! and the sample plate was great and made me have the beet salad which was sooooo good!
5	Ditto to what every one else has said; this place is definitely worth checking out (and re-visiting in my case!). In short, the food was great & reasonably priced too. My exposure to Scandenavian cuisine has been limited to Ikea, so it's nice to have somewhere that offers a little bit of Sweden right down the street from my house.Even better than the food was the service. The family that runs the place is adorable & eager to please. They take care to give all patrons A+ service, and this certainly made an impression on me.No doubt about it, I'll be returning with by friends to try the desserts (as I was too stuffed from my gigantic meal to even try and tackle the sweet treats!)
3	Who would ever guess that Beaver Choice was a Scandinavian restaurant? And across the parking lot from Ted's Hot Dogs? The convoluted naming history apparently originated from the Mascot of a University they originally were sited near in Canada. But beavers and hot dogs and Massage in the same center?The food is unusually wonderful and  . . . unusual. The family cooks and servers are over the top friendly offering samples and telling you about all of their offerings. The atmosphere is uncomfortably stark, sterile, and small (less than 400 ft2). Their obvious target customer is take-it-out since they offer a 10% discount if you take-it-out. It is not a restaurant you go to to relax, sit back, and enjoy. It is so small we watched as the cook dipped his ladle into the pot, then tasted the contents, tapped the ladle on the side of the pot, added something else, tasted, tapped, and added several more times before going to another pot and repeating the process - yikes! Do yourself a favor, take the seat facing the window.
5	Great and friendly service and even better food.  Everything is prepared on the spot and has a delicious home cooked taste.  Personal favorites: Gravlax, Schnitzel Cordon Bleu, and Pork Tenderloin.  At the same time I always try to order a new dish because all plates are phenomenal.  The portions are huge but I  suggest saving room for dessert because it's also fresh made and the type you only find at a European baker (especially the Pannacota with lime & berries).
5	Hey this place got reviewed in the AZ Republic!http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/2010/11/29/20101129beaver-choice-tempe-review.htmlCheck out the link!
5	if you're looking for Scandinavian food i can't imagine there are any other places to go.  so naturally this is the best this city has to offer.  small.  sterile, fast, and moderately priced.  all things ikea naturally....lol  but the food and the staff are the real stars here.  overly friendly staff, family of fun swedes !  mom is great and the spokesperson, christian takes the orders and is more than talkative and charming.  plus he was wearing a santa hat!  i got the special, which was a meat perogie plus peas, saurkraut and cole slaw....all really tasty.  my friends got a chicken schnitzel and some swedish meatballs.  and wow!  all the food was really great!  the mashed potatoes were delicious and hey this is not your typical strip mall food flavors.  so it was a big bonus to discover this place.  and like most others who are writing reviews it's prob. gonna be a place i will revisit.  bring some out of town visitors here to give some them something unique .
5	OK folks on Yelp!  Help me out here.  I go to the Beaver Choice quite often and have noticed as more and more people go to the place, fewer and fewer people understand what the place is about.The Beaver Choice is made to order homemade food.  They peel and boil their own potatoes.  They make their own sauces.  Everything is fresh.  I have seen restaurants popping cooking bags into a microwave or broiler oven.  Sure, it's quick, but it's not homemade and it tastes mushy and bland.So, I waited 40 minutes last Wednesday for my meal.  I sat at a big table for 8, first by myself and then joined by some other people.  We chatted, got to know each other and as we made some conversation...I realized how loud the restaurant was.  Everyone was talking.  Sure some were eating, some were, like us, waiting for their order, but we were all talking at a restaurant. It was like being back in the Midwest.  That joyful noise!As was said about another local place, Monarch Cafe, in a recent interview.  If you go there at noon and expect to get out by 12:45p, this is not going to be your place.  Sure, the Beaver Choice has a Grab and Go menu with wraps and sandwiches, but it's meant for "to go."  If you want the schnitzel or the pork tenderloin in the gin and cream sauce, it is definitely worth the wait.So, yes, you will most likely wait a little longer than some other restaurants.  And yes, the wait will be worth it.  Homemade and made to order will take a little longer, but it will most certainly be worth it.  And you might just meet a few really great people sitting next to you.
3	The food at Beaver Choice Scandinavian Bistro is delicious; a little unusual, but easily understood. Hearty and reasonably priced. You can find out all about it at azcentral.com in an article by Howard Seftel. Then, after reading this survival guide, you should go and try it.     Things you will need: 1. An afternoon or evening with no commitments other than your meal. This could take a long, long time. 2. A pen and a piece of paper on which to write your order (along with an alternate choice). 3. Dining companions who all enjoy the same foods and are willing to eat off the same plate. 4. A snack to tide you over until your food arrives. 5. A sense of humor (but try not to laugh out loud),     Here's our experience:     Four of us entered the small, 20 seat restaurant at 12:10. There were six other people seated at the minimalist glass top tables. A large, and very appetizing looking catering order was taking up another table. We were given menus and told to order at the counter. There were many, many choices of entrees (a few warned that they would take between 20 and 35 minutes to prepare - we avoided those), and each one came with a choice of four side dishes. You can see why a paper and pen might come in handy. Ken went to place our order, but he had to wait for three other people who had arrived before him. It took a while.  Then he was told that my entree choice was not available because they had run out of gravlax. I came up with another selection, and Ken went back to the counter - where another group of people had taken his place and were ordering. Another wait, then my second choice wasn't available either. The sauce had to be reduced and wouldn't be ready until Tuesday. I figured I'd be safe with a third choice of Swedish meatballs, so I yelled over to Ken who saw that each of our orders was being written on a separate piece of paper. Odd.     We settled in to wait for our food. Our drinks were brought to the table. Sena's eyes popped when she sipped the pitch black coffee. The waitress said it was always that strong and that there was no milk or half and half available, but she could bring out some heavy cream. I noticed that food was coming out of the kitchen painfully slowly. One dish to one table, a while later, one dish to a different table. Companions were left twiddling their thumbs. It so reminded me of Hell's Kitchen - I could hear Gordon Ramsey going ballistic: "Shut it down you &*#$%!!!!" . At about 1 PM my Swedish Meatballs were delivered. I put the plate in the middle of the table and invited everybody to dig in. Luckily the servings are large. We finished that off and waited another ten minutes before Sena's chicken schnitzel arrived. That too was shared. At about 1:35 Ken's entree was brought. That left Leon, who had ordered Tilapia. We flagged down the owner and told her that we had a 2 PM engagement and would like our remaining dish. She said she'd look into it, went into the kitchen and was not seen again. A while later another staff member came over and told us that there had been a large catering order, that they had only a six burner stove  and that 2 employees had called in sick. I mentioned that I didn't think it was right to serve some people at a table and not others. "This is the way we do it, we're not going to change it, and Howard Seftel thought it was all right", was the emphatic reply. More waiting. At 1:50 a different staff member came over and said it would be a few more minutes. To our disconcerted rumblings he said - and you're not going to believe this - "The fish has to be defrosted slowly because of the parasites...."  At this point, I'll confess, I started to laugh loudly and somewhathysterically. It may have been rude, but I couldn't help myself.      We were out of time, so Leon decided he'd take the fish to go. Ken went up to the counter and gave one of my Valley Vittles cards to the "parasite" staff member, saying that the food was great but the service terrible. At which point the staff member had a melt-down, yelled at Ken to get out of his restaurant, then went slamming through the kitchen kicking something on the way out.      This was truly one of the oddest dining experiences I've ever had. Very Alice in Wonderland. But if you go equipped with the five items mentioned above, you'll have some excellent food.
5	Following up on the recent review by another Yelper:This is not a "fast food sit-down" experience.  Food is cooked when you order, by a small but caring staff, and the dishes come out when they are ready.  Nothing is going to sit for a while under a heat lamp until every dish for that table is ready.It's more of a "sit down and stay a while" experience, especially if there are several groups in the place at the time.So, adapt accordingly, and you will love the food here and the people who run the place just like all the other 5-star reviewers before you.
5	Oh my!!!!!We just learned recently, The Beaver Choice does catering as well.  We took a "small" Sandwich Cake"...IT WAS HUGE and a HUGE hit at the Christmas Party we went to last evening.  Everyone was in awe of it.  How do I describe such a thing.  Let me try.  Lots of delicious sandwich spreads,,,really more like salads...you know egg, tuna or crab salad.  They even make them with ham or roast beef too.  Ours had tuna and egg salad nestled between cake layers of bread,  Then to top it off...a light spread of mayonnaise as frosting and then it was topped with shrimp, dill sprigs and some luscious caviar as well.We talked to Hannah a few days in advance of our party and she handled everything.  The "cake" was ready when we arrived shortly after 5p yesterday and was kept cool in their refrigerator case.  It was stunningly beautiful and I regret only that I forgot to get a picture of it.The cake is beautiful to look at and people at the party certainly ate first with their eyes and then of course, they devoured it quickly.Just a note.  A sandwich cake is not finger food and will require a plate and fork.  But oh, so delicious.  It was a creative and unique culinary highlight to the evening.Thanks so much for your work on this.  It made the party so much more festive.  Way to go!
4	Silly name, friendly staff, small interior, generous portion, fresh flavorful ingredients, good value for the money. I had the Gordon's Wrap off the to-go menu - seasoned chicken (thigh?), lettuce, tomato, cucumber, potato salad wrapped in a tortilla. It came out within a few minutes. Only downside was that it was a bit messy and falling apart with all that goodness contained by a thin tortilla, but quite tasty! I couldn't imagine staying for a sit-down meal because as others have mentioned it feels more like a carry-out place, but I may have to try it next time. Oh, and they have signs up saying they are addressing concerns about the wait times for orders which I think shows they care. Good for them -hope it works.
5	This is my hands-down favorite restaurant. It's not the most speedy, but as one reviewer said it never sees a heat lamp - straight from the stove to your table.
5	I love this place like crazy wild good times. It's not open on Mondays and that makes me sad. For some reason I always want to front-load my week with some Beaver Choice. But the fact that they have the only authentic Scandinavian food for miles (suck it, IKEA!) makes up for this common small biz quirk. Plus it's owned by some of the hardest working, nicest folks in the business. Real Swedes making real Swedish food that will bend over backwards to make sure you're satisfied with your experience.Get the gravlax. The lady in charge buys only the best and cures it by hand, and for the price there's no better lox in town. Get the schnitzel. Get the lunch wraps for super cheap. Just get your ass there. It's freakin' fantastic and you will not regret the decision. Be forewarned that this place is a walk-up, order-at-the-counter type joint. It's not full service so you won't be bothered every two seconds to see if "everything's okay" when you have a mouthful of Swedish meat-a-balls. You might have to get up and, like, walk back to the counter if you want a refill of something. Oh the horror.In parting, do it. Do it fast. Do it furious. And do it with great frequency.Beaver Choice!!
5	Buying Gift Certificates for my friends from the Beaver Choice!  I just found out yesterday, they HAVE GIFT CERTIFICATES!!!  Now, I can introduce my friends to this fabulous food.  Consider yourself lucky if you are on Santa's Nice List!!!!
5	The hubs and I were looking for something delicious and local and so we turned to Yelp for help. Once again, Yelpers, you have helped us discover one of the wonders of the world. Beaver Choice is the best place in Tempe for eats. Hands down! We were greeted by a heart-warmingly kind Swedish family that cooks Scandinavian food with pride and care. We were immediatley welcomed, offered samples, patiently guided through the menu. I asked the darling guy at the counter what he had for dinner and he said he had the schnitzel cordon bleu. Done, I said. The hubs cannot pass up a meatball opportunity, so he had the swedish meatball plate. They schnitzel cordon bleu is UNBELIEVABLE, people. I dare anyone not to love it. Crisped, tender, juicy schnitzel, high quality, smoky ham and a dash of brie, accompanied by a heavenly, light, mushroom sauce. Oh, god. I'm not describing this right, You have to try it. Wow. Okay I'm going after I finish this review. Served with the giant double-portion of stuffed schnitzel were a basil-tomato salad, a coleslaw chock full of fresh dill and a bean salad featuring chopped parsely. The fresh herbs were so amazing alongside the hearty meat dish. Just delicious. It also came with a side of rosti'--a sort of hash brown cooked in some butter to a crisp. The hub's meatball plate was outstanding as well, but you'll have to ask him about it--my meal was too incredible to look away from. Bottom line: Kind people, amazing food, huge portions, reasonable prices. This is as good as it gets. My choice will always be Beaver.
1	Yes really one star...there food is generous portions (albeit very salty), cheap and pretty tasty. However operationally they are an EPIC fail. The three of us waited 5 minutes for drinks, 20 minutes for the first entree, additional 10 minutes for second entree and even an additional 10 minutes for the third entree. Orders were wrong, some of the food was cold (e.g. peas, etc.), never got offered refills, ordering is slow confusing arduous process, fishing for entrees (server doesn't know who has what), all empty tables were filthy (we started to clean the one we were sitting at), etc.  I could be forgiving given that the this is a strip mall bistro but not with everything going wrong (especially the wait times). They could really use Gordon Ramsey to fix the operational problems. Other than being tasty the food was good including the Swedish meatballs, pork schnitzel and hash entrees (the hash was especially salty and even on the spicy side). The sides ranged from mediocre (e.g. cold peas) to pretty decent (e.g. pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, slaw, etc.). The plates are large and full and certainly could be shared between two people and the price is pretty reasonable.  However it is just tough to get around dirty tables and the wait. So unless I am itching for Swedish food I'll pass on Beaver Choice.
1	Food is excellent-- 4 stars.  Service was terrible--0 stars.  Timing between all of us getting out main dishes was 15-20 (i.e. none of our main dishes came at the same time).  BTW, the name of this place is not great and from a marketing perspective, does not make sense.
5	We stopped by based on Yelp reviews about a month ago. We loved this place, it's got a real great feel, from the friendly staff who are passionate about their food and explain the process, offer samples to the fact that they clearly are swedes. The food was excellent. Our entrees did not come out together, but the staff explained that they bring the food out as it's ready, and since they do as much as possible from scratch, the dishes have different preparation time. Having all the food at the same time is nice, but I'll take this authentic style over heat and serve mass productions.The food and staff rate 5 stars. The only downsides to me, were the Ikea-style plastic furniture and coffee in styrofoam cups - a little investment on both would make this an absolute solid five-star bistro!
3	This is great when you are in the mood for something different.  As with any family-run hole in the wall, service can be slow, so be prepared.  What the staff lacked in speed, they made up for in charm and smiles.  The food was good, but nothing that wowed me.  I had the pierogis while my friend had swedish meatballs.  Both dishes were tasty, as were the side dishes.  One thing that was disappointing was that the food was a a little cold (lukewarm) when it came out.  Maybe the chef or the staff was having an off day.  The restaurant itself is bright and clean.  I will go back again when I feel like eating outside the box.
4	What a great little spot! I don't often eat Scandinavian food, but that might all change after today. The family that runs Beaver Choice has charmed me with their delicious food and friendly spirits. I can agree with some other reviews and say that the food did take a good amount of time to get served, but Beaver Choice has heard that cry and they are trying to work on it (Also, when I ordered off of the Grab & Go menu, I got my sandwich very quickly). The lady and I ordered a Swedish Meatball Pita and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu to share. The food knocked the socks off anything IKEA had to offer in it's cafeteria! The pita was loaded, and I mean loaded with fresh veggies and about three meatballs per half. For a mere $5, that's a steal for a sandwich that doesn't make you feel like you just ate a grease-soaked sponge. Now, make sure you go before 6pm if that sparked you're interest because they switch to the dinner-only menu after that. What about the schnitzel, you ask? Yum! It was basically a flattened cordon bleu covered in a very nice mushroom sauce. Every bite was very tasty, but there is a pork variation that I wish we would have gotten. Apparently the owners put the chicken version on the menu to appease non-pork eating individuals, so the pork is the original for them. Along with the schnitzel there were a few different salads (all of which were fresh loaded with crisp red onion) and a side of pan-fried thyme potatoes. I want to just eat a big bowl of those because they were that good to me. They were simple, light and flavorful.Beaver Choice. Remember that name and go check it out! It was good, but be patient. They are new and they'll get their groove thang going soon enough. Lastly, make sure you write them a review! I know I can't be the only one to be excited about multiple "schnitzel" references in a single review!
3	We had to be patient because it was pretty busy and their ordering system was a bit chaotic.I ordered the chicken cordon bleu and the bf ordered the burger with cognac dressing.Our salads were spinach, tomato basil, peas, and green beans. Stay away from the green beans, they were terrible - however everything else was tasty.The owner offered us samples of salmon, beet salad and potato salad. I like it all might try it next time. The mashed potatoes were delish not too buttery which I like. The ambiance was super weird in my opinion, nothing matched, the colors were off...but I saw the "regulars" and newbies and it was nice to support a local new restaurant.The "waitress" had on this weird smock that the owners make her wear and it seemed a tad humiliating...I'm a little split on this place, a lot of good but a lot of weird/bad things made me feel funny.Hopefully they will find their groove soon and make it a more smoother and enjoyable experience.
5	beaver choice is not a restaurant, it's an experience!  yeah, it takes a while, and it is a bit chaotic, BUT the food is amazing, the people are hilarious.  if you just decide to pull the stick out of your ass and relax, you can't help but smile the entire time you are there.be sure to try the (life changing) potato saladand the beaver balls are also quite deliciousbeaver choice is the only choice
4	Just go here, now. I really mean it.....go.Real Scandinavian folk, homemade and insanely good food.Be prepared to wait a bit for your food. Each dish is made to order so enjoy some good conversation in the mean time.
5	The family here really made me feel at home. They also did a great job of making me feel like a valued guest. I had the pork schnitzel cordon bleu. It was awesome, I pretty much ate every morsel that was served.
4	Had captains fish and poutine...both were very good.  The sauerkraut tasted homemade and the cheese Kurds were different!  The place is run by a small Swedish family, very friendly but amateurs for sure; adds to the charm of the place.  Very small only 4 to 5 tables from ikea :-)Not really vegetarian friendly though no surprise there!  I would go again!
5	Sometimes, it is just wonderful to be alive.  Actually, all the time it's wonderful to be alive.  Life is amazing, the weather is gorgeous outside, I am or think I am getting better at tennis, my girlfriend loves her job and I love that she is bringing in money for the first time in 5 years, 3 years later I can finally convince myself that bright red is not too girly a color for the car I drive, and I found a restaurant that serves food so good that I want to photoshop some incriminating photos of the husband so that I can court the owner-chef Hanna, marry her, and keep all her food to myself.  As that would be a terrible thing to do and that I don't think I'm really spouse material and that I have no game whatsoever, instead I will eat here whenever I think I deserve an amazing meal and spread the word on how awesome Beaver Choice is!On to my actual experience, I start with a phone call asking general questions about their restaurant, and engage in a nearly 8 minute dialogue analyzing what I like and ordering based upon their recommendation.  This also creates a 10% discount by ordering over the phone for pick up off their bistro menu, which is nice for my lunch hour.  I wound up picking the Chicken with Cardamomsauce, perfectly seared slices of chicken then simmeredin cardamom accented, heavy creme sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, with the seared outside giving a pleasant mouthfeel, yielding to the moist and tender inner portion, all swimming in that wonderful sauce.  You can choose a side dish and 3 portions of salad to go with your entree.  Couscous was heavenly, absorbing all the juices of the chicken and mopping up the sauce in its fluffy goodness.  Tomato-basil salad was fine, but too peppery.  The spinach salad was straightforward and competent, and home-made coleslaw was tastier than most I've had.  Very filling and extremely satisfying, I would bathe in that cardamom sauce if I could.  One note I need to make, a previous review had slammed Hanna for tasting something she was making, and using the same spoon for tasting something else.  When I arrived I mentioned I heard about them on Yelp and mentioned this review, which prompted resulted in me being ushered into her kitchen to proudly display a set of about a dozen spoons at the ready for tasting.  Also of note there are no microwaves!  The pride in their food is entirely justified, yelpers.  The only thing to be aware of is the time involved to prepare your food, but ordering in will alleviate that, or simply set aside plenty of time.  Choose Beaver Choice.  You won't regret it.
4	Don't let the name deceive you. Beaver Choice is an EXCELLENT dining experience. My girlfriend and I decided on a whim to give it a shot (after making the obligatory puns and double entendre's on the name). After staring at the menu for two minutes, trying desperately to decipher what we were to have, we gave up and asked the guy behind the counter's advice. His name was Chris and he was extremely helpful. He sold us with free samples, rather than descriptions of the plate. I ordered the gravlax; my girlfriend ordered the laxpudding. We entrusted the quality of our meal to the word of Chris and the small sample we tasted, because, in my mind, the ingredients had no business being together in one dish. Both dishes were based on lox, aka smoked salmon. We were both pleasantly surprised at the dish that greeted each of us a few minutes later. The food was EXCELLENT! And while not the cheapest dinner in the world, you get an enormous bang for your buck. Your plate is literally stacked with food. Kudos if you finish it all. Bottomline: Beaver Choice has a weird-ass name, but it serves some of the best food in Tempe. We will be back for sure, and I encourage each of you to give it a shot. I guarantee you won't come away disappointed!
5	Had lunch here with two friends. We arrived right at opening time (noon on Sunday) and, as expected, there was a bit of a wait for our food. But the wait was definitely worth it! With such an interesting menu I'll definitely be back!
2	I'm sorry but I just did not like this place. The staff was very friendly. But the food. Not to my liking. My BF enjoyed his burger. The fries with gravy were OK, but didn't have a lot of flavor. I thought everything was pretty bland.
5	Very yummy! That is all I can say. Well, come with patience. :)
5	I first visited Beaver Choice on a whim a few months back when I was searching for something new to try. I called in on a Friday night and ended up ordering the Swedish-cured Salmon Sandwich following a recommendation from the person over the phone. I am thrilled that I made this choice and thoroughly enjoyed my generous portion of excellent cured salmon. In the weeks to follow, I returned twice more to Beaver Choice, each time ordering a new dish. The Chicken Cordon Bleu was fantastic and lived up to all of my expectations, while the Laxpudding was just as savory and delicious as was described to me by the son of the owners. I feel fortunate to live in such close proximity to Beaver Choice and I absolutely love every single menu item I have sampled in my many visits. They are exceedingly friendly, open, and honest when meeting with customers. Anyone who complains about service or wait times has only themselves to blame. If they tell you over the phone that the wait could be at least 90 minutes, they mean it! That's the result of every dish being made on the spot and to perfection. They do not cut corners and they do not deviate from recipe. I have nothing but good things to say about this establishment. Their desserts are likewise delectable and the cooks are always willing to allow you to sample a dish if you're indecisive about anything (ex: my girlfriend had never had a swedish meatball and wanted me to order some, I simply asked one of the sons if it would be possible to sample one and they included it with my meal without so much as a second thought and no charge). Upon my next visit I MUST try their Lemon, Herbs, Olive Oil, and Pink Pepper Marinated Salmon as I have yet to be fortunate enough to visit on a date when they have not completely sold out of this menu item! I cannot wait for my next meal at Beaver Choice and I suggest anyone/everyone give it a try if you truly enjoy delicious, homemade food.
4	I am now asking myself why it took so long to make the first trip to Beaver Choice.  Live and learn, my friends, live and learn.To break my Swedish cuisine cherry I ordered the standard Kotbullar (Swedish meatball) plate.  It came with 3 side salads, a side and a small dish of very tart lingon berry preserve.  For the salads I chose tomato-basil salad, home made coleslaw and green peas.  For the side I chose two scoops of dill mashed potatoes.  All made perfect company for the 6 meatballs that served as the focal point of the dish.  The food was very good for $11.21 I had a hearty lunch that will surely hold me over for quite some time.  My belly is full and I feel like a nap (if only I was not departing for work shortly!).Service was top notch.  The kid working the register was very friendly and answered my questions pertaining to the menu.  He was friendly and chatty with all customers.  I was told my lunch would take 15 minutes but it was more like 10.  There looks to be a few complaints here regarding service time but there's always a wait for good food.  If you want pre-cooked meals sitting under a UV light then go to McDonald's.A nice touch is the IKEA decor.  Tables, chairs, table service and little Swedish flags.  Fitting.I will be back at Beaver Choice in the not too distant future.  The only debate will be getting the meatballs again or trying something new.
4	Everything was great here. If you're missing northern European fare, you'll hit the jackpot with this place. They have pirogies! Ohhh...sweet pirogies.Everything was amazing and I don't mind the long wait because the food is totally worth it, if you can't call in your order before hand. The staff and owner are very interesting to talk to and love what they do. I'll be going back!
5	Hands down some of the best food in the valley. Even if you're not familiar with Scandinavian cuisine the staff is extremely helpful/friendly and there are a wealth of more traditional options.The food is fresh, carefully prepared, absolutely delicious and served up with great sides. My favorite? The surf and turf hamburger (one of the only hamburgers I've never felt the need to put catchup on btw), served with the (included) couscous side, steamed broccoli, green peas, and green beans.  Like all good food, it takes time to prepare. While this isn't the ideal place if you're in a rush, if you enjoy friendly people and good food made with loving care - this is definitely a must visit.  Hands down one of Tempe's hidden gems.
4	So I went here tonight with a friend. I was really excited and nervous to try this place after reading the reviews. So you walk in and walk up to the counter to order. I got the chicken with cardamom sauce and my friend got a hamburger (boring!). So you also get to choose a side and three salads. I got the mashed potatoes, the tomato and basil salad, the spinach, and the broccoli. So the chicken was really good, especially with the mashed potatoes. As good as this was, though, the salads were the best part. The tomato basil was really flavorful and fresh and the spinach was really good with the honey mustard dressing. The broccoli was just that, plain broccoli... so not awesome, but not bad. My friend really enjoyed his burger and said that he does not usually like salad, but liked the salads here. So overall this place was really good and I will definitely be back to try other menu items in the future. All the people who work there are really friendly and they all have accents... very authentic. Oh, and I didn't try them, but they also sell chocolate beaver balls... actual name.
5	OMG I love this place. Places like these are the kind I live for. Its the diamond in the rough, the hole in the wall, the place you aren't too sure about and find that you love. The staff is incredibly polite, accommodating, and helpful. When we went in we were on a diet. We walked in close to closing time, but were more than happy to serve us anything we wanted. They were happy to make us fresh food that suited our diet. Anything that we were interested in that didn't fit the needs of our diet, they were eager to make what we wanted work or make other suggestions. The food is delicious. I can't wait to go back to this place again and again and again.
4	I had a ball here. The staff is just a family that loves making their special food for you.It is different too. I've never had anything like it and I don't know anywhere else in town that has something this different. But then again, I might not get out much! Ha!Get here now!
5	On a fine Saturday had to make it out to this spot I kept hearing Beaver Choice is the best... I entered the restaurant everyone was so friendly you could tell everyone cared about what they were doing and wanted to put out the best product they could. I ordered the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon-Bleu (Half a pound double chicken schnitzel stuffed with French brie cheese and black forest ham served with a mushroom sauce. Severed with one side I went with the Pan Fried Thyme Potatoes along with three side salads I went with the Homemade Coleslaw, Marinated Green Beans and Sauerkraut... It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time it's hard to find home cooked meals when you're not at home. I will be back for sure I still need to try a beaver cookie.
5	This is now one of my favorite places in Tempe.  It is definitely a hidden gem.  Don't judge this place by any other criteria than the taste and quality of the food, although my pork tenderloin could have used a bit more seasoning (salt).  Just, honest, fresh, tasty food.  Menu options that will satisfy many food preferences including vegetarian and gluten-free.  And, it will not leave a huge dent on your wallet.  Don't expect service to be comparable to "pro" run restaurants.  It is a very small (seats less than 30) independently owned and, I believe, family run.  They are very friendly and accommodating.  Leave your pretensions at the door and you will have a great experience.
5	So um we really, really wanted some Swedish meatballs one day. Then low and behold we landed at Beaver Choice. Best. Accident. Ever.This is a family owned business. We were the only guests. The Scandianvian son fawned on us. We had to sample EVERYTHING. I mean we had two heaping full plates of samples, before we were allowed to order. He insisted! It was so amazingly awkward. Truly though, very gracious people. It's a gem of a place.
5	Review #100         I knew I was coming up to the century mark here on Yelp, and I've been trying to think of what I'd want my hundredth to be... something different for sure... but I just wasn't coming up with anything. Then, on some random night, Kristen and I head out to Ted's Hot Dogs and there I see it... completely unassuming and somewhat hidden, a sign that reads "Beaver Choice". Remembering seeing it on Yelp a bit lately, I ask if we can, she nods, and we're off. Beaver Choice is one of those culinary miracles that I'm so glad I stumble upon occasionally, and I knew as soon as I left that it must be the illusive "hundredth review".         From the moment we walked in we felt like family... I'm a little surprised I didn't end up getting a hug, the people who run the establishment are bright and chock full of attitude, quirky attitude, if you don't have a lot of experience with people from different nations you could possibly see some of it as rude, just toughen up people, unless you're doing something silly, all they want to do is serve you well.         The atmosphere is nothing amazing, this is not The Palm, but it is very homey, it feels like you're walking into someones dining room. A lot of the furniture and dining accessories are from Ikea, which is cute because it's from Sweden, and they have a bunch of games you can play while you wait, they aren't trying to pretend they're a quick restaurant, everything is fresh and can take a while.         The food! The food is amazing. Everything I've had from the coleslaw to the potatoes to the meatballs has been wonderful. I wholeheartedly recommend the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, this thing was so simple and tasty, it's not some over-sauced or over-seasoned dish, it's fresh, quality food that speaks for itself without being covered up by a million ingredients. Also high on the list are the supremely flavorful swedish meatballs, get a chunk of meat on your fork, plow it through the potatoes then dip it in the lingonberry preserve and let me know how heaven was. The coleslaw is not your typical slaw, it is house made and much better, the thyme potatoes came in a huge portion and were delish, and the tomato basil salad was tasty even to a guy who hates tomatoes, like me.           I'm not sure how much more I could drool over this place... huge portions, very good food, fair pricing and amazing staff. Beaver Choice just has it all.
4	First things first. Can anyone say the name 'Beaver Choice' without snickering a little behind their hand? Ok, now that I've gotten that out of my system, I adore Beaver Choice! Today was our second experience with them and it is quickly becoming a favorite. This is not a restaurant to judge by appearances because, let's face it, the appearance is anything but high class. From the awkward beaver paintings on the front windows (at least I THINK that thing is a beaver...), to the flimsy dining tables and chairs, to the artwork on the walls that range from nice floral paintings to 'I'm bored and I'm going to paint a color tornado!'. I'm not a huge stickler for ambiance in a restaurant, but this place could definitely use a face-lift. BUT The food is the real story here and it is definitely worth writing home about. They have a fairly decently sized menu with with items for the faint-of-heart and adventurous palette alike. On this particular trip, my friend had the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu ($10.75). One look at their website and you know that they are proud of this puppy, and justifiably. The combination of perfectly crispy, brown schnitzel, brie and ham is divine. Her only complaint was that it was a little too greasy. I opted for Jansson's Temptation ($10.75). Mind you, I'm the kind of person who tends to gravitate towards the most seemingly unusual item on the menu.  We're talking anchovies, potatoes, onions and cream all baked into a surprisingly delicious treat. It is not very fishy at all, but is really more like a rich hash with hints of salt from the anchovies. It was perhaps a little overdone (the top was more crispy than I would have liked), but I would absolutely order it again. I found it particularly amusing that the owner felt it necessary to come out and check on me a few times to make sure I liked it. I promise, Ma'am, it was wonderful! The only reason I only ate half was because it was huge and very heavy. I'm thinking that other half is going to end up a midnight snack. If you want something similar but aren't quite up for anchovies yet, try the Laxpudding ($10.75), which is sort of like a potato fritter with salmon. I had it last time and it is also outstanding, especially with the amazing mustard that was served with it. I have no idea what that mustard was, but I want more! In addition to the already massive entrees, you get a side and three salads. I won't go into much on these, because they are pretty straight forward. You know what green beans are. No surprises. However, when you order, you are doing yourself a GRAVE disservice if you fail to order the tomato-basil salad. Perhaps my favorite thing on the entire menu. It is extraordinarily fresh and the combination of herbs and oil make it completely to die for. In fact, for my side salads this time, I got broccoli and two orders of the tomato-basil salad. Next time? Probably three. Finally, we finished off our meal by sampling the beaver balls ($1 each) and the beaver cookies ($1.50 each). The beaver balls were ok. Honestly, not much more to say about them than that. They were chocolate, so you can't go wrong there, but other than that, kind of boring. The beaver cookies, were a complete surprise. I haven't the first idea what kind of cookies they are, but they had a slightly caramel flavor to them and they were a light, crispy texture. Looking at them, I expected them to be crunchier, but they were just perfect. Sandwiched between the two cookies is a lime-y cream that was very tart and smooth and complimented the cookie perfectly. They were a wonderful way to round off a great meal. Beaver Choice has recently started a loyalty program. I would recommend joining up, even if it's just your first visit. Don't worry. You'll be back.
3	It's Swedish. That's why it's called Beaver Choice, that's why it's got a friendly Beaver painted on the window, and that's why you have board games to play "while you wait for your food".The people running the restaurant couldn't be nicer nor more helpful in explaining the menu - they really love being there and it shines through everywhere. Their schnitzel is legitimate and delicious. Order off the (more) Swedish menu and take their advice.
5	Great food, great service, very interesting menu with many many choices.  Price was decent, only complain might be the place is a little too small and gets busy very quickly.  In fact, go there at opening time to get a seat and get served fast.Keep up the good work of trying to introduce a new taste to the SW.
5	DAM, we can't wait to eat at the Beaver again! it's true! it's true!But before I tell you how great it was a few things need to be mentioned. I was teetering between 4-5 stars on this one because of the European Style Service and I had to forgive them for using canned green beans in the green bean salad. However because of the really over the top seasoning of the prepared foods we tried and the UNIQUENESS of this Quirky one of a Kind place it deserves five stars. You also need to know that this is a Tiny Mom and Pop shop in a strip mall that is BYOB SCANDINAVIAN Bistro that makes your meals fresh to order and when we were the only order it took at least half and hour to prepare. This is not a fancy place and they provide some games like Yahtzee to play with while you wait.We ordered the Chicken Schnitzel and the Gravlax platter,the platters come with THREE SIDE SALADS EACH and A SIDE DISH!I had the Gravlax and it was sliced very thin was very fresh and very flavorful I think anyone who eats Lox would like the Gravlox here. For my side salads I picked the house made cole slaw,it was very light and fresh no creamy heavy sauce(it was very good) , tomato basil salad, it was very fresh with lots of fresh basil and yummy balsamic , Peas (just plain) and for my side dish I picked the rosti potato. THAT POTATO was DELICIOUS but was SO LARGE it could feed a small country I could only eat about 1/4 of it.My husband had the regular chicken schnitzel it was pounded thin , breaded just right and came with a side of mushroom sauce,It tasted very good. One of the sides he picked was the green bean salad and I noticed they are canned green beans, that really is my only slight complaint on any food here.They don't sell any desserts that are day old here only fresh made and they have the good humor to sell a dessert called Beaver Balls.
5	What a wonderful place to have Dinner. Our daughter found this place because it had alot of gluten free items. The people who run this place are the nicest and most genuine people you will ever meet. Don't be fooled by the location in a strip mall. The food was absolutely to die for! Talk about Scandinavian home cooking at its best, well here it is. There are some real surprise dishes well worth the wait for them to cook, just like you would at grandmas house! Wow, what a treat this place was, check it out!
5	Talk about comfort food! Its not the kind you get at home, but definitely makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside. I had the pork cordon bleu schnitzel with dill mashed potatoes, tomato basil salad, sauerkraut and spinach salad. The pork was thin with a delicate, slightly golden, crispy batter. Once you cut into it, there is just a slight ooze of cheese, not too much, but just enough. You can't go wrong with mash potatoes, but these were uber good with the dill. All of the salads were just "okay" to me and they balance out the creamy pork and potatoes. I still give it a 5 because the specialty is the main dish.
5	I hope they realize how hard it was for me to get here to eat. Between my girlfriend feeling unsure and my friend who isn't into the cuisine, it took a lot of conniving and evil planning to finally have a taste. I was not disappointed in the slightest and was plenty happy with the service. I had wish I got the cashier's name, but he felt like someone you could just hang out with if he wasn't working. It was my first time there and I felt like I'd been eating there for ages! Looking at the pictures of the food, I had no doubt that I would love this place already. I had such confidence that I signed up for their membership plan already. Me and my girlfriend both ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and enjoyed every bit of it. The humor of it all is that she hates mushrooms, but loved the gravy.Now, despite my rave for the place, I do have a couple minor misgivings. (a brave thing after just giving them my phone number and full name). I ordered some poutine as an appetizer and we both liked it (her more than me). I think the fries should have had more of a crunch when they came out. Before I'm beaten with a tire iron because the fries are coated in gravy, just hear me out. I took a bite off a piece that had no gravy, so I'm not a complete idiot here. Like someone else posted, the canned green beans weren't the best, but the spicing did help it quite a bit. I blame my history of eating green beans out of a can when I was a kid so it was a little off putting for me.I give it a 4 1/2 out of 5 and I look forward to eating here again.Gotta go, I got a beaver ball with my name on it!
4	Great family atmosphere with super friendly staff. Everyone was enjoying themselves. BYOB! always a plus. Plenty to eat. You will be stuffed! Desserts as well. Reservations recommended. Just a great local place with great international food.
5	Finally I had a chance to check this place out for lunch.  I was intrigued to find a Scandinavian restaurant in town since I'm from Norwegian heritage.  I ordered the meatball sandwich with the potato salad which was really delicious!!  The place was clean, the service was friendly, and I love the fact that they have games to play while you eat.  Just a cute little Mom and Pop restaurant.  I can't wait to return and try out some different dishes.
5	Best authentic made when you order Scandinavian food ever! Forget ikea! Lol. This is fresh -  delicious - great service and super friendly owners and family! I will bring all my friends and family here for years to come without hesitation! This place does not cut corners. They make the food only once it has been ordered. This is a truly a great place and I never write reviews since finding amazing places is rare for me. This place makes it worth sharing! Go try it! 5 stars!
5	The food is excellent and fresh! The staff are genuine and honest folks. I love to support the independent restaurants. The deserts are tasty and not heavy. Made from wholesome ingredients with love. Take the time and awaken your taste buds to this awesome Scandinavian cafe. Most enjoyable!
5	This place is excellent! I had the falafel pita and wanted to die of happiness mid-first-bite. The desserts looked yummy, too. The staff here is amazingly friendly as well.The food does take a while (at least 20 minutes) and there isn't a ton of seating. Of course, I love waiting for food and I hardly ever go out to eat with a part over 4, so this doesn't bother me at all. I will return to Beaver Choice again and again. :-)
4	Don't let the name fool you, this place is actually really tasty! Owned by a cute Swedish family, they offer up great food at good prices! Be sure to try the cardamon chicken!
5	There aren't many places to eat Swedish food; I am delighted that Beaver Choice has chosen Tempe as their home.  We arrived at Beaver Choice before 6:30PM on a Friday night.  While waiting for our table, we decided to order our food first.  I had ordered the chicken cordon bleu schnitzel.   My friends had the Kottbullar (Swedish meatballs), pork schnitzel, and angus burger.  After sitting at our table for over an hour patiently waiting for our food, we noticed a large group came after us had all their food served.   We started to wonder when our food will come out.   The owner's son ensured us that it will be out soon.  After another 30 minutes had gone by, the owner came out to apologize that our ticket got stick in the back of the large group.  As a consolation we were offered the Quebec Poutine on the house.  We were starving by now.   The Quebac Poutine is french fries topped with cheese curds and hot beef gravy - so yummy.  We finished that quickly.  When the food finally arrived, my chicken cordon bleu schnitzel was big, very juicy, crispy, and all the sides were delicious.   The meatballs were savory and well-accompanied by mashed potatoes and lingonberry preserves.  This is no Ikea frozen meatballs!  Unfortunately, my friend's angus burger came out rare.  She had to send it back to the kitchen and wait again.   The owner was nice enough to put this on the house as well.  We were all so full, but just couldn't resist ordering some desserts to take home.  We ordered almost one of each item from the dessert counter from Beaver Supreme, butter cookies, beaver balls (it's not what you think.), and cream puffs.   Although, it wasn't the best first time experience, overall the food was fantastic and affordable.  Europeans know what a proper portion size is!
5	Just...what...how? But...I just... Ahh this place is so so good! From the cheery greetings from the sweet Swedish family running the joint to those mouth watering, melt-in-your mouth Swedish meatballs, this place is seriously the bees knees.  Like, I could take a bath in the meatball gravy all day long. Thats how good this place is. Make sure you go when you have plenty of time - they make everything homemade just for you with plenty of care (and magic, methinks), so sometimes you just gotta wait. The ambience has sort of a cafeteria feel, but do not let this fool you! You are literally sitting in a gold mine of tasty treats. My husband really likes the pork schnitzel cordon bleu, and I think they said it was their most popular meal. Gosh, if you haven't been to Beaver Choice, please go right now. Cancel your meetings and hair appointments and kids' soccer games. All of that can wait in the name of delicious Swedish meat!
5	Awesome dessert!!!
5	To start, the owner (I am assuming) is sooo amazing and friendly.  She was very passionate about what she is doing, serving her food, doing it well.  We were greeted by her when my Sis and I went to pick up our take out order.  When we got home I went right for the poutine, ohh my yummy.  My Mom had the pork schnitzel, it was very good, the side salads were so good, the green bean and the tomato basil were very good. The herb roasted potatoes were sooooooooo good! My Sis had an amazing meatball wrap with potato salad in it, it was also very very very good.  My sausage wrap with dill potatoes was good, just odd.  Each part was very good, but all put together didn't mesh well for me.  I was diggin the dill mashed potatoes out because they were very good.  For being run by warm and welcoming people and for making poutine that great, and for the schnitzel, potatoes and meatball wrap... Five stars!
4	This friendly Mom & Pop restaurant was exactly what I was looking for - casual, a great value, and complete yumminess outside the realm of typical restaurant fare. Definitely give it a try, and don't forget the dessert!!
5	Absolutely incredible Central Euopean food, from Sweden to Poland. And I come from a European family. Not fast because it's all fresh, the value is incredible as everything is huge.
5	Even if the decor is from Ikea the food is anything but Ikea. Really eclectic mix of scandavian, polish and canadian food. Desserts are wonderful. Huge portions and dirt cheap prices. Shhh, don't tell them they can easily charge more. If they were in a real sit down restaurant and not a strip mall fast food locale they could charge twice as much and still be considered cheap.  All food is handmade and should remind you of what Grandma used to make for you from the old country.
5	Such a cute place with awesome food and service.  I went here for lunch with my mom and it was a great experience.  We were warmly and enthusiastically greeted, and the boy working was more than happy to fully explain how the menu worked and any item on the menu.  We played some cards while we waited, and every person working there seemed to be upbeat and happy.Food was great and there was a TON of it.  So yummy.  I'll be ordering takeout soon I think.
4	Low on ambiance but the food is so flavorful, fresh and very well executed.  This is a casual storefront - order at the counter but pay when you are finished.  I had the Laxpudding which the menu says is one of the oldest Swedish dishes - cured salmon with pickled onion and cucumbers on a bed of sliced fried potatos.  It came with a sweet pickled mustard relish which was to die for.  The 3 small sides were equally flavorful.  We also had a huge plate of sausage hash topped with a fried egg and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu which was delicately fried, tender, and delicious.  This is one of Howard Seftel's top 10 dishes of 2010 and for good reason.Next up - lunch!
5	We do an "ethnic dinner" every other month and this month it was my turn. I am SO glad that I picked Beaver Choice because it was fabulous.The place itself is tiny and food is ordered from the front counter. The kid that was taking orders was very helpful and a real sweetheart. The wait time is considerable, but as long as you aren't in a hurry, the food is worth the wait.I ordered the Laxpudding with sides of broccoli, home made coleslaw, and dill potatoes. My friend ordered the Swedish meatballs.I'm not sure what I actually received since it doesn't seem to match the description of Laxpudding from their menu. I think what I actually received was the Salmonburger & Skagenrora. It was very good, but I'm not really a salmonburger kind of girl. The topping on it was fantastic though! The broccoli was delicious and perfectly cooked. The dill potatoes were also very good and holy cannoli, they are seriously DILL. If you like dill, try these potatoes.My friend raved about the Swedish meatballs - even scrapping the plate with her fork to try to get any of the remnants. She said they were better than Ikea which since I've never tried them and she says they are great, I'm going to assume this is a high compliment to Beaver Choice's meatballs.I got a Beaver Ball to go based on reviews on Yelp mentioning them. They were super chocolaty - I think dark chocolate? My husband swears there was coconut in them which he didn't like... I didn't notice coconut, but that doesn't mean anything.I can't wait to go back to try other things on their menu... especially the Schnitzel which is what they are known for. Delicious food and excellent, warm service. Great place!!
4	I ate here on a Sunday afternoon and was impressed by the food quality, very friendly service, and speed of service. On the strength of other Yelps, I had the gravlux with dill mashed potatoes and tomato basil salad. All excellent as others have said. I had broccoli and cole slaw as my other sides. The broccoli was tender without being overcooked and the slaw was a pleasant vinegar-based, not creamy, variety that complemented the rest of the food nicely. The food filled the plate without being overwhelming and I found room for one of the Beaver cookies, actually two large waffle-wafer cookies with a lightly flavored lemon cream between them. The cookies are kept in a chilled pastry case, probably because of the cream filling. A pleasant meal on a hot summer day.
5	My favorite restaurant.  During busy times the service is slow and the ambience isn't great - but its family owned and run and the food is cooked with such love that its amazing.  The mom and dad cook and the son runs the cash register. These are the nicest people and the food is delicious and cheap.
5	This has to be one of my favorite places to eat!  The food is very very flavorful and plentiful.  Try the schnitzel.  Fresh and hand made.  They make everything from scratch here.  The food takes quite awhile to come to the tables, but it is all hand made from scratch.  They even have board and card games to play while you wait for your food.Have questions about anything and all you have to do is ask Kris at the counter.  Everything you try here, you will like.  I will eat anything here and wish I lived closer, I would definitely eat there more often.
5	Up until this point, I had lived 26 years without ever trying Scandinavian food. It wasn't until this past weekend that I ventured out and tried something different. Beaver Choice, as the reviews suggest, definitely didn't dissapoint. I took a chance on the schnitzel and fell in love immediately. My girlfriend, ordered the meatballs and also loved it. Without a doubt, this place has great food at reasonable prices.If you're looking for something different I highly recommend Beaver Choice.
5	Beaver Choice is Tempe's best hidden gem, I would eat there every day if I could.
5	Went  to Beaver Choice for the first time today and it was simply outstanding. I had the Chicken with Cardamom sauce. This dish was excellent. The thyme potatoes were solid as a side dish, but the true standout of the salads was the Tomato-basil salad. Make sure you try the tomato-basil salad as one of your salads if you get one of the dishes that comes with the three salads. I'll be getting at least a double of those next time I go. This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry, but the food is well worth the wait.
5	This place is AWESOME. I usually go for the Swedish meatballs, with the creamy dill potatoes and their coleslaw, then some green beans. OH my goodness! So tasty.The coleslaw is sweet and sour style just like my Oma makes and I could possibly eat the entire bin. The meatballs and tender and juicy and you will likely want more.But you are about to explode from all the food you just ate.Then your eyes glance over to the baked good section... those oatmeal cookies... yes they have oatmeal but its almost like brittle mixed with some sort of crack. Or their pavalova which is meringue and oranges and pretty much the best thing that your mouth has tasted  other than their other food. Customer service is always great the owner is so sweet! Her son is a doll and sells some of his own jewelry creations.So check it out you wont complain. But just dream of Sweden, Poland, and even Canada because this eclectic mix is not to be missed!
5	I loved everything I had. Schnitzel, Rosti, Tomato basil salad. My wife had the Swedish meatballs which were great and my daughter had the chicken with cardamom sauce and the green beans were garlicy and light.  Every item was great. We shared a poutine which fantastic.  We will eat the desserts later.
4	The pierogies should be on the menu all the time. So dang good
2	Atmostphere: None.Service: Counter service. Friendly, in a swedish kinda way.Food: Ok - I had the chicken wrap.It took 30 minutes to get a chicken wrap. 30 minutes. And it was not crowded. It tasted pretty good. I assume it took 30 minutes because they were waiting for the chicken to mature enough to slaughter it, butcher it, dress it and cook it to put in my wrap.30 minutes for a chicken wrap? Really?
5	Absolutely loved it! I came here with the boyfriend for dinner last week and enjoyed every moment of it...Chicken Cordon Bleu with 4 sides: rosti, tomato basil salad, cole slaw and spinach salad.Chicken was moist and the cheese and ham complimented it nicely. The mushroom sauce was great, not too salty - loved that. Rosti was like a mashed potato pancake. I liked the crispy crust on both sides. It was tasty with some mushroom gravy on top. Tomato basil salad was light and refreshing. Cole slaw was tangy and not overly creamy-probably my favorite side. The dressing on the spinach salad was good. I think it was honey mustard. Schnitzel with 4 sides: pan fried thyme potatoes, tomato basil salad, green beans, and I forgot the other.Pork Schnitzel was pretty good. Not as good as the chicken but same great mushroom gravy came with it. Thyme potatoes had nice spice and texture. Didn't try the green beans because I hate canned green beans but the BF said it was good. Same tomato basil salad as other plate.We also got a small poutine to share. I have been craving this for weeks-ever since a friend of mine went to Canada and kept posting pictures of it on FB! Thought it would finally satisfy my craving but only made it worst because now I constantly think about going back for more! It was so good!We stuffed ourselves silly, but had to get a beaver cookie to take home to try. I was eyeing these from our table and made my mind to get one because everyone was buying 4-5 of these to take home when they were leaving. Needless to say it didn't even make it to the car before we devoured it. I'm a sucker for cookies with almonds!This is awesome comfort food to the max. Yes, it's on the heavy side so I wouldn't have it often but it's definitely a place I would come to on my "I don't care about dieting, I'm stuffing my face" days.
5	Heavenly! Pure heaven!!After living in Poland I sometimes get a hankering for some good Polish eats and this place does the trick! Best part is, I can say the few polish phrases that I know AND they understand me. I got the  chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, it was FANTASTIC. Highly recommended. I also got the mandarin dessert -- OH MY GOSH. This was GREAT. GET IT, GET IT, GET IT!!!!!YUM, YUM, YUM, YUM!!!!!
5	OMG, call me FULL of schnitzel!   I feel like Beaver Choice is kinda hidden in a strip mall, and only a few (yelpers and Scandinavians) actually know about the restaurant.  And that's ok with me.  A small mom and pop's restaurant is definitely a popular place where people can dine, discuss the day's happenings and even play games while waiting for their lunch or dinner.  OH, and you can bring your own wine!  I had the pork schnitzel with a mushroom cream sauce, dill mashed potatoes, green beans, steam broccoli and tomato basil salad.  Nothing was left on my plate.  We also had the fries with the cheese curds and gravy and malt vinegar.  But wait, you must have some dessert! I had the chocolate brownie pie with fresh cream and strawberries , and I ended up taking some of the cookies and these balls made of chocolate, coconut, oatmeal called beaver balls home.Friendly family staff, loved the fact that if there was an argument between family members in the dining area, it was in Swedish or German ..not sure which.  It just added to the charm.Will be back for the Swedish meatballs!
5	When I travel, I look for unique places to eat. I like local flavors and small businesses doing what they do to the very best of their ability. I hate large-scale, mediocrity-soaked chain restaurants that you can find absolutely anywhere. So I look at Google, Yelp, UrbanSpoon ratings and take my chances. So tonight I found this place in Tempe, AZ called Beaver Choice. Hundreds of reviews and a great rating. They advertised themselves as a Scandinavian/Polish restaurant. So I went. It was a hole-in-the wall in a strip mall with plastic chairs and flourescent lighting -- order at the counter style. I was tentative, but not for long. The young blonde boy who took my order smiled and spoke with a Sweedish accent. I guess they get mostly regulars becasue the older woman working near the kitchen behind him asked me how I found their place in a very heavy Sweedish accent. I ordered a Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu. It came with dill mashed potatoes, sauteed green beans, peas, and a salad. At the fountain there was RC Cola and 7-Up. I mentioned that you don't see RC Cola much anymore and the lady responded that they support as many local businesses as possible. Score one. After a short wait, the boy delivered my order; it was very nicely presented. And it was incredible. The chicken was tender and juicy; the ham and cheese inside was bursting with flavor, and the sides dishes were all fresh and delicious. I devoured my plate and was full but wanted more. Serious score. Good job, Beaver's Choice. If I'm ever in Tempe again, you'll get my return business. Yum!
4	If you can't cook and need a good home cooked meal then head over to Beaver's Choice. The average tab per person for dinner is about $15. The 20-30 minute wait for the food was not a big deal. It gives you a chance to actually talk to your dinning companion(s). I had the stuffed cabbage which was just ok for me but not the best I have ever had. The home made coleslaw is a winner and the cubed fried potatoes were delicious. I had some of my wife's Chicken Cordon Blue which comes flattened, not like the Chicken Cordon Blue you might get at a wedding. I have to say it wasn't my favorite. I definitely need to try some other menu items because there were some other dishes at the other tables that looked really good. I also wish they would drop the RC products and switch to coke. In conclusion, I really wasn't blown away by the taste of the food like my fellow Yelpers. This is really a 3 1/2 star restaurant in my opinion, but I'm going to round up to 4 stars since I'm feeling generous today.
4	Quaint and quirky is what comes to mind when I reminisce on my visit to Beaver Choice. The tables, plates, and furniture are all IKEA (of course). The large and rather gaudy window paintings visible from the front add to the offbeat vibe of this place.On that note, this place could use Gordon Ramsey... desperately. It appeared extremely unorganized and the menu options are way too complicated; basically you order your entree and it comes with a side (some sort of potato) and three salads. Although I liked the variety, it was completely unnecessary and I'm sure it made things more hectic in the kitchen than they need to be.Which brings me to the service, you order at the counter and sit and wait for your food. Our food took at least a half an hour. it arrived and it was room temperature.That being said, you're probably wondering, "why the four stars?"The food was on point, flavorful and fresh. I had the pork meatballs and they were very well accompanied by a kind of dill sweet and sour sauce. It tasted like my norwegian grandma that I never had made it just for me.I would recommend this place if you're feeling like something different.
4	Worth the drive to Tempe! NOT fancy but totally comfortable thanks to the wonderful, gracious family owners/operators.Do NOT miss the dill mashed potatoes! Also, I LOVED the tomato sauce that came with the cabbage rolls. Was dipping everything I possibly could in it!! I ordered both of the beet options but, if forced to choose, liked the beet salad best... wound up "cleaning" the dish by wiping it down with the remaining pickled beets! I liked the cabbage rolls but I LOVED the hash one of my dining companions had ordered. This is likely what I will get on my next visit.The pierogi were boiled but didn't seem to spend any time in a frying pan. I love pierogi but I prefer them to have a little more of a crunch -- the firmness you get from a quick pan fry.It's a tiny, casual place. Order at the counter, they bring you your food and you pay at the counter when you're done.A BYO, if you also bring your own glasses they waive the corking fee!Seriously cannot wait to go back!! :9
5	First time having Scandinavian food, everything was excellent. Will return soon.
4	Definitely a fan! I brought my boyfriend here unknowingly, and he had his doubts about the place, but I knew he would be eating his words later. The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected, with 8 or so tables in the front, over half of which were occupied when we arrived. Some people were ordering in front of us, so we grabbed some menus and decided on what to get. When it was our turn, who I'm assuming is the son of the family took our orders. I had the chicken schnitzel, broccoli, green bean salad, coleslaw, and pan-fried thyme potatoes. My bf had the stuffed chicken breast, coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and I forgot what else :)Never having schnitzel, I was a little nervous, but it was SO GOOD. The mushroom sauce it came with was also delicious. It's pretty moderately priced (our plates were about $11/each), but you get so much food, I wasn't able to finish it all. As others have said, everything is made to order so it takes a little while to get your plates, but I would say it's definitely worth it.
5	What a wonderful dining experience....the food is unbelievable ...the owners are so sweet .. Down home comfort food at it's finest can't wait to go back many times to try everything on the Menu...
5	Beaver Choice is an excellent place which I have had the chance to visit three or four times.  This is about as home-cooked as you can get in a restaurant.  It's like eating at Mom's house, if Mom happens to be Swedish.I've had a few of the entrees -- schnitzel cordon bleu, pork medallions, seared gravlax -- and all were delicious.  Especially the gravlax.The sides are also great, and you usually get three per meal.The poutine is perhaps not as good as what you'd get in Quebec, but it's easily the best I've had in Arizona.  The fact that they even have poutine wins this place a few points.I have also had the opportunity to try their dessert specialty, the Beaver Supreme.  This mess of chocolate, meringue, cream, mandarin orange, and possibly a few other things, is the sort of thing which you set out intending to only eat half in the first sitting, but ultimately find your free will diminished, invariably resulting in an empty dish and a fear of the onset of diabetes.Also, it seems one gentleman gave this place low marks for the long preparation time on a chicken wrap.  I just have to ask, why would anyone go to a Scandinavian restaurant and order a chicken wrap?  Can you imagine what would happen if you wander into a Viking camp and order a chicken wrap?  Your head would be off before you could recite one measly Odinian incantation.
4	"Yippee and yum-ooo," says my stomach.This place is managed with the friendliest staff (probably owner and family). Food was hearty, home cooked, piping-hot goodness. 4 stars because of a great ethnic culinary experience, its  tasty food and kind staff. With all these positives I was able to overlook one big factor that is a big deal on most days, when you just don't have the time.I'm talking wait time to get food. Please come before you feel hungry. I had to wait close to 45-55 minutes for my plate. Also if you come with a plus one, don't be surprised if your plates do not get served at the same time. My boyfriend got his dish 15-20 minutes before mine. I watched him eat and vice versa. Other tables I noticed experienced the same.
4	This place is a great find! The lunch prices are very reasonable and such great quantity and quality (I am very picky with food and quality). They could use a better lettuce than iceberg but that is my only request to change. Apparently, they opened in 2010 and I have been missing out.... missing out no longer. Great food and nice owners and staff. Scandinavian food is on!
5	Okay, I literally just sat down after eating here and had to write this review. Aaamazing.My boyfriend and I were at home deciding whether it was worth the effort to get up and go get dinner, due to the disgusting heat of course, and I decided to check out Yelp and see what sounded good enough to get me out the door. Found this place, and he had been there before, given he literally lives across the street. (This is now a dangerous, dangerous thing given how much I loved this place.)Everyone who works here: super nice. We chatted for quite a while when placing our order and even got a recommendation for a Thai place down the road. I ordered the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, my boyfriend ordered pork schnitzel. Everything was fantastic. You get three salads and a side, my side was mashed potatoes (lots of dill, yummm) and I got sauerkraut, the potato salad and peas (I ended up getting the basil tomatoes when served by mistake, which actually was fine because they were delish...only thing that was "wrong" with our visit, which is not a big deal at all to me). Ended up taking half of my schnitzel home, the portions were super generous. We got a Beaver cookie and two of the chocolate balls to take home...just as amazing as dinner. We have already decided we're going back next weekend (I'm thinkin' meatballs and pierogies) and I have a feeling we will be there a lot in the future...this place is awesome! Anyone who complains about the wait time...maybe it's just me but I'd rather wait a half hour for quality food than the alternative. This isn't fast food...go to McDonald's if you only have five minutes to wolf down something.
5	Absolutely loved it.  I had a craving for Swedish meatballs and found this place by browsing Yelp.  We drove all the way from North Scottsdale to try it.  Totally worth it.  I tried the meatballs with coleslaw, dill mashed potatoes, and basil tomatoes.  My husband got a steamed fish dish with fries, peas, and a spinach salad.  Everything was REALLY good and homemade.  The coleslaw was not like the regular coleslaw you would expect, but it was fantastic.  All real, fresh ingredients too... no fake potato spud mix, no frozen/canned peas.The people there were lovely too.  All so friendly and sweet.We got there a half hour after they opened, and there was only one family in there ordering before us.  Three tables were already on reserve though.  When we started eating, the restaurant packed up pretty quickly.Love this place and will definitely make the drive to go back.
5	The food was good and serving sizes were enormous. Everyone was very friendly and the lady at the counter was in the words of my girlfriend adorable. The beaver cookies are awesome it was like eating a lemon meringue pie.
5	This place is awesome. You must appreciate made to order, authentic food!! The cabbage rolls are to die for. The schnitzel cordon bleu, pork or chicken, is amazing. Swedish meatballs, poutine... Try it all! We have yet to try something we don't like! Not to mention each item usually comes with FOUR different sides. This is the best Scandinavian food in the valley!!
5	Finally poutine done right in Phoenix! I wish this place was closer to my place.  They do a nice job though, friendly staff, overall great.
5	Found this place on Yelp and decided to write my first of many commentaries.  It was authentic home-cooked food, made with love.  Sounds corny, but if you spend much time on the road, it's not worth guessing by judging a book by its cover.  And this strip mall appearance would normally just result in a drive-by.  You would never even see it set back from the road.Had the herring appetizer which was awesome, and the swai filet.  It was buttery and soft, as you might expect.  The side dishes (kraut, cole slaw, beets, potatoes) all had a very original flavor and I liked most of them...a few were kind of heavy/creamy (the beets) and dill is used often - but that's what you mostly expect from cuisine from this region of Europe.  Gave 5 stars for the overall experience - food quality, price, quantity, ambiance, service, and love.  As Hanna (the owner) said about running this restaurant, "You have to love it".  And everyone there does, including the many regular customers.  I'll be back again Hanna.  So you can call me a "regular customer too".  Take me to a family run restaurant like this anytime, and I will be back again and again.
5	I want to live at Beaver Choice.
5	If you're in the Tempe area there is Norway you should miss the chance to eat here. The portions were so large I could barely Finnish my meal. I had the chicken schnitzel cordon bleu and my husband had the frikkadeller, and both were delicious. The beet salad sides were perfectly Swedened; just the right balance of savory and sweet. If you like Scandinavian food Denmark this place down on your list of restaurants to visit. P.S. Iceland? I don't know.
5	Yet another great place I would have never found without Yelp! It's not about atmosphere here. Its about wonderful food, generous portions and one of the nicest proprietors I've ever had the fortune to meet. She treated us like gold. She allowed us to sample ALL her salads and made up a special plate of them for our family to share instead of making us choose three for each entree. It was a simple thing, I suppose, but we really appreciated that she was willing to accommodate our indecisiveness. :-) I wish we lived closer. I could imagine making Beaver Choice a regular haunt. She told us that she loves Yelp! Ninety percent of her new customers come to her because of Yelp and she's won several awards for Beaver Choice, but she's most proud of her Yelp award. She'll be moving to a new, larger location soon and is looking forward to adding a bar where you can drink from large horns.
4	My Dad is 100% Norwegian and I took him there for late lunch we all loved it friendly family owned and amazing home cooking.  A must to try
4	To set the record straight for all the pervs out there who thought I was checking in at a strip club tonight (it's Wednesday night for God's sake and I have to work in the morning!!!!), Beaver Choice is a tiny, VERY unassuming Scandinavian/ Canadian restaurant in a strip mall in Tempe.Check out all of the awesome reviews to get an idea of how great this place is and then get in here. They serve a nice selection of Scandinavian fish, meat and pork dishes.I started out with Quebec-style poutine which was delicious (the Canadians weren't pulling my leg on this). The only thing that was missing was beer (they are BYO FYI, so I'll bring beer next time). I'm telling you folks, our evil socialist neighbors to the north know how to whip out some great comfort food!!!!!For my main I enjoyed some hearty Swedish meatballs bathed in a hearty cream sauce and accompanied with tomato basil, spinach salad and sauteed green beans. You get a LOT of food because your main comes with a side(choice of potato) and three types of salad. The salads are small but throw in three choices, your side and your main and you wind up with a lot of food.They have a nice selection of tasty looking pastries as well but you will be so full you'll want to get your dessert to go.The family that run the place are so warm, hospitable, kind and welcoming and I'm thrilled that they're moving to a bigger location. This is a hidden gem in the valley and really and great option when you're sick of all the usual choices to eat.
5	Gotta love a Scandinavian restaurant that also serves German and Polish food! The food in this family-run business is really good and service is warm and very friendly.  You certainly won't leave hungry, and depending on what you order you may be taking some of your lunch or dinner home because the total amount of food you get on your plate is quite generous. My favorites are the laxpudding and the Beaver Supreme dessert.
5	There is thia cookie sandwich thing that is so good. The two outside "cookies" are made of different grains, but its the inside cream that is so good. The cookie is pretty sweet in general, but the tart creamy middle makes this very addictive. Okay enough about that awesome cookie. Their side salads are so good. You typically get 3 with your meal. And get the potato salad for sure. Overall Yummy!
4	Totally unpretentious, small, very casual, interestingly-named, family-operated, and offering good values on large portions of delicious food. Thus: A keeper!Two things to note before you go: There are only 6 4-top tables so reservations are recommended. Also, no liquor license, so it's BYOB with a $5-per-bottle corking fee. The side-salad options on the menu are kinda confusing at first. Keep in mind that they don't combine the separate items in a bowl: You are essentially ordering three separate small side dishes served on the same plate as the main course. Business is good enough that they're talking about expanding to a larger location, which would be nice. I hope they can keep the same qualities that make their place a must-visit today.
5	Wow! What a neat little place with extraordinary food. First of all, you better be good if you are going to "make it" next to Ted's hot dog restaurant. The Quebec Poutine is to die for. We could have made a meal out of it by itself. The addition of the malt vinegar gives it a flavor that really says "eat more of me." We each ordered a Tunbrodsrulle wrap which was a mistake because they are so big. They were delightful but we wound up taking one home for later. This is one of those places I couldn't wait to Yelp about. I can't wait to try some of the other dishes on the menu. Service is great, they make you feel welcome. Restaurant is very casual and I think they might but ready for prime time somewhere. This is one of those places where with the right location the sky's the limit. I have never been that big of a fan of Scandinavian food until now. Try this place!
4	This place has POUTINE. For those of you who have never had this drunken Quebec delight--cheese curds, gravy, and french fries. Glllrrrrbbbl. Also, the shrimp and egg sandwich comes on a massive roll with shrimp for days. The people who work here are all from Quebec I believe, and the kid at the register makes me chortle like a Swedish schoolboy every time I'm here.The food is bonzer but can be a little pricey if you're not careful. The desserts are ALL good (try the 'beaver balls' or whatever they are called) and the prices on those are low. They have a couch you can sit on and Ikea furniture that bows under the weight of my apparently massive body. The walls are bland and poorly decorated but they have a fireplace (lol...) inside here. On the mantle lie a few books and games that are related to the family's local and ancestral roots. My only regret is that it's not open late at all, considering Poutine is the greatest drunk food of all time.
5	I drove 45 minutes from Happy Valley to try this place out, and it was worth every minute. The people who run the place are almost as amazing as the food they serve. We tried the Poutine, Crab Cake, Schnitzel, and my favorite the Cabbage Rolls (freakin' amazing). To top it off dessert consisted of 3 "Beaver Balls" and the "Cookie" Sandwich. I'm not one for coconut, so I didn't try the Beaver Balls, but my friends loved em, and the Cookie Sandwich was a great way to end a phenomenal meal. The entree's come with a side, along with 3 types of salads of your choice. I can not WAIT till they open their 2nd place a bit closer to central city, BUT in the meantime, its worth the drive from North Phoenix for a little taste of Scandinavian/Polish heaven!The staff A+The food A+The fun A+
3	oh boy. nothing, i repeat, nothing is vegetarian. i ordered a sampler of side dishes and dessert. service was warm and charming, but ridiculously slow. the owner came out and talked to us and said they had someone call in sick, so that was understandable. my dining partner said his food was bland. probably won't be back although i desperately wanted to love this place.
4	If I were Polish or Swedish, I think my mom's home cooking would taste like this. It's overpriced and the service isn't what you're going to be used to, but they're really nice (might seem like bad service because of a cultural difference). Food takes a long time too. But pretty much anything on the menu will be great (I think the portion-sizes are overstated, but the food here has an umami-like pop to the flavor). Try the schnitzel and as many versions of the potatoes as you can.
5	Still get 5 stars. Went back again yesterday for some of that Poutine. Glllrrrbbbl. Had a hard time coming up for air once I started eating. Susan had 6 perogies and enjoyed. We love this place. They are planning to move in January or February to a new location in Mesa. Fortunately, they will be even closer to us :)We really need to take some of our kids there so they can sample some of this Scandinavian/Canadian cuisine. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. You can't find this stuff on Denny's menu (or any other local restaurant?).Beaver Balls are next on my list to try.
4	Found this place on Yelp because of the high ratings of others so another couple, my wife and I decided to give the odd-named restaurant a try. As we pulled up I became very concerned that we had chosen the wrong place. It didn't look like a nice restaurant, more like a low-budget Mexican food joint. Entering into the place didn't make us feel any better:  it was small, so brightly lit that you almost need sunglasses, and sparsely decorated. We went up to the counter (yes, that's right, no server to take your order even though they have a menu) to get a menu, then sat down to choose dinner and then got back in line to place our order. We ordered the Swedish meatballs, chicken cordon bleu, and pork tenderloin skewer. We split the three dishes between the four of us. Pork was pretty good, meatballs were amazing and the chicken cordon bleu was delish. Food was definitely 5 stars, as was the owner if the restaurant. She was very nice and helpful. I took a star off for the ambience, but as the owner explained, that will change in the future. They are moving to a full size restaurant once the two year lease is up in February. We will definitely go back again, but probably not until they are at the new location. If you haven't been to Beaver's Choice, it's definitely worth it. Don't expect much from the setting yet, but the food and friendly owner are great.
3	Unique food will have to back to try something different
5	Went in on their 4th day open because I didn't want to wait in line at Ted's. They were eager to explain their menu and even gave me a sample of a few things. The family who owns the place (and seems to work there all the time)  recognized me (even though I'd only been there once) when I brought family back months later, and welcomed me in like I was an old friend. Food Is prepared like a home cooked meal made by your mother who happens to be a chef. Customer service is excellent, food is amazing, and I always leave wishing I could eat every meal there.
2	We love the food, but their service is SLOW. Insanely slow for the type of food. It's not complex food, it's simple comfort food. But it commonly takes us 45 minutes to get our meal.Worse yet, when I made a normal, polite consumer comment regarding the slowness to the young guy behind the counter, he told me to go somewhere else!
5	Mmmmmm.Yum.Being a Pole from Chicago, I definitely know good Polish food-AND I miss it since having moved to Az. We found Beaver's Choice purely by accident-reading Yelp, and decided to give it a go.OMG! Hania the owner makes -everything- herself- and it is to DIE for; we had the herring appetizer[ delicious, smooth, silky ,the BOMB], and then the salmon platter[gravlax] with a variety of salads and dill potatoes, as well as the pierogi platter.Fabulous, juicy ,tender, delicate, amazing. it was just like being home again.The staff are super friendly, courteous, and kind, and the food came super fast!Desert was their famous "beaver cookies", and you simply -have- to grab a couple to take home with you. All in all, an amazing dining experience, cannot WAIT to go back.=)
4	Went here for lunch and the food was incredibly tasty! Portions are very large. I got the pork schnitzel and it came with two huge pork cutlets breaded and cooked to perfection and covered with this really good mushroom gravy. The Swedish potato salad was so good, and I don't even care for potato salad. The owners are incredible friendly too. I can't wait to go back here again.
2	Maybe I was let down by my expectations, or maybe because it was just a sandwich to go. I just wasn't impressed with my pork schnitzel on a bun. At a little over $7 (after tax) for just a 6" sub sandwich is really pricy and it honestly wasn't as good as I had hoped. The baguette was tough to bite through and the toppings were whatever. I expected some of the mushroom gravy to be on the sandwich, but didn't ask about it. The pork was tasty, but not as crisp as I would have liked. If not for the pork, it sort of felt like a subway sandwich.My main complaint is the portion size. I know it's a lunch to-go menu, but it was honestly like a small snack than a meal. Would have liked some sort of fries or something to help fill me in.I'll still give this place another try and have one of their full meals. That chicken cordon bleu sounds tasty and I'll update my review later.
1	WORST POSSIBLE SERVICE I HAVE EVER, I MEAN EVER, HAD!!!! This restaurant that was recommended to me by a friend who told me they serve poutine. I was super excited to try this place and being that I'm originally from Canada, I was looking forward to a little taste of home. I live in North Phoenix and drove 45mins to have "Poutine"Saturday Night August 25th - 4 adults, 2 kids - we walked in the door and the place is a mess. There was no where for us to sit. We stood around for about 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us. Finally they come to the front to clean up and start arranging tables to accomodate our party.  When we finally get to look at menus we realize that there are more then 1 size of poutine available. I head up to the counter to inquire about the poutines and the sizes... And that's when I am very rudely informed that if all we are going to have is poutine then we need to take it to go. They will not allow us to eat in the restaurant as it is Saturday night and one of their busiest nights and we cannot take up the much needed space. *** This is where I will mention that there was only 1 other table being used at the time*** I explain that we all want to have poutine and that we drove 45mins from Phoenix to come and try this restaurant... The person behind the counter didn't care. We were not to be served.Needless to say, we walked out, WITHOUT the poutine that  we were so looking forward to... I would NEVER recommend this restaurant! I have never heard of anyone turning away business because it was their busiest night, regardless of how much or how little we were going to order. Even if all we ordered was 4 large poutines that alone is $30, add in drinks.... Throughly disgusted with the lack of customer service.
4	Really enjoyed the food. The reviews are true. I would give it 5 stars but the location is not the best. Five stars for the food though. Support local! Looking forward to visiting their new location. Like their story.  Started on a food truck!  Good for you!
5	The food was wonderful! Nothing trendy, not a chain, or anything remotely like one. The atmosphere was a little quirky but who cares? The food was like a Scandinavian grandma would make. Absolutely delicious!And the chicken schnitzel was to-die-for!
4	The food is delicious and filling. If you are in the mood for comfort food...look no further. Don't pass this up. Great find!Service is Fast and very friendly. Ambiance  Clean and orderly. Tables from IKEA are cute. However, the decor does lack...something. The lady behind the counter says they are moving to a location in Mesa by February. Would I recommend this place to our friends??? Absolutely!!
5	I wasn't quite sure what to expect when I pulled into the strip mall parking lot.  I saw the name on the storefront, but was a little thrown with large signs advertising sandwiches, salads and soup.  I stepped into the establishment to find a casual set-up of a few tables and chairs.  I was looking forward to the Scandanavian choices that fellow Yelpers had raved about.  I first picked up one menu that offered the mundane offerings of sandwiches and soups that you can get anywhere else.  But then I found their second menu containing all the goodies I had been looking for.  I decided to go with the baked cod, beet salad, potato salad, spinach salad and rosti (large hashbrown).My lunch came out completely filling the plate, including an extra plate for the rosti (which I took home).  The fish was delicately cooked to perfection accompanied by the colorful salads.  I attempted to finish my plate, but wanted to savor every bite.  Delightful, with leftovers!I overheard the owner say they were moving locations soon, so call before you go so you don't miss out.
4	so yummy... homemade style!
5	Incredibly amiable owners, unique menu selection made fresh by experienced cook. Went in hungry and (after being kindly offered a sampling of all delicious side options) left completely satisfied with a full plate sticking to my ribs: pork cordon-bleu, mashed potatoes, creamy beet salad, sweet green beans, just-right sauerkraut and some lovely gravy (see picture).
4	The owner was very friendly and talkative. She asked me whether we learned about this place through yelp. Yeah she knew the answer.We ordered pierogi and chicken schnitzel cordon bleu, with mushroom sauce, various side salads, and a plate of pan-friend thyme potato. I knew nothing about pierogi and it tastes very much like Chinese dumplings to me -- but with a cheesy potatoey filling. So I took my husband words for it -- "great." The chicken schnitzel cordon bleu actually reminded me of the KFC double down sandwich (http://www.kfc.com/doubledown/). No offense but I actually enjoyed KFC tremendously as a kid. The concept of Beaver Choice's chicken cordon bleu was quite similar to a double-down: breaded chicken steak with ham and cheese in the middle. It tastes good, slightly on the saltier side.The side salads were refreshingly clean. I was quite impressed by the cole slaw because in my mind, cole slaw should be simple, not a greyish goo with mayo mixed in. Husband liked the tomato basil salad. The pan fried tomato was tasty too.A couple notes:1) It is moving to a new location in Mesa. Good for business I guess, but sad for me because I live right around the corner.2) Menu is quite extensive. We definitely want to come back and try a couple more things. They know what they are doing. In fact, the background sound to our dining experience was the constant pounding of the meat from the kitchen. I surely didn't mind hearing that they made things fresh on the spot.3) Food was surely tasty. The current location was small but very clean and bright (almost has a well-lit fast-food restaurant feel to it). It can get busy, thus crowded, very fast.4) The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I think the price was a bit higher than I expected. I'm not saying I don't want to spend money on good food. I'm just saying we got another meal after this that night and we are not some serious big eaters.
5	Hidden jem! Come hungry, because its a ton of food! The chicken schnitzel get it, love it, MmmmMm. Also try the lemon cookie, its pretty amazing!
5	UniqueDeliciousRelaxed atmosphereFunny nameDuring my first trip here, I was suffering from a pretty bad cold. Even with a stuffy nose, my taste buds were delighted by their succulent and tasty dishes. We ordered Swedish Meatballs (of course) and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu (thank you Yelp). With each dish came three hearty sides garnished by their own tantalizing flavors. I really enjoyed the potatoes with the accompanying sauces and gravy.I must warn you: you will wait for good food. We probably hung out for about 45 minutes before our order came out. If you're in a hurry, probably go somewhere else. Otherwise, grab one of the card games they have available on the shelf and prepare yourself for some of the best authentic Scandinavian food served in the most random-est of strip malls.One last thing - these guys know they're good and are proud of it. They posted the award they received from Yelp for having high ratings with lots of reviews. One of the owners explained it was the best award they've won because it comes straight from regular customers. Gotta love that!
5	my husband is A swedish national trapped in a land of desert cuisine.  when i found this place he nearly flipped!  he said it was excellent, authentic, and just what he wanted.  going back today for lunch!
4	Came back with my girlfriend. Ordered the chicken cordon bleu and it was tasty :) The brie cheese isn't that strong though. It sort of melts and mixes with the juices of the chicken. Much better portion size than the sandwich before and more variety in the flavors. This was a much higher quality dish.The mashed potatoes were very good. We also tried the crab cake which had a sweet salsa and some sort of caviar on top as well as a side salad. Pretty tasty! My girlfriend had a pita wrap which was the right size for the price. The pita fell apart really easily though.Still sort of pricey but I guess it's reasonable for the uniqueness of the food. Food took a long time, but it helps playing with the games to pass the time. I suggest planning a lot of time to eat here, or calling in your order ahead of time.I'd come back if I needed a change of pace, but not sure I'd ever crave a place like this.
5	Saturday 11 AM crowd of 6 pplSwedish Potato Hash FTW!We drove 40 min to try this place.I was scared bc of the unique foods and the exterior looks,but I had heard good things abt it.Takes a while to make, so grab one of their games.In our case, we brought our own.My group played "Cards against humanity". We were ROFL and noisy while the food was being prepared.Staff was nice, esp owner.
4	Very fresh and authentic food. The owner was very friendly and patient as we weren't sure as to what to order. Great pierogies and for desert, I got a peice of what looked like cheese cake. she said she made it there so I had to have a peice. It was sooo good!! Lighter and not as rich as cheesecake that I am used to. I could eat the hole thing!!!I am sad to hear that they are moving as it will be farther from our home.
4	We love this place! The food is good, very unique, and the employees (family) are super friendly.  They are moving soon, early 2013 I believe.  Don't go if you're in a rush.  When you order the schnitzel you'll often hear them pounding it out in the back.  A lot of dishes take 30+ minutes but thats what good, not-premade, family crafted food takes.My favorites are the poutine (french fries covered with gravy and cheese curds) and the rosti (omg-wtf-awesome hashbrowns).  All of the main dishes I've tried were good (cabbage rolls, schnitzel, etc)
1	My Mother and Daughter and I went to Beaver Choice for lunch.  We arrived at 2 o'clock.  They made no mention of the fact they were closing at 2:30.  We ordered, waited (a lengthy wait) for our food and began to eat.  About 8 minutes later a young man comes to the table and offers us boxes, telling us we MUST leave since they are going to have a meeting! WHAT? We just spent 25 dollars and we are being kicked out?  We tried to scarf some food quickly (my Mother is elderly and cant really eat in the car) as they were pulling the food and napkins and drinks off of our table.  This had to be the rudest experience EVER in my 42 years.  The food was NOT great and they charge extra for ANYTHING, like 50 cents to add mayo, without letting me know they were adding an extra charge for mayo.  WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!
3	This snug little place is moving to a larger space in the new year - just to let you know. It'll be near Extension and Baseline. Now... the food is good and prepared while you wait and and unusual. Definitely go with the Swedish Pork Schnitzel and the beet salad. The saurkraut is divine as is the large lacy cookie to have after dinner. Service is efficient but you will wait for your meal to be prepared - not a place to be in a hurry, ok?? But it's worth the wait and I will definitely go back. But... I will skip the peas. They were boring. Sorry.
5	Dined here again and was pleasantly surprised to see that they added more dishes to their already delicious menu.  I tried a newer dish, swai fillet en papillote, and tasted some of the beef med lok (burger with sauteed onions).  The swai, baked in foil, was tender and moist, with a vibrant flavorful sauce.  The burger was excellent.  It had a nice slightly smoky flavor, and was perfectly grilled.  The sides, as always, are superb.  Service is always warm and friendly, and the family here really takes care of their customers, especially if you are a regular!  I am sad to see that they will be moving farther away from where I live (To Mesa, on the corner of Baseline and Extension) in February, but I'm excited for them.  The new location will be bigger in all aspects, from the kitchen to the dining room, with a nice outdoor patio, and will be full-service with a bar.  So enjoy the Tempe location while you can, and head on over to Mesa to enjoy their good eats when they move in February!
2	This is a small, quirky, family-run restaurant.   Maybe we went at a bad day, but they had real problems.Service was way slow and confusing.   Other reviewers say this, and this does not rate 2 stars.     We got an appetizer plate that came with two small crackers, I asked for a couple more crackers it took like 10 minutes no kidding.    Bottom line is that they are stretched thin and very disorganized.  A couple of the dishes were terrible.  We got a three kinds of baked casseroles (you have to order in advance).   One was some kind of tomato cream dish way too sweet and salty.  The other was some kind of potato fish bake, greasy, again way salty, and had bad fish smell.  Keep in mind that I like sardines, anchovies etc and that I like salty food.We had a large party and asked for a few extra plates, were told there was usually a 4 dollar "plate fee" to cover dish washing cost.  Huh?Atmosphere:  I usually don't care about atmosphere and I realize they had to rent a strip mall place, but too loud.   The eating area is small and has hard surfaces, and they had a boom box playing pop music.   Basically everyone had to talk louder, which echoed, which made everyone talk louder.    We did get a few good items and I wish them the best of luck.   My advice to owners:Simplify your menu, figure out popular dishes that you do well and cut out most of the rest, then try to organize your operation.   The biggest problem with small restaurants is sometimes trying to do too much.Secondly cut the boom box.   Don't copy the worst of chain restaurants by providing "free" music, at least until you get better acoustics.I don't own restaurant and if I did it would certainly fail, so take my advice for what it is worth.   This restaurant will be moving to new, larger location and if they don't prepare the problems could get much much worse.   Current staff and organization with bigger place would be disaster.Good luck, would like to come back.
4	The name alone just begs one to try it out. Once inside you are greeted by some of the nicest people who ever existed. The meals are ram a lama delicious and the location is not too far from a hookah bar. The Swedish meatballs are a must but everything on that menu wants to be devoured.  Great place, good food. I recommend taking friends. Because eating alone makes you feel off. Well, it makes me feel off.
4	Three words...REAL HOME COOKING! This is a small hole in the wall run by a family. Came here tonight based on their yelp reviews & am not let down:)!!If you don't have time to relax & wait for your food, don't come here just yet. They will be moving to a larger location in Feb 2013.
5	Great food and very nice and happy staff. Love to visit next time.
5	Holy delicious meatballs batman!!! This place is so damn good! After visiting Canada 5 years ago, I fell in love with poutine, nowhere in AZ was I able to find it... until now... GO HERE, EAT, BE HAPPY! Support local restaurants!
3	I really wanted to like this place, I really wanted to try this place! But, 3 times you are out!! I have attemeped to go to this place 3 times and they are always closed. I mean all 3 times I have driven all the way over there they are closed.Tonight was the 3rd and final time.I drove all the way over there Saturday Night 6:30pm. Closed!!Big Help wanted sign in the winddow, that has been up there for about 2 months, I always see it when I go over there to try to eat here.Why are they never open??Why on a Staurday Night are they not open??I give up!
4	I am not really familiar with Scandinavian cuisine but this was really good. I had the chicken schnitzel and tried the meat balls we ordered for our children and both were yum! Our kids devoured them before even touching the fries which is quite rare for them.  They also have an interesting assortment of sides with each meal.
4	Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.
4	This is my husband's favorite restaurant.  Everything is good, but what I truly appreciated was a homemade cheese dessert yumm.  Family owned restaurant and some of the nicest owners I have ever met.  They make you feel so welcome.  Totally unique place to eat in the valley.
5	Woooooo beavers choice!!! We havent even had the food yet but this place is totally awesome!!!
5	Great service, extremely nice owners, and most of all home made Swedish Meatballs.  I am so glad I found The Beaver Choice.
