5	Just like your neighborhood Chinese restaurant - only the food is incredible - and truly spiced.  Definitely worth a visit or for takeout - especially if you love some heat in your meal.
4	I lived in SzeChuan for half a year a decade ago and this is the first restaurant I've been to where my first taste of a dish transported me back there. Best Chinese I've had outside of China. If only it would get a liquor license, perhaps I could enjoy a glass of Jiu with my meal, as in SzeChuan. Makes me miss MaLaTang even more...
5	Great discovery on the area! If you like spicy food, you have to try this place!
4	Not a very original name, but very good food. Warm welcome. Small underground place, but tables are not cramped. Very extensive menu with a just a few not Szechuan/spicy options (won ton soup, general Tao, etc.)  nice if someone in your group can't handle spicy. The sweet and sour soup was thick and delicious. The vegetables were crunchy, tasty and spicy, a bit too salty to my taste. The beef was very tender, with complex and spicy flavors. Good efficient service. A few beers available. Very nice warming dinner on a cold January night.
5	I was jonesing for some real Chinese food and this place definitely hit the spot. The twice cooked pork and cucumbers in chili sauce was some of the best I have ever had, even in China.Will definitely drive the five hours to try more dishes.
4	I go there often.  I love this place.  The best Szechuan in Montreal.  No doubt.  If you like it spicy, that is the place to go.The Spicy Boil Fish is really really good.  I also enjoy the Spicy Cucumber Salad.
4	Food is good. Price is right.Location is good. They speak english well. The only this to watch for are the slippery floors.
5	I love their fish soup with vegetables (bean sprouts) - Menu number 110. only $13 and feeds 3 people.Very generous portion.The most tasty food in the world!!
5	This was the first restaurant I went to on my recent trip to Montreal.  I went there because I had been dying for hot pot, and boy did I get it!  IT was just about all I could ask for.  And it may seem strange to go to an Asia restaurant first thing in Montreal, but when you are jonesing for something real, authentic and good you just got to scratch the itch.It is small, and semi below street level but easy enough to find.  I just sat down, told the waitress that I heard you have great hot pot and that is what I wanted.  She said "are you sure, it is really hot"  And I just looked her in the eye and told her I'm an adventurous eater and I'm not scared of Szechuan food.  She suggested some of the cucumber salad as a side dish to help cool the heat, which sounded good.Shortly we got the salad and some beers.  The salad looks like it should be one fire, as the chunks (and I mean chunks) of cucumber were swimming in an oily spicy looking sauce.  but when you tasted it, there was a hint of mild chili, some garlic and then a bit of sweet that was very cooling.  Then the big hot pot showed up.  Brimming with good things.  The burner was turned on and we sat back to wait while it came to a boil.  You could see the Szechuan pepper corns amidst the meat, veggies, wood ear, tofu, bean sprouts and other goodies.  A large heaping pile of chilies was on top as well.  IT was hot, it was good, it was tingly.  This is one of the few times I've felt a full body endorphin rush from eating.  Three or four bits followed by the cucumber was perfect.  The meat was supper tender and yummy.   The tofu took on a great falvor from the hell broth.  The bean sprouts were one of the best things and I'm not a big bean sprout person.  I know why now people become addicted to this dish.  Watching what others around us were eating, a lot of things looked really good and I wish I was going to be able to get try more of what they have to offer but maybe next trip.  When we were paying the bill (very reasonable btw) the waitress asked us if we had anything like this back home, and I exclaimed "no nothing like it, no where even close to this good."  We'll be back.  That is for sure.  She also asked us where we had heard about it, being in an out of the way place by Concordia University and being there on vacation.  She didn't know they were on Yelp!  Go Yelpers in Montreal go there, check in and eat their hot pot.  YOu'll feel the tingle and become addicted.
4	The food ranks with the best in Boston and  NY.  With a little decor it could be a 5 star rating. While I've had better in China, this is whole lot closer. Chili wontons- greatFish in spicy broth- greatfried chicken w/ potato - excellent
1	I really did not like this resturant. I went in the summer and they did not have an A/C. Most of their food is spicy so you will sweat like a pig. The food was not tasty at all. I have been to a lot of chinese resturants and this one is certanliy the worst. The soup smelled like a raw chicken which was  so discusting. Sorry but thisbis the truth.
4	Wonderful, spicy, and cheap!When we go, we always get the stir fried green beans with shredded pork. I probably haven't been as adventurous as I should be, but we've enjoyed everything we've ever gotten, including the twice-cooked pork, the cumin beef, and beef stew. The wonton soup has a strong sesame flavor that makes it stand out from what you normally get at a Chinese place.
5	Let's talk about this restaurant and how it is the BEST and most authentic Szechuan food that I have come across outside of China, and trust me, I have been to A LOT of Chinese restaurants all over the world. I am never disappointed by this place. Sure, the service may be a little slow, and you have to point at things on the menu when ordering, but the food is the right amount of spicy, the right amount of hot (if it's supposed to be hot), and the perfect amount of cooked. Every time I go there, I have to put on a pair of Lululemons because I just know that I'll end up stuffing my face till I can no longer breathe, and even then, when I'm done and have eaten my own body weight, I'm always a little bit sad that I can't eat anymore.Don't know what to order? Get the Ma Po Tofu, the Kung Pao Chicken, and ask for some sort of fish in this hot pot thing- I'm not sure what they put in there, but I'm pretty sure it's the most delicious Chinese dish ever. Don't forget to ask for lots of rice. It's REALLY spicy. Like- really REALLY spicy.
2	Pretty authentic Szechuan cuisine, appealing looking, unfortunately extremely salty. Service needs improvement.
4	The food here was delicious!  I've got to say that if you're looking for ambience, you'd be better served looking elsewhere.  But if you're looking for great food, this is the place.We ordered peanut chicken, which was nearing please-bring-me-water-why-haven't-you-installed-a-hose-at-my-table-my-lips-are-burning spicy, and some garlic broccoli.  A weird combination, I know, but they ended up being complementary.  I think the best part for me was that the chicken wasn't sketchy.  A lot of times when you order a dish that's made with dark meat or a mix of dark and white, they just throw whatever gristle and weird textured stuff they can find at the bottom of the leftover-meat barrel.  That was not the case, and I really appreciate that.  And the leftovers were a serious kick in the ass for the enormous hangover I had the next morning.
3	Atmosphere, Service, Food - here we go.Atmosphere:  If you are coming to eat at Cuisine Szechuan, you are definitely coming for the food and not the ambiance.  In fact - there isn't anything that can resemble an ambiance at Cuisine Szechuan, it's simply a square dinning room filled with long tables and a mish-mash of chairs - reminiscent of an army mess hall or a very very small high school cafeteria.Service:  The service at Cuisine Szechuan, as many Chinese restaurants located in the Concordia / St. Catherine's street area west of Guy Street, is geared to simply bring you the food you ordered and then plenty of water at various intervals.  If you do not know what to order, or have any questions, don't expect much in the way of help.  It may be an issue of language (French or English) or motivation - but whatever it is, it does not bode well for those who like to ask for a little extra information.Food:  I'am by no means an expert on Szechuan cuisine, but my Chinese friends assure me that Cuisine Szechuan's food is what they would call Chinese.  Proof of this is that Cuisine Szechuan is often filled with Chinese people - there's no better recommendation than that!  There are several types of soups on the menu (jackpot!), along with an assortment of dishes made with rice, noodles, or protein (chicken and pork mainly).Careful it's Spicy!
4	Wow New Flavours. Flower Soup, Cucumber salad, Gung Bao Chicken. Good, Good, Good. Big dishes. Spicy. Excited to come back.
4	Totally like being in northern China! Westerns beware this is not Chinese American Szechuan! It's"s Hot, it's"s soupy and it's all oily. It's a perfect way to warm up here. Despite the other review, not to chew and eat the Szechuan flower peppercorns will leave you without the truly special experience! They taste of licorice, spice, citrus, and flowers and then make your tongue tingle and go numb. They totally are the crack in the pot!   I was totally flushed with color like I had been at the beach all day when I left ! Enjoyed dumplings in chili sauce and beef and tofu pot. Nothing like toting a fire in the belly for the long cold walk back to the hotel!
5	I am so pleased that I discovered yelp. Why you ask, well because I know for a fact that without it I probably would never have found this gem.Living on the Plateau and near china town I tend to not find my way downtown very often when looking for Chinese.  This place is not a location I would stumble on, but I can assure you that it will be a new destination place from now on.Here is how it went down, we walked in early at around 5 pm to check the place out and enquire about take out for later.  The place is in a half basement on a busy (rush hour) street, the decor is simple and there are only about 50 seats.When we walked in the place was empty (not surprising given it was early and the middle of a big snowfall day), I was met by 3 gentleman (let's say two cooks and one who I think was either the owner or manager), who said sure we do take out and handed us some menus.  They were very welcoming and told us to just call in our order.We did and here is what we ordered:Drop Tomato soup ,a nice fresh tomato broth, with eggs (nothing wrong with it but will try another as this was too bland for my palate)Szechuan Pepper Chicken and crispy spinach, really good fresh chicken, not oily,, good spice and flavor, spinach was good, had great crisp, a little sweet, and not greasy.Pork stomach with Szechuan sauce, I really loved the sauce and veggies, the stomach was tasty (first time trying it so what do I know), but I am not a fan of the texture, this is all on me, in fact the hubby loved it.Sweet and sour spare ribs, awwwwwwwww I hear angels so this was the moment for me, these are delish, I am sure they are slathered in Maple Syrup (which I am fairly certain is not authentic Szechuan), and OK so maybe this is one of those Caucasian things they did to please the locals! I don't care it was the best I have ever had, even if they did not have the Maple Syrup, the meat was perfectly cooked had a great texture, just yum so therebroccoli and garlic sauce, simple yet so many don't get it this good, either too cooked or not seasoned enough, here it was perfect.so in summary, I will be back, I will be bringing people here, I will be trying a lot more things on their menu, and I will have to work at befriending the employees and owners so I get the insiders tips on what to try next.BTW when we did pick up our meals the place was 3/4 full and I was the only Caucasian in there, and every dish coming out or already on the tables made me want to add to my order, which I should have as it is so cheap...but there's always next time...
5	I am so very happy to report, I returned again to try new dishes and I can once again say WOWthis time I tried the followingWonton ,one other yelper, mentioned it was better than the usual fair, and I agree it was very tasty and far more interestingGong Bao Chicken with peanuts -excellent again, a very nice heat to it, and again with the maple flavor, which to me was very tasty, the whole peanuts are a great way to add an interesting texture to each mouthfulTwice cooked pork ,this was just good for my taste, the pork was a little more fatty than I liked, but the sauce and veggies it came with were goodShrimp special of the day , I loved the flavor and the portion was huge for just 18$, the only down side for me is that this is head on unpeeled shrimps so it is a messy mess, and difficult to eat especially while trying to avoid the deadly mounds of peppers and heaven forbid you should touch your eyes for any reasonwe reordered the sweet and sour ribs....a new no brainer so goodthe veggie if the day -chinese broccoli, just as good as last timeNew tips: I asked if they use msg, and they said they could make our order without, the only dish we could not get without it was the sweet and sour soup, so be sure to mention any allergies you may have as they are very considerate of these needs and can help guide your selection, also they only take cash and debit no credit cardsHappy moment: being asked to take a seat while I wait for take out, having a waitress bring me some water while I wait, having the very nice waitress take the time to describe the dishes, and hearing the kitchen staff singing while they worked in the kitchen....aww to feel good moments of life, I'm sold on this place!!
4	Very pleasant service, good food, very good soup and beef and broccoli!  Rice was one clump though and I really like well cooked rice.  Will def come back!
4	Not much more to add here; excellent Food, ok prices, in a dumpy setting. I'll be back though, to try out more menu items. All in all way above the average Montreal Chinese Resto.
2	The rice was good. Everything else was less than stellar. We ordered the General Tao's chicken. It was decent, but it was too spicy for our taste buds. The service was terrible. The restaurant was crowded; they struggled to seat people, there were major delays in service, and they struggled to communicate with some monolingual French clients. I wasn't completely dissatisfied until it was time to pay the bill. I gave the server the exact amount on the bill and she shoved the bill in my face. "This only include tax, no tip include in bill, you didn't pay tip." It is incredibly rude to ask for a tip - one I was going to give her anyway. I ended up tipping her, but I encourage others to perhaps not go here anymore... or better yet, go but don't tip her.
5	This is it folks Spicy Szechuan at its best. Its been a while since I've been here last, but from what I can remember thei food portions were huge. So order wisely. I usualy get their szeuchuan noodles, rice, this other item that I cant really remember atm, and also on occasions some nice yummy cow stomach. Not gross, you dont really smell anything much and the meat is nice and tender. The flavors are incredible plus the prices decent so you can come really anytime. On the flavours itself the food is not at all oily from what Im used to and the staff is always accomodating to your tastes buds. As great on the eyes you even can smell the soulness and the quality never fails. They are mostly honest with their menus, so you can tell them about any of your allergies including MSG. They will patiently try to make the experience as less trouble free as possible. The staff is moderately friendly, and service really on time. This is great for a group of 4, for good interaction or even couples who want little time together enjoying over good food. I always leave with a big stomach so come with a good apetite. Enjoy!!!
4	Spicy! Spicy! Spicy! The service is friendly and the restaurant usually gets full at peak hours. They have a long list of choices, most are big portions that come at an inexpensive price. As an appetizer, the spicy green beans are perfect and very satisfying. It is definitely one of the restaurant's staple items! Their kung pao chicken is delicious, of course I hand-picked most of the chilis out of the dish as I literally thought I was going to pass out at one point, and even then the chicken had absorbed more than enough spice... but apart from the spicy punch, I loved it. And I'll still give it a great rating, because that's true szechuan for you! Get ready to sweat.Good tip: Order a beer, it helps wash down the spiciness and it's more successful than water!
5	Listen, I don't even know what I ate here, but I can tell you that I dream about it!...Well, that 's not entirely true. I do remember that we ordered the Fried Cumin Chicken (or was it Cumin Fried Chicken?Fried chicken w/Cumin???). Anyway the name doesn't matter! It was succulent, hot pieces of crispy fried chicken buried under a blanket of cumin. And we got an eggplant dish, something to the tune of Xiang Dong Eggplant (it was a long a** name. I don't know it. I'm sorry. I saw chinese eggplant and I was like "Yes please!")And I had a plan. I was only going to have one maybe two pieces of the chicken and try to load up on veggies. I mean a girl does have to watch her figure and I couldn't hit the clubs later feeling greasy fingered and fat! No way! Well, the chefs at Cuisine Szechuan blew my plan out of the water because after one bite of that food, a sinking feeling came over me. I remember looking at the heaping dishes in front of me and half-thinking/calmly emoting "F*** a plan." My chopsticks had a mind of their own and they just kept pulling glorious morsels of eggplant and chicken into my rice bowl. Even my friend who is a picky eater and doesn't eat a lot of Asian cuisine couldn't stop eating! Well, needless to say we wrecked havoc on that food and stuffed ourselves good and proper. The food is amazing! I would absolutely come here again and it's not that far from the clubs on Rue Crescent (Crescent Street for you anglophones). Okay it's probably a ten minute walk, but you need to circulate your blood and wake up from the food coma before you start drinking yourselves silly.
4	spicy fish with soybean sprouts. When you're looking through any kind of menu, if there's a little illustration of a chili pepper next to the dish, more times than none, this is code for 'this dish is spicy'. However, when you see three chili peppers, it's usually a good indication that the dish will probably make you sweat in places you didn't know you had glands, like here at Cuisine Szechuan. Don't be shy and drink the soup... you NEED to.
4	The food is simply great, been here numerous times, never been disappointed. Fabulous spiced green beans, eggplant, chicken & beef dishes... can't remember all the names. The cleanliness of the place is another matter.... the walls are dirty and speckled with food the previous patrons left behind. A good scrub -down would NOT hurt. The bathroom, ALWAYS has a pool of water near the toilet . PLEASE have the toilet/plumbing fixed! Service is prompt if perfunctory.The atmosphere is  lively and always busy, you might not feel very comfortable just sitting and relaxing after you've eaten because new patrons keep arriving and need to be seated.
5	This place ruined all other Chinese restaurants for me. Seriously. I've eaten everything here that I can pronounce and even a couple things I can't. The absolute MUST from this place is the tofu flower with spicy Szechuan sauce. It comes with pork or chicken in a broth of dried, fried whole chilies. It is smaller than it used to be, but still quite a lot of food. Worth every bit of pain you will feel the next day. In fact, you'll probably grow to like it. I recommend you ask for a dish of steamed broccoli (not on menu) to incorporate with the dish. Other homeruns include the seafood sizzling rice, cumin beef, Szechuan peppercorn anything, green beans and pork and the shallot beef. All so very, very good. Remember, though, when they say cumin (or any other spice/flavor), they really, really mean it. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: Risky at best. 3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I eat here regularly if financially and calorically feasible.5 Star: I'm comfortable taking other chefs here.
2	The flavors were good, the service was freindly and the place was extremely clean compared to US Szechuan places.  I was expecting tears-and-snot-spicy, but the tofu flower chicken was "white person" spicy, (not at all spicy by equatorial standards).  My main complaint was the chicken....it looked like chicken, had the texture of (tough) chicken, but had that gamey 'thrice cooked' chicken taste that mad it completely inedible.
4	There you go, the best Sichuanese restaurant in Montreal, period.Everything tastes so great. Food is not that spicy, but just enough to stimulate your pallets and make everything work together.Some dishes looked weird and do not exist in Chinese cuisine, such as the "spicy boiling chicken", I think they are just changing the protein while keeping the same sauce used from "spicy boiling beef" ().The only dish I'm going to complain is the spicy chicken that was the cold dish. The chicken was really dry and the texture was slightly hard, kind of overcooked, but the taste was alright.The portions were huge, but the dishes were still well done and prepared with hearts. Each dish costs approximately 7~10$, and food came to the table really fast.The waiters were very friendly and the service was efficient, though sometimes they may ignore you because the place seems to be very, very busy during dinnertime.The hygiene is probably the only reason why this place is a 4-stars for me. The table were not very clean, and the walls are slightly dirty. Also, there is no A/C so take that in mind while eating spicy and hot dishes during summer.Also, they do not accept credit cards, so make sure you have debit or cash with you!
2	My theory that there are only 3 places (California, New York, Boston) in the Western Hemisphere to get good Chinese food is holding up.Everything was SOO salty!  The chili "chicken" was delicious, but the tiny chunks of "chicken" were about 80% bone.  Please rename this dish to chili chickenbone.  The seafood soup was fairly bland but they were generous with the shrimp and fish.  It's what we needed on a freezing cold, snowy night.  I just wish they gave us some soy sauce or something to jazz it up.
4	We ordered 4 dishes. 3 spicy, 1 dish for reprieve (thank god!),Our spicy dishes were: "water boiled fish". It was a recommended dish from our waiter. As well as the "hui guo ro" . A tad spicy and not as spicy. They were unfortunately without the Szechuan style . And to hit it off for the spicy team - the lamb pot. For the non-spicy dish, we ordered the seafood crispy rice dish.The  was a tad spicy, not killer. Although a tad on the spicy side so definitely needed some rice as compliment. Then came our . The portion was huge and it was spicy. Luckily, this is the good spicy where you can still taste the ingredients such as the nicely cooked fish. As we ate away enjoying our first 2 dishes, the waiter brought our third. lamb boiled in chili pepper soup. Plus they put in on a mini stove to keep it piping hot. This was spicy! But definitely a treat. So for those who love spicy and aren't afraid of chili peppers. Try it!Also, service was good. Tea came regularly and the ice cold water saved me a couple of times.
2	I have tried the majority of chinese restaurants in Montreal, and as a taiwanese born, i have to say that my family of 6 did not enjoy the food here for it being overly heavy on salt and spices. We ordered water boiled fish, cumin beef, pickled vegetable chicken, seaweed, garlic pork and EVERYTHING was way too spicy despite asking for mild spices. The service is acceptable as in most chinese places, but poor by caucasian standard. Needless to say i will not be going back.
4	It can be a little salty sometimes but overall it is my favourite Chinese place in the city.  I am a big fan of the cumin beef and that is what I usually get.  The hot and sour soup is also really good!  Most of the food here is very spicy as lots of the dishes come loaded with chili peppers so if you have a low spice tolerance this is not the place to go.  Also note that the place is cash only too.
4	Great value. Had the chef's special fish (I believe that it was called Gong Bao, different than Kung Pao ). Spicy, as you would expect yet still great flavor.Huge portions. Not fancy by any means by still very good food at a very reasonable price.
2	So driving down Guy street I noticed this Szechuan restaurant and had to try it.  Ordered the Beef soup, fried beans, noodles and dumplings.I must warn that I spend 3 months a year in china and that most people rating this place has probably not been to china.I know Szechuan food and this was far from the real thing. The one which came close was the beef soup. Not spicy and only a small hint of peppercorn, 4 star for this.Fried beens was not even close to the real thing but for montreal a 3 star!!!Noodles were like plain noodles. OK if I ordered them but I ordered the Szechuan noodles which should have peppercorns coming threw my nose. None here!!! 3 star for that and that was high!!Finally the dumplings!!! GROSS!!! WTF they serve frozen dumplings which you buy at the grocery stare!!! Big shit they give you 18 of them. Its $6.99 for a complete bag at the corner store and even fast better at the house. 1 star for this crap!!Over all very disappointing. KanBai in chinatown is much better. Oh the canada dry ginger ale was pretty good. 5 star for that!!!
5	Their cumin chicken is awesome! Such a nice place with great food and good service:-)
5	I've been there several times right before they close. They always welcome us even though it was closing time. The service was fast and the food was mouth numbing good.The spice is what makes this restaurant so good. It's not spicy spicy but flavorful spicy. Expect to sweat because 90% of their dishes are super spicy (and good).The price is always right. We go in group and share everything, and it comes to 10-12$ per person.
4	I absolutely looove spicy food!I used to live in an apartment building next door to this restaurant and I used to walk past it everyday. Tonight was the first time I ever went and I was definitely not disappointed! They were very welcoming and told us we could sit wherever we wanted to. We ordered dumplings and a spicy beef and tofu stew. The portions were huge and tasted amazing!I was a little disappointed with the dumplings though, because they were the exact ones I buy for my fiance at home, but overall the pricing and the food were reasonable, came to our table quickly, and filled our happy bellies.At one point the owner came up to us to ask us to pay because he had to close the machine, but he told us we could take as much time as we wanted and that we didn't have to rush whatsoever. I found that very nice of him.We also asked if it was possible to take the rest of our stew home (which was a very fussy dish) and he managed to figure out a way to wrap it up for us, and was really polite the whole night.I will definitely go back! So welcoming, and very good stews.
5	So yummy! We've now eaten here and ordered take-out 5 or 6 times, when the craving hits we have to have it! The crispy eggplant and crispy beef are now officially on the menu but they became our regular order long before that happened, I can't describe how tasty it is, you must try it! The "manager" is the sweetest man alive, he is always trying to make us try dishes "on the house". We also recently tried the chili dumplings - they were incredible and have officially been added to our standard order. The only thing we've found is that it's better when you eat there because the takeout gets a bit soggy and melts the styrofoam containers (because they cook it hot and fresh and put it straight in), so try eating there for your first time.
5	One of my favorite chinese restaurants by far. Their chicken peanuts is to die for .. It's not as spicy as it looks like with all the dried red peppers .. Have if with white rice and ur golden. It's a nice place to go to with big hungry groups as they have hot big platters for sharing that comes on a hot plate ..
2	Went here based on previous reviews and failed to pay attention to the dates of those reviews. Sad to say did not find the food good at all. And, even worse, no beer! Asked for spicy ginger beef with shallots, got tired looking beef something with onions (big, soggy ones). Salt and pepper shrimp were soaked in some kind of chilli sauce, no salt detected. Even the rice was bad. Don't take credit cards. Disappointing.
3	Tried once, too spicy for me :( alright it's my problem
2	I don't think material is fresh enough
4	I love szechuan food. This place is very good for that. I can't quite remember what I had ordered because I only read the chinese name for it. I believe it was preserved pork with vegetables and rice. IT was pretty salty - but you're suppose to combine the flavors with the side dishes (rice and vegetables). Overall, it's flavors are indeed: authentic. I wished I had ordered something more spicy - but my friend had a sore throat. Next time for sure though! I only come during the winter though - because eating here gives me that cozy feeling of being surrounded in spicy aroma (if that makes sense). You don't need to wait for long either. Customer service is decent - but I didn't expect something extremely fancy or anything considering the decor.
4	The best szechuan fine cuisine ever in my life. The place is very cozy and you feel at home. Waitress friendly helped me choose the dishes, was so full of spices towards the end...totally recommend this place!
1	Service was pretty good nothing spectacular but the server was nice.Hovever, this place had possibly one of the worst chinese food I've been to.Hot n sour soup tasted like vinegar... I have had a lot of hot n sour soup in my life but never tasted anything like this...String beens were too grown didn't have the right texture nor was is spiced right.Kung pao shrimp had a pretty good sauce but the shrimps were most likely frozen nd old.Mao po tofu was okMaybe Americanized chinese menus are ok... but the morr authentic menus were pretty bad...I've eaten a lot of Chinese food around the world and this might be one of the memorable ones in terms of bad taste.The Kung Pao shrimp and string beens could have been better with better ingredients, but that hot n sour was a big no no
5	Nothing Bad against.The quality and the quantity are simply great.
2	Food is just okay. Ordered tofu with shredded beef. Beef is just too thick and not tender enough to chow. Spicy broth is just so so.
1	They made mistakes on every part of our order and when we called, they denied it was their fault and would only bring the right food if we paid 20$ minimum for an order.  They are not reputable.  Suggest you stay away.  Side note, what they brought had no taste... Hope they go out of business - it's embarassing to Montreal.
