5	I've heard that Pizza Sola is a chain, but I've never been to another one. The stigma of chains aside, what a great neighborhood pizza shop.  The decor is very nice, with lots of stainless steel tables and a nice seating area to eat-in.  They have all the basic types of pizza, as well as some of the more unique (Hawaiin pizza is great), but overall this is just a good NY-style thinner-crust pizza shop.  What I love is that they're helping to populate the S. Highland - Penn Circle intersection along with Red Room.
3	After you order a slice give it about 10 minutes to cool off.  Otherwise, you will scorch your tastebuds and the roof of your mouth.  Pretty good pizza.  Not the best I have had.  Very limited seating.
5	This is a local chain, slowly expanding.  Right now, I think they have two locations, of which I've only been to the one in East Liberty.  This is some of the best pizza I've had in my entire life.  The thin crust is perfect, the toppings are perfect, and the staff is friendly as well.  The pepperoni is delicious, as is the greek pizza and the vegetarian.  This place is outstanding.  Ignore the fact that this place feels upscale by it's decor, and enjoy the pie.
5	I would agree that this is some of the best new york style pizza I have ever had.  Each slice is perfectly sized, not too heavy or greasy but they don't skimp on the toppings, either.  The crust is exactly what I aspire to when I do pizza at the house.  Very reasonably priced.
3	Pizza Sola's East End location is the new outpost of the south side pizza place of the same name.  The pies and slices are big, but you are still paying a pretty penny for them.  The toppings are sometimes light but overall it's a good pizza.Be warned the pizza is always hot - watch out.
5	After a long night, we were super excited to learn that this place is open until 3 on weekends - Village Pizza in Shadyside used to be my standby for those hours, but that place gets so unbelievably hectic and cramped at night.  There was a great selection of several pies ready to go.  I had the white with tomato and spinach and it was transcendantly garlicky.  Slices are big and "pricey" for Pittsburgh, maybe, at $3.75-$4.25, but you will probably be satisfied by one, or two if you're starving.
5	I love Pizza Sola.  Enough said.
2	I don't understand the hype about this place. The pizza is mediocre and WAY, WAY, WAY overpriced.  Once a group of my friends and I got a pizza from Pizza Perfecta and a pizza from Pizza Sola (East Liberty location). The Sola pizza was about $5 more expensive, much greasier, and not nearly as flavorful as Perfecta. I see no reason to ever visit Pizza Sola again, as there is a better (and cheaper) pizza place near every location of theirs.
4	Great pizza!  I had pepperoni and pepperoncini, which is my favorite pizza ever.It's wood-fired, the sauce is good, the cheese is good...it's the closest thing in the 'burgh to my beloved Pitch in Omaha. :)I actually found this place by following the scent of awesomeness down the street until someone inside opened the door.  I wasn't even that hungry but...it smelled so awesome!  And it was.  Awesome, that is.
4	Excellent New York style pizza. We stopped here after reading the Yelp reviews following our visit to the Pittsburgh Zoo. The neighborhood isn't the nicest, but the pizza was great. There's a fairly large area where you can sit after ordering your pizza at the counter. It was also clean and the staff friendly.
3	Since moving to pittsburgh from the east coast I've found most of the pizza in this town to be... unpleasant. The doughy underdone crust, the too-sweet sauce and the provolone-heavy cheese mix the locals here seem to prefer make for a fairly nasty pizza -- a pizza, however, that most yinzers will defend to the death.Pizza Sola is not terribly awesome, but if you're used to a certain kind of pizza -- thinner, crispier crust, a cleaner, milkier mozzerella taste to your cheese, a drier, spicier tomato sauce -- then this might tide you over. Do not go in expecting "OMG AMAZING NYC STYLE PIZZA!" You will surely be disappointed. Rather, if you set your expectation meter to "decent go-to neighborhood pizza that isn't a stinky provelone-and-cornsyrup dough-fest" then there is a chance you will be satisfied.
5	I love N.Y. style pizza.  Could eat it every day.  On a recent to trip to Pittsburgh I tried alot of pizza and this was my 2nd fave.  One thing about Pitt pizza... it is slightly different than true NYC style:  the crust is not as thin and there's a whole lot more cheese.  As a rule Pitt pizza also has a slightly sweeter tomato sauce.  The sum of its parts is still a delicious close cousin to NYC pizza.The pizza I tried in Pitt in my order of favorites:Fiori'sPizza Sola (Penn Circle Branch)Pizza PerfectaAiello's (Murray Street)Beto'sSave for Beto's, I thought they were all delicious.  Wish I had a chance to try Mineo's.  A Pittsburgh native friend of mine calls this his favorite but they were closed July 5th when I went by their place on Murray... I'll try them next time I'm in the 'burgh.Pizza Sola had my favorite crust of all the places I tried in Pittsburgh.  If you like your crust to have a little more crunchy char then this is your place.  This pizza is more new school then old school as reflected in their choice of toppings and the decor.  They are open late.
4	Always good.   Love the Greco.
4	The best NY Style pizza I have had in Pittsburgh. Large slices cooked throughout the day. Slices with toppings are generous, and plain slices have just the right amount of cheese. Open late, too.
4	This is some of the best pizza in Pittsburgh, especially for late night. The East Liberty location has a nice layout and lot of places to sit. A whole pizza can be a bit pricey, but the quality is excellent
2	This place is located near my apartment so I was excited to try it.  We had a pizza with white sauce and being the little fat kids we are, we also ordered slices of their apple walnut dessert pizza.The pizza was good! Not the best pizza I've had in Pittsburgh, luckily that place is a bit of a trip or else I would be the size of a house!It was nice and thing crust and it has a little bit of a chew to it.  Which is normally a nice thing, but not in their desserts.  For one it was covered in carmel and had very little apples on it.  The crust was so chewy that it actually hurt my jaw to chew it.  It wasn't as good as I pictured in my head.Their pizza is good, I'm still trying some more on S. Highland, I'm not going to go rush back here anytime soon, but it is nice to know its there.
4	Before I begin, I should mention that I am a bit of a pizza snob.  But this is only because I have had the good fortune of eating pizza throughout the world and have been fortunate enough to have had some superb examples of the best varieties.That said, Pizza Sola makes a very good pizza.  However, those coming here expecting a true NY style pizza will be disappointed. Because Sola, like all the most successful pizzaries in the Burgh, sells a Pittsburgh-style pie.  That typically means a slightly sweeter sauce, a slightly (or very) chewy crust, and more cheese than you expected.That said, Sola does Pittsburgh pizza right.  Better, in fact, than most of the famous Pittsburgh pizza institutions.  Yes, the sauce is on the sweet side, but it is tomato sweet as opposed to sugary sweet.  And yes the crust is a a bit chewy, but it also has enough crispness to be able to lay claim to a NY style crust.  What it lacks here is the semolina flour (or cornmeal) crunch you get in most true NY style pizzarias.Then there is the cheese, which Sola piles on, but at least not so much that it becomes the only dominant flavor.  Next time, I might ask them to throttle back a bit on the cheese, and perhaps add a bit more sauce.  But overall, this was easily one of the best thin crust pies I've had in greater Pittsburgh in a while.  Props to Sola for making a mighty fine Pittsburgh pie.One more thing -- Cheerwine ... for $1.50 a bottle.  Huge props and an extra half star for this fine treat alone.  Let's call it 4.5 stars overall.
3	This is ok pizza. It's pizza that has been sitting there, possibly for hours, that they stick into the oven for youThe prices are confusing--it depends on the number of toppings on the pizza you get.  The size of your slice can also vary depending on how they cut it.    There is a good selection of ginger bear.  The ambience is okay--more of a place to grab a quick bite.  It's usually been fairly empty when I've been here.  The televisions are distracting in the background, and I will turn the volume down if no one is watching.   One of the guys that works here has a little attitude some times: for example, he'll get upset if you change your mind.
5	Best Pizza In Pittsburgh.I've had really good pizza from table-cloth restaurants, family-owned greek eat-ins, and dives hidden from view; but, nothing has compared to the constant quality and taste of Pizza Sola.  The crust is crisp on the bottom and never doughy near the sauce.  The ingredient list is great, includes fried eggplant - a favorite of mine.  And the sauces are house-made and not overwhelmingly flavored with onion or garlic.  The people who work there are generally nice and the restaurant is clean (and generally empty = a good thing?).  And I think they do delivery through Wheel Deliver.
3	Great, huge New York slices are to be had at Pizza Sola and the toppings are interesting enough to set them apart from other shops.One slice could be considered two normal slices so bring your appetite. My only complaint is that their pizza is a bit on the pricy side. Everything about it was fresh, however.Their baked chicken wings were to die for. I usually only get chicken wings that are deep fried, giving them that familiar crispiness. However, Pizza Sola roasts theirs in their insanely hot pizza oven, giving them a nice charred skin that is packed full of flavor. My girlfriend and I both remarked that these roasted, blackened wings were actually better than most fried wings we've had in Pittsburgh.Prices aside, Pizza Sola knows how to make a pie. They also get kudos for having a comfortable seating area inside, something most pizza shops of their calibre don't have the space to do.
2	My massage therapist raved about Pizza Sola so the BF and I decided to stop here. I wanted to try the margarita. The sauce was so thick and bright bright red but the mozzarella splotches were pretty bare bones. More cheese please! The taste of tomato sauce took over the whole pizza. The crust was pretty average so overall, eh.I love me some za so I'll probably be back to try with different toppings. There are still the Pizza places to judge from "The Best Of" on WPXI. I think us yelpers will be the true judges.
3	We stopped in Pizza Sola a for a quick bite to eat after a show this weekend. It's a standard looking pizza shop, nothing fancy. Some TVs in the back playing sports.The pizza slices were huge! Practically bigger than NYC style slices. Normally I can do two regular sized slices but one was quite enough. There's nothing like a fresh slice of za right out of the oven. The crust wasn't really crispy but it had a nice bite to it. The toppings were good and there wasn't too much cheese on the pizza. Good place to drop in after a night out in east liberty.
5	Hands down so far the best cheap eats pizza I have had in Pittsburgh. Big slices and the ones I have had (usually with garlic) have been loaded with lots of flavor. One is more than enough for me. Not particularly greasy like you would think for a pizza join and just oh so tasty. The crust is crisp and I like how after you make your pizza selection they warm it up in the oven. I haven't had anything else on their menu except for side salads with balsamic dressing (weird consistency initially though fine after mixing around) though I am very tempted to try their wings. Another perk is that they are opened late.
4	I am NOT a pizza expert by any means! All I know is that when I walk out of Shadow Lounge needing a quick pick me up, I look to my right & there gleaming like a Knight & Shinning Armour is PIZZA SOLA!!!I am a simple pizza girl. I have tried their fancy shamancy pizzas & they are good, but at 3 am.....I want cheese & pepperoni!  I love the big slices. The crust is just right not too hard or too soft with a hint of sweetness. Very reasonably priced & LOVE the patient guys behind the counter. Great service!
4	I've had pizza from the East Side (in Shadyside/East Liberty/Friendship) and the South Side locations and enjoyed all the slices I've eaten. Recently, I bought two pies for a meeting and people raved about how delicious it was.  In a town full of old-school pizza shops, Pizza Sola makes its mark by having a really fresh look and a menu full of new takes on old classics. In short, a delightful place to grab lunch or dinner!
2	Been to this location 3+ times, always underwhelmed. I like the geographic location and its hours. Slices are big, crust OK+, and OK toppings. Here's what we hate: They always have two or three dry, withered pies that look like they should have been thrown into the trash hours ago, right up front (Who's going to buy that!?). "Hey, look at all those gross ones" is NOT the first thing I want to spring to mind as I saddle up to the plexiglass and pick out a slice. They make pineapple, pepperoni pizza? Who thinks that's a good idea? Particularly when they list capicola as an available topping, which is a kind of HAM. Also, the dudes making pies (at least at this location) look like they work at gun point; they never smile or make eye contact--they don't look like they're even beginning to enjoy what they're doing. A "great attitude" is not something I would normally expect from dudes at a pizza joint, but these dudes work in an OPEN kitchen. And open kitchens DO seem to necessitate some social interaction with the customer. If, for example, the counter-dude is in the back, and a sudden swarm of customers buzz in, I've twice seen pizza-dude ignore the customers in favor of waiting on counter-dude to notice and return. That's horrible customer service.At any rate, this is an OK spot to get an OK slice, or even to get a pie to go if you're drunk or starving, or if you're in a bind (you just moved). But I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Pizza Sola, at least not at this location.
4	Pizza Sola offers tasty and innovative pizza by the slice, in a clean and modern looking environment.  The slices are huge, but thin (one is enough for me for a meal).  I've gotten the Greco twice, which is white pizza with tomatoes, spinach, feta, and some wonderful herbs and garlic.  The crust is cracker-crispy, and they warm up your slice after you order it so it's always served at the perfect temperature.  I think it maybe runs you $3-4 bucks per slice.  It can be a teeny bit greasy, but I haven't minded so far.  By and large, it tastes fresh and is surprisingly not-heavy in your stomach.  It's very close to my work, lucky me, so I'm sure I'll be back now and then when I'm too lazy to make my own lunch.  It's very popular with my coworkers, some of whom have tried almost every slice on the menu!
4	Delicious NY-style pizza. It is a grab a slice kinda joint. Fold, bit and go.
2	Really was not impressed with this place and won't be coming back.  I ordered a slice of cheese pizza.  It was completely burnt on the bottom and horrible tasting.  Took it back.  They didn't have any more cheese, so I had pepperoni instead. Thankfully it was not burnt.  However, it was only OK in the flavor department.  The crust wasn't as crispy as I thought it could be and it just wasn't the best NY style pizza I've had in the Pittsburgh area.  Ferrari's in North Huntingdon is still the best pizza by the slice and New York style pizza I've had around here.
2	Never really have been to impressed with this place.  I haven't really felt compelled to write a review for this place until last night when we paid $30 for a barely cooked pizza that we couldn't even finish.  There's plenty of great places to get pizza in Pittsburgh.  This is good for drunk denizens of Shadyside and dopey Duquesne frat boys from the Southside.  If you're going to spend this kind of money for good pizza, make the trip to Squirrel Hill.
5	I have something really horrible to admit, my hubs likes Domino's pizza and I've gotten used to sub par, mass produced cardboard.  So enter in Pizza Sola.  A mecca of fresh, hand made pizza in a variety of different choices.What shall I choose from?  Buffalo chicken, tomato/feta/spinach, margarita, pepperoni and banana pepper.  Good Lord there's a lot of choices!  I went with the margarita and tomato/feta/spinach.  I love how even though it may have been made a little earlier (okay, I hope a little early:/) they put it back in the oven to heat it up.  I recently went to a pizza place in Vegas that was rated pretty highly and the pizza was sitting out and kinda blah when they served it to you.  I was a HUGE fan of the margarita pizza.  Let me preface this by saying I LOVE SAUCE, and LOTS of it!  This pizza was loaded with sauce and mozz cheese.  I was in heaven!  Even though it was NY style thin crust, the dough was a little softer than I'm used to seeing on NY style and I also like that too.  This was the winner for me!The tomato/feta/spinach was a close runner up.  It was loaded with all the ingredients, which is a huge plus.  You don't want to end up with a slice of all cheese and a spec of the sides when you order a slice with toppings on it.  Throw in fast and friendly service and a clean restaurant and I'm a fan!  I don't know if I can ever eat Domino's again... (maybe in a jam, let's not lie:)
2	Looking for a late night snack...actual dinner, too.Large place with a few tables and pizza by the slice.Not to many pizza by the slices were available.  Was talking with the staff about the pizza slices available.  Staff was very friendly...but not so informative...more later.  Ordered the pepperoni and sausage.   Forgot to ask if it is the sweet sausage or hotter...unfortunately it was really sweet...not the crappppy crumbled crap many Burg places use but this was a very sweet tasting almost like tasting perfume.  What a mistake. Took off the sausage but it still had the flavors...Oh Well, better ask next time. The crust seemed to be pretty good. Just as I took my first bite a delicious looking white pizza came out of the oven.  Now why oh why didn't they tell me that?????
5	I'm from New Jersey and I worked in an Italian/pizza restaurant for years. I know pizza. Not to sound like a fatty, but I've been in Pittsburgh for 8 years on a mission for people to understand that your average pizza here is just all wrong (don't get me started on the bagels). Pizza sola is the best pizza in town...aside from the wood burning oven pizza at piccolo forno, but that's different. I'm appalled by the bad reviews, really. I understand sometimes the dudes working there look...tired? maybe that's the word? But I'm not aware of any other places where you can get slices displayed in cases, just like home. The crust could be a little thinner, and they could probably have more options available on average, but it's great. Also they use better ingredients. Lastly, their housemade blue cheese for the salads is like....the greatest. Okay, done talking like a fatty. Go here for your hangover cure or anytime you won't feel guilty eating the giant fatty slices.The cranberry location needs a little work but is still good. I think southside is still best. And it's nice that there's beer at the oakland one.
3	I got a slice of the spinach, tomato, and feta pizza.  It was ok, the crust wasn't as crispy as I would've liked, but maybe it was a function of not being in the oven for long enough when they re-heated it.  Who knows?!  But the ingredients tasted good, the slice was huge!  Decent place to stop by for a quick bite to eat, but I prefer many other places for pizza such as Il Pizzialo, Dinette, and Wingharts.  And I feel like for $4.00/slice it's a bit pricey when for $6.00 more I could get an amazing personal sized pizza from Wingharts.
4	Among the dozens of pizza parlors in Pittsburgh that churn out mediocre product, Pizza Sola stands out.  It isn't the absolute best pizza I have ever had.  It is, however, consistent, good, and uses quality ingredients.  Also the crust isn't the ubiquitous thickness of  mid western style pizza.  After four different visits to Sola I doubt that I will go to any other pizza place in Pittsburgh.  My favorite is the margarita:  fresh cheese, good helpings of sauce, not too much salt, and nice fresh basil.  Additional pluses:  craft sodas, fast service, and friendly staff.
4	Pretty good pizza. The sauce is very good and the pepperoni's are too. My only knock is that it is a little too sloppy. We couldn't even fold ours like traditional ny pizza. Got an eggplant Parmesan calzone which was nothing to write home about. All in all, the pizza is pretty solid though!
3	I'm batting 50/50 here on taste.  Unfortunately the price doesn't justify rolling the dice with the same odds of flipping a coin.
5	Yum!Yesterday was my first time at Pizza Sola and I am definitely a fan.  I was in the hankering for a quick lunch after being destroyed on the tennis courts, so anything in the carb & cheese department would have been a-ok on my book.  Enter Pizza Sola.This particular location is newer and you can tell by how nice everything looks.  Good presentation of the existing pizza pies and the employees were courteous and quick to take one's order.  Pricing was also good, two slices of pizza and two bottles pops were under ten dollars!Taste was great.  The cheese was good, the crust was crispy enough to my liking and the sauce was specially savory.  What honestly made the difference between 4 and 5 stars was the service.  The night before they had pretty much sold out of bottle pops so they had just recently restocked the cooler, the gentleman working the front gave us ice cups to go with our drinks which was both considerate and excellent customer service.I will definitely keep Pizza Sola in mind anytime I'm in the area!
1	Picked up a Pizza tonight and it was terrible. They told me it would be ready in 20 minutes so I made sure to be there at that time.  The box seemed warm but not hot.  I didn't really think about it though until after I tasted it.  For almost $18 this should of at least been hot. The crust was chewy not crisp at all.  Not worth it.
1	The most disguisting crap Ive ever eaten! Gross greasy cheese, low quality crust, and virtually no sauce. Not to mention a complete rip off. Asked for extra SAUCE and they charged $2.75 without telling me and gave me extra CHEESE! I almost threw up and only ate it because I havent eaten in over 10 hours.
3	There are so many good pizza places popping up around here! Pizza Sola is a good option when you are looking for a quick slice, and service is decent. It used to be my favorite, and I still come here often, but it is no longer my go-to pizza place. When they first open for the day, the slices are nice and fresh, but you can tell when they've been there for a while. They do have some great combinations though that you don't find at the other places, and a better selection of white pizzas.
3	I've eatenPizza Sola before, and the one on the south side seems to have a well rounded staff who know what they are doing.east end on the other hand, are a little clueless on how this "ordering pizza" thing works.I sympathize for those who are new at something and maybe its their first time. . .but the entire Sunday staff doesn't seem to know how to get it together.We called in a simple order of two pizzas and an order of 12 wings.They gave us a total of 67 dollars. we didn't seem to think it was right and when WE called back to ask them to break it down for us, the girl said she was 20 dollars off. Yeah, i guess so.They said 20 minutes. we arrive 30 minutes after calling and the pizza had just come out and we were only waiting on the wings. the boy who was making the pizzas seemed a little "out of it". Asking us what we were waiting for and what our order was after telling him. We ordered margherita pizza and came home to find a pizza with all sauce and three small pieces of mozzarella--keep in mind the pizza wasn't cheap, so you expect a decent pizza with rightful toppings. Again, the pizza is always good and good quality...i guess i just don't understand who hires these people.
2	Nice friendly service but the quality is lacking.  I am a native Pittsburgher and there are too many good pizza places with better quality at better prices than Pizza Sola.  The crust tasted like cardboard to me.  It did not have the right ratio of cheese to sauce either and the prices are exhorbitant.  You can tell this is a chain type of pizza place and not as good as an independent pizzeria.  I like NY style pizza the best but I was sadly dissappointed with my experience at Pizza Sola.  Gateway Grill still does it for me.
4	Pizza Sola to the rescue! I work down the street from the one on Highland and Center and am here more often than I probably realize. Their pizza is thin, large, greasy and all the other things I look for in a great slice. They also have tasty craft sodas, which pair nicely with whatever slice you're noming on. What's that? Pizza and soda pairings isn't a thing? Oh well, it's just good to know they've got the good stuff.I've also won the day every time I bring Pizza Sola back to the office. My volunteers now ask me if I'm going to get it when we have a big project to tackle. Our office is just as close to the pizza places that battle it out on Murray Avenue in Squirrel Hill, but my people keep asking for Pizza Sola.
4	Come here great pizza.. Hand made..
2	As I embarked on my personal Pizza-lympics 2013, I came into it fully expecting Pizza Sola to at least medal. Granted, it had been a while since I'd come here, but I had fond memories. (Mostly of the drunkenly-munching-on-slices-at-Kelly's-around-midnight variety.) But sadly, I can't give today's experience a good review.Don't get me wrong -- P.S. gets the concept of that quintessential pizza-by-the-slice joint just right; heat-lamped pies warmed in the oven, then served by a borderline surly dude. I'm all about it. But I have to say, the two plain slices I got seriously underwhelmed me. Now, they put the right amount of cheese on the sucker -- which is to say, lots of it -- but the sauce must have been put on with an eye dropper, because I could barely even sense the suggestion of sauce. Instead, I got cheese and over-cooked dough. I hesitate to describe the bottom of my slices as "black," because as a former waiter I know customers always complain that food is blackened if it's even a touch more done than they want. But for real, the bottoms of my slices were the second-blackest thing I'd seen all day. (The first was an old clip from the Comedy Central Roast of Flavor Flav that I'd happened upon in the morning.)The thing that made me saddest, though, was the crust. Pizza Sola (and its South Side forefather, Vesuvio) had always served that nice, thin, crispy New York crust. Which is, by the way, the Correct Way of making pizza. That's not opinion, but scientific fact. It's probably in the Bible, too. But dammit, didn't the slices I got have crusts almost as thick as a bratwurst, but not nearly as tender? You bet your mozzarella.In the words of my Italian ancestors, "Why you break-a my heart, Pizza Sola?"
4	I love the choices of "slices" that Pizza Sola has! Slices are really huge. I had the ricotta and tomato (garlicly and flavorful) , my husband had the pepperoni.  The small round pepperonis get  a bit crisp on the edges: super tasty!  I`ve had the Hawaiian in the past, which was equally good.  Crispy and airy crust. Employees were friendly!  We got 2 slices and drinks for about 7 bucks.  We really enjoy it!
4	Tried this again, pizza wasn't as sloppy, still tasted good! Also, the veggie calzone was amazing and cheap!
4	Sauce it's all about the sauce for me solas was sweet and mild not very tart. I hate pizza sauce that reminds me of ketchup. Slices are large and wide but the crust is soft and thin. You will need at least one piece per person. Toppings are reasonable in variety. The price could be a little lower but other than that I like this joint.
1	There pizza is too greasy and I know great pizza when I see it this is not so great. Pizza Prefecta has the best pizza. I live in shady side and this place is the worst place to get pizza in East Liberty. It's not even that popular anymore. That's it if you what pizza go to shady side pizza Prefecta on highland ave corner alder street.
4	Walked in for the first time Monday evening around 9:00 PM, large pizzas in the window and chose Spartan and Herbivore one each to go. Had it re-heated in the big oven which I didn't expect to be done (had the image I needed to microwave myself).Tasty, huge, and quick, which is a great deal after a long day. I refer to myself as being always hungry and eating more portion than my male coworkers but was not able to finish two pieces.Gentleman behind the counter seemed shy but very kind. Will try on another time of day with other dishes too.4 stars with expectations for future revisit.
3	Good simple pizza!! If you're looking for a quick slice of pizza go there you won't be disappointed!!!
2	I came here with some friends last fall for a slice of pizza after visiting the PGH Glass Center's open house.  My one friend, who usually eats gluten-free, was being tested for celiac disease, so she was on a diet in which she had to eat a certain amount of carbs per day.  Since pizza is one of those items she isn't usually able to eat, and it'd been years since she'd had a slice of (non-gluten-free) pizza, we decided to head over to Pizza Sola for a slice.I ordered a slice of the spinach, tomato, and feta, my (usually) gluten-free friend had a slice of pepperoni, and my other friend had a slice of cheese, since that pie had just come out of the oven.  While the slices were okay, my non-gf friend and I were a bit disappointed, since, for $4 a slice, we expected pretty incredible pizza.  While the slices were large and the flavors were okay (albeit nothing special), the crust was soft and floppy (I prefer a crispy crust for thin-crust pizza) and kind of soggy from the sauce on top.  Also, the toppings were prone to sliding off, which always annoys me when eating pizza.  My non-gf friend agreed with me about the quality, even though her slice was fresher than mine.  My gf friend, on the other hand, really enjoyed her slice, but she said she suspected this was just because it'd been so long since she'd actually had pizza.I've heard the quality of the pizza at this place is inconsistent, and that some days it's better than others, so I'd be willing to try it again if I happen to be in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  2.5 stars.
3	The pizza and garlic knots were pretty good. A slice, 8 knots, and a cherry coke came out to around 6/7 bucks. The pizza had a ton of cheese and I was quite full afterwards. Crust was decent and overall the experience wasn't a bad one at all. Pizza taste/quality was slightly above average which is fine by me at a low price and good portion size. Makes me think of sbarro.
3	The pizza is great. Late hours service is terribly slow. Also, dirty cellphones are on the food prep surface, and they scoop their ice without a scooper. Gross.
2	Meh.Just meh.  When you walk past this place there is always this delicious aroma lingering around the front door.  But your pizza won't taste as delicious as the smell.I don't know why.  Everything looks like its done right.  You see them toss and make your pizza right there.  I think there's something missing in the marriage of the cheese and sauce.I'd say I'd never had bad pizza but I've had Dominos and Red Barron, so that would be a lie.  Pizza Sola is just not that good.  And I dont know why.  Walk further up S Highland and go to PIzza Perfetta.  It's cheaper and tastier.
4	Like most proud Americans, I believe that nothing beats a good slice of pizza. And also like most of us, I have strong opinions on what a slice of pizza should be. And when I walked into Pizza Sola for the first time, I was a bit skeptical. Why such thin NY-style slices? Are they really just popping a slice of pre-made pie back in the oven? But with the first bite, those doubts vanished.Pizza Sola has been one of the better and more consistent pizza options I've found around the city. Though I usually stick to meats only, their tomato and spinach option blew me away with the freshness of the ingredients and sauce. And my favorite sausage/mushroom/pepper combo is as good here as anywhere else.Bottom line: the best New York style pizza you'll find in Pittsburgh. Definitely worth grabbing a slice when in the area.
