4	Good place... not terribly different from the one on Highland, but definately not as upscale. Also, no offense, the waitresses at this one are not as hot as the ones on Highland.. see photo on Highland Review. Lots of TVs, open spaces.. Sometimes there are even good drink deals!
4	Great place for drinks & sports viewing.  There are about a jillion huge screens with everything from football, baseball, surfing, racing, etc on tv.  Nice outdoor patio, comfy lounge chairs, some video games & pool table.  Reverse happy hour from 10PM-2AM is a plus!  Would totally come back.
2	Besides the fact that this place is close to my house I dont have much positive to say.  Great cocktails, but NO DRAFT BEER.  Need I say more?
5	I have to admit I am a little biased here.  I was a big fan of the location on Highland and started going to the Greenway location because it is closer to home.  I am now a certified "regular" and it's nice to have someplace where people know that troubles are all the same.Everyone there is great, especially the bartenders.  I've met the owners a couple of times and they seem like good people.  For beer drinkers, there's only one draft beer and it's a local microbrew called "Bottoms Up".  So if you're looking for a beer experience, go to the Yard House.  If you want a comfy, friendly, local bar to hang out, watch the game and knock a few back....this is the place.
5	More Beer!!!That's right, they got rid of the Microbrew they had, Bottoms Up, and now have Fat Tire on draft and are getting another beer on draft soon.  They also carry Blue Moon now (thank God!) and a half dozen or so other popular beers they haven't carried in a long time.They also have daily kitchen specials they are doing a little better job of promoting and, so far, they've been really good.  Still a great place to go, still lots of fun.....now with more beer!
4	For the longest time I didn't care much for this place. Recently I got a new job in the area and I've found myself catching a lunch or two there. My perception was a little dreary, but after the few times going for lunch I'm in love. The bartenders are not only gorgeous, but the food is impeccable! Great burgers, wings, and probably so much more I haven't tried yet. It looks like they have a professional chef whipping up all the goodies. Awesome place, check it out..
4	Half  Moon is a sports bar that is very close to being a really, really, awesome place. Luckily, they have the best hot wing sauce in the universe.Half Moon has a ton of huge TVs. The servers are hot. The food is good. There are TVs in the bathroom! It's just missing something, though. I think the problem is that it tries to pawn itself of as a sports bar but lacks some main features.What it lacks first of all is fans. I have never seen this place very crowded. Let's see... the weekend of the ASU @ U of A game I stopped in here to watch the second half of the game. There was also an NFL game on, and the Suns were also playing. A sports bar should be packed for this, right? Nope. It had more people than usual, but was not close to packed.What it lacks second of all is affordable drinks and draft beer selection. Everything here is just too expensive for a sports bar and I can't recall but they either completely lack draft beer or are damn close. This is the main problem. Come on. Perhaps if they fixed this problem, the crowd problem could also be fixed.All of the above noted, what keeps me coming back? They have a great reverse happy hour. They have half off appetizers during Suns games. Probably has the best TV setup in North Phoenix other than Santisi Brothers. More importantly, they have the best wing sauce I have ever had in my life. I cannot remember what it is called, but it is their version of "hot". It's pretty damn spicy and has an amazing taste to it. But yes, let me repeat, this little sports bar has the best wing sauce I have ever tasted. It is that good. Try it. You can get a pound of wings for $4.50 during the next Suns game and I can assure you that it will not be crowded.Half Moon gets four stars due to the amazing wings. Otherwise it would get three.
3	We used to really like this place, but lately they keep disappointing us.  Good things:  They have all night drink specials, so if the game goes past happy hour, its not a big deal.  Lots of TVs, good atmosphere, good food, never overly busy to accomodate a group.  Their food is pretty good and drink prices are fair.  Some of the wait staff are nice.Bad things: They've changed their menu a little bit so some things aren't included in happy hour appetizers anymore- throw some chicken tenders or something in there please.  A girl can only eat so many chips.  They need to get more beers on tap- that's just weird for a sports bar.But my biggest complaint.  If I'm coming to a sports bar, it's to watch a game.  Don't take 15 minutes to get it on the TV.  And if there is a group of 5-10 people sitting in front of a TV cheering on our team, don't change my channel.  This has happened a couple times at this place.  And it's not like there aren't a million other TVs that nobody is watching- this place isn't that busy.  They need to get a more organized process for managing the TVs.  Most sports bars walk up to the TV, point at it, and ask if anyone would mind if they change it....sounds fairly simple.  And seriously, if we start screaming when you change the TV, don't fill 5 people's beers before you put my game back on.
3	Went to Half Moon for lunch recently.  Not our first visit, and more than likely not our last.  We arrived during lunchtime, and the place was basically dead.   The server was patient with us, as some of the other people in my party kept needing some time to review the menu.  Once we ordered, it did seem like it took a little longer than normal to get the food out.  I ordered the basic burger with cheddar and avocado on a whole wheat bun.  First, the menu lists premium toppings for burgers, such as avocado, bacon, grilled onions, etc.  This listing states I would receive a generous helping of my premium topping.  I definitely do not agree that the avocado was plentiful (in fact, it was probably 50% of the amount I received on an Earl's hamburger just a week prior).  Second, the whole wheat bun seemed kind of dry.  It was not toasted or warmed, which seemed unusually as well.  The fries that came with the burger, however, were quite good.  I scarfed them all down, along with a couple from one of my lunch companions...  Because the burger was only average and the food took a little while to come out, I'm giving Half Moon three stars.  I'm sure that I'll be back, and highly recommend this place for their 3-7 pm happy hour when apps are 50% off (though I do wish they would bring back the sloppy joe nachos...)
4	Hooray! A sports bar & grill with a decent menu. Can we all get a woop-woop for the tasty ahi sliders?Service is solid--attentive, pleasant and knowledgeable.And the patio, while it looks onto a road, is comfortable and never crowded for lunch.Definitely a go-to spot when you want a solid meal and aren't willing to risk trying a new eatery.
3	Half Moon is "A-OK" as my 3 star Rating suggests.It's a very decent sports bar in my hood, so I'm happy to report that they carry some good brews and have some decent beer specials.They currently have $3 Mirror Pond pale ale and porter bottles all day every day, which is pretty awesome.For food, we enjoyed their Mozzarella sticks, which are pretty good, except for the price ($9). Luckily, it was happy hour so they were half price at the time, which is about what they're worth. I can't imagine paying $9 for mozzarella sticks normally.Since I'm all veggie all the time, my entree choices there are limited. Basically I can choose from a salad, a grilled cheese or a pasta primavera.This time, I opted for the pear gorgonzola salad, which I have also enjoyed on a previous occasion.  It really is a delicious salad, with mixed greens, candied pecans, pear slices, gorgonzola cheese crumbles all topped with a dressing of sweet vinagrette & oil. I do wish the salad had a bit more pear on it.So what makes them just "A-OK", well, our service was pretty lackluster on this occasion. The waitress took a long time to make her initial visit after we were seated. I'm talking at least 10 minutes, maybe 15. After that, she disappeared for long periods of time, including when we were ready to pay our bill. The place was busy though, but I didn't see her helping other people, just not being around. This may have just been an isolated incident though, as our service has been just fine there in the past.The other problem they had today was that they were "out of stock" of their highly touted $3 Mirror Pond pale ales, which was exactly what we wanted.I'd also like to see other veg-friendly item on the menu, like a veggie burger or something else.I'm sure I'll be back, I just hope that they're not out of stock of their #1 beer special and that the service is better next time.
4	Very good chicken salad sandwich! Maybe yogurt in the mix? Will return. Also, the bartender and manager were very friendly. Cool spot!
1	It takes a lot for me to write a negative review.I decided to stop here for a quick Wednesday night dinner. It was busy, but not a friday night busy sort of evening.We opted to sit out on the patio-once we were seated, is where my experience at Half Moon went sour. We sat there for at least 10 min before someone came to take our drink order. Our waitress disappeared, and it took another 15 min for her to reappear with our drinks. I'm annoyed at this point..25 min just to get my drinks and you havn't even taken my order?!In that time..about 3 other tables fill on that patio..those same 3 people get up and walk out because of the lack of service.Our appetizer finally arrive i(we've now been there for 45 min), and I say "I was wondering if we were forgotten", and the food runner then decides to YELL AT ME. Yes, me, the customer. The customer who has been waiting close to an HOUR for a sandwich and a soda.He screams at me, and I quote, "LOOK-the upper floor is packed, and we can cook only so much at a time"...and storms off.What just happened here?! Did that employee seriously yell at me and try to school me on the workings of a restaurant?! We had been sitting there for so long that by the time we would have left, we would have been stuck waiting elsewhere anyway.I couldnt believe the complete lack of service, courtesy, and the outright  rude employee, who needs a serious training course on customer service.We ate our meal..chuckled at how insane it all was..the 'upper deck' is a 2 step elevated section inside so we had a good laugh at that too.To top off the miserable experience, the food was below mediocre Over cooked, the cole slaw was awful, and we kissed any chance of our drinks being refreshed goodbye. It was like we were the exiles on a deserted island begging for a beverage. Half Moon will never see my hard earned pennies again. I'd rather run down the street to Sonic!!!!
3	A great place for UFC fights and above average bar wings.  But dont show up early for the gifht if its a Tennessee game day.  Those fans are not too appreciative of anyone not wearing orange and dont understand that nobody cares to watch their team when decent sports are on other stations.
4	I don't know why Half Moon is listed as a '$' place. I would go 2 '$'. The daily specials are a great deal (especially the $4 Long Island/Long Beaches all day)... but it stops there. You open the menu to be greeted with $9 mozzarella sticks... Who charges $9 for deep fried mozzarella?The service is decent if you sit inside. The wait staff was clearly hired for their looks, not their intelligence. Bartenders know how to pour a drink. They only have 2 draft beers on tap, so if you are a big fan of anything but Coors Light and a rotating craft brew don't look for draft.I'd recommend the wings or the burgers. The prime rib sliders are out of this world. Free UFC fights!
3	Went here a few weeks ago, sorry about the late review entry, but this place was pretty good.  I was surprised to see some options on a menu in a sports bar with more then chicken wings and pizza.  Stopped in her on a Friday night.  Not extremely busy for a  bar/restaurant but I liked the extra attention we got at our table.  Opened up the menu and found a few different selections to choose from.  So I ordered a beer or two and ordered some wings, yes I was craving them from the time I cited this sports bar.  They have some different selections of flavors to choose from and you can have them bone in or out.  I decided not to juggle with my wings so I got them bone out with the Thai sauce.  I also ordered some fish and chips, I know odd choice, but hey that's the kinda girl I am...  My husband ordered the jambalaya.  After waiting around for a little while getting a little tossed, I noticed a huge room full of TV screens to watch whatever games are on, they also have smaller screens around the whole bar, and a mix of all sorts of people gathering.  We got our wings and weren't impressed by the amount we got... We ordered a pound of them and it was a really small portion.  They were good though.  Then our main courses came and I dig into my fish and chips, pretty darn good.  I also dipped into my husbands  jambalaya and tasted that too, it was ok I guess, kinda bland for how I like to have mine.    The cost were right on, except for the wings for amount of food you get, the drinks were average prices for this type of bar.  I might stop in again if in the area.
3	This place is pretty decent. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, decent prices and NO COVER FOR PPV events. So one of my buds suggested this place, we got there at 6pm for the WEC  fight a couple of weeks ago and the place was pretty bare. One thing that kinda perplexed me was the lack of beers on tap, but i got over it quickly. We drank a decent amount for a decent price. My biggest complaint was their wings. The medium wings tasted like sweet and sour and a bit fowl (see what i did there). After tasting those crappy wings i decided that the only food i could trust was their alcohol. If you're only going to drink i would recommend hitting up this spot.
2	A Half Moon is a Half Moon.... There are several locations around town and I have been to this one a few times. Great spot to watch a game or a fight; they have plenty of TV everywhere and great drink specials. There food is pretty decent for a sports bar too. However I have never eaten at this one. The down fall for this location is the patio and how dark they keep it inside. I thought I was in a movie theater at one point. The patio needs some serious TLC. The table and chairs are years over due for a replacement and they chairs are flimsy and rock back and forth, and weren't meant to do so. It's not too bad, but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit again.
5	I like to meet up with friends here after a long day at work. Their Happy Hour prices are awesome and the service at the bar has always been exceptional. Try it!
4	Went here for Monday Night Football. Great Sport for Bears Fans!!  They have a ton of TV's and 3 big screen projectors. Great food for a sports bar as well...Half Moon is a relax chill sport to hang out afterwards as well. We had Great service and drinks were resonable....   It has a big Patio as well, looks like it could use a lil remodel however. Otherwise this place is great. You should go check it out.
3	I prefer going to this place to watch UFC fights because there is no charge or minimum tab. The restrict the place to people 21 and up so you don't have little kids running around (a la BWW)....I really like how the place is set up, you can choose between sitting at a bar, or watching a sporting event from one seating areas that have couches. If you go here on a fight night, be sure to arrive at least 2 hours early, the place fills up quick. I stood the entire time during UFC 118. The menu is pretty standard for a sports bar: burgers and deep fried foods. I recommend going on weekends because the burgers are half price.Also, the other reviewers are right about the lighting. They keep it pretty dark inside so people might be turned off by that....
5	This is a great little bar.  I live walking distance to it and enjoy walking in to a nice clean place.  I always sit at the bar.  The bartender Amanda - is super nice and knows everybody's name.  She even knows what to pour me each time.  I like the burgers a lot.  It's not a creepy crowd or a high and mighty stuck up crowd.  It's the perfect in between mix.  The Ranger is good beer but I wish WISH WISH they would get Four Peaks on tap.
4	I still prefer Zipps for the food, but Half Moon has very good bar food too. Burgers and wings are great (again, Zipps are better). Half Moon is way better for watching a game though. Way better seating arrangement. Go when it isn't busy and you can have one of the side rooms all to yourself, rearrange the furniture however you want and get the remote so you can put on whatever. I shouldn't be sharing this.Nice outdoor seating with a fire pit for all you smokers.
3	Chicken buffalo dip is great, this place is very very over priced for what you get,  Happy Hour is best time to go... Service is questionable... If u have  left overs and want to take them home guard them with your life...
3	This is where I go to watch hockey because they have NHL Center Ice. This bar is arranged well for watching sports in general and the food is quite good. There are even two side rooms with their own private TVs and couches. I had the mushroom and swiss burger last Monday and it was to die for :) The guy next to me ended up buying one after seeing mine because it smelled so good. The service is variable here but usually good. This is definitely the place I go to watch sports near the house.
4	I love going to half moon! First of all, it is in a great location that is close to my house. Second, they have pretty good happy hour specials and they also usually have specials on food and drink when local sports teams are playing. They have a really big Long Island Iced Tea that is always $4 and that is really good too. One of my favorite reasons to go here though is that they have half price burgers all weekend. These burgers are fantastic! They also have a lot of TV's if you want to catch a game that is on. Although I personally can't stand UFC, if you are a fan then you need to go to half moon. They don't charge a cover to watch it like a lot of other bars do. And if you are a guy you may also like all of the pictures around the restaurant of girls with their butts hanging out. Personally, not my thing but to each his own. Last, if you have a sweet tooth like I do, then you have to try the cookie pie. Make sure you order it 20 minutes before you want it (they warn you on the menu it takes a while). It is yummy!
4	Col atmosphere-Bit more sophisticated than your average sports bar-good food, plenty of tv's, volume of the game is on surround-cool outdoor seating area with firepit etc. cute waitresses but most importantly carry "Fat Tire" on draft and in the bottle-Pretty cool place-
4	Great place to go if you're looking for a sports bar that has more thought and effort into their menu than other sports bars. They offer all the faves, Burgers, Wings, Fries, tons of drink choices always something on special it seems. But they also offer more craft options like flat bread sandwiches, pastas, and even jambalaya. i also love a place that has projection TVs, so you can REALLY see the game, they have three here. It's also a pretty good place to go for UFC, even though I think it's lame. Either way, if you want to chill with some good food and drink and watch some sports, check this place out. They even have a nice patio with some big screens showing all the action.
5	Great 4$ long islands!
4	Fun bar, great service, cool crowd, laid back... and across from my gym, LA Fitness so its an easy excuse to skip a work out. ;)
4	I have had just about everything on the menu. And it has all been so tasty!  I am never let down. The wait staff is always super nice, helpful and educated onthe menu. I would highly recommend eating there. And try it all. You won't be let down. And always check out their specials. They always have them and they are always awesome!!  The owners are great guys and really care about their restaurants and that shows vigorously throughout the food and the people.
5	my usual hang out. Great food great atmosphere. Beautiful women serving you what more do I need to say
4	Love the buffalo chicken dip and the 4 dollar long islands... Staff is great.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if it was at all possible...Went there a few weeks ago to meet some friends to watch some preseason football. Out waitress was nice, the food was good, and the beer was cold. It was a good experience till the 4th quarter...The table in front of us had a female drinking a beer who was standing for a bit blocking our view. Finally, after a few minutes out friend leaned over to their table and asked nicely if she could sit so we could see the game. She responded, "I work here" and gave us a dirty look. Really? And? What does that have to do with the fact that we couldn't see? She was clearly not working at the moment (she was holding a beer and an unlit cigarette) and asking her to sit seemed like a simple request. She sat and began talking about our table to her friends who were with her. Our waitress stopped by to see if we needed anything and as she walked away the "standing girl" pulled her aside. We watched her talk and point at our table to our waitress and when we made eye contact she flipped us off. Yes, she literally told us she worked there and then flipped us off! I have never been so disrespected as a patron of a restaurant!Furious now, we asked for a manager and he came over. We told him what happened and he apologized for her and said he would talk to her. A few minutes later she came back over and sat at her table proceeded to talk about us again. Finally the manager told her to leave. He came back to our table to let us know that she had been drinking, he asked her to leave and would be talking to her when she was sober. Just to confirm I wasn't crazy or overreacting, a woman at an uninvolved table came by ours after it was over and told us she watched the whole thing and was on our side. She couldn't believe that an employee would be so rude and flip us off. I guarantee I won't be back for anymore football games or anything else. I will not give a dime to a restaurant that employes people who think it is ok to disrespect patrons regardless of it they are on or off the clock.
3	This place is really LOUD!Bacon bleu burger-not bad. Spicy chicken tortilla soup-needed to be heated longer. Soup should be hot, not warm. Ginger ale-too sweet.P.S. This place is really LOUD!
4	Great atmosphere, polite staff. They had my favorite beer Kiltlifter, fish and chips were really good. The humus appetizer probably needs more pita bread. I sat outside and enjoyed the fire pit. It was a bit more pricey than I had expected maybe I'll come by @ happy hour.
4	FREE UFC.Above average bar food.Speedy service.Ideal layout for starring endlessly at favorite sporting event on TV.
1	If you get the blond waitress, run... She sucks and we had to order a water 4x because she kept forgetting. Took 30 min to get a beer. Kept giving us excuses that she got double sat... Welcome to the waitress world dip-shit. We are the customer & don't care about your problems. What's too bad, is the food we did receive, was actually good but we're now leaving to order Domino's; after telling her we were ready to order our dinner 3x she still forgot to come take our order.
4	Kudos to the manager for reaching out to make our next visit here better!! The wings still rank high in my book, alongside the buffalo chicken dip!!! Our waitress was super helpful & gave terrific service! Thanks for making our 2nd visit to Half Moon one which makes us want to return again in the future!
3	This place is ok at best...my husband and I went to meet friends for a drink one night and sat on the patio. It wasn't very busy for a Thursday night. Our server was nice enough, but soooo slow! I told my husband to order me a beer when i went to use the restroom and when I came back she still hadn't come by. I then went to the bar to order a beer and the bartenders didn't even acknowledge me, so it took me a half hour to get a miller lite bottle from the server.They didn't have a good selection of draft beer at all, weird for a place that calls itself a sports bar. My friends like this place so we'll try it again I'm sure. I've heard the food is pretty good so I'll have to go back and try it. Hopefully the service will pick up next time.
4	Here is a tip for the bartender. When a person walks into your establishment, stands three feet away from your bar, and this person has not been in your establishment before, say hello. This customer is looking for some guidance and support from the staff with a bar that is 75 percent full.  I know the girls sitting at the bar are cuter than me, but I tip better.  My eventual waitress, Rachel saved the day. Good food. Good Sports Bar atmosphere.
3	The Good: -Virtually any sport you want to watch, they'll have it on one of their many TVs for you.  -Strong drinks, made correctly. Their bartenders are great.-The staff is very friendly and usually quite attentive.-Patio seating is plentiful, along with a firepit for the winter and misters for the summer.-Bouncers at the door know their stuff and will take out a crazy drunk before you even have to ask.The Bad: -The food really isn't very good. Most of it is run-of-the-mill bar food that came out of a package and tastes like crayons (bland and boring). Their garlic fries and cheese sticks are delicious though.-It can get very crowded on big game nights, and as such service can get very slow or the servers may even not be told you've been seated (the hostesses aren't great).-Sometimes at night they play the music ridiculously loud - it's a bar, not a dance club. No one goes there to sit and not hear their company.Go There For: A sports game with your friends to drink.Don't Go There For: A hearty meal with grandma after church on Sunday.
2	Very pricy for the quality of food you get...definitely don't come here for the service.
4	I had mini date night and we decided to come here on a whim. I mean it is close to my house so why not. Plus they have reverse happy hour and their boneless wings were on special in which they were half off all month with any drink purchase. Score. My friend decided that he wanted to try the Eclipse Burger challenge in which included 3 half pound angus patties, topped with 4 strips of bacon, cheddar and swiss cheese with crispy onions and a side of fries. If he finished it, he got a t-shirt and his picture placed on the wall. Well he finished it with no problem. He doesn't eat like that all the time and he said that he was full but not overly stuffed. Kudos to him. It looked amazing and I so wanted a bite, but alas he had to finish it all himself. Hmm maybe next time I will try. LOL ( NOT!)
4	I've never had a bad night here and I always enjoy watching the sports I love! The wings are good but they are small in my opinion but you can't beat the Burgers here ! Especially when they are half priced on the weekends ! Happy Hour is always good here and so is the atmosphere . I always take friends here when they need to get out and relax for a bit .
2	I mean it's a bar they have drinks. If that is what you are going for cool. You can catch a game there, its not bumpn like it used to. Its a little on the quiet side.The crowd looks like its about a 40+ group. and a good handful of random creepers checking out the serve staff there. I wouldn't say i wont come back. But its definitely not first on my list for the kinda of bar scene i'd normally be looking for.Service was good. but thats because there wasnt many other people to serve the day when i went.
2	I frequent the Half Moon quite a bit because I live in the neighborhood (1 star for location). I consistently get horrible service, and I find myself questioning why I keep returning? Because the beer is cold, and ONE manager is very helpful, friendly and accomodating. The service is terrible. The waitresses are way more concerned with their personal lives and the creepy old men at the bar, than with their tables. It must take at least 20 minutes to even get noticed if you are sitting at the bar. The bartenders (with the exception of Rich and Carrie) are rude and dismissive. I do understand what Krisitne explained in her review as I am a server so I do sympathize and understand that each experience is different and every one has their share of bad days, but this place is just awful. Consistent horrible service by almost every one of the waitresses. Younger crowd, sports bar with a ton of tvs, and their kitchen is open late. The food is delicious though which is the reason for my second star.
2	Looking for our Cheers.I live in the area and wanted to check this place out for some time now. I've been looking for a comfortable place to hang out for a couple, three happy hours a week and maybe a weekend meal.My girlfriend and I dropped in on a playoff football Sunday about 2 pm. First thing we noticed when we walk in the door is the hostess is very cute and the place is loud. I mean really loud. Not with your normal every day sports bar chatter but the game audio coming from the ceiling mounted speakers was deafening. The hostess asked if we wanted a high-top table and that is usually our preference though the one she suggested was positioned directly under a speaker. I quickly surveyed the speaker system and chose a table slightly off center of a speaker, though unfortunately I soon came to realize it was right near the patio door access to the outside smoking area. The door was used often and some smoke did seep in but for the most part the smoke stank that clinged to the patrons was even worse.I was in clear sight of about 10 flat screens which was nice but they all showed non-local Washington v. Seattle playoff football. Is this the only sports on Sunday afternoon? I would rather have watched bowling. The worst wasn't so much the really loud football broadcast but every ten minutes came on a just as loud, ridiculous commercial for some pharmaceutical remedy. I've never been more annoyed by the noise in a sports bar. I would have enjoyed viewing some sport in peace and according to the server this volume level is common at night and on weekends. The volume of crap gets this bar strike one as far I'm concerned; who needs to tolerate blasting cialis ads to know what's going on in a football game?Strike two was just as bad. I thought the fact that they supported local breweries was an attractive option. I like the San tan hefe and was looking forward to trying the Phoenix ale frenzy hefe on tap. After I ordered it the server came back saying they were out. She offered just about anything in a can or bottle as a substitute. I'm at a loss here...how does a bar run out of beer? It's akin to a gas station running out of gas - it only happens during a disaster. And if I wanted something canned or bottled I could have consumed it at home for a fifth the price. I wound up having a draft coors light which reminded me why I don't like it...too much carbonation. Two strikes and we're thinking we should just bolt to a more comfortable known locale like the close by Fridays where I could get a big frosty mug of blue moon. But with our three strike rule we decided to be fair and give them the chance to hang themselves. My gal ordered sliders and sweet potato fries while I ordered a Swiss burger medium with regular fries. It seemed to take more time to come out than it should given the about one-third to half full patronage or maybe my perception of time was skewed due to the ambient attack on my senses but when it finally did arrive I wound up with a bacon burger, no cheese. If I hated bacon this would have been strike three because I know if I sent it back they would simply peel off the bacon, slap on a piece of cheese and call it good. I chose to keep the bacon burger as long as I wasn't charged for the bacon. Honestly, the taste of the food was the only redeeming quality of this establishment on this visit and saved them from a third strike. My girlfriend says excellent, fresh tasting sliders and some of the best sweet potato fries she's had. My burger was cooked to order and fresh, not frozen as well. My shoe string fries were seasoned and had a little zip, much better than the bland fries you might be used to seeing as bar food. I like the fact that our food came on a plate as opposed to in a basket, especially for the price.$35 out the door with the only alcohol being a $3 domestic draft is a bit pricey and given the other negatives this isn't our Cheers and we won't be going back any time soon. But the food was good so we won't discount this place completely and if and when we choose to return we'll make sure to check out the atmosphere and beer gauge before committing butt to seat.
2	I will give two stars,one for a well priced happy hour and a lot of TV's. The other for the food being pretty good. Everything else about this place is below mediocre , the service is slow. I went in last week and was one of 5 people at the bar and the bar tenders were still  more caught up in engaging in conversation with one another than taking my drink order. Then the refill process took twice as long, finally I asked for my bill because after multiple poor experiences I was done. It took 15 minutes to get my bill. What a joke.
2	I have been here a handful of times and have had no issues until my most recent visit. But allow me to start with the positive though.The food has been good. The wings and ribs were nothing short of yummy. The sauces they used were fantastic actually.The service has been above par for a sports bar. My servers have been attentive and alert. Location is good and not too far from my house making it an ideal place for happy hour. The negative.This last visit I decided to take my dad for happy hour. Again, our food and service was good up until we paid our bill. Keep in mind, my dad is an older man now and getting in and out of booths is sometimes a little more difficult than it used to be. Everyone had gotten up to leave but my dad was struggling to get up. To make things easier, my brother moved a table out of the way to give him a hand standing up. As soon as my brother started assisting him a blonde, male, manager walked by and arrogantly/rudely said, "don't move the tables, it blocks the pathways for staff." Mind you, this is right as my dad was struggling to stand while my brother was pulling him out of the seat. Are you F&%$##& kidding me? Walk around, say nothing or give us a bad look if you feel so indignant!  I was in shock at this display and shaking with anger as we walked to the car.I'll probably come back here because there is always one bad apple in the bunch but I promise you I wont be so nice the second time around.
4	My wife and I love the food, drinks, and the staff here.  We used to live next door and we went several times a week.  We moved to  a different area but we still go back because it's our favorite sports bar.  Love this place!  Amazing burgers and fries.  In fact, I dont' think I've had a bad thing to eat here.  Buffalo Chicken dip is my favorite.  I wish they had better beer selections.  They only have local beers.
4	A nice different option for lunch, my brother and I enjoyed the burgers recently. They were offered in an assortment of sizes and toppings, but since it was the first time there, I opted for a plain burger on a pretzel bun.  The flavor and consistency, while not the best in town, was pretty nice, and actually surprisingly good for 'bar food'.  Service was decent, although for the lunch hour it really wasn't very busy at all. I think I would like to come here for llunch again, and try something different, although the menu isn't that large, and for a craving for a burger I will choose another place. I guess this is around 3.65, but i'll round 'em up.  What can I say? The black and white photos on the walls of sexy chicks with their plumber's cracks exposed ('half moon") may have swayed me.
4	I'm a fan of this place. I love the flat breads and the Ahi sliders. We live in the area and go here often with our 2 kids.  We only go on the weekdays because weekends are a tad too busy to bring kids. I do love that kids eat free in the evening - that's a bonus! Of the 30 times I'm been here, I think we've only had one bad experience.  A few months ago, we had a large table of 12 and our waiter kind of forgot about us, we had 5 kids with us and needed to get in and out.  Food arrived and the kids mac and cheese was prepared spicy in error. I asked if they could remake it cuz its for my 2 year old. He looked at me like I was crazy ridiculous.   But eventually left the spicy version and came back with normal mac and cheese.
4	Decent food menu, friendly staff, and big screens everywhere.
5	Ask for Savannah. Outstanding service. And try the buffalo chicken dip. It's fantastic! Good place to watch ufc fights...no cover.  Great drinks specials during fights and games. Smoking is allowed on the patio where they have about ten tables and three tvs. Inside their are tables, high tops and a large bar with every seat in the place having a great view of one of their many big screens ( including two projector screens)
3	I've probably driven/parked around this place a couple hundred times in the last year (no exaggeration) just from going to the LA Fitness it shares a parking lot with but hadn't actually stopped in until tonight.  A friend lives across the street from it so we decided to meet up for a low-key night.I got there around 7:30 and was seated right away as the place wasn't busy at all.  The server showed up a few minutes later but first complained about the other table she was taking care of and that "OF COURSE" they were ready to order.  I know that she said that as a way of apologizing for taking longer than she'd planned to get to my table but it really wasn't that long of a wait and I didn't like hearing her complain about other people there.The rest of the time was average but nothing special.  My friend and I each had a couple beers and I got the half pound of wings which were good but not great.  Our waitress took her time in checking on us and bringing/cashing out our bill.  So I just feel like while nothing bad happened, there wasn't really anything great that happened either which is why I'm giving an average 3 stars.
3	The food is usually good, but there are occasional slips.  Service can also be spotty at times.  My last trip had two out of three dishes either mis-ordered or brought out at the wrong time..
5	Half Moon is a favorite amongst my group of friends. The staff is generally beyond friendly and the establishment is always very clean. Cant go wrong with 1/2 price apps and $3 drafts during happy hour (mon-fri 3-7) and reverse hh (10-close nightly). They also have the buddy pack (2 pounds of wings and 4 draft beers) for $20 during all Suns, Coyotes and Dbacks games! They have a rewards program that allows regulars to save $10 every now and then. Also one of the few places Ive found that does not charge a cover for UFC PPVs. In the case that you have too much fun, a free shuttle service is available for use within 3 miles. *Some constructive criticism* They desperately need to update their directv connection. The picture on many of the tvs often times appears distorted or stretched bc they dont have hd connections. All things considered though, if you live in the area you would be missing out by not giving this place a try.
3	I've been here a couple times with my family and it's always good. They have a pretty decent draft selection and the wings are above average (they come in your choice of 4 or 5 different sauces). Prices are fair and we usually sit out on the deck which is nice. .
4	Really chill sports bar with great food, good music, tons of TV screens, pool, killer drink specials & good ambience.
4	I am a big fan of Half Moon in North Phoenix.  The food is amazingly good for a sports bar!  My favorite is the Greek Salad!  They also do special menus on holidays -- this past year we did a low-key Valentines date and were pleasantly surprised they offered a "coursed" dinner.   Also, the wait staff is dressed super cute without it being a "breastaurant".  It's kid friendly in the dining area.
4	We got a calendar from Half Moon on Super Bowl Sunday and have gone in many times since then.  There are free items when you buy the calendar every month.  Happy hour and reverse happy hours are great with $3 draft beers and half off wings and other apps. My husband is a huge fan of the wings!
4	Nice place to grab a beer and hear some tunes.
5	I love this restaurant. I love the atmosphere and I love the food, but I have been extremely displeased with this place in one area. I love places with primo cards and member cards where you can accumulate points for free money. Which Half Moon does which is great BUT the past 2 times I have gone to RECIEVE my ten dollars off my meal my card was restarted and the server said it was used on my last visit... I also order the same meal for my boyfriend and myself and I also pay the same price. I go there often to receive points so I can enjoy 10 dollars off every so often and the past 2 times I have not received... Very displeasing, I feel like the servers are going after I pay and adding the ten dollars off and keeping my tip. I would hope not..-After several confusing incidents with my promotional card the team of half moon really took the time to work things out with me. I appreciate it when Customers have an issue and management takes time to address it so I'm changing my 3 stars to a five star.
5	Great place for fun,food,drink and entertainment and the prices are reasonable. They provide a free shuttle service. Lots of TV's for all games even on Sunday NFL. Outside fire pit  when chilly outside with misters when it's hot. This is a sports bar not a fancy restaurant but the food is good and they always have specials on food and drink plus a reverse happy hour.Management keeps this place clean and neat with great help from staff and servers.
2	Was here w/2 friends on Saturday 9/20 (at about 6pm), then again this past weekend. The visit on 9/20 was -really- good, mostly because of our server, and the food (prime rib sliders w/cheese, the buffalo chicken dip, and a burger-entree). Our server on 9/20 was very attentive, and helpful w/menu suggestions. Unfortunately, when my two friends and I visited on Saturday 9/25 (at 4:30pm), we had a -very- different experience. The place wasn't -that- busy, but our service took FOREVER (first water, then another 15-20min. to order drinks, then another 20min. to receive said drinks; the worst part came with paying the bill - the process of receiving the check, getting the check picked-up, and returned with receipts - 45min.). I asked the hostess as we left, she informed me a server had walked out, and our server had been working there 'only 4-weeks'. Completely understand that when staff walk, it creates a ripple effect, and also understand that new servers can be clunky in their delivery . . . but 4-weeks is PLENTY of time to learn to ask for help from others (at the very least other servers should have helped her). We -may- be back (but only because it's a convenient location for my friends)
4	We came in last night to watch the Tigers destroy the Red Sox which was great. We ordered a bunch of apps. Regular wings - cooked nicely, not rubberyBoneless wings - very meaty, hated the Thai Peanut flavor which I expected to loveCalamari - smelled HORRIBLE. Way too fishy smelling. I didn't eat any but the guys said it was OK.Edamame - it's hard to screw up edamame, it was great. Our server was wonderful, she was attentive and brought us refills and extra plates with out having to ask. It's close to the house and they have a great happy hour, half off all apps. We'll be back!
3	Its right across the street from my house, so I definitely love that. It is the Players Sports Bar of Arizona. Completely and utterly reminds me of San Marcos, CA with the younger crowd, addicted to sports and dying to drink. The music was a little loud for my taste, but we did go for a later-evening drink. It had more of a local feel to it than anything, probably because of its location. The beers were moderately price, and the service wasn't too bad. The patio is legit though, thats where I would head if I wanted to grab a drink with a friend during the day.
4	Great wings, great atmosphere, and great waitresses for the most part lol
2	The beer selection here disappointed me, very laid back bar that can be a great hang out for friends on the weekend. The drinks are fairly priced but the whole theme of the restaurant/bar threw me off. It was disappointing that the whole patio was smoking friendly I do not smoke and could barely breathe out there so I was left with the only option to be inside....disappointing.
4	Great local spot. Really good wings. The service is spotty,  but not bad. Great place to hang.
1	This used to be my favorite neighborhood bar. I'd come here for happy hour many times a week. Well today they changed the menu and happy hour. They shortened it by an hour (now ends at 6pm) raised the price of the happy hour items. And took off the half priced wings during football games. I have been here for nearly every Monday and Thursday football games this season. Tonight will be my last. Good luck Half Moon.
3	Great Happy Hour Food but came in for Dinner today, unfortunately the app and burger were poor. Buffalo chicken Dip- Bland! Burger- no seasoning with guacamole that tasted like "nothing." Love the drinks and servers.
1	I am new to town and had a recommendation by a friend to come visit this place. The interior is nice and the atmosphere is as well however the service I had was awful. I waited in front to be seated for 5-10 minutes before someone acknowledged me. Once I was seated and ordered my food took almost 40 minutes and tasted like everything came out of the microwave. I got the late night happy hour menu and cheap does not mean poor quality !!
3	Three stars; nothing more, arguably less.First and foremost: the name of the restaurant is Half Moon, but the logo is quite obviously a crescent. I know, knit picky, but come on.Second: was excited to come here for the wings. Supposedly award winning? I call bullshit. Maybe the award winning pigeon wings. The atmosphere was fine; typical sports bar. Wait staff was fun, and got most of the order right. Was some what smokey inside? Not sure how or why.All in all: we don't come to moon valley often. It served its purpose as a family rendezvous. But I doubt we would ever intentionally return. Merp.
5	We came from out town for a football game and wanted to watch the big UFC fight at nice, drama-free bar or restaurant. From the point I called here to verify that they were showing the fight I was impressed with their service. The person who answered was extremely friendly and went out of her way to describe the usual fight night crowd and advise us what time we should show up if we wanted a seat. Our waitress was just as friendly and took great care of us.The food especially the Chicken Alfredo was delicious ! Mix drinks were not that strong. But we stuck to beer. Nice place over all I highly recommend it.
5	Ashley.  Best manager I have ever come  In contact with.  Knows hers surroundings!  I can't say enough good about her or  this place. Go there for sure. You'll love it
1	I come here all the time for years and sadly the service and food have now consistently been horrendous. I have returned food to the kitchen several times, it was either wrong, freezing cold or torn wraps and burger buns. Attitude sank to such bitchy lows, no quality control, a new menu that is just retarded and over priced. I will not return to this place ever again, me and my crew of 6 regulars have all agreed this place went to hell and is run by 15 year old children that don't give a damn about no one but their friends that come in after high school and get free drinks.
4	Happy hour is good. Love the wings!! Reasonable drink prices and even after happy hour ended mid-meal we continued to get happy hour prices so that was much appreciated. Kids eat free damn near always! Always a good spot to hit with the wife for quick drinks or to take the kids for a bite.
1	So this used to be a five star place. A few months ago I wrote a review about the changes in the menu that made me switch it to a one star review. I came back tonight for the first time since to watch the Wildcats game and drink a beer. They are now charging a $5 cover. Are you kidding me? We aren't in downtown Scottsdale. Goodbye. Never again. Such greed. Wow
1	I've been coming here on a regular basis (1-2x/month minimum) for the past 5 years and I've never had to pay cover... until now. I've always loved this bar because of the "neighborhood bar" atmosphere, and I've enjoyed the fact that it's within walking distance from my home, but with the recent changes to the happy hours, and now having to pay a cover, I'm thinking I'll start taking a cab to another bar...
3	In the end I do still enjoy this bar. The atmosphere is usually very friendly, and the staff is friendly as well, and they're food is good. A little sad they started charging cover for the UFC fights, but I can understand their need to cover costs - though I certainly hope the front door personnel are better the next time around.Oh, and I do wish they'd go back to the old happy hour time slots...
1	In the words of a Jo Dee Messina song, "You and me, we had a pretty good thing...I'M DONE!"  Been going here since it opened, with it's ups and downs, but after three bad visits in a row stayed away for months.  Decided to give them one...more...try last night and will never go back again.   It looks like they completely changed the menu and got rid of most of the good things, leaving some really weird sandwiches.  First off, I can't figure out how this place makes regular Grey Goose vodka taste like green apple.   Oh well, that will remain their secret.  My husband ordered a Bleu Cheese Burger and I ordered the Philly Sandwich.  After quite a long wait, he received a BBQ Burger, so I was nearly done when he got the correct order.  All I can tell you about my Philly was it tasted like soggy bread and provolone.   Since I didn't like my vodka/green apple drink, I ordered something else and received the wrong drink.  So I asked our waitress (Sammi or Tammi?)  if she was new and she said "well...kind of."   So zero tip and out the door and I'm sure she's still wondering what the heck she did wrong.   I'm sure glad this wasn't a $5 cover charge night I'm reading here for the first time.  What a joke!
2	The food isn't bad here,  but the service is soooooo friggin slow its unreal. The wings are good,  very tasty.  Bartenders are cool and helpful.  Plenty of tv's to watch the game too.
4	WOW    I am happy to say that I have been going here for awhile. I like the friendly employee's.The over all time I have had there is great.Food is excellent and the owner of the bar really cares what his customers think!!The manager who worked on Saturday is very customer friendly.GREAT PLACE!!!
2	It's a hit or miss with this place. Sometimes you get great service and sometimes you don't. Every time we walk in the hostess usually just stares. The servers all suck at their job. I'm a server, I know what good service is. Our server was horrible! She literally walked up to our table chewing food, she stopped taking my friends order so she can yell across the patio to some friends driving pass us. Oh and don't let me forget to mention that she was playing with her hair brushing it with her fingers in front of us! Then serving us our food. This place is a joke, service is a joke. It's so bad that I know if I asked to speak to a manager the manager would have probably done nothing about it. However Unless I find a place with better wings I will be back but sitting on the bar. I always get better service from the bartenders. So heres a note to management. Retrain your servers or get a new serving staff!
5	Heard about this place from our hotel. Tried it out on a Thursday and Alissa was great. Liked it so much we came back the next day. Malea took care of our group during the day (which grew from 6 to 12 within an hour). This is our new Old Pros hangout for March Madness and Spring Training.
5	Drea, the bartender is the best, most attentive bartender I've ever had. I know this place gets a lot of negative reviews, but between the bartenders Shelby and Drea, I just don't understand why. They are such sweet ladies with wonderful hospitality. I have never had a bad experience here and I will never tell someone to not come here.
5	My wife and I have come here several times now, and we really enjoy it. The food is superbly prepated, and the atmosphere is very warm and welcoming. The chef has a great way of blending flavors to produce a savory treat for your palate. Super friendly staff as well. Highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich, and the sunny side up burger.
2	Food was good, had the pretzel fondue, wings, sliders & burger,  but you better have allot of time because the service is SLOW to almost stagnant, it was not even that busy... Won't be going back for some time.
5	I love this place! The food is great and drinks are good a price, 3 dollar dos equis! The service is always excellent too, I love Shelby, Brooke, Hunter, the Asian guy and Sammie! They are always attentive with any questions. So if you come here ask to be in their section.  Also I would recommend the burger or spinach dip!
1	Some girlfriends and I were in town last week, and this sports bar was near us so we decided to give it a shot Thursday. Well we learned shortly that this was a mistake. Our wait on food was mind boggling, a few appetizers took 45 minutes. We were not sure if they were going out to butcher the chicken while we were waiting. After we received the food it was sub-bar. The service was decent the manager has a anger problem. The drinks were okay, and the only thing that arrived in any sort of face paced manner. I would not recommend this place, unless you like cold food and watching manager scream at her waitress staff.
4	This is one of my favorite sports bars in the area. Its a very laid back atmosphere. They have a ton of tv's at the bar and throughout the lounge and patio areas, great for watching mutiple sporting events at one time. The staff here is always helpful and the drinks are reasonably priced with great deals on food and drinks during happy hour. If you're l(oking for a great bar to catch a game or fight i'd suggest checking this place out
5	Great place to eat and watch the games. Super friendly staff and cool crowd !
4	I've been kicked out of here twice but I keep coming back. I'd say that is a pretty good endorsement. Their fries are phenominal. The rest is pretty much standard bar fare, but with the dearth of nightlife options in this part of the valley, you won't hear me complaining. Service can be hit or miss depending on which bartender/waitress you get.
1	I used to come here all the time with friends for the ufc ppv and before it was always packed and the service and drinks were great. Now a few months later I came here and the place has completely gone downhill. The food has changed and I ordered a margherita and I got some fruity drink that has a rotten lime in it. New management or something ruined it. Never again will I come here.
5	Everyone here is so friendly. The service is awesome, food is awesome, everything is AWESOME! Love that Asian guy! What a charmer!
5	Just about everything I want in a sports bar!-A VERY comfortable viewing experience. -Ample seating-Big patio-Good bar food. The wings are legit. Awesome, even. I tried the nuclear sauce. It kept my friend writhing in agony for a minute, but I thought they were delicious. Tastes like a hotter sriracha. -Awesome mixed drinks at reasonable prices. And the bartenders, who are great at their jobs, really seem to enjoy using their creativity. -The beer selection had a couple of unique choices in the seasonal New Belgium collaboration, but was otherwise mediocre. I'd come back here to eat, drink, and watch the game. Even when there's not a game going on, people can chillax and socialize as if it's just a pub. That right there elevates this into five star territory. Staff and atmosphere make a huge difference!
3	Cool bar with hit or miss service. The food is above average but not having a server help you for the first ten minutes sucks. Normally a good time on Friday nights, can be expensive if you plan on staying there all night.
3	A-Ok is the perfect description of Half Moon Sports Grill.  It's a sports bar.  That really is all I can say about it.  Half Moon Sports Grill really left no impression on me either way.  The food is OK.  The service is OK.  The Beer selection is OK.  The atmosphere is OK.  It's not bad.  It's not great.  It's just a sports bar.So what does make Half Moon Sports Grill stick out over the hundred of other sports bars in this area?  It is on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).  The gift certificate is $30 for $15 and alcohol is not restricted.  I believe Happy Hour and holidays are the only restrictions.
4	Fast, friendly staff with lots of TVs to see the game. Food was really good for bar food. We had the pretzels and wings - both of which I was surprised by the quality.
5	Me and my group of six friends originally came into Half Moon just to try it out. We were searching for a new bar to watch the UFC events. Our server, Rikki, was amazing. Straight up rockstar. She was fast, always checked on us, got all of our orders right and extremely friendly (Even though we can be quite the hassle to deal with) One big thing with a couple in my group is they don't like having to wait for their drinks to be refilled so getting Rikki worked out perfectly. We enjoyed our experience so much we decided that we would continue to bring our service to Half Moon. I went there for dinner one night and I had a misunderstanding about where I could sit to get service from Rikki. The Manager, Ashley, came out to talk to me. She squared everything away immediately, she made sure everything was ok and all concerns were met. I can't ever remember being wowed by the management from a sports bar before! She was extremely professional about the whole thing and I appreciated that a lot. It really felt like she would bend over backwards to keep everyone having a good time (Customers and employees alike) without sacrificing the integrity of Half Moon. We went back for lunch later on in the weekend and Ashley remembered us and even came to see how we were doing. And as always, Rikki did awesome, and the food was great AGAIN.We've only just begun going to Half Moon but so far I'm really enjoying my experiences! The service is great, the Managers exceed expectations, the food is great, the beer is cold and THE TVs! Oh man I can't even begin to go on about how awesome it is to have the private rooms on the sides, and even in the common area you can have sounds from multiple fights/games going on at once!I'd definitely recommend Half Moon. I see some shaky reviews being posted from the past, but I wouldn't give up on this place. The more recent ones seem to have enjoyed it and my friends and I have had 3 top notch experiences in a row. I dunno, maybe they took the earlier feedback to heart :)Thanks for the experience Half Moon!
2	2 stars only for the Hal way decent food, and cold beer. But they don't fill your beer glass all the up, maddening. As for the service, 1/2 star. Our waitress was terrible. She took a very long time to bring beverages, we are talking 30 mins at some points.  Go elsewhere!! Plus the crowd is obnoxious.***UPDATE***The owner got ahold of me concerning my review. While I stick to my original review I would like to acknowledge that the owner took the time to reply to me to try for another chance/review. If I stop in again I will perhaps change my opinion, or they will help change my opinion.
5	Samie was great she told us about the new tacos and they were amazing! Love the service and the food!
5	This place is great.  Good service, sports atmosphere, good appetizers, great food. I actually think this place has the best chicken fingers in town. They're thick, juicy, so flavorful! Mmm Delish!
4	This place has great atmosphere for sports. There are tv's at every angle, even tv's in the restroom; never miss a play. Service is still really good despite the fact this place is popping with customers. The customers are respectful of each other...as in, I don't think the place will get so rowdy that a fight would ensue. I give it a 4.5The food is decent. They have good appetizer and drink deals. I give it a 3.So if watching a game with a beer with the guys is your m.o. Hit this place. If food is your priority, I'd say eat here but don't expect to be blown away with flavor.
1	This place only caters to themselves. We have been sitting at the table for 10 minutes outside and no one has come to see if we want food or another drink. Did the Bloody Mary bar....
5	Great food and cold beer. The service here is great and the atmosphere can't be beat. If your looking for  a place to watch a game or have some good wings check this place out.
5	Love this place!!! Great food try the Prime Rib Sliders! Happy hour is always awesome great deals! Perfect place to catch the game. Great patio area and wonderful staff!
5	My favorite place to go have some drinks and enjoy some football. The spinich dip is amazing,Good prices on drinks and a great staff can't beat that.
1	We went here with high hopes looking for some bar food. While the staff were very friendly and helpful, the food was absolutely terrible. The Mozzarella sticks were cold and rock hard, and the marinara sauce was something right out of the freezer. Chicken tenders were very dry and left much to be desired. Stayy away from the ranch dressing, as it was very watered down. Can't say anything about the bar itself, but my fiance and I will probably never come back here when craving bar food.
1	Place is at a great location, few blocks down the road which is why I used to go here all the time. Food was way below par every single visit. Getting a better quality sandwich from McDonald's is easier than at this place. Old enough to drink? Cool, your drink will consist of 12parts filler 1/2 part any assortment of liquor. Asside from the food and drinks, this sports grill is great!!
2	The TVs are nice for hotels, not like Yardhouse or Blue 32 Sports Grill. They position delas to you (like 2014 Mug Club) but don't tell you it's restrictive on Monday Nights between 7 pm to 10 pm. This is a last resort place for me, now I walk in her and wonder what crappy new thing will happen .... On this Monday, they only have Coors light on draft ... this place is sarcastically brilliant!
4	A good spot to grab a craft brew and enjoy the game(s). The kids menu is small - but very generous.The Cali chicken sandwich is very good and loaded with fresh flavorful ingredients The wings are a bit different from typical buffalo - more a unique sweet and sour - very good. Our server was ver friendly, bailed the Bloody Mary and gave us all the dipping sauces a table could want. Ice teas were always full. Good spot, family friendly
5	I've been here twice now at different times of the day, each time was a great experience  my bartender made sure I had a cold beer in hand always and the food was always on point
2	The only good thing about this place is the beer. The food sucked. Our chicken buffalo dip was cold. The hamburger was well done when ordered medium rare. The "buffalo" wings were wings covered in sarrachi sauce. To the managers credit she comped the bad food. Will not be returning.
