4	This is an awesome place, kind of in the back woods of Las Vegas' "China"town. I went to Veggie Delight because I was hungry for boba (because I'm Asian), but continue going there because its so yummy and healthy.The hole-in-the-wall restaurant is owned and operated by a couple of Chinese Buddhists. The menu is 100% vegetarian. They have French-style sammiches, dumplings, spring rolls. They use tofu and meat-like substitutes. My vegetarian aunty sometimes complains that the meat substitute is "too meat-like." Is that a bad thing?Half my family are vegetarians or pseudo-vegetarians in search of good friendly restaurants.* off the strip, non-casino
4	After walking around the entire "chinatown" plaza in Las Vegas in search of a nail shop while waiting for my boyfriend to finish his optometrist appointment in 103 degrees, I was in need of a refreshment.  Walking into Veggie Delight (probably looking like a mad woman, sweating and huffing and puffing), I went up to the lady and asked for a large green tea and if they accepted plastic.  She was very nice and said that they did accept and promptly grabbed me my drink I ordered.  Even though I didnt order any food, the food looked pretty appealing.  Anyhow, the tea was great and she had made it exactly how i wanted... iced green tea with just a little amount of sugar. (i hate the oversweet green tea that most tapioca places make.. i mean, is tea supposed to be THAT sweet?!).  Well, the service here was good and the ice cold tea saved me in the blistering heat weather.  After taking the first sip, my overheated body felt quite normal again.
4	My wife and I have been wanting to try Veggie Delight ever since they replaced "Chicken Quick!".  For some reason we waited more than 5 months to do it, and when we did, we regret not coming here any sooner!I grew up in Taiwan, and while I am not a vegetarian, I enjoyed the vegetarian dishes a lot.  Most people here think vegetarian = salad, but not so in most Asian countries.One of the things I missed most is the "imitation meat" products.  I know that sounds questionable at best, but it's just really various soy-based products, sometimes mixed with flour, to produce a meat-like texture.  Take their Vietnamese Vegetarian Lemon Grass Beef Rice Noodle for example, if you weren't told that there's no meat in that dish, you probably would not notice the "beef" you are eating is actually made with soy, and marinated in lemon grass sauce.  This cold noodles dish will definitely freshen you up in the hot desert weather.My wife liked the Vegetarian Beef Noodle Soup, this is a Chinese style noodle soup that we are both familiar with, and she liked it a lot.  The soy-based soup base tasted surprisingly flavorful and complex without any meat in it.Eating here is especially fun for someone who is already familiar with the "regular" Asian cuisines, and see the kind of twists they put on each dish to turn it into a completely vegetarian or vegan dish (if you want vegan, you need to tell them in advance when you order).  One of such dish is the Vegetarian Basil Leaf Chicken, commonly known as "Three Cup Chicken" on most Chinese restaurant menus.  Their version of the dish, other than replacing the chicken meat with soy-product (which tastes just as delicious in my opinion), is to put it in a bed of spring mix.  A bold move, and surprisingly tasty.  They effectively turned this into a warm salad dish!This is a very small restaurant, with the capacity of about 10 people at most at a time.  Don't let the "Veggie" portion scare you away, the food is definitely good eats.  And if you are into it, it's healthy too! (But I only care about taste)
4	This is tucked away in the Chinatown shopping complex, don't blink because you might miss the restaurant!I came here for lunch - I had the vegan chicken Vietnamese sandwich, and ordered the Tofu Nugget appetizer dish in a flavorful soy sauce to accompany it. Both were really good - on the sandwich, the bread was fresh although not as toasty crusty as I usually like. The tofu cubes were pretty darn firm and enjoyable.Their menu is extensive with both Asian dishes and some sushi.Cute restaurant, super nice staff, good food!
5	Excellent!  I had a Boba drink, tried seaweed and had a soup with mock duck.  Delicious.  I think I'm leaning towards being a vegetarian.  However, that would mean no more carne asada from ghetto roach coaches.
5	My parents and I were walking around Chinatown when we stumbled upon this tiny restaraunt and it was delicious.  The prices were very low...where else can you find a yummy veggie sandwich for under $4.50.  My entire family are vegetarians so we ordered a few different dishes and sandwiches to share.  My favorite sandwiches are the egg and ham sandwich and the crispy chicken sandwich.  The pork shred handrolls are delicious with the crispy pork shred.  Dad order a beef noodle soup and said it was good but not great. Were not from the area, so whenever im in Vegas without my family, I'll pick up a few sandwiches to bring home for them.Although I do speak Mandarin, whenever, I go without my parents, I'll speak English to the ladies, it's just more comfortable for me that way, and they haven't yet messed up my order.
3	The food here is very bland, nothing special. But it'll have to do as there aren't very many veggie places in Vegas (as expected).
5	The pork skin spring roll, the fish steak, any of the sanwiches...just to name these few. Anytime I'm in Vegas I visit this little place. I've eaten here more than once in one day even. perhaps a bit of an overload, but i want to get my fix before I leave. I did have a bland soup once. That's okay though, just mix something else in it to give it a punch. A must when I visit Vegas!
4	Veggie Delight isn't much to look at, but they have great vegetarian food.  The decor inside is quite spartan, and we were the only patrons, but I didn't let that deter us.I had a delicious "pork chop" sandwich on a soft roll with a spicy carrot relish-like mix inside and washed it down with a refreshing coconut milk tea.  Jeeze, it was good!  I also sampled a little of my husband's vegetable and tofu dish, which was really yummy too.If you're looking for some fresh & tasty veggie food, check this out.
4	if you aren't quite sure what "hole in the wall" refers to, this place is a perfect example. the vegan- vegetarian menu is unique from any other in vegas, the staff (mostly asian grannies) are very friendly but don't speak good english but that ok.. this place is for adventurous people, its not very fancy inside but the food and service is worth the price which is reasonable cheap.  i hope they stay open for a long time.
4	Mock shrimp rolls are good and their version of pho and banh mi.  it's not really comfortable seating but, for the price it'll do in a pinch.
5	Amazing! Our favorate place! I highly reccomend the egg hand roll and Taro Slushie with Boba! This place is yummy, everything is good and the price is so reasonable.
5	Yummy to the tummy!!! This is such an awesome place!!! Come... my fellow vegetarians/vegans... I strongly suggest the "lemon grass beef" (of course it's not beef...that's just the name...). Some of the portions can be a little skimp, but you just have to know what to order. Reguardless, it is delicious!!!
5	The boba is always good and I can never remember the damn name of whatever food I get but the portions are always good, especially the soup (which I can never finish).
5	because of the blenders in such a small place and my small daughter (she just turned a year) I prefer to do carry out now...but the food and service here are always 100%. They are all always extremely friendly, my husband and i have been going there for years...i just wish they were in a bigger place so we would feel more comfortable with my daughter.
2	This place got pretty good reviews so I decided to try it when I was in Vegas recently. The menu was pretty cool separating vegetarian from vegan and they even included some pictures. I ordered the vegan pork chops with veggies. It looked nothing like the  picture at all.  I got a plate full up half frozen pea's and carrots in a watery sauce with some fake meat on top. It was not pleasant.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the people are very nice and the fried tofu appetizer was just okay.
4	Delicious fresh fruit smoothies and veggie food too.
5	I'm not vegan, but I play one on TV ... j/k ... seriously though, I am not vegan but my daughter is. I tend to review a lot of vegetarian and vegan places because I'm always impressed with the deliciousness of the food.That being said, I don't think my vegan daughter could have been more excited while reading the menu here. OMG, she squeals, "Please note that Veggie Delight is a strict vegetarian restaurant. We do not serve any meat or seafood items all menu items are made with soy or gluten products only."She ordered a Lychee slush that was delicious. We ordered the Veggie Shrimp hand roll Vietnamese style - fantastic! They made them vegan for us and even the meat eater among us (me) loved them.  My normal favorite item to order at the Pho place in Reno is the BBQ Pork with noodles so I ordered the vegetarian pork skin rice noodles here. It was really very good. I missed my hoisin sauce (or whatever it is called) and the rooster hot sauce, but they served it with a spicy hot sauce that was great. The 'pork skin' was very much like thin shreds of bacon bits (a LOT more tasty than some fake shaker bacon bits I've had too). It wasn't pork and I didn't expect it to taste porky, therefore it was very very good.My daugher and her boyfriend both had the Vegan crispy sandwich and loved it. They picked it apart a little, trying to figure out what it was made from and how they might reproduce the same at home.They had been told "there are not many vegan options in Vegas" and were concerned. After having found this place on their first night in town, they're no longer worried. All and all it was really very good.
4	Located a little ways off the strip in chinatown, this place is a gem for vegans who love cheap, Asian food. The staff is extremely pleasant and the food is excellent. The hand rolls and sandwiches are highly recommended (especially the crispy chicken for the latter.) Oh also, credit cards are accepted but there is a $2 fee.  I kinda hate paying those, as they're totally not allowed by visa/mc, but do you really want to call them out on it and get your food spit in ha?
2	I love vegetarian/vegan restaurants. There certainly aren't enough of them in Vegas. When I heard about Veggie Delight, it sounded just like Vegetarian Wok in LA, so I couldn't have been more excited to visit. I'm very disappointed to give the restaurant just two stars, but bad service easily rubs this hospitality student the wrong way.The food is great. It's delicious, attractive, and the portion sizes are good. However, the service totally sucks. The door was propped open, so I spent my lunch bundled up in my coat (it was 50 degrees outside--and in.) We didn't wait very long to order, but it did take a while for food to arrive. We ordered drinks and entrees at the same time. One person's entree, drink and my drink arrived in 15 minutes. Five minutes later, the third person's drink (water!) and entree arrived. Five minutes after that, my entree arrived. I don't know why they didn't bring the drinks out first, and the entrees together, but it's not fun to be the person awkwardly eating by oneself or watching one's food get cold to avoid offending other people at the table who are still waiting.The paper (takeout) menu says sandwiches come with chips, but when we asked, we were told it was only during certain hours. This is not noted anywhere on the menu and I can not believe they refused to spare a fifty cent bag of chips to make a customer happy. My entree was supposed to come with a "fresh vegetable" (noted on both the paper and in-restaurant menus) but I did not get that, either. I guess that's only during certain hours, too?Overall, the food is good, but not enough to overcome the lack of service.
3	I've been wanting to try Veggie Delight for a while, but when I think of getting Thai, we usually go back to our favorite Pin Kaow. A friend, who is not vegetarian has been urging me to check it out, so we finally made a plan to go visit this spot. Veggie Delight is in one of the many busy and crowded shopping centers in China Town. If I wasn't with a friend who had gone there before, I don't think I would have ever found the place. It was very clean inside, and the menu was very easy to navigate, and had many pictures that made the food look good. The menu is littered with entrees and sandwiches with fake meat. While I don't typically have a problem with fake meat, I was a little worried about this place because there are a lot of fake meat options. With dozens of options on the table, I decided to go with one that I used to get when I was still eating meat, the sweet and sour pork. The food did take a long time to come as other reviewers mentioned, and my food arrived 10 minutes before my friend's food arrived. The portion size was a bit small compared to other Thai/Chinese places I have been, but the food was good. The fake meat had a good texture and seasoning. While it didn't taste a lot like pork, it had a "bacony" hint to it. My friend had a chicken dish, and I was very impressed with the fake chicken. When I go back to Veggie Delight, I will definitely get a dish with the "chicken". The restaurant also offers many different types of drinks, which would also be very exciting to try. I hope to try them soon. When we were there they only took cash, which for being in Vegas is a huge problem. Before I settle on the 3 stars, I want to try again and see if they can bump me up to 4.
3	Veggie Delight offers vegan menu options, but they all cost a dollar extra than the vegetarian dishes. Why? In all other Buddhist vegetarian restaurants I've visited, most of the dishes are already vegan by virtue of being prepared in the 'pure vegetarian' Buddhist style, which eschews eggs and dairy. It seems mean and frankly kind of suspicious to be charging vegans extra for every single dish- just make everything (or the majority of the menu) vegan, as it probably is already, and charge everyone the same damn price. The food did not blow me away, and while it was filling, was certainly nowhere near the quantity I expected for the (special vegan) price we paid. I would like to try it again sometime, but I don't know if I can justify the extra dollar for something that is probably the exact same dish at a higher price.
4	This is one of the places that makes me wish yelp gave half stars- because this one was really on the fence. The food was very good, but the service really knocked it down a star. I feel bad saying that because the lady was really nice, but there was no real "flow" to how my meal was ordered or served. As others mentioned as well, the language barrier was difficult to overcome, but I did end up getting everything I asked for. I ordered a lunch special that came with a sandwich, soup and tea for $4.99. Sounded like a great deal! I also got an order of the hand rolls to take on the road with me, as I was about to trek back to Phoenix after eating. First, my sandwich came out, which I ate quickly as I was extremely hungry. I thought to myself "gee, maybe I shouldn't have gotten those hand rolls. I'm pretty full now..." Then, they came out. I forced myself to eat one because I wanted to try them, and they were very tasty. At this point, I figured she must have forgotten my soup so I asked for a to-go box for my remaining hand rolls. A few minutes later, my soup came out. It looked beautiful- carrots, broccoli, and cabbage in a clear broth. I devoured it, knowing I could use the nutrients after a weekend in Vegas. I was stuffed, but satisfied. I waited awhile for my check which never came, so I just ended up walking up to the counter to ring up. Somehow my meal ended up at $17 even though the lunch special was supposed to be $4.99 and the handrolls were $5.50, but I didn't feel like getting into it. I will agree with some previous reviewers that the whole up-charge for vegan items is pretty bogus. I seriously doubt that they have two batches of every kind of mock-meat, one vegan and one not. My gut tells me it's all the same. Also, the charge to pay with a credit card is pretty lame too. Again, this place was on the fence between getting three or four stars. They'll get four because the food was really good. I just hope they get a better "flow" to the whole dining experience there.
5	This place is a MUST for vegetarians. (Every meat eater I've taken there has raved about it too!) Tons of options. Some favorites: Basil Leaf Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and the Spicy Chicken sandwich. The fruit slushes are amazing! (I recommend watermelon, lychee, or passion fruit.) I can't help but go once a week for lunch.It's a small, sort of hole in the wall restaurant in Chinatown, but clean, with quality food. There is a fee if you pay with a credit card, so make sure to bring cash.
5	It's hard finding vegan restaurants in towns you know nothing about.  Luckily yelp came to the rescue.  The food was amazing.  I ordered the roast beef rolls which came out immediately and the duck soup which showed up right as I took the last bite of the rolls.  The two women working in there were extremely friendly.  The only thing I didn't understand is why it costs an extra dollar to make each meal vegan.  If you are vegan/vegetarian or just love eating new things I would say to check this place out.
4	My loving and amazing boyfriend decided to take me here yesterday and wow am I glad he did. There are not enough veg*n options here in Vegas so I'm happy in general that a place like this exists. Walking in, the place is tiny. Like, ridiculously tiny. Very hole-in-the-wall, but don't let it turn you off, the food is worth it. When we came in we were handed some menus and literally everything is vegetarian. They have faux-meat things that I didn't think you could faux, like duck, pork, and shrimp. Fascinating. I decided against being too adventurous (even as a meat-eater I stayed away from the three I mentioned) and ordered the vegetarian beef with gravy that came with rice and vegetables, and a sour apple slush. My partner in vegetarianism for the evening chose a curry dish, pork skin hand rolls, and a passion fruit slush. The slushes came out quickly and they were delicious. I will definitely come back for these again as a large is $3.50 and will be great on hot summer days. The plate of meat and veggies was HUGE, but lacking slightly. I would have liked to see more actual veggies and less filler. The amount of meat was decent enough though, and I was definitely full afterward. The boyfriend said he liked his meal as well, but even though his curry bowl was huge there was more liquid than produce in it. I would like to see better portions of the good stuff since the price was a little high. The food is delicious, and the portion sizes are big just a little more expensive than I would have liked, but still decent. And something I have come to find out more and more is to bring cash to Chinatown because 95% of the restaurants around are cash-only. Otherwise I am sure to come back here and try some more veg*n food!
3	I'm would actually give Veggie Delight just two stars, but I think the taste of the food bumps it up just a bit.  There aren't many restaurants in Las Vegas that are solely dedicated to serving vegetarian/vegan options.  So, I will be back - but they could honestly work on a few things.I was going to try to call in my order, because I don't live very close by and I was going to be taking my two year old niece with me.  I didn't want to have to place my order and have to wait with my niece in tote.  Anyhow, I called twice in a 15 minute time period, only to have the phone ring and receive a message that the voicemail system was not set up.  I didn't know if the place would even still be open - I thought that it may have possibly went out of business recently, since no one was answering the phone.I decided to venture out anyway and if they were closed, I would just have to find an alternative.  When we got there, there was a group of three dining and their food looked delicious.  So, I was excited to give it a try.  The place is very dingy inside though.  It truly is a hole in the wall restaurant, but I always worry about the actually cleanliness of the kitchen when a place looks that run down.  (could just be the lighting and linoleum!)The service was horrible.  When I walked in, the woman behind the counter immediately asked me what I wanted.  I politely told her that I would like to look at a menu briefly, because it was my first time there.  i was actually a bit confused, because there were so many "meat" options on the menu and I wasn't sure if the dish was actually served with real meat or if it was a meat substitute.  I'm not huge on meat substitutes.  I find that there are usually too many additives and sodium so I try to opt for something else.  I was very curious, however, and I really wanted to ask questions about the menu, but the woman was concentrating on balancing receipts and never looked up to help me.  I literally stood at the counter waiting right in front of her for two minutes before she looked up.We ordered the Lemon Grass "Beef" and the Tofu with Mixed Vegetables.  i asked for both entrees to be vegan, which you have to pay a dollar extra for.  For the life of me, i don't understand why I had to pay a dollar more to make Tofu with Mixed Vegetables vegan.We also ordered Watermelon and Lychee slushes. They were delicious and I slurped my down on the way home.  My niece really liked the Tofu and vegetables.  She thought it tasted like chicken.  I'm actually a very good, creative cook - but I also love dining out and love to see what places have to offer. I was disappointed, because I was really going to Veggie Delight to have a restaurant experience (even though I was ordering out. - anywhere else I order out, people at least smile and ask me if I have any questions about the menu!)  I could have made everything that I ordered myself.  I'll be back I'm sure...but hopefully, next time someone else will be working the counter!
4	This place is totally veggie, so I won't run through my usual spiel listing the few things you can get veganized!  But  here are the things you absolutely need to know:1.  It's mostly really good stuff, but not the best ever. Very heavy on the faux meats.  I like the vegan crispy chick'n banh mi quite a bit.2.  Expect to pay $1 extra for having any dish made vegan instead of vegetarian. Not sure what's up with that, but must be fake meat w/ egg whites vs. vegan ones?3.  Order more than one thing if you get a sandwich (sandwiches are very small!)4.  Be VERY clear with your server that you want your food vegan, your drinks made w/ soymilk, etc.  (sometimes there is a bit of a language barrier)5.  Get the banana-coffee-soymilk-slush thing.  It is SOOOO good.  Ok, I'm changing my rating to 4 stars just based on that drink.  It's that good.6.  One last thing - they take cards, but there is a fee, so you might wanna bring cash.
4	Delicious Vegan and Veggie options,  while dining with several friends it has always been a pleasant experience, despite the small awkward location.  The "pork" skin rolls are a must have, along with a Vegan almond boba slush.  For something more substantial, we like the spicy tofu with vegetables, request the brown rice it's hearty, and compliments the dish nicely.  The service is friendly, except they are so tight with the napkins it drives me crazy! Another fun fact is that they play the same soothing chant on repeat daily, not once have I dined without that song playing!  The decor is hilarious, yet charming.  I like to get it as take out before work, but the "pork" skin rolls are best eaten fresh, more crunch!
4	Lychee Slushie Boba. Extra Boba and Lychee Jelly. My standard mantra as I enter Veggie Delight.One of the only purely vegetarian establishments in Las Vegas, Veggie Delight is the savior of our weekly "what do we eat tonight?" predicament. Their Vietnamese sandwiches (pork chop, crispy chicken and spicy chicken) are amazing. They come in soft french bread and have mayo (or vegenaise), soy meat (trust me, it's good here) and a little pickled salad of sorts with cucumber, cilantro and carrots on it. It's a very filling and satisfying sandwich. They've started to offer their sandwiches as part of a lunch special. About 5 bucks for a sandwich, soup and hot/cold tea. Very very reasonable. Yes, this is not a ritzy place. It's actually very far from that. The staff here is seriously challenged with grasping the English Language and the menu ...not at all appetizing. But voila....the food they come up with is amazing, consistent and very satiating. Service is efficient (remember the language barrier but pointing to pictures on the menu helps lots).Our favorites are the following:Vietnamese Faux Crispy Chicken/Pork Chop/Spicy Chicken SandwichesBasil Faux ChickenTaiwanese Faux Beef Noodle SoupFaux Pork Skin Hand RollsFaux Spicy Chicken. All in all, this is a great everyday meal solution. Not too heavy, expensive or pretentious. And of course, their Lychee Boba is to die for. Remember to order it the way I do (See above).
3	I've been craving some gluten based Chinese/Viet food for a minute I decided to check this place out before paying my tailor a visit in the area. I decided on the "crispy chicken" banh mi, spicy chicken w/ veggies which arrived with a side of soup and rice. Picked up a mango boba slush which was pretty good, probably the best thing I had there. The banh mi lacked flavor as well as skimped on the insides, something I've seen so many banh mi spots do out here in LV. The spicy chicken entree fared a lil better, little bite sized chunks of fried faux chicken with cabbage and a variety of veggies, came in a distant second after my boba drink.The overall food at Veggie Delight is average and slightly over priced, but considering that they are one of the only games in town maybe it justifies their prices. I'd return for the drinks and maybe give their food another shot (I'd like to try their spring rolls next time) but not before trying out the handful of other Chinese veggie spots in town.
5	I crave their Veggie Black Pepper Steaks! Faux Meat texture is amazing, even to my carnivore friend who ate with me.In a cool part of vegas, less then 10 minutes from the strip in Chinatown!Here is a list of what I have tried here;*Appetizers:SQUID WITH SPECIAL SAUCE  (Pretty yummy but the squid is little plain)CRUNCH & SPICY CUCUMBER (Great sauce! Complimentary to munch on with other dishes)*Main Dishes:BLACK PEPPER BEEF STEAK WITH SPECIAL SAUCE(The BEST! Sauce is amazing, and vegan steaks are perfect! perfect consistency and taste almost like a desert, kind of a small portion though)MUSHROOM CHICKEN(good, but was a little heavy on the salt)SWEET & SOUR PORK STIR FRY(yum! great vegi porks are great and sauce is so good)*Drinks:COCONUT SOY MILK TEA(tastes like cinnamon french toast amazing!)MANGO GREEN ICED TEA(very sweet)PASSION FRUIT GREEN ICED TEA(sweet)I love this place and will continue to visit every time I find myself in Las Vegas, great food and fulfilling, great meal to have to recharge yourself in this crazy town):) Remember its cash only..
3	Nice..um...'decor'. Totally feels like a whole in the wall kind of establishment...wait a second...IT IS A WHOLE IN THE WALL KIND OF ESTABLISHMENT!!Yeah nothing too fancy, not a lot of seating so order to go or decide who your best friends are and leave the other suckers at home.Their Cash Only sign LIES!!! at the end of our little meal my friend and i freaked out cause none of us had cash that day but they took debit card so that sign LIES!!!Food was interesting I has the Bamboo Duck soup and it tasted almost close to real bamboo duck soup cept it lacked the body that you get from boiling duck bones and rehydrated bamboo shoots. Kind of ironic how the direct translation in Vietnamese for going vegetarian is 'eating bland' where as going back to meat is 'eating salty' The bamboo duck coup was exactly that bland. My personal taste to everything must be either heavily seasoned or a bit on the high blood pressure inducing side and to me this soup was about five shades on the bland side. Now when i say bland i dont mean it lacks flavor it had a bit of flavor from bamboo but lacked the salty and savory punch you only get some fish sauce. Oh and they dont use fish sauce here so dont expect none...The bamboo shoots that were in the soup were obviously canned and too little. The mock-duck "meat" had that taste of duck but it didnt last too long, texture was okay and there was also way too little of it. There was preserved pickled mustard but again so little that it was more of a tease then a garnish or an addition to the dish. Personally i wouldnt order this again and most likely wouldnt order any of the soups again.Why? Well for one i'm Viet and i know what these dishes are suppose to taste like to the point where i can try to recreate something with about 75% accuracy if i try it at home. Two in most Viet broths you need animal bones to get flavor, body, and aroma to soups these kinds of ingredients this place obviously cant use. and Three i'm not a vegetarian nor am i trying to be vegetarian i'm just curious to see how skillful this place is in mimicking tofu or mushrooms to resemble meat. Lastly Five, the backbone to most Vietnamese dishes is FISH SAUCE, we'll power our scooters with it and feed our babies with it if we could. This place doesnt use any and could give me an alternative so regardless of how close they can get something to taste like meat it's always going to be lacking that fish sauce.The tofu nuggets were complete different. pretty much sliced up tofu served in a sauce that's suppose to mimic a fish sauce caramalization reduction. It had the look and the color but wasnt thick or had that flavor but was good regardless. The tofu was also quite interesting. Between the two commercially known types of tofu (talkin bout silken and firm) this was a type i've never tried before, it was firm yet tender, and had a little play to it. It was close to meat kind of. Sort of like vietnamese fish paste that's been fried (oh gods how i miss fish paste that isnt pre cooked or formed into the shape of a tube...)Anyway If i'm in the general area i'll come back and give something else a try but it's very not likely i'm going to go out of my way to eat here. There's plenty of alternatives for omnivores out there.
4	I was thinking of giving it 5 stars but the soup we had was just OK.  I do have to say, their Lemongrass Beef is to die for.  Even their Crispy Fried Chicken was good too.  I haven't been much of a Pho fan, but what they serve is pretty good.  The broth was scrumptious but the beef was somewhat bland.  For a vegetarian/vegan place, we will definitely come back.  Next time, we will try their hand rolls and other sandwich offerings.  Skip the soup if you want tasty fake meats.  We might even try their bobas,  slushies, and milk teas next time.
4	For Boba, Veggie Delight is a winner! It was HOT HOT HOT and I was in Chinatown, craving Boba when lo and behold, I see the sign with its proud boba cup pulling me in with its hypnotic power. I ordered their Thai Tea Boba and it was simply divine and deep with flavor. I ordered a taro for my traveling chica and she enjoyed hers as well. I was so happy the drinks did not separate into layers. They stayed nice and uniform lasting all the way from the shop, to the car rental place to return the car, wink at sexy eye candy, and then to the hotel. And it was cheap too! FTW!
4	I have to say, their Ban Mi sandwiches are just awesome.  We went there again and ordered our sandwiches and also ordered the Pork Skin Hand Roll.  I just don't get where they acquire the fake meats.  They are so tasty and cooked well.  I loved the hand roll and all their sandwiches.  As I said, it is a hole in a wall.  We were unfortunate enough to sit by the wall.  I wish we didn't because we saw the crazy things on the wall.  I mean, don't they clean up after some splashes their food on the wall?  I also don't understand why the servers don't bring the checks when you are done eating and why on earth would they eat where their customers dine?  Even with my gripes about the place and the weird habits of the servers, the food is still amazing.  We rarely go out of our neighborhood to dine out, but we didn't mind going back to this place for their food.  That tells you a lot about their tasty meat alternatives.
2	I seriously don't understand the five star reviews. My food was about as bland as it gets. Its Vietnamese...the spices and herbs they normally use add terrific flavor. My meal here had none. Now, Jeff's on the other hand tasted like they dumped an entire shaker of salt on it. Ummmm, salt on Vietnamese?? Anyway, I'm here for the weekend and its the closest vegan joint, so I'll likely be back. I'll order the spring rolls...those, I liked. Sorry, but Vegas and vegans are not a good mix!
3	The peppered steak sandwich wasn't what I thought it to be, but it was good. A smaller portion then expected, although, the mixed veggie w/ egg and hot sauce hand rolls were divine!
4	Being that my boyfriend is a vegetarian, this is a restaurant we can enjoy together.  The food is absolutely delicious and we love their slush!  We will always be loyal customers but their customer service is a little awkward (language barrier) and the only reason they are not a 5 star.
4	I lOVE the crispy chicken sandwich served here! so good!! I tried the pho, but wasn't a big fan of it.The watermelon juice is really good too!There is no decor, but the food is pretty good for a veggie place
4	I had dumplings and the Vietnamese style veggie pork skin rice noodle salad. Both were vegan. Both were tasty! The noodle salad was full of surprises. It was a nice mix of veggies, noodles and sauce.
5	we're talking hole in the wall here. as in, if you weren't specifically on a quest for some irrefutably tasty goodness, you'd miss it. but, thanks to my dog-with-a-bone attitude toward food, the mister and me ended up here for lunch before heading home from vegas last week. all the happy eating sounds that had been missing earlier in our gastronomical excursions over the weekend? well, let's just say they came out with a vengeance here. good thing i'm long past being too shy to eat in front of the mister, as i was in full on devour mode, and the food here fully warranted it. the mister ordered a strawberry mango slushie, the veggie egg roll and the tofu with spicy veggies, whilst i selected the spicy cucumber appetizer and the vegan version of the tofu with spicy veggies. as soon as that plate of lovely light green cucumber chunks came out, swimming in that gorgeously red, intensely, irresistibly hot sauce, we both knew we were in for a treat. everything was exceptional, and they even brought us out more of that delectable sauce. all in all, a huge delight (and a huge relief, as the mister had, not 20 minutes earlier, been almost been lured by the faux chinese fast food lying, ready made, in vats, at caesar's...). thank you to the woman behind the counter at ronald's donuts who recommended veggie delight! i cannot emphasize enough how tasty everything was! if i lived in vegas, THIS would be my go to place.
4	Day 19 of vegetarian month...why didn't I come here EARLIER?? This place is awesome! Yeah yeah its a hole in the wall but what vegetarian/vegan can say no to a menu like this? After going through all the awesome Yelper reviews/recommendations I got a take out order of: Vegetarian pork skin rolls: I probably would've believed these were actually crispy pork skins if no one had told me. Great appetizer that was tasty but light. Vegetarian Black Pepper Beef Steak with Special sauce: This was great. The consistency of the protein was as close to beef as I've had at a vegetarian joint and the sauce was great. Vegetarian Fish Steak with Mixed Vegetables: They shaped the protein like mini filets of sea bass with black skin etc but it was still tofu in the end. Not bad but the "beef" was way better. Sauce was sweet which I wasn't so into either. I'm curious to see how they do shrimp and pork chops so that'll be what we go for next time. We'll certainly be back before Jan end since I am running out of home vegetarian recipes that are satisfying haha.
2	I love the sandwiches but this place has THE slowest service ever. That's all I can say about it. I've been there a few times but I'm not patient enough to return.
2	Ok, Let me start off by saying I'm not a Vegan or Vegetarian.  The food is pretty good and I'd probably eat there again.  I haven't been writing reviews lately but I thought I should share a bad experience.I've only been to the place once.  After eating our meal my friend and I noticed there was a sign on the door that said no credit cards.  Oops!  I never carry cash.  We ask the server if there is a nearby ATM.  The server said they would take my debit card.  Excellent, I thought to myself and gave them my debit card.  Payed the bill (signed the receipt) and took off.   (I did not enter my pin)A few days later I realized there was a big problem.  My bank statement showed a transaction of $500 the following day.  Then another $500 the day after.  I should note that I NEVER USE THIS CARD anywhere except at Chase banks to withdraw or make deposits.   I reported this to the bank and luckily they took care of it without much trouble.I just wanted to share my experience.   Whether it was intentional or not the truth is the problem stemmed from their payment process at this establishment.  Again, I do not use my debit card for anything other then banking transactions so you can make your own conclusion.
4	I am a very big fan of this place, the people are always really friendly, and the food is always awesome. My favorites are the lemongrass beef sandwich and the shrimp rolls. The only reason i don't go more often is that it is kinda pricey, but worth it once in a while.
2	This plaza has so many different eateries that you could do a food crawl and never leave the area. That is basically what I did today. After lunch at Thai Style Noodle House, my friend and I felt like getting boba, before going to Sunville Bakery. Being told that this place has the freshest tapioca in town, we thought it would be a good time to give it a try. I had originally ordered the durian,  the fruit that smells like feet, but they ran out. I then asked for the mixed vegetable juice, but the lady did not know how to make it. Eventually, I decided  on the avocado. At this point, I had thoroughly disgusted my friend with all my choices and she vowed to stay away from my drink, so bonus.  My friend had ordered the banana and was not overly fond of it. The rating is not due to the fact that they ran out, or the service was bad, but it was because the boba was too fresh or soft. The pearls at the bottom of my drink were piping hot and had no consistency or texture. As I began to chew, the surprise hit me, I felt no give as they disintegrated. On top of that, the smoothies had no creaminess to it. The sweetness was perfect, they do not use a sickening amount of syrup. Overall it tasted like fruit water with soft tofu.
1	I was very disappointed :-( I had been so excited to try this place especially because they have vegan "beef" soups and I had heard good things about the place. I did order the soup and it was so bland. The "beef" was made out of gluten which I don't mind because I personally love gluten but this kind was so spongy. I also ordered their Thai tea which was horrible! I'm always up for trying new vegetarian/vegan restaurants but this one I definitely won't be going back to again.
5	sweet and sour pork is amazing also if youre going to try a boba drink i would suggest lychee or strawberry
2	Judging by Kelly K's review I wonder if we even ordered the same sandwich. I would have been quite pleased if I had gotten ANY lettuce. Instead there were two tiny patties of faux, tough chicken with ONE strip of thin zucchini and a small sprinkling of shredded carrots and a few springs of cilantro. Seriously? It's a VEGGIE chicken sandwich. Don't be so cheap!We arrived around 2pm on a Saturday. It was packed inside at the tables and there were customers waiting on the side wall for to go orders. Everyone was there before us and no one had gotten their food yet. Then it became apparent why... the owner taking orders at the register was a hysterical mess! You could feel her tension and I wanted to cancel my order. We listened as new customers came in to order... she was so frantic she kept running back and forth to the kitchen fussing at her staff. Every time she would get part of an order written down she would go in the back, reiterate the order, come back to the register and ask the customer to repeat what they wanted. What in the hell was the point of her taking down the order to begin with?! A high school drop out could have handled this task with much less stress and ciaos. It was hot as hell inside. We would have ordered the veggie pho, but with the door open and the heat from the kitchen we decided against it. Also, there were half eaten plates of food left next to us the ENTIRE time we were seated and were still there when we left. When one of the tables next to us FINALLY got there sandwiches, they asked where there appetizer (you know... the thing that comes BEFORE the entree) was. The only up side of this excursion was that I got to see Teller (of Penn and Teller). Being a vegan, I REALLY wanted to like this place. Great concept, severely poor execution. Never again.
4	I've actually been frequenting this place for years from when I used to train BJJ next door at Sergio Penha's... We would come over as a hugr group after we were done training for Boba drinks that I always got without milk in them. It was therefore  weird to come here to check out the place for their vegetarian & vegan fare.. ALthough turns out the veggie shrimp rolls I had been in love with, were just that.. VEGGIE!!!So I decided to check this place out and have a full lunch hear with my food buddy, Ross.  He's not a vegetarian but very open so came with me to try it out..I of course ordered a strawberry Boba drink and started our meal with my fave, veggie shrimp rolls.. Ross was impressed by them as I knew he would be..I ordered the veggie mushroom chicken and he ordered the veggie pork chop; each with sides of rice. In spite of me almost ruining lunch by dumping my glass of water across the table, we jumped into the dishes tasting each one as they arrived at the table.Of the two, the mushroom chicken was my favorite. It had a yummy  brown sauce on it that I poured over my rice. I liked the fact that the pork chop had a last of vegetables surrounding it but was my lesser favorite of the two..Being that I am already a fan of this place, I have all the more reason to go now and sample more of their dishes... looking forward to trying out the veggie lemon grass beef next time!!if you're looking for a fancy upscale place to have lunch, this isn't it. but if you want some good food with that "hole in the wall" feel, you've found it!!
4	So, I have some serious love for this place. I'm from Hawaii and whenever I'm home, I am usually left to subsist on veggie sushi rolls, multi-grain bread, fruits/veggies and plain rice. If I feel like spending a fortune, I'll go to the local natural food store for my overpriced boca burger. Veggie-D basically takes a lot of those meaty plate lunches that are popular in Hawaii and they veganize it. They have "fish, beef, chicken" plates served with a small bowl of delectable multi-grain rice and a salad. I do enjoy their sandwiches(although tiny) and spring rolls. The only thing that I won't wholeheartedly praise are the portion sizes. I usually don't leave here feeling very full and that's probably a good thing since I have a bad habit of giving myself giant-sized portions at any opportunity. All in all, this place is perfect for getting my fix of local Hawaiian-esque plate lunches that I can actually eat.
4	At first we were a little scared of this place.  It wasn't because of the location, decor, or whole in the wall atmosphere.  It was because we had recently decide to cut back on eating meats and didn't know what the hell we were doing. When we first walked in there were a few earthy, hippie type folks.  (No offense to any earthy hippies out there.)  Which is something we are NOT used to.  We thought to ourselves, are we really gonna do this?  Yes, yes we did and I'm happy we made that decision.I've only been here twice now.  And both times I've ordered the same thing, a tofu vegetable mix with spicy sauce.  This place misrepresented spicy. This dish was F-N hot!  But oh, so very very tasty.  I'm hooked.  The tofu wasn't your usual boring bland tofu but rather a tofu that had minced vegetables in it.  The vegetables it sat on were mainly shredded cabbage (I love cabbage), green beans, broccoli, corn, and maybe some others.My hubby has tried a few of their other dishes.  But of course we can't remember what they were.  He liked them.I'll admit, our first visit the service was good.  The owner took care of us.  Our second visit was slow and somewhat unfriendly but none the less, we still enjoyed our food.  Too bad it's so pricey.  $9 for a tofu vegetable plate?  Really?  Anyhoo, this place is yummy, pricey, small (very small), and a bit awkward (for us).  But give it a shot and see for yourself.  I will definitely venture back for the spicy tofu dish and Thai Tea.
2	Too much of ingredients. Either it is tooooo sweet or toooo sour. Compare to LA veggie restaurant, this is far more expensive and food are too much of ingredient.
1	Do not go to this restaurant.Cons- bad food.  We got a tofu dish that was just pathetic for several reasons: 1) the watery sauce was salty beyond belief, 2) made with frozen vegetables, 3) tofu tasted like crap.  We also got a mock beef dish that contained enough food for half a person.  The mock beef was clearly frozen junk.- expensive given the quality and small portions.- vegan tax.  You have to pay more to make the vegetarian dishes vegan.  No reason is provided and I have a feeling that there is no good reason why the vegan one costs ~$1 more.- very bad service.  They don't pay attention to you even though the restaurant is small and there aren't many customers.Pros- The food didn't upset my stomach.If you want this type of food, go to a non-vegetarian restaurant and just tell them to make their usual dishes vegetarian.  It will be much better than the food here.
4	I really liked this place. I was in Vegas over the weekend. I'm a vegetarian,  and my bf is a vegan. I did some research before leaving Los Angles, and I had this place on my list. We tried it, and I think it was quite good. I got the mushroom chicken dish (vegan), chow mein (which wasn't called chow mein -- just ask and they'll tell you what to get), and the sweet and sour chicken (vegan). All of it was quite good. There was a lot of pepper on our food. It seemed to be the last thing that they put on, like some sort of a garnish or something. If you don't like pepper, or you're ordering for your kid like me, tell them to hold the pepper. My son really loved the mushroom chicken plate, even though I ordered him the chow mein dish, which I thought was pretty good. One thing to note, if you're trying to get there from off the strip: Coming off Las Vegas Blvd, on one side the street says Spring Mountain and on the other side it says Sands, just FYI. I only saw the Sands sign and went right on by it. After I turned around, there was the other sign right in front of my face. Annoying!  I agree with someone else about the Vegas strip, it was the worst for Vegans and Vegetarians. Sheesh! A lot of places didn't even have a veggie burger option. This place is a great alternative. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but, hey, vegan beggars can't be choosers! ; )
4	Good choice for inexpensive and quick vegan and vegetarian dining.  Outdoor table so the dog could come along.  In the heart of Las Vegas'  Chinatown.  Thai and Vietnamese influences - welcomed break from grabbing something at Whole Foods.  Appetizers to full entrees made either vegetarian or vegan with an emphasis on noodle dishes.
4	How do they make it taste like meat, smell like meat, n look like meat but the're 100% vegetarian n most dishes upon request can be vegan. We ate their sandwiches on French rolls, they were great! Leaves u wanting more because theyre on the smaller side. Their fruit smoothies are delish too. Only thing is they took a lil long for the order eventho no one else was in there, but great food takes time I guess lol
5	Excellent vegan food.  Crispy Chicken sandwich was delish!
4	Excellent asian vegetarian fare.  They'll make any dish 100% vegan upon request.  My kids absolutely CHOWED DOWN!  Would give it five stars, but there is a very strong language barrier.  They need employees that speak better English.  Please be patient with them, the food is worth it.
3	The food here does the trick, but it's nothing special. My crispy chicken wasn't what I expected, with basic chicken nuggets served next to a bed of watery, white lettuce and the sauce on the side. It did taste pretty good, but not great. The pork skin hand rolls were tasty with the hot sauce on them, but tasteless without. I thought the pork skins would have more flavor. We'll probably start going to Red Velvet instead.
3	The workers are really polite and friendly and my food was good.  I ordered the beef soup noodle... it wasn't pho tho, it was something else and I just can't remember what it was called.  The food was good, but not amazing and out of the ordinary.  It was a big/decent bowl and I couldn't finish it so I saved the rest for later when I'd be drunk and hungry.  The noodle bowl costs me I think $7-9.  It was different from what I usually have but not out of this world.  I'd probably come by again... maybe.  Really nice ladies working there though.
4	If you go vegan, you've pretty much removed any decent pho from your life. Well, places like this bring it back. It's not the best vegan pho I've ever had, but it's certainly always noteworthy to find a place that even does it vegetarian at all!I got the Vietnamese beef noodle soup (vegan), and my omnivore cousin got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup (vegetarian). I was surprised to learn that he LOVED the vegetarian beef, so much that he'd wished he'd gotten the vegetarian beef hand roll, instead of the pork skin hand roll. I got the shrimp hand roll, and I LOVE the sauce that they give you with it. It's slightly spicy and much better than the hoisin-like sauce that other places seem to give you when you order something similar.The prices were pretty decent, and on top of that, they have vegan boba! The place is easy to miss when you're driving by, but it's worth finding.
4	Yay more vegetarian/vegan food! Everything here is vegetarian or can be modified to be vegan. Love, love, love this place! I almost always order the Tawainese-style noodle soup. Occasionally, I will get a french sandwich. These ones are oh so falvorful. The pickled veggies are what add that zing to, what could be, just an ordinary french sandwich. The boba, however, is not real. What do I mean by real? I mean that they don't use real fruits. They use that fake boba mix stuff like at Lee's Sandwich. Ew. Other than that, I have never been disappointed. I still must try their Chakra Blend drinks.
4	I always eat with my eyes here. I end up being so stuff with a huge tab., so don't let the cheap prices deceive you; they add up. The best things are the sandwiches and the crunchy pork rolls.
4	Delicious vegan sandwiches and bubble teas, great variety on menu! My only complaint is small portions for price.
4	We stopped in here after reading the yelp reviews, and it is a really good place. The restaurant is pretty small, but the food was good.  We ordered the beef wraps, beef curry, and a beef and noodle vegetable dish, along with a durian slushy and banana mango smoothie. We had stomachaches eating at wahoos before, and this place is so much better. The price was good too, and I felt full after eating here.
5	If you are vegetarian or vegan, you really get tired of the obsessive meat and seafood feat all over the place. Here you can find some really original Asian dishes, most of them really good. Some of the dishes are mild flavored, so your experience will vary on what you get. Overall really fun experience for vegetarians with broad palette.
4	Vegan food is pretty hard to come by in Las Vegas (or as my Dad calls it, Lost Wages...har har) so I really want to support those few options that do exist!This place is truly a little hole-in-the-wall and a bit challenging to find. It's on the end of a long strip mall in what passes for a Chinatown in Las Vegas, which seems to be all different nationalities of Asian restaurants and businesses clumped together in one area. It's pretty lacking in the decor department, with fluorescent lights and all, and I did hear the monotonous monks-chanting soundtrack that another Yelper mentioned.The ladies who work there are very friendly and helpful, however, and the food really makes up for these other issues.I had "chicken" with mixed vegetables, with brown rice on the side. It was super-fresh and really delicious. The brown rice was probably the best I've ever had.My husband had the peppered "beef" and veggies, which was waaay to heavy on the black pepper...you pretty much sneezed just looking at it, but very tasty nonetheless.We shared the "chicken" loaf as an appetizer (bad name) which was good, but I'm not sure if I'd get it again.We took home some leftovers and they were even better the next day in that weird way leftovers have...I think all the flavors had time to meld together for a great result!They have a huge menu and next time I'm in Vegas I'll be sure to go back. So to sum it up:  if this place was in LA, where I live, I would go there all the time.Get your food to go!
4	Yes, every single thing here is vegetarian.  Yes, even if it says beef.  Yes, even the crispy chicken.Get the beef steak sandwich.  Soooo good.  I'd eat one of these every day if it were sociably acceptable.  And I lived in Vegas.  I deeply regret going halvsies with this sandwich.Also tried the shrimp with XO sauce.  It was good, but I'd try something else next before ordering it again.They have trillions of slushes and milk teas and all that.  I got the pineapple slush, it was quite refreshing.A sign says "cash only," but I used Visa before I saw it and they accepted it.Tiny place, could probably only accommodate 12 people or so.  Fast, friendly service.  Another great vegetarian place to add to my Vegas list!
4	Totally vegan/vegetarian.There are tons of great dishes to choose from, I got the shrimp with XO sauce which was okay but the XO was a little different than I am used to getting.  That is probably because there is no ham, scallop, or dried shrimp in it.  I also got to try the beef steak sandwich which was bahn mi style.  It was great.  I would definitely recommend any of their sandwiches for first timers.  I was not a fan of the boba slush I got.  I got the mango one and it was super sweet and all the boba got frozen up and wouldn't come through the straw, so I was left with a pile of rock hard boba balls at the end of my drink.  I got about 100 head freezes too.
4	Veggie Delight is tucked away on the side of Chinatown, facing Wynn street, so you have to park in the strip mall and walk a short distance there. The atmosphere is nothing fancy, and seating is limited (I would say 8-9 tables at most).Service is fast and friendly. My experience with the language barrier was difficult to come by, but given this IS in Chinatown, I'm not going to be hard on that. Ordered the seaweed salad with special sauce. Definitely the best quality seaweed I've came across yet; dark green, tied into little bows, and you can order the degree of spiciness at your whim (I decided to not have it spicy, and it was delicious in itself). Don't expect a big plate of this, it's small but small enough to take your time and savor.I also ordered the mixed vegetarian hand roll (Bo Bi). Two mixed hand rolls with a spicy dipping sauce to spoon on, absolutely delicious! Finished it off with an iced green aoole tea with boba, and I have to say I've never tasted green aoole tea before, but now because of Veggie Delight, I'm hooked on it!Word to those unfamiliar with vegetarian/vegan diets: Don't expect the entrees or items here to be large. This is a perfect place for a light healthy lunch, and the small plates are a mechanism for you to slow down and savor your bites.* (By the way, despite how a lot of stores in Chinatown accept cash only, they did accept my debit card! I would bring spare cash just in case for tip!)
2	This place was nothing special, in my opinion. The portions were on the small side, it took FOREVER for our whole party to be served and the food didn't even stand out, taste-wise. Maybe it was just an off night and maybe it had to do with the fact that there were close to 15 of us there for a party, but I just wasn't impressed. I didn't order a smoothie but some of my friends did and they really liked them. I would be willing to give this place another chance next time in Vegas but with so many other veggie places that I DO like, this place probably won't get another shot.
5	Discovered this place last week, and have already been back.  I took two carnivore friends here who loved it, too.All four of the dishes I have sampled here are great.  The prices are low and the serving size generous.  I found the service to be friendly and really quick, too.  I have a feeling I will now be a regular at Veggie Delight.
5	Now that I'm living back on the westside where I belong, I had to find new vegan restaurants. The first one I tried was Veggie Delight and all I can say is I hope the rest of the Vegan restaurants on this side of town are half as good as this one. Better yet, I may not need to even keep looking because this place has it all. It's like an Asian Red Velvet Cafe, everything on the menu can be made Vegetarian or Vegan. All 3 entrees we got were amazing, I can't wait to go back and try something new.
3	The chicken sandwich was amazing! I can't believe its not chicken! It tasted just like chicken. It also had a nice crisp outter breading and a tender center. I was also glad that their hoagie bred wasn't tough or hard also. for some reason I'm a bit traumatized when it comes to bread and asian food places. I'm always scared that the bread will be too hard to bite into, but hoorah! The sandwich was magnificent.I wasn't too fond of their spring roll unfortunately. It was very dry and tasteless. I love my fresh spring rolls, but this one just didn't do it for me.I spent about $15.00 for my sandwich and my spring rolls which wasn't too bad. The interior is what you would expect of a typical asian spot, but I'm not too sure if I'd be too fond of dining in. The service was ok. They were very attentive and friendly.
5	Cute little vegan/vegetarian restaurant tucked away in Chinatown.  There was nobody here when we showed up and we didn't really understand why because the prices are good and the food was excellent.  I didn't get a chance to try the slushes but I will have to next time as I hear they're excellent.  I got the beef steak dish and it was delicious, and my wife loved the curry.  With good vegan spots being fairly limited in Vegas, it's nice to know places like Veggie Delight really stand out.
3	Vegetarian/Vegan selection is unbeatable. The atmosphere here is a disaster though. The chairs are uncomfortable, the tables are small, the whole eating area is cramped. Good place to stop for a togo order or some boba tea or vege juice.   The menu is very poorly done. EVERYTHING on it is vegetarian and vegan but NONE of the items have a description. I ordered Crispy Vegan Chicken with x/o sauce and rice, Expecting a chinese style dish. What I got was Vegan Chicken nuggets with dipping sauce, side of rice, steamed broccoli. It tasted good but was not what I expected in any way. Be sure to ask questions on your order and get what you want.
3	It was good, but a lot of oils and sauces. I really want to find raw veggies. Not cooked, greasy wanna be meat substitutes, might as well go to McDonalds.
4	Although I am not a vegetarian, I stopped by for lunch anyways. The veggie places I've ate at up to this point have been ok at best but veggie delight seems to outshine them all. They serve standard Asian noodle and rice dishes as well as sandwiches and rolls. I tried the spring roll, and avocado and crispy chicken sandwich. The roll had faux beef and the sandwich had faux chicken of course. While I was able to detect that they were not actually meat, it was pretty tasty anyways. The sandwich and rolls were actually above average for the Asian places I've been to.Another point is that I spent about twelve on myself which is not bad compared to other veggie places. They are cash only, so come prepared.
5	Awesome!  I had the beef and mushroom fried noodle B12 without the "beef."  I ordered it spicy without oil and it was great.
5	Crispy chicken in special sauce w/vegetables is awesome!  I love this place!  The portions are large and it's one of the few all veggie/vegan restaurants in Vegas!  I highly recommend!!
4	I really liked this place. However the menu was extremely difficult to understand, and they only take cash. Other than those two things the food was quite good, and the watermelon slush and thai tea were super delicioso. I will return. Try the spring rolls, only if you already know you like spring rolls. I liked them very much. The atmosphere is meh... nothing special, but clean.
5	For vegan gluten free food this place is great!  The price is decent and the owners are sweet.  They make your food fresh so it takes a little longer to get it.  I love love love the bobas!  They have so many different flavors to choose from!  The tofu veggie stir fry is out of this world good!  They have a large variety of "meat" which kinda scares me because fake meat is not always tasty, but they add spices and cook it just right to make it taste like chicken!
5	Don't let this place fool you...this is the only place to get Vegan and Vegetarian Chinese food and love it! Sooo good! I do the Pork Rolls, Noodles, the mixed tropical drinks. Sooo goood!
4	We ordered fresh spring rolls with egg and hot sauce, the mushroom sandwich and the Taiwanese-style beef noodle soup. Adhering to Buddhist principles, they cook their food without onions or garlic. Although it is a vegetarian restaurant, they do offer vegan options. They have an amazing selection of Vietnamese sandwiches and spring rolls.Everything we tasted was cooked well. The rolls included warm rice noodles and egg which was a pleasant contrast to the cold iceberg lettuce and bean sprouts. The sandwich had more vegetables than mushrooms, but with the sauce and fresh roll it satisfied. The beef noodle soup was excellent. Not too salty or oily and noodles just right!Eight tables provide enough seating for sixteen people. It was clean, but felt crowded in a tight space. The staff have friendly smiles.
5	My favorite place to go for cooked vegan food. The food is light, not weighed down with oils and salt. My favorites are the spicy sandwiches, and the Mushroom and Pork Fun Soup.
4	as a meat eater.... this was pretty good. i came here because my friend was vegan lol. so its strange to me to imagine eating meat but its soy lol. what we ordered!beef rollfried pork skin rollchicken avocado sandwich curry pork sandwich.it was all vegan except for my curry pork sandwich lol but it was vegetarian. i thought everything was pretty good except for the fried pork skin roll... if the pork skin wasnt fried into shreds it would probably be better, i felt like i was eating super fried french fried that shrivel up lolmy friends chicken avocado sandwich didnt look too appetizing to me so i didnt try it. my curry pork sandwich was tasty. but i got hungry within 30 minutes cuz it was all vegan/ vegetarian lolOH we also order thai tea boba. i wanted mine regular but instead i had soy in it.... it wasnt the same for me cuz it wasnt creamy lol. but its still good. it is hard to find vegan food in vegas! i think i'll come back only if im with my vegan friend or if i want to lose weight haha!
2	I ordered a vegan chicken dish and when it came to the table it was a side of white rice, steamed broccoli, and chik'n nuggets...not impressed!
4	Ate here with a group of omnis, and everybody loved the food. The crispy chicken sandwiches were tasty but very small. I had the lemongrass beef with cold noodles: flavorful and not too heavy. I'll be back to try other items when I'm back in Vegas. Service was a bit on the slow side hence the 4 instead of 5 stars.
5	I come from a city where it's rare to find a vegetarian restaurant, so when I saw a vegetarian Chinese food joint, I knew I had to check it out.It's a cute little hole in the wall with really friendly owners. I ordered the beef noodle soup (basically beef pho) & spicy/crunchy cucumbers. The cucumbers were delicious- just like a dish I use to order often in China. The beef noodle soup was so tasty & fresh. The fake meat freaked me out a little because it tasted so real (or tasted what I think meat tastes like.. ha).It was a great experience & I'm glad we got off the Strip for it.
4	Fantastic all-vegetarian and optional vegan Chinese food. Not your typical veg Chinese, too - it's really authentic with varied regional recipes. They even have durians for smoothies! This place is not impressive outside or inside, but the food choice is so good it's worth a visit.
5	We became vegan about one month ago and started our search for vegan-friendly restaurants in Las Vegas. We hit the jackpot when we found Veggie Delight. The food is amazing, creative and we can't wait to go back to try more dishes.The waitresses are helpful and great at making suggestions.One waitress could quite possibly have had the nicest smile I have ever seen.The ambiance iis strip mall-y and the flourescent lighting isn't ideal but you get over it quickly with the very endearing and soothing waterfall feature which covers one wall. The chef was the hit of the night. He came to every table handing out non-meat "beef" samples which was unbelievably good. He also stopped again at our table to to see how we were enjoying our meal. We had a wonderful conversation.Can't wait to go back!
5	Awesome veggie food! Well worth a taxi ride from the strip if you are vegetarian!
3	I expect a little language barrier. I expect the place. I expect some decent quality food. I got all those things. That's all fine. But I think it's just alright. Why? It's expensive for what it is. Vegan/vegetarian or not, it's a lot.Bahn mi should not be this expensive. I was $9 in with a drink. That's a lot. Now, I'd say "worth it" if the sandwich was packed full of awesome ingredients. It was not. It was as dismal as Lee's (that's harsh in my mind, but true). Again, it wasn't bad, but not worth the extra. Especially considering it was empty in there and the people running it were reading magazines and doing crossword puzzles.Would I be back? Not sure. I have no doubt there are better items there. I did enjoy my drink, and it is family owned it seems. I'll have to be back to judge better but for now, I could have done better with $9.
5	I find myself in Vegas pretty often for work, and every time, I make my way to Veggie Delight. I happen to think it's the best vegan restaurant in the country, but admittedly, I've never been here when I wasn't in the deep, deep fog of a Vegas hangover. The food is fresh, the menu is ridiculously extensive, and THEY MAKE FUCKING DURIAN SMOOTHIES. The fake meat is amazing in flavor and consistency, and there are a half dozen places to get a post meal rub-n-tug within a block of this little gem.Seriously, you're in vegas. You are destroying your body with every well vodka you pound, every line you snort, every molly you pop. The least you can do is eat some healthy comfort food.
4	My wife and I stopped here on my last visit to Las Vegas to get carry-out. First off, the place is hard to find. The strip-mall in which Veggie Delight sits is packed. It's on the end by the shopping light, around the corner from the main strip. It has all the charm of an asian restaurant in a strip mall but that's fine because we're not there for fine dining.We went with some noodle dishes and pot stickers. The stickers were great: not too mushy and full of flavor. Our noodle dishes were both very good, though we couldn't figure out who's was who's, so we just shared. Honestly I don't remember what we got (Beijing noodles and something else perhaps?). Each of our dishes was neither too spicy nor too salty.Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.
4	veggie delight is great veg find in a meat-centric town.  thank you for again showing me the way, yelp!pros:- all vegetarian- cheap, depending on what you order.  this is vegas, after all...- tasty, fresh, and very unique food- pleasant servicecons:- location is a tough to find, and you absolutely have to drive to it (note: just because it's on wynn road in NO WAY means it's located near the wynn!)- very casual atmosphere... clean, though- slight language barrier, but friendly service once you realize this- weird dual pricing depending on if you want your dish vegan (more expensive) or vegetarian (cheaper for some reason).  when i asked our server what the difference is, she replied "dairy".  dairy in chinese/thai/viet food?  that seems odd... especially when you see the menu items.based on all the yelp love, we ordered the veggie pork skin rice noodle salad.  holy shit, this was AMAZING!!!  super flavorful, crispy, full of fresh veggies, and not heavy.  yum!!  we also ordered the basil chicken because i just love this kind of dish.  it was really good and came with fresh vegetables, including broccoli, carrots, and snap peas.  we requested brown rice with it instead of white rice and some hot sauce on the side.  delicious!   both these dishes were very unique tasting, and the pork skin noodle salad was unlike anything i've ever had or seen.  we finished everything and left with happy, full bellies and ready for a night of boozing, gambling,and other unmentionable activities.  ;)looking forward to coming back next time we're in vegas!
4	I dig the food here, and I'm not even vegetarian or vegan. It just feels like a healthy choice and everything is super tasty.The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because there's a little racial preference thing going on here. We visited twice during our week-long stay in Vegas, and BOTH times they gave preference to Chinese people who showed up after us while we were waiting to be seated. Groups would show up, speak in Chinese, laugh a little, and then would be seated immediately. On both of our dinner visits, we had to wait approximately 15 to 20 minutes for a table.I figured it's possible that these Chinese guests had made a reservation. So I tried to make a reservation for our second dinner trip and was told that they could not give me a reservation. Do they only give reservations to Chinese people? Not sure. But other than this weirdness, the table service was good and the food was excellent.
4	healthiest place to eat in vegas? if not, then what is?party hard, eat well.
4	This is the closest thing to mom and pop vegan restaurant I can find in town. Always real nice and u can see that the family makes everything. Everything can be vegan and I haven't found a single dish I don't like! Many dishes r simple... I love the curry chicken sandwich.. I can enjoy this place breakfast ( fresh fruit slushed) lunch ( sandwiches ) and dinner ( main course with brown rice ) !!!! A must visit! The only reason I gave 4 star is sometimes they can be slow on service. Haha.. But they accept card compared to the rest of china town who won't! ;)
5	This place is fabulous!! Went here for the first time with 3 carnivores (I'm the lone veggie) and everybody left happy! The hand rolls, crispy "chicken" sandwich, pho, and Hawaiian style fried rice were all amazing. Can't wait to come back for more!!
5	I'm vegetarian, and I like the vegetarian food here.  I eat here once every two weeks.  Price is affordable and the waitresses are friendly.  The ambiance and atmosphere is relaxing and soothing (there are sounds of streaming water in the background)My favorite dish is the faux fish steamed with black bean sauce.  I also get the fresh coconut for dessert!I have to tell the staff to use less oil, salt, sugar on my dishes - I think they try too hard to satisfy everyone's taste buds.
5	OMG this place is delicious!! Far exceeded all expectations and I will absolutely be back! The basil leaf chicken and bean sprout chicken are both incredible... Seriously, get them. Need an appetizer too? Get the dumplings, you will not be disappointed. Did I mention this place is amazing?!
5	Came to try something different in Vegas. It was a quaint little restaurant tucked in the Chinatown community. Food was really awesome (for being vegetarian/vegan). I would definitely come back. I had their Curry [non]Beef plate.  Loved the flavors. I recommend it for a light meal. The curry [non] beef soup is also a must try. It's a big bowl by the way. Try the hand spring rolls too.
2	Went here on 12/28/13. Had a Thai Ice Tea. Didn't taste right. Would never go back here for the Thai Ice Tea. Not sure about the food though.
5	A trip to Vegas isn't complete without a trip to Veggie Delight. This is Vegetarian/vegan food done right! We have tried several different dishes and have never been disappointed.
5	Veggie Delight is delicious! Many spots that look like this aren't nearly as good. We arrived as they were closing and they re-opened to feed us despite our pleading that that wasn't necessary. And every dish was stellar. I recommend the Singapore noodles and the Pepper Steak. And vegan boba, duh. Very affordable and close to the strip.
1	As far as the food is concerned it looked and tasted unhealthy. I had the pepper steak, chicken diced with vegetables, and steamed dumplings. Everything was fried ( except for the dumplings) and the fake meats were too soft and tasted cinammony. Very strange flavor. I couldn't eat it. Waste of moneyI should have known better**The service was good.  I wont come back again. :(
5	We love this place. The basil chicken, and the lemon grass beef - fabulous food, lovely ladies that run the place and they have boba too! Each time we visit Vegas, we make it a point to have atleast one meal a day here. The quantity is plentiful, the dishes well made and the spices well balanced.
4	If you're looking for a quick & tasty vegan spot for a quick bite, stop here.Veggie Delight is probably one of the smallest places I've been to but the food is delicious. It is very hole in the wall and only has about 8 tables so if you have the time, I recommend calling ahead and taking your order to go. Other than that, I have never been disappointed with their food. Chinatown has a lot to offer and this is one of the best!My order always starts off with a Boba or Fresh Coconut to drink, vegan spring rolls & an order of soup or bahn mi. My favorite soups are the tomato or lemongrass beef. I'm usually not a big fan of fake vegan "meat" since I am rather picky when it comes to texture but Veggie Delight does it right! My favorite bahn mi is the vegan with avocado. The bread is a good, fresh piece of french bread, topped with pickled vegetables, cilantro, jalapeno and tofu. I also add extra sriracha to mine but that's just because I love super spicy food. Yum!This restaurant is friendly to kids. However.. If you do plan on bringing kids here,  Remember that at this kind of place, it honestly depends on what your kids are like and willing to eat. For example, I have brought my nephews here many times ( They are 4 and 6 ) and they love it! They've also been exposed to eating healthier, vegan friendly or even exotic foods like Thai Papaya Salad or Sushi so keep this in mind if you're bringing a kid with you. If your kid turns their nose up at veggies or is an extemely picky eater, they probably wont like this place much. If all else fails, buy the kid a healthy but disguised as dessert fruit slush and call it a day :).
4	Everything was so delicious and fresh tasting! Very pleasantly surprised and not oily. I had the Vegan Beef Pho Soup, we shared the crispy pork skin spring rolls, and My husband has the Hawaiian Style Fried Rice. We both ordered the Thai Tea but O asked for mine Vegan. Wasn't to thrilled with it, tasted like watered down Thai tea. It was missing the creamy balance. I think it would have tasted better mixed with almond or soy milk. But other then that, everything else tasted great. I will definitely be trying a fresh papaya smoothie next stop here instead. Pro:-great service. A little bit of a language barrier but they were patient and kind.  -Sign does say Cash Only but they do accept card-Delicious flavorful food. -nicely seasoned broth and delicious "fake meat" I am not a huge fake meat fan but from what I tasted, they were able to make it taste very enjoyable and well seasoned. -Hawaiian fried rice had a nice smokey deep flavor that is sometimes hard to find in vegan food and it appealed to my husbands meat and potato kind a guy taste buds. -Many options to choose fromCon:-Very small place-if you base your taste bud senses off of decor, you ain't gonna find it here, but looks are deceiving-We noticed another table waited quite some time before there food arrived.
4	Ordered: Hawaii style fried rice, black pepper beef, crunch fried spring roll, Thai iced tea, coffee iced tea Service was friendly, food arrived shortly Liked this place because I don't eat red meat and I could actually order ANYTHING on the menu. Very liberating!! LOL.
4	Easily the best Asian vegetarian/vegan spot in Vegas. I've been coming here for years now & the food never fails. The dumplings would have to be my favorite dish simply because the sauce that accompanies it is so tasty.. Definitely a must-try! I do not recommend coming here during rush hour since Chinatown gets pretty claustrophobic especially in this particular area.
4	At veggie delight the boba drink options are delicious. They have plenty of options to choose from that give you a great selection for your after meals treat. The vegan sandwiches have a nice Asian flair the prices are reasonable.
5	Great for vegans/vegetarians!!! This is my first time in Las Vegas as a vegetarian and I was unsure about the options I would have for meals...boy, was I glad my boyfriend found this place! This meal zapped away our hangovers and got our bodies up and running again. Delicious food!!! Spicy chicken is SPICY! but it was so good I couldn't stop eating it. Also, their fruit slushes are fantastic!! If you are vegan/vegetarian don't miss out on eating here during your Vegas stay....we will definitely be coming back!
5	I came here a while back and fell in love.  Great food! Quaint store space.Their boba tea is ridiculously good.  Last time I bought 4 just because I liked them so much. I had the crispy chicken vegan last time, amazing. I had the bean sprout chicken vegan this time, which is pretty good but I would choose differently if I could now. I've had the taro boba tea w/ soy.  Amazing.  And their Thai style tea is awesome too.
4	The names of the dishes and looks may fool you but there is no meat here which is great if your a true vegan or vegetarian. I also love the Taro slush I get one every time with no Boba. Vegan style uses Soy milk.
5	Portions are quite big. Great off strip location close to hotel Rio. Only 6 tables but excellent food! Vegetarian or vegan option. Bargain!
5	Vegan paradise
4	Came here once before and really enjoyed it, so we came back.  This time we ordered the Vietnamese vegan sandwiches, I ordered the spicy chicken and he ordered the crispy chicken with avocado sandwich.  I didn't read the menu posted on the wall before I ordered, I just ordered off the regular menu so didn't know what came in the sandwiches.  I don't really like pickles or too much pickled items but don't mind a little daikon, shredded carrots and cilantro in my sandwiches.  My sandwich had some pickled peppers or pickled something which I had to take out.  I liked his crispy chicken sandwich much better.  I probably would've enjoyed my sandwich a lot more if the sandwich had cilantro, which I didn't realize it was missing until I was done.i also would've probably enjoyed the sandwich more if it came with some sort if side, either some sort of fries or veggies or soup...just something, my sandwich looked lonely. But I did give an extra star for the fact that they have a soy milk option for their boba drinks, nice!
4	If I had the power to move mountains, my first item of business would be to pick up this little place and move it from Las Vegas to Maryland. As high-profile as our hotel's restaurants were, the availability of eating options for non-carnivores was lacking. Me being just under a few months old as a vegan, I thankfully was able to trust in my handy dandy Yelp app to locate vegan/vegetarian places in the area and was led to Veggie Delight. At first I was a little confused reading the menu because all over it I read options with the words "chicken, shrimp, beef, pork" in them. After looking at the pictures and reading the reviews, I was even more excited to learn of and even more anxious to experiment with several of the meatless options and see their take on carnivorous selections. I was tickled at the fact that it likened many of the Chinese carry outs I'm used to in that they boasted Chinese and American cuisine. Had they've included soul food, I surely thought I was back in Baltimore.I purchased the Basil Leaf Chicken entree, Spicy Chicken sandwich, Pork spring roll and Shrimp spring roll. My least favorite was the basil leaf chicken. I could barely finish half the container, it had way too much ginger in it. The meat used in it was also not cooked as thoroughly as I would have preferred. It needed to be crisp as opposed to soft and rubbery as the meat seemed to squeak while chewing. My favorite was the chicken sandwich. There's this carrot mixture they use as a topping/spread and the seitan had a nice spicy sauce/marinade that was a great match to the sweet tasting wheat roll the held it together. For the price paid, I would have liked a bit more of the "chicken" mixture but if you were eating this with any type of side (chips, etc) you would be satisfied. As far as the spring rolls were concerned, what the other Yelpers stated holds true-go for crunchy!!!  The rice paper wrapped round the rolls became sticky and hard to maneuver without everything falling all over the place. It's unfortunate that the shrimp roll doesn't come crunchy. Perhaps some suggestions should be made to them about this. The contents inside were great matches though and the shrimp substitute was delightful. The pork roll had some type of mushroom appeal to it but the color matched and the taste was convincing once you poured the complimentary chili oil on it. I also purchased an avocado slush and boy was it delicious! The variety in both flavors and milks (soy or almond) they offered was great and the cups they serve the slushes in are vacuumed sealed so as to prevent spillage. Veggie Delight is quite a treasure and I will surely be back the next time I visit Vegas.
5	They have a vegetarian and a vegan menu.. just when I thought it was all the same.. its not! The products they use differs on your liking. They use say-tan (spelling?) for mock meat and tofu sometimes. I was very nervous coming here for my first time because I thought it would be tasteless and disgusting... ohhh boy, I was wrong! This has to be one of my favorite spots in Chinatown. The flavors, the style... its so delicious! For a meat-eater myself, I wouldn't have known that the meat was mock meat!! I am hooked!! This place is a must try and it makes you feel so healthy :)
5	Veggie Delight very great cooking and good flavor foods, fresh and clean.I love it.
4	Again my husband liked this Asian restaurant better than I did. It was little too bland for me. I'm Asian so I need rich spicy flavorful blend of spices.
5	The veggie curry chicken with potato is life-changing. 5 stars. Veggie fish also isn't bad.
5	Great veggie foodTried the veggie fish  and chicken sandwich Both were goodMango slush was not that great. But definitely worth the penny
4	This was my first experience with"meatless" meat and I must say it was very delicious.  The veggies were crisp and the flavors were vibrant. I would highly recommend. They offer both vegetarian and vegan options  the only problem I had was the combination rice dish was a little oily. I'm totally going back!
5	I have got to say they impressed me did not taste at all vegetarian great service friendly staff fresh food and drinks are awesome I love the food here a must try if you are in town..
4	It's a hole in the wall small veggie house. It features am extensive drink menu: boba, iced smoothies, teas and coffees etc. Watermelon smoothie is really good! These are the must try items: spicy chicken, Taiwanese beef noodle soup, finally the spring rolls. It's healthy and it's vegetarian, please note they do have Vegan items as well.
2	I was super excited to try this place out, and the result, alas, are these 2 stars. I should say though, I am willing to go here again and give it another try. It's possible that the item I ordered, the Beef Curry, is simply one of their weaknesses (however, after looking over some of the other reviews, it seems that the problems I had with the food were the same problems others wrote about, so...): basically, the problem is the food was bland. I mean, it was supposed to be Indian Beef Curry, and there wasn't even a hint of hot spiciness, not to mention, the sauce wasn't particularly curryesque either. Judging from the stacks of magazines and reading material on the shelf by the door, it should be noted that the primary clientele of this restaurant are probably asian buddhist vegetarians. Just a note in response to some other reviews that primarily criticize the service. They need to be judging the service in the proper context. This is not a place for vacationers to have their feet kissed while being served.
5	Glad I found this place. Always looking for a vegan meal I was happy to find this in Chinatown. Items can be ordered vegan or vegetarian. We ordered the black pepper beef which was phenomenal, the chicken in special sauce, yum, and the braised tofu. Everything was very tasty, served up quickly and ample water service ( that is a big deal for me). Small eating area, asian tacky decor but a great casual place to go.
5	You can make anything vegan and it's delicious! Thai tea with soy milk was the bomb! Tastes exactly like regular Thai tea but without the stomach ache
4	Good even for non-vegan diners! Cute, little place with kind waiters and fairly extensive menu to please many tastes. Only complaint is that the menu isn't quite clear  for individuals who don't know what wet noodles or fun is. Doesn't really matter, because there's no bad choice!
4	The milk tea here was awesome! I am usually not a hard critic on milk tea, I think it is all the same, but this one was definitely really very good. Only downside is the boba was not good :(
4	This is the place to get vegan banh mi! Their popular crispy "chicken" sandwich is the one to order. If you're not into soy, they make an avocado sandwich that is very tasty. If crispy "chicken" and avocado had a baby, that would be the best combo! Ask to see if you can mix the two. Or order both and mix it yourself like I did. :)I like getting their Thai iced tea. They have soy milk options!I hope they open more places like these in LA. The ladies that work here do not speak English well so make sure they repeat your order if possible. Although the one time they misheard us turned out to be a good mistake. We ended up trying something delicious that we would have never ordered.
1	I'm from out of town and I am a vegan. I ordered the fish filet sandwich and my friend ordered the spicy beef sandwich. We ordered the dumplings as an appetizer. The dumplings were good, we asked for extra sauce though because it was good and we didn't get enough. Then, we get the sandwiches...the waitress gave me the beef and my friend the fish. We told her it must be a mistake, she assured us. We were confused and thought maybe we were wrong. But as I ate mine I tasted the spice and knew it wasn't mine, plus the color was very beef looking, no "fish" taste at all. My friend knew he wasn't eating his sandwich neither because of the color and obvious taste. We were reluctant about telling the waitress about her error but we did. She assured us that she gave us the right orders. We insisted it wasn't right in the best way possible. It was hard to communicate with them because their English was poor. Long story short, we were given the wrong damn sandwiches and they didn't want to fix it. The waitress told her male coworker. They all spoke in their language in a very angry and loud tone. The man threw things behind the counter and continued to yell. We were in shock. All the commotion scared away incoming customers. Obviously we didn't want what they were going to attempt to feed us. We told them never mind, paid and left. Terrible language barrier and customer service. The food isn't even great, it's just okay. Even if the customer service was good, the food still kinda sucked.
5	I am a newly converted Vegan and was excited to explore the Las Vegas Vegan options....my non-vegan (yet) husband and I tried the Crispy Chicken sandwich & the Beef Steak entree along with a Thai tea w/soy milk....WOW! We were NOT disappointed, we thought the staff was very kind and the food was delicious!  What a great first vegan restaurant taste experience...so glad it was THAT good....we drove about 35 minutes to get here and we will totally do it again!!
4	I love this place. When I first moved to Las Vegas it was one of the only places I knew of to get vegan food. Took my son back today and he went crazy for his chicken sandwich and banana slush. Still as great as I remember.
4	My daughter and I have been wanting to try this place for awhile. So today we finally decided to come for lunch. Items tried: Shrimp & Veggie Fresh Spring Rolls and Watermelon Slush with Boba. Both items were yummy! =) The staff was very friendly and food came out shortly after ordering. Looking foward to trying other items on the menu.
2	We were happy to find a veg place nearby our AirBnB accommodations, but were a bit disappointed with our meal. We ordered the "albalone" appetizer, "beef fun" dish, and "beef" sandwich.  The first thing I noticed was that all the vegan versions of the dishes were priced higher ($.50-$1) than the vegetarian versions (they all list both prices).  Since typically for a vegan meal you are taking away an animal product (eg, egg) this doesn't seem fair, but maybe there is something else making it more expensive I'm not aware of. On to the food - in summary, the flavors were uneremarkable, and in the end (about one hour afterward) we were hungry again and our stomachs were a little upset. The abalone was just like a thick noodle/starch with no flavor (the sauce was very good).  The beef fun dish was good, but greasy and unfilling - it seemed like sprouts were the go-to filler. The sandwich was plain with the same "beef" and many shredded carrots on a soft bun. From other reviews it appears we should have ordered different dishes, which would warrant the higher ratings reflected. So perhaps we just chose the wrong options. If I were in town longer I might return to try the crispy chicken or crispy pork rolls.  It's great that LV has this much-needed option in town for veg food - since it appears to be a well-loved establishment.  The atmosphere reminded me of places in Chinatown in Seattle ... minimal ... which is fine if the food is good.. The service was just fine, nice people.Note that it's cash only, which necessitated a quick trip to the ATM!
4	Veggie Delite feels very local a small little spot but very good The Price is Right the food is right all vegetarian options vegan there's only two people working but you have to be very patient I next time will probably order before I get there and to remember to bring cash only I only tried the basil chicken which is very good but in my case I love basil more basil please can't wait to try what they have next.
4	First off, it's one of those places that is off to the side of the shopping center so park in the shopping center and walk over! Alternatively you can park on the street! It's a small intimate restaurant. It has about five tables for two and two tables for four, so they probably can accommodate around 18-20 people without too much of a problem, although I think you'd take over the whole restaurant, so why not!?I wasn't sure what to expect as far as food goes, but they have the option of making any of it Vegan as well which is ALWAYS an awesome plus! As with any FOB Asian places you'll have a couple of misspellings on the menu and what not, but it's easily understandable so not a problem at all! Just thought I'd throw it out there. They have many different choices with noodles, rice, sandwiches, etc, so it'll satisfy anything you might want to eat! I ordered the chinese broccoli and the beef with veggies and rice in gravy. The chinese broccoli was steamed and came out with a bit of water on the plate, so it was a little watery on the plate but it doesn't take away from it. I liked it and was good none the less. The beef with veggies and rice in gravy was larger then I expected. It had carrots, broccoli, snow peas, and some mushrooms in it but I'm not a mushroom fan at all and didn't know. I picked it out of the food, lol. It was exactly how I expected however, the gravy is an asian gravy and very light, just the way I like it!! I can't wait to go back and try other dishes and maybe get a slushie as well.
4	The place is easy to find and easy to access but quite tiny as it's only a small cafe sizes room.  The food is good and they do give vegan and vegetarian options for most items.  For vegans it's slightly more expensive as vegetarian options are a dollar less but can contain egg.  I tried an appetizer which was the spicy nagaimo and it was pretty good but not sure for 5 dollars and the spicy dice chicken (soy) and it was awesome.  I like my vegetables a little raw and crunchy however so they cooked it for me right.  The service was pretty good but the people were not around most of the time and only when I needed them.  Note: CASH ONLY!  Good thing I had a 20 on me before going or I'd be washing a few dishes.
4	I'm so glad I finally tried this place. 100% vegetarian, they have a variety of "French style" Vietnamese sandwiches, among an impressive menu for such a small place. We tried the fried chicken, tuna, pork chop, and beef steak sandwiches. All were delicious with great flavors, but my favorite had to be the fried chicken sandwich. Incredible!! They were about $5 each. Definitely have to come back to try the smoothies and the rest of the menu. I have only two criticisms: they ONLY TAKE CASH, and the service might be hit or miss. It took a really long time to get our waters, although others who arrived after we did got theirs pretty quickly.
3	Try the fresh fruit slushes, they are AMAZING!!! I ordered the green apple my home girl ordered the avocado and my other home girl ordered the banana. We all did the old school yet very effective straw dip tap the top and sip. Each slushy delicious and refreshing on a hot Vegas day. My yelp coconspirator MS. Ray order food, if you would like to get the scoop on what's delicious and worth trying check out her review as well.http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=kd04Y_VyQzuEhKyvhCsPXQ&q=veggie+delight
5	Great vegan restaurant! Awesome variety of teas; hot and cold. I got the vanilla milk tea. Delicious! Split a dinner and a sandwich for variety with a friend. The pork skin and sausage sandwich is fantastic!
4	Excellent all vegetarian and vegan options. A little crazy during xmas break. Under staffed but made up for it when told... I would Try all the lunch options and dessert. Don't bring any meat here. Cuz you won't find any but the food will taste like it.
