4	Ahhh, Roach Coach - how far we've come!These days, Phoenix is finally starting to get the hint that GOOD food on mobile trucks can work - and work well!My first introduction to Jamburritos was at the Great Cajun Cookoff and Food Fest.  I would have written about the gumbo - but as I was on the planning committee for the event, thought it would be a conflict of interest.  And, by the time things slowed down enough for me to actually eat that day, only a handful of the restaurants still had food.  I didn't want to skip kudos to a great place just becuase I was too slow in getting there.  That said...the experience I had that day was certainly good enough to get my attention.  I "liked" them on Facebook and have had a great lunch with them that past 2 days.I saw the Facebook update that the truck would be at the Ford dealership on Camelback  yesterday and today.  I made plans with Kim T to meet for lunch today...but I couldn't wait!Yesterday I tried the special - 2 catfish po boy sliders.  Nice fresh rolls, perfect remoulade, shredded lettuce, 2 good sized cornmeal breaded catfish filets fried to perfection and a dollop of black bean salsa.  YUM!  Adding hot sauce made it perfect.  The only problem (which I was sure to share with them today), I took the platter home, left it on the table for just a minute to get a drink...and my dog Layla stole one of the catfish filets!  So - not Jamburritos fault at all, but I was left a bit hungry.Today I met Kim T.  She had the K-sadilla with fried eggplant, I had the steak jamburrito.  We were both happy campers!  Her K-sadilla was enormous, and had to be eaten with a fork.  There was just so much good stuff in there, the tortilla never could have held up!  The steak jamburrito was HUGE, and filled with chopped steak, slices of andouille sausage, rice, beans, cabbage and cheese.  Every bite was amazing...but did I mention it was HUGE?  It's seven hours later, and I am not even interested in dinner.Prices are VERY low for the quality and quantity of food received.  Yesterday's special was $3.99, the highest on the menu, I believe, is $6.99.  I could be wrong about that...it may be the $5.99, which was the price of my burrito.  Fresh, hot, delicious food and WONDERFUL people in the truck!Mark Brown, the owner, came out to chat with us - before we even got our food, we were made to feel like family.  (Meant in the good way!)Definitely worth finding on Facebook or following on Twitter to see where they'll be serving up next!
3	After having read Chris B's review and then seeing them later the next day at the Wednesday evening Phoenix Market I decided to give them a try.  Initially looking and the Cajun Steak Jamburrito, after talking to the chef I decided to just go with the Cajun Steak Jambalaya bowl ($5.99). While waiting I was given a hush puppy to sample...light and crispy just like I like 'em.  Contemplating getting an order I figured it would be too much food.  I received my bowl of savory rice mixed with some veggies like peas, corn, carrot topped with a portion of spicy steak and some slices of sausage.  It was very much comfort food.  I did have to put a generous sprinkle of hot sauce to add a touch more heat and flavor but it was a very welcome addition.  While it didn't knock my socks or wow me, it reminded me of a few things I whip up at home now and again. I left content, full and happy I tried a new food truck.
5	If I wasn't married I might ask the chef to marry me! This is the first time that I've had a simple salad and liked so much I actually ate the whole thing.  I don't usually eat salad when out as I tend to splurge but I really needed something fresh that day. So while my husband ordered the steak burrito I got the cajun steak salad. It was a very simple salad, romaine, cheese, steak, tomatoes.  But this was exactly why this was so good the chef used  simple fresh ingredients, nothing overly complicated here except for the perfectly spiced steak which is what took this salad to a five star review. WOW amazing flavor.  My husband loved his steak jamburrito and couldn't control letting everyone know about it.  We went back a week later and were so impressed we are now contemplating becoming Jamburrito stalkers! We will definitely be back!  Thanks Chef Great fusion cooking. -
4	The fried catfish is to DIE FOR!  Simple but delicious...i go back specifically for that and the hush puppies.  It's a good portion for the right price.
4	I've been checking out the different food trucks at Phoenix Public Market's Food Truck Fridays. Note: Be ready for a wait at all of the trucks. But on a beautiful spring afternoon, it's not a bad thing. Today I tried Jamburritos for the first time. They had an interesting and wide selection of items, from fried catfish to creole chicken quesadillas. I chose the chicken K-Tacos. Three spicy chicken street tacos with cabbage and black bean salsa. Wow. Great flavor. Enough spice to clean out my sinuses without fear of burning my taste buds. The guy taking orders was cheerful and pleasant. I also enjoyed the variety of beverages available. I chose a Tamarind soda. Yum. I'm looking forward to trying more items on the menu before Food Truck Friday ends when the heat rises.
5	My sister lives in Austin where food trucks are on almost every corner, so when I heard the trucks were coming to Phoenix, I was super psyched!! My co workers and I headed down on Friday around 1pm. The trucks are parked close to my school, so we got there quickly, and there was tons of parking, and no lines to wait in. When we arrived, there was such a variety, I wasn't sure what to pick. We tried to find a money machine, but realized, to our delight, most of the truck accept credit. I chose to go to Jamburritos and did not regret my choice. I order the jambalaya and it was awesome! The dish was spicy and delicious! I will return and this time, my choice will not be difficult; I will go to Jamburritos!
5	Mike,Awesome concept, excellent food I would stop and give it a try especially if your tired of your everyday burrito roach coach. It beats what any other coach has to offer. The Burrito is awesome, but the quesadilla is the best
5	Because I always have to copy off of my sister AB, I should toss up a review of Jamburritos as well (especially since I was the one who told her about the food trucks!). The addition of the food trucks to Downtown has been fantastic. There are some solid spots near the ASU campus, but adding 4-6 trucks every Friday really livens up the options. However, I have been pretty boring, because 4 out of 5 times I have went there, Jamburritos and the chicken jamburrito has been my choice. I can explain though; it's freaking awesome.First off, the service with Jamburritos is quick and very friendly. I always walk my food back to the office (I'm SO dedicated to my job), and the truck wraps up my deliciousness. More importantly, the chicken jamburrito is basically amazing. I am always a fan of non-Mexican food in burritos (the blackened chicken burrito from California Tortilla is one of the best I have ever had), so a jambalaya burrito was a perfect idea. The chicken and sausage are always perfectly cooked and extremely succulent, and the dirty rice really adds some flavor to the meal. For $6, it is hard to beat Jamburritos, so try 'em out!
5	Terrific, authentically prepared Cajun food.We stopped by the Phoenix Public Market yesterday to check out Food Truck Fridays.  It was almost 2 p.m. and they were getting ready to close so after quickly surveying the six trucks, we decided on Jamburritos.We ordered the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish special.  Both were awesome.  The gumbo was a fairly large portion that was rich, flavorful and chock full of sausage, chicken and okra.  Absolutely delicious and a steal at five bucks.  The catfish was completely non-greasy and cooked perfectly, served with rice and greens.Highly recommended.
4	Solid 4.5 stars.  I, like the review by Jeff F., stopped in for Food Truck Friday on 4-22-2011 and had almost the same thing he had:   the chicken and okra gumbo and the fried catfish SANDWICH special.  Both were definitely super-tasty.  The gumbo was a $5, decently large portion that was yummy, not overly salty, and full of large chunks of chicken and okra and sausage with a saucy white rice base.  I was amazed at the sheer number of chunks of meat or okra - it never ended, all the way to the last scrape of the paper-lined cardboard bowl.The catfish in the sandwich was coated with your basic cornmeal batter, served on buttered Texas toast, with some kind of mayo sauce and lettuce and tomatoes.  It was large enough that I saved half of it for part of  my breakfast on Saturday.  I'd like to add that the catfish fillet was VERY THICK.  One of the thickest catfish cuts I have seen in this town.One of the best uses of $10 I have seen in a while.  Worth the money, tasty as all get-out, and a signal that eating again off this truck is in my future.
5	"Wow, this is better than Chipotle!" my friend said, before I had the urge to deliver a swift kick to her face."That's not saying much at all!" I replied in disgust. There is NOTHING I can compare this to. Basically, it's 'Creole' food wrapped in a tortilla, or made in a quesadilla, or in a bowl by itself. I thought the idea of chicken + andouille sausage in a wrap wouldn't work, but I was proven wrong bite after bite. I haven't bought from a food truck in years, and I think I'm gonna follow this one around for a while. 5 stars because it's better than I expected, and there's nothing I would change. Delicious!
2	Maybe it was an off day, but I thought the food today was not very good at all. The BF and I each got a 'k sadilla,' I got the steak and he got the chicken. Maybe this item isn't the best thing to get here... I don't know. It was soggy and had waaaay too much cheese. The steak was chewy and flavorless despite being labelled as 'cajun.' The k sadilla had cabbage in it.... but the cabbage wasn't cut at all... there were huge pieces of it in this thing. Overall, the flavor was off putting (and I like Cajun food), it was greasy, and the whole thing fell apart while trying to eat it. I would not get this again, not when there are 3 other very good choices in the same parking lot (the bbq, the hot dogs, and the grilled cheese).
2	Coming from Portland just a few weeks ago, it was a surprise to hear of Phoenix's entry into the Food Cart/Truck arena. We received an email telling us of a close location (Whole Foods, Scottsdale) that we could experience the things we have come to enjoy and love. Quick, gourmet plates of saucy goodness with just the right amount of spice and flavor that would make us talk about the trucks for weeks, counting the days until they rolled onto that welcoming asphalt off Raintree Drive again. Being a lover of the tastes and smells of New Orleans, I opted to try Jamburritos Cajun Grille Express. Note now that the temperature was 106, high noon, standing on black asphalt. I ordered the hush puppies and a Chicken Jamburrito. Wash it down with a tasty beverage and I would have been set. The "Express" part of the name in my opinion should be dropped. Many of us waited over 30 minutes to get our food, some people just getting a simple Chicken K-Taco plate. As I waited, to my horror, I saw a prepackaged frozen bag of hush puppies heading to some vat. Maybe they have a hush-puppy machine at home? I was expecting hand rolled pup's like mom used to make. Instead, over fried golf balls. By the time I got my The Jambirrito, it was soft, oozy and a little cold. The flavors that I expected to explode my senses tasted like they took a little McCormick Cajun Seasoning and kicked it up a bit with some cayenne pepper. I really wasn't tasting anything that I would associate with jambalaya, and thought the chicken may have been a little undercooked. The cheese was simple melted pepper jack, and the lettuce wilted. Waiting in the hot Arizona sun for 30 minutes only added to the disaster we called lunch. Had it been the best damn meal I had all week, I would have instantly forgotten the wait.  I give Jamburrito's 3 stars for trying something new and being on the forefront of the Phoenix Food Truck scene, but am giving them a single star for efficiency and taste.
5	I may be a midwest-raised boy (Indiana), but I LOVE cajun/spicy food; the hotter the better. This place (truck) manages to help me get my heat fix and still have a TON of flavor. Came across Jamburritos at the Phoenix Public Farmers' Market on a Saturday morning. Now with all those food options around (Hey Joe, Short Leash, etc.) you may ask what made me pick this one (besides the heat); Catfish! I hadn't had catfish (scratch that, good catfish) in quite sometime. I had a couple options for the catfish; grilled or fried/sandwich or bowl. Over a couple of visits, I have all the combinations. There is no wrong way to have Chef Michael Brown's catfish. The catfish was perfect, and what I mean by that is: - Perfectly cooked, tender and flaky - spiced perfectly (wife finds it a little hot for her, but still tastes so good she is willing to endure) :) If they don't have the catfish, I usually go for a chicken jamburrito with rice, andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, and lettuce. The make a great red/hot sauce you can put on any of the menu and kick the heat up a notch. Lastly, can't forget to mention the hushpuppies. I consider myself a foodie, but I eat these little deep-fried puffs so fast that I don't take anytime to figure out what is in them. I know for sure though, they are NOT like any hushpuppies you have had before (oh so good). Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings or Phoenix Public Market for Mobile food court on Wednesday 4-8pm. check them out!!
5	Really good fried catfish!  I was not really fond of catfish until I tried Jamburrito's way of serving it. The jambalaya rice makes the perfect accompaniment for the crunchy delight. The people serving the food are very friendly and the total experience definitely makes Food Truck Fridays a weekly event to look forward to.
4	Let's just say, if Jamburritos had a creepy song that played loudly from their truck and cruised around residential areas on the regular, I'd be running barefoot down the street with my mom's change purse in hand. Honestly, who would even mourn the demise of the ice cream truck with the evolution of the Creolexican truck? P.S. If you had the nerve to say, "me"... Well, I couldn't even hear you over the pleasant crunching of my Jamburritos hushpuppies anyway.
4	I was lucky enough to score a big plate of jambalaya from the Sun City Festival event on Saturday, Nov 12.  The flavors were fabulous and it had just to right amount of kick!  Can't say how delightfully surprising it was to find all the sausage and big hunks of chicken... Quality + quantity= AWESOME!!!!  Run now and find that elusive Jamburrito truck!!!
5	Went to Food Truck Friday for the first time and after 10 min of reading every food truck menu, I decided on Jamburritos mainly because I was in the mood for some hushpuppies. I was eyeing the chicken jambalaya in a bowl, but then I saw a grilled catfish sandwich go by and changed my mind instantly. I was so happy with my dish. The fish was flaky and full of spices. The hushpuppies were to die for! And even the Fanta was a nice add to the greasy, yet yummy dish that I had. I love this food truck craze and I hope it sticks around. I still need to try Hey Joe Filipino and the Torch food place.
4	1st time experience ... very positive. Great atmosphere, high energy, a little bit of a wait but that was expected. Seafood Gumbo was very good only surprise was the use of Fried Catfish bits (vs shrimp or scallop) but it fits with the rest of the menu offerings. Very tasty, use of Okra was great to see, just a bite of of spice for my taste, so I did add more from selection of Hot Sauces available. Pricing was reasonable for the portion. Service staff were friendly, fast and accurate. Overall ambiance at Public Market also good, clean with people coming around to help clear tables, area was packed so seating at a premium but everyone looked to be having a good time, very much like a street fair. Looking to go back soon
5	Jamburritos is like an ice cream truck for adults. I was fortunate enough to encounter my newest addiction at the Phoenix Food Truck Festival.The Jambalaya burrito had the perfect blend of heat and spices. The catfish is expertly breaded and fried. The hushpuppies were delightfully fluffy, moist balls of crackalicious magic. I honestly had not considered the potential of Creolexian until now. I'm fairly convinced Jamburrito can do no wrong.I wish these guys lived in my neighborhood so that I could conveniently drop by for dinner. Phoenix needs a fleet of these trucks so that I can happily grow fat.
4	It's pre Saint Patrick's day and everyone in the building is eating corned beef and cabbage. I think corned beef tastes like Alpo smells and cabbage gives me bubble guts so I opt out for Cajun.  I stroll up Central Avenue soft breeze in my face sun kissed all the way and I pass a couple friends returning from where I'm heading, Food Truck Friday, oh yeah!The Jamburrito truck had the longest line of the fleet which only made my cravings for Cajun much-more stronger. I was torn between the chicken jambalaya bowl and the fried catfish jamburritto. The guy ahead of me in line was raving about the catfish and that was all the indirect intervention I needed to make my decision. The fried catfish jamburrito is a girthy handful and loaded with chunks of freshly fried catfish, jambalaya rice, Cajun tartar, black bean salsa, shredded jack cheese and shredded lettuce.  I call it Cajun Gold!  I added on an order of hushpuppies because I'm cool like that.
4	High B+ to the chef! My worst complaint is that the portions were so HUGE! The flavors were good and spice heat just about perfect. One member of our group complained about too much "Italian Seasoning" taste, but the rest of us yelled him down - can't please everyone. Should have tried these guys months ago!
4	The taste of Louisiana literally on the go!  Being only a little more than a year removed from a Mardi Gras trip to New Orleans, this truck brought back some fun memories I thought I had drunk away.  Jamburrito's is a regular staple at Food Truck Fridays at the Phoenix Public Market, and on my latest visit to the weekly roach coach festival (I say that lovingly) I decided it was finally time I give it a try.I had to go with a catfish jamburrito.  In addition to the menu saying it was famous, the uniqueness warranted a try.  Catfish jambalaya wrapped up in a burrito, how do you go wrong with some cajun-mexican fusion?  The catfish is cooked well and the spices are hot!  The hot sauce served on the side only makes the dish better!  The lone issue I had with the catfish jamburrito was the cheese.  Every time I got a bite of cheese and fish together, it just didn't taste right.  Despite the culinary faux pas; For just $8, it comes in a very generous portion which will fill you up for the rest of the day.  I probably should have stopped after eating half, but I wanted to get my money's worth!Another cool thing about Jamburrito's.  It's not a cash only truck.  They take credit card, and will text you a receipt if you desire.
5	Living in Louisiana, you always want to have something that reminds you of your childhood.  Well, Jamburritos also brought some innovation to the table too for the new age/ adult in me.  I went to the Great Cajun Cookoff and was amazed at what I tasted.  Red Beans and Rice and Jambalaya intertwined into burritos/tacos?  Also, the Catfish was cooked to perfection too.  I just wanted to tip my hat off to this express truck and excited to try something else on their menu!
4	Yum.You should try this.I split the steak Jamburitto with my husband ( and still had leftovers for lunch)  and the very friendly man taking our order urged us to get the hush puppies.  Glad we listened 'cause Yum.  Really liked the hush puppies.
5	Oh yes, you gotta go here on Food Truck Friday! The guys are so friendly and they play the best music too. Super blues-y, Creole, Old Louisana style. Had the longest line so you know it's worth it! Their glass coke bottles are the tall ones so you get your moneys worth too. I got the Chicken Jamburrito and couldn't finish the whole thing in one setting. This is a big deal because I'm a midwestern girl and you always finish your meal out there. Highly recommend anything with their creole sauce or cheese, just melts in with the rest of the ingredients!
5	If you see this truck in town you need to run it down and experience this wonderful cajun goodness that is run and owned by Chef Brown. If you have trouble finding this truck around town, you'll have no trouble finding it at Food Truck Fridays. (Additional Info. below).Chef Brown's truck is infamous for its legendary Jamburrito. Legend has it that the Jamburrrito is  jambalaya wrapped in a tortilla. Intrigued by what I had heard about this Southwest Cajun Fusion, I had to experience it for myself, and I took my husband along for the ride. Just like Indiana Jones looking for the lost arch, we journeyed downtown to Food Truck Fridays on a quest for the Jamburrito.We discovered the Jamburrito three Fridays ago, and have returned often.The truck serves up food that is fresh, addictive, top quality, reasonably priced, and packed with a lot of punch. You're left full and satisfied because of the cajun flavors and portions. I can see why this truck was given high marks in AZ, and was almost selected for the Great Food Truck Race on the Food Network!!Recommendations: CHICKEN or GRILLED CATFISH JAMBURRITOWe usually order the chicken or grilled catfish jamburrito and some hushpuppies. Oh my gosh!! Heaven in our mouths. One of the things I am particular about are tortillas, and the tortillas Chef Brown uses are spot on. While eating the Jamburrito I felt like I had one foot in New Orleans, and the other in Texas. BELGIAN WAFFLES AND BUFFALO WINGSThis order includes one waffle, three buffalo wings, and some hushpuppies with dipping sauce. Best waffle and wings ever!!!! The waffle is crisp and is dusted with bacon and powdered sugar that can be dipped in syrup. Yummy!!!! The wings don't look like your typical wing. They look like mini lamb chops with a little bone sticking out. The wings are meaty, juicy, and have a crispy skin. The wings are placed in a rubb and sauce. Amazing!!! Oh my gosh!!!! My mouth is watering while I type this up.Stop reading...go and visit..and tell him that Tenisha says hi!!!Additional Info:The truck is a part of a food truck coalition that can be found  in the Phoenix Public Market Parking Lot on Fridays from 11am-1:30pm and Saturdays from 8am-Noon. 14 E. Pierce/721 N. Central(NE corner of Central Avenue and Pierce Street)
5	Jambalya= Cajun stew, usually good but not very accessible or common (at least not in AZ)Burrito= kinda good, some people love them, I think they're usually too big and unwieldy...just give me some tacos or an enchildaJamburrito=....Out.of.this.World! Tried it at Food Truck Fridays and man was it worth the wait and $. It was $9 for a chicken Jamburrito, hushpuppies and a soda. Not bad, and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I only finished half and am still full 3 hours later. At the same time, it wasn't as overwhelming to me as a Chipotle burrito. Maybe because they cut it in half so I can easily save the other half for later.Anyway, this is one of those fusions that just works. It's a great tortilla and good jambalya, and together they combine for a really tasty and unique meal.
4	J and I decided to go to First Friday, just for the sake of trying out the food trucks!  We discovered the little gem, Jamburritos!!  $6 Chicken Jamburrito = tasty and very filling!!  :) And more than enough food to feed both J and myself.  I will say though, that the burrito could have been rolled a little tighter. $2 hush puppies = Super tasty!!!The jamburrito had a nice little kick of spice to it.  Very Tasty!!  J and I were stuffed after each of us having half of the burrito (along with sharing half a hamburger from Ralph's).  Well worth the $8.00 for the burrito and hush puppies.
4	So while my in-laws were in line to order plain hot dogs because they weren't willing to even try the combinations this particular food truck was offering, much less see which other trucks were at the festival, I wandered off and settled on Jamburritos.  I returned to the band of boring and enjoyed my catfish plate.  My perfectly seasoned catfish was served with a spicy jambalaya rice and crispy hush puppies.  I ate every last bite far beyond the point of being full just so everyone could see what they missed.  "Is that catfish?"  "Yep (with full mouth)."  "Is it good?"  "(Swallow) Yes."  "Where did you get it?"  "(Takes another bite) At a truck that was not at the entrance so you didn't see it."Thanks Jamburritos.
5	Friendly, fast and huge portions
5	2 catfish burritos (one grilled, one fried) and 1 basket of cajun popcorn (crayfish tails).OMG!!! Awesome. The two catfish burritos are surprisingly different. With the fried fish you can really taste the deep, complex flavors of the rice and beans. With the grilled fish, the blackened catfish flavor really steps up to the front. Either way, this is the best cajun food I've had--I'm no expert though--my taste buds were in love.
5	"Jamburritos Cajun Grill" has a nice little place at Food Truck Friday event in PHX. This is the place to be! Get there early or you WILL have to wait in line!  It was my first time at the event and I did have to stand around a bit, but it was so worth it.  The grilled Catfish Jamburrito was my order of choice and I found it to be quite a work of art! There was sooo much food neatly wrapped up in the oversize tortilla (burrito) that I couldn't wait to dig in. The succulent catfish and a spicy rice mixture (Jambalaya) was quite the thing I needed, as it put a little "pep in my step!" I ate the entire first half of burrito, but had to slow down and use a fork when it was time to devour the second half. The burrito and myself were bursting at the seams at that point. I eat a lot of food but this thing was gigantic! I washed it down with an ice cold Fanta soda and for dessert, the lemon lollipop was a surprise, but also refreshing. I was quite impressed with the way the cashier was handling the crowd. During my small wait time, I enjoyed watching her work! The Chef was quite gracious and when he handed me the large food tray. His nice comments, and his reminder to pickup my forgotten soda, put a smile on my face. So I decided to write this review. Yep, 5-stars! I'll be back!
5	The boyfriend & I decided to grab a bite here after checking out the local shops off of Roosevelt Row. We split a Jamburitto and I must say that it was *awesome*. The rice had great flavoring and the chicken was tender- but most of all the side of hot sauce was DAMN tasty, can't say I've had anything like it! And they sell xtra long neck (ie. mexican style) Coca Cola sodas :o Hellsyea I'm coming back!
5	Y'all don't know good eatin' 'til you stopped at Jamburritos!  My tastebuds died, went to heaven.  I'm a southerner.  I DO NOT, I DO NOT, order fried catfish in restaurants outside of certain states in the south.  It just doesn't happen.  Something about folks in other states putting beer batter or breadcrumbs or  flour based breading on it that runs me outta the restaurant.  But I figured, this Mex-Cajun fusion way would  be something to try.  I ordered a fried catfish jamburrito... that's fried catfish, with jambalaya (2 staples in my kitchen) and all the other fixin's of a burrito.  I got the fire hot sauce on the side and I also ordered up the hush puppies.  They had Faygo pops (yep, I said "Pops", that's cause I'm from the South.  If you're from other southern regions, you might call it a "cold drink".) That took me back years to my childhood and I ordered up the orange Faygo.  Whoop Whoop!  So, what does this southerner say?  They killed it.  The hush puppies were absolutely delicious.  A bit on the small side in comparison to what I'm accustomed to having back home.  But exactly the taste you want in a hush puppy!  WOW.  I'm bringing my mom to the truck, I bet she hasn't cooked hush puppies since I was a kid.  The Jamburrito was something out of this world.  The taste of the jambalaya in every bite of the catfish was an amazing mixture of spiciness with the delicious cajun flavor of the rice.  And don't forget that there's also beans and all the fixins of a burrito.  The lettuce and fresh veggies help to cool the zing of the spice from the hot sauce.  if you don't like spicy, don't get the hot sauce on yours. Here's a pic of my plate: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jamburritos-cajun-grille-express-phoenix?select=xh1Ac9X35EPQywGj9QZbnA#7gSc9b6Jr19CHMRtb40tmAWhat a creative fusion of the Mexican burrito and cajun food.  I was so satisfied and  thrilled with the tastes and flavors.  I have to go back and try their friend crawfish and perhaps some other things that will take me down the Mississippi river of memories... Bravo Jamburritos!  Bravo.
4	Went to the Phoenix Public Market this Wednesday evening to see what it was all about.  I thought the event was a little weak overall but a "Chicken Jamburrito" from this place was killer diller!  It was BIG, & filled with Chicken Etouffee, Jamabala Rice, Smoked Andouille Sausage, Creole Sauce, Jack Cheese and lettuce, wrapped in a flour tortilla.This tasty, unusual treat is a meal in itself & goes for $7.     :-)
5	Wow. This has got to be the best food truck experience I've had in Phoenix. As we walked through food truck Friday during First Fridays, we scoped out our options. We checked with Yelp and found this was highly rated. Best decision ever. Thank goodness Yelp warned us that each burrito was enormous because we almost each got our own. We decided to go with the fried catfish and jambalaya burrito and it was soooooo amazing. No lie, they were generous with the catfish and the jambalaya had some awesome sausage too. It came with a side of this amazing creole sauce and I needed more, it was so good. The staff was super friendly and asked for our feedback (which of course we told them it was delicious)!! I was definitely in pain due to fullness even though I shared it with Eric, but I just could not stop eating it! Can't wait to try other items on the menu but it'll be hard not getting the catfish burrito again!  The burrito was $8 but it was well worth it!
5	Oh yum. I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry. The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat. Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge. I got through half of it and was beyond finished. Delicious stuff and friendly people. Good street marketing.
5	I get the fried oysters every Saturday morning when they are at the Farmer's Market in Downtown Phoenix. I'm addicted to them, they are big, juicy and to die for!
5	Jamburritos is by and far my favorite food truck. The chicken jamburrito is amazing, their hush puppies are perfectly spiced, and their homemade lemonade is tart and refreshing. The guys running the truck are unfailingly nice, which makes the experience even better. It's absolutely worth your time to visit them at the biweekly Phoenix Public Markets or wherever else they might be that day.
2	I went here a couple weeks back after heading over to the Food Truck Fridays, I had a catfish poboy sandwich and got a catfish plate for my coworker...it was great, crispy, fresh fish, excellent seasonings, just really hit the spot. Went over today after my coworker bugged me the entire week and simply got catfish filets for the both of us and a side of texas toast.I don't know if it was bad fish, bad cooking or a combination of both but I ended up throwing my food away, the fish seemed undercooked, but greasy at the same time and the toast was extremely greasy. I even tried to eat it by dousing it in hot sauce and that couldn't save it either. I received 4 pieces of fish (instead of 2 filets as expected) and my coworker received 3 pieces instead of 4..all for the same price. My coworker even complained about her food, kind of turned off by this experience so I won't be back. There's another place over there with catfish I guess the next time I'm in the mood I'll give them a try.
5	Love this food truck.  Had some burritos the morning (well ok it was almost afternoon) after a long night out with friends and it totally hit the spot.  The service was great and I even got to sample a hush puppy.  The quality of food was not what was expected from a food truck it easily could have been served in a four star restaurant.  The Cajun sauce was amazing and really brought the whole burrito together with a flavor explosion.
5	The BEST Red Beans And Rice With Andouille Sausage I've ever had!  So delicious. .. check them out!
3	They were sitting front and center at the Street Eats festival in Scottsdale, so I decided to give them a try.  Well, if you want the mall food court equivalent of food truck food, this is the truck for you.  The tastes were decent and they had a good selection, but the preparations were not the freshest and the prices were steep.  The grilled catfish was falling apart from sitting around in juice too long, the fried catfish was dry from sitting in a warming pot and the hush puppies were like jawbreakers.  I'm guessing this one would be better to try outside of an event like this...if this truck pulled up in front of my office, I might give them another shot.
4	We visited the Scottsdale Food Truck Festival this weekend 4 days after arriving back from our "home" city of New Orleans. We saw, or better yet, smelled this truck right away making us miss the spices we love so much. Ran right over and ordered the Mardis Gras combo platter with chicken Jambalaya, red beans and rice, fried catfish and hush puppies. We had to wait a few minutes for a fresh batch of fish which resulted in us getting an amazingly tender and moist fillet that tasted as fresh as you can get in AZ. The spices in the Jambalaya were in point, variety of hot sauces readily available and the service was very friendly. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
5	Super authentic red beans and rice with andouille sausage. It made me feel like I was walking the streets of New Orleans. Super delicious, highly recommended.
4	Visited this place as part of the Food Truck Friday experience at the Phoenix market.I got the house special: Fried Catfish PoBoy with the Creole Cabbage/Cole Slaw with hush puppies. It was fried goodness and definitely filling. I didn't eat all of the bread, but I ate all of the fish and pups. This plate is served with two sauces that really pulled everything together.I wish I would have found this place sooner. So good. Just note be prepared to wait because they are making it to order so your food is fresh with you in mind.
4	I  went to food truck Friday and was faced with a number of options and ended up choosing Jumburrito based solely on their deep fried oyster poh boy.   The wait seemed to be on the long side so I asked how long and was told 7 to 11 minutes which proved to be about right.For the price tag of 12 bucks I thought the serving size was small especially for the truck repping  Nola food.The sandwich came on a grilled hot dog bun to give you all an idea of the size of the sandwich.Grilled hot dog bun with plenty of butter, delicious fried oysters topped with cole slaw.The sandwich was delicious and I was satisfied but would've liked to see the traditional toppings such add lettuce and tomatoes.  Other than the size and the price I enjoyed the sandwich.
5	Chef Michael and Gregg catered a delicious small menu of  food for a very special fundraising event on Apr 13, 2014 at the Stand-up Scottsdale Comedy Club. Feedback on the Chicken Etoufee and Hush Puppies was wonderful and everyone went home with full tummies. Food was delivered on time and the team came back to clean up just as promised. Will definitely recommend Jamburritos again! And I'm sure so will our other 100+ guests! Thanks, Chef Michael and Gregg.
4	Jamburritos was kind enough to come to our apartment complex and serve our residents.  As a vegetarian I was thrilled to try their veggie bowl and I was Not disappointed! I could smell the truck before I saw it- it was making my mouth water! The bowl was $8 and when I picked it up I thought it was a little small but when I started eating it I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of food. :) They even gave me a little spicy sauce on the side and I poured it all over my bowl. Perfectly spicy, but not too hot as to overpower the flavor of the cabbage, beans and rice. I am so glad I tried it! Wish id gotten the hush puppies for $2 more! Hopefully they come back and ill have a second chance! Yay!
4	It was my first time to try the cajun/mexican fusion food truck. Today, they were parked outside of our office building in Tempe. I got the Chicken Jamburrito. I thought it was excellent. It was a fair price, a lot of food and they portioned the ingredients right. There is nothing worse than a burrito that has too much of one ingredient or not enough of another.. I will defintely try it out again and recommend to everyone.
4	I've had 3 things from here after discovering the food trucks on Fridays during my lunch. Li have tried the hush puppies with cajun tartar (always amazing), the catfish bowl, and my favorite, the m fried cajun catfish sandwich w tomatoes, lettuce, cajun tartar, and I forget what else , served on Texas toast. The food is always good and usually the wait isn't too bad. It's about 10$ for whatever I usually get...sandwich and add-on small hush puppies...but it will keep you full for a long time.
4	Delicious breakfast burritos if you get the opportunity to catch them during breakfast time. Lots of food for the money, as far as food trucks go. Try the hush puppies and Cajun tartar sauce!
4	I got a grilled catfish burrito for at the Phoenix Public Market, and it was really good! The lady was also offering hush puppy samples, which then led me to get them with my meal. The burrito was way too much food, and I don't know whether it's just me and southern food, but after eating about half, I didn't want to eat it anymore. I wasn't really full and it was delicious, but I just didn't want to eat that anymore. The hush puppies were delicious as well, and I definitely wanted to eat those. Food is good, but I suggest sharing it with someone else!
5	This truck stands out, just like the first bite of their jambalaya. Living in arizona my whole life, with campbells soup being my only exposure to this dish. I am happy as hell to find this flavor hiding around here.If you see the truck. Stop and get the chicken jambalaya.  The spicyness is perfect - how the humble master chef manages to blend this many flavors and spices is a mystery. Typically you can't find complex flavors and spices unless you dabble with indian dishes (curries and such). This is definitely an experience any foodie should seek out. Pay attention - cos you might miss it.
5	WOW!!  Do you guys deliver to Boston?!I ordered the Blackened Cajun Fish Burrito.Best burrito I have ever had and I'm not a real Mexican fan. But this I can eat everyday !! Portions great for the price too !!
5	If you like delicious food, then more delicious food packed into convenient burrito packaging, you love Jamburritos. The blackened catfish burrito [and all the catfish] is ridiculously great. 2 grown adults can easily fatface on a single burrito. K-Sadillas are fantastic as well. If you haven't tried this food truck, do not hesitate, the hype is 100% warranted!
4	I (finally) gave Jamburritos another chance this morning after having a yummy sample from them at an event earlier this year. This morning the husband and I shared a chicken jamburrito... it was legit tasty. It had yummy bold flavors, fresh ingredients, juicy chicken, and ...the best part?.... green peas.... yum! It was served with a spicy red sauce and a mild green sauce... the red sauce was delicious, the green sauce was nothing special. The burrito itself was huge, more than enough for the two of us. I would come here again for sure. Glad I gave them another chance!
