5	Absolutely a Hidden Gem! I normally stay at the Wynn so I know what classy means in Vegas. I happened to find this hotel through Hotels.com and I decided to call them to ask for their rates. For about $200, I got the princess suite. It was ridiculous! A full kitchen, living room, bedroom, washer and dryer, and a jacuzzi tub in my bathroom. Oh yeah, the room was enormous! The staff there was extra friendly - more than any other hotel i've ever been to. I think I'll go back there just for the hell of it. I don't really care to be in Vegas but i'll go back there just to be in the Hotel. I have to say that the other amenities like their pool area and their gym facility are super clean and worth a huge mention. I worked out for like 30 minutes so i got to test out their equipment. I like! Also, if you want room service, they have some of the best food at any time of the day. I had the simple burger but it tasted like a gourmet burger and i also tried the chorizo and egg nacho platter. ~~~~MMMMMMMMMMMMMM~~~~ Yummy!Go and tell them Kevin Le and his Trainer posse sent you!
4	I almost don't want to let the secret out. Behind Bally's, there's a little condo/hotel called The Platinum. For $200 a night, you can get a 1 bedroom suite a block away from the strip. And it's not just any suite. It's a NICE suite! The decor is modern, neutral shades of beige, white, and black. Nice use of textures. The kitchen is fully stocked with a sparkly clean fridge (which came in very handy when I was full after 2 bites of my $50 Delmonico's steak) glasses, dishes, stove, pots, pans, dishwasher, coffeemaker and all the other kitchen amenities. I admit-- it was nicer than my kitchen at home. There was also a washer/dryer that was available for extra charge that I didn't need to use. But they did provide Snuggle. It was just nice to open the cabinet and have that little bear smiling up at me from his box of fabric softener.  The livingroom are has an awesome Sharp Aquos flat panel TV mounted in the wall (I wanted to put it in my purse and take it home with me) with a pull-out sleeper sofa. I slept on it. It was actually comfortable. (I know it's hard to come by a comfy sleeper sofa, so if you need a suite with a nice one, visit The Platinum.) There was also a private balcony with a modern-looking steel patio set. I didn't use it because it was sweltering,. but it would be nice probably any other time of the year. TIP: Be sure to peruse the literature on the coffee table for spa coupons! The bedroom had another flatscreen TV and a comfy bed (smooshy pillows) and a really cool large round mirror that I also wanted to put in my purse. I should have brought a bigger bag.Now, on to the main event: The bathroom. If you have no other reason to stay here, stay for the bathroom. Aside from the shower, double vanity, spa-quality bath products, fluffy towels, marble tile, and attention to detail (what, did you forget to pack your cotton swabs? Here, we have some for you in this tiny wooden box!) it has a HUGE Whirlpool tub, probably big enough for you and your three closest friends/people you picked up at the club that night. The hotel pool is located on the 5th floor and it's rockin. It has a great view of the Strip. You can burn yourself to oblivion on one of the many rockers, or sit and sio martinis indoors and still be by the indoor section of the pool. Ahhh tempterature control. God's gift to Man.Be aware, though, that this hotel has no casino. You'll have to walk a short block to get to the Strip to give away your money, which is fine at night, but tough on the psyche on a hot summer day. The plus side to have no casino (and being fairly new) is that the hotel doesn't reek of centuries-old cigarette smoke. It's clean, it's fresh, it's nice. Check out the Well Spa on the 4th floor. Minus one star because valet is a bitch and cabs are hard to come by here. Arounds check-out on Sunday, the tiny valet area becomes horrendously overcrowded and the two valet guys (along with one helpful chef in full-kitchen-garb) are all too busy pulling up people's cars to call you a cab. Plus, since it's a bit off the beaten path, cabs don't generally come down there on their own. Hopefully they'll get a handle on that soon.
5	didn't expect much from this place at first, but wow I was amazed. This hotel is nice. The suites are very spacious with a kitchen, washer/dryer combo, two flat panel tvs, etc. The rooms look very well done, with a nice modern design. You even get a balcony! I stayed here for work, but i would consider staying here for leasure. The only downside is that it is not on the strip. Otherwise i have no complaints.
4	This was hands down the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas.  I scored a sweet deal on Expedia for $125 a night.  The rooms are pretty much like a condo, with a separate bedroom and living room area that has a pull out bed.  The bathroom was my favorite part about this place with a separate shower and a huge oversized bathtub with jets.My only complaint was that the kitchen was not fully stocked and there weren't any pots or pans!
5	One of the biggest decisions to make about a Vegas vacation is where to stay. You've got more options than probably any other city, and just like buying a house or deciding where to rent (ok, a bit of a stretch, but the same deal) it's all about location, price, comfort, and overall benefits, including luxuries and special extras.Fortunately for us, the Platinum ($170 for Saturday night) panned out as an excellent choice in delivering on all elements of what we were looking for in a Vegas hotel. Granted, it's one block off (a long, extended Vegas block) off the strip and doesn't contain a casino, but we were ok with that. After marching up and down the strip for hours it's nice to retreat back to a place that's quiet and comfortable. Our room (which was a standard suite) was close to 900 square feet, equipped with a full kitchen overlooking a large living room area with flat screen, and outdoor patio. The bedroom was spacious with a queen bed and connected to the bath with a deep Jacuzzi tub and stand-in stone shower. This place is maybe a year old so everything is close to brand new. We were on the pool level (Floor 5) so you could see the indoor/outdoor pool from our window and balcony. The rooftop pool is swanky and upscale like a high-end LA hotel pool, minus the crowds and fake blondes. It's not your typical giant Vegas swimming hole, although it's got both and outdoor and indoor area. There's also bar and round papason chairs with pillows, as well as comfy couches with fire pits for evening lounging. You're not going to get the MTV beach party/Hard Rock Hotel pool experience, but rather a time to chillax...perfect for a Sunday recovery day. Ordered room service one morning, which was surprisingly good for hotel food. We ordered the mixed green salad ($13), with the choice of about 10 ingredients, which was an interesting combination of salmon, red onions, caramelized pears, blue cheese, and avocado. The best choice was the chicken, brie and asparagus sandwich ($15), served on warm brioche bread and fruit salad. We felt pretty sophisticated eating our meal on the granite bar, sporting the soft hotel robes. Ah, Vegas.The only slight downfall of our Platinum experience was that we weren't able to check into our rooms until 4pm the day we arrived, so we had to change in the bathrooms and leave our stuff with the bellhop. To make up for the late check-in, they let us check out the next day at 1pm (instead of regular time at 11am) which helped. Later I received an email for a $100 voucher to use towards spa services or food/beverages at the hotel during my next stay, as another excellent incentive for a return visit here. An interesting sidebar to our stay was upon check-out, there was a woman complaining to the restaurant manager about a meal she has last night. As I was talking to the front desk person I overhead some conversation about her meat being undercooked or something, but wasn't fully paying attention to all the details...until she pulled out a box and say, "Look! Look at this! Do you see this?" Unfortunately she had her back to us, so we couldn't see what was in the box. For the remainder of the trip we talked about how lovely our stay was at the Platinum, and most importantly, wondered what the hell was in that box.
5	The Platinum did not disappoint!It was everything as advertised.  It reminded me of a W hotel.My worry was since it was off strip and a non gaming hotel that finding a taxi would be a problem.  It wasn't at all!  They either have people waving taxis in or they can call for one for you.  I didn't have to wait  more than 5 minutes on a Friday or Saturday night.  I didnt get a chance to dine at the restaurant, but did enjoy lunch poolside (chopped salad) which was quite yummy.  Since it's a condo/hotel usually I expected the clientele to be older or families.  But I think the word is out and that it's slightly changing - as evidenced by the several bachelorette parties and young women I saw poolside. Ummm...where was I?  Oh yeah - definitely check out the Platinum!!
2	Thank goodness I didn't pay for this room, otherwise I would've been seriously disappointed.Several issues with this place -A. When I checked in I was asked for a credit card, to be charged for any incidentals that may occur. Now of course we are all used to this but the amount that is tying up my account it more than excessive - 100/night?? What the heck???? Even I don't watch that much porn.  I couldn't find a mini-bar either so I don't know what they expect you to spend it on.B. Another member of the cast decided to eat at the hotel restaurant - an hour and a half later they were both sick as dogs and when he called down to let the hotel know (in hopes I would think to let the chef know that food is bad) they didn't seem to care one lick, in fact the only thing they cared about was sending security up to the room to file a report to make sure they don't get sued.C. The rooms are "corporate". A full kitchen, living room, patio, bedroom and bath, with shower and whirlpool tub.  I guess this is a working man's hotel since there is no casino on the floor and really no personality to the hotel itself, which is saying a lot, when on the strip you can go from Paris to Planet Hollywood to Caesar's Palace in a block. Oh, and as mentioned before - why give a full kitchen with glasses and everything but no pots to cook in???? Odd.The stars are for the really good personal temperature control and the whirlpool bathtub - so big I can take a swim in it. Platinum, I think you need to change your name to Silver. (Especially since there is a Platinum Strip Club about a block away from you - do you really want the constant confusion??)
4	Cynthia C. pretty much summed up all of the pro's and con's to this place.. However, on with my review.. I was very happy because my friends had found and booked the Platinum Hotel. First off, the prices were great considering the size of the room we got and the price. Each night cost around $300 (excluding New Years Eve, which got bumped up to almost $500). Anyhow, we had stayed in the Princess Suite which included a full kitchen, living room with pull-out bed, bedroom with two queen beds, a huge bathroom w/shower & bathtub with jets, and a balcony. The room was very nice and clean. For the price, I thought it was great since a suite on the strip would have cost much, much more. (Our friends stayed at Mandalay and paid more than us, and their rooms were TINY!) Anyhow, some of the negatives of this hotel:- bad customer service... the front desk staff was borderline rude.. they weren't friendly at all and caused me to be frustrated many times. (However, the valet staff was VERY friendly and nice)- Housekeeping is very lazy at this hotel. Our rooms were cleaned halfway most of the time, and it took HOURS to get anything to our room when housekeeping did not replace it (towels, toilet paper, etc).- There is a full kitchen with plates, bowls, cups, and utensils, but absolutely NO pots or pans... UM, how am I supposed to cook without pots and pans?? This was very odd to me since I stay in hotels with kitchens all the time (with timeshare), and have never not had pots and pans. Luckily, we had family in the area and they let us borrow some for the week. But this is something they need to think about - adding pots and pans to the rooms. Because since there was a kitchen, my friends and I had bought lots of groceries for breakfast/lunchtime/late night snacks for the times when we didn't want to eat out. Pros:+ Large, spacious rooms at a good price.+ No casino on the bottom level, so it's never rowdy or hectic inside the hotel.+ Cool indoor/outdoor pool with lounge beds around the pool and a bonfire. + Very comfortable shower water.Overall, I would definitely recommend Platinum Hotel if you are staying in Vegas. Although there are a few negatives, the positives definitely outweighed the negatives for me. The rooms are HUGE compared to what you'll get on the strip. And even though it is a block away from the strip, it's nice because of that too. It's never loud or hectic inside the hotel. Also, transportation prices aren't too bad. about $5-$10 depending where you wanna go on the strip. And it was around $11.00 to get to the furthest points from Platinum (ex. Luxor/Mandalay Bay)
5	The Platinum Hotel and Spa is fabulous!  The hotel just opened about a year ago so, everything is brand new.  This is an all suite hotel.  I stayed in a solitaire suite, which was over 900 square feet with a full kitchen, living room with plasma television, and large bathroom with a whirlpool tub.  The hotel had a real nice indoor/outdoor pool, restaurant, and fitness center.   The hotel is just down the street from the center portion of the strip, within walking distance to Bally's, Bellagio, and Ceaser's Palace.   The customer service is great, everyone is very friendly and helpful.  I'd definitely recommend the Platinum to anyone going to Las Vegas.
5	for my birthday in 2007, my bf and i spent the first few days of my birthday week in vegas.  we stayed at the platinum hotel (an excellent choice).  it's a non-gaming and non-smoking (thank you very much!) environment.  the hotel is located one long block from the strip (closest hotels on the strip are bally's, paris, bellagio).  our suite was very spacious and clean.  the kitchen was nice.  it had a stainless steel side-by-side refrigerator (which was great for us to store our bottles of water, alcohol, and some of the leftovers we had); an electric stove, microwave, dishwasher, plates, glasses and silverware.  the living room area had a comfortable sofa, side chair, a bose music system, a mounted lg plasma tv, and a fireplace.  the private outdoor terrace had a nice view of the mountains.  the bedroom was furnished with a comfy king size bed, chair, and flat screen tv.  the bathroom was fabulous.  it had double vanities (which was wonderful because i got to keep all of my accessories and necessities on one side while my bf had his side to keep his stuff and splatter with water whenever he used the sink), a whirlpool tub big enough to fit two, a stand-in shower, and a closet.  we even had a washer/dryer in the suite, which we made use of on our last day there so that we didn't have to bring back dirty laundry (my bf didn't care too much if he did or not, but i cared because i didn't want to carry back a bag full of clothes that had an unpleasant smell of smoke from when we were in the casinos).we were so pleased with our stay at the platinum, that when we returned home from our trip, i made reservations to go back a couple of months after.  i also received $100 credit towards food and beverage or spa services on my next visit.  so, i definitely took advantage of that offer.a couple of months after our first visit, we returned again.  the staff was friendly and accomodating.  the suite was clean and had all the amenities.  that time we had a view of the strip.  i'll surely consider the platinum hotel when i go back to vegas.  hopefully that one cute valet guy will still be there.  ;-)viva las vegas!  =)
4	If you are looking for hotel prices in Las Vegas that exceed their quality, The Platinum Hotel will surely blow you away. It is a 10-15 minute walking distance to the strip where Planet Hollywood is. It is a quiet non-casino hotel. Let me start off with the rooms. The rooms are beautiful. The Platinum is an all suite hotel, so the amenities are great. We reserved a Solitaire Suite and when we checked in, they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a Princess Suite, which was sweet! It included an awesome flat screen in the living room, our very own washer & dryer, a full kitchen with granite counter tops, a fridge equipped with  drinking water filtration & an ice maker (so you don't have to make those annoying ice box trips), and a 2 person jacuzzi in the bathroom, which by the way, is decked out in marble and granite. And for the ladies, a very nice ion retractable cord hairdryer, better than what I have at home! Guys, don't think I'm not leaving you out, they have full size ironing board and CLEAN steam irons for those wrinkled shirts and pants packed in your luggage. If any of you are in for a long stay and worried about closet space, do not worry, they have PLENTY to go around..they have a full sized closet in the bathroom as well as in the bedroom. There were a few things I was disappointed about. The kitchen did not have any pots and pans to cook with. It may be possible you need to request them, but I didn't ask, so I would never know. They did have some flat sheets stored in the oven, so we decided to buy some frozen pizza and microavable foods.
2	Yes, these rooms are very nice with the kitchen and bathroom, etc.  However, a hotel's purpose is to provide a room I reserved.  I booked a room with 2 queen sized beds, and when I arrived, there was only 1 bed.  When I called the front desk to inquire what happened, they informed me that its not guaranteed I get the number of beds I requested.  What?  They offered to send "housekeeping" to make the pull-out sofa bed, and by that they meant dumping a bag of sheets at our door.  After complaining to management, they "upgraded" us to a suite with 2 queens.  It's not really an upgrade if it's what I originally asked for, now is it....?  Also, parking was extremely annoying.  They only had valet service, which made getting your car a pain, since there was never anyone around to get your car.  Also - one of them was extremely rude to my friend who was visiting us, saying that there were "plenty of other hotels to park at".  Finally, they charged our credit card for the full amount of our room before we even checked out!All in all, the rooms are nice (except the pillows suck and the sofa bed was extremely uncomfortable), but the service and the attitude of every employee makes me never want to stay here again.  For the same price I could be on the strip with professional customer service....
5	Platinum Hotel and Spa rooms are FREAKIN HUGE...I didn't care that I stayed off the strip b/c I had a rental w/me.  The only downside to this was that you always had to valet park.  I think there was another hotel behind us and we always said that we'll park there and walk, but when it's 3:30am and you're tired, you just give in.  Customer services was excellent.  Our room was 900+sq ft!  A living room w/a Sharp Aquos LCD...A queen pull out in the living room.  Full kitchen w/microwave, fridge, oven, stove, silverware, etc...check out their site if you need the specifics...I liked the fact that I can drink the water from the fridge, which was filtered, and not buy their 6.99 bottles of water...bathroom had a jetted tub, w/separate shower, did I mention the bathroom was huge also?  Great service, I would definitely...wait, I will stay here next time!
4	never heard of it before.  our bachelorette party organizer booked it.  i was skeptical about the smoke-free, gamble-free hotel but it's a PLUS PLUS PLUS for me cuz you don't have to worry about your room smelling funny.  WOW...i was impressed!!  =D  nice decor, HUGE ROOMS, full kitchen (can chill wine and food in the fridge).  we were also fortunate to have a balcony with a view!  there's a full pullout bed sofa in the living room.  facilities are wonderful.the only bad thing was the restaurant on the 5th(?) floor.  they were understaffed (although there were two people at the front doing nothing).  kitchen and service was slow.but i would totally recommend this hotel!!!  =)
4	I always stay in nice hotels in LV and my favorite is probably THEhotel at Mandalay because I like having a suite and the bathroom is amazing, but also because I kind of loathe having to walk through a casino to get to my room. However, on our weekend, the rooms at THEhotel were going for $400 a pop, so we opted to try the Platinum instead. The Princess suite was over 1000 square feet with a huge bedroom and a living room/kitchen area that easily accommodated the 20ish people we had over for cocktails. The balcony is a lovely addition, although someone had obviously ignored the warning that they would be charged $500 for smoking out there, as the wall showed several burn marks where cigarettes had been snubbed out. If you're trying to hide the fact that you're smoking, do you snub out a cigarette on a tan stucco wall? The bed was nothing to write home about but the bathtub was ENORMOUS, definitely big enough for two.  As mentioned, the water pressure was unexpectedly awesome, and at least one of my friends who were also staying at the hotel mentioned it. I didn't experience any issues with customer service, as reported by other Yelpers. The housekeeping staff was amazing, the valets were always running and even put away my groceries when I asked for help bringing them up. Justin at the front desk bent over backwards to make me happy.  Cynthia C. did a great job of pointing out the pros and cons and I have to agree, it was a bit strange that they provided a full oven/stove with spatulas and other cooking utensils but no pots or pans. A quick run to a Dollar Store up the street, however, solved that in short order. But should you have to do that? Meh, I didn't mind, and considering that I wouldn't even have had a kitchen in THEhotel at all, it was a minor inconvenience.
4	I won't go into a description of the hotel as many reviews here already describe it in great detail.  I found The Platinum online when I searched for "non-smoking, non-gaming" in Las Vegas.  My partner and I were going to see Bette Midler and only needed a one night stay, something close to the strip.  We were pleasantly shocked at the size of the suite and everything in it for $170 + tax/night.  We loved the pool (especially since it was 108 degrees), poolside drinks, and the restaurant food was actually pretty good!  The staff suggested we not get a cab to the strip because it was rush hour and suggested we walk..  If it hadn't been so hot, the walk would've been fine.  If the staff tells you to walk and it's hot out, DON"T DO IT...or take water with you. We weren't particularly impressed with the desk staff ...they seemed a bit  stuffy and did not tell us about the free glass of wine and appetizers when we arrived...didn't find out until we checked OUT.  And, I think 4 pillows and a bedspread that weights a ton on a double bed is a bit excessive...not to mention the housekeeping staff that has to deal with all of that.  But, all in all, we were very happy with the hotel and would recommend it to anyone that needs a more healthy environment than the strip hotels provide!
5	Pictures did this hotel no justice! Hubby & I were celebrating our 1 year anniversary & after staying at 5 star resorts like the Wynn & being completely disappointed with the service, we figured we would have nothing to lose for $420/4 nights.First of all, we were greeted by friendly valet & bell hops. Ahhhh heaven! No line to check in. When we asked for a strip view they gladly upgraded us with strip & pool views free of charge.Let me just say that the rooms totally blew us away! Try finding a 1000 +sf room on the strip with jacuzzi bath tub , kitchen, washer/dryer,  balcony with table, FREE GYM & strip views for this price & what a pleasure not inhaling cigarette smoke 24/7!We will definately book here next time in Vegas.
5	I love this hotel. I haven't been to Vegas in years, and there are a lot of new hotels popping up, including this one. This one is slightly off the strip, but only one block from the Bellagio, Cesars Palace, and the Paris. The hotel does not have a casino, which I love because I don't gamble, and so the crowd that frequents this hotel is a bit quieter and not as rowdy. However, there are still a lot of bachelorette parties and groups staying here since it's just a great location and place to stay. The best part of this hotel is that they are all suites, and they are actually apartment/condo units that people own. They rent the rooms out via the hotel staff. I love that everything is treated like a hotel other than the fact that the units are owned by someone. [This may be a worthy investment for frequent Vegas goers. ]The hotel is modern and pristine. The rooms are spacious. We got 2 Solitaire rooms for 8 girls. Both the kitchen and the bedroom are amazing. The kitchen is gourmet, and stocked with silverware, cups, plates, etc. The bedroom has the biggest bed, comfy  sheets and blankets and a HUGE bathroom with shower and spa tub.The pool is indoor/outdoor, and with the Vegas heat, this is perfect. We lounged by the indoor pool and swam in and out of the passage to the outer pool. They also served drinks and food poolside and the service was impeccable. We were here for a bachelorette, and it was a great relaxing weekend. The room was perfect for the get together because it was so spacious and we could all sit around drinking wine, opening presents, and playing games. The island in the kitchen is also a great place for all to gather and eat. Will definitely stay here again next time in Vegas.
5	I recently got married in Vegas and requested that all guests and family members stay at the Platinum for the wedding. I called in months in advance and got a great rate for the group. The hotel was absolutely perfect! When we arrived and told them we were there for our wedding we were automatically upgraded to a Princess Suite (at no additional cost). The room was massive! The bath tub was HUGE! The Platinum is a non-gaming/smoking hotel which actually has a nice feel to it. And the fact that you can go straight to your room without having to walk thru a smoky casino was definitely a perk. The Platinum has a Spa located on the 4th floor. Me and all of my bridesmaids went there on the morning of the wedding to have our make-up done and they did and excellent job! Danielle did my make-up and she made me feel soo comfortable and helped me to get over my wedding day jitters! I definitely plan to spend more time at the spa on my next visit to Vegas. The one down side is that the hotel only has valet parking so there was some delay in picking up the car. But the valet attendants were very pleasant and helpful.
5	I was actually one of the bridesmaids that was in Krystal's wedding that she mentions below. I ended up staying at the Platinum hotel for 5 days...I must say I was sad to leave afterwards.The room was impecable! It was like an apartment! There was a full kitchen with a fridge (with ice maker and water), stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, full living room, balcony with table and 4 chairs, bedroom, desk, bathroom with jacuzzi tub. Really what more could you want?!The spa looked great. I got my make up done there and although it was rushed I would love to see what their massages are like.The pool was wonderful. There is an indoor part and an outdoor part and is suitable for all the types of weather. There were even waitresses walking around with trays of canteloupe and honey dew mellon offering them up to us. Plenty of towels and waitresses to bring you drinks if you like. The view was amazing.The room service!! WOW!! You know how most hotels would easily charge you $10 for a bagel and cream cheese. This room service was so reasonably priced and so effecient and quick. Any time I ordered anything they brought it up with in 20 minutes or less. And if you arent for ordering room service you can always cook some food in your room. There is a Jay's market across the street in the Shell Gas Station where you can get some essentials.We pretty much took cab's the entire time in Vegas. Cabs arent normally lined up at the hotel because its not on the strip and not tremendously busy but if you ask the Valet to get one for you its usually there fairly quickly. Its a non gamble non smoking hotel and is definately like a vacation away from the usual vegas hotel life. I cant wait to stay here again
5	We didn't stay here as guests, but we did come for dinner and the New Year's Event held on roof top, their 17th Floor. The restaurant/New Year's eve dinner is reviewed seperately. The Platinum Hotel and Spa is located just a little walk down from the Vegas Strip behind Bally's and across from the Westin on Flamingo Road. It's 2 years old from the time of this review, and wasn't crowded on the days we checked it out. It has 2 dining areas the Stir Lounge and the Kil@wat restaurant (cool name huh?, I thought so). Every part of the hotel is chic, glass + metal + leather + nice flooring + comfy seating + creative furnishing = a great environment & the Platinum Hotel style. Most of our time was spent on the 17th floor/wrap around balcony (180 degree view, you can see the span of the whole strip, from the MGM Grand to the Stratospehere). Music playing inside/out. Warm/dark/Romantic Lighting. Comfortable modern furnishing thoughout with a Bartender serving up $8 cocktails in plastic cups, a full assortment of free desserts,  and free champagne handed out. We're really glad we chose this place away from the craziness of the closed off strip to ring in 2009! Compliments to the Food&Beverage director (originally from Sarasota, Florida) for sharing her gem off the strip with us.
4	Ladies and gents, if you're a regular to Vegas and if visiting typical touristy attractions all day have lost its luster, if gambling is not what draws you here, and what you are looking for is to simply vacay to relax and get away from it all...take my hand to swerve away from the Las Vegas strip and join me off the beaten path to venture just slightly off-strip to The Platinum Hotel. Here I present you with an affordable-option that rivals in luxury to hotels such as MGM , Monte Carlo, and NYNY. This non-casino hotel boasts very comfortable accommodations. It is a nice suite-hotel that is more like a very nice 1 bedroom apartment than the average Las Vegas hotel. The rooms here are spacious. They feature a full-sized kitchen -- microwave, stove, oven, glasses, plates and utensils and a living room with a big-screen LCD TV. If you're tired and want to rest, the bedroom is privately enclosed. The best, is the jacuzzi hot-tub in the restroom. Load it up with bubble-bath and enjoy a little fun soak! There's even a washer and dryer for you to do your laundry if you need to.It's close enough to the strip where you can take a quick taxi-ride to the strip. I have been here twice, and I have to say, for an off-strip hotel this place is pretty awesome!
4	Stayed here for a business trip last week and was very pleased with the hotel. The suites are very spacious and comfortable. I loved the jacuzzi tub - after a long day of all work and no play (in town for a tradeshow of course), a soak in the tub was just what I needed. The suites also have really nice balconies and very well-equipped kitchens. Just beware - if you use the in-room dishes and the maid takes them away, they won't necessarily be replaced automatically! Room service was excellent - I recommend the steel cut oatmeal for breakfast. The bartenders on the first floor are nice, but one of the waitresses was a little weird. There's also a restaurant on the fifth floor, and I grabbed a quick to-go breakfast there one day when they forgot to give us the breakfast room-service order form the night before. I'm glad I did - the smoked salmon bagel I had was much more filling than the in-room breakfasts available. The hotel isn't too close to anything (except a next-door gas station), but if you don't mind being off the strip, it is a great place to stay in Vegas with spacious accommodations and no insanely busy casino to navigate through on the first floor!
2	Stayed here for my hs reunion. The room was nice and I was happy up until trying to use the jacuzzi in the bathtub....When we turned on the jets...all this black floatie crap started coming out into the water from the jets. DISGUSTINGI guess they don't know how to clean the jacuzzi tubs?Upon checking out the next day, I told the front desk lady about it and she didn't seem to care much. Just said sorry about that, I'll let someone know. RUDE
4	No complaints about this hotel. I came here with  5 of my girlfriends to celebrate my birthday a few weeks ago. Nice location off the strip. Not too far from it, about a 10 min walk from the strip. We opted to take cabs anyway since it was raining so the distance didn't matter. The suite was great. I got a really good deal through AAA. I booked a solitaire suite, but i believe we were upgraded to the Princess Suite. I could seriously live there. There was a washer and dryer, full kitchen with utensils, and all the other hotel amenities. Tons of closet space. My favorite closet was the one in the bathroom. Sooo spacious!! The hotel is non-smoking with no casino. It seems like a really great hotel to relax at to get away from the craziness of vegas. I'd definitely stay here again!
3	I went through such a wide, extreme  range of emotions during this trip.  I stayed at MGM and moved here when my friend arrived.  This hotel deserves 5 stars for the nice, spacious room and THE VALET STAFF!  BUT...THERE ARE GREAT THINGS ABOUT THIS HOTEL AND BAD THINGS ABOUT THIS HOTEL. Nothing in between... This hotel is an 8-12 dollar cab ride off the strip. EVERYTIME YOU GET IN A CAB!   5-8 minutes depending on where you are.  It is directly down the street from the Palms.   THE GOOD...Check in was very smooth and took no time at all.The rooms are spacious and wonderful.  There is a full kitchen with dishes and a full size fridge.  The bathroom has his and her sinks....GREAT FOR GIRLS GETTING READY!   The shower is heavenly and my friend said the jacuzzi tub was divine!  The bathroom is huge and comes with a full length mirror.  This room was so perfect...if only it was ON THE STRIP!  The beds are comfortable and there is PLENTY OF CLOSET SPACE!!!!  Also, there is a washer and dryer in the room.  THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.  THE VALET STAFF:  The valet are awesome here!  They are always helpful and eager to do so.  Also, the gave us a few rides in the hotel car...their motto, if you take care of us, we will take care of you.  AND THEY DO!  GREAT GUYS!!! THE BAD...THE RESTAURANT:  mediocre at best.  The waiter was not attentive, he forgot to bring my salad and we had to keep reminding him to bring us water.  I ORDERED A BIG GOOEY that I thought had bacon and avocado on it.  When it came it was a DAMN GRILLED CHEESE....JUST A GRILLED CHEESE!  The server's explanation was for an extra charge you can get bacon and avocado.  (people always do that, he says)  IF PEOPLE DO THAT ALL THE TIME....THEN FREAKIN CHANGE IT!!  I paid 7 dollars for a grilled cheese sandwich!  ANGRY IS NOT THE WORD!  THE SPA:  I was partying a little too hard in Vegas an broke 2 nails.  I called to the spa to see if they could do a nail repair and had to make an appointment for an hour and a half later.  Check in was easy and the waiting area was very peaceful.  The manicurist DID NOT KNOW HOW TO DO ACRYLIC NAILS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHO DOES NAILS AND CAN DO ACRYLICS???????????  WHAT IN THE HELL????????  The nail broke twice while she was doing it.  I FINALLY JUST LEFT with 2 broke middle finger nails!  Again....angry is not the word!  THE BAR:  Didnt visit because of time constraints but it decor is hot!  THEY DON'T HAVE RED BULL.  WHAT BAR DOESNT HAVE RED BULL?  How did we find that out you ask?  Well, my friend needs a solid 8 hours or more of sleep.  WELL, THAT'S JUST NOT POSSIBLE...SUCK IT UP GET OVER IT!  IT'S VEGAS B!#$@!  So she calls down the the concierge to see if the bar has red bull.  They said yes she could come get some.  When she got to the bar....the bartender says they don't have any.  WTF?????? DIDN'T SHE JUST CALL???? THE UGLY....THE FRONT DESK HAS SOME SERIOUS COMMUNCATION ISSUES!  We were given a free upgrade to a Princess suite.  But, low and behold when we open the door...WE HAVE ONE DAMN BED!  AND NOT A KING SIZE BED....A DAMN QUEEN!  Keep in mind there are 2 of us and we ain't gay.  I immediately call the front desk and ask if another room is available and she told me....THEY DO NOT GUARANTEE ROOMS UPON CHECK IN.   So, basically we had to suck it up.  That was the first issue...then, after a long night at Tryst, we requested late check out.  Well, someone was booked in the room after us, so we had to get out.  IF THEY DO NOT GUARANTEE ROOMS, why couldn't they just SWITCH THEM TO A ROOM WHERE THE GUEST CHECKED OUT?  RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Friend said the jacuzzi was awesome so I attempt to get in....this mysterious brown crud propelled out of the jet when I turned it on.  It was scary and disgusting!!!!!!!  *pictures enclosed*  The hotel is fully aware of the issue, according the front desk!!  Conclusion:  GREAT HOTEL....EXPENSIVE CAB RIDES TO AND FRO....FRONT DESK STAFF BITCHY,RUDE AND PLAGUED WITH COMMUNICATION PROBLEMS.  AWESOME PLACE...WITH SOME ISSUES!!!  I haven't made up my mind if I am going to take them up on their free upgrade because of the jacuzzi.  ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!  Maybe your experience will be better than mine.  I LOVED STAYING HERE EVEN WITH THE BAD AND THE UGLY!
5	My perfect hotel for Las Vegas.  Non-smoking, non-casino.  You can go to the casino or show, and then come home to a spa style environment.  Wonderful spa, especially for couples -- private mud/steam experience, then massage.  Walkable to the Ballagio in one direction, and the Hard Rock in the other.
4	Stayed at Platinum May of 2008.Platinum is a very chic property. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you get inside, it definitely has a classy feeling. There's a little bar/lounge to your left as soon as you get in. My buddies and I dropped our luggage off at the bell hop and walked the strip and returned about an hour later.The front desk was pretty friendly, but nothing out the ordinary or especially exceptional about their service. We get up to our room and it's absolutely immaculate completely furnished like a stylish condo. Full kitchen, fridge, living area with a couch, flat screen TV. Our beds were in a separate bedroom and the room and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was just huge, with a GIGANTIC hot tub in the room along with a nice shower separate from it. There were robes ready in the closets. I got the hot tub ready and soaked in for a bit of time and relaxed... I threw on my robe and felt like a million bucks. I felt like a penny went I took it off and realized there was a dead bug on it. The property has a restaurant on one of the floors, right next to the swimming pool area. The service at the restaurant was pretty awful.. I think they were short staffed because the person who appeared to be the manager was running around with his head chopped off. It took forever to get our food, but it tasted decent. (Go elsewhere on the strip for a more satisfying breakfast experience).The swimming pool at the property is pretty nice, but it's small. But it wasn't a big deal because I realize it would only be occupied by the hotel guests. Half of the pool was indoors which was pretty cool. Aside from the indoor spot, there wasn't enough shade in the outdoor portion. The bar at the swimming pool had nightclub drink prices... Rip off.. Just buy a few bottles of liquor and mixers, throw them in the fridge, and make your own drinks. The other thing one of my friends took advantage of was the Massage Therapy. You don't have to leave the property to be pampered. It seems they have all the things you need at this hotel, which seems to be convenient. I'm guessing my buddy enjoyed it because he went 2 or 3 times within one trip (He said the massage therapists were very attractive). But don't expect a happy ending here ;)Overall Platinum was very nice. Very clean, very quiet, and the rooms are large and beautiful. The thing I didn't like much was the location on the strip and it gets real boring. I think it would be good for a couple to get away and stay in, but for a group of party goers, it's a little too tame for Vegas. I've always enjoyed staying at casino properties because you can just take the elevator down and get a drink, gamble or hit a 24 hour coffee shop. You can't do that in Platinum. If you don't mind long walks to get anywhere, you might be fine, but I found myself taking cabs like crazy from this property.If you're looking for a more tame, intimate or relaxing experience, I would recommend Platinum, but if you're looking to party and be near a party at all times, I would recommend a hotel property in a casino.
4	Platinum Hotel is a nice hotel.  The rooms are clean, and the place lacks all the smoke and noise of the hotels that are closer to the strip.  For some people this is a good thing, but for those looking forward to being able to gamble and whatnot till 4AM in the morning and then take an elevator to your room to rest, try elsewhere.  Besides that though, this place is great.My only gripe with this hotel was one involving me reserving 2 Queen/Solitaire Suite with (2) Queen Beds, but when I got there they only had the (2) suites with (1) King Bed each.  I spoke with them and called in for the pull in beds and it also helped that the couch was also a pull out too, so that served our needs.  So, all in all, wasn't a deal breaker.  I did like the suites though for the most part, bathroom was huge, Kitchen came stocked with glasses, silverware, and small appliances, no pots or pans, but it didn't matter.  Although we didn't use it that much, it was nice to have it available to us if we did.The place itself is located (2) blocks from the strip and is pretty easy to find from the 15 Freeway.  Get off on flamingo and keep driving down, and it will be on your right.  All in all, not a bad hotel, just make sure you confirm A FEW times before you go there.
4	Platinum Hotel is very nice.  I've been told that this is one of the newer Las Vegas properties.  Rather than put their money into a pimped out casino, they seem to have invested in the rooms.  I think that was a smart move, considering that the Strip is but a short walk away.  Bally's is the closest, then Caesar's.  The rooms are huge, and are quite a bit nicer than rooms of comparable price on the Strip.  The bathrooms are giant; ours had a huge whirlpool bath.  The room was clean and comfortable, and came with a fully equipped kitchen (stove, fridge, oven, microwave, glasses, plates and utensils).  I don't like to eat out all the time in Vegas since it's a town of Vegetable Fail, so I like an equipped kitchen.Only problem with the place is that they initially didn't deliver on the king bed I requested.  Eventually, through finagling, I got it.  Still, gotta dock them for making me work for it.  After all, it was a confirmed reservation.Staff is nice and professional.  I recommend the place, unless you are a smoker.  They don't allow it anywhere in the hotel.
5	I seriously have no complaints about this place. It was affordable, a convenient location (sure it's off strip but that was a perk during the busy Memorial Day weekend), and clean.  Because it's not connected to a casino, there is no smoke!  There's a spa and a pool and a bar.  I didn't get to experience any of these because I was there for such a short period of time (barely 24 hours) but in the short period of time I was able to nap sporadically and the beds are super soft and comfy (except for the sofa bed, that felt like a sofa bed - not comfy).Hassle free check in and check out.  Mandatory valet parking which is both convenient and but can hold you back when you're in a rush.
2	Ahhh, the "Platinum" Hotel...where do I begin? More like bronze, silver, etc...Let me keep this somewhat short and to the point. If you're in town on business, MAYBE try this hotel, but if you're looking for the Vegas experience and want to party and have fun, look elsewhere. Keep in mind, if you read this, I have been to Vegas to party on numerous occasions and stayed at a plethora of hotels...Let me list my complaints in order:-Our room reservation got screwed up- they made us wait 2 hours! Yes 2 hours in the lobby waiting to check in our room. Our 2 bed reserved room had 1 bed- horrible. -Their customer service at the front desk was ridiculously poor. The lady had an attitude as soon as we got there and even told us, "this isn't like other Vegas hotels, so if you have more than 2 people staying in this room when we investigate, we WILL charge you per person". Investigate?? Who says that? We asked for 2 beds for a total of 4 people and they tripped out. -The room was decent size compared to those on the strip, but its NOT on the strip so it should be cheaper-duh. Big ugly stain on the carpet, and guess what else- blood on our bed sheets, no joke!!! Blood! Are people being murdered in this place or what? Took them 3 hours to replace the sheets btw. -Mandatory valet- say no more. Not a huge deal breaker tho.-Hair all over the jacuzzi tub-gross-No place to grab a cup of coffee unless you walk to the am pm next door.-Its literally a 15-20 minute walk to the strip...ugh. -There's NO icemakers in this place!! None. The fridge has an "icemaker", but ours was just broken i guess. We had to go lug a bag of ice from the 7-11. Okay... the good--Pool was small, but good enough. -Yes, the place is clean (recently built), but the staff makes a point everywhere you go to remind you how snobby and stuck up the hotel is. Overall, when you stay here, you don't feel like you're in Vegas. Yeah i get it, they want to keep it quiet and modern and boring. Okay. But seriously, the place was rude, really understaffed, and simply below average. Just spend the extra 20 bux a nite and go to Paris, MGM, Mirage, anywhere but here.
5	I loved the hotel.  We stayed in a suite and it was enormous.  Each suite has a separate bedroom, livingroom, and kitchen area.  The bathrooms were large (I love that).Just south of Bally's, the Strip is easily accessible (just a 10 minute walk to Paris, Bellagio, and Caesar's Palace).
4	Stayed here for a girls weekend out for 5 days 4 nights.. and loved it.  The hotel is behind Ballys and Flamingo and right around the corner is the Hard Rock. The walk to the Strip is seriously 10 mins! BUT may seem long cus of the hot weather! Since it is just a hotel there really isn't much food selection. There are nearby am/pms, 7-11 and Jays market that has made to order subs, which might I say are HUGE!  Its a non-smoking hotel so beware of a 500 fee if any buds are to be found..even in the balcony!The place itself is big for what you pay for. The kitchen was big with electric stove, microwave, dishwasher and fridge.  housecleaning comes in every morning to clean the dishes and beds. Our suite over looked the strip which was amazing at night. The room had 2 queens with plush pillows. The bathroom was HUGE! A whirlpool that was clean, decent shower, double sinks and tons of mirrors. Downfall of the bathroom is the toilet is out in the open.Pool was nice and relaxing! Not over crowded, beer was cheap, and there is an indoor pool ( which smelled like indoor pool!) Over staff was great, free valet, wish i tried the happy hour. Cab rides were decent fair. Hotel to Moon avg 10 bucks! I would come back and stay here.
4	While I wasn't spending much time in my room, the time I did spend was very nice.  Very spacious and open.  I love the patio with the pool and the view of Vegas.  And as folks have mentioned, it's nice and close to the Strip.Only drawbacks are the whole "you have to enter the room and insert your hotel key to start the AC" thing.  Those rooms are effing hot when you first come in and it takes forever to get them cool.  Also, the fitness center is pretty underwhelming.
4	Any hotel that is completely non-smoking gets a plus in my book.  I know, I know.  This is Vegas so I can never get away from the smoke, but it's nice to come back to a pristine hotel after a long day gambling, shopping, and eating on the strip.Sadly none of the Vegas crew who stayed here ate at the cafe/lounge/restaurants that they have on site, but the one-bedroom suite we stayed in was SO NICE!  The bathroom was huge (although I would have liked a separate toilet), the bed was comfy, and everything seemed brand new.  The AC was definitely confusing to use, but we eventually got the hang of it.  We also knew there was going to be a legit kitchen, so we brought our own snack food to avoid getting pwned by not having a 24-hour cafe at the hotel.  This place is off the strip, but it isn't a very long walk.  The closest hotels are Ballys and the Flamingo, and Ballys connects to Paris so you're not far from the action.  We went when it was pretty dead so I don't think they had a full staff, but everyone was very friendly.  We even called to get some more sheets for the pull-out bed at like 1 a.m. and housekeeping came quickly.I would definitely stay here again!
5	This hotel is AMAZING! My friends got the room with 2 bedrooms, kitchen, washer/drawer, etc. it was amazing! They were getting married, and had the room transformed for the ceremony... beautiful! The balcony overlooks the pool, and you have lovely views of the strip. The staff is very nice, and friendly. the cafes on site are also good, moderate prices (they don't rape you with the prices like everywhere else) and very tasty! Next time i go to vegas, i am definitely staying here, well worth it!
5	I've stayed at this hotel like 3 times. I really LUV this hotel! Here is why I like it:1. Away from the strip but not too far. U can walk to the strip. Plus its in the middle part of the strip. Its kinda behind Balley's. 2. Hotel smells nice, it dont smell like them hotels with the casino's where it smells like smoke and @ss!3. Very clean. 4. The rooms are like lil condo's. There's a kitchen, living room, bedroom and big bthrm. Stand up shower, and a jacuzzi bthtub. Very spacious room. Theres a electric fireplace and a flat screen above that. There's also a flat screen in the room. There's a washer and dryer in the room. Also, a lil balcony. I LUV IT! I EFF'N LUV IT!!!!!
4	Awesome resort about a half mile off of the strip. We stayed here for 2 nights, and the trip was for spending New Years Eve in Vegas. Check in was simple, and I appreciated the fact that they asked for our names so that no visitors can just walk into the resort without being accompanied by a registered guest. The room (Princess Suite) was spacious and comfortable. We really appreciated the full kitchen and loved having the full fridge to store booze in (what else would it be for?). Felt more like an apartment than a hotel room, which worked out great for all our friends joining us for some New Years Eve festivities. I used both the pool area and the fitness center, the fitness center was great, and had way more than a typical hotel gym. The pool area was awesome, as it is indoor-outdoor so you can enter in the warmth of the indoors and swim outdoors without dying of pneumonia in that cold desert air. The only complaint I have about the hotel is that the website states that the rooms include High Speed Internet (Wired and Wireless), however it is included with a charge of 12.99/day. Overall, an awesome off-strip hotel.
4	There are many hotels in Las Vegas, especially some of the bigger ones along that Las Vegas Blvd strip. But I like this hotel very much. The Platinum Hotel is located one "long" block away from the busy strip. There are also no gaming at this hotel. And even better, a non-smoking hotel. So the entire facility and hotel rooms including mine does not allow any smoking. Like that so far?I got a Strip View Solitaire Suite for my two-night stay. For $129.00 per night and as you walk into the huge suite, on the right is a fully-equipped kitchen with a stove, microwave, refrigerator/freezer, coffee-maker and marble kitchen counter.The kitchen: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=pQWF014_JEPcbamKptYCJQStraight ahead is the living room with a high-definition television, and a patio where you can see the needle of the Stratosphere Hotel, Circus Circus and Las Vegas Hilton. The Patio: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=0--3yCEAgohH8L0MmqL_nQOn the left is the bathroom with a dual sink, shower-room and a huge whirlpool tub. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=xP9q4p1uHiGTTPxdJKSFVgAnd next to the bathroom is a bedroom with a huge queen-size bed. This room itself is just as big as any ordinary small bedroom you'll find at any hotel. The bedroom: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=PpgU2iSjCaYC5mzA524FlwThe lobby has a bar lounge with a fireplace. And hotel guests staying at this hotel gets discounts on beverages. The lounge: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=B8QzUJLTLLzIahOap37qBQMy only gripe is that my room has all the kitchen needs, but the bathroom doesn't have a hair-dryer. I'm sure it is available at the front desk. It is good thing I have a military haircut and does not take long for my short hair to dry. If you stay here, bring a hair-dryer.The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. If I come back to Las Vegas, I would definitely stay here again.
5	I've stayed at this hotel several times and it is my favorite off-strip hotel. The Solitaire suite can fit 6 people comfortably. Everything is spacious, bathroom has a whirpool bathtub, and it has a balcony. The pool is both indoor and outdoor, and provides decent eye candy (at least when I was there).The staff is also very friendly and accomodating. Upon request (and as long as they have available drivers), they will drive you down to the strip so you don't have to cab it!
4	The Platinum Hotel Sign me up! I first tried the Platinum in 2008 normally I would not splurge $180/ night for a hotel, but I was feeling stress and my bud offered to drive to Vegas for a one night trip. The Platinum is a few blocks off of the strip, close but not quite walking distance. This hotel is valet parking only and has no casino. This suite is set up like apartment in a city or a time share. It comes with two beds, 2 tvs, a jacuzzi, living room and full kitchen plus his and hers bathrobes. Very clean and nice not super fancy compared to Venetian or other luxury hotels. Great view of the strip!Highly recommend. Great for a large group and maybe a hotel party. I think you only allowed a limited amount of guest, but shh it will fun. Full kitchen with appliances and setting. Bring food to cook and chill your alcohol.
5	Our stay at the Platinum was extremely satisfying, relaxing and a pure enjoyment. The Platinum team really knew how to make us feel special, from the Valet who always remembered our names to the super efficient front desk agents who were always friendly and offered up to date information and assistance. No request was too much to ask, the Front Desk manager made sure of that, she always took time to speak to us and offer us suggestions for dinner, nightclubs etc.Happy hour at the Platinum Bar - Stir was great. The bar was quite busy but not rowdy and the half price drinks and appetisers got us into a fab mood!The room was really spacious & clean with a balcony with views of the pool and the Las Vegas Strip.Housekeeping were very efficient, when we asked for extra linens and towels they were with us within 5-10 minutes, and we received a follow up phonecall to ensure that our needs had been met. We have stayed at many Vegas hotels, but this sort of exceptional service really makes the Platinum stand out for us.We will definitely be going back !
4	Been to Vegas a few times and on my last trip decided I did not need to stay in a Casino hotel or be right on the strip. The clincher was the great deal I found online for under $100/night.  I also appreciated that this was a non-smoking hotel. Its about 2 blocks from the strip and just behind Bally's. The room is HUGE! It was just me and my husband but it could have accommodated another 1 or 2 on the fold out couch. Everything was very clean and modern. I really liked having a kitchen even though I didn't cook anything it was super convenient having a fridge and microwave. it was a little too cold to use the pool but it was a nice outdoor area with cabana and heating lamps.
4	Good bang for the buck hotel.  The suites are spacious. A kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, living room, balcony, with a washer and dryer. It's almost like a small condo and for the price it's a good deal. The ambience and decor is very modern.   The only thing that sucks is the location. It's about a block or two off the strip and there isn't a heavy amount of taxi traffic there so you might be waiting for awhile. There's also no smoking, no casino at this place. If you want a cheap bite to eat, it's right next to AM/PM and 711.  4 stars for the price and comfort of the suite.
5	I have been staying here for 2 months on business, and this hotel is a pleasant rarity in Las Vegas.It is the only non-smoking, non-gaming and dog-friendly hotel in Vegas.  Which makes all the difference here in Vegas.  I brought my dog here and she loves all the staff here and they can't get enough of her too. There is even a small fenced area outside to let your dog run around and do its duties.  You got to give them credit for caring so much.All of the rooms are suites and are clean, modern, and well kept.  It has a large balcony and great strip or mountain views.It is well located between the strip to the west and a bunch of great restaurants to the east, all within walking distance or a cheap cab ride.The restaurant serves a great breakfast at a reasonable price, while their happy hour features $5 apps and half priced drinks is great place to get your fix before heading off to the strip.The hotel has valet-only parking, which is fine, as the parking is secure, covered from the hot desert sun, the valets are always friendly and polite, and I don't have to worry about some stupid careless tourist putting dings in my door like I experienced at other hotels.Platinum also has great amenities.  It has a large modern gym, a large heated indoor/outdoor pool with hot tub, and a spa.The staff is always friendly, courteous and very accomodating, and made my stay very pleasurable.When I return to Vegas for business and vacation I will definitely stay here.  The rooms are an extremely great value, very quiet, very clean and fresh-smelling, and you don't have to navigate through smelly casinos and hoardes of tourists to get back to your room.  You can't say that with any other hotel here.Keep up the great work Platinum!
5	I got a special deal on this via travel zoo, it was $99 for a standard suite. It's a great deal and the room is bigger than most apartments, over 900 sq feet with a full kitchen, living room area, balconey, huge bedroom and bathroom that I drooled over complete with a gigantic jacuzzi tub and a separate shower.There is free valet which is nice and there is no casino in the hotel. I dont think its that far from the strip, it was a good 5 minute brisk walk but there are cheaper hotels right on the strip. It also has a full service spa if you ever want to get a little pampering in.It's worth a visit if your with a group of ppl just because of the giant room you get with the kitchen = some great pre-gaming.
5	Perfect for a girls vacation.  Lots of space and amenties.  Liked the no smoking - no casino atmosphere -- gave everything a sense of calm.  With the exception that it was spring break it was a little chaotic on Saturday night but it all quieted down as the week wore on.  Would definitely return -- staff was friendly, but housekeeping was a little clueless.  It was a great value for three and especially so for us to have a kitchen and a car.  We were able to have breakfast, lunch  and snacks in the room without feeling on top of one another.  Ask for a room on the opposite side of the power station though or on a higher floor.  While its off the strip -- its very walkable and helps keep the lbs off after all the Vegas indulgences!
3	Hood RICH for $99 bucks.  HOOD RICH.  First mistake-assuming the hotel  would genuinely honor and reserve 2 beds. WRONG.  1 kid and thank heavens for the sofa bed. Second mistake-looking at pictures and thinking it was a Vegas hotel.  It's not a Vegas hotel. There is no casino, no nightlife. It's 2-3 blocks from the strip and it's like any comfort suite with a kitchen.With that being said...why am I giving it 3 stars?  ++It was $99 dollars a night...split that among a group of 4....and it's SAVINGS. ++It had a spacious kitchen with plates, glasses, and utensils.Appliances included in the room: microwave and refrigerator.  The kitchen counter was a great place to apply makeup! ++The bathroom was spacious, and did I mention the huge whirpool tub?  Too bad I forgot my epson salt!++While it's off the strip, there is a gas station and 7-11 within walking distance. YES-SKETCHY...but if you have the  munchies for a morning burrito, Cheetos, and chasers to go with your GG like a slurpee...it's like GOLD.  Under the circumstances, the staff was pretty friendly, and at one point even provided a ride to another hotel.  For what it's worth...I would stay here with 4 people.  It''s BUDGET FRIENDLY and a 10 dollar cab ride from airport. Who spends more than 4 hours a night in a hotel room anyway?They must be doing something right. We were on the 17th floor and the hotel was at capacity.
4	this hotel is great if all you want to do in Vegas is chill and relax.  non gambling non smoking which is great and about a 10 minute walk from the strip.  excellent bar courteous staff good food and decent room service prices.  only had three minor and i stress minor problems.  Spa is only open Thurs- sun, TV in room is smallish, and temp controls are in Celsius and damn the metric system.  if you are going to Vegas to party look elsewhere.  if you are on business or looking to chill maybe catch a show then this hotel is for you.
5	My first time to Vegas and we stayed at the Platinum. it was 6 of us girls and we got a room with 2 queen size beds ad a couch bed. we stayed there 3 days 2 nights. total was $70 for each of us. what a good deal! We had a full kitchen,washer/dryer,jacuzzi. we didnt spend much time in the room but it was beautiful. We decided to check out the pool the day we were leaving and we should have sooner! we hung out there and ordered pina coladas and made some cool friends! i loved the fact that this was the only non casino hotel. will stay there for sure on my next visit to Vegas!
4	This place is great, VERY nice rooms for a really good price. They are kind of anal about packing people into one room though... I went with about 11 other people and when we checked in we did so in small groups.. the first group that went in was 5 people and when we got to the desk to check in the lady had a mean ass look on her face and she said "all these people in 1 room?" which is ridiculous because you can EASILY fit 5 people in 1 of the rooms since it has 2 queen beds and a queen pull out in the living room couch. Anyways, we told her that we had 2 rooms (which we did) for the 5 us.. (but really there were 12) and she checked us in.. (the 2nd group of people straggled in through the side door of the place which makes it VERY easy to sneak people in *hint hint*)... The stay was very nice, they have 42" inch wall mounted plasma TVs which allowed us to watch some World Cup matches in our room without having to do the drunken stumble to a bar to watch it... It's a little ways off the strip but if you're a champ you can make the walk.. We walked back from the Venetian and it wasn't TOO bad, I'd recommend walking to the strip and catching a cab back if you've been tired out by your evening... all in all it was a delightful stay and if I go back to Vegas and I can't get a room at the Bellagio, I'll probably stay here again.
5	We booked the Platinum last minute for July 4th weekend because it had the best deal available. We didn't want to get stuck at the end of the Strip, like MGM or Mandalay or TI, because the walk would've been terrible. Even though the Platinum isn't on the Strip, the walk is not that bad, because it is only about 10 minutes to Las Vegas Blvd (and even closer if you cut through Bally's). If you need a cab, the valets easily flag one down for you, and there is no long wait (like other hotels). We've never heard about this place, but based on reviews on TripAdvisor, we had high expectations for the Platinum. The hotel definitely exceeded anything we had expected. For a busy holiday weekend, the Platinum was the best choice for us, because after partying and clubbing, we were able to return to a nice, quiet room. The non-gaming, non-smoking was a plus for me. The full-kitchen had appliances that looked and worked like new. We were able to store drinks in the fridge with an ice dispenser (VERY CONVENIENT!), boil hot water on the electric stove, microwave food, and had plenty of utensils and dishes for dining and glasses for drinking.The living room area was spacious and had a pull-out sofa. We also had a balcony, which overlooked the Strip. It was amazing, considering we had a great view of the fireworks show from Caesar's Palace and was able to avoid the crowd that gathered in the street. The balcony had a table and chairs, so we were able to sit out and drink and just enjoy the fireworks in our own privacy. Even without a view of the strip, we were told we could watch the show from the pool or the rooftop, which they opened specifically for the event.The bathroom was HUGE. There were his and hers sinks and a standing shower, plus a giant whirlpool tub big enough for two people to lay side by side. There was a bathroom closet in addition to a closet in the room. There were also two entrances to the bathroom, one from the living room and one from the bedroom. That way, people staying in the living room could have access to the bathroom without walking through the bedroom.The suite was very spacious and clean. Also helpful was that it was almost soundproof. When we closed the door to the bedroom, the tv playing in the living was almost negligible. For anyone that can't live without internet, there is free wi-fi by the pool and the bar in the lobby.Not to mention, the service here was amazing. Everyone, from the valet, the front desk, room service and poolside service, were friendly and helpful. The gym was state-of-the-art. The pool was average, but still nice with a firepit as well. The prices were especially reasonable. Where else can you order beer for $4 and a chicken quesadilla for $8 POOLSIDE?? They even let us bring our own drinks to the pool, which other hotels would never allow you to do. They even had spa services that had decent pricing which I would have loved to try, but just didn't have enough time. The Platinum made this trip to Vegas the best I ever had. For a holiday weekend, I was expecting to deal with crowds and long waits, but staying here I was able to avoid all of that! The walk may be a bit of a hindrance, but all the perks of the hotel make you completely overlook that one minor thing. I would love to stay here again. I can't believe I never knew about this place before. It is an amazing find! I wish I could keep it all to myself, but I can't stop telling people about my great experience here!
4	I stayed here again for my second go-around in Las Vegas. For $139.00 per night, I made a reservation for a Princess Suite. However my room was on the sixth-floor (out of 24 floors). I didn't get the great view of the towers of hotels of Circus Circus and the needle of the Stratosphere like I had from my first visit. All I get a view of the pool side (located one floor below) and deserted Koval Street. Other than the lack of the glamorous view from my first visit, my suite is pretty much the same. I did get a washer and dryer in my suite, plus a hair-dryer that I didn't get from my first visit. The hair-dryer was hanging in a bag inside the closet. The hair-dryer: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=BlFNHSFqfw08KKC4TciaEAThis time around, I was able to walk around the hotel and check out the pool area. Also, I finally found the hotel's gym, located on the fourth floor. I needed to make room for the great food in my belly, and I had two awesome and intense one-hour morning run on the treadmill. I had the gym all to myself on both workout sessions. The gym: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/XwV2-lISDp_5Acy72bA8Qg?select=ppIqFxTO5RmoBsO_n1jTQAThe hotel-lobby also has a canteen filled with a refreshing citrus-infused water for all guest. The entire hotel staff were very friendly and accommodated my needs. Oh yes, there are many hotels along the touristy Las Vegas Blvd. strip, but I still love and will continue to stay at the Platinum Hotel.
5	I've stayed here with my friends after being recommended by my mother, who is a travel agent. We were able to secure a super cheap price. We also were able to upgrade to the Princess Suite. The last time I went we reserved three rooms! The customer service there is exceptional! You have to valet your car as they do not allow you to park your own car. If you need a taxi, they will get one for you quick. This hotel is awesome. First of all, it is non-smoking. You won't smell like smoke coming out of the hotel, but you will smell like smoke when you come back. There is a pool and a bar also in the hotel. There is not a casino or club inside this hotel. It is not a casino. It is STRICTLY a hotel. The rooms are pretty big. We were able to fit six people comfortably (if you don't mind sharing a bed with your friends). There was also a pull out sofa bed (which can fit two), a fridge, a washer/dryer and a bathroom that is the size of my living room at home. The bathroom has a shower and a huge bath. The fridge is huge enough to fit a lot of drinks in there.  There is also a dishwasher and a stove for you to cook if you have to. You also have two closets that you can store your stuff in so you don't have to have suitcases or bags blocking the hall area.The Platinum is in walking distance of Bally's. It's about a big block and half to reach the strip. There also is a gas station next to the hotel and a 7-11 if you want to get drinks and snacks that are not over priced. However after you've been drinking or partying it up with your friends, it is easier to get a taxi back to here than walk back. Great place if you want to be away from all of the smoke smell.
4	My brother's girlfriend was looking for a place to hold a small group gathering hotel party for the weekend, and after some searching we came across the Platinum Hotel. It was a deal too good to be true, so we called before booking a room and asked to have a tour of the suites. When we arrived there, just the lobby of the hotel blew me away. It was like walking into your own movie back in the day. Colorful, peaceful and elegant, not full of bells and whistles like most LV Hotel's to expect out of a nicknaming casino. We were greeted by the hotel manager and he took us to see the Princess suite, and I was expecting the two beds and a nightstand typical room. Surprisingly it looked like my own Condo. You walk into a kitchen and living area, a door way that leads to a bed room and a full bath and spa bathroom with jack in Jill doors between the bedroom and living area. The couch opened up to a bed and the view was nice. Since it was a full kitchen we brought our own groceries and drinks, cooked there and everything. the concierge service was nice enough to help unload our cars and wheel everything up to the room. The hotel has great package deals, for couple massages, complimentary breakfast deals, etc. Check-in and Checkout was no hassle. I would definitely book my next party there!
5	This is as good as it gets! This is actually a condominium building that is managed as a hotel.  The staff was excellent, the room was clean, and spacious, and the service was even better.  We had a one bedroom condo unit that had a full kitchen and balcony..the pool is excellent.  I do not know what else to say but, this is as good as it will get for a rental.
5	Stayed here with all the kids and had a great time. Affordable, clean, with a friendly staff. Good sized pool too, with a neat indoor-connected-to-outdoor pool style. The suites were large, with plenty of room for everyone. Great place to stay for families. We'd definitely go back again!
4	For my buddy's bachelor party weekend...I suggested staying at the Platinum Hotel for the value and location being 2 blocks off Flamingo and LV Blvd.  They booked this suite for the $99 per night deal which I've seen on other reviews.  Front desk and room service was great and their never was any issues according to the gang.  Decent view from the 15th floor and I can see the front door to my pad from their balcony which we all laughed about. I may have been drunk off my ass from blue gatorade jungle juice and watching Pretty Woman when I was inside the suites, but I remember it's like staying in a 1 bedroom condo with 2 queens, sofa bed, full kitchen + washer and dryer.   Platinum requires a $400 deposit charged upfront when you check in.  Check out time was 10pm which is great for convenience.  There is no slot machines or video poker in the lobby which is great.  I despise them with a passion. Minus one star because there is ONLY valet parking but the attendant was nice enough to let me park for 15 minutes.  AM/PM is next door for convenient alcoholic beverages + water balloons + chewing gum.
4	This review is for the Lobby Bar only.  I am at the Platinum Hotel at least 5 or 6 times a year for Toastmasters meetings.  Before and sometimes after the meetings, a few of us will get together at the Lobby Bar for a few drinks.The bartenders and waitresses here are really friendly and attentive to you.  I've only been here once or twice when it was really busy....and that was during the NFL football season on Monday Nights.  The rest of the time, it's not too busy around Happy Hour.Speaking of their Happy Hour, that's the best part of this place.  1/2 Off drinks.  Last visit I had 2 Blue Moons and the total was $4.50!  What?!  I can't believe it!  That's what has me coming back.The decor is modern and the furniture is very comfortable.  It has a lounge atmosphere and it's a great place for a business meeting.  In the middle of the day, there is nobody there so you can have the place to yourself.  It's truly a hidden gem in Vegas.Will I return?  You bet!
4	This hotel is a comfortable walking distance to the main strip, but far enough away that you feel like you aren't sleeping in Vegas... which is more and more appealing the older I get. I like that Platinum shies away from being a typical Vegas hotel - there's no smoking, cheesy decor, or slot machines here! You're staying in a nice quiet oasis. The front desk was super friendly about splitting our room between 7 credit cards, and the bar service was superb.  A cutie from San Jose who I used to have classes with, whodathunk? I particularly loved the GIANT bathtub - fit all us girls all at once! (In our bathing suits boys, calm down). The only reason I don't give it five stars is because it's more expensive than it should be. When there are tons of deals in Vegas, why would you go back to pay so much more? ....For the bathtub! That's why! .... maybe....
5	Gorgeous and convenient. I stayed here with a gang of people for our kickball tournament, and we got a suite. I haven't been to many suites, but this one is shfancy! can be comparable to the Signature Suites of MGM. This one has a nicer kitchen area, and the bathroom is nice, but the pimped out tv coming out of a desk and tv in the bathroom at Signature puts them in a even match. No casinos though, so can't make a late night walk down to play some slots. Conveniently 1 Vegas block away from the Strip, so definitely close enough to the excitement.
5	The Platinum is the greatest gem of Las Vegas. The rooms are huge, gorgeous even: with hot tubs, TVs, and FULL kitchens. The staff are very responsive, talkative, and intelligent. Room service is EXCELLENT!!! I recommend trying the ribeye for dinner or granola and waffles for breakfast. I'll keep this review short in order to keep the integrity of this secret of Las Vegas while encouraging you to experience the magic for yourself.
1	I'd really like to give this place a better review, however, sadly, I cannot. Pros: Nice boutique-like hotel. Accessible. Nice rooms. It was actually a good place.. however: Cons: Billing. They did screw up in a couple of ways and the front desk folks were a little spaced, but the clincher was this: They charged us $500 for a smoking fee when no one smoked at all anywhere in or around the room! I had to call them and dispute the charge! Talking to 5 different people over a period of several weeks. They said they had 'evidence' of us smoking. When I asked about this evidence they said they had photos of cigarette butts on our porch. I challenged this as there is no way that there were butts on our porch. This was totally fabricated and I wonder how many other folks this has happened to although I don't see reviews mentioning the same. After over a month of calls (from me to them, they almost never returned my calls) they did reverse the charge. What a major hassle. If you do stay here I recommend, even though it is a hassle, having someone from the staff come up to the room as you are checking out.
4	I was totally expecting to be underwhelmed by this place, which was SO not the case! I walked into the suite a friend of mine reserved for us and was immediately wowed: modern kitchen, nice living area with flat panel tv and colorful view of the strip, quality bedding, huge bathroom, and a washer and dryer!. I asked him what the catch was. No catch, apparently. Just in-the-know. The negatives about this hotel are minor:1. It's a 10 min. walk to the strip. No big deal. It will help you burn off a few calories you consumed at the dinner buffet at the Bellagio.2. The receptionist one afternoon was a bit cranky. We asked her to take a picture of us and she nearly rolled her eyes. I guess moving out from behind the counter, from where she was doing absolutely nothing, required more work than we anticipated. (*wink*)3. There was a room service tray that was outside of a room for at least 36 hours. A bit of an eyesore. 4. The rooms, while comfortable and aesthetically pleasing, do have a slight institutional feel to them. But this is very subtle. 5. Valet parking only. But it's like 2 bucks or something. Actually, it may be free, and we just tipped 2 bucks...I do not frequent Vegas often but if I do return, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. You'll save a ton of money, which could be better used on other things. After all, it IS Vegas!
5	Awesome hotel!!  I have stayed at this place on two separate occasions and each time, I loved it!  This hotel is located right off the strip behind Ballys.  What is nice about this hotel is that it is non-gaming.  Meaning, no casino, thus, no smoke.  :)  Service is always nice and friendly as it should be.  The suites are huge and clean!!!  During both of my stays here, I have had the chance to stay in the Princess Suite.  The princess suite is NICE!  :)  In that 1100 square feet of room, you have a full size kitchen with a large stainless steel fridge, stove/oven, microwave, dishwasher, cooking utensils!  It is amazing!  Love it!  In this suite you also have a washer and dryer, and the best part is, it doesn't cost extra money to use it!  :)  The bathroom is huge!  The best part of the bathroom has got to be the SUPER SIZE jacuzzi tub with powerful jets!  OMG!  You can fit like 4 people in that thing!  PLEASE NOTE:  DO NOT USE TOO MUCH BUBBLE BATH soap in the tub, or else you will never find your partner through all the bubbles. I made that mistake once and the bubbles were stacked way high above our heads!  LOL!  Who knew you could play Marco Polo in the tub?  LOL!  ;)  The bedroom is nice a spacious with a large closet.  However, I wish the TV in the bedroom was flat screen.  That is my only issue.  :)  The living room is huge complete with couch (opens up into a bed), flat screen tv and fire place.  Don't forget about the balcony with the table and chairs.   This place is wonderful.  It's like a home away from home.  They also have a very nice indoor/outdoor pool , equipped with comfy lounge chairs.  If you are looking for a nice, comfy, cozy place away from the hustle and bustle of the strip, or just looking for a nice place to stay in Vegas, then the Platinum Hotel is your BEST bet.  :)
5	The rooms are huge with full kitchens. The staff is friendly and helpful. The gym is big and really nice. The spa is great with good deals on massages. Definitely a great hotel!
5	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel.  Excellent service, reasonable prices and a great view.  Spotless clean. Al the rooms are in a suite model which is very handy in LV where you can invite your friends over.  Comes with fully loaded kitchens.  Will definitely stay there.
5	Just arrived home after 6 days in Vegas and thanks to the Platinum, my wife and I had a great vacation.  Everything was exceptional and we'll definitely be returning.  The Solitaire suite(strip view) had soooo much space and was very quiet.  Loved it.  Only negative... free wifi was in 3 specific areas of the hotel.  A hassle at times.
5	Pros:+  Pet friendlly (we did our homework and found only 4 other hotels near the strip that allow dogs, 2 are extremely expensive).+  Huge suites!!  Ours was 1,000+ s.f.+  Heated indoor/outdoor swimming pool & lounge area (the pool was so warm even though it was xmas time) and open long hours (8am to 11pm)+  Kitchen - very convenient, full size fridge, range, and dishwasher (they even have dish washing liquids, just bring your own sponge)+  Washer/dryer in the bigger suite+  Free internet!!  Although their website says you need to pay, at check-in we asked them if they had free internet and they gave us the complimentary login and password.  awesomeness!+  Big bathroom+  Non-smoking, non-casino hotel, very peaceful+  Only about 10 mins. walk to the center of the strip, faster than driving!Cons:-  Dusty!  Not sure if it's all of Vegas but I had never noticed so much dust in my room at other hotels before.  -  Valet parking: kinda inconvenient when you need to get something from your car-  Sofabed is extremely flimsy, if you have more than 2 people, insist on 2 queen beds.  the sofa cushions are much more comfortable.Other points:*  Should call ahead of time to make sure your room have the # of beds you requested when you booked.  (We didn't get our 2 queen beds although we checked in at 2pm.  They were nice enough to switch us to a slightly bigger suite with washer/dryer.)*  Hotel lobby is extremely small!*  In-room food service was overpriced (and food was only so-so).  Ask the front desk for a nearby delivery restaurant.  We ordered from there our 2nd night and got a ton of food for 1/2 the price we paid room service!*  Don't go to the 7-11, it's shady.  You can shop at the am/pm or the Shell food mart across the street.Overall, it was a good experience for the price we paid ($98).  I would definitely return to this hotel.  I give it a 4.5 stars.
5	Best place I've ever stayed (and that includes any house I've lived in). Yeah, I know. It's not on the strip where all the action is but there is always a taxi and its not like you would walk from tho north side of the strip to the south side drunk anyways. For the price of this room, I get a full kitchen, a huge bathroom with a jacuzzi tub and separate shower, a living area, and a large bedroom. I'm serious when I say that this is the best place I've ever stayed at. And you can't beat the price you're paying for the amentities your room offers. The staff here is extra friendly. Love this place so much, considering getting married here.
3	I'm really torn about this place.  The rooms and accommodations, quite adequate.  The price, also excellent.  However, it's off strip by a block or so and it's just far enough that you really need to cab everywhere... Also, it's non-gambling which means you have nothing to do when you head back to the hotel.The suite we got had a mini kitchen.  I am assuming that's the case for all the rooms, but can't be sure since I wasn't the one who booked it.  I probably won't stay here by choice since you can find great prices on the strip as well and that's just so much more convenient in my book.
5	Great hotel a short walk from the strip. (I like to walk more than most, but still, it wasn't too far or dodgy to walk home from any of the central strip casinos.) My room was massive and clean with a kitchenette and in-room (free!) washer and dryer.  The service was friendly and the food at the restaurant wasn't bad.  I can't say much for the pool because it barely got above 60 during my stay.  The only reason to knock it is that they charged me for the wireless internet.  Very 90's.
4	Stayed at the Platinum for 2 days March 18-20 this year and had an excellent experience.  The hotel is clean and well maintained, the staff was very friendly and competent, and the facilities were very nice.  There is no casino here, which I find to be a huge plus, and the food is much better than any of the places that I tried over at Bally's (and I was there at the sports book most of the weekend, 1/2 block away if you need to gamble).The only reason that I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the kitchen had no dishes, glasses,  pots and pans; and, I was expecting the WifFi to be free in the room (was free at the pool) and it was not.I consider my complaints to be minor and I would definitely stay there again.
5	Stayed here four nights last weekend after I scored a smokin deal on sniqueaway for the annual March Madness trip and have nothing but good things to say (OK, one minor complaint about the pillows).  The rooms are huge and comfortable, the food was great and reasonably priced, and the service was terrific.  I was a little concerned with the distance to the strip, but it was much closer than I expected.  Also liked the proximity to Ellis Island - great place for steak and eggs and my new favorite place for cheap craps.  I'll definitely be back.Oh, the complaint with the pillows is that the foam ones are too thick.  Minor issue.
5	Great! AFFORDABLE. Huge suite with a fab kitchen complete with coffeemaker, a jacuzzi whirlpool bath, a fantastic outdoor pool with the best music playing 24-7, and free wifi poolside and in the restaurants (if you ask really really nicely they might give you free wifi in your room, too).About a 10-minute walk to Paris. Not bad at all. And there is a 7-11 just outside if you want milk or something.
4	A friend stayed here and I was blown away with the size of the room. Full kitchen with fridge, dishwasher,stove, spa and shower. Man we also got a deal when we stayed. I loved the fact that this hotel had an indoor pool. Perfect for my son to swim around and not get too cold. I'd definitely recommend this hotel. The only downside, it's pretty difficult to get a taxi. The workers have to run down the street and flagged one down. Overall, great place! I'd go back.
4	First things first, DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU ARE A SMOKER. They have a strict policy on smoking.A friend of mine recommended this hotel for my vegas trip so I checked it out on yelp right away and I was impressed with the reviews. If you book a room 21 days in advance it's cheaper!We had a great stay in this hotel this past weekend. For a big group we decided on the Princess Suite, which has a full kitchen and a balcony (only worth it if you choose the strip view). We also requested two queen beds for the room  (which was 25 dollars a night for the second bed). We were all very impressed with how friendly and helpful the staff was in this hotel. Unlike most hotels, they called and confirmed that we received whatever we requested!
5	This is by far the nicest non casino hotel I have stayed at in Vegas!  It has a full kitchen.. and when I say full kitchen I mean 2-door refrigerator, stove, dishware, washer/dryer.  Pay the little extra for the princess suite and you will be happy.  Easy drive to/from airport and 15 min walk to the strip.  Happy Hour every day (50% off) and very friendly hotel staff and valet.
4	Stayed here for three nights last weekend and was extremely pleased with the experience.  I don't mind walking 2 blocks to the Strip in order to stay in a nice suite complete with kitchen and separate tub/shower in a quiet, non-smoking hotel.  If that trade-off doesn't work for you, feel free to pay double for a loud, smoky, small room on the Strip.  Bonus:  the fitness center was nicely equipped with brand-new recumbent bikes, treadmills and elliptical trainers.  Double Bonus:  All drinks and food in the bar are half-off during happy hour (4-8 p.m.).  Highly recommended!
4	Great alternative to the madness of the strip, without being too far from the action. It's the number  2 hotel in Vegas according to Trip Advisor, and that's for a good reason. Friendly staff, a really huge and spotless suite with a full kitchen and a spa bath - what more chould you ask for.We had the pool and hot tub to ourselves, and if the food/drink service to the pool was INCREDIBLY slow..at least they told me it would be when I ordered. No complaints, just compliments. We'll be back!
5	Found an amazing deal on travelzoo,a suite for $220 the entire weekend (3 days, 2 nights) Yes it is off the strip, but i would say  about a  10 minute walk right to ballys. Our cab rides to and from the strip or wherever we partied that weekend was less than $10! I love the location of this hotel and that fact that its strictly a hotel! No casino downstairs which is fine with me, i dont gamble at all! Oh yeah and our room was on the 7th floor at the very end of the hall, love itttt!!The room was big, included 2 queen sized beds and 1 pull our sofa (slept 6 ppl comfortably) FULL kitchen (so we packed a lot of snacks and alcohol for our trip!) bathroom had a shower and a separate spa tub, nice! enough room for 6 girls to get ready for the night out! hahaThey have a bar downstairs with some happy hour deals around dinner time, but we had fat tuesday drinks and drink in the room so we didnt bother to check it out, maybe next time!  The pool is located on the 5th floor, no food or drink allowed! Had a very nice view of part of the strip, not bad, it was beautiful! I believe they also have a restaurant on the 5th floor, didnt have time to check it out. sorry!Hotel staff was awesome! man we must have called front desk a million times, but they got everything up to us quick and even gave a courtesy call back! haha =) Valet guys were great too, very sweet, they hail taxis for you so u can get your ass to party on the strip!  Yes i recommend and yes I would definitely stay here again!! =) PS. they have a stricky policy about smoking, there was only one designated smoke area right by the parking garage and check out time was 3 pm i believe =P
2	I made my reservation via telephone over a month in advance direct to the hotel. I was told they would be charging the first nights room and tax immediately on my card to confirm reservation and upon arrival I would be responsible for payment of remaining room balance plus 100$ for incidentals. Upon check in, the gentleman checking us in tried to run my credit card for $590.00 which was remaining balance plus $300 for incidentals which wasnt what the reservations agent had originally told me. I explained this to him and he accomodated me by only charging the 100$ for incidentals that I had been told via telephone; which I am thankful for. However upon entering our room, we noticed he gave us a handicapped room. This was very dissapointing considering all the adaptations and changes that are done for a handicapped room are quite bothersome for someone who is NOT handicapped. We never requested this and I am sure he knew when he assigned it that it was a handicapped room. It seemed as if the service desk staff I was helped by did it on purpose! I was already annoyed as it was with the misinformation upon reservation and went ahead and settled in the room anyway as we were on a time constraint and could not waste any more time switching rooms. I have stayed at The Platinum in the past, was very well pleased with the accomodations/staff and this is why I chose to stay here again. I went as far as having my sister reserve her stay there too on these same dates. I was very disappointed in the way things worked out this time and am not sure I will be staying again on my next visit.
5	Modern - Non gaming and non smoking hotel with a great Las Vegas view if you book the strip. Very clean and staff is super friendly. I smoke but I prefer to stay in a non-smoking hotel cause I hate the smell of smoke when I had too much to drink in Vegas :)  Rooms are extra spacious...over 1100 sq ft. with fire place, full kitchen, two bathroom sinks, jacuzzi tub, washer & dryer. The reservation agent, Rebecca, surprised me with birthday champagne...I guess she noticed when I checked in with my ID a day before...WOW!  Oh, free valet and fabulous happy hour daily..top shelf drinks!  The spa is rejuvenating and free steam room if you want to sweat out the alcohol :)
5	We are spending a couple of weeks driving from Boston to Berkeley, so we've stayed in quite a few hotels lately. This was the absolute best hotel yet - in terms of price, service and overall quality. The staff was excellent, the room (Princess Suite) enormous and well-equipped, and it was downright cheap ($139). We are not gamblers, so it was perfect. We are also traveling with our dog, who they accepted with open arms. This place is GREAT.
5	I absolutely loved this hotel. I had to go to Vegas for a wedding, and Platinum Hotel was about the only thing that made Vegas tolerable. Our suite was absolutely amazing. It was way bigger than my apartment, which is actually kind of depressing. Jacuzzi in the suite was easily big enough for 4 people, more if the people really like each other...Washer and dryer in the suite isn't something I normally care about, but since we were almost a week into our west coast adventure, was actually quite convenient. I loved that the hotel was non-smoking. The roof deck pool was a great place to relax, and they had the nicest gym I've ever seen in a hotel. The bartender in their lounge was great, they have a pretty good cocktail list, and happy hour every day, where everything is half-price. It's also really close to the strip, pretty much next door to Bally's, so it was really easy to get to and from the madness on the strip.
5	My sister Lucy told me about this hotel when she went for Krystal's wedding so when my girls wanted to hit Vegas for a birthday getaway I recommended we try the Platinum hotel.  We were there over the 4th of July weekend and I must say that I truly enjoyed the fact that this was a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel.  It was a nice break from the usual Vegas craziness.The room was fabulous... it's bigger than most apartments and comes FULLLY equipped!  When I say FULLLY equipped I am referring to the FULL kitchen with FULL fridge (w/ice maker & water), stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, living room with flatscreen, desk, balcony with seating, bedroom, full bathroom with jacuzzi tub & shower, extra closet, blowdryer, iron & ironing board and .... yes there is an AND.... a washer & dryer!!!!!!  Seriously, this is it right here!SIDENOTE to all you smokers out there:  THIS PLACE does not play around when they say NO SMOKING ANYWHERE... not even the balcony in your room!   There are signs clearly stating that if any evidence of smoking is found in your room or on the balcony they will charge a $500 fee to the credit card on file.  Don't say I didn't worn you!The view by the pool was also very nice...  theirs plenty of towels... lounge chairs and bed like loungers with umbrellas.  They BBQ outside around lunchtime... but we didn't see many waitresses/waiters taking orders.  You had to go into the restaurant and order.  Get out there early and grab yourself a good seat.. it gets really hot out there!We also took cabs the entire time we were there and found it very easy to go from one hotel to the other... we've had some of the greatest cab drivers.. there from all over the world with all kinds of stories!All the other hotels we visited in Vegas were sooo smokey.  I don't think their air filters are as good as they used to be because all of us were getting sick from all the smoke.  This hotel definitely was great to come back to.... I will definitely be staying here again... no doubt!
4	First of all, incredible service. Like you used to imagine before you met the millenium. Extremely large suites with washer and dryer, dishwasher full cooking kitchen. Cant't say enough good things about staff interactions. Public areas could be a wee bit cleane, but pool area great for kids and adults. No sleazy vibe that accompanies the rest of vegas. Restaurant has reasonable prices with solidly good food, not haute cuisine but good. 4 and a half stars
5	My cousin recommended this hotel and there was a good deal on travelzoo for the 4th of July so I just had to stay here. The hotel is not too far from the strip. I like how it is a non smoking and non gambling hotel.  My boyfriend and I got the princess suite and it was fabulous. The room had everything from a washer and dryer to a full on kitchen. The bed was comfortable, after a night of partying all I wanted to do was get back to the room and sleep.There is wi-fi in the room but it will cost you. The rate is $2.99 for up to 2 hours. If you want free wi-fi you would have to go to the Stir lounge located by the lobby, pool or Kil@wat restaurant which are located on the 5th floor.  On our last night we tried out the Kil@wat restaurant for lunch and it was good. The restaurant is only open for breakfast and lunch. Jeff was our server and he was so patient with our group of 10. We were probably annoying but he was fantastic with us. Thank you Jeff for making our dining experience very enjoyable. For dinner we tried the room service and that was nice too. There is an indoor and outdoor pool which was nice. I didn't get to use their fitness center so I can't comment on that.Overall this is a great hotel. Every employee that I've ran into greeted me with a smile and a good morning/afternoon or have a good day and hold the elevator door for me. These little things made my trip wonderful =] The valet guys were cool, checking in with the front desk staff was pleasant, and house keeping was wonderful. I never had a problem with any of the 4 nights that I was there. I would definitely recommend this hotel for others and would come back in the future.
4	**4.5 stars**As we pulled up to the hotel, self-park was not an option. The only choice was valet parking. I thought that was inconvenient since I will making frequent in/outs of the hotel.Upon check-in the lady was very friendly. Check-in was quick and we were done in less than 5 minutes. When we got into the room, a little critter welcomed us (a moth that couldn't fly). I had the bf scoop it up with a paper and it was out on its way. First impression, WoW!! I love the kitchenette and the living room area. I turned on the radio and started unpacking. Another amenity aspect that caught my attention was the jacuzzi tub. I immediately had the bf start the tub and was ready to relax. The rooms are spacious (considering this is a 900 ft. square room) and I love how there was a balcony area for you to just enjoy. The hair-dryer was stupendous and robes were provided for guests use. Throughout my stay, I used the tea kettle to make noodles for after the club, utensils, plates, and the microwave. I was able to bring my leftovers back and eat it the next day. Hotel check-out time is at 11a.m. I called downstairs and asked if I can check-out at 1p.m. and the lady gladly accommodated to my needs without extra charge. How awesome is that?!?!Overall, I would stay here again. It was a pleasant hotel and the next time I come back I am checking the pool area out.
5	We got a great deal via Snique Away and I wish we had stayed more nights. It was quiet on a Thursday night.  The no smoking policy is awesome. The room was more than we needed, modern and comfortable. I hilariously sprayed water all over the wall using the jacuzzi tub, so be forewarned that you need to fill that tub really full or you'll have a surprise shower. Well worth having my boyfriend die of laughter though! I wouldn't really recommend the breakfast in the restaurant. It's standard Vegas fare for the price range, but you're better off bringing groceries and cooking in room. Stir Lounge has an awesome happy hour I highly recommend.The gym was clean and had brand new equipment. The pool was a nice change from the craziness of the Hard Rock (to which they charge a daily charge to use, tsk tsk HR).
4	A nice, clean Hotel, perfect place to relax especially if you re travel ling with family. The staff are friendly and accommodating.
4	Without a doubt one of the better (and quieter) hotel options in Vegas. Room amenities - as described by previous reviewers - are unbelievable. 5 stars if Platinum introduces a shuttle service to the Strip !
4	When I first got here, I was like, this is underwhelming. Valet was really simple. Check-in was very quick seeing as how I got in after 10pm. Took the elevator up to my room and wow, the room was HUGE, albeit plain! Felt like I was in a homey apartment. I didn't get to enjoy the amenities of the place, but I thoroughly enjoyed the spacious rooms. Not only did I enjoy the low-key-ness of the hotel, but I actually appreciated not having to walk through a casino to get to the elevators or weaving in and out of huge crowds. HUGE plus. Although this place was a block away from the strip, we did drive our car everywhere, and valeted our car at each hotel to avoid having to do MORE walking. Tipping the valet $1 each time is worth the savings of a taxi ride.
4	Yes there are many great reviews already about The Platinum Hotel.  I have a couple of things to add to what people have already said.  The hotel is very quiet which is fantastic as it is a perfect escape from the frenzy of the Las Vegas strip.  You will not hear a thing in your room and will have a great night's sleep here.  They are adamant about their non-smoking policy so don't even think about staying here if you plan on smoking.  You will automatically be charged a $500 fine even for smoking on the balcony and the fine is not negotiable.  For me, this was a fantastic policy as I suffer from severe asthma.  Most hotels say their rooms are non-smoking, but I always find them to smell of smoke anyway.  There is no casino which is a plus.  You really feel like you're staying in a quiet apartment building, it turns out that some of the units are actually condos.  This is far more than just a room, it is a one bedroom apartment with a full washer/dryer and a full refrigerator with an oven and a cook-top.  There are many supermarkets nearby, so you are not forced to eat out all the time which is also a great perk.There are a couple of cons that have been mentioned before, but not very frequently.  I do not recommend walking around this area at night.  The 7-eleven is next door to the hotel, so we ran over to get some supplies and were shocked at the people both inside and outside the store.  There were many edgy fringe characters on the street around the hotel.  I decided to drive the 3 minutes to the strip after this, even in the day time.  The second issue I have is just a matter of personal taste.  I disliked the decor in the room.  I know a lot of people have described the rooms as plain or neutral.  All I can say is BEIGE, BEIGE, BEIGE.  Every surface is beige, the walls, the carpet, the tiled floor all beige, it almost feels institutional.  The art in the room is sparse and bland as well.  The rooms are fabulously huge, the amenities incredible, they even have a Bose Wave radio in the living room and large flat screen televisions in the bedroom and the living room.  On the other hand a lot of people come to Vegas expecting a spectacle in their hotel room, instead this room is all about neutral and quiet.  I personally didn't like the taste in furniture or decor at all, it feels much more like furnished corporate housing to me.This all said, would I stay here again, absolutely.  I have stayed at all the fancy flashy hotels in Vegas and if given the choice I would definitely choose to stay at The Platinum again.  This was the first time that I've had a decent night's sleep on any trip I've taken to Vegas.  The convenience of having a full kitchen, massive amounts of space and absolute quiet is completely worth  it to me.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the decor and the nasty vibe on the street outside, also it would be great if the hotel had a shuttle to the strip.One last comment, the service here is incredible.  The valet parker noticed that we came into the hotel with groceries.  He immediately told the front desk to send pots and pans up for us to cook with.  A couple of minutes later there was a knock at the door with the delivery and then believe it or not, a couple of minutes after that, the front desk called to make sure that we had received everything we needed and if there was anything else they could help us with.  Everyone you deal with here is polite and thoughtful, such a refreshing surprise.(One important tip:  book through the website of The Platinum.  Not only do they give a AAA discount, but more importantly if you book through them you get free wireless internet in your room and also believe it or not an unheard of 2pm checkout!!!)
5	Great hotel with a way cheaper price than many others on the Strip. The Strip is within walking distance too! We had a suite with 2 queen beds and a sofa bed. The 8 of us fit in the room comfortably for only $30/person for the weekend. We had a deal, so look out for their specials! Very clean. Side note: only valet parking.
1	I have a lot to say about this place and I do not know where to begin.  The rooms are nice, but that is all.  OH!  It's only 10 minutes away from the strip ... Walking.  Great exercise =)  Overall experience ... Worst experience ever!!!We arrived to the hotel late Thursday night and we were exhausted.  Requested extra sheets and pillows for the pull out bed ... Yup ... It took them more than 30 minutes to bring to our room.  VERY, VERY, VERY BAD PLUMBING!!!  There's a double sink counter in the bathroom, but only one worked properly.  The other sink clogged right away once the water turned on.  Didn't make it a big deal though.  Whatever!  Took a shower and what do you know ... CLOGGED!  It was too late in the night to call a plumber, so we requested for one to come first thing in the morning.  We had A LOT OF PATIENCE ... Wasted more than half of our day waiting for the plumber.  When he finally got to our room he started to snake the shower drain.  Thought it was going to be a quick fix.  NOPE!  Black stuff started to come out of the drain and all we saw was a puddle of black water.  Not exaggerating.  Plumber said he had to snake 5 ft. down.  We requested for another room, which they actually helped us on very quickly.  Quickly moved out of there since we wasted so much time already and got a new clean AND working room.Thought we were over Vegas until we got our credit card bill and saw a deep cleaning fee for the second room we moved to for one night.  What deep cleaning fee?!  We left the room perfectly fine.  Spoke to the front desk, transferred us to Security (apparently, security runs the hotel and not an actual manager), sent us pictures of the room, and ... the maid or someone basically trashed our room.  Food all over the floor, soap squirted on the floor (who does that?), food in the bed, etc.  It was totally staged.  Also, they said their housekeeping policy is to clean "normal stuff."  Please define that.  To sum this situation up, they did not or will not remove the charge.  So, if you stay at their hotel ... please be careful.  They will waste your time and charge you extra fees on almost anything.  They have so much confidence and will blow you off.  Basically, they do not care for their customers.  No matter how hard you fight for something you did not do ... They do not care.  I do not care how cheap it is, how nice the place looks ... I will never stay at The Platinum Hotel again.  I rather stay at the Venetian or ANY hotel on the strip and get better service.
5	The Platinum Hotel is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at. Everyone of their staff members were friendly and did their best to exceed all my expectations. The rooms were fantastic too! With a full kitchen, fireplace, living room, washer/dryer, separate bedroom, jacuzzi tub, and separate stand-up shower - luxury is an understatement! Will definitely stay at this hotel when I return to LasVegas!
5	Amazing hotel wanted early check-in and got it 10am thanks so much. the suites are huge and with a balcony great view. Nice staff,Brianna was so nice at check-in and checkout. Well done staff!!!! $151.00 in Vegas for 6 star hotel.I'll hooked never stay elsewhere                                                    Dan C
4	I have stayed at over a dozen hotels in Vegas over the years. The Platinum is a very classy hotel just off the strip. Extremely friendly and diligent stuff. Very clean. Large suites. Good food and beverages. Room service is a little slow, possibly understaffed, or I would have  given them a 5 star rating.
4	VERY low key compared to the other hotels.  The lobby was pretty dark and small, but functional.  They had one small bar next to the lobby, but I never saw anyone in it.  I assume everyone was like us and walked to the strip for actual "stuff".But the first floor really was the _worst_ part of the hotel (and, really, not so bad (just dark - lots of dark wood - what's up with THAT?)).  The room hallways were nice, simple but nice.  The rooms were nice - _almost_ classy.  Tile/stone floors and walls in the bathroom, giant separate tubs, REALLY lots of room in the "lower end" suite we stayed in.The only negative I can think of for the room was there was only a single, small dresser.  But they you have two decent size closets too, so really not the end of the world (VERY minor negative).The pool area is even nicer than the pictures on their site let on.  Not sure what the drink prices were on the pool deck, as that would kind of spoil things if they rake you over on that.  A small restaurant right next to the pool.  Also, the pool area was on the 5th floor, so you're very removed from the street.  Nice little "oasis" if you're looking for a place to quiet down from the strip.  It wasn't as glamorous as the Palazzo or anything, but certainly nice you you just want someplace to hang.The gym was HUGE compared to most hotels with some VERY good equipment.  You could easily get a decent workout here (most hotels you're really having to compromise the workout as the size/equipment is so limited - just simply not an issue here).The room was super clean.  The kitchen was almost bigger than the one I have at home!  They aren't kidding that it's a FULL kitchen.  however, absolutely no food (not even ketchup) so it's pretty limited as to what you're going to actually cook.  Unless you're driving and bringing a bunch of condiments/spices and everything else, the kitchen is not going to be much good.Honestly, they could have just left the kitchen out entirely and the room would still be great.  We paid under $200 and that was a steal.  This hotel on the strip would be worth a lot more...As for going to the strip, WALK you will.  While it's really only one block off strip, it's a B_I_G   L_O_N_G   B_L_O_C_K  with nothing but the backside of Bally's (and front of Westin...?) and a grimy parking lot.  It would have been pretty sketchy but there were very few people along the way (only one couple begging for money! ( the pedestrian walkways were worse ;) )  It's well lit, but you might consider taking a taxi just because it is one BORING walk...  Especially compared to the total sensory overload of the strip.So...  Nice rooms, great pool area and gym, not really all that "glamorous", but more than adequate unless you're trying to show off.  All non-smoking and no casino (yeah!).  Good low key choice.
1	False advertisement and shitty customer service = dumb.
4	This is a 4.5 star review. A friend and I stayed here a few weeks ago and at first my friend was leery of staying at an off-strip hotel. She quickly changed her tune after the first day. Located a half mile walk off the strip (on the same block as Flamingo, Bally's and Caesars Palace), this place is fantastic. The decor is swanky and I almost fell asleep waiting for my friend on the comfy couches by the elevator. Our room was a larger suite which had the living room and full kitchen. Bathroom was gorgeous. Note that we booked this room from a Snique Away deal. Views were gorgeous and so was the pool area. Lots of comfy areas to sit with pop/dance music playing on the speakers around the pool. There is a hotel restaurant on the same floor as the pool so you could order food/drinks, too. The night we got in, there was an art and wine at the pool. Free wine tastings were abundant and I got toasted off of pink Moscato. The art walk was cool, too, and I picked up a great leather bracelet/cuff from a local artisit. The hotel also has a restaurant/lounge in the lobby with happy hour every day. The food and drinks were great and prices reasonable outside of happy hour. There was water and fruit in the lobby and sometimes chocolate cookies! Loved it. The only negative I had was on the Friday night, they closed down the pool at 4 p.m. for a wedding reception. I didn't think that was fair or appropriate for the other hotel guests...especially on the weekend. Other than that, I will definitely stay here again!
4	It's early November and I just returned from a 6 day getaway with my wife.  We selected this hotel after reading several reviews from past guests.  When we arrived we were greeted by the parking attendant who offered their assistance with true interest and not the -- I want a tip attitude.  FYI, self parking is not an option at the Platinum and quite frankly for a couple of bucks here and there, well worth it.  Checking in was a breeze with the same "how can we help your stay more enjoyable" attitude from the staff behind the counter.  This theme by hotel staff carried on throughout our stay.  Our reservations placed us on the 9th floor looking towards the strip.  The view from our room was OK at best because you are looking out over an old large vacant parking lot and towards the back of the casinos on the strip.  At night the view was much better due to the lights.  Opening our room door, you enter into the kitchen which is a full kitchen to include, fridge, stove, dishwasher, plates, glasses, etc...  What was not in the room but we soon requested were pots and pans.  We choose to make breakfast in the AM when we got up.  A bit different having a full kitchen with no cook ware, but no biggie we just called down and they gleefully sent up anything we needed.  It also includes things like dish washing soap, sponge, etc...  The kitchen counter was granite and it separated the kitchen from the living room.  The living room was also quite large which included a large flat screen TV with a sleeper sofa couch, coffee table, etc...  There is a sliding door leading to the balcony that looks towards the strip that has a table and a few chairs for sitting.  Located in a separate closet off of the kitchen/living room are the clothes washer and dryer .  It too includes the all the necessities needed for washing your clothes.  The little things like no need to get soap, sponges, detergent, fabric softener, etc... speaks volumes in being a customer service oriented facility.  I say facility versus hotel because from what I gather, some units are owned by permanent residents and others are rented like you would experience in a typical hotel encounter.  Enough of that, back to the details.  Off of the living room is a door leading to the bedroom.  The bedroom is very spacious and the bed was very comfortable.  Not some cheesy worn out mattress but a seemingly new firm mattress.  There are the typical night stands, lights, clock radio, and chairs adjacent to the bed.  The bedroom has a clothes closet with a safety deposit box.  We didn't use it but it's there for your convenience.  There's a large window that also overlooks towards the strip.  Off of the bedroom is the bathroom that comes with a large tiled shower, a large Jacuzzi tub for two, a double bowl sink, and another clothes closet that has its own hangers.  There are two doors into the bathroom, one from the bedroom and another off of the kitchen.The hotel has a inviting restaurant/bar on the first floor that was warm and comfortable.  We ordered drinks and had a few appetizers only once during our stay.  The drinks were fine but we did complain about the shrimp ceviche they offer.  I'm a bit picky on ceviche so if you are you too, you'll be disappointed.  To their credit they were apologetic and immediately took it off our bar tab.Located on the fifth floor is an indoor/outdoor pool with a medium sized outdoor hot tub adjacent to the outside portion of the pool.  The temperature in November was in the upper 50's/60's.  The pool has its own towels so there is no need to bring one from your room.  There is no life guard on duty so be cautious with little children.  There is plenty of comfortable seating available.  The temperature of the water was very relaxing and I'm not a cold water lover so you gauge.All in all I would highly recommend this place and return again.  Keep in mind this is a NON-gambling hotel so if that is what you want you'll need to walk/drive to the strip for that or find another place to stay.  The hotel is located on Flamingo Rd. and the walk to Las Vegas Blvd. takes about 5 min.  From there your right smack dab in the middle of things.Now for the bad.  The view from our room was OK.  There weren't enough towels in the room.  There were three sets.  I never asked for more but I'm sure based on past experiences they would gladly provide more.  That's it.....p.s.The cost of the room including tax was about:$230 on Friday and Saturday nights$170 on Monday, Tuesday, wednesdayEnjoy.....
4	1 Bdrm Suite--Check!Full Kitchen--Check!Living Room with pull out bed--Check!Dog Friendly--Check!Jacuzzi tub--Check!Close to Strip--Check!Reasonably priced--Check!Indoor and outdoor pool--Check!Free wifi--Check!PROS:  *COMPLIMENTARY Valet parking service only*Full Kitchen comes with pots and pans, dishes and cups, wine glasses with cork and bottle opener, Utensils and Kitchen knives with cutting board, Toaster, Kettle, Dishwasher, Cooking Utensils, Dishwashing liquid soap/sponge  and dishwasher powder.  Electric stovetop with 5 burners.  Nice spacious fridge.  VERY clean.*Spacious bathroom with jacuzzi tub and shower with closet.  Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, oatmeal massage soap but no bubble/bath gel.  *Island bar table with 4 chairs.  Coffee maker with Regular and Decaf coffee.  No Tea.*Ice bucket for wine.*Paper towel and Hot pan towel.*Bose Stereo and Flat screen TV.CONS:*Heater was not working properly.  The living room and bathrooms were working but the bedroom was on the colder side.  The "auto" setting was not working.  *Bathroom sink kept getting clogged.*Shower area with the tile floor was rough on the feet.  Felt like sand paper.*The bed inside the bedroom had a poor mattress.  Wasn't very comfortable.  The fold out bed in the living room was worse.  Felt like sleeping on top of a sponge.  NO firmness or support.    Pillows had no support.   If  you care a lot about the firmness of the mattress and pillows, I suggest you go somewhere else like the Bellagio or Wynn.  I was very displeased with the beds.  Knocking off a star due neck and back cramps from sleeping on poor mattress and pillows.  CONCLUSION:If you are looking for a full kitchen one or two bdrm suite that's pet friendly, this is a perfect hotel for you.   If I just wanted a hotel to sleep and take long bath, I would stay at the other 5 star hotels on the strip where they have MUCH more comfortable beds.
1	AWFUL cancellation policy.  They just nailed me for their 72 hour cancellation, charging me 3 nights where I won't be there.  This is during CES 2012, so can't even begin to imagine that they really can't find another customer for my room.Indeed, the fine print of my on-line reservation did show the 72 hour requirement, but come-on, this is completely unreasonable and I did call them at 7 AM of the day I was to check in, giving ample time for them to find another customer.
4	Huge suite, modern, full-equipped kitchen etc (not kidding, the suite was massive and very clean/modern, two flat-screen t.v's, massive bathroom, separate massive bedroom, separate living room, separate kitchen).  Very nice.  We got a smokin deal, $95.00 a night.  Well worth the 8 minute walk to the strip.  The tapas bar in the lobby offered quality appy's with a killer happy hour offering.  Would stay again.  The only miss, the pool was dirty with hundreds of pool-noodle bits, and was oily with sunscreen.  The gym was free to guests but a little sparse (new, but strange equipment),
4	What a surprise treasure in the desert.  60 of us attended a wedding there.  Most of us spent extra days.  The service was good.  A couple of the folks needed training in communications.  Their co-workers compensated in a nice way.  I have confidence that those with challenges will be up to speed.  There were so many pluses:  The rooftop setting, the spacious, clean, waaay modern rooms, the great team of wedding photographer and the dejay (5 stars).   The banquet food was good; the tapas and drinks in the lobby, excellent!   Share this destination with others for sure!
4	What we liked: the rooms are huge, the beds comfortable, nice patio, inexpensive breakfast room service options, having a full kitchen was nice, the 2 person jacuzzi tub was awesome, the rooms were quiet, the hotel was smoke free, and for an off-the-Strip location, it was pretty centrally located, it's dog friendly, and the staff was very nice. What we didn't love: no self-park option (though valet was free, it grewto be a pain), no grass for the dogs--there was just a small, nasty patch of astroturf, and no free wifi in the rooms, although it was nice to have a $2.99 option for 2 hours of use. Also, the housekeeping wasn't great and they didn't restock any soaps or lotions, which I guess is eco-friendly, but it was kind of annoying when there wasn't enough soap to go around (shower, tub, sinks...)Where we were ambivalent: The pool--it was nice, pretty quiet, but small and really really really warm!
5	Last weekend was my first time staying at this hotel and it was superb! Our 16th floor room was quite spacious and I was delighted to find the kitchen equipped with all standard items, even including a dishwasher and fridge. I particularly loved the pool area, as it had a great view of the Vegas skyline and great ambiance at night. It's been a while since I've stayed at a place with as attentive hotel staff as I experienced at Platinum. The employees were really great, considerate and hospitable. Well worth the ten minute walk to the strip. Will definitely stay here again and won't hesitate to tell my friends about this gem!!
4	Rooms are quite spacious and staff are very attentive and polite.  Good view of strip and close to everything.
4	I recently returned from a stay at the Platinum and I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the furniture.  We stayed on a sofabed that required several visits from hotel staff to fix some bump in the bed.  Also, one of the cushions had some large, dark stain.But the staff worked really diligently to resolve our problems (though the sofabed was never really sorted out).Still, bang for your buck, this is a pretty good hotel.
5	After twenty plus years of coming to Las Vegas, I've finally found the hotel that meets all of the important criteria. From start to finish, our stay here has been perfect. Inexpensive, impeccable service, huge rooms with great views, kitchen, large flat screens, etc...I highly recommend for the traveller that doesn't want to be in a megacasino yet still wants the Vegas feel.P.S. There's a great little casino next door at the Super 8 (!) called Ellis Island.
1	Can I do ZERO stars?!?!?!I was here for a semi-formal informative event for a student organization. We had a nice suite and our room was packed. Granted, we had more people in there than we were supposed to (especially according to fire codes), but what happened next was UNCALLED FOR.The security came in and SCREAMED his lungs out at us. He was straight up RUDE. It was completely unnecessary. No one was under the influence of alcohol or anything. Everyone was a grown up, competent person. We would have appreciated him sincerely telling us that we have too many people and that the management is asking us to leave, but NOOOO he just had to yell at us and be a complete jerk face.We were all happy to leave and we will never be back again.OH, BUT WAIT... THERE'S MORE. We were all trying to leave, but some of the VALET attendants were ridiculous as well. There was an asian man who was very rude to me and completely blew me off when I was kindly trying to ask a question.Finally, after all of our friends were gone, there was 1 other couple and myself STILL waiting for our cars. We were one of the first people to give our tickets to the attendants. We watched people give their tickets and get their cars in just a few minutes, while we were waiting THE ENTIRE TIME. Only after everyone was gone and we were the last ones left did they FINALLY say, "what happened to your cars?" At that point we were SO ANGRY and over it.NEVER GO HERE EVERRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!! UGH im getting angry thinking about it.
4	Fabulous non casino, non smoking hotel just minutes from the Strip.  The staff was some of the friendliest, most accomodating hotel staff I have come across in ages.  We even got a phone call after we arrived to be sure the room was all right!  The rooms are spacious and clean, and the full kitchen and balcony were a real treat.  The bar has a great happy hour deal, and the pool area is lovely.    The walk to the Strip is further than it looks, but still under 10 minutes and cabs are plentiful if that is too much for you (we did bring a cab home a few times if we were further out on the strip, and it was cheap usually around $5).  Our only real complaint was that the sofa bed was not very comfortable, but everything else exceeded our expectations and we would definetely stay here again.
4	The only reason I could not give this hotel 5 stars was location.  A view of the Bellagio Fountain from your room would be perfect.  Being a block off the strip, the view from this hotel looks amazing at night but evanyone who is familiar with a block off the strip, the backyard of most strip hotels are not very pretty during the day.Everything else about this hotel was beyond amazing.This is an newly renovated, all-suite hotel and it shows.  It felt like I was the first person to ever use my suite.  It was all marble countertops, stainless steel appliances, two person jacuzzi tubs, beautiful tile.  The rooms were huge.  You'll see a recent negative review where they had to many people in the room.  This is because the room is so huge that you could entertain 15+ people in there are not feel cramped.I had a balcony that looked straight out at the strip.I toured the strip looking at the beauty of the pools at all of the high-end hotels, but in mid-February they were all closed and cold.  The pool at The Platinum Hotel was open, 85 degrees, partly indoors if you are feeling cold, hottest hot tub ever, fire pits to huddle around under the evening sky.  A beautful view of large expanses of the strip (again beautiful at night).It is a one mega-casino block off the strip, so there is a 5 minute walk to the hotel.  As a 35+ year old man, this was not be a problem.  I saw a few families walking from the hotel behind the Platinum to the strip as well.  On the other hand, a mid-20s female coming back from the clubs at 3:00AM may want to take a cab.The exercise room was clean and just the right amount of popular.  I  did have friends staying at Bally's who mentioned there is a daily charge at Bally's to use the exercise room.  No charge here.I walked my the check-in desk at the mega casinos at 4:00Pm and there was a huge line.  Not so here.A comparable experience at a on-the-strip hotel would be 2 to 3 times as much.  Unless I win big at the tables, I will definitely be staying here again.If you are looking for a place to stay very close to the Bellagio fountains (center of the strip), are staying for a week (want to make hot breakfasts in the room), maybe have a family with you, and want to save some money while still living in luxury, you sure can't beat The Platinum Hotel.
5	Fantastic hotel with a clean quiet environment.  Nice to be able to relax and get peace while in Vegas!  Bedrooms are buffered by bathroom and kitchen to not hear anyone walking down hallways.  Room service is awesome and affordable.  Incredible service all around.
4	I am very much a fan of this hotel, and if not for just a few minor glitches, it would definitely be a 5 star review.  The Platinum is about 2 blocks off the Strip, on Flamingo and Koval. Definitely a boutique hotel, it is non-gaming and non-smoking, with a very contemporary, cool vibe.  All of the parking is valet, which, while nice, actually can get a bit annoying if you need to come and go frequently, or just get something out of your car. I just couldn't see myself tipping every single time I got my car, but I did start feeling guilty about it.The employees were all extremely friendly and helpful throughout my stay.  The room was beautiful- I got an upgrade to a Strip View, one of the bigger suites with 2 queen beds. Full kitchen with full-sized appliances, including a stove, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator- everything you could possibly need. A washer/dryer, tons of closet space, and great lighting (which is very important to me).  The price point for all of this can't be beat, either- I'd have paid at least double that for a similar quality room on the Strip. The cons were few. The bathroom set-up is a little strange. There is not a separate water closet for the toilet, so the person using the facilities has no privacy if someone else is showering/applying makeup, etc. It would be nice if there was either a powder room or a water closet.  The shower is very small- in fact, it was a little hard to enter the shower because the shower door hits the shower head when you open it.  My biggest complaint is that the hot water was really spotty. It took a LONG time before the water got very warm, and even longer before it got hot.  As someone who values a hot shower, I was a bit concerned.There was also a tapping/dripping noise coming from the ceiling in the bathroom throughout our stay. I finally figured out that it was water dripping into the vent, probably from the room above ours. We had to make sure to keep the bathroom door closed to muffle it.The service was great throughout our stay. We called for a few items (extra blankets and towels), and not only were they delivered promptly, but the front desk called to confirm that we had received them. We also ordered room service, which was also prompt, the food was good, and I felt the pricing was very reasonable.All in all, a very good stay at the Platinum. I'll be back!
5	I recently held my wedding ceremony and reception on their rooftop terrace and it was AMAZING! The back drop of the Strip is so beautiful but the service is what really counted for me! The banquest staff was really on top of it and made everything successful. Alejandra our banquet captain for the evening took care of every little detail as if were her party and she made sure we felt comfortable and made sure everything was perfect. Oscar our bartender was on top of it.... let's just say we never stopped drinking and he managed the flow perfectly! Miya, Josh & Nicole were also excellent in executing the details before we arrived. The food was also very good and the staff helped ensure we stayed full! Thank you Platinum for an awesome wedding! **Note I did not actually stay overnight in the hotel** But I would be doing an injustice to not Yelp them! Thank you!
5	This is my go to hotel in Vegas now. I love being so close to the strip with a more relaxing atmosphere to stay in. You can almost fool yourself that you are at a secluded private pool here, and then you look at the view and reality hits. I have gone to Vegas and spent beautiful days stuck inside a dark casino, those aren't how I like to spend my time anymore. The Platinum has a wonderful, relaxing pool to enjoy, great restaurant and bar, and beautiful rooms. There is plenty within walking and short taxi rides here. If you are looking for a upscale hotel in Vegas without the high price, this is your place. Once you try it, it is hard to go back. Great service too!
5	My godparents stayed here for a week and I visited them for two nights.  we had a suite on the 17th floor - included a kitchen and a pull-out for me.  This hotel is off the strip but close to everything.  They also have a hotel shuttle that took us pretty much anywhere we wanted to go. The staff was friendly and always helpful - great concierge (Gita)!   It's a very quiet hotel - no gaming, and not smokey, which is always a welcome change from the strip.  The hotel restaurant prices are reasonable for a quick bite, but if you're looking for something really special head to the strip. This hotel has one of the few pools open over the winter - it's both indoor and out door and very warm.  Nice pool side area outside too - if you don't have the perfect body and are intimidated by those slutty strip pools like I am. The spa is also great - I had a wonderful deep tissue massage.
5	Having stayed at properties up and down the Strip, this second visit to the Platinum pretty well convinced us to look no further. We stayed three nights and felt like we could have easily stayed 30 more. Having a full kitchen, big bedroom, living room with queen-sized sofabed, and a bathroom with jacuzzi tub-for-two and separate shower with easily adjustable spray made it feel much more like a place to live than just a place to crash. Did I mention the balcony that's big enough for a table and four chairs. We asked for an East-facing room, because we prefer the sunrise to the Striprise. Considering that we stayed over the weekend of NASCAR, NCAA basketball, and a big grappling tournament (not to mention a couple dozen minor conventions), it was as though we had the world to ourselves. The room was very quiet and restful, even though it's a 10-minute walk from the Strip. We hiked down the street to The Flamingo one evening for a light deli meal (eating by the flamingo fountain in the garden), then rode the Monorail up and down, just because it's there. We are former locals who ignored the Monorail for 5 years, but decided to try it as tourists. Got that checked off our list. Still it was a very easy walk back from the Paris/Bally's Monorail stop to the Platinum. I lost count of how many pleasant, positive encounters I had with the staff, whether calling for an extra blanket for the sofabed, or with a question about the thermostat, the response was always friendly and professional. I think I met most of the parking valet staff over the course of 3 days, and they were also unfailingly courteous and helpful. The restaurant (for Sunday morning breakfast) overlooks the pool and deck, and we found the menu to be a little limited, but perfectly adequate. Our food was very tasty, well-presented, and reasonably priced, by Las Vegas standards. Bruno, the head server, made sure everything was right, even when he was obviously very busy.If you want noise and smoke and flashing lights and staggering patrons, then you probably don't want the Platinum. If you want spacious comfort, convenience to the Strip, unfussy elegance, value-for-money, and a friendly, attentive staff, then give the Platinum a try. Maybe we'll see you there next time.
4	Found this place through the "Hotel Tonight" app.  It is the same deal as yelp!  This hotel is pretty nice, it has a full kitchen, living full with a pull out sofa, bedroom with a king sized bed and bathroom with a double sink, spa tub and standing shower.  The bathroom can be accessed through two doors, one from the bedroom and one from the general living room area.  This suite also comes with a balcony which we had a view of the Venetian.  There is also a full spa service, business center and gym on the fourth floor.  We only stayed here for one night but I think I will stay here again since the room is pretty big and comfortable.
5	So I booked my hotel through a travelzoo offer and I got 3 nights for 430, which was a two queen bed suite with a sofa couch, kitchen area and huge bathroom. Also this place is off the strip but right behind ballys and next to ellis island casino.  Me and a couple buddies got there super early around 9am and when I tried to check in, I thought they wouldnt have a room available yet, but they sure did! How awesome is that!? Got to our room and we were all excited about how big the room was! One thing I noticed about this hotel establishment are the workers are SUPER FRIENDLY! Also, when I called in for extra towels, they called back just to make sure that I got them. Never had a problem while we were here and I certainly would book another trip here if I want to stay off the strip but still close enough to it.  It was nice not having a casino at the hotel so you can kind of get away from the busyness of the strip.  Having the fridge was great cause we could chill our huge bottles of alcky and even have cold water because the fridge had an ice and water dispenser.  I had a great birthday weekend and this place was a great find!
4	If I could give The Platinum 4.5 stars I would! Just spent 3 wonderful nights here.  Let me preface this review by stating we were looking for an upscale hotel that would allow our 2 small dogs. We found The Platinum accepted dogs with a $75 non refundable deposit which we found to be fair.Before hitting the pros and cons, let me state that all the employees at this establishment "gets it"...they completely understand that their customers keep their hotel running and it shows!  As This hotel has no gaming income, they understand the need to treat their visitors like VIP's and they did that for our visit.As we drove in, we were met bt valet persons Julian & Roger. Julian took our car and Roger took our bags. Both persons were up and interested in assisting us. It was great that bith Julian and Roger knew our name when we pulled in or valet service. A big thumbs up there! Very personalized service.Most os the reviews are accurate re location, etc.Room was great. upgraded by front desk for strip view...amother thumbs up. Great room, beautifil ss appliances, very roomy. First time we have ever had a fridge and microwave and they really came in handy for leftovers and snacking.My only con to the room...a large stain on rug from other dogs. Now, I understand that if you dont have a pet you will most likely not get this room. It only makes sense that certain rooms are for guests with pets, so this our only small complaint.Otherwise, the room was very clean and fresh. We were very comfortable. HVAC was very nice. Very quiet, never saw any others on the floor.Bottom Line, would I stay there again or recommend The Platinum? Yes, in a heartbeat. Their outstanding Staff made for a very nice getaway. Nordstroms customer service at a Macy's price. Management should be proud that their employees were really special.Oh, almost forgot, once we got settled, a knock on the door and 2 dog beds with toys arrived! Just another small sample of how little thoughtful things are what makes a stay memorable...I know Platinum Mgmt is reading this, so "Job well done"  ;)
4	Great place, excellent value. We stayed in our first night in Vegas since we'd be spending the day on a bus on the way to the Grand Canyon. We got upgraded to a suite on the 15th floor with a strip view. Bathroom had glass enclosed shower and a soaker tub. Basic amenities. Room was so comfortable, nice bedding. Flat screen TV in the living room. Kitchen with a wrap bar with stools. Great for room service, which was great. Nice balcony. Air conditioning unit a little loud, but we were able to control the temperature.  Walk to the strip was about 10 minutes. Ellis Island Brewery next door for a hilarious Las Vegas $10 prime rib dinner. Pool clean and spacious. Lots of outdoor seating. Unassuming crowd, quiet rooms, so affordable. Great views. AWESOME! Loved the Platinum.
4	We had to bring our dogs last minute and we found this hotel option on-line. It seemed like a good option. Upon entering the lobby, it was clean, staff was friendly. The room was fantastic, clean and spacious. Bathroom was very large and kitchen was beautiful and functional. We will definitely stay again for ease with animals and very nice amenities. Only complaint was phone reservations offered one price but we wanted to see the hotel before booking (otherwise it was non-refundable) but when we got to hotel, they didn't offer the same rates (slightly higher).
4	I cannot complain about anything at this hotel. Even though it's Vegas, and you pretty much are only in the hotel room for sleep, the Platinum was still a great hotel to stay in.If I could give this place a 4.5 I would. The only reason it would not get a perfect 5 is because of the distance from the strip. It is not a place you want to walk back to, drunk, at 5 am. The hotel was about 3 blocks from the strip.Other than that, the place was great. I have stayed in penthouse suites at the MGM Signatures and they were not even close to being as large as this hotel room. The room that was purchased was a 1 king bed, with a living room that included a sofa bed. So two beds. But just the size of the entire room was incredible. If there were people sleeping all over the floors on air mattresses, you could fit AT LEAST 20 people in the room. The kitchen was also enormous, the island carried 2 nights worth of drinks and cups with still plenty of room. Also, our balcony overseen the pool. Lastly, the bathroom was beautiful (shower, jacuzzi), and the room's decor was superb.The customer service was great, and the valet was kind and speedy. If you do not mind taking a taxi back to your hotel room, then this would be the place to stay at and bring multiple friends. One of the more nicer places I've ever stayed at in Vegas.
5	Great hotel! Great customer service, location & price! It is so close to the strip and the rooms are big and nice! I would stay here again!
4	Wow what a deal for the Yelp Spring Break event at $77.00 a night for the top 17th floor. The one bedroom suite also included a full kitchen, living room and large bathroom with jacuzzi tub.The service here was impressive and the staff everywhere was super friendly. The hotel is completely smoke free so you can't even smoke at the pool late night - bummer I had to smoke my cigar on Fremont Street. The hotel has no gaming, is quaint  and has convenient valet parking. The fitness center is on the smaller side but it's adequate to get a mini workout in. I thought the pool area was unique - part of the pool was outdoors and part  was indoor. The pool area also had a fire pit to enjoy in the evening.If you follow me on yelp you know I'm a big Marriott fan and it' sucks when you don't receive the perks at non Marriott locations.Overall it was a good experience at the Platinum Hotel and would recommend staying there.
4	I didn't initially want to stay off strip - I didn't want to hoof it around in my heels - but I'm so, so, so glad I decided to stay here and get a rental car!  I think I could have moved into the Platinum and been totally happy - no need to return to real life.  This is definitely a 4.5 star place. Seriously though - I could live here.  Even their smallest suites are fully equipped with stainless steel appliances (with an ice-maker and water filter in the fridge door!), a huge jetted tub, separate sleeping quarters, two decent size closets, his-and-hers sinks, and a balcony (which is totally worth the $10 upgrade for a strip view!).  For a bit more, you can even get a washer/dryer in your unit.  Is this a high-rise apartment building or a hotel?!  My vacation was so jam-packed with activities that I didn't get a chance to check out their restaurant or spa facilities, but I'd love to next time.  I did have a drink down in the bar (expensive, but anticipated), and it was quite delish. The beds?  Heaven.  The pillows and comforter? Down-filled and luxurious.  A fully equipped kitchen with full-size appliances?  Came in handy!  Central A/C!?!? You can choose your own temp?! And it's not loud?!  HALLELUJAH!  And a second shout-out to my friend, the jetted tub.  We had a fabulous afternoon together.  Another huge plus - free WiFi.  This girl doesn't own a smartphone, and most places on the strip charge a ridiculous amount for their WiFi.  The freebie was much appreciated. The service was top-notch.  Everybody I encountered was friendly and professional. The only complaints?  Their parking system is a little cramped - your only option is valet, but it's a bit discombobulated getting the cars in and out in such a small space.  Also, there was vomit on our balcony from the previous guests, but it was handled professionally.  It didn't take away from the fact that I would go back here in a heartbeat!
4	Loved this hotel, not just for Vegas, but for anywhere.Here are the reasons why:1. Our standard suite was roughly the size of our house2. Full sized kitchen (we wasted no time in make the fridge look like we'd been there for months)4. Bathroom bigger than the bedrooms in our house COMBINED with a jacuzzi tub, large shower, and dual sink5. "Green" room with AC that only turns on when you put your room key in the special slot6. True suite with living room + hide-a-bed and an enclosed bedroom7. Full patio with table and chairs attached to every room8. Lovely pool with lots of chairs and beds.  Less "party time" than your typical Vegas pool, but one can still have fruity rum drinks delivered to their chair.9. Friendly front desk staff and bag guys.  We were also greeted with a call as soon as we were in our room asking if it was up to our highly discerning specs.10. Entirely non-smoking property and you don't have to walk through a maze of casinos to reach your roomThere were some cons too....just a few, but still worth pointing out:1. Valet parking only2. Somewhat surly valet dudes3. Slow/somewhat surly service in the bar.  Happy hour seems good, but I would have hated to pay full price for what we received4. Weird sulfur smell at the pool (but I smelled it all over Vegas, so it could just be a Vegas thing)5. Terrrrrrible in-room coffee.  Truly offensive.All in all, a great value and a great hotel!  We paid $77 a night as part of a promotion (CHEAP!) but the standard of about $130 is really not too bad.  It was worth it to stay off the strip a bit in a place that felt like home and I loved opening up my suitcase and not having it reek of casino when we got home.
5	I am a HUGE fan of this hotel! When I saw The Platinum on the list for Yelp Spring Break 2012, there was no question - I was staying here!- - Sign up for their email list so that you can score some great rates, usually under $100/night. I once stayed here for $99/night and scored a midnight check out time!There comes a time in your adult life where you have done hotels on the Vegas strip and while planning your next trip, you want a little more R&R than raging party... this is the place to go. Don't get me wrong, this place has plenty of hotel swag, but here, it comes with a much more personal experience. I agree with Juliette S. - I could go on and on about all of the things that I love about this hotel, but who has the time to read all of that?! Here's some of the highlights:- Full kitchenIf you plan on cooking, you can save yourself a phone call by asking for the kitchen goods (pots, pans, dish soap, paper towels, etc.) when you check in. It'd be nice if they just had that stuff in the room already, but whatever.Extra items you should bring - Tupperware and Ziploc bags for leftovers, seasoning besides salt & pepper (provided), Ice cube trays, foil, saran wrap, and a cutting board.- Free yoga class for guests on Saturday morningI know the idea of waking up before noon after a night out in Vegas sounds insane, but if you're into yoga/fitness, this is a great way to kick off the remainder of your party weekend. Throw on some sweats and a tee and head to the pool deck to hang with Marissa (the instructor when I was there) who is super chill. She's positive, informative and has an encouraging teaching style WITHOUT being so chipper at 9 AM. that  you'd want to punch her in the face. You have to sign up in the Well Spa in advance, but something tells me if you just showed up, they'd accommodate you.-ValetWhile tipping someone to bring your car to you each time you need it can add up, remember that you never have to hoof it your car! The guys are super nice and if you stay there for a full weekend, they get to know you and it become an added bonus to arrive, be greeted, and not have to worry about dragging yourself from the lot to the hotel like you would at other hotels.Last, this hotel really cares about making sure that you have the best possible experience, so if you need something, don't be shy.I'm glad that The Platinum decided to partner with Yelp for YSB. I was a fan before, but I am an even bigger one now.
4	Bang for the buck! Princess suite had very large living area, bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. Also included was a washer and dryer. No casino so no additional fees. The cab line only ever gets a few people deep. Very accommodating and friendly staff. Absolutely loved having all the amenities versus the big hotels on the strip. It's only about a 15 minute walk, if that, when you feel like walking.The only thing I found to be be rather odd was the television in the bedroom had to be a good 10+ years old? No idea where they found that thing. All analog and had to tilt it to adjust the snowy picture.Dear service staff,  hope you enjoyed the beer and champagne we left behind. I think we overestimated the amount of time we'd be in the rooms!
4	Thanks Yelp for introducing me to this lovely non-gaming hotel for Yelp Spring 2012! The budget-friendly price lured me in and I was pleasantly surprised by the amenities it offered.What I love:* Spacious rooms. Each room includes at least 1 room, living room, full kitchen, double doors to the bathroom* Full-size kitchen - full fridge, oven, stove, sink, dishwasher. Pots & pans are upon request.* Nice bathroom -- Jacuzzi tub & shower and two sinks.* No Resort Fee* Full-service concierge* 1-1/2 blocks to Las Vegas Strip (along Flamingo Rd.)* Complimentary Yoga Class* Indoor and outdoor swimming pools* Modern fitness center* Room service available from 6am to 11pm* Complimentary valet parking* Complimentary internet for all guestsI'm definitely coming back with my girlfriends. A great place for a group of girls or families. Location is close to the strip and loved the convenience of the kitchen to whip up a light breakfast or make late night Shin ramen.
5	Everyone was sooo NICE!!! At every turn we had staff asking us if our needs were met and if we were enjoying our stay. But it wasn't in an intrusive fashion. I love that it's slightly removed from the strip and that it isn't a casino. Yikes is that blasphemous to say? I don't care, I'm done with the smoke filled casino set up. I'd like to enjoy my hangover in some sort of peace. The suites are sweetly set up. They come with a full kitchen, stocked with cutlery and everything else you might need to save your cash and prepare your own meals. Big plus is the ice dispenser right in the fridge door! Easily amused I guess :)Complimentary wi-fi LOVEAffordable room service... OMG... It makes all the difference after a night of overindulging.
5	Friendliest staff I have ever encountered at a hotel. There is no self park it is all valet, which is very nice. I'm not a fan of smokey casinos so I was excited to know this hotel has no casino, works perfect for me...I'm not much of a gambler. The moment we checked in until the moment we checked out the staff was always helpful, smiling, and giving us courtesy calls to make sure our stay was pleasant. That was a nice touch because it wasn't overly intrusive and they cared how our experience was going. The hotel is not on the strip but not far from it either. All the rooms are suites and come with a full kitchen, big living room, huge bathroom with whirpool, and a nice size bedroom. I was very impressed and sad that I was only there one night. The beds and comforter are very comfortable, the bathroom has so much space you can have a dance party in there, and the whirpool fits two people nicely. There is complimentary wi-fi which is AWESOME!!! The room service is fairly priced compared to other hotels. The pool is on the 5th floor and there is an outside and inside pool which connect so you can swim from one area to another. There is a jacuzzi and showers as well. I truly love this hotel, I will be back soon!
4	Great rooms for an even better price!!!!!  There is no casino or smoking on the premises.  And for me that's a huge bonus.Our room overlooked the strip, had a full kitchen, washer and dryer, jacuzzi tub, and a full living room.Pool was convenient and comfortable and you are able to get drinks pool side.Easy walk to Bally's or a nonexistent cab line to wherever you may be headed.Staff is friendly and accommodates all your needs.Will be staying here next time I head to Vegas!
4	Praise Yelp for centrally located off-the-strip hotels! Especially non-casino, non-smoking ones with good shower heads, giant bathtubs, full kitchens, free wi-fi, great pillows, and a shaded balcony so the paler among us can still be outside without getting toasted. Because really, charred marshmallow isn't a great look outside of a S'more. The staff was A+, quickly handling our requests for cooking supplies and more, while the valet parking was an extra bonus that made me feel fairly fancy. The pool was nicely maintained, and poolside drink service efficient and friendly, despite the rudeness of the patrons I encountered inside the bar. This is, apparently, a hotel that folks like to get married at, so maybe be prepared for pool closures and some cheering/chanting/thumping bass late at night. This should not be a problem unless you are a grandma like me, and even then a quick call to the hotel management managed to placate both revelers and guests alike. Again, great staff! And for the price we scored through Yelp Spring Break definitely a bargain - I'm sure I'll be back!
5	My experience at the Platinum from start to finish was top-notch.  Booking was quick and easy, they upgraded me to a kick-ass suite (way bigger than my apartment!), and they provided great service 100% of the time.  I was lucky enough to take advantage of a discounted rate for Yelp Spring Break, but I would have paid the full asking price, which is super reasonable anyway.  It's off The Strip, but close enough to walk, and a non-gaming site.  When it's a bajillion degrees out and you might not want to walk, it's a very short cab ride.  It's also within a doable distance to downtown via cab.  Every single counter person, bellhop, bartender, waiter, housekeeper, and valet was genuinely welcoming and friendly during all interactions.  The room was huge, with kitchen and everything else I could need from a hotel, including dishes.  They're making a solid attempt and reducing waste and energy, too, something I didn't really see at other nearby hotels.  The bar on the main floor was nice, with a super happy hour every day.  Restaurant and pool level was pretty slick, too.I recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a little solace from the Strip Madness, fast and stress-free interactions, and large, spotless rooms with a view if you want one.  The valet/drop-off area can get really busy, but they are very helpful assisting with taxis and directions.  Are there fancier, "5-star" hotels around?  Sure.  But my experience here was 5 stars, no doubt.  I'll take awesome service over an extra mint on the pillow any day.
4	I would definitely stay here again. The price was pretty good. The staff was really nice. Their restaurant was pretty nice. Prices were decent for their food. Pool was ok... The pool water was cold and the spa water was incredibly hot (too hot to sit in). The pillows were super fluffy and comfy tho! It was nice that they offer complimentary valet. Made it convenient. It wasn't that far of walk to the strip. All in all a pretty good place to stay!
2	The hotel was average.  The rooms were fine, although our sliding door to the balcony was stuck shut and we had to call maintenance to have it opened.  Also, there was a burnt out light in our room that never did wind up getting fixed.Additionally, we arrived and learned that the pool would be closing early (6pm) on Sunday for an event......they kicked us out of the pool area at 4pm instead.Further, if you want to eat at the hotel restaurant, don't.  It took over an hour after we ordered our food to even see an appetizer....and according to the only other two tables seated....they had the same experience.
5	EDC 2011 - the bf and I met up with our friends who were staying here, and I have been itching to stay here since. May 2012 - Yelp Spring Break gave us the perfect opportunity to finally stay at the Platinum. It was extremely difficult to turn down a $170 weekend deal (taxes included, no resort fees).We stayed in a Solitaire Suite (910 sq. ft. - the size of a one-bedroom apartment), and was already impressed by the basic package! Each suite is built with an intuitive and efficient energy system: plug your card into the light switch by the door to adjust your HVAC unit, take it out and the air + some lights turn off.. plus it's a great key holder (i had no trouble finding my key card each time we left the room!), a balcony, a living room the size of a Venetian/Palazzo Suite, a bedroom, a beautiful bathroom, and a full kitchen. The kitchen is spacious, had a classy granite countertop feel, and came equipped with: a full-size fridge/freezer (we went looking for the ice room on our floor, but couldn't find one, because every room comes with an ice maker.. duh!), microwave, coffee maker, 4 stove tops, an oven (I could have baked a cake here!), a set of knives (not the best idea for drunk college kids), and silverware and 3 types of glassware (wine, tall, short). On top of all the amenities, the service here was stellar! Shortly after we checked into our room and retrieved our luggage, Guest Services called to see how our check-in process went, and offered to further assist with any other services. After the call, we were so amazed! The next day, we requested for pots and an iron, and we got it within 5 minutes. About 5 minutes after that, we got another phone call from Guest Services following up on our requests. SO AMAZED!Valet only, and unfortunately no taxi line waiting outside the porte cochere. It was hardly a problem though, since The Platinum is a block away from the Strip, right behind Bally's... about a 15 minute stroll. We DID need to hail a taxi once, and a cab arrived within 10 minutes, although it can take up to a half an hour wait sometimes.Even without the Yelp deal, the usual room rates here are unbeatable for its quality and quantity. Having been inside one of the suites before this visit, I expected a large room, but I never imagined the service to be world class as well! The Platinum has become my new standard for luxury living on the Strip, and I doubt many places will beat it for its value!
4	This is the first non-casino hotel I have stayed in when visiting Vegas. I am so glad I did and let me tell you why. First off, no smoke and no loud casino bling bling noises as soon as you get downstairs. It was really nice to have a nice quiet spot just off the strip. Easy walking distance to the strip and a nice laid back feel when you have had enough noise. The staff is friendly. Our room was amazing. Large kitchen, living area, separate bedroom, giant jacuzzi tub, and a nice balcony with a view of the strip! It was one of the largest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in! It was also very quiet!The pool area is awesome. Indoor and outdoor pool that connects as one. It wasn't over crowded AND no paying for a cabana! Major points for that one. You can order drinks or food from the restaurant for the outside. The restaurant inside is my only complaint on this place. We went in for breakfast one morning and the food was pretty bad. I had the eggs Benedict. The English muffin was hard and rubbery, there was hardly any hollandaise sauce, and worst of all there was a large chunk of egg shell still left on the poached egg. The owner of the restaurant did apologize. He had unfortunately been out and so when he got a hold of me we had already checked out. He said if we ever came back to the hotel that he would pay for a meal. That was very nice and I appreciate this as I will be back to this hotel for sure.If not for the breakfast this place would have a strong five star review. Overall we had a very pleasant stay and will be back again for our next visit to Vegas.
4	Love, love, love this hotel!I usually come here often when I'm in Vegas. [except when I decide I'm in the mood for trying out new hotels] This is my go-to hotel because the prices are GREAT, it is extremely relaxing, the service is great, and the room is amazing.Although this hotel is off the strip, I honestly don't mind because it only takes 2-3 minutes to visit that area. It is also extremely quiet and relaxing! I love how it is only valet, which is free of charge and there is NO CASINO! Extra bonus. None of that noise or smoke when you walk in. It's just instant relaxation.I usually stay in the Princess Suite, but I don't mind staying in the Solitaire Suite which does not have a balcony or a washer and dryer. The room is huge considering the price, which is fabulous. The kitchen is quite large and I love how everything is provided; there are plates, cups, mugs, glasses, silverware, a kettle, coffeemaker, spatulas, just all the works. The bathroom is great, clean and has a jetted tub. Great after a long day. The beds are quite comfortable, although not the best. There is also a sofa bed, which isn't the best, but will do if you have extra people along.The service is okay; the valet and check-in staff aren't super friendly, they get the job done quickly though. The room-service staff and cleaning staff are much more friendly and often strike conversations with you. The decor in the lobby is gorgeous and the pool area has fire-pits and a partial indoor swimming pool. They also have gorgeous relaxing outdoor beds and the outdoor furniture there is beautiful! The furniture inside the hotel room isn't eye-catching, but it works and is refreshing.Overall, this hotel is relaxing and gorgeous. The rooms are large and extremely inexpensive considering that you get a kitchen, a nice bathroom, a living area, free valet, and amenities many other hotels do not have such as a washer and drier and a full-sized refrigerator. This place is definitely great if you are here for long business trips or are staying for more than a week!
2	very disappointed for many reasons...1.  i had to ask the desk 3 times to have the floors of my room cleaned/vacuumed.  The cleaning staff apparently eats sunflower seeds, because they left them on the floor and after i asked again for them to vacuum the seeds were STILL THERE. either no cleaning or they are blind.   Room was not as clean as the last stay, last year2. a co-worker of mine had cockroaches in her room3. upon check out i told the front desk clerk who didn't even respond, just said "oh, sorry".  That's not how you treat a return guest who booked 3 rooms for 7 and 8 days.i travel extensively and expect more, i doubt we will return.
1	Stayed February 2012, traveled on businessI am part of an organization in Las Vegas and two times out of the year we hold an event at a hotel. People come to learn about our organization and meet with members for 3 hours. Prior to this stay, we held this event at the Palazzo the past 6 times with no problems whatsoever. After this stay, I am confident in saying that it will be the last time we will ever do business with Platinum. I was shocked at the lack of customer service this staff showed our organization and guests. Having known we were to have a good amount of guests in the room, two managers came into the room and started yelling at us to "get the hell out." Told us we "better get the hell out NOW, we already called Metro." This was after we were already informed by someone in our organization that we had to leave the room because they were kicking us out for having too many people in the room. The event started at 6:30pm and this terrible customer experience happened not even 2 hours into the event.My complaints:1) Lack of communication with our organization about the number of people allowed in the room. Should have been more clear before allowing us to book the room and having our night ruined.2) The way by which the two managers handled the situation. Was it really necessary to tell us to get the hell out? Please do not treat us like we are 10 years old. We are guests in your establishment and we paid money to utilize this room. It was because of these two individuals that has caused me to take action and file complaints. In what type of business setting is it ever alright to treat customers like that? In what type of business setting is it ever alright to yell at paying guests?So to all that are reading this, if you are looking for a hotel in Las Vegas where you can really enjoy your stay in Sin City, coming from a resident of Las Vegas for over 20 years, Platinum is NOT the hotel for you.To Platinum management: You lost good business. We will continue to organize our events with Palazzo for they truly stand by their values and principles.It is ALWAYS about the customer.
5	After a crappy comp room in the dumpy old tower at the Palms, I stumbled onto this place via Hotel Tonight (which I have to now recommend after using it). I wasn't expecting much with it being off-strip but so far I have no real plans to go back to the strip for a hotel, and I LOVE gambling. Huge room, jacuzzi, full kitchen, shaded fairly large (for a hotel) balcony, free wi-fi... Having a hard time finding something to not love here other than the coffee pot not being empty when we got here. I secretly wanted to give it one star to keep it from being sold out next time I come to town.
4	I've stayed here a couple of times.  But again, like couple of my other reviews long overdue.  The location is just slightly off of the strip, about 2 blocks behind Bally's.  I know 2 blocks doesn't seem like much, but in Vegas weather, it can seem daunting.  The hotel has a modern edge, with all the rooms being suites.  The customer service is excellent, the reason I say that is, during my last stay, we had a plumbing issue with the shower, they promptly set up another room for us, and took care of the remaining bill for the weekend.  You can always find a great deal through the hotel or through travel sites.  If you are looking for a place with modern amenities and on a budget, I highly recommend this hotel.  It's just off of the strip, and with all the food you'll probably eat in Vegas, a little walking never hurt anyone.
1	WOW!  This place was terrible. I asked my hubby to get me another room because I didn't want to stay in the same room with his friends. He went down to the front desk at 4am and they said we couldn't get a room because their systems were down and would be for another hour. Okay fine, we went to go eat and came back....their systems were STILL DOWN! and now would be for another 2 hours. One person of our group gave us their room key to stay in their room for the night. Sweet! so we go up to the room andddd.....theres a couple sleeping in there!!! I don't know who was more scared-us or them?! Needless to say, we ended up having 2 rooms comped. Whoever is running this hotel needs to be fired ASAP! Their day to day operations are terrible!
5	amazing thanks for treating me like a queen! This is my place
3	We had a very pleasant stay, with one exception we had our car ransacked over night. The room was decent by Las Vegas standards and very quiet.  We had a nice view from room 302, staff was pleasant and the pool was super.  But some how the valet left my car unlocked and it was complete tossed by the time we received it the following morning.  So only 3 stars for that one.
4	Got a last minute deal for a one night stay for a spur of the moment trip. Booked solely because of the positive reviews out there for the Platinum. Came here w/ two kids, ages 5 and 8.PROS:* Nice location, right off the strip behind Bally's... convenient for an "off the strip" location.* Very clean!!  * Nice and quiet since it's a non-gaming hotel.* Rooms are super spacious, kitchens are incredible w/ state of the art appliances. Makes you feel like home. A must if you have kids!!  You could actually make Thanksgiving dinner here if you wanted. Full size fridge/freezer. * Nice balcony in the Solitaire suite looking out toward the strip (we actually booked the Princess suite, but it wasn't available upon checkin, so they gave us a $20 credit and put us in the Solitaire. It was only one night, so not a huge deal).* Pool was nice, an indoor/outdoor thing... small, but nice and right off the restaurant.* Didn't take very long to get a cab or our car from valet when we were ready to leave. A nice change from the big hotels that are so crowded on Sunday mornings that you wait 2 hours to do anything.CONS:* DO NOT GO TO THE RESTAURANT. The service in the restaurant was atrocious. Beyond atrocious. It wasn't that the servers weren't trying or friendly, but this place is incredibly mismanaged. We were like the only people here for breakfast, and it still took 45 minutes to get the food out. Even coffee took like 15 minutes after we sat down (again, NOBODY in the place). Then we had to wait another 5 to get creamer!! The guy who brought our food out had no idea where to put it (by now, there was one other table seated, and he brought the food there instead). The food was ok... nothing to write home about.Definitely would return to this hotel, just would plan on eating elsewhere!
3	I liked it and disliked it. My husband I came to stay here for a bodybuilding competition. Having a kitchen and a fitness room is very important. The kitchen was great the fitness room was one of the worst I have ever seen. We love that it's not in a loud and smokey casino and it's just off the busy strp but there's no self parking. Tipping to get your car everrry time is terrible. It makes you wanna stay in. The rooms were clean but everytime we flushed the toilet it hummed loudly for about 60 seconds. ?? The lady at the front desk was irrated and snotty and ended up telling us the wrong floor and only activated our room keys for one day so we were locked out of our room the next day. We also asked for pots and pans three times before we got them and never received the extra towels we requested. But our room is always cleaned the second we left the room.  How did they do that? I would probably come back but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	We stayed at the Platinum Hotel this past weekend. We were very impressed with the size of the room and having the kitchen was great! The bathroom had a really nice oversized jacuzzi tub and it was wonderful to have that after coming back from walking the strip all day! Big plus'es: No resort fee, free wi-fi, all non-smoking, and valet parking. Minus'es: the water in the shower wasn't that hot and the bed was so-so. Overall nice hotel, we would stay here again.
5	Was a really great place to stay. The  staff is completely accommodating for whatever you might need. Very spacious rooms, clean and wonderful large kitchen. Will definitely stay again.
5	What a deal! Huge bathroom with shower and jacuzzi, full kitchen with fridge and appliances, living room, and bedroom all for $120 one night stay. Everything was impeccably clean and we had a great view of the strip. It's away from the gambling madness too, which is nice. Bellhop service is a little slow, but other than that, it was a lovely stay!
5	I've stayed on the strip and downtown. The Platinum is by far, the best deal. You're not that far off the strip but what you get for the money is well worth being a few blocks off the strip. The rooms are gorgeous and have a nice full sized kitchen, with a living room and a bedroom. Very, very nice.And we didn't hear anyone else. No all night parties like you hear at the strip hotels. It was magnificent.There are two convenience stores next door for getting groceries and such. That was nice.Only downside is, you can't get a cab REALLY quick. It takes anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes for one to come after the staff starts the process of getting you one. But there's never a line to get them, either. Ha! It was a small price to pay for having an affordable and REALLY nice place to stay while in Vegas.
4	This was my first Off-the-Strip Hotel at Las Vegas. I normally have very big reservations staying in these types of joints because I am forced to drive around Vegas which I hate. Residents know that you NEVER take Las Vegas Blvd if you can't help it and so I have always stayed in Wynn, Belagio, Harrah's, Venetian, etc. But I have to admit The Platinum is AMAZING!I stayed here on August 17 to 19. The outside was a BLISTERING 114, so I stayed mostly in my hotel room until it was time to go out. One of the reasons I love this hotel so much was that you can fiddle with the AC settings to set the room to 60! I am a fan of the frost and I abhor heat. Most hotels you can only set the thermostat to say 66 - 64, but this was the first to set it to 60! I know this is a weird reason to love a hotel, but its mine! I make this claim right now that whenever I go to Vegas over summer, I will ALWAYS stay in The Platinum!The rooms were all suite and they are ridiculously spacious; kitchen, living room,, even an open closet for washer and dryer. The kitchen is fully stocked with utensils and a full refrigerator. The bedroom was huge and the bathroom had a big tub so my girl can soak in a few minutes.What I don't like was the size of the bed. For a room that big, the bed is a Queen that almost looked like a Full. The pillows were too fluffy to the point they weren't even there. Lastly they seriously need to upgrade their television in the bedroom.. I swear it was those old blocky 1980's CRT televisions.Overally the rate we paid was around $90. I highly recommend this hotel for the price and quality of room. Now just a word of warning, there is no self-parking it is valet only. The check-in process could be faster as well and there was some sort of mix-up that occurred on my credit card that made them lock me out of my room until I came downstairs to resolve it.Even with all that shenanigans, I would recommend this.
5	What a great hidden gem. Off the strip, non-gaming property. For the money it's a great deal and is positioned at the best part of the strip, less than a 10 minute walk from the hotel.We stayed in an awesome king bed Princess Suite (1,150 +/= s.f.). Wow! It even has a sweet 7x10 foot foyer in the unit. We came here to celebrate my birthday and they outdid themselves - there are perks to being a regular. :) Good job Derek!The bathroom is huge and the jets powerful in the whirlpool tub that is amply large for two people. The separate shower is also great and the rainfall shower head is awesome!We arrived on a Thursday and departed on a Sunday and the weather was already turning a bit cooler (it was in the low 70s on Friday, mid 70s on Saturday) since it was mid-October.The food at Kil@wat (only breakfast & lunch - dinner is not served but you can get room service until 11 pm) is excellent and room service was prompt and service exceptional. The service is outstanding in Kil@wat and Stir Lounge. Thumbs up for Claudia and Josh. Wonderfully welcoming!Stir Lounge has great appetizers and discount drinks/wine on the happy hour menu and a great place to start and end nights.They have complimentary valet parking, you just need to tip. And please do tip. These valets do not make a lot of money and just because it is complimentary to you doesn't mean those that are conveniencing your stay are getting paid fairly. We should be as good as customers as they are in providing a service. (Or treat others as you would wish to be treated.)All in all I loved my stay at the Platinum Hotel and will of course be back on our next Vegas trip!
5	This is THE SPOT for all youre suite needs! I found this gem thanks to a buddy of mine who invited me for a Vegas weekend. I was impressed, not only was the room very well designed, it has a friken full fledged kitchen. Ive now been here 3 times over the past 2 years, and The Platinum never disappoints. Ive been to the Vdara Hospitality Suite Ive been to Planet Hollywood Panorama suites, yes their suites are luxurious and amazing, but way too expensive for almost the overall same experience The PLatinum offers, at half the price thank you. Im not even going to brag about how good the service is, from the free valet service, to the exceptional room service, I asked for extra covers, I got extra covers, I asked for a can opener, I got a can opener, and for every item I ordered (and received like really fast) I would get a call from room service just to be sure I received my stuff correctly. I mean its the little things that count and at THE PLATINUM they come in spades. The pool is awesome, the indoor section is water heated and the outdoor is refreshing, What I like the most about this place is the outstanding service that comes with a very affordable price. Its not even far from the Strip, literally around the corner on Flamingo Ave.
2	This has to be the most boring hotel in all of Vegas. Rooms have a full kitchen but the social aspect is equivalent to AntarticaOn the plus, the rooms are suites with full kitchens and jacuzzi tubs.  If you are planning an extended time in Vegas this would be a good option.I hear college ball players are posted up here during recruitment sessions to keep them off the strip and out of trouble.
5	OMG! The suites are bigger than MY apartment! I need to move in the Platinum Hotel STAT. Plus it's pet-friendly so my medium sized Jindo can come too! Yes, this place is perfect. Wait, let me tell you about what I hate about Vegas hotels on the strip:1) It's always super crowded 24/7.2) Second-hand smoke 24/7.3) LOUD NOISES4) Newly 21 partygoers.5) Walking a mile across the casino, showing your room card to the elevator guy (what is this, Costco?) and then walking another half mile to my room. The Platinum Hotel has no casino, is smoke-free and ok, maybe you can't escape the newly 21 partygoers but why the heck would you go to Vegas expecting otherwise.JUST UPGRADE AND GET THE SUITE. -- Full kitchen-- WASHER AND DRYER WTF -- this is awesome. I did my laundry just before I checked out.-- Really nice view of the Strip.-- JACUZZI that I didn't get to try but it looked really roomy.-- Did I mention the suite is bigger than my tiny-ass apartment?-- The staff are super nice. They remember your names.-- VALET PARKING IS MANDATORY, BUT FREE. Be a homie and tip those poor guys who have to work in extreme desert weather.If you like SOME quiet in your Vegas trip, please try the Platinum hotel.
4	Really good place for large groups. We had two adjoining rooms. Price wise it's worth it.
4	The customer service here is AWESOME. The rooms are well appointed, the pool area is great even if it's small-ish for Vegas, it's never super busy and the staff were great. We loved the quiet atmosphere - other than a few weddings that did get really loud, so beware of that if that's an issue- and the full kitchen in the room. It's not too far from the strip but don't expect to hoof it unless you're really into some exercise, it's best for those renting a car and looking for a little R&R without any crazy crowds at the pool.
5	This is the second stay we have had at the Platinum Hotel in Las Vegas. We chose it for numerous reasons including the full kitchen, the deck (where we love to have our coffee in the morning!), the non-smoking (entire hotel), the fabulous service and no gaming under our room! This is the best hotel in Vegas if you want to rest after clubbing, or have a quiet morning without a party next door! We have stayed at lots of hotels on or around the strip, from the Trump to Mandalay Bay to the Wynn to the Paris and NOTHING compares. When we called for service or a pillow or an extra blanket they were there in minutes. And the bar is quiet and cute and serves excellent drinks. When we want to party we walk a block and we are right in the middle of Vegas Baby! I hate to recommend them because I want it to stay our little secret, but I can't help but Yelp Out about how great this hotel treats us. I stayed with my adult kids and felt safe as they went to party and came home at whatever o'clock. And when we went out, we could come back and relax in the glorious bath (big enough for two!)and get rid of the smokey smell from the casinos. I have nothing bad to say about this great hotel. Except leave a room for me next time I visit!
3	I didn't like that you were forced to hand over your car to the valet and that it was the only option to park. My boyfriend is anal with dirty hands on his steering wheel so we chose to park next door and walk over. The lobby is very tiny. Sort of a nowhere to go but up the elevators type feeling. However, the rooms were very large and very roomy. We really enjoyed sleeping in a suite. The showers were a tad tiny, and I didn't like being a block from the strip (the feeling of being in Vegas is just not the same). Overall, a very pleasant experience.
5	Well worth every penny spent.  If you are looking for a spot on the strip that is low key, clean, hospitable, and packed with just about everything you need, look no further. I am a local and I would definitely stay here again and soon!
5	I just returned with my family from a four day stay at the Platinum Hotel.  I chose the hotel based on its high customer ratings on Expedia.  We had an absolutely fabulous time.  The hotel is eco-friendly throughout, with the most modern amenities, very clean and well maintained throughout.  The rooms are exceptionally palatial, quiet, comfortable, and very affordable. The hotel is pet friendly requiring a flat pet fee of $75.00, and my dogs were treated as if they were paying guests themselves.  The rooms were booked through Expedia. On the day before my scheduled departure,  i decided to stay an additional day.  One of our rooms was already booked for another party's reservation, which required us to change our second room. The hotel staff provided an even larger accommodation at an even cheaper rate.  This brings me to the most important aspect pertaining to my stay. Customer service was exceptional - EXCEPTIONAL!   The hotel's staff was absolutely fabulous, courteous, and engaging without exception!  By the end of my stay, hotel staff remembered the names of our party. My wife and daughters took advantage of the spa.  My wife was pleased with my selection (big plus - wink wink, nudge nudge) and the children were enamored with the size and comfort of their rooms (tweeting pics of the room and views from the balconies to all their friends  shortly after arrival). I have decided that I will make all future travels to LV with my stay through the Platinum.  The Bowles family.
5	This place is awesome! Best service from ALL STAFF MEMBERS from the bottom to the top floor!!! Front desk, valet & bar/dining peeps were extremely cool and get extra shout outs.   =) This is the best place to stay as far as family trips to vegas since it is family friendly, very clean, & very spacious. We enjoyed our 1 bedroom suite so much we didnt want to leave. THE SERVICE HERE IS UNPARALLELED! Like Arnold says: "I'll be back!!"
5	No casino for us is a huge plus. We aren't gamblers, and hate cigarette smoke. If you want to gamble it will require a walk or a drive from here but it's entirely do able. Restaurants:  We didn't try the hotel ones as we brought some food, and met friends for dinner in Henderson. You can walk to Sam Selzers steak house, and perhaps Bahama breeze.  The view from our room on the 15th floor was pretty cool. We saw the approach of a lot of planes into Vegas. The regular sized suite is still pretty darn generous in size. I am sure it's larger than any suite hotel I've been in. Full kitchen let us bring food from home (we are 5-6 hours away) and have breakfast in the room at our leisure.   Home coffee.The massive bath tub I just want to bring home.  I got some bath salts and was in it every night. There's room for two!Families would love this place as it makes Vegas almost family friendly. (I say almost, because let's face it, when you think Las Vegas, do you think, "ooh! Let's take our five year old twins!"Maid service impressed me greatly. The first day they added a cushy bath rug and noticed what shampoos, etc we used and replaced those.  Little things like this matter. FREE valet parking. Seriously.   Great, great staff.  Cookies at night.  VERY quiet. This was our second time here and we will be back again!
1	You get what you pay for, immediately had problems when we got to the hotel, wifi didn't work and after trying to fix it they told us that all of our laptops and cell phones must have been broken, blame the customer good going. Charged me 100$ a day for god knows what if its anything more than a refundable deposit im going to go ape sh*t on their staff. you give us a balcony and tell us not to smoke? what kind of vegas hotel is this? oh yeah doesn't even have a casino. If your Over the age of 75 and like to get to bed before 7:30 this is the hotel for you, and it was full of children, i hate children, vegas is the last place i want to see children, TAKE YOUR KIDS TO DISNEY LAND STOP BLOWING THEIR COLLEGE TUITION AT THE CRAPS TABLE KTHNX NOBODY WANTS YOUR SNOT NOSE LITTLE KIDS IN VEGAS. If your one of the few if any people that go to vegas TO HAVE FUN, this is DEFINITELY not the hotel for you. location SUCKS full of crackheads. security guard by the name of BRIAN was a complete a**hole blaming my party FOR EVERY LITTLE INCIDENT AT THE HOTEL. If you don't smoke and gamble WTF ARE YOU DOING IN VEGAS ANYWAY? this is NOT a vegas hotel, its some bummy 2 bit off the strip hotel. NEVER STAYING OFF THE STRIP AGAIN.
3	I actually went here for an aesthetics event, but still got to check this place out.  This hotel is SWANK (too bad the immediate surrounding area doesn't match).VALET ONLY!  So bring your cash!  Luckily I had some in my pocket before arriving, but there IS an ATM inside and to the right (near the elevators).  By the way, for a Las Vegas hotel on a Tuesday afternoon the elevators were extremely slow to get to the first floor... hmm.I was a little confused about parking at first since I did drive up to the valet area and stopped for a couple of minutes and no one came out... So I left and did the same thing AGAIN, no one came out... Then I decided to just drive into the Valet Only parking garage where I then heard a whistle blown at me.  Oops.  But at least it got someone's attention and I was able to get my car parked. =P  Maybe they should be more on top of it -- I was the only car outside the hotel, guys.  Come on.Very well-decorated inside.  All the staff was nice.  It was cozy, luxurious and peaceful.  I didn't see a suite but I did see one of the conference rooms and it had fantastic windows overlooking the Flamingo Hotel.Locale / driveway is a little too cramped for my tastes, but at least once you're inside the hotel you don't have to worry about anything.  Wish it was in a better location but that's life.
4	Great hotel off the strip if you're staying in Vegas for more than a couple days. Rooms/suites are very spacious and contemporary in decor. Not too flashy at all. No casino here so it's nice and quiet. I've stayed here a few times and had a wonderful experience each time.High points for the suites:-full kitchen-wash/dry inside-really nice bathrooms with large tub-comfortable furnishings-balcony-indoor/outdoor pool with jacuzzi-away from strip-friendly staffNot so bad cons:-must valet your car. It isn't too bad. just adds a nice convenience.-away from strip so if you're hardcore gambler its a couple blocks away to the nearest big casino-jacuzzi wasn't hot enough the last couple times I've been. hopefully it's hotter next time.I'd be back. Continue the great service, Platinum.
5	Love it here!! I've stayed here before and I'll always choose to stay here when I want to be away from the strip. I highly recommend booking your actual reservation with the hotel and not through a third party website because your room preferences will not be guaranteed and your reservation may not even show up. I say this because it has happened to me. Long story short, I got my reservation fixed and Platinum hooked it up! Great staff from the front desk, the hotel manager Sky, the bell boys, and Jeff the valet guy. They greet you every time you enter the hotel and bid you a genuine farewell when you leave. LOVE the full kitchen, the balcony, large bathroom with jacuzzi hot tub, and very spaciousoh and heads up, no self parking. Only valet.
5	As vegas hotels go this place is boring.  I started to panic when i saw a power plant across the street, 7/11 and gas station to my front and a good half mile to the strip. Thankfully i discovered ellis island casino which was a short walk away. That place saved the day.  As far as the hotel, the apartments/rooms are as big as most peoples houses and very sound proof.  (To give you an idea as too how sound proof the rooms are about 10 guys crammed into the room next door to us and partied till they destroyed the room.  The only way we could tell it was going on was by going out on our balcony. Yes they got kicked out and the room was a sight to see.)A TV in the living room and one in the bedroom.  Washer and dryer in the room. A kitchen that you could prepare big meals.  If you dont mind being away from all the action this place is great.  One other thing i should mention is there are a lot of bums that hang out at that 7/11.  I ended up driving my wife the 50 yards there as opposed to walking because of that.
4	I spent my birthday weekend here and stayed in a princess suite with my friend. I love the fact that thre is no casino and it has doormen. That spelled class to me. The staff is nice and the washer and dryer in the room was great too.I ordered room service for breakfast and dinner and both were to my liking.We got the family meals and I almost fell over when I saw the delivery charge. I appreciate the nice view from my balcony and enjoyed the jacuzzi. My water was lukewarm as well but I was told by the maintenance guy that if I turned the water off and then back on, it will be warm, which it was.It was a nice surprise getting champagne and cake from the hotel because I never received that. The pool area was very posh with fire pits and the furniture was relaxing. I really liked happy hour because the price was right and so was the service.The only negative is that I was charged for having packages delivered. Maybe this is what posh hotels do but a flat fee would have been fine but I was taxed.It's walking distance to casinos, public transportation, and convenience stores so you don't need a car but bc of the cost of things, I won't stay there for one of my day trips but I will be back.
5	There are a lot of hotel rooms in Vegas.If you want a deal on a suite close to the Strip, stay at the Platinum, ok?I wasn't initially going to, until a chance Hotels Tonight (check out the app and use promo code LSONG2 for $25 off your first hotel) offer put it in just the right price range. After my incredibly disappointing stay the previous night, it wasn't going to take much to impress me.I was overwhelmed. In a good way.At the front door the staff greeted me, got us into a room 3 hours before check in, and as we waited in the attractive lobby I nibbled on a fresh cookie and drank fruit water. Heaven, after the 15 minute walk from the strip (directly behind Bally's). The Platinum isn't exactly on the strip. It's not a casino. You can't smoke. But it's close enough that anyone can walk there if they're not obese. Or a smoker. Our room was large, lush, and complete with a wonderful bathroom with Jacuzzi for two and full kitchen. Ice, water, and warm blankets and pure sheets. At night, we had a view of the strip from the fourth floor.It was like coming home after Boy and I stayed up late gaming and watching shows. It was a haven. If only the bed was a little bit taller, it would have been perfect.But that's just me.Oh, be sure to check out the pool, and the spa if you fancy a facial or massage.Come to Vegas, see Cirque du Soleil's Ka, and stay at the Platinum, and your trip might be as good as mine. Might.
5	Best hotel experience in Vegas!  We were treated like royalty when we stayed here last weekend for my wife's birthday.  First of all, the Princess Suites are just huge, with every amenity you could possibly need.  The bubble tub was plenty big for two, and when we filled it, the water was hot, hot, hot!  The full kitchen, washer & dryer were nice touches, but we really only used the fridge and the microwave.  We loaded the dishwasher for our maid though.  We ate on our balcony one night, and that was very pleasant.  We had read some reviews that complained about the carpet, but ours were fine.  The beds and furniture very comfy.  The best part though, was the service.  When we came back to the hotel our first night, a bottle of champagne and a big piece of chocolate cake was waiting for us, that had "Happy B'Day" written on the plate! What a nice surprise.  We are definitely staying here again!
4	1000 sq ft, a full kitchen and whirlpool bath, terrace, and only 2 blocks from the strip for only $120? Wow. Also next to 7-11. Spa and cardio-only gym and pool.Now the negatives: pool spa and gym on diff floors, valet-only parking, walk to strip a little ugly at night, a bit boring, and not upscale like Aria or Wynn, more like Harrahs or Treasure Island, no casino (+?). Still the best deal in town.
5	A good hotel.  No smoking or gaming.  Good for a family.  The suites are 2200 sq ft. Perfect...... Order pizza from Mario's less than 200 steps away.  The doormen are pleasant.  Great deal for the price.  Dt
5	Great staff. Great rooms. Would definitely come back.
5	I loved this hotel. We got the princess suite and it was well worth the money we paid. I stayed here to celebrate my baby shower and it was perfect. The service was great and room was clean. I work in a hotel and I've seen it all, platinum is definitely the place to stay!
5	When you have to plan your wedding via the internet, it's terrifying. When you trust online reviews such as these on Yelp, it makes it a little bit easier. That said, I planned my Las Vegas wedding at The Platinum and could. not. have. been. happier!First of all, the staff that I worked with through the planning process was superb. They were friendly, professional, and quick to respond to my many many emails.The hotel itself exceeded our expectations. Great location, chic vibe, staff willing to go above and beyond, and the rooms were fantastic. We had a washer and dryer in our suite, full kitchen, fire place, spa tub and stand up shower, king size bed, and a stunning view of the strip.The restaurant on site, Kil@wat, was our go-to for breakfast as well as lunch by the pool.Ahhhhh, the pool. Lounge chairs were abundant, direct sunlight was plentiful, food and drink was available, and on Friday they even had a live musician who was wonderful! He took requests and played some great dance songs, and didn't cost us a thing.With 50 people in town and at the hotel, we were worried transportation would be difficult. The Platinum, however, provided us with their shuttles and called us cabs when necessary. Transportation was quick and efficient, and when their shuttles were in use, it was free!Our wedding took place on Saturday. We used a lot of locations in the hotel for photographs, every staff member reminded us to let them know if we needed anything, we ordered lots of room service as we got ready which arrived promptly and with a "congratulations" thrown in. Catering and the event manager were a dream to work with and would do anything to make sure our event went smoothly.After our reception ended, 30 of us wanted to keep partying, so the hotel called us a party shuttle (yes, shuttle!) and got us a pro-rated price to take us to the next bar we planned on attending. When we stumbled back at 4 a.m. the staff was still friendly and congratulating us.When we went into our honeymoon suite, we had a note waiting for us as well as chilled champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, rose petals on the bed, chocolates on the pillow, and a late checkout! Perfection.I could not have asked for a better place to host friends and family, whether for our wedding or any other occasion. We will absolutely be back!
5	My recent stay here was more than I could ask for!!After most of my friends bailed on me at the last second on my birthday, Valarie, who was at the front desk was more than helpful and went above and beyond her job. After explaining to her my situation, she was more than happy to adjust my stay. That was just the start. After using their amazing whirlpool/ jacuzzi tub to just relax, I went out to meet up with other friends. When I returned to the room, waiting on the counter was a bottle of champagne sitting on ice with 2 glasses, a hand written note from Valarie and a piece of chocolate cake with fruit (in the fridge). I was so surprised and happy. She wished me a happy birthday and thanked me for staying with them on such a special day. That made my weekend! All of the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful with everything.  The room was spotless and very comfortable, accommodating and had a great view. The pool was at a perfect temperature and not busy at all. I cant wait to come back!!
4	I. LOVE. THIS. HOTEL. Perfect for non smoking, non gambling, business people. You valet your car - walk in - the front desk is right there - and elevator is on your right! No need to go through a endless smoky casino with your luggage after long hours of meetings. Free wifi was really easy to connect. Even though I didn't use washer/dryer and kitchen, it was nice to know it is there!  Room service was quick.  I ordered my lunch around 1 PM - and it was delivered within 30 min.   Very affordable, too!
5	I love this place! Customer service is on point from the hotel clerk to the valet guys! The suite was super clean, everything inside was fantastic and spacious, and included a hot-tub!!! Wooo!! There was also a balcony! :) Will be staying here again!
5	i been here before in the past i like this hotel a lot and its not to far from the strip the rooms are amazing and has a lot of space good for families and big groups has everthing you need waser drying refrigerator stove dish washer  ect... check it out when you come to vegas
5	Love this place! Our flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco was delayed to the following day so we had to stay overnight at a hotel. My sister did a quick search on her phone and found out that Platinum Hotel had a last minute special deal for one night. The hotel was awesome since it was a suite and in really nice condition. The huge bathroom and kitchen area was a nice touch. This bathroom is bigger than what I have in my house! I like how there isn't a casino, so we don't have to worry about second hand smoke.The location for this place is behind Bally's, so only a couple blocks from the main strip. If you need to buy food, there are several convenience stores nearby such as 7-11. I would definitely stay here again.
5	Easily the best hotel for the price (I would have paid more for what you get). I just recently returned from a Friday-Sunday trip and was shocked at my 950 sq ft room. Beautiful rooms, bathroom equipped with a shower and hot tub bathtub (felt amazing), and the staff was a lot of fun! I will definitely be coming back here! Oh and did I mention it's about half a mile from the strip! Way too easy to get around!
5	I had my wedding at the Platinum over the weekend of July 27, 2013.  From the second I called to talk to the Platinum's wedding/sales people, everything was completely amazing.  The customer service was top notch, every question and request I had they got back to me immediately, and even my (minor) bridal meltdowns were so well taken care of!  The day of the wedding, everything went perfectly, and all my guests had an amazing time.  The vendors were top notch (something I was admittedly a bit concerned about as I had no contacts in Vegas, and didn't know how to go about finding vendors) and everyone took very good care of us.  Lubna and Jamie were wonderful though the whole process.  I'd highly recommend someone looking for a wedding venue to consider The Platinum.
5	We had a weekend vacation this weekend and we absolutely loved this hotel. From the customer service, to the rooms, to the kitchen to the wonderful tub to the amazing view. Everything was amazon. We are coming back to the hotel the next time we are in Vegas. My fave part about this hotel is that's smoke free hotel. No casino or smoke or sound of crazy slot machine driving us crazy. This hotel deserves 5 stars. Keep up the good work.
5	I stayed here for my Bachelorette party and we were all beyond pleased! Platinum is behind Bally's, so not too far from the strip. We payed $150/night and the room had a huge bathroom with a tub and a shower and full size kitchen. The bedroom had 2 King sized beds and french doors for privacy. There was also a full size sofa sleeper, so the room easily slept 6 girls. The service was great. They brought us chocolate covered strawberries, champagne and a drink card for the bar downstairs. The restaurant has good food and is intimate and quiet. All of the staff are very friendly and accommodating. Overall, I was very pleased and look forward to staying here again!
3	Very quiet hotel. This is a non casino and non gaming hotel which is why we selected it.  The carpet was stained a good bit and that was kind of gross.  We were "upgraded" to a princess suite at check in.  The room had a washer dryer with one load worth of soap and softner, and a well supplied kitchen with cups, pots, plates, silverware, etc.Room service costs were extremely reasonable for Vegas, and it was very quick.The bathroom showed a little signs of wear and tear in the tub.  I can't believe I'm saying this but the shower water pressure was too hard.  It actually stung when the water hit you.  This is a few blocks from the strip so if you want convenience and close proximity to the strip, you might want to stay elsewhere.  You can walk about 3 blocks to Bally's and pick up the Tram. (I say about 3 blocks because it doesn't seem like Vegas follows normal city block sizes.)
4	Are you on a budget and don't mind being off the Strip? Stay here! You get a huge suite that includes a kitchen, balcony, large bathroom with a spa tub and a living area with a pull out bed. Smoke free! They also have a pretty decent fitness center with the basics. Another great perk is that you can avoid all of the Strip traffic and easily drive to the Venetian all the way down to  MGM using Koval Lane. Your welcome ;)The downside is if you bring a car, it's valet only. It's a Non gaming hotel.  Another side note-You have to use your room key in order to power on the electricity throughout the room. Energy efficient hmm?
1	Please don't stay at this hotel. It's horrible and very unclean place. Our housekeeping didn't clean the room only made the beds and did some cleaning on the bathroom. Didn't change the sheets of the bed and the pillows smell so bad. We used the washer and dryer and our cloth sting as iron.!! All the carpet was so dirty from the room and hall! Please stay away from this place!
5	It is always a pleasure staying at the Platinum. We get to Vegas often and most times we are booked at this Hotel. The friendly staff and excellent customer service should be looked at by the rest of the large Hotel groups as a way to improve repeat customers. As with many hotels, there is always a few minor things that are wrong with the room or service but the staff at the Platinum are always quick to fix things and make your stay the best. We always enjoy the nice relaxed indoor/outdoor pool every time we are there and every night there is food and drink specials for happy hour.  Parking can be a bit tricky on some nights due to the small valet parking area and there is no self-parking available. We also find that the pool is closed in the afternoons often due to weddings that are taking place that night but the staff is always good about informing you with a note days before the closing. The poolside food and drinks are excellent and very reasonable compared to other resorts. The staff is very quick to get your food out to you as fast as possible and they are always around to take care of your drinks. The rooms at this hotel are big and the beds are comfortable. There is a full sized kitchen with stainless steel appliances and the cabinets are stocked with silverware and minimal place settings. If there is something you need to cook with that is not in your room, the staff is happy to try and get it for you.  The bathrooms are huge and have a separate jetted tub and shower. The rooms also have a built in washer and drier with a ton of closet space. Our stay on Friday through Sunday was on the 17th floor in the princess suite and the view was great. We enjoyed coffee on our private balcony overlooking the east side of Las Vegas. We will be returning on Wednesday night for four more nights and staying in the same room. We look forward to our return trip and relaxing Platinum style:)Jason B.
5	OMG my room was bigger than my car rental...Thanks to the great staff, starting with Derek Morrison (Director of Rooms)Nicole (Front Desk) and Angela (Guest Services). My son had his 30th birthday in Vegas and Angela arrange for a slice of chocolate cake to be sent to his room. Decorated with raspberry sauce for FREE...the room is like your own apartment in Vegas...Worth it...Go and enjoy..
2	Big rooms. Needs updating. Carpets were stained and torn in places.  Smelled a little musty. Pool overlooks an ally and dirty street. Room service slow. And they don't respond for hours if u need anything.  Service could have been better for the amount of money you pay. Overall an ok place to stay. But it's Vegas!!  There are hundreds of hotels to choose from. Why settle for less!
4	We had a great stay at the Platinum.  I had no qualms at staying at a non-gaming (read: not a casino) hotel off the Strip.  It's a quick walk to all the action (about 5 to 10 minutes to the Flamingo depending on how quick you pound the pavement).  The suites are large, well equipped (full kitchen with a dishwasher in ours--I loved storing all  of our leftovers in our full fridge) with a full walk out balcony furnished with a patio table and four chairs.  The attached bedroom was large and outfitted with a King size bed.  As much as we liked the room, we obviously didn't spend tons of time in it since we hung out on the Strip during much of the day and night.Kinda strange: there was a box TV in the bedroom and there was a flatscreen TV in the living room.  Not a big deal, but perhaps a little outdated.I never made it to the pool or spa (although the pool area looked lovely and quiet, and I had read great things about the spa and had intended to use it before I left the hotel).The restaurant at the hotel served fairly yummy food at great prices (service was a little slow at times), but what was EVEN BETER was the KILLER Happy Hour at the lounge.  Every day from 4 to 8 with half off all their appetizer menu, signature cocktails, wines by the glass, bottles that are sold by the glass, and then a selection of bottles that are served half off all day, all night. We frequented the happy hour several times during our trip, and we were stoked every visit.  We plan on making this our home next time we stop in Vegas.  It's the perfect getaway off the Strip.
5	Amazing hotel. It's more like a luxurious apartment than a hotel room. Almost a thousand square feet, it's very spacious. Full kitchen, living room and bed room with a balcony. We were on the 15th floor and the view was amazing. The hotel is very quiet. All of the workers are professional. I liked that they have both an indoor and outdoor pool. There is only valet but it's not $15 like other hotels. It's what you wanna tip the driver. It's only a half mile away from the strip so it's definitely worth checking out. Go to Trivago.com for the best rates.
4	Excellent service, large suites and good location (if you're okay with being off the strip)!My boyfriend and I stayed here this past August for one night. We had just booked the Solitaire Suite, as we planned to spend as much time away from the hotel, exploring Las Vegas - and booked using a deal through TravelZoo. To our surprise, when we arrived we were given a free upgrade because all of the Solitaire suites were occupied - giving us the Strip View Princess Suite. The suite itself was definitely up to standards with many amenities, including what looked to be a fully functional kitchen (if we would have stayed in Vegas longer than a day, we would have definitely used this), a washer and dryer, a huge beautiful washroom with both a shower and whirlpool tub, and a comfortable bed to sleep in.While we didn't have the chance to use any of the perks associated with our suite or the hotel (the pool area did look nice), it provided a perfect spot to have a comfortable sleep and a short (and safe) walk to the strip at a fairly reasonable price.
5	Still in the process suite, freaking amazing. Very roomy, nice big bathroom, and the tub is amazing! Really made my fiance's birthday great. Great location, only a couple blocks from the strip and the staff is really friendly and helpful.Will be coming back to this hotel.
5	Amazing hotel, rooms are nice, big, and most importantly very clean. Staff are very nice. I highly recommend this hotel
4	Beautiful hotel, rooms are nice, big, full kitchen, smoke free, outdoor and indoor pool, and most importantly great customer services,  staffs are super nice and friendly.  This hotel will be our home anytime we visit LV. Valarie really make our stay super special and surprise, we walk in to the room  with a lovely card, champagne in ice and strawberry deep in chocolate plate, waiting for us in our room on our special day.  Thanks again Valarie!We take away one star due to the floor show ages, stain and  dirty ( room 1401) The day we check in the floor show soil stain, dirty and sticky ( we brought flip flop with us) ....... we let the front desk know they quickly have the floor shampoo and mop.  Oh well it old and stain what can I say..... Time for new floor?
2	I've read how this place is soooo great.  It was just ok.  For the price it isnt bad at all.  no casino, thats not a problem, no smoking.  at all.  They will charge you $500 if they find out you smoked on your patio.  REALLY?  cmon i get it about being a smoke free hotel, but to place the ashtrays and benched in the parking structure, where it's always cold and in the shade?  The resurant was ok.  Decent breakfast.  We hit the spa as well.  and while it was relaxing, it was a bit expensive compared to everything else the hotel offered.  Plus the staff at the spa was rather rude, when we asked questions, but was real quick to say that they have a 50% cancellation fee.  SMH.  definately didn't live up to the hype.  I wont be staying here again.
5	Loved the room. It was actually nice to be a block off of the strip. I am pretty sure staying here saves me hundreds of dollars each night since there is no casino. The bathtub is amazing and the breakfast at the restaurant is great!
2	Will not be coming back I don't think.....I was looking forward to staying at The Platinum Hotel but was very disappointed with the service and room. The room was very large and the kitchen was a good size. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was pretty nice. I don't gamble so that was a good thing for us......however I do expect a Hotel that claims to be full service to be at least decent service. There are so many places to stay for less that would have been fine that I have stayed at before. For 2 nights is was over $500.00. We did order 1 movie which was $15.00!!! Yikes......it may have been worth it but the flat screen was not even close to HD, not sure what the problem was but it was like it was snowing. I know you don't go to Las Vegas to watch TV, however I was with some family members that have limited mobility and after a day of being out and about they had had enough and just wanted to relax. Also, no WINE opener in the entire hotel !!! I called service 3 times and was finally told they didn't have any more. I ended up going to the store to buy one. Unless something really drastic happens to change my mind I am pretty sure I will not be coming back. The Well Spa was very nice and reasonable. I would recommend it to anyone. Too bad, I wanted my first impression to be a good one and it was not even close.... :(
3	This is not a luxury hotel in Las Vegas. It's a nice apartment and they take dogs which is why we stayed. We just travelled across the USA to move to Cali and didn't want to fly the pups. If you are used to luxury or looking for it, this will not do. The apartment is huge and has decent things like a giant kitchen, and awesome huge SPA tub, granite, etc but the hotel itself is not really nice in my view and experience for Vegas. It's very lack luster compared to staying at Wynn or a Belagio for example and there is no up scale feeling. If you need an apartment in Vegas to cook and wash clothes and bring dogs then this place is nicer than a residence Inn but its not where I would stay otherwise. Also on the dog front, they did not have bowls, beds or a dog walk like some of the other places so I was disappointed. But the giant 1200 square foot room was appreciated by the dogs after being in the car forever. Personally, I would not stay here in Vegas unless I happen to have my dogs.
4	I stayed in a queen queen strip view princess suite on the 12th floor for 4 nights in November. The weather was perfect and the sunrise and sunset over the strip was gorgeous. I would never have booked this hotel if it weren't for a wedding that I attended at the hotel. With that said, I am glad that I stayed at this hotel and was pleased to learn of its existence. I do not smoke and I am not a big gambler. This hotel is non smoking and non gaming. Perfect. I also traveled with two children under the age of 5, so this was ideal. What made this place even more ideal was the full kitchen, washer and dryer, giant two person jetted tub, balcony and indoor/outdoor pool. Parking is valet only. The entrance to the hotel is soooo tiny and palm trees block the name of the hotel. Be on the lookout or you may miss it. Soooo...about the room. I have to say that the items in my room and overall cleanliness was inconsistent with another room I had the chance to visit. For example, I moved and upholstered chair to find a glass on the floor. There was a bottle cap under the executive desk. The amount of silverware did not match with the amount of plates we had. A nice touch was the laundry soap, dish soap and sponge. I brought my own laundry soap and dish soap and when I got to the hotel the first thing I did was strip the washer using Charlie's Soap. When I did a few loads of laundry some random items would come out with faint bleach stains - ruining them. I didn't complain, but I probably should have.  Coffee was never replenished. Toilet paper was never replenished without calling (three times!).  (I should say, however, that housekeeping called my room one evening since I did not receive service earlier in the day  to see if I needed anything.)  There wasn't a bag in my room for laundry/dry cleaning services. The other room we visited had info about the hotel, including grocery shopping services and family meal services. These were important notices that were overlooked in my room. There was a breakfast door hanger...mark off what you want and have it delivered when you want (it said tax and gratuity INCLUDED...apparently they did not mean on the prices shown, they meant that it WOULD be included...so I was charged more than I thought).  Speaking of room service...I had breakfast twice and lunch once. The food was very good and came within 30 min of ordering. However, I found things to be inconsistent. For example, one day I received three types of jelly for my toast, another day only two types were received. One day I received one tea bag and one jar of honey, another day I received two bags and one slice of lemon. Note: it said I would receive an assortment of tea. The $4 berries were pretty sad. Two of the four raspberries had a bit of mold. The bacon was VERY good. One day the omelet was fully cooked, another day it was a bit runny. No salt and pepper was ever provided, nor was any in the room. The breakfast potatoes were pretty good, however, one day I received nearly double the amount of another day. You get the point... For the price I paid for room service, I expect consistency. The pool deck could use a good pressure washing and the fabric on the cushions to the deck furniture needs replacing (it makes the pool look so trashy). In fact, I have seen the Facebook updates for the Platinum Hotel and they often provide pictures that are completely inaccurate to what the hotel really looks like today. It's like ordering something from a menu based on its description and photo and once the food arrives it is unappealing and definitely not what you had seen in the photo...but it's still edible. The pool is still do-able...it's just not as organized as the photo on the website claims....i.e. no towels rolled up an individually placed on each chair, there were old cushions with not covering just piled up in the indoor pool area, etc. The spa staff was nice...I needed Chapstick badly and they had some (I was willing to pay $$$$ to get some relief) for only $2. The valet staff was so nice! Always willing to give directions and they even provided a cab like service in one of their suburbans for my cash paying husband when he needed to get to a hotel a few blocks over. Unfortunately my kid got sick and I didn't attend the wedding...but the 17th floor location at sunset seemed perfect for a small wedding (I attended the rehearsal). Instead my room overlooked the pool area and there was another wedding going on at the same time. It seemed like the folks there had a good time and the loud music blaring from the pool deck and roof top didn't seem to phase my room. The coordinator for the wedding I was supposed to attend was kind enough to have my meal boxed up...and I have to say that it was no where near as tasty as the room service (I can only assume the food comes from the same kitchen). Anyhow, I enjoyed my time at this hotel...there were just some things that bugged me. In short, I would stay here again.
5	"BEST ANNIVERSARY  VACATION EVER!!!!"This hotel packs luxury and personal touch better then some of the larger hotels in on the strip that claim to do so.  The contemporary  decor to the trendy cocktail lounge"Stir" made our stay in Vegas the best as of yet.  Rooms are incredible! from full kitchen to spacious tub, if your looking on spending some quality time with you special person. The staff was second to none!!! Attentive housekeeping, front desk and Valet. They provide a comfort and friendly environment that made things more relaxing.  We tried the spa (Well Spa).  My wife and I both agreed that if we live in Vegas we would frequent  the spa more even if we were not staying here.  If you are looking stay in a hotel and treated like a VIP and not pay VIP price, this is the place to stay...  I already marked my calendar for my next trip to Platinum Hotel.
4	The Platinum is a very nice hotel.  You don't pay top prices, and you get almost-luxury.Every room - even the smallest - are very large suites, all with balconies and full kitchens.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable.  I didn't use much of the kitchen or living room so I can't comment there, but the bed was super comfy.  The gigantic jacuzzi tub was awesome, as were the two sinks, and the two tvs (though I only used the one in the bedroom).  There were a few less-than-luxury elements I noticed, such as there being no bedsheet and the comforter being put on backwards, one of the water handles on the tub leaking, a complicated and ultimately non-working alarm clock, and a lack of hot-enough water in the shower two of my three mornings (though certainly nowhere near cold).  But, it was a really nice stay for the price.  The wifi worked great.The staff is very nice and let you alone, and the valet attendants are extremely friendly, quick, and helpful.  The pool area seemed nice, though it was late December  so aside from checking it out I didn't visit it (though I probably would have for the jacuzzi had I not had the jetted tub of my own).The hotel was quiet and the room service menu looked great, though I didn't try it.  The fitness center is what you'd expect - a hardwood floor room with three large TVs, 4 treadmills, 3 ellipticals, 2 bikes, and weights and benches.  My only complaint is that there was heat blasting straight on you every 10 minutes.  Not awesome, but whatever.  The Platinum is a great choice if you want a nice place that ISN'T on the strip, but is easily within walking distance.
5	We are a family who usually don't have good luck with hotels.  We finally picked a good one. I highly recommend this hotel. It isn't located on the strip and it is clean!  The room looks like a mini apartment. It has a huge bathroom with a shower and a whirlpool tub. It has a kitchen with a stove, microwave, full size refrigerator, sink, a lot of cabinets and counter.  It has a living room, separate from the bed room with a sofa that pulls out into a bed, a desk, fireplace, balcony, and a flat screen tv. It even has a washer and dryer inside. The bedroom was nice also. The room has plenty of closet space. This hotel is great for families. It has valet parking only so bring plenty of tip money. It has a restaurant and indoor pool. Great place!!!!
3	Just returned from staying here.  Upon arrival we were thrilled, upon departure we will not return.  Bed was super uncomfortable though.  We had maintenance up twice to fix the spa tub what was excreting black stuff into the water.  The Manager was nice enough to offer us appetizers for our inconvenience however the clincher was when the maintenance guy for the second go round tried to blame me for somehow causing the black gross excretion as if i was playing with the on off switch and then suggested we could go in it anyway and just ignore black stuff floating in the water.  Really?  My fault?  Rest of staff was great though.Spa was wonderful! Called Well Spa!  Sara gave me an excellent massage!  Highly recommend the SPA.Bar was nice and drinks were yummy!  Recommend the Bruschetta Not so much the skewers.
4	Very large room. Quiet & nice hotel. Loved staying here. Nicest room I have had in Vegas! Only reason not to give it 5 star is because it is a little off the strip.
4	Definitely a great bang for buck hotel. Stayed here for two nights on a weekend and got it for the normal price of the base room for most hotels on the strip. Had a 1000 sq ft room with a full kitchen, living room w/sofa bed, two TVs, balcony, two queen beds, huge bathroom with a jetted tub, separate shower and two sinks.Had a great time at the hotel. Definitely good to stay if you want to stray away from the craziness of Vegas. Staying here saved me money as well as I resorted to buying groceries and cooking in our room rather than going out on the strip to eat out. No temptations to just go downstairs and gamble too! Walking isn't so bad either. It's just about a 5 minute walk to the strip. Downsides:The surrounding area is a little bit ghetto. The gas station and 7-Eleven in front of the hotel have some sketchy characters so I'd avoid walking alone at night. The hotel is only valet which sucks cause you gotta tip those suckers every time you forget something in the car. Bedding quality is so-so. Not the comfiest or highest quality sheets but it'll suffice. The sofa bed was super lumpy though. I'd suggest you just sleep on the actual sofa instead.If you don't mind being off the strip I would definitely stay here. Good for one who likes quality hotel rooms without breaking the bank.
5	what a great deal for traveling with a group! The suite had 2 queen beds as well as a fold-out couch, so the 5 of us traveling together could stay very comfortably.They also had a kitchen with the right supplies and we made our own breakfast. The beds were very comfortable, the shower was nice, and the free valet was a great perk. However, the most memorable part of the trip was when my brother walked into the bathroom and loudly proclaimed "I COULD JUST SLEEP HERE!"... he wasn't kidding - the bathroom was about as big as your typical bedroom.
5	Really enjoyed our stay here.  The room was quite and very comfortable. The restaurant had great food.  Our waiter Ish was very knowledgable and provided excellent service.The Well Spa was very relaxing.  I had a pedicure and gel manicure from Dan.  He did a wonderful job, was very professional as well as personable.  If I lived here, I would utilize Dan's services on a regular basis.
1	Wow,  spent $65 for breakfast. Service was poor, food was worst. It was disappointing. Bacon taste like .......nothing. pancakes was worst.
4	This was a great little hidden gem right off the strip. No casino, which is great for what I wanted. Our room wasn't ready when we went to check in, so they sent us to the bar and were told to order what we want. The round was on the house! Loved that! I was able to rent a movie in the room that was still in theaters, pretty cool. It's not a very big property so you can hear the street sounds (sirens and traffic) very clearly. That was a bummer. The room was large - full kitchen - large bathroom. The pictures on their site showed a fireplace, we were on the 14th floor and did not get one. Maybe that is for the upper few floors? There was a soccer thing in town. But even though there were a lot of teenagers in the hotel it was quite and clean. Overall we had a wonderful stay here and will come back again. And now we've decided we need a two person spa tub in our house!
1	Breakfast here LOOKED promising, but looks were clearly deceiving! Eggs Benedict were served hard boiled, no one else was happy with their meals that ranged from a side of bacon to French toast to pancakes. It was all a waste of money. The server was fine and did what he could, but that alone cannot make up for a bad breakfast experience.
5	Tired of the casino scene I wanted to take my girlfriend to a classy hotel and spa in Vegas.  I couldn't find any package deals online so I decided to write the manager of booking directly.   I saw that he was very active in responding to good and or bad reviews online.  He wrote back within the day and had made special accommodations for us to stay in a very nice clean room and have a couples massage.  The staff was amazing and we were treated great by all aspects of the business.  I recommend contacting Derek at DerekMorrison@lvplatinum.com and seeing what can be done for you.  Also, the "Platinum paint party" is an awesome and fun thing to do with your significant other.
4	I recently stayed at Platinum for the 2nd time.  Last year, I stayed during a Yelp party that was happening during spring break.  Prices were reasonable.  I had problems checking in last year, I can't remember what the ordeal was, but I had to sit out by the pool till my friend arrived later in the evening.  This time, everything worked out just right. I loved the fact that this hotel is non-gaming and that the lobby is free of smoke.  I believe the rooms are smoke-free as well.  I like that the hotel is a mile off the strip, so it is within walkable distance of most of the casinos on the strip.  My friend and I took advantage of the pool and hot tub on the 5th floor. When we were here last year, we had sunnier weather, and we took advantage of the little cabana type areas with a covering to shield out the sun. I was planning on going to the gym, but decided not to, since the equipment I would use is the treadmill, and I figured that I would do plenty of walking while in Vegas.  My friend took advantage of the gym by using their weights.  The suites are really spacious.  Living area, breakfast bar, full size refrigerator, stove and oven, microwave and coffee pot.  We even had a washer and dryer!  The bedroom was equipped with 2 queen size beds, and they were really comfortable. Heavy curtains block out the sunlight, and the first night I slept for 12 hours straight. I rarely do that!  The bathroom had a large 2 person jetted tub.  The spa on the 4th floor were selling bath bombs 1 for $9, or 6 for $18.  I went with the latter option, and had a nice luxurious bath!  I brought the rest of the bath bombs home for later use.  The few times I had stayed in Las Vegas before even hearing of the Platinum, I stayed at some of the popular casino hotels and it irked me that there were no microwaves or coffee pots in the room!  I will definitely be staying at the Platinum in the future!
5	love love love this hotel. it's a block off the strip behind ballys. there is no smoking and this is one of the most relaxing hotels in town. there's no casino and it's quiet.when I'm in Vegas I like to visit the casinos but the check-in lines are out of control and then you have to walk 45 miles to get to your room. the platinum isn't a boutique hotel but it's not so large that you get lost - it's a nice medium sized hotel that seems to treasure wellness, relaxation, and the customer service. we got a princess suite (which has a full kitchen) and they stocked the fridge for us prior to our arrival (for the regular grocery rate). highly recommend this hotel to absolutely everyone!!!!
5	Awesome...place to stay if you have kids. Non smoking policy is the best. Valley parking only. Not too crowded. Clean rooms. Bathroom perfect siZe for family of 3. Great staff. Fast check in. Close to the strip that you can leave your car and just grab a taxi and avoid the Las Vegas blvd traffic... I'm looking forward to stay here again with my family.
5	I have to say that this hotel is awesome. Prior to inquiring with the hotel, I had read many reviews from other fellow yelp users and it helped a lot. The location was ideal; it's about a mile of the main strip, it's a non-smoking hotel therefore you don't smell the presence of cigarette smoke amongst the location. The hotel does not have a self parking area however they provide complementary valet parking therefore it's a deterrent to having your vehicle be in a secure environment and it prevents from non-hotel guests from visiting the parking structure. Their staff are: professional, courteous, helpful and ensure that you are well taken care of in means of your stay and needs. They have a gym that offers the main essentials for a good workout (dumbbells to treadmills). They do have a restaurant, bar/lounge and an epic pool site on the property. The room that I stayed in (princess suite) was comforting and accommodating of all it's amenities (full kitchen, jacuzzi, living room and etc). Nevertheless I will be returning to this hotel for my future visits to Las Vegas. Also the hotel offers a quiet environment because when you return from your endeavors of the Vegas strip, its a great feeling to return to a quiet, relaxed environment where you don't have to hear any unnecessary noise of the other hotel/casino environments. Finally its recommended that you contact Mr. Derek Morrison and reference YELP.com for great deals and for inquiring about a future stay.
5	Loved our stay at The Platinum Hotel.I truly appreciate this hotel is smoke and casino free.  After long nights at the blackjack table your lungs yearn for fresh air and there is nothing better than hitting the hay in a smoke free environment.Staff here is superb - top notch and will go out of their way to take care of you.  A little  off the beaten path, it is a walk to the strip.  During the day its no problem - at night you should probably take a cab.The room was fantastic (not much smaller than my house - haha)  Having a fridge at your disposal is key.  We always stock up on water immediately and its nice to have chilled water without having to use your trash can as an ice bucket (yes we have done this many times at other strip places).  The rooms are spacious and the bathroom is luxurious - double sinks, jacuzzi tub and a beautiful tiled shower.  For 2 people i truly felt like i was home.  Definitely a great place for families and extended visits!We will be back for sure and would recommend without hesitation.
4	Came here recently for a Vegas trip for the week and I have been very pleased with not only the customer service but also by the amenities and comfortable beds! Although this is a little bit off the Strip (but it's not that far. It's a close drive to Planet Hollywood), Platinum Hotel is a casino-free and non-smoking place!PROS:1. Their most basic suite is 950 sq feet! Typical hotel rooms on the Strip can range between 400-600. You would probably need to pay for a super nice suite to reach 900 sq feet or more on the Strip. 2. Includes a built-in kitchen with fridge, microwave, oven, utensils and cooking pans, etc along with a living room.3. They have a jacuzzi in the bathroom! Score!4. Very quiet. You can get quality sleep here.5. No resort fees! There is free wifi available along with a gym and swimming pool.6. Complimentary valet parking, but we gave our valet tips.7. Super comfortable beds. I slept like a Queen. =)CONS:1. None. I love this place!Would I come here again? Of course! I would have to say that the prices are reasonable and you're paying for the HUGE space, which adds for guaranteed comfort and relaxation. Not only that, but I'm super happy with the NO RESORT FEE. This is a great place to stay for those who want to get bang for their buck!
5	Probably the best overall value for anyone looking to stay close to the strip and stay in a suite.  The rooms are incredible.  Feels like being at home and then some.  The staff is very nice and attentive.  If your budget is within $230/night or more, you really need to look at this place because it is very much worth it.  This will always be top of the list when looking for places to stay in Vegas now.
1	They cancelled our reservation randomly a month before our stay and screwed us during a very busy weekend in Las Vegas.  Now we are stuck looking for other options which are currently at a premium.  Bad, bad business.
4	A group of us picked up a deal on travel zoo and booked 4 rooms here for a long weekend in June.About 1/2 mile from Caesars, and 2 mins from $3 craps at Ellis island this was a perfect base of operations for our excursions. The rooms are all suites. Some with washer/driers some without. Each of the rooms had a convertible sofa in the living room, fridge, freezer, kitchen, TVs and the usual hotel room amenities. The hotel pool area is perfectly located to avoid most of the searing sun in the hot months. Pool side bar and a polite waitress checking on our needs. For those that like to combat the guilt and decadence with some workout time, there's a small cardio gym with treadmills, elypticals, seated bicycles and some free weights. Late check out available til 2pmMake use of the flavored water in the lobby before heading out to the strip!
5	At The Platinum Hotel, all of the rooms are spacious, clean, aesthetically pleasing suites that include full kitchens, a living room area, large bathrooms with jacuzzi tubs, and spacious balconies.  There is no casino, absolutely no smoking anywhere on the property, and no self-parking (valet only).I didn't have an opportunity to make it to the pool, but the gym was sufficient, and I believe it's open 24 hours..I was warmly greeted with a big, genuine smile and greeting from every friendly staff member that I encountered in the halls and outside at the valet pickup during my stay.  I never felt unsafe with the location, and never heard noise from outside, the halls, or neighboring rooms at night.The strip is a very short walk away (about 1/2 a mile).  Definitely don't the location deter you from booking!To sweeten the insanely low rate that I spent for a weekend here, a very generous late checkout was granted upon request.  I'll definitely be back!
1	It is truly distressing to receive an email regarding a reservation made 7 months ago, will no longer be accommodated by The Platinum Hotel. I made, not 1, but 2 room reservations on 11/18/2013 for the weekend of June 20, 2014 through June 23, 2014. Just today, a representative of the company contacted me through email stating, "We are sorry to inform you that due to a large group that has extended their stay with us we will not be able to accommodate you during your stay with us at the Platinum Hotel." The hotel had already charged my credit card for the 1st night's stay and tax for both rooms and sent me a "RESERVATIONS CONFIRMED" email confirming both my reservations. What is even more intriguing is several friends of mine who have also booked separate rooms at this hotel did not receive a cancellation email.
4	I enjoyed my stay here! Booked a Princess Deluxe Queen three bedroom suite with a view of the strip. The room was very nice. One thing that really stood out was that they have the company car that can drop you off wherever you need to go. Only downside is it is not always available and cabs can take quite awhile. Only a few complaints...The people before us must have put ice cream in the ice machine. I was just looking for some ice and somehow chocolate ice cream chunks and chocolate chips came out of the ice machine, I mean that's kinda cool, but not what I was looking for. And the front desk team is very friendly, however the valet people are rude. Takes forever to get your car, and one time I needed to just get my heels out of my trunk, I literally just asked the guys to hand me my keys and he was like, "You aren't going to take care of me?" For what? Taking two steps and handing me my keys? I gave him $3 and he looked mad. Sorry? And we called down to have a taxi ready for us when we went out and we waited over 20 minutes and still no taxi. We just went back to out hotel room and told them to call us when the cab was ready.
4	My husband and I were married at the Misora Room at the Platinum on the 22nd.  The hotel room was very nice.  It is a suite with a huge tub.  By huge I mean 6 people could easily sit in it.  Unfortunately I didn't get to use it this stay because I ran out of time.  The next time we stay at the Platinum I'm for sure taking a bath in that bad boy.Anyway, the wedding planning is the reason that this review is a 4 star and not a 5 star.  It was very confusing in parts.  I met with and emailed my planner many times throughout the planning process.  I felt sometimes that my planner was a little inpatient with me.  We scheduled and confirmed the rehearsal multiple times, and when we arrived for the rehearsal, the front desk knew nothing about it, and we couldn't really rehearse in the place we were getting married because they were setting up for another wedding.  Most of my bridal party was very confused both at the rehearsal and the actual wedding about where they were supposed to line up, and they got a little bit of attitude when they asked questions.  Other than this issue, we weren't notified of last call before they started charging for the last hour of drinks which upset my parents and some of my guests.  I think it would be good to make an announcement when the bar is about to switch to cash bar only.Other than that, my wedding was great.   It was an amazing deal that they custom made for me and my 45 guests.  It included food, dj, photography, and the minister, plus an open bar for 2 hours.  The package included the ceremony and a 3 hour reception.  I feel it was a great deal for the money.  The food was very good.  The room was decorated nicely.  The dj was excellent, the photographer was excellent and I loved the minister.  My only suggestion if you go with a wedding package here is to have a longer reception.  I thought 3 hours would be the perfect amount of time but I did not factor the photography in.  If you love to dance, give yourself at least a 4 hour ceremony so you don't miss out on dancing.After the ceremony, the Platinum staff packed everything up for me and delivered it to my room.  When I got back to my room, they had placed flower petals on our bed, made swans from towels, left champagne and chocolate covered strawberries for us.  Overall it was a good experience and I would recommend it.
5	Amazing genuine guest service!!! This place is truly a hidden gem only a short walk from the strip. My wife and I just wanted to get away for a couple day...and I'm glad we chose the Platinum! It is right behind Bally's and Paris and due to its beautiful accommodations, proximity,  and outstanding employees- this is our new home when in Las Vegas!Here are just a few of the accolades: super friendly employees (with a warm greeting from EVERYONE we passed) from the Housekeepers and Engineering employees to the General Manager whom we ran into as he was walking around! Great location, really nice rooms, outstanding food (with large portions) quick valet service, quiet, very comfortable. Just love this place and the positive vibe! Thank you Platinum for taking care of us!
4	I loved my stay! Awesome suite, full kitchen and super friendly staff. Hotels are just a hit or miss for me, and I'm so happy that this was a hit. The tub in the bathroom is amazing. If I ever come back to Vegas, heaven forbid, I would stay here again.
5	Stayed here last weekend thanks to a great Travel Zoo deal. We had an excellent experience for the bachelor party celebration. The Princess suite was very large, the customer service all around was outstanding, the room service prices were cheap and delicious, the pool staff was awesome (they even poured our glass beer bottles into plastic cups for us), the main strip was super close and the other guests were friendlyas well. I'd highly recommend checking it out next time you are Vegas! Great Value!
4	Love It.... Just Need To Get Theirs Booking Partners On Same Page With Check In Check Outs Also They Can A Few Smoking Rooms Only Thing I Was Unhappy About But I Was In Heaven....
1	Coffee maker, fridge, tub, shower, and ice maker were all dirty. There was actually food still in the fridge from previous guest(s). Service is good, but it's a boutique hotel with no gaming and one bar.  Kil@wat Restaurant was terrible food and worse service. We got tired of chocolate-covered strawberries and champagne so stopped complaining. Rooms were nice; just wish we could've gotten in. Keys were deactivated 3 times during our stay, once during bridal party preparations.
5	Love, Love, Love this hotel. Where to begin...The staff: AMAZING. We were forced to stay here as it was one of the few places that accepted dogs and our AC had just gone out. The staff was attentive to us and our situation upgraded us to a suite over looking Las Vegas strip just cause.The room: Beautiful, clean, HUGE, bigger than my last apartment. The hot tub in the bathroom OHHHHH YYEEEEAAAA you know I put that bad boy to use.The bar: Super chill, relaxing great way to get away from the hustle and bustle of tourists and just reeelllaaaxxx... I recoment the salted caramel apple drink DELISH.I look forward to staying here again even if I do live in Vegas that place made me feel like I was on a mini vacay away. No loud slot noises, no nasty smoke lingering its what a hotel should be... ...PEACEFUL...
3	I have never wrote a negative review but in this case I believe it is worth it.The room is spacious (Princess Suite) and the staff was very nice. However, two pain points lead me to this review:- bathroom was not thoroughly cleaned during my stay,- my plan changed and I had to leave earlier for business reasons but the hotel management was adamant to charge us with the remaining nights.If you need to stay flexible, do not use this hotel.
4	re: Labor Day Weekend WITH PetsThis hotel is a MUST STAY if you have pets.  I purposedly looked at the negative reviews only to see if they were "out of character".  My experience was a lot more pleasant and given that I was put in a 'Pet Designated Room' my standards were slightly less.  Our room had some issues with some wood rot (or maybe it just looked that way, because the dogs kept chewing the wood), cracked hot tub (pretty sure someone was drunk, the pets cannot be blamed), furniture scratched (could have gone either way with pets or drunkiness), and rips in the small rug.  Anyone in a drunken state of mind could have easily damaged the room and it didn't have to be pet related.  First, the rooms are HUGE.  We were in a 1200 square foot room and was just amazed.  We had a window view looking east towards the strip.  We had a view of a straight shot looking down Flamingo to see the Rio.  We stayed 4 nights and had a blast.  NOTE:  Platinum is only 1 of 2 hotels that allow Pets to roam freely unattended.  The other one is Trump; however, you get more bang for the buck, because Platinum is 50% more square feet for the same cost.  The room had a ton of space, we could have easily utilized a third person/family member to stay with us.  It was definitely too much space for my wife and I.  The bathrooms was huge.  Other than doing showers, we didn't have time to enjoy the tub.  Second, we had room service a couple times.  Food was awesome.  Definitely recommend if ordering that you put in consideration the portions.  Everything we ordered from both breakfast and lunch was more than we could finish.  We also benefited from having a kitchen, so we were able to reheat the food for later.  Third, Pet Designated area.  The area is small and it's not that great, but it was nice to have and better than nothing.  It's very dirty and I do not know how often they clean it, so make sure you bring some wipes to wipe the dogs feet when re-entering back into the room.  Lastly, Valet was fine.  They brought down the wrong car twice (Warning:  Scary!)  Front Desk was on top of things as was housekeeping.  Overall, we had a great experience.  We will stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	A Vegas Oasis! It was myself & my wife's first trip to Vegas, and I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy a non-gaming hotel. But each day you spend your whole day at casinos, restaurants, & shows. It was great to retreat to a large, peaceful room!PROS: Huge rooms. XL jetted tub. Full kitchen (we saved $ by cooking our own Bfast). Nice staff. Location (only 2 stop lights from center Strip). No hidden fees. Nice pool area that was never overly crowded. Quiet and peaceful - we were staying near a ballroom with a loud DJ'ed wedding reception, and our room was still nearly 100% soundproof!CONS: No self parking, 100% valet, but free (still had to pay $15-20 in tips to valet). Rooms facing north overlook a large and ugly power grid.
4	Located on Flamingo just east of the Las Vegas Strip, this is an all suite hotel. The Platinum is very quiet, so if you are really looking to get away from it all, look no further you have found your place(the Strip is a short two blocks away should you feel the need for civilization. The rooms are great and quite large. The front desk star very helpful. The only bad thing is they have valet parking only. I could go on a rant about how much I hate valet parking (you would too if you once had to wait 45 min for your car).  Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Best boutique hotel in Las Vegas! Friendly staff beautiful  rooms and so close to the strip!
4	Last year I stayed a week at Ballys and a week at Harrahs. NEVER AGAIN! After leaving both times sick from the bad air conditioning, I knew I could never stay at a casino hotel again. This place is everything I was looking for. Full kitchen! Separate full living room! Jetted tub!! Super comfy bed!! I love this place. Still close enough to everything but quite and perfect for staying while working. TIP- room service food was sub par. Blah!! But next door at the Tuscany cafe you'll find some really good chow, surprise!
3	Great rooms, great location , A little too pricey$$$my only bad experience is the valets!!!!  The valets are a bunch of unprofessional slow witted jackasses,for this Hotel to be considered a four star or five star hotel they have to get better valet workers!!!! PS I love that the allow me to bring my little dog with me!!!       Quick story while getting our bags to our room we tip one the valet $20.00 and asked him to have extra pillows and towels deliver to our room!!!! NEVER MADE IT TO OUR ROOM!!!
4	I loved staying here.  The location was awesome being that we were only a 10 minute walk away from the Strip.  Because it was a non-gaming hotel, it's great for families and I never worried that my kids would have to walk by a casino in order to back up to the room.  The rooms were huge and very clean and the kitchenette was very useful.  The pool had  a great view of the Strip and was never overly crowded.  I'd definitely stay here again!!
4	If you don't mind being a block south of the strip, you can get great prices here for the double the square feet your get anywhere on the strip. This is the hotel I book when I come to Vegas. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Affordability, standard room varies from $79-$185 depending on the season and how far in advance you book. -Square feet of the basic room is 950 sq. ft whereas all standard rooms on the strip ate 400-450 sq. ft for a higher nightly price. -Join mailing list, the promo codes beat advance booking and AAA benefits. -Full size kitchen and hot tubs in all the rooms.Cons:- One block south of the strip behind Bally's. - Not known. - Room service is from 6a-10pConditional considerations:-No casino: I like it, means I don't smell like cigarettes walking into and out of my hotel. Some love to gamble. -Crowd here varies from 24-40s average. It's quiet if you want sleep.
4	The rooms are really large and the bathtub is fantastic.  The hotel staff is very nice.  The bar is very overpriced, and it would be nice if they had a self-park option instead of having to deal with valets every time.  They used to have more amenities in the room (like q-tips) but the soaps are good quality.  I brought my dog and paid a $75 fee, which I thought was a little high, but at least they accept dogs.
5	OMG PHENOMENAL! I absolutely adored this hotel! It was my first time in Vegas and the next time I go I am definitely staying here again! The room was fantastic, I loved having the small kitchen and the balcony to look out at the strip, it was an amazing view in the evening time! Also the jacuzzi bathtub uhm yes please and thank you it was AMAZING! Definitely enjoyed my time here and will most definitely be returning!
3	The Platinum was a nice room. A bit off the strip so taking a cab was necessary. For a last minute trip it was a decent stay. I would recommend this place more for family trips or for cheap last minutes stays.A huge plus was that this place is right next door to Elis Island that offers a great deal on a steak dinner. Vegas is always fun! Was here in August.
2	Upon my recent stay, I was disappointed that the night manager upon check-in did not honor my marquis suite upgrade for a discounted rate when booked months prior to my stay. He charged me the full amount for a room upgrade and reasoning was because the hotel had less then 10 rooms available the day of check-in despite all the marquis suite's being unbooked. When I spoke to the day manager the next day, he pretty much hinted that the hotel didn't want to honor their room upgrade and wanted more money. Why offer a discounted upgrade in the first place. This honestly was my favorite hotel in Vegas. This is no longer the case.
1	We used to stay here frequently. So much in fact, the valet knew my wife and I by first name. But one BS charge on the credit card changed all that. Someone decided we were responsible for damage to a door in the room which cost us $900. That pretty much ruled out any future use of Platinum Hotel for us...
4	Stayed here a few times, great when traveling w/family. There's a large kitchen and & appliances, utensils, plates etc..Huge bathrooms w/tub & shower. Excellent Happy Hour, free valet only parking, just tip them! Awesome hidden Happy Hour in bar area. Close to everything, near Hooters.House keeping & maintaince is very slow, poor service.  Nice balcony!
5	Hubby and I stayed here twice in the last few years.  Once for our honeymoon, and once for our anniversary.  Both times we had a wonderful experience!  They have super spacious suites with a fully accessible kitchen as well as a living room area with a couch, TV, and desk.  The bedroom is very spacious as well.  There is also a TV and a couple chairs.  The bathroom is huge with two sinks, a shower, and a jacuzzi style hot tub which is fabulous!   (Oh and of course there is a toilet as well).  They have a couple of restaurants inside.  One is too fancy for my taste, so I didn't visit it.  But the other is a less fancy sit down restaurant and they have good food.  Room service is also available.  The only thing is it's a bit of a walk from the strip.  But if you don't want to hear the noise of slot machines and constant crowds that the other hotels attract, Platinum is great.  It is more pricey as well, but if you go during off season and book through Expedia, you typically get a good deal.
5	This place is awesome!Its the new destination for my husband and I every time we go to Vegas.  Its basically a timeshare that you are using as a hotel.  We had a full kitchen, living room, HUGE bathroom, and very comfortable bedroom.  The balcony was a nice touch.We were so comfortable here we really didn't want to leave.  Then we ventured downstairs to the lounge and had some drinks during their happy hour and lunch.  The food was delicious and the drinks very yummy.  Our bartender was great!  Very personable, a good conversationalist, and very attentive.I've even written the place directly to tell them how great of an establishment they have.  And NO RESORT FEES!!!!  Honestly, I still think we came out cheaper staying there at just over $100 a night (Travelzoo Special) and wifi included.  Even without the discount I'd still go there.
5	The rooms here speak for themselves, but the staff here is absolutely amazing. The young woman at the front desk, Valarie, was incredibly kind and really went above and beyond to make our stay special.
5	Finally found a great Vegas hotel that suits our family need - It's very spacious, comfortable, nice Jacuzzi, great indoor/outdoor pool, non-smoking, and Quiet at night. It doesn't have the bells and whistles of some casinos, but it provided true comfort and luxury. If I have to complain about something, their food selection is very limited. We go out to stripe for food.
1	Worst place in the world. Terrible customer service. The front desk ladies are rude and angry. I will NEVER stay here again. It's disgusting and they promised me a Princess Suite and I got one of the worst rooms and said that hey are over booked which makes absolutely no sense if I already booked a Princess Suite. Disgusting.
