4	always great food & generally a good staff. i am one of those who asks for it done the way i like it & at this restaurant i like them to mix two of their pasta sauces...and they do it! the shrimp scampi is excellent. its a very nice, affordable italian restaurant. we eat here a couple times a week.
3	The Italian food here was alright. We had to wait about 20 minutes on a Saturday night to eat. I ordered a seafood trio platter that consisted of salmon, breaded scallops, and lobster ravioli, and cost $18 for like 3 pieces of each. I ate bread to appease myself (which was some sort of salty, herb mix drenched in olive oil. NO balsamic vinegar! =/). My sister ordered a seafood pasta, which had mussels and shrimp in marinara sauce. She said it was "alright" also. Other than that, this place cannot top Macaroni Grill and of course....BUCA di Beppo! Probably would not go here again...
2	I usually don't go out for Italian food.  Not if it's the standard fare anyway.  I cook up a mean Italian menu all on my own at home, so generally i don't see the point.  I ended up here with my boss for a quick lunch.The food was okay & the service crap, slow & unattentive.  I never had a desire to go there & will not return.
4	Went here for the first time recently. It was a typical chain place, but very good. I had the chicken canneloni and it was excellent. We didn't have to wait long for our food, the waiter was friendly and quick. However, we were seated near the open kitchen. At first I thought this would be a good idea, because I enjoy watching people cook. Then I started listening to various conversations going on between the waitstaff. I could not help but notice one particular waiter running around asking the others if they have ever seen the movie "Waiting". Then he would giggle. The members of the staff clearly had a little more intelligence and either pretended not to hear this kid or just blankly stared at him and walked away. If you have seen "Waiting" you know that you don't want to hear a waiter talk about it. Luckily, our waiter had nothing to do with this. But overall, good place. Don't know if I will go running back right away, but we will keep in our rotation.
2	Most of the food no flavor.. Service friendly but just not on point. Ordered the Fiurocci salad sounded great. Piping hot vegetables wilt the lettuce instantly tasted very salty. Goat cheese crusted in nuts. should be nuts with a speck of goat cheese. Ordered chicken 3 ways. the mushroom version had 0 flavor the actual mushrooms didn't even have flavor and especially the sauce. a little dry. The goat cheese and sun dried tomato chicken .Actually was OK. But lets get real throw a big piece of creamy goat cheese on anything and its going to taste good.. 3rd prep was a wine reduction verson which just didn't have much flavor at all. Chicken ravioli actually did have some flavor which was a shock. Steak was dry. The olive oil with spices super tasty. The portions are huge and the price is reasonable.. But seriously the food did not cut it. Sorry carrabas. The other venues outback flemings, roys all exectuted way better. I cant stand olive garden but seriously i would go there next time over carrabas if i was forced to go to either at gun point and had a choice. Casa Di Amore is best Italian in town.
1	I feel really bad, because they comped my meal, but if you want dinner, you want food, not a comped, inedible meal.My glass of wine was vinegary, and I got a new one.  My salad was iceberg lettuce and a few carrot shavings.  My chicken was so salty I couldn't eat two bites, and the pasta served with it was cold.  Not lukewarm, but cold.  Daughter and husband liked what they had, but what do they know?The waiter was very sweet, and the manager came over and explained that he would not only comp my meal, but make me something else, also comped.  By now everyone else was done, so I declined.  I went back to my hotel and drank two liters of water to rinse the salt out.They did what they could, but I still wouldn't go back:/  Too bad, because for a chain, I remember having a few good meals in Carrabbas in Florida.
4	Consistently good food. Stay away from the ravioli as unlike Carrabba's other pastas, it is frozen and not made fresh. The Sicilian Chicken soup is amazing as are the grilled chicken dishes. There is so much good about this place, I could go on a while. The desserts in the shot glasses that taste like they've been sitting for a week and the bland iced tea are my only complaints.The Chicken Rosa Maria (?) is amazing! Hit and miss for how good it is. Varies from good to great depending on the chef.
1	wow,  where to begin with the debacle!!   i have been here a few times,  and its ok,  but i rolled in last nite with the misses and every aspect of this place was TERRIBLE.  the hostess ignored us for 2 minutes while she complained to a server about haow hard it is to do her job and keep everyone happy. so after listening to that, and smelling her overwhelming cheap perfume, we were led to a table, in a less then half full dining room.  she dropped the menus and ran off,  didnt say enjoy or who our server will be or anything.  shortly after a server walked by and said 'be right with you',  didnt say welcome, my name is--- or anything.  4 minutes rolled past and he came back, and again , no pleasentries at all,  just asked what we wanted to drink and if we were ready to order.  so we both ordered our entrees, read and sounded very tasty on the menu.  drinks and bread came,  h epoured the olive oil over the herbs, but of course didnt explain what it was,  salads came shortly after (no fresh cracked pepper offered).  my ice tea ran empty, so i puched it to the edge of the table so the server could see it,  he waled past 3 times and didnt notice,  so i had to eventually ask for a refill. he came back to clear the salad, plates, again never asked if everything was ok. shortly after the entrees came, and the runner, much like the hostess just dropped and ran. now BOTH of our entrees were stone cold, and we ordered totally different items.  and i dont mean lukewarm, i mean STONE COLD!!!!!!!  so again we waited for 3-4 minutes for our server to roll around and said oh yuour full do you want a box?  this was 4 minutes after we had been served!!!  i sent the food back to be heated,  the manager came over to apologize, and said it was his fault , that he walked away from the line and missed the food going out,  like i want to hear his excuses and what he was doing??  really???!!!  he didnt tell us his name either, and made no eye contact, looked off into space and he recited his apology.the food came back out, and my meat was now warm but the broccoli gratin and risotto with the meat were both cold still.  ate a few bites and asked the server for the check.i will never go back here, this place has severly gone down hill in ALL ASPECTS. these people were given several attempt to correct the problems and didnt at each juncture.  so we strolled out of there , paying full prive for everything, and sure as hell will never be back!
4	When it comes to food, generally I try and go down the path unknown and try something new when dining at a restaurant I have been to a few times. When it comes to Carrabba's through, I stick to my personal favorites: -Calamari Ricardo (think calamari with herbs and spices and an  amazing garlic/butter dipping sauce)-Spendino di Mare: a lightly breaded and fried combination of scallops and shrimp. Plus the bread they serve the table is awesome when you dip it in the oil/pesto mix they set on the table for you.
1	You are all sheep for loving this place.f I want boring, uninspiring, factory made americanized italian  food, drenched in cheese, like EVERYTHING in cheese, then I will come here. Yuck. Every one of my three courses was sub-par and was either cheesy or too salty, or both. I would have never walked in the door if I hadn't gotten a gift card from someone who should have known better.F'in hate this place.  Could have cooked a better sauce at home blind folded.  Did I tell you how much I despise these kinds of places?
4	So much hating on Carrabbas - I don't get it ! I guess I should start with the fact that I don't come here for "Italian" food (or what I consider Italian anyways). The pastas are disappointing - they are clearly processed chain garbage. I'm all about the wood grill plates! This place gets major points in my book for all the degrees of customization offered. Small or large sized? 4 choices of salad? 3 choices of side!? I'm in heaven. The chicken bryan (grilled chicken topped with goat cheese & sundried tomatoes in a lemon garlic butter sauce) is a MUST for me ! Their caesar salad is awesome, but honestly all 4 of their salad offerings are great. I love that you can choose veggies, potatoes, OR any pasta as a side. Last night's veggie was a delicious sauteed spinach with beautiful fresh cloves of garlic. YUM.So yeah, I wouldn't pit this against any actual Italian places in town - but for grilled chicken dressed up and done right it's my staple!
3	Good place for casual italian food.reasonable prices and service.
4	Read alot of bad reviews on this place...Got to admit the 1st time I went it was NOT my fave.  However i decided to give it a second chance so a few days ago when a friend wanted to take me to dinner - we picked Carrabbas . We were seated quickly -nice The waiter was quick and cool. double nice.Then we ordered ... 1st a lovely Pinot Grigio which was both light and sweet to the taste. We ordered the Caprese Skewers. Which came served with pesto, I was a little nervous but dug in. Was delighted that it was delish. I think I could have sat and ate tomatoes and cheese and pasta all night. However my salad with house dressing came next. The dressing was light and not over powering. Also could have made a lovely dinner out of just salad. Yet here came the chicken parmesan. He got Ravioli with potato chicken and spinach in it.yum yum yum yum yummy!!!!Everything was VERY good. If you don't want chain food... go where is best for you. I preferred this to Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill. But that is just me.
4	Maybe our experience here was a little skewed since my husband's step-mom knew the head chef (he also works for her at her restaurant of employment). It just so happened that we were celebrating her birthday and we tried going to Ventano's, which was closed for a special event. We had a huge order of calamari (I don't think the normal/regular size is that big). I don't remember what I had but my husband had the lobster mac and cheese- he expected it to be bigger, but said it was good. I also remembered that my husband's step-mom had the steak- well done. Everything was very good (remembered that much). The service was very good. I think all of us were pretty full and satisfied. I'd heard about this Italian restaurant for years and it was nice to finally try it. We'd definitely go back. The prices were about right for entrees. There was a large wedding reception held in the next room (they do catering). We were seated near the semi-open kitchen. It was particularly crowded, because we had to wait with the rest of the other people on multiple benches. The wait was about fifteen minutes.
1	Well this sucks.........I have to give my first one star rating! Bummer....I really hate to do this.......OK here it is.My wife and I went to Carrabba's Italian Grill  for dinner the other night and had marginal food and terrible service.We arrived at around 7pm and there was not a wait. I asked for a booth and we were seated in the bar area. We sat there for at least 10 minutes before we were acknowledged. Our prize of a waiter, Erik, finally came over and asked if we wanted something to drink. By this time we were ready to order our meal as well as the drinks. However, once we told Erik our drink requests ( a large Panna and a glass of Pinot Noir) he turned around and bolted as I was just about to tell him our entree requests. Any other server would have had to realize that I was going to continue the order. Now keep in mind that my wife and I are not drunk and obnoxious or dressed crazy or smelling bad or weird or in any way unpleasant. It took another 10 minutes for Erik to bring our drinks over and then finally take our order. I know what your thinking.....Don't order now.......Leave!Well we stayed...........Although we should have left at this point......So we finally got our salads after another 15 minutes and the salads were not delivered by Erik but by another server. Erik walked by our table at least 5 times going to other tables without noticing my wine glass was empty and that I was looking at him to try and get another Pinot. So after another 15 minutes a busser took our salad plates. Still NO Erik at the table for more drinks. Finally, after a couple of minutes another server delivered our entree's. My wife got the Lobster Pasta and I ordered the Chicken Trio. There was hardly any Tail Meat in the Pasta, mostly end of the claws meat. Also, the Pasta was dry and way over cooked. My Chicken Trio was OK but the side order of Angel Hair that I ordered was also dry and way over cooked. Erik finally came back to deliver the bill after 20 minutes! He did not ask if we wanted dessert or if everything was OK.What do you think I left as a tip???Needless to say........No more Carrabba's for this couple.
4	Funny thing, I lived in Tampa and there was a Carrabba's next door.  Yet, I never once walked in.  However, I noticed one here in Henderson.  So, my wife and I decided to try it out.We were there at around 5pm (we felt like old people coming at the open -- woo hoo --- yay baby, dining with the old folks home -- i am so bad).  By being there early, the great thing was that the restaurant had lots of tables and lots of waiters to provide excellent service.  Rocking roll man!Anyways, our waiter was very pleasant and took care of us.  Water was filled, drinks were takened promptly.  We ordered the following dishes:Appetizers -- Calamari and the Brushetta -- The calamari was a bit smaller than we expected.  However, it tasted very good with their pepper/lemon butter sauce (low fat ... hee hee)-- The bruschette was okay.  By the way, I am not a bruchette fan.  My wife loves it.  So, we have to order what she likes.  Personally, the bread is too hard for my likening.  Instead, I like warm rolls and butter ~ wish more restaurants have honey butter -- oooh la la...Entree:-- My wife ordered the Shrimp Scampi -- Of course, i tried it too.  I wished they had more shrimp though!  Yes, shrimp was cooked perfectly -- not overdone!  By the way, everytime we dine out, when they bring our meal, my fork is digging into her plate before they even put it down... and vice versa... we just love food.  I can't believe I am not the size of a Michelin Tire Dude now... I just happen to wear dark clothes, a cape, and shift my weight properly.. LOL...!!-- I ordered the Pasta Weesie... note: I orderd this because of the funky Weesie name.  Sounds like somebody peeing --- like taking a whizz... sometimes, I am so strange.  Back to the dish, it was really good.  I love the afredo sauce (good balance of taste and texture! and the sauteed mushrooms were yummy!).  Now, if they had shrimp AND chicken, it would have been great (kinda like the Macaroni Grille - where you can pick and choose items).Dessert:We both split a John Cole (basically, ice cream with caramel and some nuts on top -- of course, it is low fat -- just kidding)Honestly, for a party of two, we kinda ordered a bit too much food.  We had to bring some home for lunch the next day.  For 2 nice size appetizers, 2 main entrees, dessert, and drinks, our meal totals to a bit under $70 (excluding tips).  Overall, we had a pleasant dinner.  I would recommend this place.  In a way, I prefer and do think this is better than the Olive Garden (excluding the salads of course).We definitely would be back.
4	Bruschetta was pretty good and the waitress was friendly the seafood was descent needed more flavor though overall good place
4	took my boyfriend on a great little date night here on sunday. he is a huge carrabba's fan who has corrupted me with their addictive bread they bring out. is there crack in that olive oil?? beware not to fill up on it though. i suggest their chicken marsala. the chicken was melting in my mouth. those mushrooms just topped off the flavor that was coming from that chicken. i opted to be a little healthy and got their veggie of the day that happened to be my favorite...spinach! (yes i'm popeye!) i mixed it all up and even dug the spinach with the chicken and mushrooms. Dan T. is a huge fan of their chicken parm. everytime we go that is exactly what he gets. doesn't even have to look at the menu. we shared some fettucini alfredo that wasn't too bad, but it wasn't the best i have had either. i would def come to carrabba's over olive garden any day. the service is quick and on point. the staff is always friendly. the food doesn't take forever to come out. i know it isn't a top notch italian restaurant, but they did win me over and i know i will be back. (and not just because my boyfriend is the fan. i am now one too.)now pass me over some of that bread and oil please!
2	I don't want to say it sucks but food was ehh.. my family didn't like it. The service was excellent but the cost of the food was on a pricer side for what you get. I rate Macaroni Grill higher than this place.
5	My hubby and I tried this place for the first time and were very impressed. The waiter had asked if we had been there before, when we said no, he spent extra time with us letting us know about all the different specials they offered. The food was awesome! We barely made it thru the bread, dip, and salad. We ended upmtaking half of our food home and it was even better the next day. We will be back there for sure! Yumm-O!!!
4	I ate here years ago on a date and it was quite unmemorable.  My fiancee convinced me to go back, and I must say, it was worth the second chance.  Our server was excellent. We started with their featured app and it was absolutely amazing!  Salads were okay, but the entrees were absolutely awesome.  Hot, fresh, clearly made to order.  They now know what their doing at this place!  The manager stopped by our table to make sure everything was as ordered.  Overall amazing experience.  We'll be back!
5	Always very good and consistent quality and price are great
3	As far as Italian food goes, I'm pretty picky being Italian. I thought that the food was good. Not great, but good. The portion size was nice as well. I ordered chicken parmesan and the chicken was good, pasta on the side could have used a little more sauce. Herbs in olive oil w/bread was a great combination of herbs. Was VERY disapointed by the Tiramisu. Couldnt taste any espresso because the lady fingers were so soaked in liquer it tasted like i was eating a shot. Would eat there again, but wouldnt be my first choice for Italian.
5	great food, great service. Recommend you sit at bar or at the kitchen bar. Steaks are great. You have to try the shrimp scampi. best most consistent I have ever tasted. nothing has ever come close, not even mine when trying to recreate from web recipe. I ate at a Carrabbas about 4 times a week for a year back in 2000 and always was satisfied. If ever their was a problem it was taken care or immediately.
4	All the food I have ever ordered at Carrabba's has been great! The soaps and pasta are perfect. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Food was good and reasonably priced. Service was excellent.  Pasta was a little oily for my taste.
2	I came to get a quick dinner with a friend and catch up. I have been to Carrabba's (Savannah, GA) once before, but I don't remember it being this terrible. The service was your standard big box restaurants...not much to write home about. What got me was the actual food, it was too salt to eat... The spinach sauteed in olive oil was too salt to eat! The night's special, Chicken Sorrentino was somewhat hard to eat. It was roasted chicken with what seemed to be microwave heated prosciutto (!!!) with American cheese melted on top...it was unappetizing to say the least. I was really trying to look at the good of this dish, but it was a no go...I will never eat here again.
3	My mom really likes this place, so whenever we make dinner plans this i the first place she suggests and I usually let her when since she's paying.I really, really, really hate the atmosphere. It's too dark and too loud as if it is a bar trying to pass itself off as a family restaurant during the day. During our last visit they sat is in the back (eastern part of the building) which wasn't as dark and gloomy only to have a birthday party of 25 people right behind start sitting down as our food comes. The most frustrating part is that the restaurant wasn't even fill and it looked like they knew the party had reservations.I do have to admit the food is good here. Not great, but good. Their marinara sauce is very fresh, but a little too intense (garlic) for my taste when just served on plain noodles.My wife really likes their lasagna, which doesn't suffer the wet-noodle plague (when you go to cut in and it becomes a soggy mess).I ordered the chicken parm with a side of veggies on previous visits only to find it so-so. Last time I went back I decided to give it one last try, but as a sandwich and I was pleasantly surprised. It seems they cut the chicken thinner for the sandwiches so I had a nice crunchy sandwich.I would eat here again, just not during a dinner rush and definitely not on a weekend night.
4	My first time at a Carrabba's and it surprised me in quality and service. The dough wasn't good for the pizza, and instead of serving sub par stuff to my friend the GM came out and explained what happened and offered any other entree. It was classy and put a restaurant that can get mixed in with other mid-grade italian places that extra star. We came on Wine Wednesday and had the Sangria which was delicious.
3	Spinach dip is amazing. The rest of the menu is on par with olive garden... Its affordable and the place is good for a nice dinner. I wouldn't choose it for an anniversary or special occasion... But date night would be totally fine!
5	For an Italian chain restaurant, this place is wonderful!  (Or maybe, I'm just not that high-brow)I love Carrabba's food and this location is very nice.  I have never had any problems when dining here and I do love to come here fairly regularly.  This place kills Olive Garden for both being chains restaurants.  Yes, it is a fair bit more expensive though.I love love the bread with the herbs and olive oil they serve here.  And my number one entree that literally beckons me back is the Spiedino Di Mare.  The way they cook the scallops is superb and the size of the scallops is very impressive for a place like this.  Just thinking of this dish makes my mouth water. They have good drinks too and the salads are fresh and crisp with interesting variations on dressings compared to other places I have eaten.  Is this a mom and pop, hole in the wall Italian place?  No, but it is definitely one of my favorite chain restaurants and close to home.
1	I was always a fan of Carrabba's, but lately the food is so disappointing.  Much much to salty, and I love salt.  The food has been over cooked and not properly cooked either.  The wait staff has been great, too bad the kitchen cannot keep up.
4	Actually had really good service here, I think our waiters name was Mario or something and he was all over us.  I got baked scallops and a salad, hard to mess that up, and it was very good. I did wish; however, that our waiter would've mentioned their special 3 courses for $15 b/c we probably all would've done that. Either way I was happy enough.  This is definitely not authentic Italian food it's a chain restaurant for crying out loud, but it's affordable, fast, and will leave you full!
4	My family and I came here for the first time last night. We were all very pleased with our meals. It was quite fantastic. We started off with the bread with herbs, olive oil, and balsamic which was fantastic. The bread was nice and warm. We also ordered the calamari and zucchini fritte. The calamari was way overcooked and we were not satisfied with it at all, I could barely pick it up with my fork because it was so crunchy. The zucchini fritte was very delicious. The garlic aioli that it came with was also very tasty. I had the Chicken Bryan with garlic mashed potatoes. The chicken had goat cheese, sundried tomatoes, and basil on it. It was so delicious. The goat cheese almost melted in my mouth when I ate it. It was fantastic. However, the chicken was a tiny bit overcooked but the flavors made up for it. The mashed potatoes were also awesome! I also had the peach sangria which was good but it tasted a lot like juice. My husband had the chicken trio and he also enjoyed his meal very much. Although, he did say that his chicken was a bit overcooked. My parents both had the veal Marsala and they enjoyed it very much too. I didn't get to taste theirs so I can't really comment on it. The service was great too but not the best waiter I've ever had. He was quick and efficient though so it was good. The girl at the front desk was not very friendly though. Overall, a great place and it's always booming with business. Every time I drive by the parking lot is always packed. The food is great and we were satisfied.
3	For a chain restaurant this place gets my above average vote! I always get the shrimp scampi and I usually get a salad. I've even had the salmon and I'm always pleasantly surprised that's its good and that I still feel the food is worth it. The service has never been poor.
1	I went with my wife and friend.We all three had different items and all of them were very bland and had very little flavor.  We spent $50 ( with the tip) and felt we had received very little for the money.  I had not been to a Carrabba's in a few years and it maybe a century before I would try it again.  Don't waste your money.  The Blue Beer was great but then again they did not make it.
3	My whole family went to dinner here this past Saturday night.  My mother-in-law is so in love with this place...not really sure why.  The bread and olive oil with herbs is probably the best part of the meal.  I ordered the chicken parm with fettucine alfredo and a side ceasar salad.  The salad would have been really great except it was three bites big...or should I say small?  My chicken was pretty good, and hot when it arrived but the pasta was ice cold like it had been sitting on the plate waiting for the chicken to finish cooking.Nobody else had a complaint about their dishes but no rave reviews either.  Our server seemed less than interested in being at work that night...she did perk up when I mentioned ordering a cocktail.  Don't know if that was because she'd rather be drinking than working or that I was about to bulk up the bill with an alchohol purchase and thereby increase her tip.The chocolate martini was amazing.  That bears repeating...the chocolate martini was AMAZING!!!I would think after appetizers, bread, salad, a main course and two alcoholic beverages I'd be stuffed...nope.  We ordered dessert.  It saved the day in my mind.  The buttercream cake with pineapple, banana, strawberry and creme layers...OH MY GOD!!!!  Skip the food and go straight for dessert here!  So light and fresh tasting.  Not overwhelmingly rich like so many deserts.  For the money...I'd rather have gone to Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill...but if you want a chocolate martini and dessert, this was great!
3	The new "cost cutting"  at Carrabba's may cost them some customers.   I haven't been here in a while,  but changes have definitely taken place.  I first noticed on the salad.  Its HALF the size it used to be.  As a "scratch Kitchen"  you used to be able to put any "side dish" with your entree.  Now there's an up charge for Alfredo side, due to the "cost of dairy" our waiter said.  The entree portion was also smaller and I'm pretty sure I got one less shrimp and one less scallop.   Its not like we went away starving, but when you're used to generous portions and generous service,  Tight ass is not so appealing .  The peach sangria was yummy.
3	I used too come here all the time..but it has since lost it's appeal. After trying it tonight I am a little disappointed. The prices are really high now! $18 just for a pasta dish seems a little steep and it's nothing special.The Lentil soup is great!! I could just eat that for dinner, I wouldn't pay for the pasta again and the portion was small. That's saying alot from me, I get full pretty quick. I don't think I would go back anytime soon.
4	I have lived in Henderson for the past 5 years and drove by Carrabbas a number of times without ever thinking of going in.  We don't really hit up the Italian very much as it's pretty filling and we try to keep it pretty healthy.  My in-laws were in town for my daughter's 1st birthday and for some reason we decided to go here.  I was very impressed by how good it was.  I was expecting Olive Garden type food (which is fine if you're from a small town and are looking for a place to take a Prom date) but got something much better!  First off, the bread they serve was very delicious and they set down some olive oil with garlic chunks in it.  Who doesn't love some garlic??  The server was on top of it, very polite, and did a great job of checking on us before we ordered.  I'm not a fan of the places that leave you stting there.My wife and I shared a Spaghetti dish and then I proceeded to eat off of everyone else's plates (after they offered, of course).  Everything I had was made very well.  My mother-in-law's Lasagna, sister-in-law's steak, and father-in-laws fettucine.  All very simple dishes but all done nicely.  This is a great place to take casual Italian food eaters, like ourselves.  They also threw in some free mac n' cheese for my daughter!
4	The herbs with olive oil and bread are amazing!!  Can't go wrong with chicken parm!
4	I had been to Carrabba's years and years ago and didn't really like it, so hadn't ever been back. It just wasn't a place I wanted to go to if I was going out to eat. But we had friends in town this week, and they chose this place. And I have to say, I was very impressed! It was so good! The bread to start with is DELICIOUS. We ordered the bruschetta appetizer - it was good but not my favorite. I ordered the lobster ravioli which was really good, and my husband got the Chicken Bryan which was the standout. It was so good! He said it was one of the best chicken dishes he's had at any restaurant. The chicken had such a great flavor. I'm not a huge fan of restaurant chains, but I have to say that we will definitely be back. This wasn't my favorite restaurant ever, and the service could have been better, so I can't give it five stars. But it really was a delicious meal.
4	Not bad for a franchised owned Italian restaurant (way better than Olive Garden though).Appetizer: Shrimp Scampi - the sauce alone was really good. We even used the sauce to dip the complimentary bread. The shrimp was cooked perfectly. Main Entree:Linguine Pescatore - it was delicious and had a good amount of scallops, mussels and shrimp in it. The sauce was okay. I've tasted something better... Somewhere close by (PASTA SHOP...Shhh)Pollo Rosa Maria - it's good as always according to my bf.No dessert for us since we were stuffed after all the bread and pasta we had. Maybe next time.
4	Had the lasagna and it was really tasty. Also, the bacon and onion flat bread was great too. Service was awesome. Never had an empty glass.
2	Service at the bar was great, the wine was great, but the food wasn't that great! Your typical franchise Italian restaurant!!
1	we came here for my birthday dinner last year it was pretty dark inside but its italian so its usually like thatthe greeter asked how many and then just turned around expecting us to know she wanted us to follow her. Rude.the server came up, rushing us to sit down, didnt introduce himself and asked what we wanted to drink turned around without a word and walked away. when he came back he sat our drinks down sloshing one of them on to the table and then walked away.we got up and leftno thanks, carrabbas, you suck balls.
4	One of Brad T. & I's go to italian restaurants when we want to some take-out.  I have ordered more take-out here than actually dining in the restaurant itself.So, here is a break down of the difference of ordering online and picking it up & actually dining in.Ordering on-line (4.5 out of 5)Easiness of ordering online (5): It is very self-explanatory and very easy to navigate through the menu online. Service while waiting at the take-out parking spot (4):  Some of them are a little snobby, but most of them are rather sweet and greets your with a smile. Wait-time at the take-out (4):  I would have given it a 5, but there was a time where I waited for 30minutes to get my order.  Overall, there were very fast and efficient. Food (5)We always order calamari ricardo:  If you like calamari, then you would definitely enjoy this calamari.  It has some spices and herbs that you can dip in a buttery sauce.  I am usually not into spices that much, but this just has a perfect pinch of spice to it.  I always order the spaghetti with meatballs and I love it.   It is never to oily and the meatball is wonderfully made.  Dining-In (3.5 out of 5):Service (4.5):  The service here is very glamours and attentive.  Food: (2.5):  Like I stated earlier, I would always order the spaghetti, but then when I dined in I ordered the lasagna and it tasted like vomit.  I only had three bites into it and I decided I couldnt eat any more of it.  Atmosphere (4):  It is very casual and darker than I expected, but it feels very comfortable. Overall, I would come back to carrabbas but I would stick to my normal orders and probably would never order the lasagna ever again.
4	Went to a tasting of new menu items for their club members. I hadn't been here before, and the first thing I noticed was how dark it was inside.  Strike 1.  But the free tasting overrides the strike. They had 2 long tables set up right up front for the tasting. I didn't know what to expect, this being my first tasting. I did bring a guest and we were both impressed that they were serving wine. Red wine only, but still. Our first course was risotto balls with marinara sauce which were very good. Then we had a large, yummy Caesar salad that was one of the best I've had in a while. There was plenty of wine going around too.We sampled 2 entrees- Mahi Wulfe and Pollo Caprino. Both were very good, and the standout was the goat cheese in the chicken dish. We both enjoyed both entrees, and they gave us generous portions. For dessert, we had their signature brownie with whipped cream.  I'm not a chocolate fan, but this was a good brownie. We asked for coffee with dessert, and they have excellent coffee!Color me impressed! Try the new menu items with a Caesar salad.
5	The Spiedino Di Mare-Shrimp is fabulous!! Also tried the lobster ravioli, pollo rosa maria (stuffed chicken- deliciously yummy), pasta carrabba's (fettuccine alfredo), deep fried calamari & cheese pizza. This place is usually packed so expect to wait. We've always received good service which is why we don't mind returning. We'll definitely be having our italian fix here!!
5	Had not been here in awhile and so glad I rediscovered this place. This used to be one of my favorite chain Italian restaurants. I had the Spiedino Di Mare (shrimp and scallops). Whenever I moan during a meal, it's good. Embarrassing, but good...I had it with the Cavatappi Amatriciana. Could not have been more of a perfect meal. Well, it could have been with just a scoop of Bluebell Ice Cream, but hey I'm in Vegas and we don't have that. But WAIT...I"m at Carrabba's and GUESS WHAT? YES!!!!Blue Bell Ice Cream. I thought that I was in heaven. Perfect meal. PERFECT!
4	Messy plate , but its the Jonny!! Amazing
4	Food is always good, service is sometimes ok, sometimes great....
4	Real Italian it ain't, but Carrabba's it a cut above other Americanized chains like Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill. What sets this place apart from the others is their woodfired grill and more "exotic" ingredients for the palates of regular Joes. My favorite dish on the menu is their Chicken Bryan, a fire-roasted chicken breast (yes, a real breast, not a processed breast 'patty') topped with a lemon butter sauce, sundried tomatoes and goat cheese. Carrabba's is also really good at accommodating special eating plans. I'm a low carber and they've always been super nice about letting me substitute veggies for pasta (they'll even make the chicken soup WITHOUT noodles in it if you ask). I appreciate the level of customization that they offer. The olive oil on the table is crap, but they do get extra points for bringing out a grater with fresh parmesan cheese to top all of your entrees. The prices are a bit high for what you get (plan on spending about $50 on an appetizer, soda and entrees for two -- not including alcohol or dessert, before tip), but at least they serve fresh, quality food.  The service at this location has always been good and friendly. The restaurant atmosphere is really drab and sad and is in need of a makeover. It's depressing, actually. VERY dark (not the good, romantic kind of dark, the super dismal and melancholic kind of sad) and VERY dank. Ask for a seat near the open kitchen so you can watch the cooks in action.
5	My daughter and I came to eat on a Saturday night at 7:30. We were seated right away next to the open kitchen where we were able to watch the cooks hard at work. Our waiter was very friendly and had a smile on his face our entire visit. The food was phenomenal and cooked in a timely manner. The price was right. I cant wait to bring my daughter, or anyone special, there again soon. Thank you Carrabbas for contributing to a fantastic evening with my daughter. I LOOOOOVVVVEEEE a crumble.
4	This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants! The service is always fantastic. The bread is served warm with olive oil and herb dipping sauce that I rate a 10, & our favorite appetizer is the fried calamari. The atmosphere is energetic & it makes for a great date night out!
2	Overated! Ok Italian, But way too expensive!And Service not so great. I rather go to Metro Pizza.
5	You know when you eat at a place you like and you find that one thing on the menu that you keep coming back for? That's how it is for me at Carraba's on Eastern. The service never disappoints, and it's hard for me to order anything else on the menu because I love the filet Bryan so much. Pair that with the vegetable of the day, a fresh side salad, and tiramisu for dessert and you have one heck of a delicious meal!
3	Carrabba's is in this weird position of being somewhat yuppie acceptable, yet is still a chain.  I think most people go here just so they put themselves over for not going to Olive Garden.  I'm not an Olive Garden fan by any stretch of the imagination, but I much rather go there than here.The service is fine.  It doesn't get too crowded here.  The atmosphere is alright.  It's dim without being dark.Really I just choose Olive Garden over this is because of price.  Carraba's wants to charge everyone just a little bit extra so that you'll feel fancy.  I've had other things, but a good and fresh example in my mind is the Caesar salad I had last night.  Switching from chicken to shrimp was in the neighborhood of 4 dollars.  The salad had exactly 4 pieces of shrimp.  $1 per shrimp is a bit ridiculous.  But in general the food tastes fine.  No complaints about the taste.  It's just the price that bothers me.
5	Never disappoints, food is good, service good, always walking out satisfied.We usually sit in the bar and share different dishes, Chris the bartender is a pleasure and always delivers a great experience.It is hard to get a better value for your $$$, easy to find a more expensive place but hard to find the overall value.We are definately back next week!
3	Came here with my gf and had the Trio D'Italia. I had the Chicken Bryan, Manicotti, Cavatappi Amatriciana. Nothing really stood out to me.  It wasnt great, it wasnt bad. just blah.The service was good and the ambience was nice though
4	I had the citrus arugula salad which I get from time to time and it is a good consistent healthy option. It has arugula, spinach, oranges, and chopped pistachios. The citrus vinaigrette dressing is light and is a great compliment to the salad. My friend got the cedar plank salmon, which is her favorite. They always have seasonal specials which are fresh and full of flavor. Drink specials are awesome especially the sangria, different flavors and soooo tasty, you can share and get a larger cantor.Staff is always friendly. Ambiance is nice, with a view into the kitchen. I haven't waited more than 5 minutes for a table.I highly recommend carrabas. It's well above Olive Garden, and the prices aren't so bad either
2	My sister and I took my mom out for her birthday.   They changed their menu  not happy about the new menu.   We had asked our server to do something special for her birthday and never did.  The service was not great either.
4	While visiting family out here in Henderson, NV. I had a chance to sample some of the local chains. Now I know Carrabba's is nation wide, and one of my favorite places to go in Tampa, but this one was a bit ... different. The service we had, provided by Kaitlyn, was -amazing-! She was more than attentive, made sure that we were all having a good time and went that extra mile to make sure that everyone's food was perfect, to make sure that everyone was satisfied. I'm used to waiters being blase about their jobs, but she certainly was very content and happy with what she was doing,Beyond that, the food was standard fare for the place, everything was fresh, everything was served quickly and there were no gaffes.  If I were here frequently, I would be a regular!
4	Haven't been to Carrabba's in a while, so I suggested this place for dinner with a new guy I just met.  He had never heard of Carrabba's, so we went.  I had a nice glass of pinot noir at the bar prior to dinner while waiting for our seats.  Only waited about 5 minutes.  We ordered the stuffed mushrooms to start and they were delish!  The bread is good, crisp on the outside, soft in the middle.  My date ordered chicken noodle soup and I don't know....it came out the color of minestrone which prompted me to ask our server if it was indeed minestrone and not chicken noodle as he requested.  She very rudely advised me that their minestrone does not have pasta noodles in it, so it is definitely not minestrone. So....the broth is now tomato-ey in chicken noodle soup then? Did they run low on each one and combine them together? I'm not quite sure.  Whatever, he said he liked it.  I ordered the Caesar salad and it was good. For our entrees, he had the lobster ravioli and enjoyed those. I had the chicken bryan and it was delish as were the garlic mashed potatoes that had the ice cream scoop shape. It's Carrabba's...it's fancy schmancy -ish...can you mash the scoops of potatoes down a bit to at least make us think you just made them? lol
4	It's my daughter's first birthday.....and it's new years eve.My guy got off of work early, and we got there shortly after four when it opened. BOY OH BOY, did we come at just the right time!First criticism,The entrance of this restaurant is too small. You walk maybe about 2 feet, and you are running into the hostess desk. To the left there is a small seating area... but be prepared to have people breathing on you, even if there are just two people standing in front of you, waiting to speak with the hostess.First compliment,we were seated no problem. as soon as we told her two and a high chair, our menus AND THE HIGH CHAIR were grabbed, and we were at a table.More compliments.Our waiter was nice, and greeted us. We got our drink orders (water, extra ice, with lemon) a beer, and a double shot for my guy....and it was a TRUE double shot. The bread was delivered warm to us, along with the spices (aka CRACK) and olive oil. We stole the bottle of balsamic off of the table next to us after they left. The spice combination, and the olive oil is some of the best we have ever had....other places need to take a lesson from Carrabbas.We ordered the crab cakes as an app, they were probably $11 or $12. They were good, and flavorful, but small. I mean, breakfast patties were bigger than these babies.I completely forgot what my guy ordered, but he said it was BOMB.com.I ordered the Chicken bryan, chicken "fire finished" with a lemon sauce, fresh basil, and goat cheese. I got the cavatappi pasta, and a cup of their sausage and lentil soup.Soup, was OUT OF THIS WORLD. Perfectly seasoned, a little bit of spice...Kept me coming back for more. I could have had an entire dinner out of that alone. My chicken bryan was good, the only thing I wish i could have changed about it was the whole "fire finishing", I don't like the crispy burnt chicken ends...I think that would be done better in a pan.The waiter came by with as much bread and oil as we wanted, and he had a good sense of humor.The two things that kind of bummed me out about this place.....One waitress kept putting in tickets wrong. We turned down some one elses' food at least twice....and watched our soup and salad walk around the entire restaurant, until i made eye contact with the runner....You need to know which tables are yours.So they "don't really sing happy birthday here "..... Womp womp....The waiter informed us of that. He did offer us a decent  sized ice cream bowl for our baby, which was complimentary. Overall, it was worth the visit, the time, and the money. Awesome.Skip Ventanos, Olive Garden, or where ever the heck you get "Italian"....Carrabba's won't be a waste of your time.
2	I'm really disappointed. The experience was really bad. The food was under-seasoned. I prefer Olive Garden over Carrabba for sure. I don't think I will come back to this chain.
3	The pasta here is always delicious.
5	I have become a fan of this place. I work a lot and don't have many nights off. This restaurant won me over. The staff is always friendly and nice. The food is above average and they have lots of specials and it really is a good bang for your Buck. I usually sit at the bar. Chris is a great bartender who always seems happy and remembers you. His only fault is he is a lions fan but he can fix that. LOL. I can honestly say there has never been any problem and I always feel welcome. I highly recomend this place.
2	Another chain bites the dust. Carrabba's used to me and my husbands favorite places to eat. Last night we decided to go because I got a promotion at work. We noticed that the menu changed and were excited to try a few new things. We ordered the caprese appetizer. It was sliced tomatoes with basil and balsamic and a huge chunk of cheese in the middle. Not sliced, just a big hunk of cheese. Still it tasted alright but not as much flavor as it used to.Their house salad was similar but because I have eaten a lot in the past, I noticed some significant differences. Smaller and less olives and no pepperincini. It is the small things with that simple salad that made it great and clearly to cut costs, they cut the special stuff. Sad.My husband ordered a fetticini dish which did not have a lot of flavor. He could not taste the cheese. It looked really dry, almost like they forgot the sauce. I ordered the Johnny. It was flavored well but the steak was beyond tough and way smaller than it used to be. Clearly, Carrabba's is chosing to cut corners to save a few bucks. Too bad too. It was one of the best resturant chains out there. Now, it looks like I won't be back. On a postive note, the service was good. From host, wait staff to bussing, it was top notch. Those 2 stars are for those guys!
4	Way better then Olive Garden. All the food is freshly made. I had the shrimp and scallops in vodka sauce. The seafood was cooked really we'll. I had a great Cesar salad and for dessert we had the trio of cakes. Soo good!! I will come back
3	I don't get what all the hype is about this restaurant? I mean, the bread with the special dipping oil was good but not outstanding.  The salad was forgettable and the fettuccine Alfredo with chicken was edible.  It's a good place for families as the food is inexpensive and the service is good.
5	Newly remodeled very tastefully done, looks like more seating, partly blocked off the kitchen a good thing.  New menu with new items to pick from. Great food and friendly staff. This is not a tasteless 70s Olive Garden.
2	The food is decent, although not the best Italian food I've eaten. Very commercialized and not very authentic. I can live with food in a pinch, but the service is just plain terrible. Dine in or take out, it's the same disorganized, slow, and sometimes rude treatment on each of the 6-7 times I've been to the Carrabba's  in Henderson. If your stuck and are dying for Italian food and every place else is closed, then go, otherwise look around a bit. There's bound to be better authentic Italian with a whole lot better service.
3	Food and service was great. Server was very accommodating. Here is what my problem is. There is a party of 18 people seated next to me. The woman has a "Service" dog. Totally get it. However, when your dog is barking and whining. Disturbing my experience, then I have a problem. She says to her companions, he wants more bread. A Manager should have said something to this party. The dog needed to be removed. It took 20 minutes before someone in her party, took the dog out. Maybe that's what Lassie was trying to tell you.Dumb
4	This was the first time I visited Carrabas - was in town and having dinner with the folks  - me madre picked it. Kinda cool atmosphere, very comforting and not too loud. We started with the caprese appetizer - very good mozzarella and the tomatoes were incredibly fresh. I had the classic combo which is chicken parmesan, lasagna and some of their house pasta. The chicken parmesan was thinner than I thought it would be, but it was tasty. The lasagna is a fairly small serving, but very tasty as well - could be a great mea on its own if the normal serving was much bigger. The house pasta was ok - nothing to shake a stick at.My grandmother had the salmon and seemed to enjoy it - the folks had fish as well and they had no complaints.Service was excellent. All in all, not bad. I would say it is a bit pricey for what you get as far as serving size goes, but at least it was good.
1	Very, very disappointed.They removed my favorite appetizer (shrimp scampi) from the menu.The waiter told me they can still make it!When it arrived, it was tiny little shrimp, gummy, not seared.They removed my husbands favorite dish (seafood cannelloni).They raised prices & reduced sizes!What's happening!??I wont return.
5	Great service, great food. The conchiglie ai formaggio is incredible!
3	I used to go to the original ones in Houston, where Johnny Carrabba and Damian Mandola started this place.  And the two original locations are still great.  Much like most restaurants, Carrabba's portions keep getting smaller and their prices have pretty much doubled.  I used to eat at the Houston ones about once a week.  However, I can't afford to do that anymore, because of the prices.   Also, they used to have the best crab cakes and roasted red pepper sauce, but they recently redid their menu and I'm quite disappointed that they are gone.  However, the food is still some of the better chain food that is out there.  And the service is always really good.  They recently remodeled and although I didn't think it needed a facelift, I do think it looks even better in there.  A solid choice, but for the price now, there are better choices out there.
5	Carrabbas is by far my favorite restaurant! I'm from Michigan and was always a regular there. Unfortunately there isn't a carrabbas in California where I am now located so we stopped at the one in Vegas on our drive back home. We didn't look the greatest just got done driving 36 hours and they treated us no different! We had a great experience with our server Jennifer. She suggested new things that I never even heard of at the Carrabbas in Michigan which really surprised me. She was very nice and gave us great service. Overall I highly recommend this carrabbas all the food is great I'm hooked on the Sicilian chicken soup and Caesar salad but all of it taste amazing!
5	Michael R. Deserves a rave review. Great service, very attentive. The Chicken Bryan was suggested and I can see why. Scrumptious. We went on a busy Friday night. After hunting and hunting for a place to park we now know why. Even though they were packed the service was speedy. My wife and I were impressed. We will be stopping here again in the future.
5	There's one thing that Carraba's does well...their Caesar salad.  Whether you get it plain, with chicken or salmon, it never disappoints.  It's the best in the valley.  I've been ordering it for years even my very picky husband agrees.
4	The best italian chain restaurant. Service as always was spot on. The food was excellent as always, and served in a timely manor. I normally order the chicken Parmesan with a side of fettuccini  Alfredo but this time opted for shrimp and scallops in a butter sauce. Both were cooked perfectly and the sauce was amazing. The minestrone soup was delicious as always and the fried calamari was out of this world. Their entire menu is a home run.
2	We've been here a couple of times and enjoyed it, but the last time we were there the food was really bad. I ordered calamari and it was tougher than chewing on rubber bands. It was also extremely greasy. My wife order a combination meal and the server told us they were pretty large portions and when the plate came out, we were devastated to see such small portions that you almost need a magnifying glass to find it. Needless to say it was pitiful. I don't think we will be returning any time soon. Even Olive Garden and Macaroni Grill is far superior than this place and that's not saying a whole lot. Anyways can you tell I was pretty disappointed. The only salvation for this place was their tiramisu...It was pretty good.
1	Worst branch. Food cold, serve unattentive, and bathrooms were unclean.  The steak is not good quality comes out tough and stringy.  Would recommend going somewhere else.
3	This was my first time here and I thought it was ok.  I had the Chicken Bryan and prosciutto-wrapped pork tenderloin with a side Caesar salad.  To be honest, there wasn't anything about my meal that was worth talking about.  Everything was meh for me although the servers were really friendly and attentive to our needs, considering we had a party of 15.  The atmosphere was laid back, casual attire ok.  They take reservations and can accommodate bigger parties if needed.  Overall, I would probably not return to this place because I feel you can find a better Italian restaurant elsewhere for the same price.
2	Went here last night. Food wasn't great, really what you would expect from a place like this. There was a clothing plastic tag in my salad. They comped my meal. The waiter was a good guy. Great bread, I'll give them that.
4	I have always liked Carrabba's and really have never had a bad meal or service. Went last night after receiving a "Amore Monday" email advertising 3 courses for $12. Arrived around 5:00 and was seated immediately. The Amore Monday menu is a soup or salad, an entree and either an app or dessert for each person (some other places make you share the app or dessert). The 3 courses are $12, $15 or $18 depending on your entree. Of course their wonderful bread and olive oil are included as well. Our server Eric was great. Very friendly and always checking on us making sure we had full drinks and were enjoying our food.  I ended up ordering the calamari for my app. It said "small" portion on the menu but it was not small at all. It was a full dinner plate served with marinara. I also got the Caesar which was very good. Cold and lots of fresh cheese on top. For the entree I chose the Mahi Wulfe which is Mahi topped with artichokes, sun dried tomato and their lemon butter sauce. This was excellent, bordering on outstanding. It was cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and moist inside. It is cooked on the oak grill which gave it great flavor. My plate was clean, I was very happy. I have been going to Carrabbas for years both here and while living in Florida and always enjoy it. It will continue to be one our favorites.
2	Oh no! Everyone has an off night, but this visit was extra special. Waitress argued with us over the food items and kind of threw down drinks and walked away. Very uncomfortable dining experience. Just not worth a return visit.  I hate being uncomfortable, especially when it's meant to be a nice relaxing evening out.Follow up: in all fairness we spoke to the manager who was very understanding and supportive and took our concerns seriously.
4	The chicken Bryan is one of my favorite dishes in the whole city. I think it is absolutely incredible. The food servers are always amazing there  with a great attitude and friendly. I can't give them a 5 star because their red sauce is definitely lacking.
2	Service was descent but the crab cakes were burnt! This was my first time here and will most likely be the last. The waitress saw that my crab cake was completely black on the bottom. Obviously they put the lesser burnt side facing up hoping that I wouldn't notice. The rest of the food wasn't much better.
3	I love Italian food, so my husband brought me here per recommendation from his coworkers. I thought the food was alright. It wasn't spectacular, but it was good. We started off with a meatball and ricotta flatbread. For entrees we had chicken Bryan and fried shrimp and scallops with pasta. Our appetizer was good, but the entrees fell a little flat. The winner for the evening was our dessert: vanilla raspberry custard. I've never had custard before, but I'll always remember this one. The custard was not overly sweet and the raspberries were fresh and ripe. They melted in my mouth and were perfect with the custard.The service was good. Our server was very attentive. He refilled our drinks quickly and always came back to ask how our meal was.I would come back for the good service, but I definitely need to try more from the menu.
5	This chain is one of my most favorite & this location had the quality I expect both in food & staffing. We were greeted by engaging hostesses, and seated immediately. Bryan, our server, appeared almost instantly to take our drink orders. His service was impeccable, anticipating what we needed before asking. Carrabba's is always a great place for incredibly delectable flavored & something quiet for special occasions.
5	Carrabas is my family's favorite restaurant, hands down! We have yet to try a dish and not be completely blown away! This evening my honey and I went for our 3 year anniversary and as is the usual, blown away by the beyond exceptional service provided by our server Nicole and of course the delicious food. It is and will continue to be a dinner time favorite!
5	Great service by Mike!  Love to come here for lunch, the food and service is always good.  And fast when we're in a hurry at lunch but still want to have a great meal.
2	I normally don't write reviews but I just had to after my experience last night. Pretty much in a nutshell, it's 9pm on a Thurs, my husband & I go to get a quick bite. My Arnold Palmer was disgustingly tart, the bread was borderline stale, & service a joke. I order off their holiday special menu with all the wine dishes. It was the shrimp & scallop linguine in champagne cream sauce (with roasted red peppers & mushrooms). It takes longer to arrive than usual, by another waitress, so when a plate of shrimp a la vodka over linguine (simply shrimp, pasta & diced tomatoes in vodka sauce) is placed in front of me naturally I think she made a mistake. Nope! In her words, "they ran out of the champagne sauce so they used the vodka cream sauce instead." OH DID THEY? Glad I was consulted in the decision making of what I'll be eating for dinner. I guess at Carrabba's the customer doesn't get to chose what they eat. The best part was when our server suddenly appeared after his long break with no apology or explanation. Oh & no manager either. Yea it's safe to say we'll never return.
3	I've been here three times already and the pork tenderloin I got last time was delicious. It was cooked just right; I was able to chew on it easily and the wine sauce was very nice. We also had complimentary bread with olive oil/oregano dip to begin with, and bread is always good. (:The service though, wasn't too spectacular. The guy server we had never smiled during the service and seemed very unpleasant. He also only checked up on us once throughout the whole meal. Every time we needed something, we had to look for him and wait for him. It's a good family lunch/dinner place, but I wouldn't recommend it for dressy dates; maybe a casual date.
5	We went in at 5 pm  this last Monday. We were seated RIGHT away and had our drink orders RIGHT AWAY.MORGAN our server was AWESOME. Very polite and answered all my questions.  And was attentive. Food was AMAZING..Being in the food industry and being married to a chef I know food and the restrsnt side as well. I DON'T usually give 5 stars , but couldn't find a thing wrong here. From the service to our food , we will be going back.
5	Mike was our server he was knowledgeable great personality very attentive the food and his service was awesome.  We will definitely be back and ask for him.
5	Food is good. Fair price. The service was excellent.  Our server was "Brian R" and he made sure to take care of us, from drink refills to making sure our kids enjoyed their pasta. Friendly service definitely makes the meal taste better!
1	Monday at 9:30 pm is when I walked in with my date.  They close at 10:00pm this night.  Two (2) of Carrabba's employees sees us waiting at the host stand, just stares at us for a monument and walks away as if they contemplated whether to greet us or not.  My date and I wait a little longer while few more employees walk around us without any acknowledgement.  So we decided to seat ourselves.  Another customer that was leaving aided us with the menu.   After sitting, the first employee that recognized us at the host stand ends up being our server/waitress, but that wasn't until much later.   This is what I witnessed while i waited for service.  There was an employee moving tables around and vacuuming the floors around the table my date and I were sitting in.  This may be a little extreme, but why not really disgust guest by picking noses and farting next to dining guests?  The others were focused on the side work as well in preparation to close and leave.  Yet during cleaning up the restaurant floor, they small spec of crumbs were vacuumed but the food on the floor a few tables down from us was left alone.  I still don't understand their priorities.   The restaurant was fairly empty the this time with me being the 4th or 5th table to dine.  I give this place one (1) star only because I cannot go any lower.  I never expected to enter a dining establishment where the employees showed such disappointment because dining guests shows up 30 minutes before closing time.  The term "going above and beyond" is not what this particular Carrabba's is taught, so I can only assume.  That assumption come from speaking with the manager for that night.  I was I got her name, but failed to do so because I just wanted to leave after her condescending responses.  She actually said "well I can't be out here all the time" as an excuse when I explained to her the chain of events they led me to just leave.  Yes, just leave.  Not only was the server rude, she sounded annoyed that she had to explain the menu.   Going back to the manager, I have a strong conviction that managers are to manage.  The manager for that shift is to blame for either the lack of proper training or the lack of care the employees show to their guests.  So we leave and go to Apple Bees across the street.  The bartender there greeted us as we walked in.  The server sat us strategically so they could continue their side work without interfering with my dinging experience whereas Carrabba's just didn't care.   All Carrabba's cannot be this bad.  I'm hoping this does not happen often, not because I care where this business goes but because it would bother me to know this happens regularly to other unsuspecting guests.   I'm sure if I decided to stay and dine at Carrabba's and leave a low or no gratuity, I can only assume they would have cursed me under their breath for being a bad tipper and not being accountable for horrible service.
5	First time here and it was delicious . I had the chicken parmesean and I was full I couldn't even finish it .  They give u good size portions and the service is great . Waiting time , 20 min on a sat. Night
