4	This place is cleaner than Lee Lee. In addition, there is an authentic Chinese cafe, Chinese BBQ and Chinese bakery inside the supermarket and their quality is okay. The BBQ session is better than the one in Lee Lee.You can get discount by paying $100 upfront for $110 shopping coupons, that is equivalent to about 10% discount.In addition, this place does sell some luxury food that Lee Lee does not offer.
3	Not as big as Lee Lee's which is good and bad.  For a first time visitor it was much easier to find what I was looking for here at Ranch than I remember it was during my first visit to Lee Lee's.  That being said, Ranch does not have the selection that Lee Lee's does.  Lee Lee's is much closer to me, so I prob. won' t be going here too much.
4	Where else can you find a can of green tea above frozen bull pizzle.This place is pretty awesome!If you are a vegetarian, avoid the back of the store.  Lots of living fish, smelly dead fish, & constant sawing of meat with some kind of power saw.Lots of great looking fresh produce.  Stuff is cheap too!!TONS of Asian sauces & seasonings.A whole isle dedicated to tea.Major plus between May & September - Underground parking!!
4	Maybe I'm sheltered and naive, but this place really seems to have every squid product I can ever want. And bitchin cleavers too. This is definitely my favorite source for slabs of tuna and shark. And durions, if I ever become a gross-ass.Comparisons to LeeLee's seem unavoidable, but I've never had to close my eyes and breathe deeply to alleviate  retarded crowd rage at Ranch Market.  I was a little disappointed there weren't bridge or boat shaped serving dishes. If they had been there, they probably would have also come in squid flavor, and that makes it OK.
3	I could see how this would be a culture shock for people who aren't from Asian extraction or those who haven't been to Asia. Anyway, this place is awesome, stink and all. Every Asian food product I could possibly want I could find at Super L from dragon fruit to Pocky. I really wish Phoenix had a legitimate Chinatown, but the Chinese Cultural Center will have to do.Another two major pluses about this place: the bakery and the boba cafe. Once I moved from LA I thought I'd have to scour high and low to find boba or an Asian-styled bakery. The chiffon cake as well as the bean buns are worth the trip to this place alone.
3	This market is inside the Chinese Cultural Center complex...which consists of what....6,7 businesses?  One thing that made me happy about this market is the bakery/pastry area.  They have interesting flavored bread AND good cakes.  * Location = good, busiest in the complex.*Service = good*Selection = good but it feels like Lee Lee and Mekong has more.At this point my Asian (non-Japanese) market favs are as follows:1.  Mekong Plaza2.  Lee Lee3.  Super L Ranch
5	Now I've lived in AZ my whole life and have never been to the COFCO center, until yesterday!  My boyfriend and I decided that it was a Sushi night and we normally go to AJ's to get Tuna, but we went out on a limb and decided to see if we could get everything we needed at Super L.  Woot woot, very happy with this choice!  This was my 1st time visiting an asian market in AZ, I have no idea why though, I'm still battling that out with muhself.  Naturally we headed straight to the back counter to take a look at their fish quality and selection.  I was immediately disappointed, I was like dang it, now I'm going to have to back track and go to AJs to get our fish.  There is no way that is sashimi grade fish! After roaming around the store, looking for pickeled radish. Which we found in the cooler next to the produce, and there were 5 different packages for them.  I had no idea what to get, but closed my eyes and picked, so I could go on my next hunt.  Soy Sauce, luckily I made fried celery the night before and noticed we were almost out. No good for Sushi night. The Soy sauce aisle is intimidating.  Thanks to Alton Brown we look at the ingredients of every soy sauce bottle making sure there is no benzote(not ss, or whatever in it, so that we are acutally really getting soy sauce...like it matters!  Now on to search for the Seaweed!! Hey!  look up at the signs it says what's down every aisle!  Finally, I see Seaweed at the top, and yell out 12, aisle 12!! Like I'm on super market sweep or something.  Standing at the top of the aisle looking down, thinking this can't be right, I do not see any Nori looking packages down this aisle, I see coolers and Sake!  One last look up at the sign, and there I see, Sushi Fillings!  We both looked at each other and said OH, what's that!??!??!  Fantastic, Fantastic section. We got a packaged of Boiled Eel, Smoked Salmon, Salmon and Tuna.  The best part about it was they were all prepackaged in 1/3 of a lb packages.  I was tempted to get some Roe, I mean there were so many types, and its great with Sushi!  The only thing we forgot to look for was shrimp tempura, we cheat on this and buy the already made ones and put them in the oven.  Sushi is already enough work as it is.  They ALSO had pickeled radish, and we opted for that because it was already cut and in an easier stored package.  Our sushi night was a big success, my boyfriend, the roommates, and I were all satisfied.  We even had some sashimi slices of the tuna and salmon.  I'm definitely going to be going here a lot more often.  We almost cancelled sushi night after seeing the lobsters!  I couldn't believe they had so many types of live fish or even frogs!  Crazy...
4	Ranch Market has a good selection of food from China and other East Asian countries.  This is where I go for okra and seafood to make gumbo.  They've got a large selection of frozen seafood and meat, and a decent selection of fresh.  Lots of produce, though some of it seems a bit less than fresh (I just go here for hard to find veggies, like okra).  This is definitely a great place to pick up rice, soy sauce, and soy beans for cheaper than at a Western grocery.The biggest competitor for this place would probably be Lee-Lee's.  In my experience, this place wins on price.  For those that haven't been to either, this place is stocked primarily with East Asian faire, while Lee-Lee's is focused on East Asia, but has stuff from many other regions of the world.
4	One of the bigger Asian/International food markets in the city, Super L Ranch Market is a great destination for getting hard-to-find Asian produce, meats and poultry (ever try looking for black chicken in your local supemarket?), and frozen and packaged goods. It also has a great bakery -- it's where I get my chiffon cake fix. And if you want a fast Hong Kong style meal, there's Hong Kong Express, a small eatery tucked way in the corner of the supermarket. Since it is in the Chinese Cultural Center, you can plan an entire afternoon there: grocery shopping at the Ranch Market, a meal in one of the restaurants in the complex, shopping for Chinese decorative items and clothing in the stores there, and even consulting a practitioner of Chinese traditional pulse diagnosis at the herbal store (see my review of Healthy Chinese Herbs Co.) if you're into alternative therapies for ailments.
3	I come here when I have craving for red bean buns, chinese sweets, asian pears and persimons.  The fresh produce is very reasonable price.  I just wish more asian market near Avondale.
4	Without having to drive all the way down to Chandler, this is where I go to get my ingredients for all my Vietnamese dishes. You can get all your Asian goodies here, load up on siracha, buy soy sauce by the gallon and all the chicken feet you want. Their produce is not always the best but they are very cheap. I usually get the produce I can't find in normal grocery stores like bitter melon, Chinese broccoli or bok choy. My favorite is that they sell a whole bag of fresh garlic for less than $1. They are lacking in the fresh herbs though so I always have to go to another Asian grocery store to get that.Their bakery always smells so yummy. On the weekends they make Chinese pancakes with either a sweet red bean paste of custard filling for only $0.50 each. Those are yummy.. Also, if you shop later in the day, the baked goods are 50% off after 4 pm.Another favorite about Super L is the in-store diner. They serve wonton noodle bowls and all sorts of rice dishes. It's tucked away in the corner by the roasted duck and chicken display. Great prices too, about $6 for a bowl of wonton noodles. My favorites aisles = ramen noodles, tea and snacks. I reminisce as I stroll down the snack aisle when I see all the cookies and sweets I used to eat as a kid but I usually pick up the wasabi peas or shrimp chips here. Yes... SHRIMP chips! They are amazing, try them but also pic up a pack of gum too, you'll need it.
5	this place is fully stocked with Asian goodies.  Has a very nice produce section, although I'd prefer my Assi in good old Illinois.  But hey...this is one of the very few places to buy Asian groceries out in Arizona...Nice selection of meats and canned items.  They have an asian condiment selection galore...every plum sauce, soy sauce and hosien you can think of in multipel brands!!!!Also has a bakery and bubble tea counter
3	I was on a mission when I stopped in here. I miss my ABQ one stop ethnic food  shop, Talin Market. I was Hopeful that this would finally be the place to find what I needed (mango pulp...typically Indian but I was trying everywhere).I took my time to explore the isles. The bakery was neat, not very big but had a nice selection of sweet treats. The produce section had a great fresh variety of veggies and fruit I know I could only find here. The butcher shop was clean and had a varied selection of meats and fish, including a HUGE tank of live fresh Talapia. This part of the store was the busiest as it was a Friday during Lent (no meat for Catholics) with a predominantly Mexican population ordering up whole or filleted fish cooked right in house to carry out. I know where to come next time I want to get some fresh fish fried up with out the mess. Escaping the crowds I popped out into the deli section of the store where they offer many cooked foods to eat in or carry out and a small liquor/beverage section. I have been to larger more extensive Asian markets but this is the largest I have been to in PHX. While I did not find my Mango Pulp I did leave with a few items and I plan to go back again. Plus I need to come explore the surrounding shops and restaurants within the center here.
3	I was in town on business, and took a slightly different route back to the hotel and saw this market center.  The "Super L Ranch Market" looks suspiciously like a Ranch 99 and while I was checking out, I asked the cashier and she confirmed my suspicion.  They have pretty much all what you would expect from a Chinese grocery store, fruit, snacks, meats, seafood, etc.
5	Yay!!! I needed this in my life.5 stars for your simple existence!!! I've shopped maybe 4 times now in my 4 months here and I'm never disappointed with my finds, service, and the little money that I part with.This market makes Phoenix so much more like home. Not that I'm Asian, but I've lived and traveled there and NYC was my home and Super L is the type of market that I'm accustomed to shopping in. In NYC these markets are the meeting places of the world, filled with Chinese, Koreans, Indians, Ghanaians, Jamaicans.... Ranch L is close to home too so yay again! I literally freak all out in the tea aisle (green tea junkie that I am) and in the produce section (longan, durian).
5	For an ex-pat from San Francisco, this was a huge find.  A big Asian grocery store with a Mexican section?  Dream.  It has a ton of Asian sauces, spices and snacks for great prices.  It also has super cheap produce and a variety of other basics.
4	EVERY time I go to Phoenix, I stop here.  I love the fruit, he food and asian snacks!  I pick up Pocky and Ramune Soda everytime I go here.  There is NOTHING like this in Columbus.  You may get similar stuff at North Market, but not in the quantity or selection you can get here.  Stop here if you are a fan of Asian markets.  Don't be turned off by the smell of fish as there is VERY fresh fish.  Fresh as in still alive! ;-)  If I ever move out here, I will stop here EVERY week.
4	Love this store, best asian grocery in the Phoenix area. You will find all kinds of stuff. There meat department has all fresh meat and seafood. There food court is good, they make the food fresh to order. Everything there is fairly cheap.
5	Ahhh how I love love love this store. I feel like I'm back in Seattle and get get all the Asian goodies I grew up eating. this place is a true gem. I often pick up some new type of noodle, fried goodie or "odd" food that I can't get anywhere else in Phoenix (except maybe Lee Lee's, but I don't wanna drive way the ef out there). I like that I can get some very authentic items to cook with, and really learn about the different cultures. They have a great seafood/meat market and I'm dying to try one of the peking ducks they have hanging in the deli window!! Great store to have in my cooking repoitoire!
4	This is a fabulous market if you are looking for asian products.  The meat department is varied with almost any meat you can think of conventional or not.  The pricing on conventional items such as chicken or steak or short ribs (which was I was looking for) is competitive with your neighborhood supermarket.  The bargains are in the exotic meats such as beef heart, chicken feet (yum in chicken soup!), tripe, cow feet (makes a great soup), etc.  I will tell you that I was impressed with the cleanliness of the meat and fish department.  There was ABSOLUTELY no smell coming from meat market which is unusual.  Most meat depts have some kind of odor.  This speaks to how clean they keep the place.  I just bought a huge bottle of soy sauce for 1.88.  Rice, even brown rice, is dirt cheap.  the produce had some bargains such as ginger for 1.99 a lb.  It's 3 dollars or more in other places.  I didn't give it a 5 star rating because there is no English in the aisle signs so people like me couldn't find everything thereby cutting my shopping short.  I am sure I would have shopped more if I could figure out where everything was.There is small eating establishment in the front but the food in the trays didn't look so fresh when I was shopping there at 7PM.  I saw groups of asians eating there so the food must be good.Give it a try.  It's a fascinating place.
5	I still confuse people when I use the term "Chinatown" in Phoenix. Maybe I'm being premature, but I feel like the Chinese Cultural Center is our version of Chinatown, outside of Chandler anyway which is like Asia v.2.Besides the great restaurants here that everyone knows about, the Ranch Market is a great place to find anything that you can't find at Safeway, or what you can find at Safeway but don't want to pay an obnoxious price for. Example being soy sauce. I've begun to think that $4 for a bottle of house brand soy was normal, but Ranch Market offers it for $1.87... hey thats at least a fair price. They carry an amazing array of sauces, spices, vegetables, and fruits. The tea and noodle selection is fantastic as well. This is also where I go to pick up any cooking wine, vinegar, or sake that I may need. It's a cooks paradise if you do anything Asian. The service here has been, to me, very nice. They are always able to answer my remidal questions like "is this the right fish sauce" or "what the hell is a galupity gackin." If you're here on a Sunday, there is a kid who makes Chinese Pancakes for 50 cents. They are little two layer pancakes with custard in the middle and I honestly can't say how I made it 26 years without knowing about them. AMAZING!
5	Great market for picking up asian foods.  I used to come by here once a month or so and grab some stuff to cook that you can't get at safeway or frys.  They also have live seafood, which I don't see much anymore.  Great selection of different asian liquors and sakes also.  Great place.
3	This supermarket was clean and organized. We bought some bread and other grocery items and wanted to pay for everything at the bakery. Well, we found out we had to pay separately which was bakery items at the bakery and the groceries at the front registers.
5	HOLY CRAP THEY HAVE FROZEN XIAOLONGBAO.  :)These delicious little bites of porky, soupy dumpling heaven have eluded me since I first tasted them in Shanghai - my husband and I have been on the lookout for XLB in Phoenix ever since.  While the search for a restaraunt that serves them continues; we can at least satisfy our cravings with the frozen options from Ranch Market.  I made these from scratch one day and they're a pain in the ass.  Seriously, manna from heaven folks....
3	They have a take out deli inside, somehow all the food they have doesn't look appetizing except BBQ pork, $7.99/lb. A little pricey but I bought some, it was pretty good.
4	The S.O. and I have been learning to cook Asian foods. We Where not having much luck finding the correct ingredients. So to Yelp we went. Sure'nuf we had been missing out. This Place has all of the ingredients we need. This has helped us to make some of the best stir-fry and soups ever. We can now find the authentic ingredients; veggies, fish, meat, noodles and fungus.They usually have several variations of each item in the dry goods. There are probably 10 different soy sauces. They have hard to find items like tripe, intestines, rattlesnake and live crabs. The prices for the meat is very reasonable,the sauces are also very reasonably priced. I really have nothing else to compare the price of the other items to. If you have been thinking about making your own sushi. this place has every thing to make your own sushi. This store is now on our grocery list regularly.
4	The Super L Ranch Market is an example of a clean, well-stocked Asian grocery store.  The prices seem to be about the same as the other Asian grocers in the Phoenix area and their selections are fresh and well-rounded.  I tend to buy my veggies and meats at Asian grocery stores and stop by this one when I'm in the area.I also really like the take-out from the Hong Kong Express restaurant that's located in this grocery store, on the right side.Might see ya here!
2	Moderately dirty, smelly, but not to the point of nausea, service is almost nonexistent, but, when cornered, the salespeople are not hostile. I would give it a solid '3' for its selection  being better that at Safeway, but worse than at Lee Lee, if not for absolutely the worst roast duck I ever had the misfortune to taste, or to smell.
3	Beware of the deli when you order a whole cooked chicken to go. The male person who waited on us took the chicken to the back kitchen to cut and box instead of in the front as usually done. When we returned home, we found that the drumsticks and thighs were missing. This is really poor business practice especially if you want return customers. We intend to talk to the manager the next time we are in the neighborhood. The chicken was good but this really gives us a bad taste for the place. We have been there before and never had this happen.
4	Great pastry selection.  Clean.  Produce is okay in selection. Meat and seafood has good variety. If you want exotic foods, Lee Lee has bigger and better choices.  I go here because proximity.  You can buy "prepaid" dollars and you get 10% off at the counter, but it is not advertised. At least not in English.  I don't know why they call themselves "Super" L Ranch Market, when it is not all that big.  The Take-out Hong Kong Express is convenient too.
4	What a cool grocery store! It's very clean, they have everything you need for your home made pad-thai night; it's just a great ethnic food store. I even found some cute porcelain teapots for only 10 bucks and an awesome bamboo cutting board for 8! The seafood department looked very good....nice looking seabass the day I went (and for a few bucks cheaper then you would pay anywhere else) I didn't get to check out the produce department, but look forward to exploring more next time....Mekong is closer to me and I feel just as good an ethnic grocery store as this one, so, I wouldn't really go out of my way to come here for my everyday ethnic shopping, but it would be a fun trip to check out the rest of the Chinese Cultural Center along with stopping in this market.
2	Lame. Mekong Supermarket is waaaaaaay better. Better stocked, better variety. The only thing Super L has that Mekong doesn't have is an in-house bakery and cafeteria. But you can find those (a better bakery AND a food court) within Mekong Plaza.
4	I bought a rice noodle stir fry today at Taiwanese deli, I don't know the difference among Chinese, Cantonese, Hong Kong and Taiwanese food but it was good. Next time I like to try pot stickers and/or Pad Thai. The store looks much cleaner and neat today. Again, I love the bakery shop.
4	Cute chinese pancake vendor outside, delicious looking americanized pastries at the bakery, a quick fast food section like the other ranch markets but asian, and great produce/prepared foods at good prices. No indian section like Asiana market, but I am definitely a fan...now to learn Chinese so I can understand labels
2	This is a review of the cafe within this market.This cafe specializes in numerous Asian dishes.  They have cooked ducks hanging in a display case.  They feature drinks with boba and taro.  A lot of the signs are written in Chinese.  It appears to be fairly authentic.  That said, it didn't look like anything I had when I was in Taiwan.  My wife got a beef-noodle soup.  She seemed to like it.  Our daughter got a chopped beef and rice dish.  It was very fatty.I don't really like this place.  My wife thinks it is OK, mostly I think because of the drinks (made with taro, melon, boba, and other similar items).  There is no waiter service.  Food usually comes out within 10 minutes.  Not very expensive.I won't recommend this place.  But if you want some Asian food on the cheap, and aren't too picky about fat, you might like it.  Or find it is adequate.The market itself is a good Asian market with many authentic items from several countries.  But I'll review that another time.
4	The best place in Phoenix for Asian food.  That's pretty sad considering the way better choices in other cities.
3	I'm not big on much of anything Asian but was in the area so I thought I'd stop in.The place is big and clean which seems to make it atypical of many ethnic grocery stores. They seem to have a good selection of stuff including all sorts of seafood and some produce you don't generally see at your local grocery store.Best part of my trip here was when my 3 year old said "that duck doesn't have a face" in reference to the duck in the cafe. Poor duck kinda looked like it had been plucked, lynched and thrown in an oven for too long. Not sure what that means but it doesn't sound good.The back of the store brought the funk like George Clinton and the place somehow coaxed a cough out of me that persisted throughout my entire 20 or 30 minutes there. Funny how my cough subsided upon leaving. I won't be going back but if you're into the Asian stuff you should probably check this joint out.
3	I love me some asian markets! Why? Because I am half Asian Duh! You get over the smell after a couple years practically growing up going to them your whole life.  What I love about this place is the bakery selection. I still did not see my ensymada cakes with ube or macapuno in them but they had red bean bread(SOLD!) and different flavored mochi etc etc etc. The produce looked kinda weird but the Philippine champagne mangoes looked on point almost bought a case but I cannot eat a whole box to myself. The prices are somewhat steep compared to Lee Lees so i think i will have to stick with lee lees since they give you 10% off every day.I am all about a good deal and lee lees has those.
4	A great place to shop for Asian foods. My wife is from Thailand and I like both Thai and Chinese food a lot. This place is one of the few places in the Valley you can buy authentic items from Thailand, China, Taiwan, Japan, and other Asian countries. They have a really nice selection of sauces and spices. In the past I've poked around the grounds as well. They have other shops surrounding the market where you can buy "Asian-related" items such as furniture or DVDs. The Chinese Cultural Center is worth a visit while you are there. And there are some nice pagodas and statues to check out as well in the park. It's a nice way to spend a hour or so shopping and walking around on a weekend afternoon.Also, they have a little cafeteria inside the market in the back corner to your right as you enter the market. The Chinese food was OK, but the freshly made green tea was very impressive tasting! They have a fresh bakery onsite too which is cool, but steer clear of the dumplings here unless you like paying $1.50 for a mini sized Vienna sausage surrounded by bread!
1	Monday I went to Super L Ranchmart COFCO center on 44th st, my thought was that I would buy some salmon and fresh produce for dinner.  I had not been to this store for about 4 years until today.  I have to begin by just saying that the service was awful, not once did anyone greet me or ask to help me.  The employees act as if they don't want to be there and that they are going out of their way. I also felt like the store was dirty and neglected.I was so disappointed in the produce section.  There was a limited supply of produce and the shelves were messing and unkept, I picked out some mushrooms but after looking them over they appeared old and tired. The entire store looked very neglected as if no one really cares about it.I then went to the fish market and waited with about 11 other people for help with my fish selection.  There were two employees, neither acted like they wanted to be there.  No one waiting was ever greeted or treated with much respect, no one stopped and apologized for the long wait.   Again the selection was meager, the salmon looked a day or two old and had a dull coloration. The fresh fish looked very unappetizing to me.  I thought about some fresh crab or lobster but the tank looked dirty and neglected too.  After waiting for about 10 minutes, I turned around and left the store.  There are many choices in the Valley for fresh sea food. I won't be back to that store at least not any time soon.
3	Nice Asian store. Smaller than Lee Lees, but just as good. The meat selection is great, but the produce is a bit off for the most part. Still, it did have a few items I've not seen before, but it would help to have some signs in English like Lee Lees does. I will shop here again, simply because of the bakery. It had a wonderful selection.
5	I work right across the street so its easy to go for lunch. I usually eat the hot deli area(The buffet looking) not the "ready to order" (which ill mention as well). Anyways, After 7:30 pm its $2 for two diff foods, rice/fried rice/ noodles and bowl of soup(Hot and sour or Egg drop) lunch plate special. I go very often so the supervisor and most of the worker know me by now and "Hook it up" lol but I stick mainly to orange chicken(when its crispy),beef and broccolli , curry chicken and potatoes(when it was actual bone in chicken) and sweet sour pork(again when crispy looking). All of those choices are best tasting and better looking, plus just reheat 30 secs in the microwave for a "fresher taste". The steam rice is good, fried rice is ok and lo mein noodles are a little oily so that why i stick to the steam rice. Now the Soups are really good too, the egg drop actually has egg and tons of it but my favorite is the hot and sour soup which tastes like tamarind which i like with some tofu. Also their Egg rolls are the shit!! I dont like egg rolls but these are really good and crispy plus the sauce that comes with it is great as well.I occasionally have Boba(Bubble tea) when im tired for quick pick me up and I ussually get the original or mango which is my fav. Its satisfies my craving for sweet and thirst at the same time, all in all its really good stuff.Now the ready to order menu is expansive but ill tell ya my favorites which the manager loves as well.I have the sweet rice w/ chinese sausage but I tell them to add curry sauce to the mix , it tastes amazing with it!!! I also have the beef pasta cake which is nothing like it sounds, think of an empanada with mince meat inside but softer and crispier shell, its a great starter. I just recently had the Beef noodle soup with egg noodles instead of the traditional and it was great. It was hot , temperature wise and spicy, flavor wise. Very filling and none of the flavors were overpowering. All in all its a great store with friendly deli people.Lastly just wanted to add since im latino and have had "JUMEX" all my life, they have a great selection of can juice of mango and guava from hawaii and philipines which a lady said make the best juice. I was not dissapointed at all. Very flavorful and nutritious. Also, the bakery is really great too, I have had the coconut custard which looks like a white "flan" but its delicious and also the meat/sweet buns are great as well.
4	This is your typical asian market. They have pretty much anything asian you need for cooking and the customer service is pretty good. They have hot food ready to eat (where you can even get a whole duck) and a bakery that smells great. They also have fresh fish and free frying, so I like to get a huge fried tilapia for about 4 dollars! It could probably feed 3 or 4 people. The staff is very nice but cannot speak english too well but they really try which is what matters. The guys behind the fresh meat and fish counter are hispanic and don't speak too well and the rest of the staff is asian and can't speak either. But that's typical and not a big deal. I live in Scottsdale so this is the closest asian market to me and I'm happy with what they offer. I will definitely be returning many times over.
5	When I was a young'n I would play video games at a grocery store located in the barrio of mid central Phoenix. The location was such that it was visible to find many decent aspects about the center. Sunland neighborhood grocery store was not in fact a thriving grocery store. Its owners were from the Asian Pacific Coast.
4	We went here last night to pick up some Pho ingredients and I was impressed with the experience.  The prices were extremely reasonable and the employees are very friendly.  They have all the departments you'd expect in a standard grocery store: bakery, produce, fresh meat and seafood, a large live seafood area too, frozen foods, dairy, and dry goods and home sundries.  They also have a small, cafe with various Chinese take away options (you can also eat in), and an admirable selection of sake, import beers and wines.   Now while they have all the standard grocery store departments, this one is different in that they don't really carry any of the tried and true brands that Americans are so familiar with like Kraft, General Mills, etc..  Here you are faced with a dizzying array of imported, ready to eat items that run the gamut from extremely poorly labeled 'mystery items' to easily identifiable foods in bilingual packaging.  It's nice that everything is so reasonably priced here that you can easily afford to be adventurous and try out some different foods. The only real drawbacks that I noticed in the store are that the aisle signage is all in Chinese, which isn't a problem if you happen to speak it, but makes it very tedious if you only want to find a few things.  In that case, you are pretty much forced to walk up and down each aisle in search of the items you need.  I guess doing that makes it more of an adventure, but I'm guessing it could be annoying if you are really pressed for time.  The store also seemed a bit cluttered and a bit dingy around the edges, but to be fair, it looks like every other Asian grocery store I've ever seen.The employees we encountered were all very friendly and they seemed to go out of their way to smile at us and coo at our baby daughter.  At no point did I feel like the lone White girl who was way out of her element.  In the past I have ventured into certain ethnic establishments where I can just feel the proprietor and other shopper's eyes on me as they wonder what the hell I was thinking coming in there, which definitely is not a good feeling.  *In fact, it makes you feel about as welcomed as a turd in a punch bowl.  *Interestingly, that's the second time I've used that phrase on Yelp this week.  I'll let you fellow Yelpers wonder exactly where, what (and who) I was referring to in my last usage of that term...  ;-)
5	Update: After shopping here for nearly 4 years, I can honestly say I'm still as pleased as ever. The prices are fair, the quality of goods is high and the service keeps me coming back. This has become, by far, my favorite local market. It's always clean and well organized, which is a big plus for someone like me who can get lost in the grocery store, haha. The bakery has gotten even better as time has passed. I don't think a single day goes by where I don't eat one of their delicious buns in the morning. :D
5	I ran in here to get some jasmine rice, beef Pho seasoning and a refill of Jubes Nata De Coco yesterday.  I was disappointed to discover that they only had coconut flavored Jubes, no mango or strawberry ones but that's okay, my toddler devoured them within minutes anyway.  They're DELICIOUS and so fun to eat!!The store was more crowded than I had ever seen which is great for them.  Also my cashier was very friendly, and despite how crowded the store was, there was zero wait to check out.  The total damage for my stuff was about $16, which wasn't too bad for the size bag of jasmine rice that I got.  There was a vendor selling Chinese pancakes for (I think) 75 cents each, right at the front of the store, and I've never had one so I would have been curious to try one, but I was too pressed for time to wait and only noticed it as I was leaving.   Maybe I'll get a chance to try it next time!PS:  And I finally noticed the signs over the store aisles are printed in English on one side and Chinese on the other side.  I definitely didn't notice that in my last review... (Doh!)
4	One of the better Asian grocery store that I had been to any where between New York to SF China Town, pretty clean and its not like the old smelly grocery store on 22nd street in Tucson. I think they have much better selection than Lee Lee and have a very cheap and delicious fast food section that serve traditional Chinese Deli food. The best part of this place is they have a Taiwanese style bakery that makes yummy fresh goody daily. Its a most pit-stop every time I go to Phoenix.
4	After just moving here from LA, I really miss the 99 Ranch back home so I was on a search for a good place.  B/c I am in Anthem right now and work in downtown, my friends recommended Asiana b/c of distance.  It was ok. Not a huge variety b/c they are good about trying to have food from a lot of dif. ethnicities including European.  That and things seem to be a bit older.  So I was a bit disappointed but hey, at least it was something.  Then a friend told me about Super L Ranch!  OMG, 10 times better!!  Still not 99 Ranch but hey, I will take this one.  Actually, they are a LOT cleaner than 99 Ranch.  I found almost all of the things I crave and miss most from home so I love this.  And the prices seem comparable.They have a great meat and fish section.  Fresh fish cooked and cleaned how you want it.Some people commented that the staff was rude.  I never saw any of that.  The butcher was really nice and spoke English.  The cashiers were pleasant.They do have a small take out place/deli where they do have the hanging chicken and ducks, cha siu (bbq pork) and even the crispy pork.  The princess chicken is like the steamed chicken I am used to.  Not exact but I'm not going to be picky.  They also have a small bakery where you can get the sweets and even baos.I haven't tried Lee Lee's or the other grocery store that were recommended b/c of distance but will have to.
4	Many shelf items are expired, so be sure to check expiration dates.  The live fish tanks sometimes have dead fish floating in there, so would not recommend getting a live fish from that tank.  The pre-cooked lobster is pretty good, but it's kept in the same freezer area as uncooked seafood, so you'll probably want to steam it to a temperature good enough to kill any bacteria.  They don't like pictures taken in the store and mini restaurant. This may be due to county health inspections or something like that.if you shop at the market often, buy $100 in gift certificates and you get 10% extra in gift certificates.
4	Massive selection of Asian products. Be sure to check expiration/shelf dates on products as you can easily find past due dates (even though that's only the shelf date, not use by date necessarily).  They prohibit photos taken in the store, probably paranoid you may report to Maricopa County Food/Health Inspectors.http://maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=biznameSubmit&BName=SUPER%20L%20RANCH%20MARKET&StNum=&StDir=&StName=&City=&Zip=&inspectionType=FThey used to have some bad inspection results, but the more recent inspections have not found violations.  They don't participate in the Grade rating system.The raw fish is pretty good here. I think I got sick on it once with cramps that lasted a week long.  Now, I will sear any raw fish to kill any external bacteria (in addition to washing thoroughly).Their vegetable selection is great and fresh.  Prices are very good.  You can buy gift certificates.  If you buy $100, you get an extra $10 in gift certificates. Nice.The small Panda-like restaurant is okay. Selection used to be very diverse and changed often, now it's like Panda, same selections each week.The custom-ordering side is okay. I think many of the items are pre-cooked and just warmed up when ordered.
4	I went looking for frozen bags of edamame and sweet rice, coconut milk and ripe mango to make a sticky rice dessert. I found everything at Super L Ranch Market. I'll be back!
5	This place is awesome I really wish we had a place like this back in Albuquerque. They had a huge seafood and meat selection with fresh live seafood even frogs! Plus a ton of hard to find chineese products.
4	YAY! I was so happy there was an Asian market SO close to my house. Everyone is very nice and helpful and they had some great samples.  Loved how they had little eateries for lunch or dessert there too.The meats looked really nice and I was impressed with their seafood. The pancakes in the front -YUM little bit of a treat for $0.75.Will definitely be going here more often!
1	Had the seafood butcher cut up a fish head for me at 7:50pm. Got home, realized he sold me fish that was already going bad...  Returned it and the customer service lady said it was the hot summer weather that caused a bunch of the fish to go bad and smell. If she knew that and if the guy in the back could smell the fish, i have no idea why they were still selling it...  I didn't want to get into an argument but I was going to tell her "the temperature on the outside of the refrigerator has no relation to the temperature inside of the fridge."
2	i came looking for what I thought were standard items in larger Asian grocery stores and was disappointed.  Mekong and Lee Lee on Dobson have much larger selections (vegetables/herbs/meats/seafood) at cheaper prices. Too bad because I live so close to Super L.  Maybe I'd come back if I wanted some Peking Duck or Roasted Pork from the deli.
5	I love all of the vegetarian jerky and miso! Great selection and amazing bakery. Love the coffee pudding and all of the cakes are so delicate and not decadent which I like. I enjoy the almond cream horn! Also try the jubes and canned roasted eel! Mmm! Great place to get special oriental ingredients. Don't go to the regular grocery store because it's cheaper to get them here!
4	This place is my go-to for meat I'm throwing in a crockpot (usually pork shoulder/butt)!  $1.79 (approx) per lb for boneless pork shoulder.  Yes, please!  Closer than driving to Phoenix Ranch off 16th and a lot quicker to get in and out of.  Lots of Asian items - from rice noodles (dried or in the fridge) to fresh vegetables.  I occasionally make a stop here for fortune cookies - J likes them, a lot!  So until I decide to try my hand at making them myself, Super L is where I get them from.  :)
4	Super L is great, I really love a ton of their amenities. Unfortunately, it is an Asian Food City. That's OK though, I can dig an Asian Food City. Let me explain this spot.~The Good~The vegetable selection is out of this world. So many varieties, its hard to list them all. They offer Kabocha (Japanese Pumpkin) at the lowest prices in the valley. LOVE IT! So many different cabbages, and so on...I could go on and on. The meat selection looks good as well, especially the seafood, which has a ton of different fishes. The sake and Asian wine selections is also really cool, right above the frozen food beds filled with yummy frozen seafood.  The noodle and rice section, as expected, is overwhelming and filled with great choices. The sauces section is also huge, you forget sometimes how many sauces are featured in Asian cooking. Finally, I do not eat any baked goods normally, but the bakery looks really good. If I did eat treats on a normal basis, I'd come here.~The Bad~With the good comes the bad, especially the unsightly open tanks filled with the fish and seafood. It smells "interesting" in the meat/seafood section, hence the reason I usually do not get anything there. The fish are almost always sold whole....I prefer pre-cut, personally. I also do have a hard time with the sheer enormity of all the goods, most of them without much descriptions. I really have to do my homework either WHILE shopping or BEFORE shopping, or I will be buying something I have no clue about. It is an adventure, shopping here, nonetheless.~The Down Low~This place really is a 3.5 out of 5. 2 stars go out for the sheer amount of specialty Asian foods to select from, and another for the sake/beer selection....more than anywhere else in the valley. A 1/2 star goes out to the seafood selection, omitting some stars for the previously discussed issues I have with the meat/seafood section. Come here for anything food-wise you could want from Asia...just expect a wild trip going through the aisles, and remember to come prepared!
1	I was very disappointed when I was charged x3 of what was on the shelf price. Both the register & customer service told me the price was upside down which means it's not the right price, that's their system. Told her I don't see a sign telling customers that's what "upside down" prices meant.  She kept insisting its "thier" system. I explained to her, as a customer, I don't know that "system". There's nothing in the store that explains that & a misadvertisement. I lost respect for this store. I've religiously been shopping here for years too.
5	If you ever have been back east -- new york or dc area. this is home Well a larger version of the shops we would go to. So many different food items. I normally go here for my bo ssam lettuce wraps they have such a variance of meats not normally found in even some other places. Produce selection is amazing. There is also some really good restaurants just to the side of the store, on the left hand side a little ways down.
5	I am back to this market to buy some ethnic products and specifically to buy ginger.  Ginger is super expensive everywhere else.  It was priced in the $2 range.  Good buy.  I found the supermarket to be cleaner than I have ever seen it (or smelled it --LOL)  Considering they sell fish and meats, the air smelled clean.  Did they Fabreze the supermarket.  Other asian supermarkets have the smell factor.  This one did not and they had great specials today.  Try this market, you won't regret it.
4	Are you looking for a Asian/international food? well this is the place. This Ranch Market is one of a kind (Asian version) which is great. There so many selections of Asian produce and endless variety of dry food. It's a great place to shop if you know what you are looking for but if not you can go on and on without having any idea what you are looking at. They carry many type of rice and also have imported beers. They also have seafood and mini bakery with good price. This got to be the biggest Asian market in town. If you are up for something new to try you can come and get some pretty unusually stuff we don't normally find here in the states, what I mean is pepsi flavored cheetos, green tea kit kat bar, coconut flavored sunflower seeds and many more for me to discover next time I am here. Recommended and worth the time to check it out.
4	Sushi party tonight!Sushi party tonight!Sushi party tonight!Sushi party tonight!We're gonna have a Sushi party tonight!Alright!We're gonna have a Sushi party alright!Tonight!We've got nothing better to doThan eat sushi and have a couple of brewsAll our friends are gonna hang out here tonightAlright![Apologies to Black Flag]So I had packed my Yanagiba knife and was ready to be a sushi ninja for the night. All I needed was some fresh fish for the night. I remembered 99 Ranch Market used to always be the place to go for that so that night I made it a destination because it was more or less exactly halfway between home and the party. It's actually called Super L Ranch Market now but it's still pretty much the same store. I just hadn't been there in ages. Pretty good selection of all sorts of Asian variants of alcohol. I ended up grabbing a bunch of the Chinese beer in green buddha shaped bottles. I also grabbed some tuna and hamachi and all the salmon they had. Also some avocado and surimi imitation crab for the californication rolls. I call it that because the first batch we made were pretty amateurish out of shape rolls done by sushi noobs that had some of that buddha beer. Got better as the night wore on. The salmon was the standout I must say. Need to stop by again sometime just for that. Parking is plentiful as it's in the COFCO Chinese Cultural Center. There's even a dining area within the store in you get hungry. Check it out!
4	Pretty sure, this is one of the closest Asian/Oriental markets closest to me and love the fact that they carry a variety of items and much more. I have found that it's difficult to find many Asian restaurants/markets and am thrilled to have found this on.From produce, seafood, meat, snacks, sauces, bakery, drinks (non-alcoholic and alcoholic) to Asian staples Super L Ranch Market has it all. There is a good mix of Vietnamese, Chinese, Filipino, Taiwanese and Indian to name the predominant good they carry here. Though it does contain that signature Asian market smell, don't let it ward you off. The store is big, has a warehouse feel, has good sales if you manage to catch them at the right time and checking out is really fast. The cashiers/staff working here are very helpful and friendly, making me feel just like family whenever I shop here!
1	I was here on a Friday night pick up something for dinner and stock up on my Asian stuff.  It was hot in the store.  NO AC?  What the heck?  I found the noodles, tofu, etc. When I got home I was going to make fried tofu with beef.  I was so freaked when the package had mole all over it.  EKKKK.....
1	Super L has some ridiculous pricing.The skinnyAnytime I need something quick I usually travel here by foot as I feel it a waste of gas to travel half a mile while convenient this place has some outrages pricing. I don't normally get my regular shopping items here but I found myself in a pickle when I had some friends over and needed some chips and dip I walk over to my friendly super L to my surprise it's 4$ for a med bag of Doritos and dip was close to 7$ and had about half an inch of dust on it. Am I at a bodega? Am I at circle k? God no even they would tax you on chips this crazy. I chose not to buy anything, I go in today thinking what's the worse they can charge for a 2 liter I go to coke section and was shocked to see a special sign next to them where the cost was 2 for 5$ wow again I walk out now I'm just going to avoid this place unless I need something specific I can't find anywhere else IE shrimp chips. I'm sure I'm paying double what the cost is for them but I can't find them anywhere so oh well.
4	Great store have all the food and water needed.No comment
4	This is a great store because they carry all kinds of natural and organic products that most grocery stores don't carry. The only thing that keeps me from rating this location "exceptional" is the small parking lot.
4	3 Tofu packs for 5.04 $ Brand Name - International Tofu. Watermelon .39 cents per lb.
