4	U.S Egg recently opened in the space where "Blue Plate Brunchery" had been....  Same menu as their other locations.  We had the Veggie Benedict, Breakfast Burrito, Biscuits and gravy, and the fruit platter...they have just opened but everythign was good and the service was attentive.Only complaint was that teh potatoes were undercooked, but I am not a big fan so it was no biggie...
2	Went there this last Friday, as that's my "breakfast out" morning.   Thought I'd give it a try.   The former restaurant (Blue Plate Brunchery) in this location was just "ok."    This isn't much better.    Eggs were ok, and it's hard to blow it on toast, but the bacon was so overdone that I thought it had to have been sitting under a warmer for quite awhile, and the potatoes were dry and I think "out of a bag" from some frozen pre-cut brand.    The plates are WAY too small, and everytime you tried to get a fork-full of potatoes they slid off the plate.    Coffee was burnt - tasted worse then the overcooked Starbucks brand.    Back to Village Inn for me.
3	This place is alright.  There's really nothing remarkable to say about it other than when I asked for a Diet Coke to drink, the girl gave me two glasses and kept them constantly full.  When we came in, it was pretty busy and we were quoted a short 10-15 minutes.  We waited for a bit until we heard that the "bar" was open so we made ourselves comfortable there.  The menu is really big and honestly, too hard for me to look at.  The print is pretty small.  I decided to keep it simple since pretty much everything on the menu seemed to have stuff I don't like in it.  I chose the Belgian (not Belgium people!) waffle with a side of bacon.  The waffle was okay.  It was filling and tasty, but it was lacking that crisp exterior that makes these big waffles so good.  The bacon was a little overcooked for my taste, but not bad.I probably wouldn't come back unless we were absolutely starving and happened to be in this area because places like this are pretty much a dime a dozen.
3	So I've been wanting to go to US Egg for a while but with it being so far out of the way, I just never made it.  We happened upon this one last week so when the weekend rolled around, I knew we'd be visiting.  Now I have seen this shopping center change so many times over the years.  The old movie theater, the indoor mini golf, and now a giant Super Target and a bunch of other weird stuff.  It's a pretty awesome location though, all things considered.The quoted 15min wait turned into a 5 minute wait since the bar opened up.  Our waitress was awesome and brought my wife two sodas so that she never went empty.  My OJ wasn't bad either so we were off to a good start.I ordered the Half-&-Half which is supposed to be two small protein pancakes and a skillet meal.  I ordered the Cajun skillet to go with my pancakes and, I gotta say, I was not impressed.  The pancakes were pretty good.  I really liked them but there was no way I could eat a whole order of them.  The skillet, however, was just terrible.  There was no spice, no real flavor other than wet veggies.  I hate when that runny tomato juice flavor ruins everything and that's exactly what happened here.  It was just not good.  Had I stopped with the pancakes, this would have been a 4 star review but that skillet was just bad.I'd probably go back and order something more simple (like French toast) next time, but that skillet was just bad bad bad.
5	Starting a day of errands and shopping.. started remembering I had not eaten and needing some caffeine.. I see US Egg in my peripherial.. next stop.. a booth with a awesome waitress remineniscent of my grandmother named Sue.. Seriously if the food had truly sucked.. which it didnt , she rated a 5.. and thats just hard to achieve today in our country.. I got the protein pancakes.. Sue told me she felt thatd be too much for me.. so she split the order.. good call.. I ate only half the half order.. I loved them! Awesome coffee.. and a side of fruit.. she took my pot of coffee.. poured it into the to go cup.. fresh cream and thats it.. Im ready for errand running and jean shopping..Way to go:=)
5	Fantastic!  Same great food service as Tempe.  This location is only a few miles from my house.
3	Need someplace to get a bite to eat  and  like a plain breakfast? Well US Egg is probably your spot.  This place has the makings of  a good little restaurant but it falls short of making any outstanding items not to mention the decor falls flat as well.Let me take you back many moons to a era when ASU kids would go to US Egg on Mill  after a night of fun . I was one of those kids  and I loved their omelet and biscuits at that time. They had a cutesy americana vibe and I thought I was pretty cool hanging there.So when I saw a US Egg near my  hood I thought it would be great to take Mom and give it a try.  I immediately was bugged by the decor , it is americana gone wrong and cheap ..I have so many ideas to fix up the place Mom and I brain stormed all the possibilities , first we would throw out the plastic tropical plants throughout the joint, this is about kitschy not  an aquarium . We would take out the cheap blue cloth booth seats and hard wooden uninspired chairs for red Naugahyde and  chrome stools .Give it a bunch of fun metal signs and some whimsical tablecloths and we might love it! We will let you keep the yellow walls  and big black and white pics. Now for the food  my low carb omelet  was so bored I heard it  whining about nothing to do..  It was called the Dan Marjerle ,who I thought was exciting back in the day , but his poor omelet seemed to lack seasoning or creativity . Slices of avocado don't make you unique.  Daughter liked her humongous hang off the plate whole wheat pancakes , so that was nice. Of course she loves whole loaves of plain bread so consider that. Grandma though her Patty Melt was quite tasty and it did look good, served on a dark rye bread it looked not so bad. But I didn't see or smell anything earthshaking. Can you go wrong with cheese , a patty and onions ?Service was  pretty good considering it was lunch time. I liked that they brought pitchers of beverages not just a cup. Waitress was nice and easily and quickly  met our requests. The host remembered my name and went out of his was to say goodbye ,also a nice touch.i want to say I found a great little place with unique breakfasts  but as you know I never lie...
3	There is nothing like the power pancakes!!
4	Service: Very good. Both times I've been here we were promptly seated and constantly checked on. If you order a water or iced tea they bring you a glass and leave the pitcher! For sodas they bring two! The food also came out very quickly.Food: Very good. I've had the signature protein pancakes and the choco-nana (I think) pancakes. The former are good; The flavor reminds me of granola. The later was fantastic and will probably lead to an early death. It is chocolate chip and banana pancakes with a big ball of vanilla ice cream and chocolate syrup on top. Fantastic. All the portions are HUGE so come hungry.Price: Reasonable. You definitely get what you pay for, and some.Appearance/Location: Let's be honest, the place isn't going to win any style awards, but it is open, bright, and clean. I don't go to restaurants to look at wall art anyway. It is in a great location with a lot of other food and shopping.Bottom Line: A great joint for breakfast with tons of great food. I'll be back.
4	I still say nothing beats Matt's Big Breakfast downtown, but when one doesn't want to wait an hour plus to get seated, there has to be a contingency plan.  U.S. Egg is a great option!I don't know what's better at this place: the food or the service.  We've always been seated within seconds of walking in, and our servers have been prompt to take our drink and food orders without making us feel rushed.  Another bonus: order iced tea and they bring a whole pitcher of tea out with your first glass!  Order soda and they'll bring two glasses to start, always replacing one when it runs dry.  Water glasses and a water pitcher are brought without being asked, which is nice.Servers seem well-versed in the menu, and are always happy to make a recommendation or chat about the food if asked.  The first time I came here, I got a skillet, and our server rightfully warned me that it was a LOT of food.  I could barely finish half.  It would be a great dish to share if two people were in the mood to eat the same thing.  On the second visit I decided to mix it up a bit, and I got a pancake plate with eggs and potatoes.Eggs and potatoes were pretty basic.  They were seasoned well, but certainly not the best I've ever had.  The pancakes, however...Get the protein pancakes.  I can't emphasize that enough.  Whole wheat pancake batter, granola, almonds, blueberries, cinnamon...these are absolutely divine.  Apparently they now make a protein waffle (that will be my next culinary adventure here), which sounds equally as amazing.Decor is kitschy, but in a good way.  It feels like you stepped back in time to the 70s.  Honestly, I'm not one to shave points off a rating just because the restaurant is less than aesthetically pleasing, but I don't have the problem with the decor that other reviewers seem to have.  Maybe my kitsch tolerance is much higher than theirs.U.S. Egg also has a lunch menu as they're open until the early afternoon, but it's not as tempting as the breakfast menu.  Service staff seems happy to let you sit and chat for a while after you're done with your food, which I've found to be most gratifying.  Prices are great, especially for the amount of food that you get.  I'm happy to go here again and again.
5	I am so in love with this restaurant! I have yet to order anything, or see anyone order anything, that looks disappointing. Above all, please make sure you try the protein pancakes! They are whole wheat pancakes with granola, brown sugar, blueberries, and almonds inside. It is an amazing burst of flavor over and over again. My advice: get the full order to share... or order the "half and half" which is a smaller portion of the pancakes with an sort of small skillet bake. This place is chill, welcoming, friendly, and absolutely delicious. I take all of my guests here to show off the great breakfast food in the valley.
1	Here's how our first time at US Egg went: Greeted with an attitude, Burnt toast, microwaved sausage, greasy potatoes, slow service....We won't be back
3	We have been hitting this place up quite a bit after our Sunday Church sessions. Honestly, if there was a cheaper alternative closer, we would probably go there, I don't have any complaints about the service or the food, but the pricing for what you get does not stack up. It's about $9 average per place, I am always really full and hardly ever finish my plate but it really hits the pocket after two plates, and two coffees. So I'd say until the prices drop a little, this place is just average.
2	US Egg located on Greenway.  The service was good, no complaints there.  I ordered the Durango breakfast burrito.  It was delivered in a 'gravy boat.'  I soon realized why, it was soupy.  The wrap was wet and laying in water.  The taste was okay but, nothing over the top.When you walk into a breakfast place at 7AM on a Saturday morning and you're one of the few people there, it's a sign...
3	In an attempt to branch out on our Sunday afternoon breakfasts my peeps and I decided to eat here. I was the only first timer. It was ok, but pretty expensive, $15, for what it was. I ordered the Arizona Fritatta. Lots of veggies in an omelet with cheese, sour cream, and salsa served with potatoes and an english muffin. The fritatta was nice, the potatoes were horrible, no flavor and cold. The service left a bit to be desired. We had to ask a random busser to bring us ketchup, jam, and syrup. I'd give them another shot, but it was just ok.
5	I eat at this place at least once a week! Love the protein pancakes. They give you a ton of food as well. Onwers always there and never to busy to come say hello.
4	There is really no great places to eat breakfast in Phoenix for what I like - which are breakfast burritos.  I had the breakfast burrito at U.S. Egg - and it was good, but I would have to advise them to make it a tad different, maybe with more green chili.  However, I really do like this place.  It's next door to me.  When I walk in - I am greeted by this lovely hostess (who was wearing a birthday hat) and another nice guy who must be the owner/manager.  They typically hand me a menu and I venture over to the counter.  I always eat there alone.  The wait staff there are all women and all incredibly nice.  I like how they bring you an entire PITCHER of water and COFFEE.  The pancakes are the best in town and the eggs benedict are nothing to snicker at either!!
4	Not a bad place I think they have a pretty extensive menu and are pretty consistent in delivering great flavors.
3	A more than decent breakfast spot that'll do in a pinch when we need something close by with a reliable menu and comfortable breakfast food. We went here a couple weeks ago on our Sunday Brunch Day.  The wait is as to be expected for any breakfast joint on a weekend but not ridiculously long. Our server was pleasant and as attentive as she could be with the crowded restaurant and her numerous tables. My dish was typical (so typical that I honestly can't remember what it was)breakfast fare and it tasted like food I could have made at home. Not a bad thing at all but sometimes when I go out for food I'm looking for some extra bang or a nice treat. The winner here is actually their protein pancakes which my fiance ordered and I ended up stealing more than a couple bites from his plate.If we decide to go back here, that is definitely what I'll be ordering for myself.
2	Good food but TERRIBLE service
1	We just left US Egg first lost our ticket, then served cold food Management never apologized and refused to comp a meal. Management comped our coffee which was funny as we had the cup of free coffee from outside!
3	I just tried U.S. Egg for the first time.  I have the french toast with egg and bacon.  It was fine.  I might go back and try something more imaginative next time.  Not much you can say about what I ordered other than it was fine, typical breakfast fare. The service was quick and the staff friendly.
4	Took the advice on Yelp and tried this place and their Protein Pancakes...really good!  A great combination of granola, blueberries and cinammon in a big pancake that completely covered the plate.  They also set down a full pitcher of water and carafe of coffee...thank you very much! This place should be a lot busier.
3	We left for IHOP and ended up at US Egg.  I made the suggestion because, in all honestly, I don't care much for IHOP and I'm always looking to try something new.US Egg was neat and tidy and offered a decent menu selection.  They offer traditional diner fare with more healthy eating selections.  I don't eat healthy so that means nothing to me.  If your a person that counts calories, you just may find something on the US Egg menu to suit your fancy.I ordered the Texas omelette.  There was nothing striking about it in taste.  Good but nothing really sticks out over other places.  A big strike against my overall satisfaction was lack of pancakes served with omelettes.  Every place that I have been to for breakfast includes a stack of 2 or 3 pancakes with all omelette selections.  For the same price of other joints I received less food and the quality was just the same.The waitress also failed the one test I will hold to any server: no refills on my drink.  I will never hold meal quality against my server as it's out of their control but I do expect them to do what they can.  I don't want to ask for refills on my beverage.  Asking the customer if they desire a refill is a standard practice.  It's the one thing that can keep me happy even if I am left unsatisfied with my meal.Take US Egg or leave it.  It's not a place I'd venture out of my way for but it's good enough that I'd drop by again if in the area.
5	The best pancakes in the world!Great service the owners are almost always there making sure that everyone is happy and gets what they need. Plus free WiFi!!!
4	I was so impressed with the choices!  Just a bit of everything. Service was great and food was fantastic. Definitely hooked on the protein pancakes and will visit frequently. :-)
3	Gluttony at its finest! I came here after a Saturday morning hike because I was STARVING!!! I was able to order their half and half which consist of smaller two protein pancakes and half of one of their Idaho Hot Skillets so I got the Bacon, onions & peppers skillet. Two smaller protein pancakes my ass!! Those pancakes were HUGE! If those are the small pancakes, then I would hate to see what the regular size look like. Not that I am complaining at all lol. Seriously though, it was good.  Like another reviewer said, it was hard to get a refill on drinks and all I had was coffee and water. Now don't get me wrong, they do leave the coffee pot on your table, but can a girl get some extra water? Please? But other than that, I will definitely be back, post hike of course :)
4	I went to US twice, and wanted to wait until my 2nd time to give it a review.We initially went when it first opened it's Greenway location.Since I wasn't happy that time, I chalked it up to opening weekend issues.Our 2nd try was definitely 100 times better.Super nice service and it was packed..we had about a 10 min wait time on a Sunday morning.Coffee was good and the portions are huge...service was slow, but again, I chalk it up to every single table being occupied.Will definitely go back..the hashbrowns were awesome!
4	Great Bfast! Good Service! Will be returning!
5	I was disapointed in the breakfast served at my hotel, so went yelping for an alternative.  USE is definitely worth the bit of a drive to get there!  I got the half and half combo of protein pancakes and Santa Fe skillet.  If those are "small" pancakes, the regular ones must be huge!  The skillet was a bit different style than I've had before, with the egg on top rather than scrambled in, but it works.   The service was very good too.  Definitely one to remember!
4	I'm usually here for breakfast every Sunday. The food is fantastic (try the protein pancakes packed with blueberries and granola), the service is quick and friendly, and the owner is always there making sure his customers are happy. Not the fanciest place, but the food more than makes up for it.   Great prices, and great food.
4	Good breakfast joint. They have all the basics plus the catchy protein pancake. It is good but I'd like fresh blueberries in it, not the canned kind like when you make blueberry muffins.
4	Yummy food and friendly wait staff. I've never had to wait for a table even during brunch on the weekends. :)
3	Protein pancakes good. Not fan of the Idaho skillet though. Prices may be a little high compared to Ihop and Village Inn. Menu is quite varied. Decor is pleasant. the place was full on a Sunday morning when we went.  Family owned and operated in AZ since 1991. Have other locations around the valley too. Typical diner food. Again to be fair, as a vegetarian, my choices on the menu are quite limited.
5	This place rocks! Cute and small with amazing food. I was here a few days ago and found the prices reasonable, the atmosphere homey and the food amazing!
5	Can't get much better. The food was great and the service was fast and friendly. We had the half skillet and basic breakfast. Everything was delicious. The owner, Mario, came by ask us if everything was fine. I think this is one of the best breakfast places in Phoenix and we have tried a bunch of them.
5	This restaurant is simply one of the best breakfast restaurants in town. US Egg has great pricing, amazing food, and a super friendly staff. We've been eating here for years and have never had a bad experience. My husband will tell you to try the pancakes, I'll tell you to try an omelette. Either way, I'm pretty sure you win.
4	First time here cause i thought it was a gourmet place. Had a meat skillet, GF had spinach, mushroom omelet. Minus one star cause my eggs were a little well. Other than that my mouth is watering anticipating a return visit.
5	The turchino coffee is great. The wife loves the protein pancakes and we make a special trip to this side of town just for them. Good service and good food.
1	No substitutions allowed for anything.  I don't eat pork and wasn't allowed to sub for anything.  Then I asked for gravy and the waitress said they don't have any.  No gravy at a breakfast joint?  Then the service wasn't good either.  I pretty much sat most of the time waiting to get silverware, or syrup.  Won't go back.
4	Delicious and nice.
4	I've tried many places for breakfast, and I always end up back at US Egg. My favorites are the half and half - love the protein pancakes, and the breakfast burrito.  The owner stops by every time I go to say hello and  make sure everything's okay.  Even when it's busy.  The lunch items are just fine, too.
5	First time at U.S Egg.  We had a very enjoyable experience.Place was packed upon arrival but we were greeted warmly by the hosts and assured it was only going to be few minutes.   We were promptly seated well within ten minutes.Given the crowd, I expected delays in service but that didn't happen.  While being led to our seat we were greeted immediately, with a smile, by our server Amber.  She quickly took our drink order.The food was delicious.  I really enjoyed the Gentlemen Jim's Omelette that had an outstanding sauce on it.  The restaurant was perfectly staffed.  Our waitress was prompt and friendly.  The breakfast was really good.  Great for people watching too.I really can't think of any reason not to give U.S. Egg five stars.1  Coffee 2.692  Orange Juice 5.781. Waffle 6.291. Gentlemen Jim's Omelette  9.491 Addtl Hashbrown 2.99Total w/o tip and tax    27.24
5	We just had a great family breakfast at US Egg.  The food and service could not be better.  There were 5 of us dining today.  Everyone was very pleased.  The owner, Mario, welcomes you at the door.  I highly recommend.
5	The owner must be watching Restaurant Stakeout.  Willy Degel would be proud!!  We went there for the first time last weekend.  We were immediately greated by a very friendly hostess and also the manager.  We were immediately seated on the patio.  It was a hazy morning and it reminded me of being in San Diego with their little green area off the patio.  Our waitress Jenny was so helpful wiht the menue and knew exactly what to suggest to newcomers.  We ordered soft drinks and she brought a whole pitcher.  How smart is that?  Saving time not running back and forth for refills equals efficiency and happy customers.  We had the protien pancakes which are amazing and the skillet which is equally fantastic.  Neither of us could finish our plates.  This place is awesome.
5	Always consistent...great meal..great service. Hawkeye with protein pancakes is a winner.
4	The food was great, especially the blueberry pancakes. I think we got a new waitress and she was a little chatty but did a great job at serving us.
4	One of the better breakfast places I've been to. The menu is HUGE and service was on point. I like that it's not a huge chain so there's nore of a "hometown" feel. It gets really busy during the weekend mornings especially, but the bar is open seating...
5	Best protein pancakes! i ALWAYS get the half and half (chicken, bacon, avocado skillet) with protein pancakes! AMAZING every time!!!
5	Love this place! The protein pancakes are the best. I go here to protein load after gym days and even when its an off day. The service is fast they people are friendly and it is a very nice atmosphere. Check this place out.
5	Protein pancakes are unique and delicious, place gets busy but service is great.
5	Good Breakfast House. I had the Breakfast Sandwich: Add Avocado and onion and it's great. Service was very mechanical...not all that friendly, but, the overall experience was good enough to keep it at 5 stars. I was told that they have some way out pancake meals. Sounded interesting for those that like to explore new frontiers.
2	I stopped in for breakfast with my seven year old grandson.  We were seated right away, but the server took a while to get to us.  He ordered pink lemonade and I ordered iced tea.  His lemonade was brought without a straw, and I had to ask for one, which again, took awhile.  My iced tea was fine but she brought it without any lemon, though I could see the table next to  mine had lemon in both the tea and the pitcher.  I had to ask, and again, it took awhile.  My grandson ordered french toast and asked for whipped cream with it.  The french toast was brought but without the whipped cream.  I had to ask for it, and again, well you know.  The bill came a bit later, and I sent my grandson to the bathroom to wash his hands.  I left a $20 bill and told the server I'd be right back, that I wanted to check on him in the bathroom.  When I came back, my change was there, and the table had been bussed, before we were even done.  The pink lemonade I paid $2.95 for and was only half gone, had been taken, as had my just refreshed tea and pitcher, all gone.  She apologized emphatically, but it was the icing on the cake.  I told the host when I was leaving what had happened, and either he was incredibly rude, or didn't hear me, because he said, thank you, have a nice day.  I won't be back in there.
4	Nice breakfast place. The service was good and the food was nice. The last couple of times I've been here the place was busy but food always came and our waiter always managed to check on us so I'm impressed with the really good service.
4	My husband and I tried this place one morning looking for somewhere new to us.  We were pleasantly surprised by how much we liked it. The protein pancakes are my new craving!  Love them!  The only reason I didn't give the final star is only because seating at this location is a little weird. Our second time we were seated right next to the kitchen door where my husband could watch everything. He didn't enjoy that. The food however has been great each time!  If you're looking for somewhere to go I highly recommend this place. It gets busy so go early!
5	Awesome food love the protein pancakes and great service. definitely a must go for breakfast. Expect to leave full with generous portions. Packed on a Saturday morning but people were being seated quickly so that's good. Five stars easy
5	Fast service, hot food, beautiful presentation! Loved the egg's benedict california style.
5	This place is always busy, so they must be doing something right. The protein pancakes are to die for. Service is quick and friendly. Food is always delicious too.
5	the best pancakes
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots in the North Phoenix area. I come here often with friends for lunch and breakfast.My personal favorite is the Sun Devil omelet. It's so good and so flavorful.Ingredients are always fresh and the food is always filling while being very affordable.
5	There are so many reasons I love U.S. Egg on Greenway.  There may be a slight wait to get a table but once seated the restaurant is well staffed with attentive servers.   I've never felt neglected while eating there.Food is excellent.  I had the Gentlemen Jim's Famous Omelette with the outstanding mushroom sauce and it was delicious.  The fact that the place is always busy even into mid morning is a testament of how good the food and service are.A very well run restaurant.
5	If you want a delicious, filling, affordable breakfast, this is where you go. I've ordered way too many meat lovers scrambles since I discovered this place, and every time i get one it's so good that I can't stop eating until it looks like a scene from man vs food. Protein pancakes are some of the best pancakes I've had too.
4	Awesome Breakfast!!! Had the Meat Lovers skillet and it was so hearty and was a huge portion of pork lovin plus the chicken fried steak! Very picky about my hash browns but theses hash browns were perfect, not overly salty or to dark, but perfectly balanced. Server was attentive and the restaurant was nice and clean. Definitely coming back!!!
4	Food is always good, the service is hit or miss. Fast seating, clean, and good prices.
2	Went to US Egg for a change up from the hotel breakfast as eating the same breakfast for 6 days straight did get tiresome even though it was great each day. Well...we should have maybe made it 7 days at the hotel, the service and food were mediocre but the coffee was awful. By no means are we Starbucks people and usually find better coffee at smaller diners but was sure wrong on this one. The menu did allow us to try chicken and waffles but even that was pretty standard.
4	Came in around 9:45 am on a Sunday & though there was a wait it was less then 10 minutes which was nice since I was starving. I had the Meat Lovers Skillet which was hash browns topped with cheese, egg, sausage, ham, bacon, & a country fried steak & gravy. It was DELICIOUS!!! & huge. I was only able to eat about half. I will definitely be returning. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because our waitress wasn't the best. She never asked my husband if he wanted more orange juice which he finished before his dish got there. Luckily he had water. Other then that though, it was a good experience.
5	What can I say about a restaurant that serves the most popular breakfast foods?  Well I'll start with the service. The owner is outright an awesome host. He gave us the best server "Emily" that any establishment could ever have as a server. She alone made my Phoenix morning. I wish we could have more "professional" servers like her in California. Now the food. Best pancakes ever. I repeat. The best pancakes ever. Just give the protein pancakes a try. Any version of the protein pancakes are awesome. The bonus is the bacon "AKA breakfast candy". When I come back, I'll come back every time.
4	We had been here before it was US Egg and it was awful!  We tried it today after Easter service with my mother and it was terrific.  I had the high protein pancake (half order) and it was great.  My mom's corned beef hash was good - a large serving. The hubby's omelet was a good serving and fresh.  The coffee was not swell but the food made up for it.  Nice friendly staff and great service.
4	It was a Sunday afternoon at about 10:30 AM (as I call it, the breakfasting hour...er...half hour). I had 12...TWELVE...hungry family members visiting  me from out of town. Half wanted to cook breakfast at my house. The rest were ambivalent. After whiffing on lunch the previous day (see my scathing review of Harold's Corral), I needed a place to come through. Enter U.S. Egg. I'd long been a fan of their Tempe location, but service can vary greatly from one branch to the next. I called and got the owner. He said it was his busiest time of day but once we arrived he could seat us in approximately 10 minutes. He kept his word. The service was fast and efficient, if not overly friendly (hence the 4 stars instead of 5). My Texan omelette was hearty and satisfying. The rest of my family raved about the protein pancakes, and they were very accommodating to my gluten-free sister. All 12 of us left in a wonderful food coma. Having failed spectacularly the previous day to find a decent brunch spot, I needed to find a place to deliver me from the harsh judgement of my siblings regarding my ability to pick local restaurants. U.S. Egg saved my ass. Bravo.
1	The owner, Mario, (for lack of better wording) sucks. He is rude and assumes the worst from people. That being said, good place to enjoy food, but I'll never go back because of the way he treated me and other people. All he cares about is money.
5	Great service, great menu, fast and friendly service as well as affordable.  Tried the protein pancake on recommendation from a great friend she was right best pancake I have ever had bar none! If you love breakfast this is where you should be give it a try, you will see me here again and again.
5	I've been to this place 5 or 6 times now in the last 3 months and for good reason, the food is awesome! I've sampled some of the burgers and they have been unique and tasty every time. I never (neeever!) Order a chili burger but their's had fries in it so I had to try it. It did not disappoint! They aren't as cheap as if you we're going to Denny's but it's worth the price and the basic breakfast platter is a steal at $8. They have some of the best bacon I've ever had. The last time I went I tried one of their famous protein pancakes, with granola, and blueberries, and it was sooo good! I don't even like blueberries in my pancakes! You even have your choice of ordering half of one of their yummy skillet breakfasts with a protein pancakes which let me tell you is the best of everything.  It's $10 and some change but worth it and very filling.  This is making my mouth water.  Looking forward to my next visit!
4	A great find nearby and certainly worth the trip. I had the power pancake which was huge and filling and definitely worth trying as stated on the menu. A side of bacon with that proved to be filling enough to get me through the day.Hubby went with his standard omelet, of cheese. Nothing too thrilling but he did say the hash browns were under seasoned which is a big no no in both of our books.Seems like a family place and overall a good experience.
4	Love US Egg! My dad and I go once a month! Usually have an omelet but have had chicken fried steak as well as the BLT. Always friendly and wanting to go back! Food is great!
5	I'm SO glad I finally had a chance to check this place out!  I ordered their Protein Waffle & it was fantastic!  Not only was it HUGE, it was also very filling & delicious.  With generous portion sizes, great food, reasonable prices & friendly wait staff, I can see why this place is always packed. I will most certainly be a repeat customer. :)
4	It's still great! The benedicts are my new favorite, the egg is poached just right, and the portion size is perfect. Love the new decor!
2	Nothing special about this place other than delivering all the food either overcooked, undercooked, or the wrong version.My wife ordered the half and half. The pancakes were doughy but sin e our waitress had better things to do she ate the outer sections. Her egg thing with ham bacon cheese ect. Some how came out with chicken instead. My wife eventually got it changed and they were none to happy. She gave her food a 3 star.My patty melt was ordered medium to MR came out shoe leather super well done. Once again no waitress to complain to. I had also ordered the .95 cent add on bacon to the burger. She instead ordered me a side of bacon for $3.50. She got to pay for that out of her tip money since she would not fix it on the ticket. Needless to say my dogs ate well. Except for the burger there might have been something wrong with it. I have two hounds who eat most anything but would not finish the awful patty melt for me.It gets 2 stars for the pancake edges my wife ate and I tried. very good. Would have been nice to have had it all to eat.
5	Such an awesome lil diner. They always have amazing food and great service! The girls always treat you like #1 and the wait staff is friendly too. I find myself coming by for my usual Triple Play Combo with Protein Pancakes. Btw, whole wheat pancakes and waffles YUM! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu I'm sure! I suggest you stop on by :)
4	4 Stars until I try more of the menu! Great service, very good food! A place I will go back to for sure as its my local Diner type place for breakfast!
4	Love this place for a lazy Sunday. Great creative menu items and friendly staff. Usually order the half skillet and half stack of protein pancakes. But their benediction is excellent too
4	My family LOVES to have breakfast here on the weekends.  They have recently renovated the dining area and it is a very pleasant place to spend time together on a relaxed Saturday morning - the food is great!
5	Food here is amazing and they have a lot of gluten free options. Definitely one of my favorite breakfast/lunch spots!
2	This place is very expensive compared to any other breakfast place in the valley. They really don't offer larger portions of food or higher quality to bring the prices they are asking.
2	Food was ok here but there are other breakfast places around that are better. Our server sucked. We had Jamie.  She walked by our table 5 times sense we got our food and didn't stop to ask how it was and then another 4 times when we were trying to pay. It took more time waiting for this then it took them to cook our meal or us to eat it.
2	I ordered the eggs benedict and although the actual eggs Benedict was delicious, the hash browns were literally starchy mush. Gross. After complaining they simply apologized but didn't redeem themselves in any way. No discounted meal, no replacement hashies (not that I wanted them after that first run.)
3	Eh....In our quest to try a new Breakfast place, this place isn't making our short list, it's actually not even making the top 20. First off, it's over priced, I would say everything on the menu is a good $1.00 - $1.50 too expensive. This was my first thought before even ordering, after getting our food, my opinion is the same. If you're going to blow me away with eggs that melt in my mouth, then yes, I will certainly pay a little more than the average place. But, the food here was just that, "average". The portion sizes were OK. My eyes didn't pop out of my head nor did I wonder where the rest of my breakfast was. I don't know why it was so busy for a place that's nothing to write home about.
3	I've always wanted to try this place out and I finally did on a Wednesday for brunch. Image atmosphere was very clean and cute. I had the Angus patty meal. It was alright. My friend had the waffles. He thought they were good. Service was friendly but I felt was kind of slow.. I overall rate this place as decent, it wouldn't be my first choice but I would return if I was to lazy to drive anywhere else because I live down the street. Haha
3	I have been here twice and their food is consistant.  I had the protein pancakes and bacon both times.  The pancakes are really good!  The menu is pretty basic and the inside is ok.  Staff was friendly.  I would probably go more often for the protein pancakes if it was closer to my house.
4	The service was delightful! Even when our server accidentally spilled water all over me... She was humble and kind and I was in return. Yummy food and fast! xo
4	Consistent!! Wonderful selection.....good service!! Great coffee!! All of their locations are fantastic!! The only downside is if you go during a busy time.....there could be a long wait.
4	The perfect place for breakfast. This spot is kid/family friendly and caters to all types of diners and diets. I wanted to try the protein pancakes - but also wanted something savory - the half and half was the dish of morning food dreams. I got everything I wanted - and they put an egg on it! The pancakes were yum, the egg a perfect over easy and the veggie scramble good (needed a bit more salt on the potatoes). My hubby's eggs Benedict was also cooked just right and my mother in law was pleased as punch with her 'crispy' bacon!Great spot! Great food and generous portions!
