5	Great atmosphere; was quite busy but the service and the waittimes were perfectly acceptable.  Everyone in my group had something different and was quite happy.  A great addition to the Madison restaurant scene.
3	Great dining room! Really nice decor and they have TV's. This makes me happy because there are very few places in the neighborhood to watch those annoying big games that are aired on cable channels.We went the first week they were open so I can't be too critical. Service was good, but they had a TON of staff on. The first three things we tried to order off the menu they were sold out of. Kind of annoying but as I said I do realize they just opened. I had the burger, which was good, not great, but good. A little undercooked for the medium well I ordered. Why do restaurants put burgers and sandwiches on menu's with out a side? I never get this. We ordered a side of fries to accommodate my side craving, but for an $8.00 burger I would expect more than just a side of coleslaw. My wife had the chicken sandwich also good, not great. Our fries also came out cold. The shrimp fritter appetizer was delicious though.The inside of this place is absolutely beautiful, great job by the architect. I will give this place another shot in a month or two after they work out the opening kinks, but after eating there the first time I'm not craving anything that would bring me back sooner.
4	My Previous review:I live in the neighborhood, so you can imagine how excited I was to have this new restaurant within walking distance.  WOW, what a HUGE disappointment!No drink specials. No beer menu. No drink menu. Very small menu in general.The bar stools are a joke. I couldn't find a coat rack anywhere. What's so hard about putting a hook under the bar?I've been three times already and I probably won't go back for at least another six months or until they work out these kinks. The portions are small and the food was totally forgettable. Wedge salad was ok but small for the price. Chicken strips could've been good but unfortunately were cold. Chicken sandwich was almost insulting in size and average tasting at best. Shrimp fritters are definitely good but not good enough to make me come back for now. Fries were decent but others in the neighborhood are much better. My friend ate the lobster since they were out of the fish fry and he liked it. This place really needs to step up their menu!Jacs is leaps and bounds better than G&B!One good thing about this place is the decor. It has potential, but for now, I will be saying no thank you to G&B.Current review: I love this place.  G&B burger is excellent, the parmesan wings are some of the best wings I've ever had. Sandwiches are good but small. Drinks are way too expensive but very good.  Pizzas are good but forgettable.Overall, I recommend.
4	Very good. Casual atmosphere. No nonsense, brief menu. The portions are perfect (no one needs a half pound burger). The ribeye sandwich was delicious tonight. Great atmosphere, mix of old WI supper club and sports bar. The name could be more appealing though.
3	Given the restaurant's pedigree (Sardine and Marigold), I was really excited to check out Gates & Brovi. There's a distinct neighborhood bar feel and the interior is pretty neat. A big bar, lots of reclaimed wood and some exposed brick. When there's a wait - and there is sure to be one - the waitress writes your name and something to identify you on a big chalkboard so you can see when you'll get seated. We ordered some shrimp fritters, the Parman patty melt, the G&B, and a half dozen oysters. To my surprise, most of the food is served in baskets and burgers just come with a side of coleslaw (small, but tasty). Oysters were fresh and tasty, but I was hoping for some mignonette not cocktail sauce. The shrimp fritters where a-OK, the remoulade definitely helped thingsout in the flavor department. The burgers are griddled and made from a single patty. I chose the Parman patty melt: fried onions, braunschweiger, sauerkraut, mustard and special sauce. It was definitely a flavorful burger, but nothing stood out for me.  Same goes for my dining companion. The tap beers aren't that exciting, but there's a nice variety. While there was nothing bad about my experience, nothing really stood out. Like many others, I had really high expectations but left wanting more. Will I go back? Yep, but I'm in no rush to do so. I'd be interested in going back on a Wednesday or Friday to tryout their specials.
3	On our first attempt to go there for dinner the place was packed on a Saturday night.On our second attempt we arrived shortly after the kitchen closed for the night.On our third attempt we got in right as dinner started to be served on a Wednesday night.  It wasn't packed but business picked up over the hour we were there.The waitress didn't quite have her banter.  The only adjective she used to describe menu items was "interesting".The 1/2 order of oysters for appetizer were decent.Fried chicken is the Wednesday night special.  The serving was large, consisting of 4 oddly chopped sections of bird.  The breading was heavy and tasted slightly overcooked.  The boiled potatoes were good. The brandy old fashion was great.  But there is no happy hour so we both had one and called it a dinner.
3	Sooooooooooo my biggest pet peeve when I read reviews on Yelp (What?! Madison's Community Manager reads reviews? Truth. Usually 15-25/day.) is when people write, "I really wanted to like this place." Can we just all agree that when you patronize a local business you want to indeed like it? Who goes into a place and thinks, "Man I hope this blows chunks!" With that said...I really hoped I was going to love Gates & Brovi. Yes, the people that brought us Sardine and Marigold have sure built up a reputation in town, and maybe that set the bar and my expectations too high. The newness of it all and the freshman feel of the place got me and my chef friend pontificating about what we'd do to make it Madison's next best thing. We came up with a few ideas. 1. It should be a seafood restaurant. The decor is already there just tack up some nets and a mermaid, swap the benches for a long banquet, ditch the cafeteria feel and go with community tables and replace the uncomfortable bar stools with something that has a back.2. Keep the neighborhood feel (important for that side of town) but elevate the food. Hang on to the oysters but give us more interesting add ons, swap the burger for a Po Boy, and fill out the menu with a few options that aren't fried. 3. Beer program could be expanded a tiny bit, but I'm not sure there's real estate at the bar for more taps. Now is Gates & Brovi going to revamp the entire concept? No. Should they? No. Is it fun to sit at the bar (which is STUNNING btw, big ups for the woodwork) and dream... yup! They saw a need for something that Monroe was missing, they jumped at the chance to fill the void, and in time they'll iron out weird service kinks (our bartender friend was a little shifty) they'll ditch some of the parm on the arugula salad (holy cheese batman) and they'll have a fun atmosphere for a lunch and after-work crowd. I'm excited to go back and I'm excited to see how things evolve, because if anyone in town can notice where things aren't gelling and tighten up the operation it's these guys. And I'm pumped to return to Yelp and tell all of Madison when they do.
3	Service was just fine in this family friendly restaurant i.e. entrees in plastic baskets, condiments in paper cups etc The menu would benefit greatly from a few more healthy entree options - more salads - maybe a nightly fish special that isn't deep fried?  We ordered the Beer Boiled Shrimp entree, the Cod Sandwich, Chicken Tenders for the kids, a basket of fries, the Wedge Salad and your Bean and Sausage soup of the night..oh and the cheese curds, because we're Wisconsinites.  It all tasted fine but a side of veggies as an option would have been greatly appreciated!!  or fruit!  My husband stopped in for the Wednesday Chicken special last week and loved it - we are also looking forward to trying the Friday night Fish Fry Please do add some more salads to your menu and some vegetables with the entrees!  Thanks!
5	Gates and Brovi has struck a perfect balance here. This is WIsconsin supper club meets New England seafood shack.  It's a great twist for Madison, anchored by rock solid food and drink.We went there following a Badgers game and were treated to excellent casual fare.  The shrimp fritters were crisp on the outside and had a great slightly chewy texture within.  The sandwiches were delicious, especially the Parmann with the special sauce.  Fried chicken was crispy and perfectly cooked.  The oysters were clean and cold and well-priced, though not as good a deal as the Sardine happy hour.Gates and Brovi is a welcome addition to this neighborhood.  The room is made up of magnificent reclaimed wood that has fashioned a beautiful bar, ceiling, and tables. It will fit well within the offerings already on Monroe St.  It will surely prosper though, being the only place near the end of Monroe St.  I can't wait to get back.
4	Gates & Brovi is no Sardine, nor is it Marigold Kitchen.  But, with the success of those excellent establishments behind it, this neighborhood pub with family fare, is a sure bet.  In the month since G & B opened, I have wandered down there about about a dozen times.  Am I related to the owners?  No, I am an area resident, who enjoys sitting at the bar with a great Bloody Mary and a basket of yummy cheese curds.  And the ranch dressing is not only something for the kiddies!  Sometimes I'll have the blue cheese burger, or the steamed shrimp, while watching young and old greet each in a warm and inviting atmosphere.   Any new restaurant merits a second visit, as it continues to fine tune its operation.  Gates & Brovi is no exception.  Perhaps I'll see you there.
4	I'm thrilled to have G&B within walking distance of my house.  As others have commented, the interior is gorgeous.  It reminded me of a Door County restaurant, one of those that has been there for ages. The menu is not extensive, but there is enough variety that everyone in your party should be able to find something they would be happy with.  In fact, I think the menu choices do a great job of covering a lot of different preferences with a minimum of options.  I have been to other restaurants with far more extensive menus and found fewer choices that were appealing to me -- I don't eat red meat or poultry but I do eat seafood and fish.  In some restaurants I may have a single option on a very large menu, yet at G&B there are several I could eat.I have eaten there twice -- very good, not "gourmet" but a cut above the regular bar/sandwich place for sure.  I am not sure I understand the critiques of other reviewers who downgrade G&B for being the kind of restaurant it is, rather than the kind of restaurant they wish it was.  If it's a casual local gathering place, then that's what it is.  And not everyone wants a big haystack of fries automatically with their sandwich.  It's wasteful.  The cole slaw that is served with the sandwiches lacks flavor, in part because it is dished into the serving cups long before it is served so the dressing sinks to the bottom.  If you don't know this and don't stir it up before you eat it, you get plain cabbage for the first few bites.  Even so, the dressing is pretty bland.As I'm not a sophisticated drinker the lack of a drink/beer menu doesn't  bother me, but I get how that should be remedied.  My only other issue with the place is not the fault of G&B but with the patrons.  Both times I have been there, parents have allowed small children to scream and/or run around while they sat either oblivious to the behavior or assuming other patrons would find this adorable.  There are clueless people everywhere but casual dining is rife with them.
3	Some positives:- they made a good brandy old fashioned- oysters were decent- boiled potatoes were really tasty- a great spaceSome thing to improve on:- the fried chicken breading was too heavy and doughy.- a very random feeling menu, expected more seafood options. None of the burgers sounded appealing. Braunschweiger? Really?- no drink specials
5	Great food and will only get better as the business matures.
2	Much of my criticism and compliments have already been detailed very nicely by others, so I will just summarize in bullet points.1. Great location for walkers, inconvenient for those driving from other neighborhoods. Given that it is geared toward the neighborhood and repeat customer base... (see number 2)2. Very limited menu selection. Literally turned the menu over to see what was on the back, only to find it empty, thought to myself, 'is this a kids' menu?' Turns out that is what everyone at the table was thinking too.3. In response to my request for a drink list, our server replied, "We have every beer you can think of in bottle." False. Who wants to play the game, "Do you have {insert beer}" repeatedly in a noisy crowded restaurant? Write it down or memorize it and be able to tell me all of them.4. A basket of individually wrapped saltine crackers like one would find at a salad bar is NOT an acceptable bread item to serve with hot crab dip. Just cut the carrots and celery into adult human size, give enough of them, and/or add some nice crostini.5. The clam chowder is very good.6. The shrimp fritters are pretty good.I am interested to see if the owners read their own reviews and improve the quality of food and service. It really is a great location, and I so eagerly awaited their opening.
4	Have now had three meals here, and I have been a few other times for beers and apps.  Not quite five stars, but on its way.  First, the two burgers I have had were both fantastic.  Clearly, they are using quality beef.  The fried onions on the Mushroom/Swiss were cooked in what tasted like a wine sauce, and they made this a flavor full burger.  The G&B burger was even better, one of my new favorites in Madison.  Unique and satisfying burger.I had the patty melt one other time, and it was disappointing.  It was greasy, and I think they used too much butter on the bread.  Also, while I like little twists on a classic, I just didn't think the sauerkraut/mustard combo was right for patty melt.  Just one guys opinion, but the opinion of a life long patty melt lover.The cheese curds are also obviously hand made with their own batter, and I love the dill dipping sauce that comes with them. The selection of beers on tap is spot on.  Some unique choices, but not different just for different's sake. For example, the great Chech beer Staropramen on tap - bravo!Finally, fun atmosphere that is bright and lively.  One problem - parking.  Give yourself time to find a spot and be ready to walk.
4	Pretty good. The service was quick and the food was delicious. The cheese kurds were very flavorful!
5	I loved this place.  We went after a Badger game and it was warm and inviting.  We ended up splitting the pork sandwich and fries and we were impressed.  Even though they don't have a drink menu, they will make you whatever drink you want.  Just ask for it.  I loved the "up north" feel but with the great food.  We'll be going back.
2	This restaurant confused me.  The coastal meets northwoods atmosphere was cozy and I would have perceived the restaurant to be fairly upscale, but the little details caused it to look pretty cheap.  Appetizers and sandwiches came in red plastic baskets and coleslaw came in leaky paper cups - I'd expect as much at a bbq joint, but not at a restaurant on Monroe Street.  French fries are an extra charge (I think $2); which is acceptable if they're good fries, and these were not (dry, crispy, overcooked, sad little fries).There was a lack of sandwich/burger options on Monroe Street (still is IMO after eating here), but definitely not a shortage in Madison - better sammies and burgers can be had elsewhere.
2	There seems to be a cycle in new Madison restaurants lately: 1. Open your doors,2. Bring in guests on the novelty factor,3. Fail to offer a clean vision of what you're trying to do, 4. Stay afloat for a year or so, perhaps on strength outside your food,5. Bring in a new executive chef,6. Success in all things!Gates & Brovi seems to be around steps 2 or 3 in the cycle. Given that they're run by the same folks who bring us such delight at Sardine, I'm confused at what they're trying to accomplish out Nakoma way.Is the "date night" full lobster dinner also going to come in a red plastic basket? Does my melted butter come in a small paper cup?For a restaurant with all the trappings of a barbecue joint (the baskets, the low end paper napkins which might as well be wrapping plasticware, the poor selection of non-beer drinks) there's only a faint nod towards BBQ in the form of a roasted pork sandwich. I'm not really sure what G&B is trying for. Perhaps they want to be a simple neighborhood joint, and I just don't live in the neighborhood. Maybe it didn't help that my first attempt to go was at the end of a lovely stroll on a Monday evening only to be unpleasantly surprised that they were closed. [Which is a thing that restaurants can do, food service can have their own weekend, but there's either a certain level of cuisine or a Mom and Pop behind the counter. G&B meets neither of these.]Neither my sandwich nor my friend's was memorable. The waitress seemed easily confused by our requests, and pretty much vanished at several points. I might be convinced to try out the bar if I happen to be in the neighborhood, but otherwise I'll be giving G&B a rest for a few months to see if they make it to steps 5 and 6 in the cycle.
4	My family and I stumbled on to Gates & Brovi by accident, and we were so pleased that we did! Decor: Although I am not totally certain as to what the designers of this restaurant were looking for, it is clear that whoever did it is in love with textures and wood tones. The effect is homey, calming, and welcoming. Combined with the beautiful windows and the winter sky, and it was really quite beautiful sitting there. Perhaps the only thing that could be said to mar the experience is the tendency of the designers to push the hipster sensibility a little too far (see the Carling's Black label sign over the bar, or perhaps the red plastic food baskets) past a celebration of kitsch into the patronizing zone. This is Madison, however, and if you cannot handle the occasional smug hipsterism, you will be happier moving elsewhere. Food: Unlike some of the other reviewers, our experience with the food was overwhelmingly positive. Our experience was that the chowder was stellar (A-), the burgers very, very good (B+), as was the pulled pork (B+), and the sliced roast beef sandwich (B+), the french fries were very fine--but not as good as at Sardine (B), and the hot ham sandwich was also better than competent (B). The boiled shrimp--in shell--was fine, but not remarkable (B-), largely due to indifferent spicing and shrimp quality. We did not try the signature lobster. Overall, this is MUCH better than most of the food to be found in Madison restaurants.Service: The service was highly efficient, in good humor, and took on serving our large table with grace. The service is informal, but that is the point of this place.  Alcohol: We were not drinking because it was midday. The beer offerings looked competent, but I didn't make a systematic study of the listings.Recommendation: I'd encourage the folks at G&B to think about ways to convince Madisonians that they are getting real value for their gastro-pub fare. This might be either (a) making the food so good that we are amazed that it is being served in plastic baskets and with disposable napkins, or (b) improving the presentation.  I'd hate for this place to fold because it doesn't make customers valued.And it might be good to pull down the Black label sign if your customers aren't going to drink Black label.  Gotta keep your credibility.
4	This place has kind of a weird east coast harbor decoration theme or something to that effect. Decor aside this is one of the better food joints that also has TV's. The fish fry is a good dish. The portion size here is pretty good (if you want a lot of food.) The burger  scores  7.5 out of 10.  Also full bar is quieter than the downtown scene so getting a table is more likely. Good soundtrack as well music at a reasonable volume.Parking nearby. Serves food 'til 10 on weeknights.
5	Run, don't walk, to Gates & Brovi!Hyperbole, you say? Well, not really; it is kind of far away (on the far West end of Monroe St., near Odana) and thus if you just walk, it will likely take a long time.But also because of the sheer awesomeness of the food. The talent behind Marigold and Sardine are at it again, and the food is wondrous. Clam chowda? Amazing.Turkey torpedo sandwich? Divine.Pulled pork? May be the best in the city.Haven't had dinner there yet but how can you go wrong with these guys running the show? Looking forward to trying out their fish fry as well as a number of other things on what looks like an excellent menu.The decor and atmosphere is wonderful as well. I just wish the place were neared to where I lived or worked. Oh well, guess I'll be running there again soon!
4	Went here early on Saturday night. We sat at the bar, waiting for someone and had some drinks and appetizers before sitting down at a table for dinner. My first impression is that this is a very beautiful place- the reclaimed wood is everywhere- bar, ceiling, floor...I love it. It has a very contemporary yet warm feeling about it. The bar staff was super friendly and poured serious drinks. We tried the crab and artichoke dip, which was served with both crackers and toast points. You could see and taste the crab, which was very fresh and delicious. While it is true that G&B has no specialty cocktails or drink specials, they do have a full bar that goes well beyond their excellent beer list and adequate (albeit brief) wine list. You just have to know what you like. Bonus points for the hooks under the bar, where my purse fit nicely! As for dinner, our booth was spacious but there wasn't enough room for four people and their large winter coats, so the men hung theirs on the knobs of the booth. The beer shrimp was big and delicious but very messy to eat. I had the special entree that night- Atlantic Char, which was delicious and came on a bed of spinach and green beans. I was glad for the special because I am something of a picky eater and I was also very hungry so I didn't want a sandwich. Some of the sandwiches sounded good, but I was concerned about the accompanying ingredients such as spicy jams and such. Also, I'm not clear if the poultry is natural or organic? As for the burgers, it would be great if they could offer turkey burgers or even buffalo burgers for variety. Also, a few more veggie options would be appreciated (there is a veggie burger available, fyi). My husband got a burger which he said was good and for $2, he got a side of excellent fries- thin, crisp and salty- the way they should be. Others in our party got soup, salads and sandwiches which they all enjoyed. I would definitely return to sit at the bar and for more snacks. The place was packed with a line waiting for tables when we left around 7, so clearly, G&B has lots of fans. While the menu is a bit erratic, I think it's interesting enough to command second and third visits...I was surprised to hear that people have a problem with the red plastic baskets. I think they're cute and funny. Why isn't it ok to serve sandwiches in such a thing? The other plates are plastic and I do concede that that is a bit of a turn-off. But it's not enough to deter me from returning.
4	Nice place, has a New England fishing shack decor I think.  Very limited menu with maybe a half dozen sandwiches and burgers.  The appetizers are very good with the sandwiches getting just a good mark.The kids really enjoyed.
3	With a pedigree of Sardine and Marigold Kitchen, this restaurant can do no wrong, right?  Wrong!  The interior is warm and welcoming.  With exposed brick and white paneling, it looks like it should be a seafood shack. The menu is small but covers alot of ground.  Its mainly an appetizer/sandwich/hamburger joint with some seafood/steak options to choose from.Always the adventurer, I tried the Parman Patty Melt. The sandwiches are served ala carte so I tried the Chicken Tenders as well.  The Patty Melt contained the normal "melt" ingredients (grilled onions, swiss cheese, grilled bread, burger) but also was topped with sauerkraut and a slice of braunschweiger). I have no clue why they decided to offer up such a sandwich (other than to lure suckers like me to give it a try) but overall, the flavors worked. I don't know if I would ever order it again but I did eat it all.  The tenders were hand breaded and were accompanied with a homemade ranch sauce.  They were a solid choice.  Nothing to write home about but also nothing to complain about.  This sums up also the restaurant in general.  Nice waitstaff, nice decor, good food but that's about it.  If I lived in the neighborhood and it was in walking distance, I would probably stop in because it is convenient.  But I don't think it really is a "destination" restaurant.  Parking is limited to the street and the food just isn't special enough to warrant it.
2	Not impressed. Really just a concept restaurant with meh food and kitschy decor. OK as a local bar hangout and no more. So many other options especially on Monroe St!
2	I really had high hopes about this place.It looks nice from the outside. The space inside was very open, high ceilings, lots of light from the windows. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful. However:The parking situation is a nightmare. No parking lot. If you go at about 5:00-5:30 like we did, good luck. We had to park 2 blocks away. It is mind-boggling to me that the city zoning board would approve this place without parking.Then there is the food. I ordered New England Clam Chowder. Well, there were clams, but the broth was thin, and there were all these vegetables that made it taste more like minestrone. Why would somebody do this? Reminds me of people who make guacamole with about three cloves of garlic and bury any avocado taste.So then I ordered their slow-roasted roast beef sandwich. Same kind of deal, there was so much other stuff in there I was not sure I wasn't eating a Muffaletta sandwich. If I wanted that I would not have ordered roast beef. Last but not least, almost all the seats were wooden. Not all that comfortable. I don't feel good about rating this new place so low, but damn, they sure did not impress.
4	An open inviting place that is family friendly, but not too kid-centric. The highlights on the menu include shrimp fritters, clam chowder, great soups from scratch, arugula salad and beet salad, Clam linguini, tuna sandwich and straight-ahead burger that feels just right.It's got a nice neighborhood vibe that makes it an easy place to stop for relaxing lunch and happy hour specials that include a great price on oysters and apps on weeknights.  The Friday Fish Fry is so popular that its hard to get a table. If only they had something fruity on their desert menu (pie or crisp would hit the spot).And yes, parking is definitely tricky before 7pm -  but it's also right on the bike path.
5	I'm here at least once every week. Food is great and the staff is even better. Service is quick and friendly
2	Noise level is really bad-- my head was ringing after 5 minutes from the noise bouncing off the wooden floor and ceiling, brick walls, and wooden tables.  Service was nice but food came out slooow (couple that came in after we had ordered was almost done with their food by the time ours arrived-- not good w/ two hungry kids at the table...)  Salads are overpriced for what you get... they're priced fine if they were something special, but they're not.  Menu is a bit all over the map, but centered on sandwiches.  My veggie burger was pretty good (not dry at all).  But overall with the horrible parking (none before 7:00), horrible noise, slow service, and with substantially better food elsewhere, I don't plan on going back.
2	This is probably my 6th or 7th visit and I came back today specifically for the beer steamed shrimp -- which I recommend and which earned the two stars.  I really want to like this place. Service has been a struggle every time. Today however we did indeed love the beer steamed shrimp again but the service was troubling. We were at happy hour early (3:30) and our first waitperson was great, but after she left, it was clear to me that while the guys -- who were obviously buddies with one of the bartenders -- were waited on constantly, chatted with etc -- we were not worth the time. Yet we were the only people ordering food, expressing an interest in the menu, and drinking actual cocktails not covered by happy hour.  I at first thought these other customers got lavish attention because they were men but my husband commented he was timing his empty glass, it was over 20 minutes, and we received food without a check in on his drink.  There were three bartenders with time on their hands. Empty glasses.  And really worst of all, no interest in our questions and engagement in the menu. Trying to get some coaching on oysters after eating them and expressing a '"meh' but we want to learn!" earned us a "yeah, people feel that way." As the guy walked away.
2	This place is fine, but I think if I ever go again it will be because it is the only thing in its area that has late-night food. Otherwise, I don't think it's anything special for regular lunch or dinner hours. It's not bad, but I don't think it knows what it wants to be. Food is good enough: hot beef sandwich, vegetarian burger, calamari, fries. Everything was fine, just not really "special." The best thing was the small side of coleslaw, in my opinion. There are many other more exciting restaurants in Madison. That said, the prices were reasonable, and the place isn't pretentious.
2	Go to the Laurel... Seriously. This place seems like a great idea but does not deliver on food OR service. The menu is small, and I get what they are trying to do but if you have a small selection I expect everything to be spot on. I had the fish sandwich which was kind of cold and the bun that it was on was soggy, which was far from appetizing. My sister had the shrimp which were good, definitely the best thing that my party ordered. We got the french fries for an appetizer and they were seriously worse than McDonalds! Ouch! (I know, but it's the truth). The service was weird and the decor confusing. All in all just go to the Laurel... or Culver's and save yourself some money!
3	As a big fan of both Marigold Kitchen and Sardine, I was fairly excited to try Gates & Brovi. It has some hits and misses, but overall is a pleasant enough space to have dinner, and given the restaurant desert that is its location, a welcome addition to the area. As others have mentioned, the parking situation can be nightmarish, but if you arrive at 7 or later, you are officially allowed to park in the Mallatt's Pharmacy lot in back.The decor is casual but clean and rustic, with lots of reclaimed barn wood. The tables and chairs are somewhat comfortable, though nothing to write home about. I do wish there was some aspect of the decor that absorbed sound, but there isn't, so it's fairly noisy. Also, if you want to watch the game while eating, you'll practically have to sit at the bar. The bathrooms are beautiful and clean, though. All waitstaff are quite nice and attentive, and those with long hair are careful to tie it back - always a plus in my book.The first time I visited, I came for dinner with my boyfriend. We shared the cheese curds with homemade ranch as an appetizer. They were closer to The Old Fashioned's style than, say, Culver's - more free-form and greasy with less breading. They tend to clump together a lot, a mild annoyance. The homemade ranch was quite good, though. I ordered the brown sugar roasted pork sandwich (a la carte - the cheese curds were so filling). It was delicious but incredibly messy; I had to use a ton of napkins, the bread was soaked by the end of the meal, and I still had to excuse myself to wash my hands at the end of the meal. Not a problem for me, but if I were dressed well I might avoid it. My boyfriend ordered the G&B burger and a side of fries. I'm not sure why it comes with American cheese as the default - anyone who's tasted real cheese knows that American cheese tastes like the plastic in which it's wrapped. My boyfriend substituted cheddar, and it tasted fine, but not up there with the real burger champs in Madison (Dotty's and Blue Moon being high on my personal list). He was a little bummed that it didn't come with fries automatically, but given that the burger is only six bucks, it seemed fair to me. The fries were crisp and hot on arrival; they reminded me of the delicious fries at Sardine. The old-fashioned I had to drink was quite nice, just the right balance of booze and mixers.The second time we visited, I just had a beer (Anchor Steam in a cold glass straight from the fridge), but my boyfriend was craving a root beer float. You'll have to order one of their "ice cream sodas" with root beer, but it's great. The ice cream is rich and tasty, and my boyfriend loved their choice of Stewart's for the root beer. They only pour half of the bottle into the glass, but they do give you the rest of it to refill at your leisure. Since he finished his "ice cream soda" before I finished my beer, the bartender courteously brought him some water without request, which I thought was a great touch. They were touting a new menu which starts today, so I will be returning to see how that is. I also look forward to trying their oyster happy hour someday, since I've liked Sardine's oyster happy hour so much.
4	All Hail the place with the world's greatest cheese curds! These are an absolute must try! Stopped in with the girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers and loved it. The decor reminds me of a typical family diner. Very casual and very friendly. So, Did I mention the cheese curds? Yeah they are awesome! The place also serves up fresh oysters, fish fries, burgers, and more! Check it out!
4	Great veggie burger that is vegan too!  Even came with a side of vegan coleslaw :)Been back a few times now and the kitchen is more than accommodating :)
3	Gates & Brovi is a place to bring your kids or grandpa for a Friday night fish fry. The wooden am-in-the-galley-of-a-ship? interior is charming and the beach town checkered baskets of fried seafood might have you forgetting you're landlocked.I went in to score what I had seen on Yelp is a great vegan burger. I asked our waiter and it turns out it has egg in it (bummski). I got a beet and avocado salad which was tasty but, at the end of the day... a salad when I wanted a burger. This is a place to get yo' fingers and shorts greasy (am I the only one who still wipes their hands on their lap? I told you this was a good place for kids) and wash it down with a pint of beer. The selection is limited but I had a great Lake Louie pale ale, so no complaints here. The service was quick and our waiter was friendly. Solid three stars in ma book.
5	The best cheese curds in the world...
5	Wonderful food, had the calamari, fisherman's stew and cod cakes. Very, very good, especially the stew. Think they are serving Batch Bakehouse bread with the meal, as good as it gets.
4	Very glad I gave them a second chance.  My first visit was a few months after their opening date and was unimpressed beyond the atmosphere which reminded me of an East Coast fish house.  While I'm all for limited menus as long as what's offered are great choices, it was impossible for us to find anything we were even remotely interested in trying... and what we opted for tasted no better than your standard chain seafood restaurant.  I actually groaned when my friend suggested we meet for dinner & drinks on Tues. but was assured they had worked out their glitches & revamped the menu.  Very pleasantly surprised with the changes!  Finally it was hard for me to make a decision not due to nothing standing out but because I was torn between multiple items!  We started with calamari which had a panko type breading & no greasiness.  Moved on to the beet & avocado salad, a mix of wonderful summer flavors & large enough to share.  My friend ordered the cod cakes which I sampled and melted in your mouth.  Since I've been missing the South, I was drawn in by the Bluegill BLT with pimiento cheese.  GREAT sandwich and the addition of pimiento upped the flavor as well as held it together without being a huge mess.  Add a really good server to the mix & I can happily say I will be back.... and no groaning involved beyond that of a satisfied, full stomach.
2	I have been to Gates and Brovi twice. I did not write a review the first visit because I wasn't particularly impressed. I do not want to give an unfavorable review after only one visit. Truthfully, I cannot even recall what I ate. I just remember that no one at the table was thrilled with their food. We walked away full but the food was totally forgettable. The first visit was at night, the place was bustling. We had good service despite the crowd.A few days ago I visited Gates and Brovi at lunch time. It was a business meeting of sorts but my friend and I agreed that we would not bring our paperwork into the restaurant as not to "hog" a table during the busy lunch hour. It turned out we had nothing to worry about. We were at the restaurant for a couple of hours and there were many tables available during our stay.I had the shrimp salad sandwich and my friend had the eggplant sandwich. I thought the dressing on the shrimp was extremely thin and tasteless. The shrimp were small and probably had been frozen. The bread became soggy and there was  a sad little lettuce leaf for some desperately needed crunch. I ate the sandwich with a fork.The eggplant sandwich looked very appealing. It was a pretty plate of food. However, my friend stated that the sandwich was terribly under-spiced and just bland in general. So, I do not plan to return until I hear that changes have been made. The menu is very small and not many of the items drew my attention. I cannot believe that the restaurant is run by the same folks who own Sardine and Marigold. Both restaurants have consistently excellent food and a great vibe to go with it. I still hold out hope for Gates and Brovi for the future. ( I wish they would change the name).
1	A theme of East Coast beach from the 70s. This place was doomed from the start. Fried. Expensive. Zip for vegetarians. Obnoxious presence in the neighborhood with no parking. How soon will it go away?
5	Gates & Brovi is home to the best cheese curds in Madison. There, I said it. FIGHTIN' WORDS. Come at me, bro.Everyone has their favorite place...but I would literally crawl to G & B for their battered curds. They're crispy and not soggy...how a real cheese curd should be. I have enjoyed everything I've ordered. This place is amazing----I love the vibe, the food selection, and the craft cocktails.  Parking in this area is the only draw back. They have suggestions on their website, so I would plan ahead. It's an awesome option for those on bike----would be awesome if G & B invested in some established bike parking (I have yet to find a bike rack nearby...?)Whether you're local or visiting....don't miss this place.
5	Just had lunch at Gates and Brovi.  They now have these gorgeous pies on the menu.  I had sumptuous pecan pie with a dollop of maple whipped cream on the top.  My comrade had the apple caramel pie, which was a generous slice with gooey caramel across the plate.  In addition to the great black bean soup, lunch was perfect.But it's the pie that will make Gates & Brovi a destination stop for me.
5	Listen. If you haven't had the pies at G&B you might as well just go jump into lake Wingra right now because your life is not worth living. Seriously, turn off the Duck Dynasty marathon and book it because your mind is about to explode into a million tiny pieces. I'm inclined to just quit my job, sell my house, and sleep in the fucking arboretum so that I can wake up each morning to the smell of de-fucking-licious pies and just eat them all day long. I'm only keeping my job so that I have money to buy pies with. My first time, I ordered the pecan pie. Pecan gooeyness and maple fucking whippy shit and I just put it all in my face and ordered two more.
4	Great ambience...crab shack meets Wisconsin. Had a dozen oysters, each was big and delicious. A lb of shrimp for dinner boiled in a beer broth. My wife had a seafood stew, which was the special, wouldn't mind seeing that on the menu permanently. I'll be going back!
4	I love the urban vibe of this place: the high ceilings, the casual picnic style tables perfect for families or large gatherings, the cozy tables for two, and the attentive, friendly service. In fact as of late this corner bistro/bar has become my favorite neighborhood hang-out. One suggestion would be for the waitstaff to become a bit more knowledgeable about the origins of their beef. Although our waiter knew the beef came from a farm in Iowa, he knew little else other than the fact it's not organic-certified (wah, wah). In opting for the vegetarian burger, however, I must say it was the BEST veggie burger -bar none- that I have ever tasted! And I repeated this experiment on three other occasions to ensure it wasn't a fluke. The first time I tasted the veggie burger the waiter tore off the label from the box so I could check it out. The ingredients label indicated it contained 100% vegan & organic ingredients. I am not a vegetarian, and I have a hard time believing there can be anything low-fat about a veggie burger this good, but if you're looking to branch out from beef (not really meant for human consumption), you'd be hard-pressed to find one that made you miss the taste of beef any less than this one!
4	Moving it up to four stars as they have revised the menu since my last visit.  With the menu now matching the interior (more emphasis on seafood, etc), our meals were a hit.  My girlfriend and I split the calamari appetizer and it was some of the best in town.  The calamari was extremely tender and the breading was well seasoned but not overpowering.  For our entrees, we order the G&B salad and the cod sandwich.  The salad was solid whereas the cod sammy was definitely the highlight.  Soft homemade bun, a big chunk of fried cod, lettuce, onion, (hold the tomato), and american cheese and tartar sauce.  The cod was fried perfectly and all the flavors blended together perfectly.I won't be waiting another 10 months to visit again.......
2	Key word: bland.Fish fry: bland.Fried artichokes: bland.Potatoes: bland.Soup: surprisingly, way too salty.But hey, it cost practically nothing. I think the flaccid pile of fish I ate was about $9. This would have been a one-star review, but an entire star was salvaged by the incredible service provided by our waitress. She noticed that we weren't having a good time and surprised us with a free piece of pie! Gold star!Anyway, bleh.
1	Pleasant, somewhat contrived decor. Pseudo-exposed wood and brick, etc. We were a party of 10.The service was terrible. Slow to take our orders, and the waitress didn't know details about the simple menu. And when she said "I'll find out and let you know," she never did. Finally, the food arrived -- cold. The waitress didn't have any idea who ordered what, which was confusing for everyone. Some things delivered, some taken back, some given to the wrong person. Two orders were missing. The others ate while we waited for the missing meals. Finally, everyone was finished, and one missing order was delivered. The other never arrived. "Don't worry," said the waitress, "I removed the other hamburger from your bill." But upon inspection it wasn't, and we had to have that fixed. Simply ridiculous. A disaster.Even if it had arrived hot, the food was bland. The burgers, the calamari, the beet salad, the BLT, the three chicken tenders (for $8) -- all were unremarkable, yet very expensive. The selection of tap beer was poor too. If you like superficially stylish overpriced restaurants, then you might like it. If you actually like good food, good drinks, reasonable service, and a fair price, then don't go.
5	I said to my husband "I think they did 'Bar Rescue' on themselves." We stopped in the other night and I loved my spicy cocktail, the service was spot on while very busy, and we both had awesome meals. I recently left somewhere where I ate a lot of seafood that was local and the seafood stew was perfect for my post-travel and now-sick self. We were taken of care of and the food was very good.
4	I thought the fried shrimp were amazing! Definitely family friendly but for a busy Saturday night I was surprised kids got bar seats.The space is kind of a nautical theme and very cozy.  Service was fast and food was yummy.  I'd like to try the fish fry.
3	We went on a Friday night and it was packed with families at 6 PM.  We were luckily able to nab a spot at the bar and not have to wait 20 minutes for a table.  The bartenders were busy, but we never had to wait unnecessarily long for service.  They have a very large beer selection and a well-stocked bar.  They had about 6 signature drinks.  I didn't get one, but I saw the mint vodka lemonade being made and it looked good!  They used fresh mint and muddled it.  The menu was a little limited.  Lots of seafood options, so I don't recommend it if you aren't a fan of seafood, but if you are, it's a great place for you!  I got the Friday fish fry and had the option of cod or blue gill.  I chose the cod and it was pretty standard fish fry-nothing too special.  It was good and I enjoyed it, but it wasn't great.  I did like that they offered malt vinegar for the fish and fries and they served it with Ranch without me having to ask.  The coleslaw was good but a bit too acidic. My fiancee got the G&B Burger and enjoyed it.  He especially liked the special sauce.  However, I was disappointed that it didn't come with any fries or other sides for the price that it was.I liked the decor and atmosphere.  It made me think of a New England pub with the emphasis on seafood and beer.  Overall, it was a good dinner and I can't complain about much, but I don't know if I'd go back.  It seems like a great place for families with kids because of the pizza options.  The prices seemed fair as well.
1	Sounded like a good idea for a lunch. But really! A small hamburger not cooked to order with a small piece of pickle and some coleslaw? Not very upscale, unless you really think that plastic baskets holding your food is upscale. One would think that an upscale looking place with an upscale looking menu would actually have upscale tasting and upscale looking food, especially at the upscale sounding prices. I am much happier with New Orleans' Takeout at the other end of Monroe Street, where prices are half the cost and the food is delicious.Do not waste your time here unless you have a lot of money to waste and you don't care so much about what you're putting in your mouth.
4	Solid.  Madison needs good seafood places. Its good.  Not great.  Nothing spectacular to me, though my party disagreed, but the service is good, the happy hour specials are great.  Parking is iffy but its on Monroe street so whatcha gonna do.I ordered the pizza with the clams on it (forgot the name).  Solid.  wasn't amazing.  Wasn't mind blowing.  Came out nice and fresh.  Wife had the G&B burger and she said it was one of the best burger's she's ever had.  I had one bite of it.  Thought it was better than average but wasn't a "destination dish."  (Of which I am still searching for in Madison).Calamari was average.Kid friendly with a decent kid's menu.Solid place.  You can't go wrong.  Your mind won't be blown but on the other hand I don't think this place is vying for that.
3	Nice atmosphere. From the outside, it doesn't appear what it is inside. Appears as a great old building repurposed. Food is average, but not in a bad way. Service was great. Friendly.
4	This place was neat!  Wait staff was friendly and attentive.  We ordered cheese curds and the crab and spinach dip for appetizers.  Both were delicious. I had the special of the night for dinner which was some salmon burger and it was AMAZING!  That's salmon burger will get me going back there again and again.
4	As first timers we worried that it would be one of those neighborhood joints where kids were running wild.  We were pleasantly surprised to find the tables occupied by adults in conversation.  We were greeted promptly and our order was taken right away.  We did order wine which was served in cocktail glasses (guess they don't do much wine business).  Our food came promptly and it was very good.  Our overall experience was very good, with prompt and pleasant service and food that was pleasing to the eye as well as the palate.  We would come again.
2	Not a good restaurant!Nice atmosphere. The food is over priced, not very good, and it's not even served on a plate. Really?I was disappointed enough in it that I decided to post a review!
4	Very solid first experience. The parking may deter people not familiar with the area but it's really not that big of a deal. The outside of the building looks a bit too new for my tastes, which is why I ignored it for a while, but now I admit that's not a good reason to not give a solid restaurant a shot. The layout of the interior feels open in a good way and the bar area transitions nicely to the non-bar seating. The drink menu really caught my eye, quite a few interesting flavor combinations to try out. I had the hot trollope (double hot with extra jalapeno!) and it was strangely satisfying. I followed that up with a basil flavored drink which was also very interesting. My dinner companion commented that these sorts of drinks were 100% adult drinks, not for someone with a gooey sweet-tooth taste. I have to agree and I consider that a good thing. Several of the appetizer items looked appealing but we ended up skipping the first course. For the main course, I had the seafood stew. The tomato broth was nicely rich but the dish was so tasty that I wished the serving size was just a bit larger. Perhaps we would've been wise to have preceded this with an appetizer. The shrimp included were a bit too tough but that was really the only misfire. My companion had the special, which was a salmon gnocchi dish with summer squash and kale.  It had quite a subtle flavor profile compared to the stew I had but my companion thoroughly enjoyed it. I am definitely looking forward to trying this restaurant again.
5	I love love love the happy hour oysters! The burgers are amazing and so are the Parmesan garlic wings! Decent service. Great location and cozy family feel. The one thing I didn't like was the steep increase in price for the beer-steamed shrimp. They used to be one of my favorites until they doubled the price.
4	A nice meal and a nice evening out.  Ventured over to the westside for dinner.  Thought it may be crowded due to the all city swim meet at Nakoma, but we got right in and found a comfortable booth.  I enjoyed a variety of their taps.  Summer, so a weissbier and of course an IPA.For dinner, i kept my burger streak going and had the mushroom, gorgonzola cheese burger.  Messy and delicious.  I didn't read the menu very closely and was surprised when not asked about fries, chips etc.  So, was very surprised to not get any.She had the chicken picatta, and loved it!! The lemon caper garlic sauce on top of the breaded chicken was oohed on.  The potatos completed a delicious serving.  We finished, thought about dessert, and so went with the cheese curds.  They were pretty good.  Lightly battered and even better without the sauce.  We'd visit again.
3	Finally had a chance to get over to Monroe St and check out Gates & Brovi.  The yelp reviews on here were such a mixed bag that I wasn't sure what to expect, but it looked like a cosy place from the outside and I generally like the Monroe street establishments.We went on a Friday night after work, which I'd expect would be crazy busy but we were in the mood for a new place.  It was reasonably busy considering, but they have a lot of open space so it didn't feel like it.  I'll agree with other Yelpers here that the acoustics are pretty bad, being that it's one giant room.  The atmosphere was fairly loud, although you can still hold a conversation.The wait for a booth was going to be a while so we snagged a seat at the bar.  They had one bartender for about 20-25 people there.  He was a nice guy but not terribly attentative, and we were probably there a half hour more than we needed to be as a result.  I ordered an Old Fashioned and wasn't too happy with the taste, but otherwise was enjoying a Friday night out.Based on the bartender's suggestions my wife ordered a G&B burger and I ordered the lasagna special with side salad, along with some cheese curds for an appetizer.  The cheese curds were really good as others had mentioned, I'd definitely rank them pretty high up for the Madison area.  My wife enjoyed her burger, but my lasagna was extremely mediocre, which I was surprised by since it's virtually impossible to mess up pasta.  It just had a bland taste and a sauce that didn't do much for it.Prices were expensive.  Granted we had a few beers, but at the end of the meal our check was $70/75 after tip for two people.  If this were a place that I felt had more going for it I'd be comfortable with that amount, but I don't think I'll be making a return visit.  Even if some food choices are better than others, the atmosphere is too disjointed, certainly not the cosy interior I perceived from driving by.
3	For my second visit, we started off with the cheese curds which quickly arrived. The balance of breading to cheese seemed about perfect to me though if you like heavy breading, these may not be for you. For the main course I ordered the chicken piccata. It came too early into the appetizer and it was topped with scads of capers and garlic, which at first glance looked like too much stuff. I quickly changed my mind once I tore into the dish. Wonderful tangy lemony briney salty flavor. I happen to love salt, a lot, so if you were on a restricted sodium diet, this dish might be too much for you. The chicken came on a small bed of sliced potatoes, which were satisfactory - clearly they weren't meant to be the star of the dish. The only food misfire was the side of broccoli rabe. It had a brutal acrid taste of what I imagine cigarette ash might be like. Very odd but my dinner companion wholeheartedly agreed with this assessment. They kindly offered a replacement of simply steamed broccoli rabe but it was some of the most bitter veggies I've ever had. My only other big complaint was the ridiculous level of noise. A restaurant with food and drinks this good  and a place sporting a nice friendly neighborhood bar vibe does not really need TVs everywhere. I will make sure I don't go back when there is a big sports game going on that will be televised.
4	I came here for a double date on a Saturday night. Reading the reviews on Yelp, I had my bar set a little lower than usual. However, I was pleasantly surprised!We has the veggie fritters and oysters for apps. The fitters were basically lightly fried, tempura(ish) style veggies. They were tasty combined with the sauce it was served with. The oysters tasted fresh and were served with the usual Tabasco, crackers and horseradish. For dinner, I had the Fisherman's stew with was a combo of seafood (oysters, clam, fish, crab, mussels) in a spicy tomato broth. It was served with a side of French bread. I really enjoyed the stew. I highly recommend it. My wife had the seafood penne pasta. It was also very tasty and well prepared. Presentation and portions were right on. We also had homemade cherry pie ala mode. It was delicious!Overall, decor and environment was very nice. The food was tasty. It was very pricey so be prepared to spend a lot if you go with a three course meal. Do not go here on a game day or night unless you want to actually watch the game. It gets very loud!
5	I come here every time I'm in town for business... Right across the street from Arbor House my fav spot to stay... Food is incredible, fresh and innovative. Had the salmon burger this week rocked my world!!! Got persuaded to try dessert and found out their pie baker won the Wisconsin State Fair for his pies!!! Peach caramel pie. I'm quite sure one if the best things I've ever eaten! Ever!
4	First off, go early because parking is terrible.  I know they aren't totally in control of the parking but because of this I can't give a perfect review.However, once you find a parking spot everything gets much, much better.  This is one of our go-to neighborhood spots for a casual dinner or even just cocktails.  Get the hot trollop cocktail...a margarita with jalapenos in it...totally great!Nice, upper-class decor that's much better than the dark wood paneling of most supper clubs in Madison.  Gates & Brovi is a family favorite.
