4	Good pizza, which you can order thin or deep dish, great fries (called "nuclear fries here, and for good reason!)Close to the airport, so makes an easy last stop.
5	Great pizza.  Take advantage of the deal they often have M-Th 2:30-4:30pm when pizzas are half price.  Yummy bread.  Great pasta pie and pepperoni pizza.  Tropicana is the best location.
4	Metro has great pizza (served piping hot on silver stands) and solidly decent calzones and pasta.The best part about Metro is the atmosphere: The tables are covered in white butcher paper and each table is given a pile of crayons.  While this may be a ploy to distract customers from the hungry anxiety of waiting for their order (you can't watch steaming pizzas carried through the restaurant - past your table - while you're occupied with tic-tac-toe), the wait hasn't been unbearably long in my experience.They also have theme nights, like 70's/Woodstock and Hawaiian.  I seem to remember something about dressing up and getting some sort of discount.  This is great place for a lively group outing.  (The Flamingo/Decatur location is slightly more intimate).In sum: A casual, fun place with good pizza.
5	Vegas is known for a lot of things.  Gambling, of course.  Bright lights, yes.  Hookers, drugs, and what happens here staying here - yes, yes, and not so much, you idiot.  It WILL get back to your wife.  Anyway, I digress - Vegas is known for a lot of things.  One thing it's NOT known for is good pizza.  Generally the Hut is the pick of the litter for most people in the valley.  If only those poor, misguided souls knew about the wonders of Metro Pizza.Always hot and fresh, and always more than you can eat, Metro serves up the best pies in the city.  From regular you-call-its to different and tempting specialties to stuffed pizzas so huge that finishing one slice is a task, everything offered here is top notch.  And it doesn't stop at pizzas - pastas, salads, sandwiches, calzones, paninis - I've never heard one person complain about anything they've eaten from here.Their dine in service is great, their carry out service is always prompt and the orders correct.  The only thing to be wary of is the dinnertime crowds; but if that many people like it, you know it's good.
5	I was in charge of a bachelor party and needed to get enough food to a hotel to feed 18 guys before heading out for an evening's debauchery.  I asked around town, and the results were unanimous:Two Vegas Yelpers: "Metro Pizza."Waitress at the TI pool: "Metro Pizza."Cabbie: "Metro Pizza, and then let me take you to Treasures, they got the hottest girls in town."Kandi at Treasures: "Metro Pizza."So I went with Metro Pizza, and it was great.  The pizzas were a little pricey but you certainly get what you pay for.  They deliver to the strip for only a small surcharge, they got the pizzas there when they said they would, and everyone was impressed with the quality of the pizza.  I'll be back in Vegas in two weeks and am definitely going to order from them again.
4	I was looking for a place to go with a group of friends, and we spotted this place on Yelp.Summary- Pizza so good you'll slap your momma.We had a stuffed meat pizza, 2 pitchers of beer, and a huge appetizer for less than $60. It was epic and amazing. I actually took a picture of the pizza to show people. If you have a car and can make it about a mile off the strip, eat here.
4	Metro Pizza is one the liveliest pizza joints I've ever been to and its more like a dining / catering hall as it looked like a cafeteria inside with a lot of buzz from hungry customers everywhere.  Plenty of groups are eating here and while the price of the pizza is a bit hefty, however, its absolutely delicious.  This would be a prime location for many Vegas drunkards, but they don't open late unfortunately.The thin crust pizza was just light enough to feel the crisp and it was pizza that tasted clean and wasn't all over the place.  Deep crust looked equally delicious and the meat pie was a savage's delight.  It was full of sauce, plenty of toppings, and thick enough to where people with small mouths would have trouble biting down.  Its not all about pizza here, their salads look very hearty and the fantastic "nuclear fries" are a heart attack waiting in a box.
4	Metro Pizza is really good.  My wife and I are rather unadventurous, so we usually just get a regular pie with pepperoni and sausage.  The bread they give you beforehand is also very good.  The ambiance at the newer locations is much nicer, but if you want a trip back to the 80s, check out the one on Decatur.
5	I found this place on yelp, and for that I need to thank my fellow yelpers who gave us this tip.  Pizza was fabulous, as were the garlic fries, but the free bread at the beginning was out of this world.  We had one of their specials with basically every kind of meat, peppers and onions.  It was really very good.  Service was quick and very polite.  I liked it so much I took the leftovers to the hotel room, set them on the A/C and ate it the next day for breakfast.  BTW the large pizzas are HUGE.  A little pricey but it was good enough to justify the cost.
5	Food is always good. If you come in on the right day (check the calendar), they might be doing free nuclear fries (very good) or free canolis (also very yummy). It's good for dates or for large groups. Really it's just always good.
3	A bit overrated...Considering all its accolades, I was not wowed by the pizza at Metro. I can name dozens of places I've been to with better pizza. Price and bad service by employees who appear to be CCSN rejects doesn't help either, but the atmosphere was nice.
3	This is a family hang out., I cant count the times when we went there to make decisions.  Chicago style thin crust. My Fave is the sausage and mushroon extra cheese, enough to take home after. Skip the desert, but after all that Pizza who needs the calories?
4	THE ORDER:Pasta pie w ziti noodles insideYIPPEEE:Pizza - very unusual             thick, a 1 slice mealBOOO:Pizza not very pizza like - more like lasagna or calzone
4	I've been eating here for years. Excellent pizza and great house-made salad dressing. This time we dined here we ordered the Four Corners Pizza $23. It is a pizza topped Eggplant/Ricotta on 2 slices, Sausage/Garlic 2 slices, Ricotta/Spinach/Garlic 2 slices, and Sausage/Peppers/Onions 2 slices. This was an amazing pizza. I had at least a bite of every kind and they were all very good. I really liked the crust too. This pizza was huge!!!-1 star because our server was horrible. He took our order and then brought the bill that's it. Thankfully his busser was very good and made sure we had everything we needed. I really like this places pizza. I will definitely continue to go back to Metro Pizza.
4	We come here a lot in a group for our celebrations. I didn't like it the first time (nuclear fries should be insanely spicy, dammit!) but in subsequent visits I've really enjoyed the veggie pizza, the cheese, and the other dishes I've had (salads, mostly). They serve pasta and dessert as well (I had a decent a la mode here). I am not a fan of deep dish, which is I think what made the first time not good for me. Many of my coworkers are from Chicago, and they get this meat concoction - I think it's called the Slaughterhouse or something. Every morsel is gone before we leave.
3	I've been to this Metro Pizza location twice.  The first time was great.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I had the Old New Yorker and it was excellent.  The crust was thin and crisp and the toppings were perfect.  Although this location isn't the closest to us, our experience was so good, that my wife and I decided to drive over to this location about a month later.The second vist was poor.  From the point where I started noting the time, it took over 30 min. to get our individual size pizzas.  Our waiter was unbelievable.  Some of his friends came in and he chose to sit with them which was really great for him because the conversation took his mind off our hunger.  Eventually the food came.  The crust on my pizza was perfect, however, the toppings were a slimey mess with uncooked green peppers and onions.  When we were done eating, I finally grew weary of waiting and had to go over to where my waiter was seated with his dinner companions and request my bill.I'm averaging a 4 star visit and a 1 star visit and adding 0.5 (i.e. the benefit of the doubt) to get 3 stars.  BUT, next time I'll go to another location.
4	Yummm thin crust pizza in vegas :) I'm sold! Pizza was delish. Service was great (it was a quiet tuesday night though) and we didn't have to wait long for our pizza. In the "waiting time" they serve you fresh bread. No complaints :) I'll be back when my next pizza craving hits!
4	Good, friendly, attentive service.  Generous portions.  Good pizza.  Even yummier garlic sourdough bread with real butter while I waited for my pizza.  I thought it took a little too long for my pizza to arrive but maybe that's because I was hungry, and was fighting the urge to gobble all the bread before the pizza arrived and I found myself too full to do more than taste it.  A "small" pizza is way too big for one person--it lasted 3 days (but no complaints about that--it was still good pizza on day three).My only complaint is that the restaurant is painfully noisy, even when I'm not having one of my hyper-acute hearing days.
2	I tried the Old New Yorker and Four Corners and have had better pizza. The complimentary bread is one of the worst I've had.Don't bother ordering the individual size, I think it's about 1/3 for half of the price or the large size. Price-wise it's not that cheap either.They have daily promotions, tough.
3	Best pizza in Vegas! Vegas--you're in trouble if that's true. It's not bad pizza, I just think that the election is rigged. The owners are smart and humor runs high in their marketing ploys. Gimmicks like getting a discount on certain day if you're name is Mark are pretty brilliant. The service is also pretty on point and upbeat. The place itself is designed to feel homey like a pizza joint should and succeeds. I am especially fond of the mammoth booths. Extraneous seating is always a winner in my book.  The special on my day is that you got free Nuke fries with your order. The spicy Nuke fries are o.k., but I think I would be upset if I paid for them. Gesture appreciated though. Metro has four Eastside specialties on their menu--so my friend and I went with the Four Corners, which gives you two slices of each Eastsides. With exciting toppings like eggplant and ricotta in the mix--I thought the Four Corners was going to be a knockout, but the uppercut never came. I got rabbit punched instead. The idea is good topping-wise on these pizzas, but the ingredients all feel very commercial--like straight out of a can or factory. Also, the Large pizza is pretty large--so only order thick crust if you are starving or if you want to take some with you. The Four Corners hit the spot as far as my pizza craving, but surely there is better pizza in town. That being said, the pizza hounds have been let loose and the hunt begins!
4	Pizzas are the staple sharing food of all time.  It's easy to order, most everyone likes it, and there's usually more than enough to go around.  I don't eat much of it outside the home, especially if it's just the two of us.  But since we had our friend with us, sharing a pie was the way to go.It's my first time at Metro Pizza and the Husband has good things to say about the place.  While the guys decide on their pizza of choice, I'm curious about Our Famous House-Baked Garlic Knots "Six of our freshly baked and famously soft Garlic Knots." ($4.95) and the Husband and waiter definitely agrees to my great choice.The guys decide on a large of The Gotham "Pepperoni, Mushrooms, Sausage, Green Peppers, Ground Beef, and Onions" ($22.95).We also decide to share a bottle of the Volpi, Barbera d'Asti from Piedmonte, Italy ($22).  It wasn't quite what we expected, but that was our fault.Warm bread and butter are then brought to our table, which I find interesting to receive at a pizza shop.  We already have a lot of bread coming our way, but it's still appreciated.  The garlic knots arrive with marinara sauce and it's so good - so good because it's doused in garlic butter!  Yum yum!  Your fingers are dripping from the oily goodness and I had more than my fair share.When the pizza arrives, it looks pretty generous.  We all dive in and my first response is that "It could be warmer..."  The Husband agrees because from his seat, he saw that the pizza had been sitting on the counter for our waiter to bring to us for awhile.  So it could have arrived piping hot like it should have.  Chunky pieces of sausage are the first thing I notice and the last thing I remember.  It's pretty good stuff, and yes, we had leftovers.Overall, good pizza, huge restaurant space.  Service could be improved, especially by bringing our pizza over when it's ready.  (It was near empty when we came on a Saturday night.)  Other yelpers mentioned the cost, they do have coupons in the Entertainment Book to help with that concern.3.5 stars(Pics posted!)
4	Very good pizza off the strip in Vegas.  Cool place to order some pitchers of beer and watch the games to see how your parlays pan out.  Nice medium crust pizza with good flavor.  I definitely would go back to this place - about 5 minutes from the strip.
4	Love it all the time.....the lunch specials are great.  Love the house dressing.    Great service, and quirky "specials".
5	OMG I had the stuffed pizza and chicken wings from this place. If crack was in the form of food, this would be it. What more can you expect from the 6 year Zagat rated best pizza joint.
5	Okay! Time to settle any queries that any people may have about how to find the best pizza in Las Vegas!Metro Pizza is FANTASTIC!!!! Disputes are now deemed over!The service is exceptional every time I go there and the pizzas are no joke. There are daily specials offered everyday for the weirdest things. Good specials too! They give you a great discount if your name is listed on the daily special on each table. How cool is that? After reviewing the list, I found that my name is not there, but that's ok.If you like garlic and basil on your pizza, there is a specific pizza you must try. Look for it on the menu (the name escapes me!).The garlic and basil is chopped fresh and loaded on the surface of the pizza. The aromas waft through the air and tease your senses as you drool on top of your slice. If you have any room left in your stomach, try the Meatball sliders. They are to die for!!!Finally, if you still have room after the meatball sliders, please, please, please order the Cannolis! The filling is made on the premises everyday (according to the owners) and they are stuffed full. I guarantee you can not eat just one! Very delectable and satisfying.
5	This place was definitely one the best parts of Las Vegas for me.Fat.Girl.Carb.Heaven with the bread they serve while you are waiting for your main entrees.Its steaming hot right out of the oven. The sesame crust was super crunchy and the inside was so soft and completely melted the butter within one second of putting it on.With 7 people ordering 7 small pizzas, we got to try so many different, super tasty varieties.The shrimp pizza was my absolute favorite.We also tried a chicken, basil and tomato pizza that initially came with artichoke hearts which we substituted for spinach.All of the pizza I tried really were so awesome. We each ended up with about 6 different slices of all different kinds and it was way cool.We had about 2 full pizzas left over after. That happens when a bunch of still half drunk hungry cows are let loose with junk food.I definitely see why my friends insisted we not leave without coming here. They know my fat tendencies. (:
4	I had heard that this place was one of the 10 best in the country--I had to try it.  Their pies are definitely a good value as the toppings are of great quality and plentiful.  Their crust is excellent too. But to me the sauce is the third pillar of great pizza and that is where these guys are lacking.
5	best pizza in vegas, for sure
5	When you're in Vegas and you want some good pizza delivered, check out Metro. They've got most of Vegas covered. Since the closest shop had just sent their driver out, it was going to take a lot longer to get our pizza for delivery. They said it would be 20 minutes for pick-up. This gave us a great reason to go out and get beer. ;)Got to Metro and the place was so cute. Red and white checkered tablecloths. It looked like the old school pizza places in NY in old movies, but in a cool, modern way. The aroma that wafted from the pizza box on the way back to the hotel was driving me nuts. It smelled soooooooo good. Get back to the hotel, open that puppy up and there were just toppings galore and a taste that reminded me of my favorite pizza place back home.Next time you're up for a little late night pizza, call Metro. You won't be disappointed!
1	I agree with Insider Pages, the staff is super rude for either dine-in or to-go, I guess I am not pretty enough or the right color. Beware of cashier 19. The manager is controlled by the staff. In this economy with those prices and that attitude: NO THANK YOU! Never again. Try DaVinci Pizza down the road, the owner takes pride in his pizza and the taste is almost as good for half the price.
1	I have been ordering from metro for four years now and every time I order it has gotten progressively worse. I used to think they were one of the better pizzas in Vegas, that don't say much because most pizza out here is terrible in comparison to the Brooklyn pizza I am used to. What has totally turned me away from metro Pizza is the recent run around I had with my take out order. I ordered two dinners and two salads. The eggplant dinner was extremely greasy and burned, then when I got to the bottom of my salad there was a 6inch diameter piece of plastic at the bottom of my salad. Now having eaten most of my meal I was so sick to my stomach I vow to never eat from Metro Pizza again. When I called back to tell the manager and get a refund she was rude didn't believe me and was reluctant to give me any attention. I felt I deserved better service then this especially since I belong to their "pizza" club. In this club they send me coupons that are practically useless, and if I save eight pizza clippings from the mailer I can get one pizza free, if I dine-in. Now these coupons if your lucky come once a month so I have to wait about a year of eating pizzas from this crap place to get one free?? I should get one free just because metro pizza charges way too much for a regular pizza as it is. All in all, this place will never get my business again.
5	stayed at the marriot and one night my family and i felt like geting pizza and the front desk recommended Metro pizza.it was a lil pricier than my usual choice of delivery pizza but IT WAS WORTH THAT LITTLE BIT MORE!we ordered the gothem pizza and their chicken wings. They were delicious! especially the pizza was amazing, i would order it again next time i stay their.the delivery guy was older han i expected, i think he might have been the owner, he gave us 2 house brew rootbeers on the house. it was very wonderful of him!
5	MMMmmmmmmmmmm! FIVE STARSI had to the large stuffed (everything?) pizza and a bbq calzone to split among six and there were left overs. The prices are good! Pitchers of beer and soda are cheap!
5	I'm Italian and from Chicago.  I am used to having a certain caliber of pizza.  Not deep-dish pizza like everyone thinks is the only kind served in Chicago, either.  Local Chicago people mostly eat thin-crust pizzas and it's hard to find a bad one in Chicago.  Now on to Metro.Most of the pizza is Vegas is bad.  That's just the way it is.  Too many pizza places here trying to sell cheap pizza with bad ingredients.  There are actually a few places in Vegas now that have Chicago-style thin crust pizza.  Metro is the best one.  Metro serves only one kind of Chicago pizza called the "Triple Play."  It's a thin-crust pizza with cheese and LOTS of sausage.  I always order mine with only half the normal amount of sausage because they actually put too much on.  This is by far the best Chicago-style thin crust pizza I have had in Vegas and for that it gets 5 stars.  They order the sausage straight from Chicago.  I know because I asked the manager once before because it tastes just like sausage I would get in Chicago which is to say it's damn good.  You can also go there and buy this sausage by the pound which I do often because it's the best Italian sausage you can find in Vegas.
3	Went here for  a snack right after the UNLV  REBELs  thrashed  top ranked BYU 88-74. I had the chicken marsala sandwich. It was very bland and lacked flavor. The ciabatta bread was too dense or thick for me. My friend had the Italian sub which did not look too appetizing. The pepperoni pizza was OK. Next time I will stick to the pizza. Do not even bother ordering anything else. Service was a little below average. We did not get our drinks refilled. The weird looking bus girl was a bit too detached from her duties. Not the best. Not the worst.
4	Metro Pizza is a good local pizza chain with many options - probably the closest thing in Las Vegas to a good, local, homegrown small pizza outfit with a few locations, and good dining options at the restaurant.I have been a customer of Metro Pizza for 15 years +, and their food and service is pretty consistent, and many of their staff have been around for many years - an indication in my mind of a good solid employer if wait staff, busboys, etc... stay at a restaurant for many years.The pizza is of high quality, and many varieties are available - different crusts, toppings, etc...  I particularly like the San Gennaro pizza with the thick 'Metro' crust.  I generally favor their thicker crusts here as opposed to the thin crusts, which are more standard in my mind.Salads are good too - the antipasti salad is excellent, and the chicken pasta salad is also excellent - their dressings are very good - balsamic, honey dijon, house special, etc...Good lunch specials as well for under $10.Main issues I have had are minor, generally wait at lunch can be long.  I favor their Tropicana location near UNLV over others, but the Horizon Ridge location is ok too - food is consistent, I have just gone to the Trop location for a longer time.They also have a good calendar of events (which unfortunately is not updated online enough at their website) - they do many specials - i.e. discounts for your name, wearing UNLV colors, holidays, etc...  I also very much enjoy when they have events for kids to make their own pizza, lessons on making their really good bread, etc...Highly recommended, good value based on reasonable prices and good quality, good local small business that appears to treat their staff well and delivers good food and service.  This business appears to be a  good community citizen.
5	ONLY good place to get pizza in all of Las Vegas. I love thin crust pizza, they make it to perfection! The antipasto salad is VERY delicious as well.
3	Sometimes it's not about the glitz and the glam in Vegas. Sometimes you just want three giant pizza pies (and two salads) delivered up to your suite in the Mandalay Bay so you can continue playing beer pong and refilling your cups with cold beers you have chilling in your sink filled with ice. But where to go? Thanks for this one Yelp - my little blackberry pearl directed my call to Metro Pizza.Opening that lid was kind of like when the Goonies find that sack full of jewels at the end of the movie. I was amazed by all the delightful, legitimate toppings and the bountiful size! We were saved! Well, from our hunger anyway.Metro Pizza was an easy solution to our "oh god I don't want another Sushi Fuku experience here".  Post meal, everyone was well fed and ready to take on the night. A-OK because we were charged twice on two different cards. Make sure to check your statement for delivery orders, or just pay cash. If by chance this happens to you, make sure to call them and let them know. Greg was happy to clear up the incident, and apologized for it as well. It's also on the pricier side as far as your pizza options go, but a good choice for Vegas.
4	Last time I went to Metro Pizza was a few years ago and didn't blow my skirt up. Coming from back east its hard finding decent pizza here. When you are used to a certain quality its hard to change. Its on par with eating fresh pasta every day and then suddenly only being able to eat Spaghetti O's.On this visit I really enjoyed myself though. I ignored prices (hard to do when they are so high) and went with the Olde New York pie. Really, really, really good. I ended up forcing myself to eat more than I should have because it tasted so good. Not really the NY style that I am used to but it was very good. The server was very nice and the place is clean and well kept.The only negative is the price. Ok so I let myself go this time and put out the $23 and change for a large pie. Will I do it again? Probably not. If I had money to blow I would eat there all the time, so for you rich kids out there go for it!Although I may go back to try the Mac & Cheese as Matt C seems to love it.
1	It's been over a month, and I'm still waiting on the resolution of the double charging for our pizza we ordered. Not worth it if they make a mistake, because there is clearly no urgency to correct it. I'm not talking $30 bucks here. We were charged $124 TWICE.Don't order from here. I wish we would have ordered somewhere else, eaten less delicious pizza for less money, and only been charged once. What happened to what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas? This mess sure didn't.
4	Will seem average to you if you get your normal pepperoni and sausage.  try the specialty pizzas or 3 or more toppings and you'll notice the difference as it begins to stand out.  Crust will not bend, the cheese will stretch, and your stomach will be satisfied.Crunchy crust.  The service was good as well. dude was pretty cool, took pictures of us and everything.  i just can't find em! ha!
4	Very good little mini-chain - definitely a better choice than any national chain for good pizza.I've been going to Vegas for years, but on my last trip over the holidays, I made more of an effort to check out dining options away from the hotels and away from the strip.  I decided on a small pizza taste test and Metro Pizza came up in my research.Came hear with my brother and we ordered a pie, half pineapple and mushroom for him, and half sausage and onion for me.  I thought my portion was fresh tasting and had solid ingredients.  The sausage was nicely seasoned, done up in small balls (see my pic).  The sauce and cheese was better than average, and the crust was thin, but not ultra New Yorky type thin.All in all, a better than solid pie IMHO.
5	This is my absolute favorite pizza place here in Las Vegas. I've been coming to this chain since my college years (90's) so the decor has changed from kitchy (think Appleby's and TGIFridays- since renovated) to a classic rustic italian restaurant with numerous tv's playing sporting events. My favorite pizza is the Gotham- sausage, peppers, onions, mushrooms.I've had other pizzas here but I no longer choose the road less traveled. My husband introduced the Gotham to some out of town friends- they loved it. I've had the eggplant parmesan sandwich and the calzone- which are excellent. They're both too big for me to finish, so plan on leftovers unless you wanna split it with a large party. The calamari appetizer is very good and worth mentioning. The service is really good. You get fresh warm bread and butter while you wait for your pizza or entrees. I am so glad that this place, even with its popularity and loyal following, still participates in the entertainment book, with numerous coupons. Also worth mentioning the huge pizza (30"?) that you can order to go, as well. Also, there are specials like the "50% off pizza between 2-4 pm" on weekdays only.
5	My must stop whenever I am in Vegas.  I love their pizza, it's delicious!  I have recommended it to several friends, and I always seem to get a phone call thanking me for recommending it.  The Stockyard is my favorite, if I lived in Vegas I would be much fatter because I would be here all the time.
3	This location of Metro is the reason I have a love hate relationship with this local mini-chain. My rating then is a composite rating for every two good visits I've had to this location, I have had one bad visit. My most recent visit was on Monday, and it was with a large group from my office. I called ahead a couple hours to let them know we had a large group coming. They asked for the exact  time, and I gave it to them. However, when we showed up, a few minutes before the time I gave them, it was almost as if I never called at all. It was lunch time, but it wasn't all that busy. They asked if we wanted table or booth (there were 12 of us) and I said table, as I had on the phone. Instead of being placed in the back right corner where I've been on at least 6 occasions when with a group of 10 or more, we were placed in the middle of the main dining area, despite the other area only have 2 customers. Normally, I wouldn't be upset at that, but because I've encountered some of the worst customer service I've experienced anywhere at this location, I knew it was par for the course. For the most part the group got the lunch special (pizza & salad or pasta and salad). My pizza was fine, and I've never had bad food here, so again that is part of my love hate relationship with Metro. Depending on the day your order could take 25 minutes or 45 minutes. With this large group we only waited 30, which I thought was actually pretty good. The server did struggle keeping up with our drink refills, but I am not going to hold that against them.I will be honest, I only come to this location for work related meals. If it is for personal meals, I go to the Decatur and Flamingo location as its more quaint and never as busy. I wish I could say that Metro is worthy of their Best of Las Vegas, and maybe they are if it was solely based on food, but I think they need to re-think their service strategy if they want to continue their reign.
5	This is the first Metro Pizza I ever had the pleasure of visiting. It was introduced to me by my girlfriend at the time whom went to UNLV for a while. BEST DAMNED PIZZA AROUND! We had the "SKYLINE" and the "GARLIC FRIES" on my first visit with her. Both of which were some of the absolute best things I have ever eaten in my life. I would come here every time I wanted pizza if I lived here.  They even have a daily calendar for specials you have to see to appreciate. As well as kids nights where they can learn about pizza making. Thank you Beth H., for introducing me to one of the best places to eat in Las Vegas. Just for the record, I still do and always will love you...
5	I am a native New Yorker I will keep it short and to the point - Best pizza west of New York City.
4	The pizza's pretty good, but OH MY GOSH THE GARLIC KNOTS! I would give those knots five stars if they were New York style (bite sized! Like popcorn!) but they are huge and I can only eat a few. They're amazing, though. They practically melt in your mouth. You just have to try one. One order, I mean. And don't share it.
4	Everything on their menu is astoundingly good. Best pizza in Las Vegas from the many places I have tried so far. Rosati's is a close second. Metro's Cheese and Macaroni is rich, cheesy, rich, decadent, and RICH! There is a reason why they put the "Cheese" in the name first. They use all cheese and only cheese ... no fillers, and you can taste the difference.  Wow. As a self-proclaimed cheese slut, I must admit this M&C beats any other I've ever had ... so far. Garlic Knots:  like thick, soft bread sticks, tied in a knot and smothered in garlicy butter, served with marinara ... I could easily make a meal of these alone.  Another WOW dish.  Metro Pizza is carb nirvana for this girl!
3	I really wanted to give this place a higher score, but I wanna sleep at night.  I was excited to come here for two reasons I love pizza and of course all the buzz following this place.  Finally made it down and left pretty disappointed.  Literally before I could sit down some one was hovering over me asking me what I wanted to drink.  Before I could look at the menu to see what they had, and they just stand there until you decide.  Being a swell guy and not wanting to feel uncomfortable and leave the kid standing there I just ordered a Coke. When the server arrived it was not the same person who took my drink order.  So I took a gander around the place and noticed they have the bus boys bun rushing the guests with drink orders before they sit.  My sister and I decided to try the hot and spicy fries for an appetizer.  When they came it looked like fries with a light sprinkle of pepper.  To be honest the fries had a odd smell and the flavor I was not a fan of at all.Now the pie.  We went with the family favorite sausage and mushroom.  When it came out I was a bit surprised with the size.  But a good surprise of course.  Metro make a really good pizza.  If I would have just had the pizza itself I would given it a four star.  But the whole experience for me wasn't great hence the 3 star.  Maybe I was expecting too much from this place, but with all of there locations a bit far from where I live and having some other great places closer I don't know when I will be back.
4	I've never actually eaten IN Metro Pizza... I have always called in the order and went to pick it up or had it delivered.-1 star: $5.00 delivery charge and a $2.00 credit card charge from over the phone!  really?!?However, I have ordered two things from this place only:-Chicken Pasta Saladtri-color rotelli pasta, broccoli, olives w/ breaded chicken breast and their house dressing AND honey cayenne dressing.  OMG!  This is so damn good!  It's a HUGE portion and I ALWAYS get a stomach ache because I try and eat the whole thing, yes- its that good.Their homemade dressings are insane.  The honey cayenne is delicious!-Pizza, all typesthe crust is perfect, cooked perfect and toppings are perfect. (can we say perfection?  haha!)Personally, I think their prices are a little steep, but its defintely worth the splurge every once-in-a-while....now I want some pizza!
4	Because I am a cool teacher, we held our last full class of the semester here! It gives my co instructor and I a chance to chat with our students as well as chow don on some good pizza at great prices!We went during happy hour when Pizzas are 50% off. We had great service, our server didn't even right anything down and she got it all correct! I was amazed because there was 10 of us.Our group ordered many different pizzas, some stuffed, pasta a well as salads and a couple desserts. One of my students got a strawberry shake that looked really good!Overall it was a great experience and drink refills were aplenty!
5	Very delicious thin crust pizza! Went to this location on the recommendation of a Las Vegas local and was not disappointed. Had a basic pepperoni & mushroom thin crust pie and we wanted to bring as much leftovers home just to savor the taste even longer! One of the best thin crust pizzas I've ever had!
4	I chose Metro Pizza based on the reviews that I read on Yelp. I was very skeptical as I was catering for a rehearsal dinner in Las Vegas from Miami! I called the catering department a few weeks in advance and Julie couldn't have been more helpful....considering I must have called her back a few times with changes. She was very patient and accomodating! I even called her the day before the dinner, because we forgot about dessert....and she came through with flying colors. The food was delivered on time, and our delivery guy - Steve was the best. They had forgotten the sauce for our wings, and he returned with it a short time later! The garlic knots and meatballs were sensational! The pizza and italian sausages were delicious as well. A lot of food for a reasonable price.  Everything was a big hit with our guest....who are "italian food connoisseurs"!   I plan to use them again when we go back to Vegas!
4	Great pizza - although slightly heavy for a thin crust. The place has a good atmosphere, very "family" and always busy.I've read a lot of negative reviews about the service, but I really don't think the bussers are rude, just maybe not too experienced since everyone seems to be a high school kid. Overall, I think it's pretty prompt and friendly.Prices are decent and they have a bar.
5	Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I always stop by Metro Pizza at least once! They are AWESOME!!!The last time we were here, we ordered their meatball sliders with garlic romano fries, and a large pizza (half flying piggle, half buffalo chicken w/ blue cheese)they first served us some delicious bread with butter, and not long after, our meatball sliders. All of the food was delicious!regarding food, I've liked everything that we've ever ordered from the first time we've visited up 'til the last, and I'm looking forward to our next trip to Vegas for their pizza! ( you can't go wrong with their pizza!)things you should try:appetizers:     meatball sliders     nuclear fries     garlic romano friespizzas:     the flying piggle     Buffalo     the Gotham     Memphis     tip: make sure you check their calendar on their website for discounts! http://www.metropizza.com/calendar
4	It's February 23rd, I'm doing a trade show in town, and I didn't want to miss American Idol tonight, as they are cutting them down to the top 24... and I'm an Idol-head. So the plan, with about an hour and some minutes to Idol, was to go to Metro, eat there, and leave with "togo" containers when it was fifteen minutes to Idol. We're staying at the Hilton Grand Vacation on Karen. Oh, and my 4 star rating? Consider it more a 3.5, but if you average in the decent layout for family and kids, the more complete menu beyond pies, and overall experience, I have to go with 4 stars.So, I'm in Vegas for a trade show, again. And when here, like any local, I do have my favorite "off strip" hotels, and my favorite restaurants. For a few years I preferred to stay at the Hawthorn Suites hotel apartments at Joe E. Brown off Tropicana. And during that time, did my grocery shopping and pizza ordering all along Tropicana going East off the strip. That's when I discovered Metro on Tropicana.  I've done this location before with my family, when they were in town, and by myself. So having come here more than once, I had to agree with Jacob M's review, I find them to be inconsistent in their pies and service. The pies go from OK, to good, to very good, and the service can sometimes be "rushed"..... as in, you may feel you're getting the "bum's rush." They do get busy, and your table may be visited by bus boys refilling your drinks, in lieu of your server. But to focus on the pizza, it is good, but I won't say great. We actually ordered two individual pies and an appetizer of wings. And we did "pack it up" when I saw we were fifteen minutes from Idol. The plan did work. If in Vegas, and you're willing to veer off the strip for awhile, this is your better alternative to any chain pizza. Plus, they do the Italian pizza deli menu with calzones, spaghettis, chicken parm and a bit more. But if in search of the "ultimate" in Vegas "brick oven" style pizza ... I believe it's out there, but I haven't found or done it yet. That's the next search on my list.
4	Being from the Chicago area, and visiting friends from Chicago who now live in Vegas, they decided to treat us to the best pizza in Vegas. Well, best pizza west of Illinois, really.Had a nice thin crust cheese, with a good salty sauce. Also split a Stockyard stuffed pizza. Metro's stuffed is more of a New York style stuffed, like a big calzone with meat sauce on top. It was really good, and a small had 4 slices, which was plenty for the 4 of us.I'll go back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This place has not only the best pizza but amazing salads!! The desserts are yummy too. Go NOW!!!
4	I have been a fan of Metro Pizza since I was in high school. I'm  now 26. So, take that into account and note my loyalty to this specific pizza chain in Las Vegas. It's good, thin crust pizza made correctly and just the way I like my pizza. Although my family tends to order this pizza from Boulder Station and have it delivered to our house, I wanted to review the location on Tropicana because I recently went there with my EX for dinner. First off the place has a nice ambiance, and it BIG, and you don't feel cramped while you're having your pizza. I find that a lot of pizza joints tend to be small, loud, and often full of children running about. I realize pizza is an obvious go-to for families, but sometimes you just don't want to deal with that. Anyway, there were still a lot of families around us, but it wasn't irritating since they were plenty far away.As for the service: we were seated right away, didn't wait, and our waitress got our drink orders right off the bat. I had a glass of wine, EX had a beer. We ordered a Large for the TWO of us, of course, this was my EX's idea, not mine. So we had PLENTY to take home, in fact - half a pizza. We ordered off-menu, meaning we just made up what we wanted on the pizza: pepperoni, sausage, and jalapenos. My only complaint: our waitress took a long time to come around and give us our check. It was very apparent we were both done eating as we had put our napkins on our plates and had pushed them away. I even gave her "the look" or tried to at least, a couple times. We were on a schedule because we were going to catch a movie after dinner. Anyway, I think she might have assumed we were having a long dinner since we probably looked like we were on a date. So, no hard feelings for that. Like I said, I am an avid fan of Metro Pizza and I recommended it to everyone I know!
3	*****2011 Entertainment book...$10 bucks off of your bill coupon, plus buy one get one free lunch and or dinner entree coupons***** Save money baby!Tasty Pizza I must admit. Pizza has always been one of those hmmmm how shall I say "gets me saucy" as is one of my favorite foods of all time. I liked the sourdough bread they serve pre-meal. I love restaurants that provide bread, Nummy! I have been to two locations, the one on Tropicana and the one on Decatur. I am ready to be in all of my pizza glory again soon! Mmmmm Nummy!
5	I love Metro Pizza! This review covers multiple visits and we have never been disappointed. The food is always delicious, the staff is always efficient and friendly, and the atmosphere is great! They are very good at accommodating large groups of people too. Whenever family visits from Washington state we always plan to eat at least one meal at Metro Pizza.  The garlic knots are a must order... YUM!
4	I came to Metro Pizza on the recommendation of a friend who lives in Las Vegas.  This place is good.  The service was fast and the prices were reasonable.My daughter and I split a Honolulu Pizza.  My wife ordered Eggplant Parm.  The food was served promptly, and even though we were seated in the back of the restaurant, we were not ignored.The next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be back.
5	We ordered pizza from this Metro last night and man, did they come through in a clutch! We ordered a supreme and a cheese with wings and chicken strips with fries. It was all inhaled in 2.5 seconds. The pizza has HUGE slices and it's not super greasy. It's not a thick crust, which I prefer and it totally hit the spot! Highly recommend!! (AND! the delivery guy totally looks like santa!)
3	Been here a few times.. yummy food! If you garlic you must get the garlc fries! Unfortunately they continue to have sloooowwwwww staff!!
3	The food was ok but the service was kinda bad. I hardly complain about service but they did take forever to bring out the food. And yes, it was full that night I went so I wont bash them too hard. When we got our food, it tasted like it was sitting there for some time already and they forgot about our food. I would give them another shot maybe during lunch hours.
5	this pizza is so good!! you have to try it!!
5	Let me surmise for ya...  GREAT PLACE, AMAZING FOOD...
5	One of the things that will make it seem like you have an alien growing out of your face while living in Vegas is when someone asks you if you have ever been to Metro Pizza and you say,"No". Its like that moment when you told your parents you where moving out. The people you are talking to just look at you for a moment with one eyebrow up a little and their mouth slightly open before they blurt out, " WHAT" followed my, " OOOOOHHHHH YOU HAVE TO." The description of this moment could go on and on but I will get to the point of this review, Metro Pizza. Let me start by saying, " OOOOOOOHHHH YOU HAVETO GO" We met some friends there for dinner and they had been there before so they have a good idea what they wanted but when we took a look at the menu it was very very hard to pick, hmmmm Do we want traditional pepperoni or may a BBQ pork and Pickle pizza. We ended up going with a stuffed meat pizza and the BBQ Pork and Pickle pizza. Once the pizzas made it to the table I had that eyebrow lifted, mouth partially open look because the pizza looked amazing and when I ordered the stuffed pizza the waiter asked if I wanted Tomato sauce or meat sauce, I found that odd since I had never been asked that before and when the pizza was set down I figured out why. they bring you a bowl of the sauce to put over the pizza instead of having it on the pizza, this was actually very very good. The service was top notch and the food was obviously great and I not only left satisfied, I left that growth coming out of my forehead at the table, I have now been to Metro Pizza.
4	Had a cheese pizza today. The food and service were good! Definitely worth a visit if you are craving a good pizza. Salads were also very good, and the service was prompt,
5	The food is delicious!
5	Been coming here since high school when my bff was the waitress at the Flamingo/Sandhill location. Been in love since. Hand-tossed circle of love. I always start out with the Tuscan salad-field of greens and marinated tomatoes, pears, bleu cheese crumbles, toasted walnuts and balsamic vinaigrette dressing, this dressing it outstanding and is available for purchase. My favorite pie, is the Metro Pizza, which is the thick crust pizza with extra cheese, and if a  different pizza catches your eye, and thick crust is your thing, you can request thicker crust for $2-4 extra. The ranch dressing here is fantastic, and it compliments the crust perfectly. (Don't hate me because I dip) The bread basket here I think is the best in town. Also they have cooking classes, 3 hour classe are the second and last Tuesday of each month.                  (copied from website)$24.95 +tax  *Multi course meal and beverages. *Recipes and methods for at home pizza making. *In depth analysis of the history, methodology, ingredients and love of Pizza. *Hands on training in dough making and stretching.Who's in?????
5	A friend of mine posted a slice pizza pic to FB.  It was a damn good picture of some damn good looking pizza.  That's when it was over for me.  I had to satisfy the craving...nothing else would do.  I didn't just want pizza.  I wanted good pizza.  So, I hopped onto Yelp and began my search.Where I live (north side of Vegas - up on Nellis AFB) there are NO good pizza joints (or other restaurants...really).  So, my search resulted in everything down south.Metro pizza caught my eye and the pictures from other patrons enticed me.  Drove down in 20 min, walked in, got seated, and looked over the detailed menu. Started off with complimentary fresh, moist, and heavy bread.  Then ordered some garlic knots.  Decided on The Stockyard (Meat Lovers)-small pizza and San Genarro (sliced meatballs/fresh garlic)- small pizza.  The San Genarro sounds too simple, right?  No way, this baby was poppin' full of flavor.  Both pizzas were off the chiz-ain (am I allowed to say that?  Who cares, gonna say it anyway). This was more than enough food to feed 2 adults and 2 small children.  I was glad to have left overs so I can eat some for breakfast tomorrow!I like a good thin crust with plenty of sauce and gooey cheese.  This place has it.  They also have super thick crust if that's your thing.  I can't describe how wonderful the food was.  After 2 years of living in Vegas...I've finally found a good pizza joint.(Restaurant itself - large, clean, and friendly staff)
5	We've been going to this location of Metro Pizza for at least 8+ years now (and the Decatur location before that for a couple years), at least once per month and more recently about once per week!!  Metro has some of the BEST pizza I've ever eaten.  For a long time, our favorite was "The Metro" which is a super, super thick crust, but a couple years ago, we tried the original thin crust, and I found a new favorite!!As for service, Metro has some of the BEST service anywhere.  Even before we were regulars, we were treated great by MOST employees... and those employees that weren't the friendliest didn't last long working there.  Those employees that have remained all these years are genuinely friendly & professional!!  For years, Susan was our favorite server... she is now the Manager!  David has become our new favorite server!!  But ALL the servers are great, the hostesses are super nice & helpful, and the busboys are prompt & friendly & willing to help out with whatever as well!Quality of food is totally awesome about 98% of the time... once in a while the bread is a little undercooked... gummy & doughy inside... and about 1 in 25 times the pizza is a little bit burnt, but not bad enough to make it inedible!  Only once did we ever get a pizza that we couldn't eat, and they offered to remake it immediately!  Overall, the flavors are delicious!!  Two of us get one small pizza and between the free bread and the great filling pizza, it's more than enough for us... and that makes a very reasonably priced dinner for two!They also make GREAT cannoli as well!  Tastes awesome & I believe they make them themselves!Every time friends or family come to town, we always take them to Metro at least once, and every dish anyone has ever tried has been great!  They always thank us for taking them there and ask to go back the next time they come to town!Metro Pizza is by far my favorite pizza restaurant in Las Vegas!!  If you haven't tried them yet, you're missing out on the BEST pizza around!
5	One of the best pizza's I've had to date.  We ordered a pizza from Metro after landing in our room at the MGM nearing the end of a 25hr. day.  We ordered the deep dish pepperoni pie and garlic knots.  It was so filling and I struggled to eat more than one slice.  The Garlic Knots were the best knots that I've ever had.  They were like a meal all in it's own.  My only gripe is that the delivery driver wouldn't deliver it to our room.  After 25hrs of being awake due to a delayed flight and 3rd shift job, walking down to the valet to get our pizza was the last thing we wanted to do.
4	It had been several months since I visited Metro Pizza, and the first time I was prepared to review it.  I hoped it was as good as my previous visits.  In the most important respect--food--it was.  But in other ways the structure and operations need some overhaul.First off, the front door was broken.  It was easy to know this since two hand-drawn signs on white pasteboard announced this on the broken door.  It would be far better to just fix it and take off the signs!  The restaurant looked nice from a distance all decked out for Christmas, including a lighted tree.  But our table in the auxiliary room was so wobbly that I had to keep my foot on the base to keep all steady--at which point I noticed massive chips of paint missing on the concrete floor that long ago had been painted red.  It is time for another coat!Complimentary bread and pats of butter were an excellent combination.  The bread looked Italian but tasted like doughy sourdough.  Very nice--although with all the food to come it surely was not needed!   I ordered Minestrone Soup but a dinner salad arrived first.  Our server had warned me that the soup took more time so would come after the salad.  But I didn't quite understand the meaning of this.  I thought serving the soup would be merely dipping in the ladle and pouring it into a waiting bowl.  Not here!The dinner salad, which comes with some dishes and can be ordered separately with others, was very good, graced by Metro Pizza's house dressing, a homemade spicy tomato-based Italian dressing good enough to be sold in unlabeled plastic containers and bought for a trip home by my Italian-American friends after we finished our dinner.  I almost bought a bottle myself but opted for frozen Dark Chocolate Gelato instead.  The salad itself consisted of fresh and chilled mixed greens, cucumbers, tomato, red onion, and carrot shavings.  Very tasty!But the surprise hit of the evening for me was the Minestrone Soup that I thought had been forgotten 10 minutes after I had finished my salad and there was still no sign of the soup.  Just as I was about to hail my waiter, he came to our table hoisting a lovely large bowl of steaming soup chockfull of ingredients.  It had cut carrots, cauliflower florets, lima beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, Italian green beans, cut Rigatoni, sprinklings of fresh basil, gooey melted Mozzarella Cheese, and a few croutons that quickly dissolved in the spicy tomato-based broth.  The whole conglomeration was very hot, clearly made largely from scratch--not just sitting idle in a pot--and quite delicious.  It was a highlight of the meal, and would have been THE highlight if the pizza and pasta to come had not been so darned good, tooAfter years of regularly eating complete 15" pizzas about once a week through my thirties, now to keep cholesterol under some control I limit myself to eat a whole pizza just once every two months.  Seriously, even though pizza has long been one of my favorite foods!  I certainly cheat with a slice here and there in the interim, but not with a whole pie.  In college I once won a fraternity pizza eating contest (1 hot slice consumed in 15 seconds), and even now am quite capable of devouring a whole medium pie in one sitting.  So, you can imagine that I am choosy about where I will eat pizza.  I can't afford to draw a charred clunker when I just have six pizzas a year.  I will try new places but they have to be highly recommended by persons whose judgment in food I trust--like Yelp friends.  For that reason, I will be trying the pizza at the not so secret and not so unknown place at the Cosmopolitan soon.  But in the meantime,  Metro Pizza is on my short list, along with Biaggio's.  And, the large slice of Ham Pizza with extra cheese that I snatched from my wife's pizza (with forewarning) was in fine form:   cheesy, saucy, and with tasty mild ham resting on perfectly cooked dough with a totally uncharred bottom and a nicely browned crust.When my pasta arrived, it, too, looked lovely with sauteed fresh mushrooms spread over the saucy sauce.  It also looked huge--enough for two or three diners easy.  But, dig as I might with the large spoon provided, the dish was sans meatballs.  I found my server to remedy this significant oversight, and he quickly brought two cooked meatballs to the table that were bathed in Marinara Sauce.  This gave me an opportunity to sample the Marinara Sauce, and it was just as I like it best: hot, saucy, and very mild.  The authentic Italian meatballs, which only come as a pair, were also very good: dense, heat hot, and very tasty.  I flipped one onto my overflowing mound of Spaghetti & Meat Sauce with Mushrooms, and ate as much as I could.  The Spaghetti was nicely cooked, and the Meat Sauce tasted like a fine Bolognese.  For once I was happy to be taking home what felt like 3 pounds of leftovers for I don't know how many successive lunches.
4	Yum! Have yet to be dissapointed at metro pizza. Modesto, margherita, and milano are tasty, as well as just ur regular cheese and pepperoni. My favorite has to be the modesto tho. Havent stopped by in a while tho... i should stop by soon. :)
4	My Girl introduced me to Metro Pizza and I have to say I love going there now. The pizza is hot, fresh and mmm mmm tasty.One of my favorite things to order is the Antipasto platter. It is very fresh, the meats, cheeses olives and greens are a great way to start a meal. The only "off" thing I have had here is there minestrone soup, which tasted like a soupy pizza sauce more than how it should have tasted. A few times though lately for the "kids make it we bake it" they have not had enough staff working to do it so the kids get sad, after a few "WTF's" from my Girl the server went ahead and brought out some stuff for the kids to make there mini pizzas. All in all it is one of my favorite places here in Vegas for pizza, and worth a visit if you have never been there before and be sure to try the garlic knots!
4	It's a pretty solid place to go for a pizza. Not the best I've had, however neither is Starbucks but I keep coming back. The food is predictable, but not in a bad way. I come in knowing I won't be disappointed. Tonight we went in and were seated right away. No waiting for service with a smile even on a busy Saturday night! Check plus! The bread they served before the meal was not great. Did we get an old basket or what? Well, i guess we didn't come for the bread. Check minus. They did make it up with coming often to give fresh drinks without having to be asked.We ordered the Gotham. Delicious and flavorful! Delavorful? Anyways, yummy! This is sort of a meat lovers with red and green peppers. The large was ginormous! Two pieces had me too full for any dessert. Absolutely will be coming in again to try the other specialty pizzas!
5	We all love pizza.  And this place is the best pizza place in Vegas.  Possibly the best pizza I've had anywhere.  My favorite is the Stockyard, a meat lovers pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and ground beef.  Its huge!  I can pack down a lot of groceries and this thing has got me beat.  One or two slices and I'm done.  The sauce is excellent.  It is loaded with meat and cheese.  WOW!!!  You gotta try this one.  Its a bit pricey at $27.95.  It took a while to come out, but this thing is worth waiting for.  Not in the mood for a massive pizza that is sure to provide plenty of leftovers?  Try the calzone.  I had it once and really enjoyed it.  Parking was not an issue when I've gone.  I enjoyed the atmosphere.  There is another location on Decatur, but I don't like the old time decor.  If you only eat here on occasion, then make the drive over to Tropicana.
5	Great suggestion from "Jaime" for a business lunch near the airport. Settabello in Green Valley is my go to place for work lunches which is just ok... but the pie here at Metro far exceeds the eats they have over at Settabello (thank god). I met an associate here mid day 12:30 for a quick bite and chat. And simply asked the waitress (sorry forgot her name) to bring us her favorite which seemed to be a sauceless pie with fresh cheese, tomatoes, and basil and a hint of meat and was fabulous. The crust was on point with the right amount of density to hold the toppings and not a shoe sole to bite or chew through. The atmosphere is very friendly and you can see plenty of tables with the typical groups from work gathering over great food so im sure its gets busy during the lunch rush. Food - A    so tasty Service - A    very friendly Atmosphere - B+    but its a pizza joint so its not going to be fancy Overall experience is tops in my book and i will certainly return when i need a good pizza or a casual place to meet for a work lunch.
4	As far as pizza goes I love this place. It seems that when it comes to pizza everyone is a critic and I enjoy Metro Pizza more than the commercial outlets like Pizza Hut and Domino's. Their Spinach and Artichoke dip is and probably will be the best I have ever had in my life. I went with a few people from out of town (East Coast) and they agreed they never had better. I recommend Metro Pizza for a nice lunch pizza.
5	OK. Let me just put it this way! This is not the best pizza I have ever eaten. but it comes in a close second.When my wife and I walked in I was impressed right from the start. The restaurant is a nice large size. They have magnum bottles of wine placed throughout the restaurant. And in the menu under the history of Metro Pizza page they pay homage to the first pizzeria in the United States; Lombardi's in New York's Little Italy. Metro has become my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas.On their back wall they have a map of the United States. It takes up the whole wall. Pinned to it at different locations are small photos with the names of Pizzerias in the different cities that they believe are the best. I have to go back to write them down sometime.We were seated almost after stepping through the door. We were greeted at our table by a wonderful server who was friendly and outgoing and made us feel like we were the only patrons there. Bread and drinks came to our table very quickly. The bread was still hot from the oven. It had a really nice yeasty flavor to it and the real butter melted into it quickly. If you know someone who does not like pizza, if there is such a person, you could take them just for the bread. It is that good!They have two sizes of Pizza. A small and a large. We got the large. I thought when ordering it, it would just be a bit to big and we would have a slice or two left over. I was very wrong. We were only able to finish half the pizza. So one large feeds four. We got one half the pizza as Hawaiian and the other half Gotham. Each were wonderful. The toppings were all fresh and crunchy. The pepperoni tasted a bit different from other pepperonis, but still very tasty and not as strong as most. If you want to know what sausage is supposed to taste like, this is the place. It was very flavorful like you would expect it to be. The veggies were tasty and crisp and the ham on the Hawaiian was plentiful and flavorful. One thing very interesting about the bacon bits on the Hawaiian; they were bacon fried up and cut into bits. So they were very moist and full of flavor and most of all they were not hard and overly crunchy. The sauce was tomato-ie like sauce should be. I expected the sauce to have a lot of spices in it overpowering it's flavor. I could not tell any spices in it at all. I'm sure they were there, but they were well incorporated into it.Pizza is and always has been my favorite food. So I know I will be going back again and again to get this wonderful pizza.
5	Ive only had one favorite pizza place, and that's in my hometown that is too far away. But I found metro pizza, thanks to yelp. The sauce they use is so good and different. They're sesame bread is awesome and the seeds give it an unusual but tasty twist. Just don't call the number they have listed on google, it's wrong. I'm really picky about my pizza, but this is the best so far. I always get Hawaiian, and it's always fresh and yummy. :)
5	All the portions are generous, and made with the best tasting ingredients. They have grrreat special pricing, so look at their calendar and take advantage of their half off special!My favsThe metro pizza, huge, love their sausageGarlic friesThe free breadBest calamari ever
4	This is a real good pizza joint!It is a large restaurant with plenty of room.  They had a bar area to sit at, too.They have regular crust, deep dish and thin crust... I like that something for everyone! I guess they are known for their deep dish, but we tried their regular crust.  We ordered the meatball and garlic.  Also ordered a pitcher of beer.The pizza was good.  I ain't gonna lie - those were tasty meatballs! The cheese tasted like quality stuff.  The crust was tasty and it had a nice crunch to it - easy to fold.  The pizza wasn't amazing or anything it was just overall a GOOD pizza!!!  The service was excellent.Definitely a good pizza joint.
5	Love this place!  Some of the best pizza I have EVER eaten.  The Hubby and I come here on every visit to Vegas - we wouldn't miss it.Highly recommend the Thompson Street and the Memphis (my fav is far and away the Thompson Street pizza, honestly can't think of a better pizza I've eaten).Staff are friendly and obliging, never crowded when we go.  If you're looking for pizza in Vegas, look no further.
4	This place is always good... if you're a fan of mac & cheese this place has the best in town for sure. You wouldn't think that of a pizza joint but trust me.. give it a try. The pizza here is delish! I tried the chicken parm and the breading was a little too soggy for my liking, could of been a fluke or just how they make it.
1	Let me start of by saying i should have written this a few days ago when we went there but i never got the chance!I work in a busy restaurant on the strip and got off around Ten,i felt bad for my husband who said he was Hungary so i suggested we go to Metro for the first time,we arrived and we were not greeted,we waited and someone finally came over,the place was empty with one large party of maybe 8 and a two top,when we sat down i noticed how dirty the  place is,the floor was covered in food droppings and our booth seats were ripped and our table was sticky,i checked the menu and was surprised at their prices,but i hoped it was a good indication that the food was good.....the Waitress was pleasant,we ordered a Hawaiian , but i explained to her my husband didn't like peppers so one half needed to be without peppers,and then she said ok without peppers but with extra bacon on his side and i said no,just without peppers.After about 15 mins,i told my husband i was exhausted and that we should just get the pizza to go,i was expecting at this stage the pizza would be almost ready.....wrong,i waved over the waitress and paid for the pizza which was $25.00 a complete rip off,we ended up waiting another 15 mins before we got our pizza....keep in mind we were the only people in the place ordering at this point.We walked home and i opened the box to discover we had no peppers on any of the pizza and extra bacon on one half.........the pizza was doughy and way to heavy on the toppings also lacked any flavor.  So in short the service was bad,the pizza was bad, and the price was outrageous,i would never return,if you live in the area, try Cuigino's which has some of the best Italian food i have tasted outside of Italy and the family hail from Naples, also it is a fraction of the price!!!
5	After paying $68 for a 10 oz steak at Strip Steak at the Mandalay Bay I stop several Mandalay Bay employees begging them, "You don't pay tons for food....where do YOU eat?"  When a number of them say, "Metro Pizza" I hug them and say "THANK YOU!" Metro Pizza is just 2 minutes down Tropicana (okay 5, because there's always traffic) and when I saw their prices I was so excited and proud of myself for making this discovery that I almost took out a flag, stabbed the ground and declared, "Ahhh....normalcy."   They even DELIVER their yummy food to your hotel too!  702-736-1955.The owners grandparents immigrated from italy and lived 50 yards from the first pizza place in America where they were some of it's first employees.  If that's not enough to excite you, Metro Pizza takes pride serving the great traditions of America's landmark Pizzerias.What that means to YOU?  Daily hand-made dough, cooked on stone in hearth ovens and fresh tomato sauces made from the finest picked tomatoes. (I'm getting hungry....)They have appetizers, speciality pizzas, stuffed pizzas, regular pizzas, east size pizzas, family size dinners and salads, the people next to me ordered this salad that came out in this gigantic bowl that looked so delicious I couldn't stop staring.  It was also had this giant ball of dough on top. I asked Thomas what it was and he said, "That's a garlic nut."  I asked for a menu because I was in Vegas and my dirty mind just had to see these words in print.  The menu said, 'Garlic Knot" and I laughed out loud.  The neighbors also noticed I was staring at their salad and brought me over a plate of their food!  I almost died of embarrassment but graciously took the offer cause I really wanted to try it!  It was their most popular salad called; The Domenica Salad.   Y U M.  The staff is amazing too.  Our waiter at the East Side Location was a guy named Thomas.  He was very busy on the night I visited, but he answered all my questions, looked me in the eye and consistently made me feel valued as a customer and fulfilled all our tables needs!  YES!  Finally, I found a place that is just like a restaurant I'd have started (if I had $ and a will to work 24/7) The other wonderful employee I met was a girl named Janice or Janet (my kids and I argued what it was so I'm putting in both cause I've been known to be wrong) (did I really say that?).  She had long dark hair and helped me with a child that refused to move from a 15 person booth (didn't I tell you they THRIVE on families - bring in a big group and they will hold you hand and make you happy!)  My son refused to move and it was this girl that not only  tried to coax my just-woke-up-and-hate-the-world five year old back to our table but she'd come over to give me funny updates on how it was going.   My devil-child finally snapped out of it and Janice/Janet filled that table with a family of 12 two minutes later.Bottom line:  Metro Pizza screams of family, traditions, friends, and great food.  Their menu is filed with family size portions and if it's not listed on the menu and you want it...chances are they can do it for you....with a smile.It was soooo good, even though I was there last night and tonight, we just may be calling for delivery to our hotel room!To Metro Pizza (if you ever see this):  Bravo!!!  You can be sure I will visit every time I come to Las Vegas
5	Great Pizza. Great Service. Great happy Hour prices. Unbeatable.
5	She whispers in your ear softly; "I need to get up early for work tomorrow, do you think you could ask your friends to leave?"The beer's gone. By rights, they should have left hours ago. What's keeping them here you begin to wonder. It's not you or your half charming personality.And it's certainly not your wife either.It's those seven boxes of Metro Pizza you over-ordered. This shit is so good, no-one's going anywhere until they're all stuffed like blue ticks..unable to hold another drop!This pizza is so delicious, it'll have you crooning 'Hey Compare' and 'Funiculi, Funicula' in your head, over and over again.You're not Italian, but after eating this pizza, you'll think you were raised by a hairy upper-lipped mom and her four hairy upper-lipped sisters who routinely beat you iwith a wooden spoon for not keeping up on your cranking duties on days when they all came over to make homemade pasta.Bitches.
4	This has been my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas for years.  They have expanded to a number of locations and I know the owners and they can't be at every location. Their lack of supervision at all locations have made this place suffer a bit.  I have had pizzas with so much black oven residue on the bottom that it is not edible and some service has suffered without their attention.  The guys that run this place know their pizza.  They have probably tasted more New York style pizza than anyone.  They use the best ingredients and taught me what a real New York pizza should be. You used to be able to take a pizza making class there which is very cool.  I hope they still do it.  They have a great salad with a house dressing that is out of this world.  5 stars if they weren't so expanded and could afford to be everywhere.  Grimaldi's edges them out a bit for a reliable quality.  Two good guys that know a lot about pizza.
3	good pizza but only giving 3 stars because they would only accept this check in offer one per table when they should do it per person checking in.
3	The pizza and stromboli dough always seems a bit soggy in the center.  Maybe they're using too wet ingredients?  My parents love this place though, so we keep going back.  :-P
3	I really don't get it, I guess. It wasn't that spectacular--it was just normal pizza that wasn't from Pizza Hut. It was similar in flavor to the giant slices of pizza at Costco or Sam's Club. Don't get me wrong, that pizza is good, but it's just pizza. It's not last-meal, greatest-thing-I-ever-ate, I-can't-wait-to-finish-it-all pizza.
1	There was a large group of us visiting Vegas for a bachelor party and the groom wanted pizza so we attempted to try Metro. We had to take multiple cabs to get out group there. We arrived 10 minutes before closing and the hostess (who was still manning the front door) notified us that they were closed. I pointed out that we were their before their posted closing time and that we were planning on giving them some substantial patronage. She started to seat us when a cook literally ran up to the front to put the kabosh on that. He said he was, "just following orders" and I asked to speak to the manager. He said something dirty under his breath and at that point I felt that it wasn't safe to order food from the kitchen and we left. Obviously can't comment on the food, but of their food is reflective of their service, don't go.
5	I LOVE METRO PIZZA! And I have always loved it. For over 20 years. The food is consistently delicious. The pizza is off the chain. ALWAYS. My fave is the pizza of course, but the spinach and three cheese Calzone is to die for. Nuke fries with ranch...hurt me mama! The baked pasta is delish and, well, I could go on.... The ambiance, the wait staff, which by the way doesn't change often, are excellent as well. I went with my 19 year old daughter Crista last night and she has been going there since she was born. We always bring family and friends when they are visiting too. Shout out to David who has taken care of us for years. Metro Pizza is a great family restaurant!
4	My 2nd time here enjoyed both times.  Pizza, salad & fried zucchini, you can't go wrong
5	The place is everything u love. Its clean omg the food is wonderful. The staff are wonderful 5 stars plus 1,000 more stars.
5	Mmmmmmmmm, love me some local Vegas pizza! Their calzones are great and I love the meat sauce with bread. This all depends on personal preference but any pizza with light sauce is delish!
5	Delicious pizza. They even delivered to our hotel at Hooters. The delivery boy was very professional and even was dressed in slacks and a tie. I have never seen such a well dressed pizza boy. Great service! Would definitely order from here again.
4	It dawned on me today that my office is closing and this will be my last time ordering lunch from these guys for the foreseeable future and it made me a little sad inside. They are taking a solid 2nd place behind my favorite pizzeria on my best pizza in Vegas list because they have a great thin crust pizza; use fresh toppings (less grease on your pie) and their Delivery guys never seem to get lost when delivering to my office (have to love those GPS units) If you are in the mood for a good pizza and are within their delivery range they are worth a call and better yet go and have a sit down inside the store!
4	This was a great place back in the day when I could eat pizza. The staff is very friendly and all the pizzas are delicious. For a year I was literally going on average every other week with my class from UNLV. Pizzas are big, garlic knots are to die for and the salads with homemade are out of this world! I gave it a 4/5 only because they don't offer gluten free options.
3	Affordable, close to where I live and has a variety of good pizza options.I generally go with my gluten-free friend and we order a GF Modesto pizza and an antipasto platter. (If you are extremely sensitive to gluten, I might not suggest the pizza due to cross-contamination.) While the GF pizza only comes in one size, it is enough for two hungry patrons. The antipasto platter is quite filling as well.The wait for the pizza was a bit long (or maybe its just for the GF pizza?) the past few times I was there, but drinks are topped up consistently. Servers come by from time to inform us of the wait time / check in on us and they do not give us any hassle with our gluten-free requirements.They have daily specials and whatnot, take one of their calendar flyers on your way out.
4	I've been wanting to try Metro Pizza forever because I've heard such good things about it! For appetizers, my boyfriend and I shared Garlic Romano Fries which was amazing (highly recommended). Then we ordered The Stockyard stuffed pizza, which was also amazing! We ordered a small, and with one slice each, we were stuffed. We got our sauce on the side because I like the plain and my boyfriend likes the meat sauce. Amazing food for an affordable price.
1	Amazing food, but the worst service I've ever had.
5	Well, well!  In have been eating a lot of Las Vegas pizza over the past few months - kind of on a kick to find my own private pizza Idaho, someplace to call my own that just so happens to serve great pizza.  Just when I found a pizza I somewhat liked in my 'hood - along comes Metro to blow that pizza out of the water (it's always all about the water isn't it?).My friend had just received some upsetting news and our proposed lunch date venue was far too public to speak frankly - so I decided to order a pizza and salad in. I have worked within two blocks of this Metro Pizza for over two years - and never stepped foot in the door.  As usual - Yelpers saved the day and convinced me to give it a whirl.  I ordered the ultra-thin Margherita pizza and a large dinner salad to split.  Although they were swamped - the pizza was ready on time and the service was terrific when I picked it up.  Let me tell you - this is BY FAR the best pizza I've found in Las Vegas.  The crust was thin, but toothsome and crunchy at the edges - the sauce was flavorful and fresh.  Perfect pizza. End of story.  These guys really love pizza - they even have offer 3 hour classes are the second and last Tuesday of each month if you want to learn how to make your own!
1	Wouldn't know about the food.  After waiting for 10 minutes for the girl to go back and forth several times to help the lady in-front of us with no resolution, I asked to be sat at a booth to which she had to go once again and ask her manager, Thomas if she could sit us at a larger table since it was the only booth available.  He refused to let us sit there so we ended up leaving.  Probably best because with the slowness and incompetence from the hostess and the utter lack of care for making customers welcome and catering to them, I would have hated to have to endure a whole dinner there.On a good note, we drove down the road to Burger King and got much better service way faster.
5	An excellent pasta place in Las Vegas!! What a consistent, great experience! With the superb service from Dave, and the awesome GIANT RAVIOLI, it's the one place we always eat at every time we travel to Las Vegas.
4	I love Metro Pizza! I've been coming here for years...but what happened to all the fun and friendly waitstaff?
5	Great pizza and I am NOT a pizza fan. Delicious minestrone soup. Had it delivered and they were quick and timely. I now want to try more of their menu.
5	We were introduced to Metro Pizza over 15 years ago while visiting from out of town. During the late 90's to early 2000's, we actually lived in Vegas. Once we had it, we were sold. Moving away years ago, but ALWAYS make it a stop on our trips into town. Consistant Great food. Consistant Great Service. They care about their customer and their community.
3	I've already been to Metro a handful of times so this is just a review of my most recent visit to this location last night with a friend. I got my usual fave. The Modesto with sausage. Italian sausage, garlic, tomatoes, basil and mushrooms. Pizza was good as I remember it. Place is a lil pricey. $27 for a large. If you catch them when it's 50% off on their various special days/times it's a great deal then. Service was good. I've been here before but it seems like the place is starting to run down a bit. The booth seats were a little idk...off? And it was littered with crumbs. A little surprise was also the tab holder, or whatever it's called? When I got the check, I noticed the flap on it was exposed on the inside crease and the cardboard was starting to tear off. Very odd...Still, a solid 3.5 stars overall for the good food and service.
4	Awesome AOC (arugala, orange, cranberry), salad with goat cheese and house dressing. Soooo good! My kid's and husband devoured the pizza.
2	Will Never go there again, overpriced for pizza and service was blah
4	Good Pie!  Sort of sterile vibe, but hey it's Vegas. It was open late enough so ah yea I'm a fan.
2	The two stars are because the food is good.  They got 0 stars for service.  I recently went to this metro pizza location for the first time.  I went during lunch since they have a 1/2 off pizza special before 4pm.  My issue started when I showed the server my check in redemption for one free non-alcoholic beverage.   This tall brown haired server immediately thought I was probably a cheapskate and not going to tip well.  His demeanor became lackluster and nonchalant as if my presence was that of a nuisance he couldn't be bothered with. The worst part is I love metro pizza.  I have Been going to the Decatur and flamingo locations as well as the Ellis island location for more than half a decade.  I never had an issue with those locations. * please do not offer a discount if your workers are going to act in such an imbecilic manner to its patrons for fear of a tipping issue.  If the service is impeccable and well deserving of a 20% or higher of the unadjusted bill prior to discount, the server should not be worried. After it was all said and done, I being the bigger man.  Approached the server informing him that his 25% tip was left on the card and let him know I usually tip in cash ( screw the IRS ).  Now he can enjoy having to be forced to claim the tip on his taxes.  I was so flustered from my service experience that I had left my box of pizza slices I had to go on the table.   Anyone who knows me will tell you that I never let good food go to waste.
5	Great pizza, got to try the Metro. Thick crust and extra cheese, must weight 10lbs. Great salads also. Would not go anywhere else for pizza.
2	I really have no idea why every is so in  love with this chain. It's your basic greasy, thin crust pizza, WAY overpriced. This is seriously what everyone keeps voting as the best pizza in Vegas? SERIOUSLY!? Ick. I've had pizza at Pizza Hut that had more flavor than the one I ate here. The crust is bland, the cheese is, well cheese, and for all I know the sauce could have been like Ragu or something.
4	If you haven't tried the Chicken Pasta Salad, it is amust!  When I come back to Vegas I always do my be to get to a Metro. Honey Cayenne Dressing....awesome!
5	This location is close to my house so I always order from here, Although I hate the $5 delivery fee and then tipping the driver on top of that. Also this place is pretty expensive, $40 plus dollars for a pizza and garlic bread(delivered) But its hard to beat some of the best NYC pizza in vegas on a friday delivered to your house. Nothing like a pepperoni and black olive pizza with a 2 liter of coke. 4.78stars
4	So awesome the piggle is the best!!!!!
1	So today's decided to go to Metro Pizza for so quality pizza for once. I normally go here when I'm craving quality pizza. So being the good helper that I am I checked in as soon as I got there and I was awarded with free drink with the regular price of any food.  It's hot in Vegas so I was licking my chops at this coupon.  So I go to pick up my pizza and so the cashier (her name was Susan) my coupon for 1st time check in.  It seems like she took pleasure out of denying me a free soda with the purchase of a $30.00 pizza.  She stated that its only with a dine in meal.  I then showed her the coupon and it stated nothing about only dine in and her response was "we'll that's what it's meant for". I could've pushed the issue but I decided I'll just write about experience and let people know about Susan at this location. One thing I forgot to mention when I initially walked up to wait in line a customer was there talking with Susan that had already paid and they spent the next 5 minutes talking about meals on wheels and delivery issues.  I decided to sit down and wait since she was obviously not in a rush to help me out. Overall the pizza was good though.  The service to get the pizza was horrible. Good luck helpers
1	Placed an order for delivery and needed to repeat myself numerous times. When I got my pizza half of it was soggy because the box was wet. The pizza didn't even taste very good.  Definitely overpriced and not worth it. Won't order from here again.
5	I recently stayed in Vegas and was looking for some good food off the strip because Casino/Strip food is overpriced and/or mediocre. A friend of mine suggested I try this place. It was awesome! They have a friendly staff there. The pizza was really good! I will go there every time I hit Vegas!
5	The stuffed pizza was awesome and so filling! to be able to add as much sauce to my pizza is genius, I always need more sauce especially since it tastes so good. The sauce tasted homemade and not red gravy from a jar.  This place does it right and I think from now on I'm going to order pizza with a bowl of sauce on the side...once you go Metro there's no other substitute. The price was perfect and the atmosphere was everything and more I was looking for.
5	Metro Pizza has turned into one of my family's favorite places to eat. We're now regulars here, thanks to the food and great service
3	I can here solely based off a recommendation from a friend who told me this was "the best pizza in Vegas". I consider that something of a dubious distinction since Vegas, to my knowledge, is not known for any pizza places. And if CA can barely get pizza right, I had a hard time believing Vegas could do any better. For the record, I live and die by NYC pizza. There is nothing on this planet that even compares. Yes, Chicago, that includes you. They were having a special deal where all pies were half off, so we got a large topped with pepperoni, sausage, and black olives. The quality just wasn't there for me. The pizza wasn't crispy enough, for one thing. Every time I folded a slice in half the front would start to droop like it was going flaccid. The sausage and pepperoni didn't help things since both were so greasy the pie was getting soggy. I'm cool with pepperoni, but those little blobs of meat called sausage do nothing for me. I should have vetoed that topping suggestion when it came up. Pretty good crust, though. Nothing that saved the dish but it worked all the same. Is this the best Vegas can do? Decent doesn't cut it for me. I can't grade on a relative scale.
4	We have a birthday tradition of the b-day person picking out a restaurant for their birthday dinner.  We live in CA but my son Matthew picked Metro Pizza so we headed off to Vegas.This was our third time at this restaurant.  At every visit the food has been excellent.  Our family orders a large pepperoni and sausage pizza.  The crust is really thin with a crispy crust.  This is a pizza that has to be rolled to eat, it doesn't stand on its own.  It is always fresh and delicious. The fresh bread is amazing, but this is the second time we have been there and they forgot to bring us bread, every new seat around us had it, but not us.  We had to remind them.  So if you don't get bread, speak up!We ordered their Dominica Salad, it was just OK.  All the extras in the salad were cut nice and small and the same care was not taken to the lettuce it was too long and needed to be cut to eat. As an appetizer we ordered the Buffalo Style wings, they were nice and fresh and the kids enjoyed them, I have had better. The service was ok.  The tables are cluttered with various advertisements, which was irritating, I ended up just putting them all on the ground.  Overall a good birthday dinner for my son, he was happy and that is all that matters.  For you yelpers, if you are looking for a good fresh, New York style pizza this is definitely your place.
4	Great tasting pizza but fairly pricey at $25. I suppose you get what you pay for though considering I am completely stuffed after 2 slices. One large "metro" will definitely feed me for a couple days.
4	yummy!  We stumbled upon this after attending an event in Vegas and just needed to find a place to eat.  I usually am so picky about pizza that I won't go to just any place but we needed to eat.  The pizza was very good.  The salad were tasty.  So much so we bought a bottle of the dressing to take home with us.
4	For the best Neopoiitan (Naples) pizza where pizza originated ,you need, Caputo "oo" high gluten flour, San Marzano tomatoes (grown in an area of  Sarno River Valley between Naples and Salerno) Mozzarella di bufala (from the City of Caserta, North of Naples) Extra Virgin Italian Olive oil and not any water but San Pelligrino water, yeast .and a raving appetite. How do I know all this ? By attending the class- "Learn The Secrets of Hand-Crafted Pizza"- by  third generation pizza makers-the owners/cousins of Metro Pizza- as they shared the history, traditions and techniques of the pizzaiola. . This was a 3-hour ! class that included  recipes, hands-on instruction, great Italian wine and a delicious meal for about $25!   Yes you can even take home the pizza kit that they sell, but you will never get the crispiness and the crust generated by a blazing furnace with low ceiling that cooks the pizza in minutes, with fire reaching up to 1000 degrees Fahrenheit (the bottom of the oven  is fitted with Biscotto di Sorrento tiles above a layer of Vesuvian soil) and all the tender care of a pizzaiola ! So, skip the home cooked messy and soggy pizza, unless you are gluten sensitive and make your own.These incredibly dedicated and talented cousins, not to mention award-wining pizza makers, with an enormous patience, have been doing this for quite some time on the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month. I attended the class at the East Tropicana location on the 4th Tuesday of the month and it has left an indelible impression in my mind and the palate. This was not a class but a Italian feast. The cousins do this not because they need the money-they are millionaires over-with branches all over the Valley, but they do it for the love of the pizza and the love for the customers who savor a good pizza.I personally like thin crust with the minimum toppings on it,.and pineapple is not one of them. They have pizza's for all tastes and toppings.  I am not recommending Metro Pizza for any gratitude, but they really have the best pizzas in Vegas. I have tried other locations but I always go back to the East Tropicana pizzeria, since they serve the best pizza''s in that location (may be because they got started in that location?) I was told that, Bill Clinton's plane, was waiting on the tarmac of the McCarran, when few secret service men picked up the pizza's from the East Tropicana location. If it is good for the President of the United States-it should be good for  mere mortals! The newest Metro Pizza scheduled to open at McCarran Airport D Terminal in Feb.2014.with slices of pizza for the Air-borne.
4	Awesome! Get the thin crust! Classic New York style. Stop off for happy hour, it's half off pizzas for dine in. Great bread.
5	Mmmm, i love this pizza....I have read so many reviews on this place and I just don't understand.  Maybe its not the the best pizza in the world, but if I am in the area of either of the Flamingo locations you better believe that's where I am eating!  The crust is not to thin and has good flavor.  Toppings are not overwhelming nor are they MIA.  The salads are a good choice if you don't want pizza and there is plenty more to choose from too.
5	I've been coming here for years and Metro has never disappointed.In my opinion, Metro Pizza is home to one of the best pizza deals in town. Monday - Thursday, from 2:30 - 4:30pm all of their pizzas are half off. I'm a sucker for places that hook it up with free bread and the baked pizza dough that arrives before the meal is delicious.They definitely get points for experimenting and making some very unique pies like the little piggy which features pulled pork, fried onion strings topped off with diced pickles. Their "small" pizzas can easily feed two. The crusts are nice and crispy but you can opt to get the metro crust which is a lot thicker and doughy. Its nice to see some premium toppings like grilled chicken, meatballs and even truffle oil available. The stuffed pizzas can probably feed a small country and the expansive menu features much more than just pizza.They have a monthly calender where each day has a special deal. On certain days you can get 25% off for military members or for just reppin UNLV. The restaurant itself is pretty nice and spacious, the bar has a pretty good selection of draft beer and prices are great. Our server Terry is the definition of excellent service. Shes always on top of refills, her recommendations are always on point and her cheery attitude makes the dining experience all the more enjoyable. This place is a must for anyone looking for some good pizza in Vegas.And as always, remember to check in for the yelp deal!
4	Metro Pizza... how I love thee, let me count thy ways. First off, must say that Metro Pizza is a bit of an institution. They've been around for decades and there's even legends of Bill Clinton sending his secret service men to get Metro pizza when he stayed here. And I love Metro PIzza. I think their food is great. (read my Henderson review)Buuuut.... I've had rude service here..... so I'm going to get on my well-worn soapbox and pfffffft to all the Metro Pizza fanatics who have adamently told me that, "METRO PIZZA IS THE BEST PIZZA. IN DA WORLD. FUUUUUUGH-ET-ABOUT-IT". Sorry to disappoint the Metro Pizza-for-lifers out there. But it is NOT the best pizza in the world, It is not even the best pizza in Las Vegas. The pizza crust is soggy in the middle, it has a tendency to sag. Sometimes, the dough is not fully cooked. A lot of that has to do with the way the make their pizza, in the traditional Neapolitan way, in a hot brick oven. It cooks the thin pizza quickly, so the more toppings, the soggier the top of the pizza becomes.But in my humble opinion, Neopolitan pizza (although it's the original pizza) is NOT the best pizza in the world. (there. I said it. I hope they don't revoke my pizzalogist degree). I can make a darn good argument that the classic New York style pizza is better. The pizza battles rage on. But I'm ceasing fire for now. Maybe another day....FYI: some Metro Pizza trivia, if you want an extra crispy crust, ask for extra crispy, not well-done. I won't give away any trade secrets, but there's a difference. If you ask for your pizza well-done, they will simply cook the pizza  longer.** my pictures are not linking to my review. Click here for my pics: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=nCLrbxT009k8z3mQXZ1M9ghttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=nCLrbxT009k8z3mQXZ1M9g&select=aG4k3HbePeBK3N8genYNUw
1	It's been awhile since I last ate at the famous Metro Pizza and let me say... time has not been good to this once great place. The first indication that things had changed was the fact that I parked in the front row during the lunch rush. In the past you almost had to settle for the Smart and Final overflow lot from 11:00 to 1:30. Once inside the dazed and confused hostess somehow found the effort to say, "How many". These two words were all I got. I believe she is getting paid by the least amount of words she uses during her interactions with guests. I imagine the phrase, "Hello", or "How is your day going" would be too costly and have been removed from her script. Once at the booth I noticed the familiar table cloths that I remember were on the tables when I last visited some 4 years ago. I was impressed that they only had 7 or 8 deep dirty cuts in them considering their age. The good news is that they did go hand in hand with the chipped up painted floor. But enough of about the atmosphere! I mean I would eat off an old tire if it was good! We ordered the salad and the Gothic from the very nice waitress. The salad was good! But the pizza was...not so good, unless you're a fan of soggy tasteless pie. I would have to say that this new Metro Pizza might make the pies the day before and warm them up when ordered. It just seemed like we were eating day old pie that was heated up in a large microwave. The sad thing is I would recommend Metro Pizza to ANYONE looking for good local pizza blindly. Because I was going off my past experience. Now...not so much. Sorry guys I know you offered a comment card at the end of the meal but there just wasn't enough room to put my feeling on a 6x3 card. Bottom line is you guys need to step it up! Get back in there and get that place back to what it was.
5	Obviously, I've been coming here for the pizza for years. It is one of my favorite pizza places. Service is always excellent (at every location) Some of my favorites are the plain cheese, white pizza or the Margherita. I don't know how many times I've eaten several slices of cold cheese pizza... because I can't stop eating it and I don't want to wait to re-heat it. Recently, one of the girls in my office recommended the Mac and Cheese. She knows I love me some delicious mac and cheese. Holy Moly it was amazing. Baked, cheesy deliciousness.  Garlic knots are pretty fantastic too. They came with a side of sauce and it was pretty tasty. Another co worker ordered a garlic knot meatball sandwich thing... it looked amazing.. See photos!!! Next time I go, I'm not sure if I'll be able to choose between mac and cheese and the pizza! Not such a terrible position to be in. Ahhhh. I can't believe I almost forgot to mention the baby cannoli's.  These are so freaking good. I can barely stand it. See my photos!!! Absolute must try!!! Everyone at my table also liked the elaborate Pizza Paradiso (Nutella and Raspberry Sauce) I thought it was good... but a little too much for my taste... The cannoli's are where it's at.
4	YUM!! We ordered salads, hot wings, pizza and 2 hefeweizens!!! Good service and great food!!
2	Pretty good food. The portion size was amazing. Terrible service. When we walked in we didn't get greeted. We waited and looked around. Finally a girl came rushing up to the front and got us a table. After we sat down we got our drink order really quickly but then had to wait a while for our server to come greet us. We weren't ready to order so he said "wave me down when you know what you want". Shortly after we figured out what we wanted but couldn't find our server anywhere. There were 4 employees sitting in a booth towards the back of the restaurant but couldn't see our server to flag him down. We waited about another 7 minutes and he finally came to take our order. The food was very good. Our server kept disappearing and talking to another server. At one point he went to refill our drinks and sat it a walk way with our refilled drinks in hand to talk to his buddy for a few minutes. It took a while after we were done eating to get our server to acknowledge we were finished and needed a box. Like I said, good food, bad service.
4	I have a confession, I'm not a fan of the pizza at Metro pizza. I've tried it on several occasions and it's just ok. what I did enjoy on my recent visit was the chopped chicken salad.Lettuce was fresh, they weren't stingy with the chicken and other  toppings and everything tasted great. I really didn't even need dressing to make it a great salad. Service was friendly and attentive. This was my first visit to this particular location and it's much nicer, cleaner and newer than other locations in town.
1	Worse service ever!  This place USED to be great, service & food.  Not any more! 1. Restaurant practically empty & had to wait 45 minutes for a table.2.  Waiter only takes 1/2 the tables drink orders and doesn't come back for the rest.3.  Waiter takes the food order & never brings clean plates (we went to other tables to get them)4.  Food comes out COMPLETELY WRONG!  No apology from waiter or manager.5. When correct order arrived it was ice cold!6. We have to BEG for refills on our drinks.7. Waiter never comes back to the table to see if everything was ok?8.  We had to find the waiter to get the check.  9. After all these mistakes NOT one penny taken off the bill!NOT EVEN A "THANK YOU FOR COMING"
5	Pizza from Metro? Yes please! My favorite pizza joint thus far! Their pepperoni and regular pizza are magically delicious! The sauce blends perfectly with cheese.The sauce has a bit of a sweet taste to it and is not overwhelming the overall taste. The amount of cheese is pretty generous and tasted like it was of good quality.  Also tried their calzone, they have a stand in UNLV and the pepperoni calzone I what convinced me make my way to the restaurant and try the pizza. Once I did, it was a match made in pizza heaven.
5	I absolutely LOVE Metro Pizza...the hot bread they bring you when you first sit down, and everything about it.  Today we got to try the new meatball sliders and they were TO DIE FOR!  Delicious!!!!Service is always FANTASTIC when I go, and I have always left happy.  keep up the great work Metro!
5	Awesome pizza here. We had the stuffed crust pizza half pepperoni  half loop (pepperoni, sausage, mushroom) and so so so good. The crust was soft and chewy with just the right amount crispness to the crust. So much flavor. I can't wait to come back to Vegas to eat here again.
5	Best pizza in Vegas.  Its always hot and fresh and the staff is friendly and attentive.
5	SHOP LOCAL!  If I have a choice between a corporate-owned establishment and a local business, I will pick local EVERY TIME.  Metro is a local joint.I've been coming to Metro since moving to Vegas in 1998.  Even with the updates to the menu and the restaurant, the place is always great.  I can honestly say I've never had anything I didn't like here.  I've had everything from chicken marsala, to meatballs, to canollis, and of course nearly every type of pizza they have.  It's all great.  I like Metro so much, we even had our wedding rehearsal dinner here in 2002.  Management and staff are easy going and great to work with.  The atmosphere is nice and of course the food is top-notch.  As long as I live in Vegas, I will continue to come to Metro Pizza.
4	In town for a convention and planning to watch the Blackhawks game from my hotel room so decided to look for some Chicago style pizza. I am from Chicago and enjoy Gino's for deep dish and Giordano's for stuffed. In my opinion, this is not Chicago style pizza, but it was quite good. I think what threw me was the sauce on the side. I ordered the South Side which is three types of cheese. There is no sauce on the pizza. It comes separately and you get a choice of meat or tomato sauce. I debated giving them five stars because the pizza was good, I guess I just haven't totally embraced the sauce on the side concept. I would recommend you give them a try as it is interesting and most importantly tasty. I also appreciate that the gal on the phone was friendly as was the delivery driver and they were actually a few minutes early for their delivery time.
3	Upon recommendation from a local, we made a special trip to Ellis Island for pizza.  The pizza was greasy but good.  The plain cheese was better than the white pizza.  The local root beer was good, but some of the pizzas waiting to be sold by the slice looked sketchy (so old and gross looking that it cost them a star in my review.)  Service was okay, but Secret Pizza is close enough that I probably would just head over there instead.  Not bad though if you're hanging out around here...
1	Just went to metro pizza for the first time with my husband and the moment we walked into the door it was horrible. The hostess were very rude and unprofessional. The first server who came by and took our drink order heard my husbands and just assumed I wanted the same thing. Then our next server comes and is so impatient about us ordering... my husband asked about their beer and he seemed like he had no idea. We finally ordered and get our pizza and one of the pizzas came with sauce on the side (weird) and I asked the server what the sauces were and he answered me very rude. The moment I bite into our stuffed pizza it's very cold and the meatballs were not good. The server was also really bad at our refills. We really could not wait to leave and get our check which took 20 minutes after we asked for it.
3	Been here once, didn't stand out to me seemed like typical run of the mill pizza spot. Seems like a good place to take the family or groups.
4	Unique pizza options and very yummy bread. This place is casual, but goes beyond the standard fluffy pizza dough and cheese. Personally I am a think crust person so they had enough simple options for me. Overall very satisfied.
4	We enjoyed the pizza a great deal. Thin crust and just the right amount of cheese. The service was great, always attentive. Big party going on here and we still felt very well taken care of. Large dinner salad was perfect for the two of us.
2	What has happened to Metro Pizza? Have they expanded too far around the valley? Have they put too much effort into Lulu's? I'm not sure, but the pizza I ordered from here was pretty dang bad. On a busy weekend running chores my husband and I decided, hey, let's get pizza. So I called in an order to Metro Pizza. Pretty simple: large pizza, ham, and mushrooms. The lady told me it would be ready in 30 minutes for pick-up. Perfect!We picked it up with no problem, got it home and sat down to eat. First off, I realize we had to drive it home, but it was luke-warm when we opened the box. I have this feeling it had been cooked WAY before the 30 minute pick-up time indicated and had been sitting around for us to actually get there for it.The dough went from crusty-super-crunchy on the crust of the pizza, to doughy-soft at the inside of the pizza. The cheese, to me, was disappointing, clumpy and not good. This pizza was just plain: not good.I hate to do it, because I love Metro. I have for a long time. But, I am sad to say their quality may be slipping. Best Pizza in Vegas? Nah, not anymore.
5	Being in TV Production means working excrutiatingly long hours and often terrible food. After 12 hours on the job and one shitty meal under the belt I started to crave pizza. Wanting to do right by my crew I ordered 10 pizzas from Metro for my hard workers. We got everything from the sausage lover, pepperoni, to the crazy spinach one, and MAN, did people scarf up those pizzas like it was their dying meal. We did that 6 nights in a row and it never got old. It was so delicious that I'm salivating right now thinking about the pizza all the way from Los Angeles. I will say that the one pizza that didn't impress was the margarita. It was very thin and extremely dry/crisp. All the other pizzas were fabulous, fold over types, like true NY crust. For once I really wish the old adage wasn't true:  "What happens in Vegas, stays here." Please come to LA. Period.
4	Food was very good... Had a margarita pizza and spaghetti and they have kids personal pizzas. Nice atmosphere, friendly servers. The pizza was amazing and the garlic knots and sauce are great too
5	Don't let the pictures fool you. The first time I saw the photos that are posted, I was not amused. I settled with this restaurant because it was the only one near my neighborhood that would deliver. Metro fooled me! The deliverer came with a nice silver portable table to utilize so he would not struggle with anything in his hands. Clever! I ordered a thick crust combo pizza and buffalo wings. Metro hooked me up! Not only was the crust thick, the entire pizza was! The wings were awesome! They do not drown the wings and drumettes in buffalo sauce. They add just the right amount of sauce that does not mask the flavor of the chicken. Metro, I'm definitely keeping you in my book for pizza!
3	I've never eaten at this restaurant before but decided to celebrate my birthday lunch here before my family, friends and I head down the street for the Pinball Hall of Fame. They don't take reservations but said they have ample seating and bringing a cake was no problem. When my husband and I walked in, we were greeted by the most awful stench. The smell I would describe as sewage and farts. Gross! I have to say if we were not expecting 8 more people to join us, we would have ran for the door. But alas, we had to sit in the middle of the room bearing the terrible smell. It seems like there were people eating there oblivious to the stench so after 15 minutes or so, I think our nostrils gave and we were able to ignore the odor. Thought we were crazy for a bit until I asked a friend who finally showed up. Yup, there was a sewage aroma in the air masked by cooking pizza. When the food came, there were no complaints. Everything was good! My husband claims the fried mozzarella was the best he's ever tried. The pizzas were larger than I imagined and 3 large pies were more than enough for my party of 10. Overall, great pizza and good value. Would return here if somehow there was a guarantee that the place would smell better.
1	Food was good, service not so much. Our party was seated and waited for forty minutes for the complimentary bread- we had to ask for it four times, while other servers were bringing it to their tables with no problem. Our server was openly hostile and I felt afraid to ask him for anything because he would snap at us. When he was taking our orders after we sat for a half hour, he forgot to take one of my friend's order, like, he just skipped her, and it took is another 20 minutes to flag him down. The place wasn't full at all, yet it took nearly an hour and a half for our food. I ordered the sliders and fries, which were served to me cold. Never once did he check on us. He refused to apply the yelp checkin special of A FREE SODA.  When it came time to pay, he wouldn't split our bill, nor would he charge separate amounts on different credit cards. After some managerial intervention, he finally agreed to charge our separate cards, but he overcharged us $40 total. At this point, we were done with him and just decided to argue the additional charges with the credit card company. If you go to Metro, do NOT be seated in this guy's section (skinny dude in his early 20's, spiky blond hair) unless you want to be served by an openly hostile, incompetent server who will ruin your evening.  And this was the story of how a dinner at Metro Pizza was the most ridiculous THREE HOURS of my life.
2	I've been coming here on and off for the last 10 years or so.  I've seen the quality go downhill in the last two or so years.  Let's start with the booths.  Some of the booths are so in need of new upholstery.  They are torn up and it feels like you are sitting on sharp objects.  They are in need of new table clothes as well, they are worn through in some places.  I had dinner here last night with my wife and kids.  The drink cups had rough edges on top (they are plastic) and are in need of replacement. French fries were under-cooked and chicken fingers were pretty blah.  Chicken Parm sub was decent.Pizza is still very good here, but I won't be back anytime soon until this place gets some love.  Please spend some money and make it look nice again.
5	My guilty pleasure... PIZZA. Metro Pizza does it right. I'm more of a classic pizza guy but their Fra Diavalo pizza is amazing. If you like seafood, then this is the pizza for you. Also, you can't go wrong with the Meatball Sliders. I can't really review about the service because I honestly don't remember... the pizza is fresh on my mind. 5 Stars goes to the PIZZA!!!
4	Kind of strange interactions with the waitress initially but she turned out alright. Asked first person for separate checks (company paying) but she did not communicate this to the main waitress. When the main lady came (which kinda surprised me because I thought the previous lady was our main lady), she almost seemed annoyed when I reiterated the check issue, like how was she supposed to know that. I'm just thinking, I'm sorry, I told someone else, silly me, I assumed she would tell you too. Anyway, she told us she couldn't guarantee the food would come out the same time if the checks were separate. We said that was okay but you and I know that is total BS. This is 'mericuh. You can make those checks come out at the same time. That's how amazing this country is.Here for lunch. Got the garlic knots. Gooood. Got the spring street pizza. Good. Got the nuclear fries. Man these things were addictive! Had, I'm guessing, some fine cayenne which kept making me cough but eventually got used to it. Not all that spicy but has some msg action or something making these guys gooood. Get it. Overall, what can you say. Pretty decent food, worth the visit.
4	the Tuscan salad with chicken is delicious, the dressing is the best. The meatball sliders are the best I've ever had. It's meatballs in between their delicious garlic knots that I already think are to die for. Come hungry!
3	Not sure what is happening...is it my taste buds or what?  But the last time I was at Metro the experience just was not up to par.  The Meatball sliders that were originally so wonderful , were total crap.  I don't get how places change up their perfect recipes for not so perfect...do they not know that's how you LOSE business?  I just don't get it.
4	We love this place. The Loop stuffed pizza is a real treat. The service could have been a little better but in his defense it was rather crowded. The only complaint I had was the wine. Nothing irks me more than when a restaurant charges you 8 to 10 dollars for a glass of wine and then fills the glass less then half full. Well they do that here. Matter of fact it was kind of like 1/3 full. So next time I'll do without wine. Try this place.
4	We got a large sausage & mushroom pizza last night. Good flavors, fresh tasting ingredients and it was cooked properly. We really enjoyed it but were left wanting more after all was said and done.In my opinion, the price is on the high side at $22, and the large wasn't quite as big as it should be when comparing it to some of their competitors.To sum it up... Quality ingredients, good taste, on the small size, and a bit overpriced.
3	The pizza is decent, but they don't really take orders well. I asked for "easy on the cheese" & they instead put a ton of sauce & very little cheese, which made the pizza soggy & saucy. The ingredients were ok, but everything else was all wrong.
3	Needed to get away from the Vegas Strip so we ventured out to this local joint for lunch one day. The pizza was good. The sauce was flavorful and all. The crust was OK - not as crispy as I would like. They did have many other crust options, but we went with the regular crust with the recommendation of the waitress.The service was OK. I mean, it wasn't that crowded, but the wait times were pretty long. Not a big ding on that, but also not worthy of a plus.
3	We fell in love with Metro since there is no local pizza.  We actual would like to find a good take out place, but this is more of a restaurant.  We loved the double stuffed pizza and ate here many times and even ordered take out at parties.  They are too pricey, but we would go at the happy hour price or in large parties with our friends.  Then suddenly the last time we got take out and the last time we went with a large group.  The pizza was horrible.  The crust was hard and bland and the topping ratio was off.  The purpose of paying high dollar is that the quality was supposed to be higher.  I am afraid if we go again and it is bad, we may think they are no longer the same company.  I hope that someone is reading this because it seems other agree.  I really enjoyed the higher quality of cheese that they had and the crust, but it has not been the same the last two times.
2	Very expensive pizzas, and they really aren't good. Whenever we order pizza for work, it always somehow works out to be from Metro.  I have never had a good pizza from this place, and I have eaten here at least two dozen times.  Maybe the take out is significantly worse than the dine-in experience?  Who knows.  All I know is that this place is extremely overrated and quite terribly expensive for a below mediocre pizza.
3	Their service was great. They made me feel welcomed and the place was very clean. However I did not find their pizza as tasty.... not bad though.
2	Garlic knots are excellent.  I like the Caesar salad.  The pizza is too greasy.  The crust is too soggy!  Love the 1950s vibe.  Improve the pizza then it will be ok.
2	We've been a patron of Metro for a long time. It's always been real consistant and we  had come to expect a good meal, always! We've been to three locations amd they were always the same until last night!We had dinner at the Tropicana location. We got to sit right away, they took our drink order and came back quickly for the food order, but the guy never wrote it down. We generally are big eaters and order a lot, last night was no exception. We asked for baked zitti with meat sauce, sandwich and 1/2 clam and 1/2 sausage, pepperoni and mushroom pizza.  What we got was a burnt pizza! Half was clams, a little too much garlic and salty for me, the other half was without our requested mushrooms, instead we got peppers! The baked zitti was regular without any meat so they toyally got our order wrong.They weren't full or busy, there was plenty of staff but it seems our waiter thought he remembered our order. Unfortunately it was very wrong, I like my pizza crispy on the bottom but not charred! I gave a two since they filled our drinks often enough, were friendly but the food was junk. Hopefully next time they can get it right!
5	Just moved from Chicago... we love their pizza & garlic knots. We tried the Modesto (added spinach and sausage). Really really good. Plus, while we waited for the pizza... played a few slots next door and won enough to cover our dinner. Win win!
1	This is for the Metro Pizza at the Las Vegas Terminal 3 airport - tried their breakfast platter of scrambled eggs, potatoes,  crossaint, & bacon- terrible.  Didn't eat it except for bacon. Croissant was  soft like cotton, egg was chopped hard and dry, tatoes tasted like it was fried in old and reused oil.
4	First choice for "cheat day" meal. I have never had a bad pizza here and they give you yummy bread before your meal. Sometimes service can be slow but the staff is great other than that.
3	I really like this pizza, best I've tried in Vegas but I haven't tried many.  This is only the third pizza place I've been to and I would stop here  but  the service is bad.  The  delivery  charge is $10 and my pizza came over 30 minutes late.  This pizza is also over priced, I think they would get a lot more customers if they were a bit more pleasant and had better prices.
5	best east coast style thin crust in vegas. nuf said.
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars, as I feel 3 is low but 4 too high. If I was grading solely on service, I would have given 4 stars. If I was grading solely on food, 3 stars.   We went for lunch, and it was packed. Even so, we were seated quickly, and our sodas brought immediately. We ordered two large pizzas and two kids pizzas, and it took about 35 minutes to get them. Our server was quick to bring refills on drinks, extra napkins, etc. The large pizzas were a bit pricey at $23-$26 each. However, there were plenty of left overs for anther meal. The crust was really good, I loved the snap and bite of it.  My toppings weren't as warm/cooked through as I would have liked, the cheese not quite melty enough. This might have been due to an effort to get all of the pizzas out quickly. My kids each ordered the kids cheese pizza, which was surprisingly large for only $5, including a soda. It came in a frying pan which they found hilarious. (The pan was completely cool, no burn hazards here!)
4	Nuke fries are yuummyy, pizzas are good, beer selection is few but have some locals and good ones. everything is good here
4	Always a good place to get your pizza fix.
2	Ordered albondonga pizza (all meat) - slow to get the pie and taste ok.The place was open late, which was great.  It was slow and there seemed to be a good number of people working.  Yet, getting someone to take our order took a long time.  The place is supposed to be good....food was very average...lacking zip.
4	was my regular pizza place when i livedi n las vegas for 5 years always relaiable good service good decent food solid
4	Every time I'm in Vegas and want a pizza this is the place I go!  The pizza is fantastic! The crust is outstanding, the sauce is oh so yummy, and the toppings are fresh. I always get take away so I can't tell you how the restaurant is, but the service is always good when I pick up my pizza or call to order by phone.  Very nice and courteous staff. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.
5	I love this place.  Every time I go It doesn't disappoint.  My mouth is watering just writing this yelp.  I don't think there is a better starter than their Mr. Pibb and nuclear fries.  Then move on to any of a bunch of foods depending on your taste.  The only problem is being able to roll out to my car because I always eat to much.  I have only made it to desert once.  MMMMM, good
5	Amazing! My boyfriend was the first to show me this place. Since then I I've been addicted to their baked ziti. And don't even get me started on their calzones. Love them! Nothing fancy. Or too expensive. The portion sizes are more than enough.  Always taking home leftovers. And they are even bomber reheated in the oven.
4	I am from New York & I have tasted some amazing pizza! This pizza here is very good. Not compared to New York but it is better than most pizza's in Las Vegas.
3	Nice place but pizza is not really like an Italian would bake it. Its probably because of the electric oven. They do have plenty of discounts and servers are pleasant.
3	Not sure what the hype is all about?  This place is OK.  Nothing special.  A little over priced and inconsistent with the application of toppings.  Put this place in NY or NJ and it goes out of business in less than a year.  Sauce was ok, crust was done pretty well too.  I'll keep searching for a great Las Vegas pizza.......
5	After the epic fail at Project Pie in the MGM, handy dandy Yelp suggested this spot. Bonus points for being super close to the airport since I had to drop off my rental. As we entered we were immediately seated. The servers there were super sweet and accommodating. They recommended we start with the garlic knots and also to go with the stuffed pizzas. We decided to go with the Skyline which comes with pepperoni, sausage, onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, and black olives. When we received our order it was ahhhmaaazziinngg. Though we ordered the smallest sizes available, we still had tons of food to take on the flight with us. If you are looking for great food for a reasonable  price then definitely make your way off the strip and get to Metro Pizza.
1	Pizza is pretty bad. They don't carry stromboli on menu regularly said it be about 40 minutes to make and they ran out a few hours ago.  Beer is 8 bucks from bottle on its on.  Should really step it up.
1	We came here tonight for a team dinner . Got here are 6 pm . They told us we had to be out by 8 because they had a party of 125 coming.So our party of 25 didn't matter   Service  was incredibly horrible..The employees were rude I'm never going there again..
5	Great pizza and it's not overly packed and that is something that is very difficult to experience in Las Vegas. It was not crazy loud and you could enjoy the company of your friends and family with out the headache. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. Also right now if you check in you get a free beverage which is handy. There is a bar as well for those of you who drink.
4	Love it.. service was a tad slow, if you are on a lunch break beware..
