4	More like 3.5 stars but id rather give an extra .5 for a locally owned place than take it away. Hubby & i have been coming here for years. Its a dive for sure, with kitchy 50s decor that looks like it may have been here since the 50s, but i like that sort of thing. They even have a jukebox playing oldies :)The service is usually friendly, the food is ok but nothing to write home about. Its decent though, fills your belly, and is relatively cheap. Kids meals are only $2.65 each, and theyll give you coloring pages if you ask. Its a very casual atmosphere that makes me & my gang of kids feel welcome. Bigger portions, Lots of choices & they accomodate substitutions with no problem. Try the homemade pumpkin nut bread, also the homemade "chips". Theres a reason we come here several times a month. Maybe a 4 stars after all :)
5	Just when you think there are no more real homestyle-cooked breakfast spots in the Valley, you find 50's Diner. Nestled in a medium sized strip mall, this restaurant offers some of the tastiest dishes I have been able to find in Las Vegas. The fact that they pile on the food helps a ton as well! This quaint diner is geared towards those of us looking for food that is NOT thawed and out of a box and put on a plate, so the staff here takes pride in offering tasty dishes made with the freshest ingredients for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Their coffee is freshly ground and the taste is arguable the best for a cup of coffee in Sin City. Loli (our waitress) and Alberto (owner) are there every day (at least it seems like it!) and they make sure you are very well taken care of and that your food comes out just the way you ordered it.My favorite item to order here is an omelette. Which one you ask? Any!  Their omelets are offered in the small and large size (3/6 eggs) and whichever one you pick will please your tastebuds with amazing flavors. Not in the mood for breakfast? Try their daily special (always good) burgers, sandwiches or their chili...just as good and awesome-tasting and their breakfast. Oh, and I think I forgot to mention...their portions are generous to say the least!
4	Formerly an Omelette House establishment, this place changed names and kept some of the Omelette House menu.  I had the Benedict with Hash Browns and a side of biscuit/gravy.  Hash was crispy and the benedict was okay.  The biscuit is not made from scratch, but the gravy is and has a good sausage flavor.  Good service gives an extra star.
5	I truly enjoy this place and this is definitely my go-to with my friends for Breakfast! I love the decor on the walls. Old pictures of Elvis, old Las Vegas street view and also old posters which give an extra "hommie" feeling to this place. When it comes to the food, especially breakfast food, they are amazing! At our visit this time, I ordered 2 pancakes specials which comes with two eggs and bacon or sausage at your choice. My friend ordered Blueberry french toast. I enjoy mine but I have to say his is just over the top, hands down the best french toast I have ever had! The toast is rich in butter covered with fresh blueberry sauce. It tastes amazing! I can't wait to come back next time!
4	I'm always on the lookout for new places to try for lunch...and after seeing Nelson Q. rave about the 50's Diner and how it was locally owned I decided to give it a try. Decor wise it's literally a 50's Diner...it's not as glitzy as places closer to Las Vegas Blvd. But if you judge a book by it's cover you're going to miss out on a gem. Service? Phenomenal. This is a family owned business and it shows. But as good as it is to support small, family owned businesses it's all about the food. So does this diner get it done? Yes they do. They have a pretty good menu with a lot of items but I'm from the Midwest so when trying something new I tend to stick with the classics like in this case a 3 egg omelet, with sourdough toast and potato slices. I'm not a big potato fan but these slices were a nice change from the usual hash browns you see so much of. I went with a California omelet and was very pleased with it. Lots of chicken, peppers, avocado...it was really filling and really good. I want to go back and try their sandwiches and other items on the menu. I'm glad I read Nelson's comments and took the time to check this place out. 4 Stars. I will be back.
4	This review is for 4.5 stars. When I think of going out for breakfast, I don't think of the chains first (IHOP, Denny's, or Coco's), I think of the little local places, like Omelet House, Jamms, and now this place. This family-owned restaurant is located across the street from our Vet's (DI Animal Hospital) and over the years, I've wondered how good it was, noticed that there were always cars in the parking lot. Saw the menu online, www.menusearch.net (good prices!) when I did a search recently (friday night) and wanted to scope it out for an upcoming event. No, it's not related to the other Omelet House restaurants, but there are some similarities. (1) You can get spuds, and (2) substitute freshly baked pumpkin bread for the bread choice @ 99 cents, you can't go wrong. There are breakfast specials, $4.99 and under, at the top of the menu (these are updated prices, from the menu online). Add 99 cents for weekend prices. Also, (3) like the Omelet House, this restaurant closes at 3 pm. But you can get breakfast for lunch here, if you like (don't remember if you can get breakfast for lunch there). I ordered the country scrambler- ham, onions, mushrooms, & cheddar cheese. The pumpkin bread and butter came first; it was pretty good, but only had one bite so I could eat my meal without being full. The spuds were seasoned lightly and very crispy, golden brown, ("better than theirs" our server, Veronica said, as we placed our order), and yes, we agreed!- Sometimes the competition's spuds are a little oily and soggy at the bottom. Unlike the competition's large servings (and hence the higher prices), it was just right for me. My husband got the chicken philly sandwich, and I had a bite, it was pretty good, a little ooey gooey (melted cheese on a philly is a good sign), and he finished every bite, too, scooping up the fallen onions and peppers with a fork. Also, my husband helped me finish the bread. Needless to say, was satisfied, and glad that I did my research online friday night. There is a pretty good size menu, lots of yummy selections. I want to try the stuffed french toast next time, or maybe the corned beef hash (my favorite). Lots of items average about $6.00 generally for breakfast, and about $8.00 for lunch. Omelets you can have either Small or Large. Lunch is sandwiches, burgers, chili, soup, salads, and also a kids menu.The atmosphere is totally 1950s, the decor on our side of the wall was Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, & James Dean. On the opposite wall are record covers. While there was oldies music playing, we also heard hits from the 1970s too. Old fashioned floor, black & white blocks. The bathrooms are marked "His" and Hers". There isn't a baby changing station but I used the stool with a couple seat covers on top (hey, mom's have to be creative sometimes). It was a particularly hot day yesterday and there weren't too many patrons for lunch, a few other parties besides us. Clean too. This is a casual place, seat yourself- lots of booths & tables too. Our server was super nice and when the baby toppled over the glass of water all over the table, she wasn't annoyed, she just acted really fast, and got assistance from two others there. No biggie. With tip, the bill for both of us was $20.00.No longer curious, eager to go back again, this is a little gem in the desert. It's one of those little places that could be featured on DDD, but at the same time, don't want the secret ot be out, either.
5	Great food, great staff. Good for the wallet too. Only open until 3... So get in early!
5	I've only been here once but will added to my usual rotation.  The food was excellent and the service was beyond great.  I had the popeye omelet and ordered the small as it's a 3 egg omelet but the cooks accidentally made me a large (6 eggs), it was phenomenal, perfectly fluffy. The sourdough toast was really good too.  Everyone else with my that day enjoyed their omelets as well.  More outstanding than the food was the service.  The second we walked in we were seating and asked for our drink order.  The refills were constant and they brought out my 4 year old's food right away so he wouldn't have to wait.  Prices are incredibly reasonable we spent $60 for 3 adults and 1 child including a 20% tip.  The ambience is that of a family owned diner from the 50's, the furniture and decorations make you feel like you're back in that time, and they have a malt shop, I will be back soon to try their shakes.
3	I was expecting to like this place more.  It has a good amount of seating and was clean.  I was seated and approached nearly immediately for my drink order.  So, that was a nice start.  To eat, I had the chicken fried steak breakfast with biscuit and gravy substituted for the toast.  The gravy had a lot of sausage in it, but lacked seasoning overall.  I peppered it up pretty good and it wasn't half bad.  I would say with seasoning it could be an above-average pepper cream gravy.  But, the lack of seasoning was apparent.  The biscuit was good, but I couldn't finish it.  The bottom half was too tough to cut, so I only had a part of it.  The top half (that wasn't too hard) was a solid biscuit.  The chicken fried steak was a decent diner style version.  It's a lot of food, but I don't think it's homemade.  The spuds are similar to Omelet House's version of this dish, as many yelpers note.  I would agree that these are better, they were larger and nearly all fully fried.  There were no soggy ones, which can be annoying at OH.  But, like the gravy, there was not nearly enough seasoning.  So, they ended up tasting like ketchup, hot sauce, salt and pepper, which is what I used to season them.Overall, it's a solid value, but I was not blown away.
4	I go here ocassionally for breakfast. Good food and today excellent service. I had the Bisquit & Gravey Platter (yea I know) and it was gr8. The prices are reasonable too. I keep going back and I can recommend that you try it.
3	I thought this place would be worth checking out because it's different. The food was average.
2	Dont understand the rating food was very average.  Diner itself could use a good cleaning!
4	Today is thanksgiving I was pleased to find they were open for breakfast and lunch, the staff is very friendly and attentive, the food is great, prices are reasonable.i have found my new hangout other than the neighborhood Thai restaurant. Thank you 50's staff for starting my thanksgiving 2013 off great! Happy thanksgiving to you all. I will be back very soon to try your lunch menu   :)
5	Great place for breakfast.  Every omelette you can imagine.  We were visiting Las Vegas for Christmas and this is a great place away from the strip.  Great food and great service and not overly priced.
4	Came here for breakfast on a Wednesday morning.  I had thw meat lovers omelet. My wife had the build your own.  Good food. Good service. Not expensive.  Not a lot of healty choices for breakfast (oatmeal), but if you like a good omelet, you can't go wrong here.
5	Love this place, quick and friendly service and the food is delish. But the best part by far is the environment. It gives so much entertainment while you eat and you can tell it's a regular spot for a lot of people :)
4	YUM!Love this place. The service is great. Live me some Angie with her crazy nails. Feels like a down home place. I enjoyed my breakfast very much. Great place to bring kids or a large group.
5	Love it here ! Went here with my family and they gave us such great service ,very friendly staff and great food .
5	Super delicious! My family& I went for dinner& we all loved our food. It's a nice, clean, comfy environment. Great service. Reasonably priced. Felt like a home cooked meal. &&I love the oldies music playing in the background, rather than the annoying pop music playing in most restaurants. We plan to go there for family dinner regularly.
5	My hubby and I absolutely *LOVE* this place! The food is delish, the portions are bigger than most (so make sure you come with an appetite) and the staff is friendly!  The whole feel of the place is so vintage- and 50's (literally!).  The price isn't bad either!  Overall, a great place to have breakfast or brunch.
5	We have been dining here for over 4 years now and the staff is constantly producing great diner food and service.  Our first experience for dinner was pretty good.  My suggestion is to try the fried zucchini, and the california grilled chicken sandwich.
5	Sandwiches are awesome and the price and customer service are unmatched.Definitely a place to stop at when in Vegas
5	I wish this place was closer!  No pretensions, just good comfort food in comfortable booths in yes, comfortable pink walls dotted with vintage posters.  My son and I were greeted with smiles and 50s beach music.  I'm all fuzzy inside.  There really was nothing to fault between the iced coffee and pulpy OJ, to the bacon and soft spud chips (you can order them crisp) to the warm and efficient service.  I really enjoyed the hint of parsley seasoning on the chips and the sweet cream pancakes are GOOD.  So far, the best in Vegas in my book (I enjoyed them more than Du-par's too).  Fluffy and tasty with whipped salty butter and syrup that is a little runny but still good. We'll be back to try the other menu items, especially the apple pie ala mode!
4	We were on this side of town lookin for a good place to eat. Went straight to yelp as I always do & came across this cute little 50s diner. Decor inside is pretty neat. The walls are pink, there's a juke box there (don't know if it works, paintings & pictures that's 50s related. Very cute.Variety on the menu. I decided to get the Mexican omelet. You get to choose if you want 3 or 6 eggs. Of course I picked the 3 lol. I decided to substitute the toast for biscuits and gravy. That was a good decision. They also have home made potato chips that comes with the meal which was surprisingly pretty good. Beau got the French toast special. Didn't really try it but he said it was really good. Comes with eggs and sausage or bacon. Good breakfast place to go to if your in the area! Our waitress was great too. She only came by to check on us once or twice though but we really didn't need anything.
4	I've been eyeing this place for a while now, and I finally resolved to try it today. I'm glad I did.There's some wordage outside saying that this is Omelet House 50's Diner. One of the employees mentioned that they used to be owned by Omelet House a long time ago, and it really shows in the menu. All those omelets are pretty much the same, and there's plenty of other typical diner options for breakfast and lunch.I was being a little budget-minded. I was sad that the "early bird" 1/2 sandwich and soup special advertised outside (~$5) was only available starting at 2 (and going until 6?) so I went for the two egg breakfast special instead (available all day for $4.99) with spuds, bacon, my choice of scrambled eggs, and a $0.89 substitution of the pumpkin nut bread for the toast.That pumpkin nut bread was probably my favorite thing, with a rich flavor complemented by my liberal addition of butter and the sweetness of the baked-in raisins. The eggs were moist, the bacon was good if a little modestly sized. The spuds were very similar to what I've had at Omelet House, and they're basically really thick chips. Would've liked if they were all somewhat crunchy, but some were chewy and some were a bit overdone.Really though, none of the menu options really will break the bank. It's solid American Food with a retro feel, including the music. I'll have to try it again some time. I think it's a good alternative for lunch in the area if you ever want a change of pace from Thai Food To Go.
5	I've read really good reviews on this place and today (Mother's Day) I decided to bring my sisters for breakfast! Loved the theme "50's" also enjoyed the fact that oldies were playing as background music! It was a little too crowed but service was great and very attentive! They also have a sign that reads "the friendliest diner" very true! Our server was very attentive and quick! Thumbs up! So I ordered the short stack pancakes "wheat" these pancakes were soo fluffy and full of flavor! Sucked I couldn't finish them but I'd definitely be back as there is more to choose from! It's super affordable very great food and service!
5	Mexican omelet- the best omelet I've ever had. Great bacon, awesome potato slice/chip/hash brown things! Fast and friendly.
5	the best diner so far! i live the food and the atmosphere! people are awesome there. i must say its a hidden gem in vegas! price is very reasonable. calm quite neigbourhood and a perfect beginning of a day! i will go back there tomorrow again!
4	Loved this place.  The coffee was excellent and they are very prompt in making sure your cup is never empty.  The spuds are beyond amazing.  The steak was supposed to be medium rare, but came out incredibly "well done" and a little dry.  The omelet portions are huge and so worth every penny! Also the pumpkin bread is a must have!! One of the breakfast places I've been to.
4	Omg, this place is so amazing! The waitresses and staff are always so inviting, and warm! The food is also really great. I usually come in for Breakfast. "The Mexican" omelet Is my absolute fave!! Don't even get me started on the spuds! Friggin' delicious!! Lunch is also really good. Usually if I go there for lunch I get the "Turkey Club" or the, "Big Daddy Wamo". 50's Diner is without a doubt, one of the best spots around. Fuck IHOP and Denny's.
4	Mexican omelette was amazing!! Pancakes were delicious, banana bread was a little dry but still yummy. Service was good as well.
2	I went for lunch on 8/4/2014.  I entered and the restaurant was busy with a lot of tables and booths full, although there were still a couple of tables open, I  decided to sit at the counter. I was immediately given a menu by a friendly waitress with a smile on her face.  I ordered the dinner chicken fried  steak but  it was called by a different name.  It came with two sides and I chose a salad and mashed potatoes.  The salad was nothing great and I would call it average.  I was given two packets of crackers, no butter, and I was not asked if I needed anything else.  The silverware was set on the counter with no napkin and I was surprised because I had no idea if it was clean or  if it had been cleaned and I pulled some napkins out of the napkin holder, wiped the fork and knife clean and set it on a napkin.  Just as I finished the salad my "chicken fried steak" was served and it was plain and simple.  Breaded steak patty with "mashed potatoes" covered in a gravy that was probably the best part of the meal.  It had small pieces of meat, but  I couldn't tell if it was sausage or hamburger, and I thought that was odd,  because I am a gravy man.  The mashed potato had what appeared  more flour than I was used to, and it stuck together oddly, like it might have been from a baked potato that had been mashed to make mashed potatoes.  The steak patty was breaded and the coating fell off the patty before I could cut it.  It must have been frozen and did not adhere to the patty when cooked.  I did eat the whole thing as I'm not one to let any Chicken Fried Steak go to waste, but I would not order this item again.  I was not asked if I needed anything while eating either the salad or the steak, even though, I was sitting at the counter and all the servers had to do was turn around while in the area and ask.  It may have been that I ordered a dinner item  for lunch,  but it lacked, anything special  that would make me return and have another.  To be fair, I'll stop in again and order breakfast, or another meal and give them a second chance, because even the best places can mess up on occasion.  My meal/with drink came to $12.99 and it was not as good as a Chicken Fried Steak, I would have gotten at the Longhorn Casino for half the price, with eggs on the side.
4	Always friendly staff, serving comfort food for breakfast, lunch, and now dinner. Zucchini sticks are fresh made...one of favorite things to order as soon as we sit down, so they're usually serving them by the time we are ready to order. Meatloaf omelette or sandwich is always delicious. New York steak and eggs are a bargain at $9.99 (and the steaks they serve are good quality, not that cheap casino special kind). Go ahead and stop by for a good meal from a nice family owned restaurant, I'm sure they'll appreciate it.
3	Friendly staff. Food is decent. The place needs a good cleaning. But not a bad place to grab a bite.
5	This place is a little hidden gem! It's family owned and the food is great! Definitely have to try an omelette with the spuds.
4	A wonderful find. Great food service and who can ask for more. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is the breakfast spuds. Not a big fan. Should offer hashbrowns.  Other than that, one of the best omletes in Las Vegas.
5	Excellent food! Found this on yelp and it is as good as everyone says! Was playing at boulder station and this was just down the street. Ordered breakfast at 8 pm and it was fresh and delicious.
5	I give it top score for following reasons:1. Friendly staff, was greeted promptly as soon as we walked in2. Good crowd of patrons, looks like a local spot everyone enjoys3. Server Angie was very friendly and helped answer any questions even brought out samples of the homemade "spuds" since it was our first time. Homemade potatoe slices w seasoning. 4. Food: NY Steak and Eggs, Patty Melt, BLT       All was excellent in my opinion. I'm no food critic but tasty no complaints. 5. Sundae: can't go wrong with sundae at a 50's diner :)
4	I've been here a couple of times but never for breakfast. The service and food is very good, the location not so good. But it's one of the few good places in this dumpy side of town. My colleague for the Mexican omelet and was raving about it. I got a tasty patty melt. It's also cheap!
5	This place is not far from my house and I've driven by it for years and never went in.  One of my friends told me how good it was so I went with here there.  Their breakfasts are really good.  I didn't like the chips served with the eggs, but next time I'll just get the home fries.  The Decor is very 50's, the staff were friendly and the service was top notch.  I agree with the person that said the place could use a good cleaning, but it would not stop me from recommending the food.
4	I like it there it family owned and everybody is great there the bacon is so thick the spuds are the best a must try place great for local..
2	So sad to say but this place just did not cut it for me. We were able to sit anywhere and our waitress brought some menus out to us and waters. The menu definitely needed to be wiped down. I could feel a layer of food build up ackk. The water cups were also a little on the dingy side. However, our waitress was friendly and made sure to check up on us frequently. I ordered the Petunia Pig omelet adding avocado and my boyfriend ordered the Pilgrim turkey sandwich and replaced fries with hashbrowns. Everything on my order was overcooked but everything my boyfriend had and everyone around me had normal cooked food.  The toast and spuds that came with mine were very black on the edges, extremely stale and not warm  like it had been sitting out for a while. My omelet was also very rubbery and on the cold side. My boyfriend's sandwich and hashbrowns were warm and fresh tasting. I was thinking about giving them a second chance but how can you send out two things to the same table where the quality of one is definitely lacking. So no thanks, very disappointed.
5	We had a great experience here! Fantastic service, absolutely delicious vanilla drip coffee, delicious bread, yummy omelettes!  My daughter got a burger gluten free style with no bun and it was cheesy,  juicy and delicious!  Delicious milk shakes too! Big-time yummy there!  We will absolutely go back. Today was our first visit and we enjoyed every minute!
5	Love this place. Its a must every time I come to Vegas to work which is about 8-10 times a year. Cute atmosphere. The staff tends to you since it doesn't get extremely packed like a dennys or Ihop, which those places are too commercial for me anyways. I like little mom and pop places like this. Food is great, and they're on top of the coffee which is awesome for a coffee addict like me. Def a must try if in Vegas, a little out of the way if youre staying close to the strip, but if youre like me and dont like to go anywhere near the strip and stay off the strip i recommend this place.
5	We had a great breakfast here - tried the egg & bacon special that came with pancakes - a great deal for the money with the best pancakes ever(sweet cream) - but you have three choices.  Then we tried the pumpkin bread and a buscuit and gravey side - both were exceptional.  I can't wait to go back.
5	It has been over 2 months sinse I have eaten here. I had the same omelet I always eat #36 egg whites only, grilled chicken, sausage,  zucchini, spinach, avacado inside and Jack cheese.  Todays new addition was a side of Spanish sauce that I dumped on top.  All I have to say is WOW, this sauce is amazing.  I have now tried it on the following: fries, burger, hot dog and the California chicken sandwich.  This stuff is phenomenal and ridiculously addictive.
5	Went here for brunch. Awesome place. I had the 2 pancake special that come with eggs or a choice of 2 pieces of bacon or 1 sausage. They have specials daily. Service was great by the guy that took our orders. This place is a must when in Vegas. We will be back.
3	This place was pretty cute. Idk if I consider this place a hole in the wall, but it was still cute. I also don't know much about the 50's so idk how accurate the decor is. They had posters of Elvis and Marilyn Monroe On the walls. The main reason I liked this place was that it had an actual diner feel. When people in Vegas think of a diner they think of Denny's. They have the wait staff right on the front of the menu. They're all nice. I do wish they wore like a 50's themed servers outfit but oh well lol.I had their smothered steak with garlic bread that came with 2 sides for $12. I chose their soup of the day and their spuds. It was cream of mushroom and the chips they have shown on everyone's photos.  The soup was good, nothing special. I do like their spuds. They're like home made potato chips. They're delicious. If they seasoned them they would definitely be special to me and something I would crave and return often for.The steak came "smothered" in mushrooms and grilled onions. My food was okay. I don't expect much when it comes to steak at a place like this but my steak sucked. I'm so sad to say! I assumed they'd be hesitant to do a medium well and serve it pink so I went with medium and it was gray/brown in the middle. It was disappointing. I didn't send it back I just drowned it in A1 but steak really shouldn't NEED that. Also their really should have been a sauce if it were smothered. I should have known to get something easier to not mess up like chicken fingers.Anyways I also had coffee and their 50's platter. The coffee was great and definitely refilled plenty. The platter was an appetizer sampler and was a big portion for 7.99. It came with two chicken fingers, two fish planks, zucchini fries, and onion rings. Everything was tasty. Overall I enjoyed my visit. I do like the waitresses. The food was decent. The prices were fair. Won't break the bank but not super cheap. For three people who shared an appetizer, 3 coffees, and three "entrees" we spent $40.Would I return? Yes. I'd want to try their desserts like apple pie to see if they're home made. I would try one of their omelettes as they have a whole page of em! They also have all of the classic diner items you'd expect like biscuits and gravy, breakfast items, steak and eggs, and eggs Benedict.
2	Greasy food and waiters were not attentive. Over all first time experience was not good. On a good note the spuds were good!
5	Good food.  Good prices.  Nice staff and good service.  I had the corn  beef hash with eggs easy over.  The ambience is 50s.  All in all a good breakfast for the price.
5	We were early birds at Bill's, which meant we had most of the place to ourselves. Had a window seat, a refreshing beer from their extensive beer menu and one of their delicious burgers.
3	Service is very friendly. The Portuguese omelette was great. The spuds are basically potato chips. I paid more to have hash browns which were good. I'll be back.
