5	I've been eating here for over 20 years.  The owners change.  The staff changes.  The menu remains pretty much the same.What else does NOT change is the food -- consistently delicious!  Served quickly.  Friendly doesn't change either.
5	For a place that has been there for over 20 years, I'm surprised that more people haven't heard of this place.  I know there has been many different owners as Charlie G. mentioned in his review, but that is no excuse for more Yelpers not knowing about this place.  NY's Best Italian Bistro is in a random location in the Scottsdale Air Park right by the runway.  We sat inside because it was freezing out, but had it been warmer it would have been nice to watch the planes landing/taking off while eating our meals.My party of 4 went last night (Monday) at about 7pm and the place was not crowded at all.  The place is very cozy with about 2 dozen tables and a small bar area.  I was told that the place gets pretty busy around lunch time and on weekends.Upon entering we were immediately greeted by a host/our waiter/the place's owner.  He is the nicest guy ever and I could have listened to him talk about his food all day long.  He is a heavyset Italian fellow who talks with a strong NY/Italian accent.  You can tell he loves his restaurant and his food with a passion.  We asked him several questions about his establishment and his food and he provided friendly and detailed answers.Their menu is not has huge as some of the other Italian places around, but still contains the typical fare.  I hate it when there are millions of choices because it makes it difficult to choose.The bread our table was given was superb.  It was fresh, hot and fluffy.  I'm not sure what kind it was but I think it was some type of foccacia bread.  It came with a bowl of olive oil with some spices/other stuff which was an excellent combination.* I was really looking forward to the Caesar salad with their homemade dressing but right when I was about to order it our waiter said, "Wait, our chef messed up and made an extra Mediterranean salad.  I'll give that to your table on the house."  I couldn't argue with that so I'll get the Caesar next time.  Anyway, the Mediterranean salad was excellent and full of good stuff.  It is enough for 4 people to share.* Next we got a small 10 inch Margarita pizza to share.  It was excellent.  You could tell that the mozzarella was fresh and the sauce homemade.  It is more than enough for a few people to share for an appetizer.* Chicken Parm - WOW!  A huge piece of breaded chicken topped with homemade sauce and more of that great mozzarella.  It was soooo good!Just about all the meals come with a side of pasta and I like it that you can choose whole wheat pasta.  Thats what I got and it was ok.  I probably could have done without it though.For dessert I insisted we at least try something so I ordered their homemade cannoli.  It wasn't excellent but was pretty good.  I like that it wasn't humongous though.  Next time I'm going to try their homemade tiramisu.I can't wait to go back and try more of their excellent food.  I want to try everything, but I may try a healthier option and get meatballs or meat bolognese over veggies.  I cleared it with the owner and he assured me they would make just about any of their meals any way that you want.
5	This place is malto bene! The owner is honest and sincere and has a love for his business. The waiter was great and was really good with the kids. Linen tablecloths and napkins, I felt underdressed in khakis and a polo! But everyone was dressed casual....The antipasto salad served 2 adults and 3 boys.... Fantastic with fresh meats and cheeses, crisp lettuce and artichoke hearts.The saltimbocca was wonderful and the gnocchi's were cooked perfect.Enjoy this little, tucked away bistro....ask for a grappa.... Really generous and good tasting!
5	We ate here tonight and the food was incredible! It is tucked back off the "beaten path" but don't let that fool or deter you from checking it out. If you are from Chicago or NY you will LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! It rivals food I've had in both of those locations (and then some)! I ordered the fettucini pesto and my wife got the baked pasta - both were fantastic. We also started with their calamari which was above average and finished off the dinner with tiramisu and cappuccino's. Sad to say, but the tiramisu here is so much better than my italian mother-in-laws (which is seriously good!). In the valley you will be hard pressed to find a better joint.In addition to the food the wait staff, the owner(s), and the family atmosphere are amazing.  The Staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome and let us know they appreciated our business.  We'll definitely be back.  There aren't many places like this left, so If you live/are in the area, be sure to stop in.
4	Went here over the Thanksgiving holiday with all the family, 12 of us. The service was great and the food was very good for Arizona standards. I would definitely come back here. The kids loved the pizza, NY style of course. I am happy to gave found this place and will go back regularly.
3	Very friendly staff! Our server was very nice, and the owner stopped by to say hello. Our water glasses were always full, and our table was kept nice and clean.The food is very good, and it is definitely reasonable for the price. The only complaint is that some of the food is VERY heavy. It felt a bit like a brick was in my stomach after we were done eating. Also, I heated up my leftover pasta the next day, and it was very easy to see all the oil that my pasta was drenched in.All in all, great service and good food.
5	I returned here a few evenings ago with a party of 6.  The service and food was excellent as always.  I had the eggplant parm which was great and so was the Caesar salad.We also ordered a large margarita pizza.  I didn't really like it that much because there wasn't enough cheese but I was told that is how it should be.  The crust however was phenomenal.  It was kinda on the thicker side, a bit crispy and a bit chewey.  It kinda sorta had the flavor and texture of a croissant.  I didn't confirm it, but it didn't matter because it was excellent.
4	The food is delicious! It's tucked away in the Scottsdale Airpark but it's one of the best kept secrets in there. Great Italian food. Nice people working there. Love it!
5	Their Mediterranean salad is amazing!! Wonderful food, every time!
5	Great food, great people!
5	Big portions, fast and friendly service.  Feels like I was back in The Bronx
5	What a find!!  I took my family to this place and everyone loved it.  The young teenager and a couple of adults, each with very different taste concerns.  All of us were very happy with the meal.  As a family we all poked around in each other's plates and we were all very pleased with all of it.  The young one had a pizza that everyone at the table loved.  One of us had the squash ravioli and that was probably the biggest hit of the night.  I am not usually a fan of oddly stuffed ravioli so I did not order it, but certainly would next time.  That was an amazing meal.  The deserts are also made on the premises from scratch.  The price for this meal was very reasonable.  Four of us ate for about $100 and we had deserts, coffee, beverages and sides. This place is adjacent to the Scottsdale airport.  Off the beaten path.  Must try.
1	I used to come here every single day for lunch religiously, but since new owners as of about 2 months ago or so it sucks big time.  They are changing everything including the recpies :( They will run this place into the ground and that really is too bad.I gave them a try a couple of times but its just not the same!!! Food and Service not happy with at all.
5	The best kept secret in Scottsdale--Portions, taste, atmosphere, Vince, Vi and Michael, are great--what a pleasurable evening ----we took 20 people there and thoroughly enjoyed every minute.  Thanks for a great dining experience.
5	The owners of this restaurant are awesome! They're like your sweet aunt and uncle that make you amazing food. Lunch is delicious, and dinner is even better! The wait staff is passionate, and courteous! I recommend them to my customers all the time!
4	Spaghetti Bolognese was really good.  This place is not on Scottsdale Rd.  Only a block off but it has no visability.  If it weren't for Yelp, I would have never found it.  May explain why I was their only customer at 6:30 pm.  Definately will be returning.
3	Four stars for lunch.  Two for dinner.  The food's great across the board.  So is the service.  I just don't notice being in 70's era surroundings at the end of a municipal runway as much when chowing down on a $15 lunch cheesesteak and soda, the way I do when forking over $30 for a bowl of pasta and glass of wine.
5	Damn! This place totally rocked. I was in AZ on business and needed a little Italian food to comfort me after 10 days on the road. NY's Best Italian Bistro was just the thing I needed. The people working there were all smiles and took great care to make sure everything was perfect. The waitress described each special in a way that made me want to eat the air around her to capture the flavor of the words that she just bespoke.The eggplant appetizer with a stuffing of ricotta cheese, spinach and basil was topped with a chunky, tart and mouth-exploding marinara sauce that made me utter "oh my God" in disbelief. It was amazing. And so simple. Next up was the gluten-free penne with meatballs in a vodka sauce. Huge portion of taste that no mortal could finish. But it was a great snack the next day in my hotel room. Wine list was good and I will definitely be back here next time I roll through Scottsdale.
5	The original owners are back and New Yorks Best is better than ever as far as I can tell. As a regular prior to the ownership change in sept/oct of 11 it was sad to see Donna and Tommy go and almost right away things started changing for the worse with them gone. Well I am happy to report to yelp that Donna and Tommy are back and the food and service is better than ever and I have been averaging lunch there about 3 times a week as you just can't beat the quality of slices they sell. For any other old regulars out there like myself head back in the waters are fine, and for my fellow yelpers who haven't tried this place I would strongly suggest stopping in and grabbing a slice of pizza as it doesn't get better than this place unless if you have time to hop a flight to new york on your lunch break.
5	Finally my favorite people from NYC are back in Business!!! NY's Best Italian Bistro is back to normal! I have been waiting for this since the business was sold to people that did not know what they were doing.Donna & Tommy you are the best!!!Love, Sam
5	Best Italian food we've had in AZ! Attentive, efficient, and friendly service and an open-kitchen concept, plus an outside patio. It's at the tip of the Scottsdale Airport runway, not easy to find, but so worth it!!They start you with a fresh-baked, piping-hot pillow of Foccacia bread with seasoned olive oil to dip it in. The Eggplant Rolletini appetizer was a special tonight, and thanks to another Yelp recommendation, we ordered it and it was out of this world. We also had Lasagna (terrific) and the Filet Mignon Saltimbocca special with prosciutto, melted fresh mozzarella, mushrooms, and a marsala sauce with roasted potatoes to soak up the delicious sauce. Yummy tiramisu and slam-dunk Canollis. Everything tastes so fresh and delicious, head and shoulders above the Italian chains. You need to try this place! : )
5	A real hidden gem in the Scottsdale area.  Been to New York's Best Itailan Bistro multiple times over the last year and have never been disappointed.  Great Italian food, and there are always multiple specials each day.  I almost always get the chicken parmesean, which is the best I've ever had.  The employees are always very nice and happy to serve you as well.  All in all it is my favorite Italian restaurant in Phoneix.
4	Best.Bruschetta.Ever.  I came here with some co-workers for lunch and found quite a gem! I would have never found it on my own as it was tucked away, but thanks to Yelp I found it! Apparently one of my co-workers had been coming here for years but had kept the secret all to himself. The Mediterranean salad with chicken was very good, and the bruschetta was to die for! I liked the chewy bread instead of crusty, crispy kind.  The pizza bread was decent but could have been a bit saucier.  The decor is adorable. I am always so happy to find small places like this!
2	Disappointed to say the last.  Ambience - 1Service - 1Food - 2Reminded us of a place headed for Kitchen Nightmares.
4	On a family vacation in Scottsdale, AZ, we stumbled across this quaint little Italian restaurant that was tucked away by the airport about a block off Scottsdale Road. The reviews were good, we were hungry and with a family full of ex-New Yorkers living in Southern California, we're always up for some good New York atmosphere.  As we pulled up and walked in, someone held the door open for us... turned out to be one of the owners (I believe)... I was immediately greeted (as the last one of the bunch walking in.. and hobbling on a banged up knee from a day of tubing through rapids).. with sarcasm on how I should "take my time, they'll be open another 5 hours"..Ahh... New York sarcasm.  I was already feeling "at home".We sat down fairly quickly.  The restaurant had a good amount of people in it, but still had room for us with barely a wait.We never said anything about being "from New York" but were treated quite well from the wait staff (and owners/managers) who kept checking in to be sure everything was going well. THE FOOD:The menu was typical Italian.  Amongst the 7 of us we had Linguini in White Clam sauce, Eggplant Parmagiana, Shrimp Parmagiana, Gnocchi, a small pizza, Cavatelli w/ sausage & broccoli and Calamari Fra Diavolo (ordered by my 8 year old son).  The one thing I wanted to get but passed on was the Braciole (in mama's gravy).  That was a special, but I opted for the Linguini instead.  EVERYTHING was really good.  We didn't stay for desert since we were all tired from the long day of tubing, so I can't comment on the deserts... but we were all quite happy with our meal.Additional Service note: We found out towards the end of our meal that our waitress was from Massapequa, NY (a town on Long Island that my wife & I lived in w/ the kids before moving to Cali).  The other owner came over.. he was from the Bronx.  We all joked around a bit and they were certainly a friendly bunch.  I observed how friendly the staff was with other guests too and they certainly appeared to make everyone feel welcome.  Always a plus.Good food + Good, friendly service from people who appear to honestly care is alway a winner in my book.There's a Maggiano's down the road and a couple of "NYPD"'s, but I HIGHLY recommend this place for it's authenticity.
5	By far the best Italian food I've ever had. Everything here is just incredible. I love that everything is imported from Italy, if not made from scratch. The waiters are very welcoming, personable and make it obvious that they care deeply about the quality of food, service, and the customer experience.
5	O.M.G.I had a patient rave about the food here.  He lived part-time in Chicago and we were trading some of our local / Chicago favorite restaurants.  He mentioned New York's Best Italian Bistro and I thought it sounded like a deli.He recommended I go check it out.  So I arranged date night with the SO (who turns down an opportunity for date night after all?) and went last Friday.By far the BEST Italian food I hve ever had.  My boyfriend and I shared the Bruschetta as a starter.  Wonderful flavors (be prepared for garlic!) and was the perfect size for two.For dinner I chose the Gnocchi with Bolognese Sauce and my boyfriend ordered the lasagna. The Bolognese Sauce was OMG perfect and the Gnocchi tender and plentiful.  The lasagna came out bubbling hot, with just the perfect amount of sauce, and it almost had a sweet side to it, and both dishes were delicious.The Tiramisu ........wow.....the fluffiness, the creaminess, the subtle hint of liquer....We will be back!!!!
5	I love this place! Family-owned, amazing food. It's off the beaten path and not overly crowded. I can't wait to go back!
4	Huge portions....don't let the industrial park vibe outside scare you. The staff is very friendly and food is totally solid, if not super inventive.  If you are looking for a good mix between fast-ish food and homemade cooking and don't mind looking like you are pulling up to a storage locker for a body dump, this is the place for you!  Chicken parm sandwich for the win.
5	I swear we've tried about every Italian rest in Scotts & Phx and been disappointed, but not this one!  Even better that its family owned. Tucked away by Scotts airport, tbird/Scotts rd.  go for dinner. homemade bread that is still warm that is delicious and order one of the specials. Chef made a special order meal for my picky son and I never saw him eat so much! Hubbie & split a bottle of wine. This place truly cares about its customers and service is outstanding! My only critique would be to sit in the area on the right when you first walk in- the ambiance is a little nicer, better decor & less white hairs.  We will definitely go back!
5	Great classic Italian food. I usually get either the gnocchi or cavatelli with rosa sauce and always leave with a smile on my face. They also have great slices of pizza at lunch.
5	The best Italian food I've ever had (and I lived in North Beach in San Francisco). The second I walked in, the owner Tommy greeted me with a warm Italian welcome. Our Waiter John was amazing. The food was out of this world! From appetizers to desert I was impressed.1. Sacchetti Con 4 Formaggio E Pere: Homemade pasta pouches. Filled with 4 cheeses and fresh pears in a brown butter sauce with romano cheese shavings.2.Penne Alla Vodka: Penne with Tomato Vodka Cream Sauce 3.Fettuccine Alfredo
5	My office used to be just down the street, so I decided to try it as I am always looking for a hidden gem.  I found it here.  I have only eaten lunch, but have never once been disappointed.  I usually get the hot italian sandwich, which is out of this world.  I also enjoy their hippie rolls and calzones, which are unreal as well.  I now take clients to this spot whenever it is convenient.  You won't be disappointed!
1	Been here a few times, but today marks the day I review it.  The reason is because I took a girl out to lunch here, she had their slice of pizza, and there was a long hair under/in the cheese half way through eating it.  Gross!.  She lost her appetite, I felt like crap for telling her it was a good place.  The food is good as long as they hold the hair.  Didn't ask for a refund, but did get another slice for her, so she can attempt to overlook the previous one.
4	Great little casual, NY Italian spot that we keep coming back too.
4	Had a very good dinner last night, good service very friendly staff. We had the Marsala and pasta special and would recommend both
5	Found this place from a recommendation in Sports Car Market. Excellent choice. Coming to Scottsdale for the car auctions for 10 years.  As a resident from South Jersey, I am an Italian food snob. This is the best Italian restaurant I have found in the Phoenix area. If you want good authentic Italian food- give it a shot. You won't be disappointed.
5	I found this little gem in the middle of nowhere. Thanks to all the Yelp reviews. Let me start off by saying that this place is in the middle of a business park. We went for dinner on a Saturday night so the business park was empty except a few cars in one corner of the parking lot. The restaurant is not facing the street so I just followed the parked cars. All I have to say about this place is wow. The decor is casual. Nothing really pops out to me but the food is great. My wife was going wild over the hot fresh bread. I had the thin crust Margherita pizza. Very good. I really enjoyed it. My wife had the spaghetti with meat sauce and really enjoyed it. We think that they used the same sauce for the pizza and spaghetti which we're not complaining cause it was so good. We ended our meal with their homemade Spinoni that had three flavors of chocolate, pistachio and strawberry that was dipped in a hard chocolate. This was so good. We were fight over the last few bites and of course my wife won. The service was great. They were filling our water cups in a timely manner without us asking. The server was very friendly, helped and very pleasant. They were very grateful that we came in and everyone thanks us. What can I say great Italian food, good service but hidden in a business park. Can't wait to bring our kids.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat when Italian food is craved. All of the menu items I've had have been excellent but the speacials are always to die for!
5	We found this place by an act of God, literally.  We were down here vacationing and were looking for a place to eat later in the evening.  NYBIB came up on a search for Italian restaurants on my car's navigation system.  We called and learned that they were due to close in 15 minutes (9 pm) but they told us to come in, so we did.  My wife said the voice on the phone sounded both like he was from NY and Italian.The moment we set food inside, I knew we were in for the real deal.  My wife and I are both part Italian and familiar with very good Italian cuisine.  I could tell just from looking at the parties remaining at a couple of tables that this little hidden away eatery was going to be very good and it did not disappoint.  The diners looked local and Italian and were obviously enjoying themselves immensely. We were greeted, seated and served by one of the owners and chefs name John.  As it turned out, he was from the same neighborhood in the Bronx where my family is from. After a little more talking, I learned that we were the same age, born in the same hospital (two months apart) and went to the same Catholic school as kids.  Small world.I initially thought I was going to a nice little pizza joint but this little gem is much more than that.  After John told us what the specials were, the pizza idea was put on the back burner and we went for a full blown Italian feast.  My wife and I ordered and greatly enjoyed two of their featured specials . . . one was talapia baked in marinara sauce and capers and the other was homemade oso bucco ravioli.  Both were perfect, something different that the run of the mill Italiano fare,We also ordered a roasted/grilled artichoke marinated in garlic, herbs and olive oil that was out of this world good.  They also serve homemade focacia bread with olive oil and herbs for dipping.  All that and a couple of glasses of their house Chianti made for a wonderful and authentic Italian dining event.  Our teenage son and nephew were equally impressed and recognized the authenticity of the restaurant almost immediately.We finished our meal with canolli and homemade spumoni ice cream both of which were the best I've had anywhere.  The service was very attentive and friendly.  The food was some of the best I've sampled and the entire experience was A-1.  We will be visiting this little bistro which is tucked away in an industrial park just a block off of Scottsdale Blvd and Redfield.  I am so glad we found it.  What a gem of a restaurant.  Don't miss it.
5	If you are lucky to be there on a night when the Chef makes his special RAGU sauce then you truly be in for a treat pasta with meatballs,sausage and a pork chop. INCREDIBLE try it.
5	have been eating here since it opened,the food has always been great.the family is always very nice to all.and will be eating there again tonite..........love it
5	I love this place!!Having found this restaurant from great reviews on Yelp - decided to give it a go.My husband has been on the hunt for the best spaghetti Bolognese in the valley! and he found it!!!!The grilled peaches - amazingThe Chicken masala - best ever  Creme Brulle - have only amazing things to say about it and of course the Spaghetti Bolognese - this is by far the best I have ever tried!Best Italian food around!!
5	The best Italian food I've had in AZ. Closest to little Italy in NY.  Appetizer was grilled pizza dough topped with fig jam, prosciutto, arugula, cherry tomatoes, shaved Parmesan and drizzled with white truffle oil and balsamic glaze. Awesome!  We had Malbec  wine, the best eggplant parmesan with delicious tomato sauce. My husband had shrimp scampi--also very good. For dessert a comp cannoli (b-day) and imported peach sorbet served in a fresh peach. A go back for sure!
5	Hidden gem is the key phrase.  I go to NY Best every couple of months and get reminded about what a great experience it is - great service with their "welcome" atmosphere and terrific food.  Tonight I had the special appetizer - grilled peaches with mascarpone and prosciutto.  Very good although I admit I missed my Mediterranean salad.  The spaghetti carbonara was so authentic that I may never be able to order anything else which would be a shame because everything is so good.  If you're there on a Saturday and they have the "Sunday gravy", order it but hope that you didn't eat all day.  Will keep recommending to my friends and will start to put on my calendar more often.  Thank you!
4	So, I went here because it had four and a half stars on Yelp. Would have never found this place on my own as it is tucked on a side street along the runway of the Scottsdale airport.  The food did not disappoint.  The bread was average, but the dipping sauce made up for it.  The only reason it did not get five stars is that it's wine selection is pretty limited.  Service was great, perfect for families.
5	Great place.  Great food...piping hot and delicious.  Excellent service.  House chianti was exceptional too.  I would just request to sit on the left side when you come in.  It looked to be quieter over there.  The right side is adjacent to the open kitchen.
5	Excellent food and outstanding service.  I loved the home made ravioli stuffed pumpkin!
5	We dined here for a birthday celebration.  The wait staff was excellent and they were very accommodating, I wish the seats were a little bigger and softer as I needed a pillow.  All the food was amazing, well prepared and came out in a timely fashion.. The waiter John is from the east coast and hit it off with my family members.  The antipasto was great as an app and everyone had fresh made pasta with one pizza.  the food melted in your mouth and even the bathrooms were clean.  It is right next to the Scottsdale airpark.  Great Food, Great Services, Great atmosphere and Great time .  Enjoy from one foodie to another
5	Visiting Arizona wanting Italian food, yelped it and found New York bistro. Food was unbelievable, service was A++++, and prices were cheap. Could not be happier! Recommend any Italian food lover to this great establishment.
5	Wowee wow wow. I'm not a huge fan of Italian because to me, unless it's done really well, it's pretty terrible. This is the best Italian food I've ever had, and the service wasn't far behind. I found this place for my folks and our little one when they were visiting and wanted Italian. We hit it based on the Yelp reviews and the reviews are right on. 1. Service = A+. Greeted at the door and treated like long, lost, welcome family. Our server, John, described the specials so well, that you could basically see them in front of you. Our drinks were never close to being empty, but John never hovered or smothered us. Just very on top of things.2. The food. Seriously, the food. The special appetizer was one of the best things I've ever eaten- I hope they add it to the menu. We all had something different: calamari marinara, gnocchi marinara, cheese ravioli (for the little one), and one of the specials. Everybody was raving about the flavors- nothing was heavy or overdone. It was all just so tasty and we all ended up taking some home. (BTW, they labeled our take home packages, which was helpful for dividing it up later- my folks wouldn't leave theirs with us because it was too good. They put it on ice and took it back to Tucson with them.)3. Price- very affordable. For the quality of food you get and the amount, you seriously can't beat it. The ambiance is not what you go for, but the food and service more than make up for it and it is very family friendly. We all agreed how excited we were to have found this place and how pumped we are to go back.
5	Highly recommend !!!  The whole dinner from start to end was great.  Service and food authentic.  Best bruschetta I have ever had, this includes little Italy in NY.
5	Just perfect. Hidden away next to the airport like a gem for the Med, this clearly family owned establishment hit all the right marks. Handmade ravioli with veal? Spectacular. My 9 year old got this as the daily special and I had to fight him for the last one so I could try it. I had the catch of the day, a tilapia filet that had to be 8-10oz with pasta and Roma tomato sauce with mussels and clams. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. Didn't try anything from the dessert menu but we will definitely be back for another try. I do recommend calling ahead or reservations as our party of six was a scramble to find seating on a Friday evening at 6pm. Really loved this place!!
5	The cuisine served at NY's Best Italian Bistro is the future of great Italian cooking in the US..this is Italian fusion at it's finest and most imaginative. The sauces are brilliant, the service is expert, and the place is welcoming and not pretentious . I
5	Excellent! In from ABQ read the reviews - stopped in. Great food, super friendly staff - loved it. Be sure to try the Chicken Parm.
5	The wife and I found this little tucked away spot on a Saturday evening. The service was just a little slow, but the staff took great care of us and the food was absolutely off the charts. People who know their Italian food frequent this place. We will certainly be going back. My comment about the service is probably an indicator that I'm always in a hurry. Our waiter treated us like family. If you are looking for some amazing Italian, this is the place.
3	My wife and I had dinner here 2 days ago.  First of all, the food was very good.  Our server was a little over-attentive with constant drink refills and asking how our meals were (after we already answered her).  The decor was a bit tacky...it seemed more like a cafe than a restaurant.  I became uncomfortable in the restaurant when the owner and servers would stand behind the dessert counter and look at us, then talk to each other, then look at us again and again...it was a little creepy.  I don't think I'll go back.
1	Me and my friend stopped by here today for some lunch. The table we sat at was dirty with crumbs and food. Rather than moving us to a different table the waitress just brushed them off. We ordered the vegetarian pizza. Living in NY for many years I feel I am a little harsh on "authentic NY pizza." But this was AWFUL. It was so thick...reminded me of frozen pizza. Our waitress also left halfway through. For the rest of the time we had no service. I went inside to ask for the bill and everyone that worked there was sitting down and eating. Which is fine but it would have been nice to have been checked in on ONCE. He brought the bill and we waited for what seemed like forever until I finally got fed up and brought it over to the employees table. I felt like I was interrupting their meal. Rather than running my card he stayed their and finished his conversation (and food)- then got up to run it. Needless to say I will never be back to NY Best Italian Bistro. Terrible customer service.
4	Nice neighborhood place.  My kids love it too.  Goat cheese stuffed dates wrapped in prosciutto are yummy
1	The food was great here! I liked the linguini and clams with the white sauce. The thing that bothered me was the service. I was eating and the waiter kept watching me and asked me every 5 seconds if I was finished. It was so annoying. Can I just have a dinner and just eat at my own paste? But other than that, the bread was fresh and warm and everyone else was friendly and nice. do I like the restaurant's food? Yes. Was I annoyed the whole entire time? Yes
5	Joint is off the hook!!  We ended up finding this place on yelp actually and by far the best spot we found in AZ while on vacation.  It's definitely tucked away in an industrial business area but what a gem!!  It's family run with the majority of the employees from NY.  Has a warm Soprano type of feel inside but totally inviting!!  Delicious food, great hospitality and for a great price.  Just thinking about the calamari is making me salivate as we speak... We had soup, pasta, salad and the focaccia bread is outstanding.  And can I just say homemade cannolis??  OMG...FABULOUS!!  We ate here at least twice in 1 week and it hit the spot each time.  I wish they had a bay area location..This place is a must when in AZ.
5	Excellent, authentic food.  Fresh vegetables, perfectly al dente pasta, high quality cuts of meat, and very flavorful sauces.  We had the pappardelle, penne al vodka, and veal piccata.Service was very attentive and also kid friendly.Affordable and large portions.  Wine list is decent as well.
5	After a 7 month delay we finally made it back to NYB Italian Bistro.  We had planned to return for dinner but forgot that they are closed on Sunday (good for them!), so we stopped by for a later afternoon lunch on the way back home.  It was nearing 3pm on a Monday so naturally we were the only ones there during the transition time between lunch and dinner.   It was almost like dropping into a relatives home to say hi and share a meal.  We wanted to try their pizza so this was a perfect time to do so.  We opted for an outside table to enjoy the balmy Scottsdale February weather.  We shared an anti pasta salad and a margherita pizza both of which were very good.  I always judge pizza by the crust, sauce and toppings.  The crust was between too thick or too thin and crispy, very reminiscent of what I remember from the Bronx.  As usual we had a terrific time talking about the neighborhood with John and we met his younger cousin Donna.  Great place for lunch or dinner.  I don't have much interest eating at any other Italian restaurants in Scottsdale or Phoenix.
1	Came here for lunch. Lady taking orders ignored us completely, talking to her friend about her kids. Had to actually interrupt them and ask to put in my order. Calamari was soggy and chewy.... disgusting. It took 40 minutes to get my pizza, had to go ask about its status and it was just sitting there ready to go but no one had delivered it to our table. Good pizza, nasty calamari, horrific service. Don't go during lunch time.
5	Valentines Day Date Night!  At first I was a little skeptical, a little restaurant next to a airport! Aye Aye AYe. We got there before the 'dinner' rush since we live in Peoria,AZ so the place was empty beside the kitchen staff having their pre-rush supper.  Little did I know that this place would KnOcK my TasteBuds socks OFF! Once our watier, who I think had to have been an owner, starting telling us the specials with great detail my mouth was watering. Appetizer: Carppaccio en salade (artichokes, fresh mozzaelle, balsamic, olives) 5/5My Dinner: Fresh Lobster Ravioli with marinara sauce (instead of the special sauce which had mushrooms which I am highly allergic) 5/5 --I could have licked my plate!My Husbands Dinner:  Linguine Pescatore amazing!! 5/5Dessert: Cheescake. good. 4/5However the way our waiter explained the cannoli is peaked my interest. I am not typically a cannoli type of girl, I decided to give it a go. I AM SOOO GLAD I DID. That little piece of heaven was fantastic.. crunchy, cinnamony, creamy. I almost didn't share it with my husband.. haha. 5/5Highly recommend and can't wait to go again!! Awesome Food!
5	Great food and great service for our party of eight including two kids.  Especially liked the spaghetti with sausage, onion, and peppers and, of course, the house Chianti.
5	What a great restaurant!  Nice, casual atmosphere.  Had eggplant parmigiana, husband had lasagna, shared a small antipasto salad (plenty for 2) and spumoni for dessert.  Everything was delicious, the prices were reasonable and the service was wonderful too.  Will definitely return.
5	We are here for the Arizona Bike Week from California.   Looking for an Italian restaurant.  Our first choice was closed but boy were we glad! The food was amazing! The staff & owners were wonderful. The portions were huge. We were so full we had to take some desert to go.  We will definitely come here again when we are in town.
5	Brought the kids to lunch here. They have cheese pizza for $2.99 a slice. I got the pasta special with fusilli, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and sausage. My hubby had the spaghetti with meat sauce. For dessert we had the spumoni which was coated in chocolate and delicious. Definitely a hidden gem!
4	Off the beaten path by the airport with bar and outdoor seating in addition to main area. Authentic Mew York Italian staff. Lunch me menu is limited compared to dinner menu. Good food. Reasonable prices. Spimoni was excellent, good house Chianti.
5	Very good food and pleasant atmosphere. My husband and I celebrated an anniversary there while on vacation. We were very happy with the entire experience, that we had found this gem. Highly recommend!
5	Excellent service and great food. Slightly hidden location a block off of Scottsdale but worth finding.  Only disappointment was that we didn't get to try Mama's Gravy.  Got there at 7 and they were already sold out.  Server and hostess and owners were all great and very attentive.  Reservations recommended. Great for anything from a casual dinner to a romantic dinner date.
5	Need a reservation for dinner--We had dinner on a Sat night, we arrived at 5:20pm. We have a little one, don't judge. :-) Anyway, they did get us seated but they were concerned because we did not have a reservation. I thought it was pretty early for them to be too busy and there was only 2 other tables taken at the time. They did begin to quickly fill up. I went ahead and gave 5 stars though because the food was really good and service was also once we were seated. Try the bruschetta, which is warm soft bread and melted cheese drizzled with balsamic-not the typical definition of bruschetta but really tasty. The pasta dishes are generous portions with really good marinara sauce. Pizza with good crust. We will be back with a reservation next time.
5	We stopped by for dinner before we left for Kauai the next day.  As is ALWAYS the case, everything was top drawer, FIVE star  . . . the BEST.  We took a chance and dropped in right around 5 pm thinking it wouldn't be busy and reservations wouldn't be necessary.  We got lucky and were seated at the LAST non-reserved table, so I recommend calling even for an early dinner.I got a little nervous driving up because the only sign was "Italian Bistro" and the New York's Best Italian was missing!  Turns out it was recently blown off during one of these infamous Valley of the Sun wind storms.I like to try something different each time I visit my favorite Italian restaurant.  Saturday night features "Mama's Gravy with rigatoni, braciolle, sausage and a meatball.  I couldn't resist and I was NOT disappointed.  The gravy was cooked perfectly with just the right subtle sweetness.  Not acidic or overdone which sometimes my own Italian (rest in peace) Mother would do.  Par excellence!We are always treated like family when we dine here.  John is wonderfully attentive, always friendly if not completely familiar like family.  After all, we went to the same Catholic school in the Bronx at the same time but didn't know each other until now.We first "discovered" NYBIB last summer while on vacation in Scottsdale so it was fitting that we had dinner there before we departed for vacation this year.  If you want to experience the "real deal" as in authentic, homemade Italian fare, this is the place in Arizona to do it.  I've lived here for almost 28 years and I've eaten at my fair share of Italian restaurants.  This is the only one I need.  Enjoy!  Bona appetite.
5	This is seriously one of the best Italian places I have ever had the pleasure of dining at.  I found out about it via Yelp, before going out to Scottsdale for Spring Training. My family and some friends were looking for a good restaurant, and based on the good reivews, I suggested this place.  Needless to say, we were not disappointed!  So, first of all, this place is off the beaten path (which I like)... not hard to find, but you have to look for it.  It's tucked in this neighborhood where you would not expect a restaurant, but the place is great!!!  Get reservations.... it's busy. We went on a Saturday night.  But the owner was there and was so friendly, accommodating, and helpful... he is the one who took our order, and took the time to answer all the questions we had.  It was a beautiful experience. They were so warm and hospitable, and the food was simply off the hook!! I mean, melt in your mouth good! We were there about 3 hours and closed the place down but never did they make us feel like we needed to get out of there... we were considerate of their time but they were also considerate of ours, never tried to rush us out or anything. I believe the owner's name is John... I'm so bad with names... but he was just an absolute doll and it was truly one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Delicioso!  Grazie Mille!!
3	This is more of a sandwich review than  a restaurant review. I can't honestly say I've experienced the best of what New York's Best Italian Bistro has to offer but I did like the italian sub. It had a good amount of quality ingredients, lettuce and tomatoes were fresh, but the bread was a bit heavy for my liking. I was also hoping the "Italian" would pop out in this sandwich; it seemed a bit masked by the quantity of plain ham.Swap out some of the ham for more salami, pep, or cap, lighten up the bread and boom, winner!
5	Most reviews refer to this as being tucked away...which it is.  The end of a runway.  With spectacular cuisine.This rivals any Little Italy that you might find:  New York, the North End in Boston, Philly...Try...everything.  Truly old world food that was spun in the kitchen of Italian masters.  The red sauces are light and fresh, the white sauces are a delight.  Pizza -- magnifico.  Strombolis -- like you are sitting on a bench in Venice.  Pasta -- imagine the hills of Tuscany falling away at your feet and the sun setting on the horizon.  Really, a wonderful find in the elbow of Scottsdale!
5	I can't say enough how happy we are to have found this place. We recently relocated and had been looking for really good traditional Italian food and this is it. We were told the owners are an Italian family from New York and it shows. We started with a round loaf of hot bread with a olive oil tappanade that was super tasty. We shared a spectacular, fresh antipasto salad with all kinds of yummy meats. I ordered my fave, chicken Marsala and it was everything Marsala should be. Hubby got the special, a stuffed pork tenderloin with fig, goat cheese, herbs and a white sauce that was out of this world. We were super impressed with the quality and taste of the food. I only wonder why the place isn't busier but it is in a bit of a weird location. I almost hate to let the secret out! We live almost a half hour away but will absolutely be making the drive back-well worth the reasonable prices for such a meal!! Also have to mention that the staff, including our server and the host, were fantastic and welcoming. What a find :-)
5	OMG!  Fantastic! Come early on a Saturday night and order the mama's gravy special.  You will not be disappointed.  They sell out by 7:00 and i understand why. The only thing I am disappointed about is that I did not find this place sooner. On weekends you will need a reservation. Try the eggplant rollitini appetizer. Delish! The cannoli is the best I have ever had.  It rivals Mike's Pastry in Boston.  This place is full of regulars and the owner knows everyone's name.
4	Old school NY Italian cuisine and service.  My sausage and peppers pasta was super tasty.  Very good food and service in the Scottsdale Airpark.
5	Yum!!!
5	Read some great reviews right here on Yelp and decided to have dinner here for my birthday. Dinner was excellent, the service was even better. Very personable and really cares. I'll be back for sure!
5	After lots of research for the beats Italian food, we made the trip fromSurprise, AZ. John, from the Bronx, was the most amazing host. He made our anniversary so special! We had the specials: seafood salad (very fresh and tasty)and lobster ravioli(with the most decadent cream sauce). He suggested a chilled Red, which was a perfect addition to our meal, especially given the hot weather. We ended with tiramisu and cheesecake, yummmm. The fresh bread was awesome too. So good we bought a gift cert for the picky New York in laws :) thanks John!
4	Definitely not a bad place. Good selection, good food, nice staff, and excellent bread with a dipping sauce that is awesome! They have a full bar too including beer and wine. However, none of the food was truly amazing. Nothing made me say, "that was the best that I ever had". You would not make a mistake dining here and I definitely would come back.
5	Perfect in every way yet again.
5	Excellent Italian.  Everything was delicious. Great service. Great food.
5	Just like the best of New York/New Jersey
5	I work across the street from this place and I am very lucky! Best Italian food in the state, hands-down. I've had items such as their eggplant parmesan, Italian subs, hippie rolls, pizza...it's all excellent food. John and his staff are great too.Off the beaten path; right next to the Scottsdale Airpark. Visit this place for lunch or dinner, you will be glad you did!!!
5	Great food, great service, nice and calm environment. Best Italian restaurant I have ever been to.
5	York's Best Italian Bistro is fantastic! This is the best spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had. The dishes are robust and fresh, and the service is always good. This is also a great place to bring your family, as they have plays capes for the children. Or just stop by for coffee and dessert the coffee is delicious. As well, they have catering, and I've personally tried the wedding cakes before and they are superb!
4	This place is a little off the beaten path of the main road but it was definitely a good find. The pricing wasn't too high and the staff is very friendly. Our waters were always full and several times someone came by to ask if we were okay.  My girlfriend got the vodka penne pasta which I tasted a couple times and it was delicious. Overall good atmosphere and service!
5	Nice place to have lunch or dinner I have been going there for years , The food is great
5	I have worked nearby in the airpark for years now and have always wondered about this place. Finally one night while I was craving Italian food my husband remembered "that place we always pass by in the airpark" so I yelped it, saw the great reviews, and so we went. We arrived a little before 6:00 on a Saturday night. The hostess greeted us and asked if we had reservations with a "I hope you have reservations" look (the place wasn't packed yet but it got to be quickly). We told her we didn't have reservations and she politely asked if we would be okay with the patio - this was not a problem. I would eat on the floor if they wanted me to - their food was amazing!We started with homemade bread and the most delicious dipping oil EVER. We also had the Calamari Inferno, which was to DIE FOR. I had the Saturday Special, "Mama's Gravy" (it involved pork tenderloin wrapped around meatballs with rigatoni and authentic Italian sausage) and my husband had Eggplant Parmesan. I cannot put into words how delicious this place is, just GO. You won't regret it. Prices were low, servings were generous, service was great (turns out the hostess was also our waitress and I think she was an owner / family as well), and the food can't be beat. Its probably a good thing I didn't go to the restaurant during all these years of passing by it on my way home from work because I would be a total addict. Who am I kidding though - I will probably start getting takeout from here on my way home regularly :)
5	Loved this place! No frills here and great tasting dinner items. I ordered a pear and cheese pasta dish with balsamic drizzle.  AMAZING. The other dishes we ordered were fantastic.  Simple and very tasteful with affordable prices.  Will come back.
5	Don't let the unassuming exterior fool you. The food is excellent. The wine selection is superb. The service is outstanding. The owner went out of is way to accommodate our large party (11) at the last minute. An excellent experience all around. And go on Saturday for the mamma's gravy special. Truly authentic Italian.
5	Amazing place! My wife and I started with the special of  Mussels with white wine--delicious.  The bread and dipping oil was great. We started also with inferno calamari.  Wow so good. The heat was moderate for  inferno which is really great because you could taste the wonderful marinara sauce. For the mains I had mama's gravy!  So amazing. Slow cooked sauce with lots of meats over rigatoni. Only available on Saturday and get there early, like before 6 otherwise it might be sold out. My wife had the Carbonara and said it was delicious.  We LOVE the place.  Our new favorite resturant!
2	Service was prompt and friendly. Unfortunately the food was barely mediocre. I had the clams in white wine and garlic sauce and although the sauce was palatable, the clams were chewy and tasteless. We also had the spaghetti with meat sauce, which was very typical and hamburger-y. Definitely feel like we could have had much better Italian food in the area for the same price. Shame.
5	I lived in Arizona for 20 years and I was born and raised in New York so when it comes to pizza, I have a pretty good idea what to look for in a good pie.Ok first let's look at the crust, New Yorkers fold pizza and when you fold a slice of pizza the crust should crack similar to a taco shell and that is what you get here in this place. The second thing is the sauce, this sauce has a sweet flavorful taste that goes so perfectly with the crust and of course the cheese. The cheese is excellent. It is the absolute best pizza I ever had in Arizona and don't gimme that gormet stuff. Gimme a slice on a paper plate and we're done!
5	Thinking about moving to Scottsdale, New York's Best Italian Bistro is one reason to move here tomorrow.       I'm a New Yorker visiting for one week, and my son found the restaurant online.     For that I will be forever thankful.The food was great, so was the conversation with John, also from the Bronx.No need to review what we ate, no need to review the desserts or the wine.Believe me, visit New York's Best Italian Bistro and you won't be disappointed.If you are, write to me, and I will refund the cost of your meal.The true meaning of a five star restaurant.Lewis
5	Highly recommended!!Great service,  the food is delicious, and they're from New York. Real Italian food you can trust!!
5	Heard about this place from a friend.  Does NOT disappoint.  Excellent food and very friendly service.  We'll be back soon.
5	How has this place been around for twenty years without me in it? This is hands down my favorite Italian restaurant and I'm pretty obsessed with Italian food! Everything I've tried here is delicious and seasoned to perfection. The staff is amazing and always friendly. The owner is there frequently and welcomes everyone with a smile. Try the ravs, the ziti, something with pesto or really, anything. I'm always looking for excuses to go here. Don't miss out like I did for the last couple decades!!
5	Fantastic! Chicken Calabrese was incredible. The Bolognese was very tasty.  We will definitely be back!!
4	This restaurant has been hidden away here for years  It is at th end of the scottsdale airport runway. It's a down to earth new york family run restaurant serving basic italian fare such as macRoni  and gravy ,  lasagna and pizzas . The food is very good there is indoor and patio dining.Beer and wine is served  and there is a good wine selection. Come here for plane jane italian food.There is plenty of  parking available.
5	Wow!!! Amazing food plus superb service- win win.  We ordered 2 things off the specials for the night. The calamari special was fantastic- so many flavors which complimented each other so well. I ordered a tenderloin stuffed with spinach and prosciutto and fontina cheese- so delicious. My husband ordered mamas gravy which is only on the Saturday menu- he enjoyed every bite.  Oh and the bread that comes out prior to the meal was soft, warm and pretty much melts in your mouth. Nice that they provide a dipping sauce too. We will be back.
4	Great restaurant. The food was delicious. My mom went to this 3 times in one week. She loved the spaghetti carbonara.  It's not very expensive, the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable. It's NOT a quiet restaurant, we brought a 15 month old.
