5	And so, my 200th review takes place.  And what a place to review.I found this place by pure accident.  I mean, who actually goes inside the Neonopolis anymore?No, I was in Insert Coins meeting the founder of Intellivision (long story) last night when I saw this guy with a "Toy Shack" shirt on, talking about them being featured on "Pawn Stars", they just opened...."Where are you guys located", I asked, not expecting the forthcoming answer."The Neonopolis", he replied."What, here", I asked incredulously, which in retrospect was silly, as how many empty places do we have called "Neonopolis" in town?So after my jaunt, I went.They just opened last Sunday, and they said they only have 20% of their stuff out as of this writing, but I heard the angels sing as I stood in their doorway.Actually, a better description of seeing this place for the first time is: How many of you remember that old Daffy Duck cartoon where he saw the genie treasure, got that crazy look in his eye, then proceeded to shove people out of the way screaming "Go!  Go!  Go!  Down!  Down!  Down!  Mine!  Mine!  Mine!  MUHUAHAHAH!!!"I'm not saying I was that bad, but it started growing the longer I stayed in there.The place is colorful as can be, and even not fully done, they are wall to wall toys already, and some of it I was getting twitchy for, as it was already a virtual tour of my childhood.  And no, I'm not telling you what I liked in case I want to buy it later.  THERE'S my "Daffy Duck Moment".The two guys running it were SUPER nice.  Very helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Of course, I'd imagine that it's easy to be pleasant when you work in a business based around fun.  I took a liking to the manager (Boyd) and his co-worker immediately, warning them that I am going to simultaneously love and hate them for this place.  They seemed okay with that.  Sadly, so did I.Apparently, they have their "Grand Opening" on September 5.  I can only imagine what this place is going to look like when fully stocked, and how much trouble this place is going to get me into.And while G.I. Joe was not my usual toy of choice as a kid, seeing that 7 foot long aircraft carrier (one of the Holy Grails of being a kid in the 1980's) still in box....  These guys are already taking the kid gloves off for awesome.Damn it.  Just... damn it.  My wallet weeps.
4	I really liked this toy shop!  It has a ton of unique toy figurines and other memorabilia.   It was a walk down memory lane seeing the Holiday Barbie's, while my husband was drooling over the Transformers case!  I don't typically watch the Pawn Stars show.  Apparently, the owners of the Toy Shack are connected to the Pawn Stars and they do the toy appraisals for the show.  We talked to one of the owners.  He explained how to make an appointment to bring items down we are interested in selling.  At this point, because of being newly opened and the hype of the Pawn Stars show, they are only doing appraisals on Monday mornings.  He said to call and make an appointment.  He also told us a story about a customer who didn't know the value of the items she had and was trying to sell them.  Immediately they realized what she had and they ended up contacting her father.  Long story short, they saved the family doll collection from being sold.  These guys seem like they are in business for the right reasons and aren't out to screw anyone over.  My husband and I both plan on bringing a couple items in.  It's definitely worth checking out if you're Downtown....lots of cool stuff to see!***On another positive note, the Neonopolis is going to be opening more shops!  I was so happy to hear there is a revitalization of this area!  It'll be exciting to see the changes in the next couple months.
4	Where did this place come from?As we were walking west toward the FSE, this random little shop of awesomeness caught our attention out of the corner of our eyes. With a large Stay Puft Marshmallow Man staring you down, how could you not check it out?The shop is filled with a great selection of toys and memorabilia. Much of it will bring you back to your childhood. Some of it will make you utter a Keanu Reeves, "Whoah." That "whoah" will either be based on the sheer craziness of the item--like a 7.5-foot long GI Joe aircraft carrier--while most of the time, it will be the high prices.Yes. This place isn't cheap. But you don't come here for a bargain. I imagine this place is more for collectors and the like. Or perhaps you just want a trip through memory lane.
4	This place brought me back to my childhood. I'm talkin about Shee ra Princess of Power, Thunder Cats, GI Joe! Yes, I'm an 80's baby. Anyway, I loved it! You'll find it's geared more towards the Collectors. Barbies, cartoon and comic book action figures, Old school toy sets like GI Joe Airplane Jet way, Hot wheel tracks, Freddy Krueger and Jason masks..They even had the Christmas Story Leg Lamp!!! How awesome is that?! unfortunately, on sale for $189... so yea, the items are a bit expensive.. Great place to check out if you're looking to get that warm and fuzzy feeling or the joy of playing with toys when you were a kid :b \Located on Fremont street!
4	While wandering aimlessly around Fremont Street one night, I happened to notice a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man on a store tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the main drag.  My husband and I walked inside and were greeted by toys from our childhoods: She-Ra, Optimus Prime, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to name a few.  It was so much fun to look around and yell, "I used to have that!"  Gotta love trips down memory lane.  As we were looking around, I saw someone that looked really familiar.  "How do I know this guy?" I kept thinking to myself.  Then it finally dawned on me.  It was Johnny the "toy expert" from Pawn Stars!  If I didn't already feel dorky enough walking around a toy store, I certainly reached maximum nerd levels going up to Johnny and asking him to take his picture with me.  He was super friendly and chatted with us for a good 10 minutes about being on the show and how he just got this new store.Definitely a fun place to visit!
4	No Thundercats???!! You gotta be pulling my Shnarf Shnarf!!  It was my 29th birthday and what better place to bomb a couple hundred on some toys that made me the man I am today (with my wife's approval of course)... except the fact that they were sold out on all the Lion-Os and Panthros.  Nonetheless, the shack was 80's galore!  There was enough He-Man and Transformers that graced the walls to keep me in a state of Multiple Toygasm!  There's no better place than ToyShack to re-live the days when furry briefed, blond haired studs use to kick skeletor ass!  By the Power of Greyskull baby!
5	Super awesome!!!! I thought this place was really cool and really fun! The had all kinds of toys, new and old! Girls stuff and boys stuff! They were willing to negotiate prices on stuff as well. Got the hubs a mini general ackbar.
5	Johnny! There is no better place to go- for a trip down my childhood play times!!! And the project with Pawn Stars, Ricks Restorations, Kounts Kustoms and you is a dream come true!!!
4	Toy Shack is definitely worth the stopover to take a gander if you're at Fremont Street.  Totally blast from the past... walking around the store took my back to my childhood.  It almost felt like a museum.  This place is definitely not your average toy store and is targeted more towards collectors.  Seeing a lot of the toys I had as a child selling for buko bucks made me wish I kept them in good condition.I've been to a lot of similar store in different cities and I think this one is set up very well.  They have lots of inventory and their stuff is pretty mint.  Check it out!  You might find that one toy that you had as a child that you forgot all about and have to have again!
5	Remember all the toys you tore up as a kid? If they included Star Wars figures and especially Hot Wheels you can step foot in this store and buy back a piece of your childhood. The Hot Wheels section which takes up pretty much one whole wall was like a time machine for me. Now that I have a 2 year old who is starting to play with cars the combination is irresistible and now he's got the start of a good collection thanks to the Toy Shack. While in there check out the video games (Dig Dug! among others), the classic plastic model kits of the cars that were always out of stock back in the day, and the super-humongous apparently not for sale GI Joe Aircraft Carrier. (I've heard of them but never saw one until I stepped foot in this store!) Service is good, no attitude, and quite helpful. It's not a full line Toys R Us with bikes and Play-Doh and such, but for the products they carry they have stuff I have found nowhere else.5 Stars: Earned by Service and Inventory. (The little 62 Chevy Pickup Hot Wheel that's now in the collector's box which I've tried to find off and on for almost 30 years earns the stars in my book.)
5	Johnny is the "EXPERT" in this business!!! Along with a great staff, you will love your visit to the Toy Shack!!! A  perfect fit for Freemont Street!!! Ask Rick Dale(American Restoration) or Rick Harrison(Pawn Stars) Johnny and the Toy Shack Know about toys!!!
4	I've been visiting stores like this for years. They're so much fun...they take you back in time, make you wonder how much you could've gotten for that MIB Todd McFarlane action figure your mom sold at her garage sale for $1, and contemplate spending 60$  on the same figure when it was originally $12.99.They had a wide array of toys and collectibles for young and old from Barbie to GI Joe to Nascar, even Beanie Babies. The staff was always around to answer questions or pull a toy out of a display case for you to fondle. Some prices seemed reasonable, others seemed outrageous, but I guess it all depends on what it's worth to you.Located in the almost ghost town state of Neonopolis around the corner from their now closed Hama Sushi and newest edition Luna Rosa, so don't walk on by and miss it.
2	Well, I have to say that based on word of mouth from a friend of mine who had a friend shop there, I was hoping for much better. I was told there were good deals to be had, but I didn't see that in the pricing at all. The items in stock were cool, but way overpriced. I could buy the same statue up home in Washington State for 300 versus the 500 they wanted for it. I looked at Toy Biz X-Men movie toys and he's askin' 25 bucks per carded figure. You really can't give that stuff away at 5 bucks, let alone 25. The customer service was fine, staff was friendly but, the prices were overblown amazon.com prices. Interesting to look at, but don't expect to buy anything unless you've got a lot of money to burn.
4	This is a really interesting vintage toy store. If you like toys old or new, stop by and browse. It's right by the Fremont Street Experience and is a good place to take a breather, too.
5	I am an avid vintage toy fan and have 4, 50 gallon tubs of scifi collectables in storage as well as some prize pieces proudly displayed throughout my apt here in Vegas.  I've seen this guy show up and give appraisals on Pawn Stars but have never heard of his shop and had no idea it was located downtown off of Fremont street. When I was walking down there and my GF suggested we go in and see what they were doing on the stage they had erected out front of this store I told her I was going in and to come get me when she was ready to go. She actually followed me in and had a great time reliving her childhood as many of the toys they have are geared toward her gender and childhood. AS far as the toys were concerned they are top notch and the selection seemed unlimited. The staff was very helpful and accommodating but one did leave me a little upset; I asked for a specific collectable matchbox car and pointed as the thousand or so on the wall and asked if they could pull the car in question up in their database to see if they had it before I started pawing through their inventory;  He looked at me laughed and said no "we don't offer that service as it would ruin the hunt and take away the sense of satisfaction once you find your car" WTF? He is kinda right as the hunt is fun and important to a collector but as a business owner you need to know the inventory of your store and the insurance value of every item and they could have looked this up to save me 5 hours of searching.  I was very put off by his response and his lack of trying to help me find the car and make a sale for the store. If you are a collector with a low amount of money to spend they have some quality items in your price range and if you are at the other end of the spectrum you can find something there you don't already have in your collection and will be impressed. I know I was.
4	I had to visit this place when I was in Vegas... As a fan of vintage toys and Pawnstars' show, it was a must.I saw Jonny there and was impressed with the store. Price was a bit higher for some items that I expected, but he has a selection you cant just find anywhere.Definitely a place to check out and spend some dollars.
4	A worthwhile stop for toy collectors, enthusiasts and the curious.  Jam packed with vintage and new collectable toys.. Its a fun store to browse and leave with something you didnt know you needed! Shops like this, with a passionate owner are exactly the stores I like to shop in and support! I'll go everytime we are in Vegas...
1	don't bother trying to sell anything to this guy. does all of his research by looking at ebay. doesn't know the difference between a series 1 figure and a series 10 figure. offers $7 for something he charges $150 for. do yourself a favor and sell on ebay or craigslist.
5	Thank you to my Awesome boyfriend for bringing me here one day before going to dine at Du-pars restaurant and bakery.I knew about this toy store from the show Pawn Stars as I have seen them bring the Manager/Owner of Toy Shack on the show for appraisals and advice.That very man was in the store when we visited on a Friday so I had a chance to chat with him for a bit.This store is Amazing fun with all of the old toys from my day and beyond. I definitely was taken on a stroll down memory lane.Transformers, betty boop, CPK dolls, garfield, He Man, She Ra, My little pony, Gremlins, monchichi are just a few of my favorite things!While I was there a lady caught me sniffing the skin and hair of an old school Cabbage Patch doll. I have no clue what made me do that however I do remember the distinct smell of that yarn hair and plastic rubber skin lol. If only I still had the CPK dolls my Mom had gotten for me back in the day I would be very thankful.My boyfriend saw the set of crash test dummies car set in which he used to have as well back in the day. I am glad he said something because had I picked up the car and played with it like I was about to then it would have fallen out into lots of pieces. This store is cool, they have lots of new and old toys. The prices are not cheap, you are going to pay to replace your favorite old school toy! They have a tour, not sure of the details but we noticed on the way out a group of people all come in with badges and an announcement that before the tour they could take a photo with The Owner.I will be back :)
4	I wish that I wasn't so full when we visited Toy Shack. After just having stuffing myself silly at the Heart Attack Grill a few stores down from here I waddled over to Toy Shack, which, probably like most people who visit here for the first time, I had heard of thanks to Pawn Stars.The store is chock full of toys that I haven't seen in a long time and they're priced accordingly. I expected most of the older toys to be priced depending on what they are but seeing some of the newer stuff with varying prices when they are readily available in most toy and department stores at one price was a bit disappointing.Being so full of meaty goodness I had a bit of trouble concentrating on everything on offer here. It was actually quite overwhelming with old and new toys of all sorts to be seen and plenty of them. The Star Wars section was massive and I really don't know how I managed to walk out of here without purchasing a thing. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely be back to Toy Shack, only with an empty stomach and a full wallet. Well worth the visit!
5	We happened on the Toy Shack while checking out what's been added to Neonopolis.  We went in because a) it was the coldest night of the year so far, and I was freezing, and b) because I realized this it THE Toy Shack of Pawn Stars fame, and that's my fave TV show.  I think I got a little star-struck seeing the owner there up close and personal, but decided to ask him a question about a very old toy I had.  He was gracious and forthcoming, and I appreciated not getting brushed off.  And I learned that girls' toys, like vintage expensive ladies' watches, don't have the value that boys' and mens' stuff has.  Boo.The store is totally amazing, filled floor to ceiling with toys old and new.  I wasn't into car replicas as a kid, but I could get into them now as vintage items.  The store had thousands, and they were spectacular, as were the Barbie dolls from every era.This is truly a special place, and I'll be taking my little guy here next time he visits! Ah, if only my mom hadn't gotten rid of my Emenee Organ, Melody Bells, and my brother's Lionel trains...
4	Don't you love that you can buy back your childhood? Everything has a price! So much fun to browse. I think walked around this place 3 or 4 times and every single round I found something I didn't see the first time! The prices are a bit high but if you find that one action figure that you've been missing since selling it in the garage sale 20 years ago then shell out the big bucks!
4	I couldn't decide whether to start the 2013 year of Yelp with some healthy eating or some healthy shopping.  My inner child gave in and won!  Although is usually does most times.If you've been checking out Tony Hseih and the number he and Zappos are putting onto Downtown LV (come on Tony...2 interviews with your Zappos techs and still no job offer!) you know it's pretty happenin' there these days.  In the middle of the new and much deserved hustle & bustle of Downtown is a little shack called, Toy...umm...Shack.  Toy Shack!  The sweet, unbridled memories it harkens me to when I was an asthmatic, fatty fat boy playing with my GI Joes and Robotech toys in the sweet, sweet dirt...wondering why girls found me less than interesting.  I now play with bigger toys, computers, routers, switches, servers...and yet, girls still find me less than interesting.  Hmmm....Toy Shack is kid central.  Heavenly.  It's a Toys R Us with way cooler toys.  On the downside, much more expensive!!  Who says nostalgia doesn't pay!  At Toy Shack it does.  If you can't hold back the excitement say goodbye to your money!  I love me some toys but damn...I love me some good eats too.  It's a healthy balance.Want Hot Wheels...old and new and that elusive Treasure Hunt?  Check.  Want Transformers past and present?  Check.  Want the latest in Marvel and DC?  Check.  Need you some Walking Dead toys?  Check.  Looking for vintage Star Wars stuff?  Check.  Jonesin' for those exclusives from SDCC and NYCC (you NERDS know what I'm talking about)?  Check.  All this and a bag of goodies.  From current toys to vintage boxed toys (damn I want that near mint in original box Optimus Prime) to toys you didn't even know you wanted...Toy Shack has them!I could spend hours in this place...and even longer if those guys would let me play with the toys!  Like a kid in a candy store I tell you!  The guys at the Toy Shack know their shizz so don't hesitate to ask away with any questions.  They are helpful but will stay out of your way for the most part to let you enjoy the ride back to your childhood.  But wow, will they smack you back to reality when you go to purchase!  That Millennium Falcon that was $49.99 from Sears when you were a kid?  BAM!  Now $300.  Those Karate Kid figures from Toys R Us for $7.99?  OOF!  Now $70.  That limited Marvel Mini Muggs Avengers 5-pack with Giant Man from the 2011 SDCC for $34.99?  KAPOW!  Now $100.  My friends, poor may be your new middle name.  Of course, markup is inevitable because some of this glorious swag is uber hard to find.  I love to peruse at the Toy Shack but I have not succumbed to making my first purchase there as of yet.  I get the feeling once I do I may have a hard time stopping!  So I will go here to get the sights and smells of what I miss so much...and go back to Ebay to auction snipe and pray for a slight discount on shipping.  HA HA!But seriously...go check out the Toy Shack!  Don't tell them I sent you because they want customers to keep the lights on...not window shoppers like me and 50 Cent!
4	What a great find on Fremont Street! I came by this place while entertaining relatives over New Years. My son is 3 and we as a family, help him collect Disney Cars cars. I'm talking like hard to find, Stealth Mater, DJ, Wingo, Boost, Rip Clutchgonesky, hella cool guys. I was pleased to learn that if you buy a bunch, they will make a deal with you. My husband and I went in at different times. His first visit was an hour before mine. He walked out having $80 less in his pocket, but had 17 cars with him. Including the hard to find Mike & Sully, and Buzz & Woody cars, YES! I ended up paying $40 for a bunch of the little pitty "guido" guys plus a Mater we didn't have. I had gone to a collectible store last week and paid $12 for ONE pitty. I was kicking myself. It was the store in the Galleria Mall upstairs by Dillard's. Don't go there. Toy Shack has other things and just by going in to the place it makes you happy to reminisce about your childhood. Even if you aren't in the market for toys, it's a great little store and you will walk out with a smile on your face.
4	I am happy I found this store! I love the selection of different toys from my childhood. I can't wait to come back the next time I am in town!! We got a cabbage patch kid from here and are very happy with our purchase. I hope next time we go in there will be more cabbage patch kids!!
4	I have been here now a few times and love this place.Its nice that Fremont Street has some new places to wander through.My son is really into the movie Cars & all the cars that are in it. Of course many are hard to find but they seem to be able to find them here.Its a great store. I hope it is around for awhile. I know I will be back again soon.
5	Amazing toy shop but must be a die hard fan for finding old time toys. They had Thunder Cats, Voltron & more. Pretty damn cool.
2	I find it shocking that people give this place such high ratings.  I've been here twice and both times I have been literally HORRIFIED by the prices.  As a toy collector's wife, we pretty much have many of the items you can find here and we certainly paid nowhere near what they are charging.  I get that these types of toy stores are going to mark up their product to pay their rent as we have several in San Diego.  I've been to many of these private toy stores and this one is by far the most expensive I've ever been to.  The pleasure in this store is looking at the toys as if you were in a museum sort of setting.  They you can enjoy the products without feeling the need to overpay.  Then go home, jump on eBay and get the same item for at least half the price. Voila!I'm giving two stars just for all of the great items in the store that are fun to look at.
5	After eating at heart attack grill, I came here to check out the transformers, it was a pretty awesome store, I wish the dude from pawn stars was there, overall classic toy shop may the force be with you
4	Figured I'd check this out after seeing the dude who runs it on Pawn Stars a few times. Plus, I am a big toy nerd and all...The location is down on Fremont street, so you have all the scumbaggery of that venerable spot to wade through before getting to the front door here. The store is well-organized, with a good majority of the toys broken down by their respective categories. When I first walked in, it seemed as though there was such an overwhelming amount of product that I'd be holding myself back from dropping serious cash. After a trip or two around the floor, though, I realized they don't really have a lot of the rare, old-school items I was looking for. A lot of what they stocked was old - to one degree or another - but many of the toys they stocked were likely still sitting here for a reason: they aren't desirable. The primo cream of the crop items were mostly on shelves high above the bulk of their inventory. And even then, I didn't see many that stopped me in my tracks. Johnny, the guy from Pawn Stars, was actually working in the store that day. Gotta say, not that I expected him to be a TV diva or anything, but he was very gracious to everyone that stopped him for pictures or to talk, and he even made the rounds and asked shoppers if he could help them find anything. Small efforts like that proved he's really passionate about his store and toys in general. I wound up leaving with some old '90s Godzilla toy, which was priced at a reasonable $10. You can find some good deals in here, but without the extensive inventory that most older toy shops sport you might not find many items that can't be had for less online.
5	We went twice while we were in vegas. First day to take it all in and the second to make our purchases. The staff both days was great, friendly and knowledgeable. They took the time to point things out in our price range and didn't push a sale and let us take our time looking. So we bought several things and felt great trying to pack it home.Shipping policy was covered with us so I think for special treats for our kids we'll call them first.
5	So great - new stuff coming in all the time!  As a Treky, I'll be back a lot!
1	If you want to come and look at the toys like a museum, then it's cool but whether you are buying or selling at this establishment, be prepared to be ripped off.  Merchandise is way over priced and when you sell items to them, they rip you off royally.  It would be better to go elsewhere and shop at other independent toy stores.  Just because an owner got famous on PawnStars does not mean he runs a great business.  Yes they have a wide selection but their customer service is lacking (except for Dean ?-a new hire I think) and obcenely overpriced.  I will not recommend this place to anyone.  Would rather deal with ebay or other stores.
5	This place is great i went on vacation to Vegas and every time I go I need to stop here. I picked up a deadshot figure from arkham city and it was double the price but the lady there gave me a bomb deal she sold it to me for 20 instead of 40 they were asking. It's a little pricey but its so easy to negotiate because on amazon they have fair prices so show them the website and item
5	We just did our first phone order with them. It was very easy. The young lady helped immensely and was knowledgeable about toys for a 4 year old. Shipping was VERY reasonable and we will be ordering more from them. This is how toy stores used to be when I was kid.
5	Surprisingly ended up being a highlight of our trip as Johnny was there.  He was super nice and even appraised a toy for me free and sat and talked for several minutes.  Genuinely nice guy and now a fan for sure.
1	I live in Hawaii.  Each time I visit Vegas I stop by the Toy Shack and purchase a cool gift for my son.  On this last trip I purchased the USS Carl Flagg for $2,000 cash on Friday, Sept 6th.  As of today 9/15/13 no one has called me to confirm if my purchase has been shipped.  So I called the store and was told that my $2,000 purchase is still on display.  It hasn't even been disassembled in the last 9 days....NINE days.  Let alone SHIPPED!!!!  I regret buying from The Toy Shack, and I am truly amazed at their lack of service.   I will never shop there again, and at this point I may hire an attorney to obtain my property and  file a claim with the consumer affairs office of Nevada/Las Vegas.
1	Today is 9/22/13.  Bought a USS Carl Flagg for $2k.  To date no one has contacted me about when i can expect my purchase to arrive.  I bought this for my son in-person on 9/6/13.  A complete lack of customer service from this company.
1	I have left 2 reviews on Yelp via my iphone 5 and none have been posted.To date i have emailed The Toy Shack and called and never received a call or email regarding my $2000 cash purchase on 9/6/13 of the USS Carl Flagg Gi Joe aircraft carrier.  It has been almost 1 month and no communication from this business at all.  Totally amateur on their part.
5	Toys!!! Toys!!! and more toys!!!! This place is so cool!!!! It takes you back to your childhood for sure.  From the Speak & Spell, trolls, and smurfs what more could you ask for! There is plenty for the guys too! Star Wars Galore, Hot wheels & Car Models, and plenty of various figurines! The prices are priced well and from time to time there is a sale.  This place was featured on Pawn Stars so if you got the time local on non local stop in and get that 80's, 90's feelings back or of course there is something for the New Century babies as well!
2	I don't know where to start about this place. Friggin "Jonny" needs to be around more. I know this much, after Kim got off the phone with me, I felt that she was trying to blow me off to get back to customers. I could name some more cons about that place but it would be like trying to beat a dead horse. When it comes to prices, stay away from this place like the plague. I'm dead serious.
5	Found my new to me garfeild and friends franklin mint collectible! Thanks to Devin and ownerJonny for the great "experience "!
1	Back in September 2011 (note the date), I brought in two of my classic Star Wars Luke Skywalkers (the 1980's line) into the store to see if they could restore the paint jobs on them.  In addition to being my favorite character from that line, these Luke figures were childhood toys from my parents (long since deceased), so the sentimental value was very high.  Also included was a Ghostbusters figure that I bought from the store when they opened.  They said they could repaint/restore them in just a few weeks.Weeks pass.  They assure me that everything is fine, but they have a backlog, and it's taking a while.  So I wait.  Weeks turn into months.2012 comes about.  I go in, and it's always some excuse as to why they're not done.  More weeks/months pass.  I asked for my figures back, but they "Set them aside", and will get them back to me.  More weeks and months pass.2013 comes about.  I think it's understandable at this point that I simply want my figures back.  I call and get ahold of one of the original employees.  After checking around, he tells me in an upset tone that my figures have been lost.  He apologizes profusely, and says he will set this right with me and find my figures.  A few days later, I find that he has been released/fired from the business.Following up on the "lost" news after an already year-plus of these items being MIA, I raise Hell with the manager/owner.  He tells me he will set it right, but still by and large more excuses.  A few weeks later, he eventually does produce two Luke Skywalkers.  The correct figures in terms of what was missing, but the paint jobs and "play" damage are different.  The "Empire Strikes Back" Luke now suddenly had brown hair instead of yellow, among new dings and scuffs on both.  Not because they were restored, but these were simply other figures, and not MY original figures that I brought in back in 2011.  Instead of saying that he lost them, or admitting that these are replacement figures, he has the audacity to try to pass off the new figures as if they were my original childhood toys.  Keep in mind there's no accounting for what happened to the Ghostbusters figure that was included with them.  Peter Venkman is long out of the scene at this point.After blatantly lying to my face and failing to convince me that these new beat up figures he had tried to pass off weren't mine, he promises that they'll look again to find my original figures (now admitting that they weren't).  To put this into perspective: These toys had been in my possession for three decades.  That's 30 years.  I knew every ding and paint scuff, and how I had personally put them there.  I suppose there was some desperate hope that I had contracted a severe bout of insanity/stupidity over the last two years that would render me unable to recognize my original property.  Not the case, and given the new/changed scuffs, if that's their idea of "restoring" an item, that process needs to be reevaluated.I did hear from follow-up visits with other employees that the manager felt he had done enough by giving me two of the three replacement figures back, and he didn't feel like doing anything further.As of January 2014, I've no idea if those toys were thrown away, sold to other customers, or are sitting in a box somewhere.  The whereabouts of these three figures remain unknown.I think it is a reasonably safe bet to guess that I will never do business with this location or the manager again.
4	This place was awesome. They had tons of older toys and at fairly reasonable prices. This doesn't mean they're the cheapest, but it certainly wasn't "boutique" pricing or reflective of their status of being on PawnStars.Star Wars, Hot Wheels, pretty much everything, they had something for everyone.The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. You could see the passion they had for their business.Location is a bit awkward, being at one end of Freemont (and a little bit around the corner).
1	Do not waste your time trying to sell them anything. For example, they offered me $4 for the same thing they were selling for $54.99. Then johnny will tell you about his $15,000./month rent. It looks like he's not hurting in the feeding his face department. He got really fat!
3	Great selection of toys that are all nicely displayed. I just use this place for research purposes because while the selection is great, the prices are outrageously expensive. Even the haggle prices are ridiculous. So I just walk in there, see what I want then go outside and buy the same exact thing on my phone's eBay app for less than half the price. They're also milking this Pawn Star thing to death which might explain their exorbitant prices. Half of the crap you saw on the show aren't even for sale or cost 100 times what they're worth. They also blast Pawn Star episodes on loop inside the store which gets annoying quick. This is definitely a been there, done that, never again type of place.
5	My husband and I recently visited this store with our infant daughter.  I cannot emphasize enough how much we enjoyed our experience.  The two young ladies that were working that day were very friendly and both were impressively good with our 11 month old baby.  We also found the owner, Johnny, very pleasant and helpful.  The store was filled with both new and vintage toys.  It was a lot of fun seeing a lot of the toys we grew up with and knowing they were available for our daughter to enjoy should she so desire.  While we browsed, the employees continually enhanced the experience by answering questions, chatting and joking with us.  However, the thing that made this experience so unforgettable was how they related to our daughter.  She wasn't in the best of moods when we first entered the store, but after a few minutes of interacting with the staff she was smiling and laughing again.  They visited with her multiple times and each time made her smile.  As if that weren't enough, as we were leaving one of the staff members gave her a teddy bear to take home.  She was thrilled with it and hasn't let go of it since.  I can't express how touching this was to us and how much we enjoyed our experience here.
3	Found two figures I really wanted but the price tag on them was a bit steep. The employee offered me both for a lower price since one did have a damaged package so I did agree to the new price since it was almost knocked down to a BOGO. They hid the damage VERY WELL though. It wasn't until I got home that I noticed one was taped together at the bottom. It wasn't just a slightly damaged box like I had thought... the packaging was previously opened and the figure had previously been manhandled. I believe an accessory was also missing. While annoyed, I did overlook it all and figured I'd just display it anyway, out of the package (I wasn't looking to re-sell or anything) and I did basically get it for much less than the original asking price so.. no biggie.. UNTIL the hand fell off and it looked as if someone had previously tried to 'fix' it with glue. I ended up having to get rid of the figure all together and later found a new one elsewhere for a slightly decreased price and in great condition.I did go back months later just to browse. Again, high prices, tons to look at, yes, but really nothing worth buying. Any collector could find their desired items through other sellers, ebay, amazon, etc. This visit, I walked out with only a comic book I was sending to a friend. It was actually a fair price for being a 16 year old comic book that was in very nice condition, boarded, and bagged. The employee was friendly and helpful too. I really don't know how to rate this store. I know it's a tourist area which automatically means a higher price so I get it.. I do. The store does carry a wide selection (but you may have to really search if you are looking for certain things in particular). The staff is friendly when they set their focus to you. But... that original first purchase of my figures (with the well hidden damage) still leaves me holding a slight grudge.
4	Holy Action Figures Batman!I wondered into this place after multiple drinks with my family around Fremont Street, and was so glad I did. This is Mecca for Toy Collectors of all ages and walks of life. The Toy Shack has everything from metal formed toys from the 50's that could have most likely killed you, 80's retro items that are very radical and of course more modern stuff like Adventure Time, Futurama and Batman action figures.The prices here can be a little steep, but they are willing to negotiate price with you on most products. I bought a Stay Puft Marshmallow Man and a Slimer figurine circa 1984 and was able to get $10 off for buying them together. They also held my stuff behind counter for me so I didn't have to be that guy "In Da Club" carrying around my toys. Although I wasn't able to get back to the store the next day to pick-up my stuff, Toy Shack offered to ship the items to my house. Gotta love that amazing customer service... going above and beyond. Trust me, go in and take a look. It's worth the trip down nostalgia lane.
4	HUGE selection of every toy from every era you can imagine!The guys working are super cool, very nice, we chatted a while.My son and I had a blast checking out all the toys.I was surprised how fair the prices are, tons of matchbox cars starting at 99 cents, verything else on par with regular store retail prices, hidden behind the food court at the beginning of Freemont Street, a great stop with kids or for the kid in you!
2	I don't like leaving low ratings for stores but it seems that the Toy Shack is more a labor of love for the owners vs. a good, functional, vintage toy shop.Pros: it exists.  Normally, vintage toys are things you already own from your childhood, or find in a yardsale.  You have to respect that they put together a whole store based on toys which are not produced any more.  In that sense, it's like an antique store, which you can not expect to have a consistent stock of product, but they do.Cons: Prices are high and the employees seem a little crazy.  I went in the middle of the week and there was not a lot of traffic in the area.  There were only a few people in the store.  There was one employee, who was manning both the phones and the register.  I hung around for 20 minutes and as far as I could tell, nobody bought anything.It seems to me that people who are into vintage toys might be a crazy bunch (a generalization you could also make about AD&D players, 'cat people', and furries). The employee in the store was having a very loud conversation on the phone with a potential customer who would not leave him alone.  Then he proceeded to tell all of us that he is constantly getting phone calls from crazy people who won't let him get off the phone to deal with the customers in the store, and they leave poor online reviews because he won't talk to them for hours on end.The employee proceeded to have a conversation with another customer about how they both experience frequent seizures.I asked about some Nintendo Game-N-Watch games which were severely overpriced (some were labelled with prices and some were not, but they were all locked in a glass case so I had to ask for help).They really didn't have much in the way of video games, mostly 1990's figures etc.  They had some older stuff, but it was all locked in glass cases and there wasn't much of it.All in all, I didn't find the store very interesting.  I guess the owner probably has a lot of older toys and a lot of information/experience in the vintage toy market, but that just doesn't translate into a useful/interesting/fun store.I feel like this store could be a lot better, but needs a little help or a makeover or something...
1	I agree with another reviewer that this Toy shop is more like a "labor of love" - like a personal collection in a store? Everything was over priced and much smaller than I thought - I really wanted to visit this store after watching Johnny on Pawn Stars, and being a huge toy fan. So I dragged my family through downtown, fought the heat and finally found this small hidden store- At first sight I was excited for my 12 year old girl to see all the old school toys I once played with, it was a Sunday so I didn't see Johnny there- no big deal, but no one even talked to me or acknowledged us-BUT, what really tweaked me was there was a TV on with a DVD of a comedian that was cussing, dropping F bombs and talking about masturbating with the volume really loud???? So I quickly whisked my little girl away and walked to the other side of the store- I didn't get to say anything to the only employee there who was clueless and talking away with his buddy! So I gathered my family and left!! Johnny I'm super disappointed in the fact that a TOY STORE should NOT have a DVD playing like that!!!  I don't care if it's Vegas, it's inappropriate!!! PARENTS- be aware, apparently this store is for 30+ year old nerds - not childrenSorry Johnny, I'm sure your a great guy- just letting you know how we felt about our first and last time at your store -
4	Great selection of nostalgic toys and collectable items. Very convenient to Fremont area hotels and worth the walk to check it out.  Something for any collector especially if looking for older toys or something to show your kids. Lots of do not touch signs due to shelf arrangements so watch the kids if you being then with you. Near the Dennys and Walgreens.
3	I love Pawn Stars and when I first saw there was an awesome toy store in Vegas, I had to go.  Took me a while but I finally came here with my bf.Price is crazy and somewhat fair but all my childhood toys are now hard to find and are probably displayed somewhere in a museum. =[ I'm old.  I didn't see anything I would actually buy except for the Power Rangers toys.  It takes a while to look at everything at the store.  It is a wonder to see all those toys that you don't remember missing.  Worth a trip to see the store.  It's also an added bonus that it's on Fremont Street.
2	It was fun to roam around the store laughing at toys from my childhood - along with the prices they were selling for. I'm not that old, so I don't really agree that the toys I played with when I was a kid should be sold as antiques. Lol.To be honest, the place felt like it was some kid's wet dream idea of storing all of their toys. A place where other kids who aren't so lucky to have the toys he has, can "Ooooh...", "Aaaah...", & "You're so lucky!" over his collection, er, I mean stock. You remember that kid from school. The one with the cool new lunch box... The one that would bring his fancy new White Power Ranger in for show and tell even though the teacher said toys were off limits... The kid that cried when someone (you?) broke the arm off of said White Power Ranger... Yeah, well that kid owns a toy store now and you can touch his toys, but only if you're willing to pay a lot of money.The store itself looks cool from the outside which is the only reason I went in. It was so cluttered inside & there are signs all over the place warning, reminding, (almost double-dog daring) you that to break something would result in you losing more money than you would in the casino just a few yards over. I felt the need to get out of there fast as there were toys stacked high and spilling on to the floor in some places. I didn't want to be on the hook for accidentally stepping on a $6,000 Kiss Matchbox car or something. :P
1	This place is a complete joke and I feel actually embarrassed for the employees and especially the owner. This place is entirely over priced and nowhere near reasonable asking or retail pricing.  Listen people.  Take my advice.  If you see anything you like in there then check it first on eBay.  You will find it for the 1/3 of the price this place is asking.  I wish nothing but the worst for this place because they care nothing for price gauging the consumer.
1	Also be sure to check out the reviews that are not recommended by yelp.  All say the same thing.
5	My eight year old son and I just left the Toy Shack and the experience exceeded our expectations! Devon was professional and passionate. He assisted us with intense knowledge of his products. And answered my son's 800+ questions about DC and Marvel action figures. It has been a high light of our trip to Vegas.
1	Thank God I live in Southern California and have access to Frank and Son. FAS makes me appreciate that there are people out there that take advantage of adults who want to relive their childhood. This place is a prime example of that con. You'll walk in here thinking you're in heaven and ready to buy up everything... Until you see the prices. You're going to tell me that out of package Star Wars or TMNT figures are worth the amount of money you're demanding? GTFO of here. Quite honestly come in here for a decent trip down memory lane, but keep your money in your wallet.
3	Almost missed this place. Looked and saw it. I knew it was on pawn stars, so i had to go. the sports card place is right next to it too. I went in, and saw all the toys i want to buy for my collection. Everything from Marx, Board games, Hot  wheels, and more. I than saw the prices.. Some were fair, but some were outrageous..... So i didn't get any toys for my collection, but i got to visit a place featured on pawn stars. So it was worth it. Overall, it was still toy heaven, and i if i go to vegas i will be back here..(Minus 2 stars for prices)
1	What's the point of having a toy shop, if you are not interested in selling any of them? Terrible service.  Went in looking for WWF LJN wrestlers from the 80s.  The guy working seemed very disinterested in helping me.  He pointed me to where they were located and said "They are around 35 bucks. Depends"  I thought, great so "You don't want to help me out?"  I only went into the store at the recommendation of the owner of Rogue Toys (A MUCH BETTER SHOP!). located a few blocks south of this place. Wish I saved time and skipped this place. May have a big selection, but seems to be "Look Only."    The prices are ridiculously high.  You can go and check out the items, but save your self the hassle of high prices and just buy from Ebay.  Going inside felt more like a museum than a shop wanting to sell me goods.
5	Stumbled on this place by accident and recognized it from pawn stars. Johnny was in and was really nice. He allowed me to take a photo with him. Now for the prices, I am a little confused. The open and semi broken Ryoko figure was priced at $36 - 30%=$25.6  but an unopened one in mint condition on ebay is around $10? I don't get this business model, just saying. Some things were cheaply priced though.
1	Hours say they are open, I am here and they are closed... came from Philly with some $$$, lost sales.
