1	My husband wanted to try the beef.... it was awful. Tasted like what might be [soft rubbery] vegan meat? Wont be going there again. The place was clean, staff nice, food was awful. Only thing i liked about the food was piping hot french fries.
5	First time eating here & it was great! Friendly staff & good customer service! I had the gyro chicken with fries & a drink for only $8.99! Definitely a bang for a few bucks! Would definitely recommend my friends and family about this place for first timers or lovers of middle eastern food! Need it come back soon again!!
5	I did not know  what Shawarma was, but now I am a big fan. The Greek salad with Beef was awesome! I already ate there a second time and had the Beef Shawarma sandwich, again awesome. The food is very fresh. This is not fast food, this is good, healthy food fast. Cannot wait to try the baked chicken and rice.
3	Have eaten here a few times and both times the fries have been raw. Need to learn how to cook fries from raw or just buy frozen! Other than the fries the beef shawarma is awesome!! Next time will skip the fries and grab some tabbouleh instead. Staff is extremely friendly.
1	Booh! The shawarma was not anywhere close to good. I had the beef shawarma and the meat was dry and rubbery, it wasn't even shaved off, it was already pre-cut and cooked on a grill, not like the real shawarma meat that is slow cooked at all. I spent $10 on lunch with drink  and some oily fries, i ate 1/4 of it then threw it away... what a waste... oh well you gotta try it so you know. At least now i know...
3	This place has potential, a nice open seating area, classic arcade games (Star Wars, Mrs. Pacman), and a very friendly owner (I think).  The food looks good and next time I will try something other than the gyro plate. Ok, time out, this "greek" restaurant decided to americanize the name of things such as "grape leaves" instead of dolmades and lasagna instead of Pastitsio.  Not sure if it is so people know what things are called or because they make it different.   The plate lunches come with hummus, pita, gyro meat, and salad type fixins for the gyro plus either fries or a salad.  Not bad for 11 dollars and change.  The food was very filling.  I was disappointed with the gyro meat.  Although they shaved it off the rotisserie machine, it was actually quite dry and crunchy.It also didn't have a lot of flavor especially on the lamb end of things.  The sauce was decent but lacking in the minty flavor I'm used to.  The pita is a very thin pita rather than thick ones associated with american gyros.  I prefer it that way.Hopefully, they will get the message and find a way to get their meat a bit more flavorful and moister.  Still, If you are in the area, it is nice to have choices now.
5	We came here today on a lunch break.  Everything was perfect.Being a pregnant woman, I am very conscious of what I eat.  Everything they had was fresh and satisfying.  I had a beef shawarma and some mixed veggies.  The meat was so tender and delicious.  The pita was fresh and fillings were flavorful.  My dining partner had a platter with rice, chicken, and veggies.  I've never seen anybody polish their plate off so quickly!   Of course we had to have baklava for dessert!!!  We loved it all!The atmosphere is great.  I love all of the staff.  It's so nice to walk into a place and automatically feel like you are family.  Counters, tables, floors, and facilities were so clean.  They had a few arcade games that I'm sure my little one would love to fiddle with.  Oh, and most importantly- they have WI-FI!We will definitely be returning.
5	Tried this new place today with my husband, plus it's just around the corner where we live... The food are soOO good specially the Baklava! (I'm a very big fan of baklava & very choosy).. It's as close to authentic mediterranian food as it gets! Very light & yet very very tasty...The owner is very friendly too & very hands-on with everything...
5	I drive passed this place everyday. It used to be called something like Meat Chicks & Wieners, which might be the worst name for a restaurant ever! I was happy when it went out of business, because I was hoping something good would replace it, since it's sooo close to my house. I was very happy to drive by and see Shawarma Plus was replacing it. I am usually a fan of anything Mediterranean, but I did not expect it to be this good. It has been open roughly a month and I probably been there 10 times. It's beginning to be a routine and is definitely a go to for quick and delicious food that never disappoints. I wish I could give them 6 stars. The owner works the counter himself and seems to be a very good hardworking guy. It's local small businesses like this that put a smile on my face. I wish them great success and I'll be happy to be a regular. Oh and try the baklava, seriously!
5	My husband  and I were so hungry, noticed a new place open on sunset and  Decatur , every thing looked so good it was hard  for us to choose what to eat , then we ended up eating Beef Shawarma sandwich  , plate of mixed vegetables and we ended our meal with kenafeh .Our sandwich was out of this world , so tasty the veggie plate was awesome  and the desert was fantastic.It was not just great food, their service and hospitality was exceptional as well. We will  definitely be back soon to try other item from the great menus they have.
5	I was planning on going to a different place across the street when I spotted Shawarma Plus.  I am so glad I got detoured because this place is great.  My husband and I both got the entrees special and everything we had was fantastic.  We had Baked Rosemary Chicken, Meatballs, Potatoes, Beef Kebab, Veggies, Salad and Rice.  It's pretty healthy too which I appreciate.  We will definitely be making this a regular go to.
3	Their chicken shawarma is actually pretty good... I've been looking for good shawarma for a while and finally found it! Their garlic sauce adds great flavor and creaminess to each bite. I ordered a chicken shawarma (sandwich/wrap only) without pickles and wrapped with a pretty thin pita, which I love for a low carb meal, then the whole thing is grilled for a nice outer crisp texture. So, You got a wrap with texture, creamy garlic flavor, crunch from the lettuce, with fresh tomatoes, and chicken roasted on a spit. That's all you need for a great bite to eat. O and friendly courteous service!
5	Food was good. Staff was friendly. Wasn't sure what Shwarma was when I walked in but I found out it's kind of like a Gyro with slightly different toppings. I would eat here again.
5	I am an avid fan of Mediterrenean Cuisine... I love it so much I actually learned how to cook it.  Now I am Asian with an authentic flair for Middle Eastern food.  I have over the years eaten in several Mediterrenean restaurants nationwide.  But none compares so far to Shawarma Plus.  Their food is excellent.  The spices are just perfect and they have a killer bahklava that will definitely put others to shame.  I kid you not their food is extremely good, very healthy and very tasty.  The first time I went I bought a whole bunch of sides to take home like tabuleh, grape leaves, hummus and of course the bahklava. A couple of days after I brought my kids who were visiting from the bay area and they thoroghly enjoyed the food as well.  I rarely write reviews but this is one I am doing because I feel that Shawarma Plus is a great addition to the Las Vegas Restaurant scene... Oh and the price is right ... enjoy!Kate RectoWest Las Vegas
4	I love Greek food! This place is not as great as the Mad Greek, but pretty good. I went here for dinner and everyone seemed friendly and when I had questions, knew the answers.The food was good and I will definitely go back!
4	I stopped in here on a whim, assuming it was a kabob place, like Flame Kabob.  Oh boy  was I wrong!It had a buffet of food to choose from, and ALL of it looked amazing.  Super clean, lots of bright, airy seating...the man behind the counter was super friendly, and I chose moussaka and chicken with rice for my two-entree platter.  He gave me veggies in addition.  I was intending to save half for lunch tomorrow, but it was so completely amazing,  I ended up eating the whole thing!Highly recommend!!!
5	First time here and I tried shawarma beef sandwich. It was soo good! The bread was thick and also it comes with either fries or soda! Pretty worth it and the owners nice. He gave is free food since they're closing soon. Would definitely come back again for the shawarma! :-)
5	This is my second visit to this incredible establishment.  I live down the road and stopped in one night when I didnt have enough time to cook. The chicken schawarma plate was fresh. .well seasoned and well balanced. I came in today and met the owner....he was incredibly personable and reviewed all my options with me. I went for the gyro w fries and some baklava.  Aside from my wife's version...probably one of the best in town. The gyro was good, a few too many outer pieces but nicely seasoned and doused in a great sauce. The fries as always were great, the seasoning on the outside really jazz them up, I just forgot to orelder the awesome garlic sauce I used when I had the plate....next time
4	All in all pretty good, I had the lamb platter and everything on it was freshly made and tasty. Bread was a little thin but it was late in the day Sunday so that just might have been my bad luck. Will def be back to try the fresh baklava I saw coming out of the kitchen.
5	Super nice people, comfortable dining room and delicious food. You can't go wrong. Shawarma is delicious as are their fries
4	Food was great! Place was clean! And service was fast and the owner was incredibly gracious and friendly!
1	Chicken was extremely dry. Food was not fresh. Baklava tasted like soap and I had really bad stomach ache.
2	Mediocre food, I had the chicken shawarma plate with falafel on the side. The chicken was probably the best part, the falafel was not very good (I'm kinda picky about my falafel) the hummus wasn't good, and it came with soggy fries. Also, I ordered it to go and when I got home they had forgotten my pita bread. There's better Mediterranean food in town, I won't be returning here.
5	Great food and wonderful service. Lots of good options and very good portions and not prucy. Love it been there few times and planning on many more
5	I just got back from having lunch at Shawarma Plus and it is a winner.  I had the vegetarian plate because it has all the middle eastern goodies I love: Hummus, Baba Ganouche, grape leaves (Dolmatas to the Greeks), wonderfully thin naan bread (like a pita but lighter) flavorful tabouli, and falafel.  I look forward to going back to try the 2 hot dishes with salad or rice for $8.99.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  I think that those that wrote less than stellar reviews are the competition!  This is not your street side gyro stand, far from it.  The name should clue you in that it encompasses many dishes from the middle east not just Greece!
4	This place is really quite good!  Shawarma's there are great.  They have much thinner bread for their pitas, kind of a nice change of pace from what we usually find around here.  Falafel is also good.  This is a good place for a quick lunch stop, definitely better than any fast food you'll find.
4	Nice spot to grab a quick gyro or plate.  Their beef and lamb shawarma is excellent. There aren't many places that serve it this way, so it's good to know that there is one that isn't as far away from me as the others are.  I would definitely recommend this spot if you love some quick Mediterranean food.  Only downside was that they had a pretty small menu. I'll be back!
4	The tilapia was very fresh and moist. The Greek salad was very fresh and delicious.  Great dressing. Lots of flavor and the lettuce was very crisp. The olives very a bit tart but compliments the feta cheese quite nicely. Overall definitely a repeat.  The fresh brewed rose tea was the best. You could really taste a difference n
3	Very good. A little pricy at $17 for my meal - I got a Greek salad- with no protein an side dish of tabouli and dolomas... Great homemade rose water sweet tea! Very refreshing. I will be coming back. Everything seems to be made in house!
3	I ordered the beef schwarma and was happy with my choice. The beer was extremely tender and flavorful and the pita wrap was soft and warm all in all it was very good! Also It was recommended that I get the house made rose water iced tea it was very good although it was warm so it melted all the ice in my cup and watered down and diluted the mellow flavor of the tea.
1	I was so disappointed with this place. We walked in and I wasn't very impressed by the food selection.  The lady working pointed out two pieces of meat sitting in juice and told me how great it was.  I asked if they could make me a shish kabob and she told me in order to make this they have to know 2 days in advance?? I was starving and tried the mystery meat which was absolutely disgusting.  And cold! Never again. They tried to soften things by loading the plate with extra potatoes.
3	I had shawarma chicken roll, it was good but no much flavor.
4	I just had the chicken moussaka and the eggplant with beef and decided to have a side of roasted vegetables. It was all yummy.  Great to have choices that aren't so carb heavy.  Loved the roasted vegetables and I love anything with eggplant.  I'm coming back to this place.See you soon!
4	I drive by this place almost everyday, today was the first day they were own on a Sunday so I decided to stop in. The owner greeted me and was very friendly. With his help, I decided to give their specialty a shot.  The beef and lamb shawarma was tasty. I never had anything like that before. Their taziki sauce was full of flavor yet not overpowering. It was busting with meat, and had a nice crunch from the veggies inside. I'll definitely be back to try their other home made specialties.
5	This place is absolutely incredible! The food here tastes like back home!!!! There is no place in Vegas that tastes as good and as authentic as this!  The service is great! We got treated like kings!     Everything there is fresh and homemade! The deserts are delicious!    The restaurant is fun and beautiful inside! If your in vegas do not go to any  middle eastern restaurants besides this one!
5	Shawarma plus is the best Mediterranean cuisine that I have ever been to! If you are in Las Vegas and are hungry and want something delicious check out shawarma plus! You will be so full.The prices are unbelievable you get so much for that price.It is really homemade FOOD!!!!!
5	This is unbelievable food and the service is wonderful!!!Definitely try this place out!!
5	The food was absolutely delicious here! I got the shawarma sandwich for lunch and I was surprised by how good it was... I was starving when I got here so I was super impressed with the quality of my sandwich (which by the way was very filling). Walking in you can tell the place was very clean and the atmosphere was a nice place to have lunch with a couple of my friends. Service is excellent. I've been to plenty of middle eastern/ Greek restaurants and shawarma plus is definitely at the top of my list!!!!
5	Went there for the first time last week and I'll definitely be back!! Everything is so fresh and delicious. I love the shawarma chicken and lamb.I'll be taking all my friends there. Even the environment is great.The store is vibrant and fun, I definitely recommend it.
4	The good:Chicken and beef shawarma plates.Excellent hummusThe bad:Stay away from the "buffet" items. Cold greasy and dry traditional Middle Eastern food.A little overpriced if comparing to Parsleys on Sunset.I have been here twice. First time I would give them 2 stars due to the fact I ordered the buffet items.  Second time here I ordered the shawarma plates and now give it 3.5 to 4 stars
5	Came in for lunch, they don't have anything on their menu that isn't wonderful!  Absolutely coming back regularly. Prices are reasonable.
5	Chicken shish kabob plate is delish! The chicken was really flavorful and cooked just right. Came with a nice salad, yellow rice, hummus, garlic sauce stuff, a grilled tomato and chili pepper (which I havent seen before at this type of restaurant. nice surprise since i love them!) and pita bread. (Warning: if you eat the garlic sauce you will have some killer breath. It really adds a nice flavor to the meal so its worth it but man i wished i had a toothbrush with me at the office!) The owner was very nice, the restaurant is clean and has some cool old school arcade games. Iced tea is so good!  I want to try the baklava but im on a diet so i guess thatll have to wait until cheat day.
5	Vegas Gets Lucky.. Some of the Best Food in town, Try the Burger w/ slaw
5	Had no plans on eating this late.. We were driving down Decatur on our way home when I saw the Shawarma Plus sign. Told my brother to make a U turn lol. We just came from a massage and my Mom had a very bad therapist and didn't even care for Mediterranean food at the time. She left the massage place stressed out. My poor Mommy, but her filet mignon beef kebab made up for it :) Naji (sp?) was awesome. He greeted us with such positive vibe. Gave us a history of how he evolved with the Filipino community.  The rest of us ordered chicken shawarma and some chicken moussaka. The Rose water Iced Tea was the highlight of my meal. Baklava was also good. We had a great experience and we will be back :)
5	In addition to the friendly service and impeccably clean seating, this Shawarma spot really knocked it out of the park when it comes to amazing grub! So, freakin' delicious and fresh! The garlic sauce predicted my breath for the remainder of the day but it was worth every piece of densely chewed gum. I had the chicken platter, the pita was the perfect blend of crisp and chewy and the chicken shawarma was out of this world!  The salad dressing was authentic and rose water tea was a perfect complement! Check it out!
4	I have always wanted too check Shawarma Plus Mediterranean Cuisine off my bookmark. I literally past by it just about every weekend off during my months of training going out to the Lake or Henderson. It located right off I-215 just off Decatur off ramp in small shopping mall. I always have my apprehensions about new places ones that hardly see any cars out front in the  parking lot. But I never judge a book by its cover alone. I love my greek/mediterranean food. My usually go spot little farther away from home so was hoping that found one just as good. Shawarma only down the road for me.  I only had the Shawarma Beef Sandwich on this visit. It was awesome! I was unsure whether to get the plate or sandwich. I came for lunch went with the sandwich, All the sandwich choices you can make combo with fries/soda for $2.99. The fries really nothing special but wanted drink so like combo me up. The sandwich itself nice size so really no need for fries. Just me. The sandwich had choice between beef or lamb went with the beef. The pita bread that grilled (the bread of the sandwich) that could eat by itself with some of the hummus (one things no doubt look forward too coming back trying or take some to go). You add the beef, Tahini Sauce, Tomato, Parsley, Pickles, Onions, Sumac. All these fresh ingredients. Eat bite taste the crunch of fresh pickles, nice slices of tomato, and the sauce brings it all together. It was one of the best pita bread roll up ever for me. The interior talk about kind of all over the place between the cartoonist logo, four arcades games spread out in the restaurant (pac-man good choice classic that never gets odd), couple widescreen up top can catch whatever spots game is on, and then have salad bar area (you can build your own salad; I saw lot of fresh great looking items choose from), hot area again you can build your own, great display of authentic greek dessert from the CLASSIC baklava and knafeh (I have no idea that this is but looked just as good as the baklava), and top it all grab-n-go area cold items like hummus to tabouleh can take home. Not in huge sizes so that nice cause just right amount not go to waste. I like that have options for everyone. They even have vegetarian dishes (not many restaurant have on there set menus).The service was fabulous! I was asking few questions since first time but he was really nice, friendly, and not asked for better service. The prices are reasonable. No doubt plan on added Shawarma to my regular lunch spots close to home!!!
5	Ate here a few weeks ago and have been meaning to go back since this place is so good! First of all the owner is a doll! I believe his name is Narij and we talked while they made my to-go order. He was so kind and you can tell he has a passion for his food. The food, by the way, is delicious!My husband and I loved our shawarma restaurant when we lived in San Diego.  We recently moved to Las Vegas and have been searching for a Shawarma place out here. This is by far the best in town! The chicken was seasoned perfectly and tasted delicious. I definitely recommend eating the chicken with their garlic dipping sauce- so yummy. The pita was hot and fresh and I loved the pickled veggies. I will gladly come back to eat their delicious food, but its also a business worth supporting because the owner clearly cares about great customer service and making a good product!
5	:-) love their shawarwa we eat there all the time the thini is really good and the lamp shawrwa rap is amazing and the price is fair too 5+ stars keep the good work and the good food
5	I just love this Mediterranean place. Food is absolutely delicious! Jut had shawarma with Greek salad and it was amazing! Can't wait to come back here next week :)
5	What a great surprise! The schwarma was as good as the best I had in Hong Kong, the fries yummy, the sweet iced tea is to die for, I bought another meal to take home for tomorrow (: everything fresh and tasty
1	This place was awful. The chicken is very dry and over seasoned, and the items in the food bar were overcooked. The worst part was the owner.   He tried to upsell us on everything, and when we refused we saw after we sat down that he charged us anyway! When we pointed out that he got our order wrong, he refused to do a refund and instead offered us free baklava which we had already turned down during his up selling shtick.
3	Up to expectations. The plate I ordered had meat that could have used more roasting, but flavor was good. Hummus was a little oily, but good. Nothing else really stood out, the tsiki sauce, pita, pickled veggies. The rice was pretty dry. It looked good and was plated nicely. Seemed to be pretty healthy but on the expensive side (for a plate). The rose iced tea was interesting. I don't think I'd crave anything that I had here.
5	Me and my boyfriend had lunch there on a Saturday.This place has a nice selection on menu. We don't eat meat, so we had veggie plates, soup and baklava for desert. We were practically impressed with the babaganush and hummus was also good. Everything was very fresh and prepared with care, made perfectly to bring back good memories and satisfy expectations.The owner, Naji, was very attentive and excessively kind, something that makes you want to visit again. It was our first time there and we will definitely be coming back.
4	Wanted to try this place. Heard good things. I ordered a gyro pita extra meat. It was delicious. The owner even gave me extra meat for free. The person I was with ordered a double kabob plate. One chicken and one steak. She did not care for the steak. I liked it. The experience over all was good.  The owner was very gracious. I will go back again.
5	Been looking for a really good Mediterranean place and we found it.  The owner who was super nice let us in even though they were closing and gave us such care in serving us. The gyro meat was so juicy and tender (most of the time it's dry at other places), hummus was great, and the tzaziki and garlic sauce was awesome.   We will be coming back again and again!!!
4	Real legit Greek and Lebanese food, fresh and clean, nice people too! Highly recommend this place and when in town in coming back!
5	This was a great experience for us. We had just finished moving and were starving. Narij was very helpful about explaining the menu and even offered me a small sample of grape leaves (try the rice ones!). I had the lamb moussaka which was a bit salty for my taste but perfect for my boyfriend so we swapped and I ate his lamb shawarma wrap. The flavors and aromas were scintillating, and I am a huge fan of the rosewater iced tea. (They have sweet and unsweetened. Both are equally good!) They also have a mini deli section that sells tsaziki, baba ghanoush, and pastries like baklava for a decent price (most items are about $3.99). This is a counter service place, but Najir was nice enough to bring our food to us. The decor is eclectic, but they have some classic arcade machines that made us super happy.
5	Amazingly friendly staff, delicious home style food, and family oriented. Planning on coming here time and time again! First time trying moussaka and it's now one of my favorites!
1	This has got to be a joke. The chicken shawarma has the texture of sawdust, the Kibbe tastes like mini corn dogs, and to get the combo is 2 extra dollars to add a drink. You read that correctly. It reminds me of chuckie cheese on the inside; bright neon colors, video games. All I could keep saying as I entered the door was,"Disco-disco" as the LED disco ball was making its rotations; all the while making zohan tag lines. I'm confident my insides are layered in a thick film of grease from the amazing minced beef inside the kibbeh. Friendly, but irritated staff made the experience all the more merry as Christmas music blazed from the speaker system. I'm a bit of a Connoisseur of arabic food and in my opinion, this place fell short of taste, flavor, and originality.
1	Chicken schwarma: dripping with sauce, chicken so dry it crumbles apart, definitely the worst part of the meal. According to the roommate it smelled like "a dogs a$$"Lamb gyro: mediocre at best. At least this one didn't require you to have a big gulp to assist in the chewing process. Kibbeh: not sure how long that was hanging around on the hot line, regret that one too. Dolmas (grape leaves) : best of the worst but really how hard are these to mess up? Came in around 8pm, ordered the above food from the woman at the counter, 10 minutes in and out. When we asked her if she would split the cost between two cards she said we don't want to but we will. That's always a killer thing to hear when you first visit a restaurant. She then proceeded to tell us it's because they charge them for each card, yes I know, if it had been separate orders you would still get charged for both. If this is the quality of food being put out an hour before closing you might as well close at 8.This place had bad customer service on top of bad food, I'm not even sure how everyone else is eating in the same restaurant. I'm still hoping Yelp will come up with some type of blackout button so that I would have the option to have this never show up in my searches again.
5	Really love this place, it has become a weekly lunch tradition with my wife and kids.  The folks working are always friendly and helpful.  Favorite so far is the chicken shawarma sandwich, nicely flavored chicken wrapped in pita with fresh veggies and garlic sauce.  Everything else we have tried here has been great as well.  Plus they have a Street Fighter Arcade game in the dining room!
4	Super clean and oh so yummy!Now that I work nearby I eat here almost every day. the food is great and the owner is so wonderful. I always get the Harissa for dessert. its a sweet little bite of heaven.The only reason a star was lost is because the french fires is always very greasy. other than that I love to eat there.
2	I work right up the street from Shawarma Plus, and was very excited to have a new lunch option when they opened. I have been in three times now for lunch, and I don't think I will be returning as I find the pricing too high for the flavor and quality of the food. On my first visit I got a combo platter for $8.99 as well as a side of tabouli salad for $3.99. The food was pretty good, especially the chicken with rice, which I found myself craving it a few weeks later...  Sadly, on my next visit the chicken was rather dry and the rice was very bland.On my most recent visit I had chicken skewers, which came with salad, rice and hummus. It was the special for the day, at $9.99. The chicken was not overcooked but the seasoning left much to be desired (I probably should have requested some garlic sauce for it). The hummus and tabouli were both just ok, I have had much better elsewhere. And the pita bread was a disappointment, there is no way was in made fresh in house. The iced tea made with rose water is delicious. If I do return, it will be for that. I would rather drive a little further and get Mediterranean cuisine  that is more to my liking than settle for subpar food.
5	What a pleasant experience!  The customer service was phenomenal and the food was mouthwatering! Great deals and great selection. I fell in love with the rose water tea! Definitely an amazing lunch spot!!
5	Great food! great service! The owner seems legitimately kind and very welcoming!
4	Hubs had a beef/lamb gyro. He eats Mediterranean for lunch about 2X per week and he said it was very good. I had a falafel sandwich. I give it a 3.5 I'm not sure if they are normally warm but I think it would have been better warm. We split an order of fries. Both of us were stuffed! Price was average for this kind of place. I looked online for a menu but the website wasn't very helpful. It's close to my house so I know we will go again.
5	My husband and I always pass by this restaurant and have always wanted to try it out.  Now that we have,  we absolutely LOVE it!!!  We ordered the beef/lamb shish kebab plate and the chicken shawarma and some baklava for dessert.  Everything was so delicious,  we would DEFINITELY  be back for more.Another plus was the owner was really nice and helpful with what to order.  He also gave us free samples of their soup.  He was SUPER nice. A++++
5	I love this place! The food is great, the prices are very good and the staff is super friendly and welcoming! In particular their shish kabob plate is delish; the plate comes with 2 skewers, rice, salad, hummos and pita bread. Their baba ganoush is also one of the best I ever tasted!
5	Awesome food and friendly staff. The owner is very kind and he and the girl taking our orders made sure that we got exactly what we wanted for lunch. Service was very fast and the place is really clean. I got the falafel plate and substituted fries for my salad. The falafels were amazing and fresh. My pita bread was fresh and the hummus was delicious! Even the fries were good, they were seasoned perfectly so I didn't even bother to ask for ketchup. I will definitely eat here again!
