5	UNDER CONTRUCTIONWhy would Palazzo, such a fancy fancy fancy FANCY hotel build a Walgreens in their hotel? This Walgreens sits on Las Vegas Blvd and is at the end of the Palazzo, closer to the Venetian. The red awning that says "WALGREENS" in cursive throws off the luxury of the Palazzo. I guess it's way convenient for their customers to get some booze, bandaids, lotions, cards, etc.
4	Maybe the most out of place store on the strip....Tiffany's, barney's, fabrege, walgreens??As much as I make fun of them, they are damn convenient. Even better, they're charge the same prices as the walgreens around the corner from your house. Easy way to stock up on snacks, water, soda, whatever without having to raid your hotels mini-bar at the inflated prices. I
4	I can't even begin to imagine how much money this store makes.  They have a prime location on the Strip, it's always busy, and it's super expensive.  My last visit to Vegas was 4th of July weekend and I was so sick I swear I thought I had the swine flu.  It eventually went away, but until I felt 100% this Walgreens was my relief.What if I hadn't gotten better? Never fear because they also have an in-store clinic that hopefully would have relieved my suffering.I doubt most of their sales come from selling medicines since the front is almost always swamped with tourists buying t-shirts and overpriced bottled water.  I'm not mad, though.  It's just business and they're doing it well.
4	This Walgreen's is incredibly convenient if you're staying on the strip in the Venetian, the Wynn, Treasure Island, or Mirage. It's located under the Canal Shops at the Palazzo and can serve any and all of your sundries needs. This is definitely the place to stock up on your needs for your weekend in Vegas so you don't have to pay a premium to buy them from the hotel when you need them. Sunscreen, bottled water (stay hydrated! It's a desert out there!), Advil... you name it, they've got it. Convenient and affordable. Good stuff.
4	So at The Palazzo, you have all these high end shops, and then you have Walgreens.  Worked for me!  I must've stopped by this location at least twice a day during my last trip there, mainly to stay hydrated in the 105 degree heat.  It's' so much cheaper than buying drinks and snacks in the hotels, especially in the middle of the Strip.  Stock up from here if you're in for 3 nights or more.
4	Yep, we got water here.This Walgreens is conveniently located between several hotel-casinos, including Treasure Island, Venetian, the Wynn, or the MGM Mirage. It's stocked as well as any Walgreens in a suburban area, and just as spacious. We stocked up on H2O, orange juice, and cranberry juice. (Uh, call us fruit juice enthusiasts.)You know you're in Vegas when you see a puddle of goo in an aisle, and you know exactly what it is. (Yes, I photographed it.)Anyone know if they carry liquor?
4	Nice and new Wags that offers pretty much everything that a responsible adult needs to pregame or recover while in Vegas, all with a prime location and decent prices. If I was a responsible adult, I would probably spend lots of cash at this place, but as it is I was able to get my necessary cough drops, cranberry juice, pop chips, and smartwater without having to pay in-casino store prices. Well done Wags, well done.
5	This particular Walgreens is located close to the Venetian & Palazzo. The customer service was excellent at this store in particular. This is also one of the newer Walgreens on the strip (as of 02/2010). They have all the essentials, water, snacks, hand sanitizers, tons of las Vegas knick knacks, AND a Take Care Clinic... who would have thought?? They even have a Cafe W island! I was in Heaven!
4	Four stars for being a godsend. I was so sick of paying $3-5 for a bottle of soda or water. I got my drinks, my snacks, a big Icee, and the $40 limit in cash back (take that, $4.99 ATM fees!), all right in my hotel. Lots of cheap souvenirs, which I might be back for. I can also see this being awesome if you didn't bring enough lotion to avoid skin lizardification from the desert and hotel showers, or maybe some Tums after a night at the buffet.
2	I was hoping for a wonderful Walgreens...due to its location.  But alas, all I got was a packed and overpriced store -- that was hard to navigate.  I could forgive the high prices -- due to its location -- but the layout (especially the check-out area) was not forgivable.  And since the Venetian next door was highway robbery to buy anything -- you would think that this place would try and be a lot lower with their prices.  Oh well.
4	I come here for my redbull fix.  They now sell 19oz redbulls.  It helps me get through the rest of the day.  Love it.  Can't wait until they start making the 40oz redubll.
5	This Walgreens was located right next to our hotel (The Venetian) so it was extremely convenient to buy snacks and water and anything else we might have forgotten to pack. They have A LOT of cashiers here.  Each time I made a purchase, I never had to wait more than 5 minutes to pay.  The store is also very big and you can find almost anything here.
4	Good selection of general merchandise, basic beauty products, and Vegas souvenirs. Good selection of food. Not so great selection of waters and other beverages. Does not sell alcohol. Has a photo developing desk for you to print out all of the drunken pictures you took last night.  Lines to check out were kind of deep but the cashiers were all smiling and laughing.
4	Best deal in bottled water on the strip.If you are staying at a resort near Treasure Island or Venetian, fast easy walk to Walgreens. It does get REAL busy real fast during peak times, but I did not wait around to long. Restocking on popular items did take a while and when the cold water ran out, the restock water was warm.But if you want to travel light and pick up stuff when you get to Vegas, head here.And unless you want to buy $1 bottle of water from the street guys or pay close to $4 at the hotels, head here for all your hydration needs.
5	AWESOME LOCATION to get BOTTLED WATER because I like staying at the Venetian or the Palazzo.Always beats paying $4 or more for a 20 oz. at the gift shop or the room. =)
5	Come on!  A Walgreens near the Palazzo....this is as good as it gets! We got a gallon of water for $1.99, beef jerky for $3.99, and chips for $1.99....and you better believe that I tip-toed around that minifridge  in our Palazzo suite because I refuse to pay more than $1 for a bottle of water.Fair warning: this place is crowded and a lil more expensive than your own local Walgreens but...it beats going to the gift shop and paying "Palazzo" prices. They also sell souvenirs, gift cards, condoms :), whole fruit, etc. Take a moment to stop in after checking in at the Palazzo and do some shopping.
4	Great place to go when you forget something. Way better prices than the hotel gift shop and only a short walk away.
4	It's nice to have this place close to Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian to load up on those essentials like snacks, water and sunscreen!Another plus - it's clean and new.
4	This is easily the nicest Walgreens I've ever been into. It's huge and great and there are tons of great Vegas trinkets.  Need a sexy lady shaped bottle opener? They have it.  Need a Vegas neckpillow for the plane trip home? Done.It was pretty packed in there, but the lines moved efficiently.  Way to go.
5	A very abridged version of a Walgreens, but you're in Vegas - so you are going to find something you need here.A souvenir section centers this whole store, so it makes searching for a greeting card for something other than birthday, Valentine's, anniversary, congratulations something hard.But still a painless and great place to go to while here...
5	This store is the platinum standard of a Walgreens store. Aside from the extremely high markup on everything, I still managed to walk out of here with some essentials (like water in gallons vs. bottles), travel-sized items and honey roasted almonds that didn't cost $10. The store boasts about 12 registers that seem to all be pretty busy. I'd stop here again for just about anything again when in Vegas.
4	This particular Walgreens was a godsend on my boyfriend and mine's trip to Las Vegas. It was within a very comfortable walking distance of where we stayed, the Imperial Palace. It was far nicer than any of the Walgreens I've encountered in Cincinnati, it was well lit, orderly, clean, and had well stocked shelves full of everything from trial sized toiletries, cheesy Vegas souvenirs, and snack items. Having originally sought the place out for band-aides and toothpaste we ended up making several more trips back for snacks and soda.      Although it was crowded at times, the lines moved fast and the people shopping there never seemed too crazy or too "touristy," perhaps this was due to the fact that they do not sell alcohol at this establishment.     Of course the items were marked up, but they weren't nearly as bad as they could be, and hey, this is Vegas, high prices are expected.     Overall, this is the most convenient drugstore around The Venetian, Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, Harrah's and Imperial Palace.
4	Oh thank the Lord and Baby Jesus for this store. When a fat kid like me forgets his toothbrush and deodorant before a business trip we are all in trouble...But Walgreens to the rescue! This is an actual Walgreen drug store, complete with pharmacy, makeup counter and such. They have everything you need without having to pick thru the 3 personal hygiene items they have at your hotel's "Gift" store.This Walgreens in situated as part of the front of the Venetian hotel, just around from the fountain. Well worth the walk from most anywhere on the strip...And a little secret; They have a HUGE Vegas gift and novelty selection...Most every Las Vegas themed item you would want, at half the price of that pesky gift shop...Trust me!
4	This has to be the highest grossing Walgreen's of all time! Located right on the Strip, in the Palazzo hotel- this is the place to "see and be seen" in Vegas. Picture this and compare to the Walgreen's you normally visit. At least 10 checkout lines going all hours of the day- plus more in the cosmetics and photography department. There is never a wait of more than a minute or two. A huge grocery section- perfect for picking up a snack or breakfast or water rather than paying the high hotel prices. Want a souvenir? There is an entire section of Vegas "stuff" that while pricey- costs less than other souvenir shops. Yeah- the prices are higher than your average Walgreen's. But for convenience, and fast service, this place is the place to be!
4	A great location with very good prices considering they are right on the strip in the corner of the venetian.  Stopped here for waters and gatorade and other incidentals during my last visit to the Venetian.  A+++Way to go Walgreens!
5	Best Walgreens I've been to ever. Conveniently located right outside the Venetian Hotel/Casino. This Walgreens carries shot glasses to :) the people who work here have a great appearance.
5	Ive never been inside such a crowded Walgreens before and its open 24 hours. How awesome is that. I think they need to step up their game in the alcohol beverage aisle though.
4	Dear Walgreens,You have come to the rescue plenty of times in a given Vegas trip. Lines can get long at night/right before everyone is about to get ready to go out, but the wait isn't too bad. I'm so glad that you're open 24 hours...makes my life/trip so much easier. What a happy camper :)   Thank you & I'll definitely come again.
5	This place has everything and anything you may need during a Vegas adventure. We journeyed here from Encore to get band-aids and water. The lines move quickly and the cashiers are very nice.
5	I am there at least twice a year and I go there everytime and the staff are really friendly thats what we need these!! KEEP IT UP!!!!!
3	So the fact that our hotel was across the street from this Walgreens made me pretty effing excited. You can always find what you need in Walgreens - especially stuff your forgot or didn't want to pack. So, it's super convenient, I'll give you that. Yes, the liquor is actually really damn cheap. We found a big bottle of gut-rot whiskey (baller on a budget, you know...) for around $19. They also sell fountain drinks - aka cups with ice so you can mix up your drankity drank. Bonus. But GOOD GOD the lines in this place are insane - any time of day. We were there during the week, and going to get a bottle of Aleve at 11 am was enough to make me want to stab someone with a tacky Vegas keychain. Matter of fact, the only time the line wasn't vomit-inducing was a 3am buying liquor. Haha I actually found that kind of funny.And the prices on everything EXCEPT the liquor almost knocked me on my ass. I don't know what I was expecting, truly I don't. But the idea of paying $14 for some Banana Boat SPF 8 is enough to make my skin crawl. BANANA BOAT! C'mon people. Also, don't be a drunk dumbass and assume there's a crosswalk on the street. There's not. You have to use the Palazzo bridge to the left of the entrance when you walk out. But I won't judge you I promise - I was that girl trying to Frogger my way across 10 lanes of Strip traffic because I thought there was one. Oops. Haha
1	Never shop in Walgreens, prices are absurd and they fired a man that should be promoted as a hero!http://abcnews.go.com/Business/fired-walgreens-gun-toting-michigan-pharmacist-filled-robbers/story?id=13705438
5	One of the few wal-greens i've been too where it was cracking.Everyone and their mothers are here for one thing. ALCOHOL. Who the hell spends hundreds of dollars to buy alcohol on the strip when you can buy a handle(s) and be boogee. I do.Customer service is very nice and pleasant might i add. However if you are on the run and you don't wanna spend $xxx.xx amount on the strip, be smart buy a case of beers, or a handle and your favorite chaser and get plastered in the most cost efficient way on the strip. I have no shame to walk around the strip with their 2 40's or some black henny and a coke. The more the merrier!
4	Across the street from the hotel I went to, so it was very convenient. There were a lot of selections of keychains, which you can buy for souvenirs. That's a plus. I liked how there were some interesting things in there that I have never seen before. They sell a bunch of useful things that we needed such as cup noodles, beverages, and travel sized pillows. Also, when we asked the worker, where the cup noodles were, she knew where exactly where it was and told is use isle 7. This to me shows that the workers know their stuff and so I think that's awesome! :) Only complaint is that the place gets pretty crowded and the lines get pretty long too. In general they have all the basic things any Walgreens would have.
4	Walgreens on the StripFor  the first time I got the joys of making a pharmacy trip in Vegas. After reading the Yelp! reviews, I've got to tell you, I was AFRAID. But after a night of caring for a husband with a nasty case of food poisoning, I figured I had to try. I made the short trek to the Walgreens just past the Venetian and found everything we needed. I figured the prices would be ridiculous since it was a Strip property, but I was pleasantly surprised. On top of that the personnel were friendly. Added bonus:  I was there at 6 am, and the Strip was gorgeous and relatively deserted. GREAT time for pretty casino pictures. I imagine the store gets crazy busy as the day wears on, so try to go early if you need to make the trip.
5	Life saver! My wife and I need sun tan lotion, water, and some meds for the our headache. Got them all at a reasonable price. Get your things here instead of a the shops in the casinos. It's way cheaper.
4	One night, I brought a small bottle of ice tea from a small food store on the Strip for over $3 and I thought that there must be a better way of purchasing these things.  The $2.50 bottled water from the vending machines also seem quite expensive.  Fortunately, in the clear light of the next morning, I saw this Walgreens just down the street near the Venetian.Visiting it, I was able to get twice the amount of Gatorade at less than the price required to buy just one small bottle of it at the nearby shops.  Bottled water was also relatively cheap too which came in handy as most hotels don't provide them for free.
5	THIS WALGREENS IS A LIFE SAVOR. Best ever. I love this place.
5	this is the walgreens you go to when you have absolutely no idea where to go to get whatever you need. It's the hang out place for all residents of The Palazzo and Venetian lol
5	Okay, this might sound ridiculous, but this is THE BEST WALGREENS in THE WORLD. No lie. This Walgreens is also:- The CLEANEST- The MOST WELL STOCKED- The BEST LOCATED- THE CLASSIESTBasically, this Walgreen is a winner on every end. I'm shocked everyone isn't giving them 5 stars across the board. I was soooo ready for them to have high Las Vegas prices, being attached to the Palazzo (and Venetian) and all. But No. Regular, everyday, down the street Walgreens prices... gotsa be kiddin' me?! I was having a field day when I saw that they actually had the same prices. I was LITERALLY like a kid in a candy store. Buying everything from water to snacks to souvenirs. Why? Well b/c tiny water bottles in my hotel fridge are about $50, okay, well they're $6 but still that's 4.5 times the price of the huge water bottle I got for $1.50. Also the tiny  snacks in my room, are about $12.00, snacks in Walgreens $1-$4. I mean whoever decided to put a Walgreens here is GENIUS. And I love you :)Honestly, I wish I would have known about this Walgreens before I came because I wouldn't have scrambled going to the store the morning of my flight here to pick up last minute stuff. I was just sooo shocked at how well stocked and clean it was. It looked brand spankin' new. It makes sense being where it was located, but Idk... stores are always out of something. They seemed to have everything and they seemed to have someone or some few whose job was to just clean and neatly arrange the aisles all day long.  And for it to be so busy I was shocked out how quick you can get in and out... they have like 6+ cashiers, which makes sense and makes  everything more efficient and move quickly, two thumbs up for that b/c I thought I was gonna be waiting forever-- not even close. All I can say is LOVED this Walgreens in every possible way. It made my expensive stay in Vegas, much MUCH more comfortable.
3	This is a big, big walgreens. It was very clean and bright. It was nice that they had multiple cashiers too, no wait for us!
4	You'd be surprised how nice this Walgreens is. It's exterior looks like a NYC department store, and the inside is clean and well organized.It's the perfect stop for any necessities you might have forgotten-I came in twice, once for a razor and some shaving cream, and then again for some sunglasses. I got out of each trip spending under $15-that's about the same price I paid for a bagel and coffee in the mirage.In addition to normal Walgreens fare, you can get some Vegas souvenirs here, including shirts, shot glasses, post cards, etc.This store is a really nice addition to the strip because it's cheap and it's got everything you might need.
4	If you're staying on the Strip, become friends with the nearest Walgreens.  There are several scattered up and down the Strip including this one across from Treasure Island.  If nothing else, sticker shock from hotel gift shops will drive you there.  These Walgreens cater to tourists and the front of the store looks like a supersized convenience store with a huge array of beverages, fountain drinks, sandwiches, fresh fruit and snacks at prices close to what you'd find at home, not the rip off prices in the hotel gift shop.  Younger crowds were toting cases of beer back to their hotel rooms.There are lots of ways to spend money in Vegas, but $3 for bottled water shouldn't be one of them.  Head to Walgreens instead.
5	I love that now we're putting pharmacies EVERYWHERE on the strip.  WHY DIDN'T WE DO THIS AGES AGO? Suncreen, gatorade, sodas, beer, little margaritas in a bag.  This is what the WORLD needed.
4	24 hour Walgreens comes in handy when you are on the strip and don't feel like walking all the way back to your room for a forgotten item.  This place becomes really busy, and they sometimes need more clerks to check people out...big surprise there right?!?  I wish that everything wasn't so frickin' high in the place though!  They have gambler's prices on almost every item.  Location, location, location I tell you!
4	This Walgreens is in the perfect location for all the tourists passing through the strip.  You can get anything here, even fresh fruit for your cocktails and souveniers that don't cost you an arm and a leg!  Nice and clean inside, organized and very helpful when you're "trapped" in Sin City!
4	24 hours and walking distance from our room at the Palazzo. We went there multiple times to stock up on water and other necessities. Great place to go anytime. Beware- it is like NYC prices but I guess everything is in Vegas.
3	Mixed feelings on this.Pros -open 24 hours-sells alcohol 24 hours ( yey!)-close to The Wynn where I was staying -has everything from calling cards, snacks, souveneirs, cosmetics, pharmacy needs.Cons-The Prices! OMG they were higher then here in Canada! I normally love to shop at American drug stores - not this one just got a few things -Long Lineups on cash-Calling Card was a burn. 3 hours for 10$. I got a different one across the street 26 hours for $10I really was disappointed. I had high hopes for 24 hour drugstore shopping fun.The highlight of my 3 trips to this store was coming home from Tao at 4 am and buying some Baileys  Irish Cream.Cheers to that, but not much else.
4	This is a great place to get water or snacks while walking the strip. I have found that it's better to buy water here and keep it in the hotel than buy a bottle of water in a hotel or casino. Also great for things like gatorade,sunscreen, and snacks. This is also a good location-one of many. If you need anything, you can look here.
4	Walgreen has their own mini parking lot , the drinks were for 0.99 cents amazing .This is among the most cost effective stores on the strip.I got my snacks and drinks here.The check out is fast awesome.
4	Nicest Walgreens I've ever been to!  Only complaint is that they seemed to have a lot of touristy stuff, and their selection of normal Walgreens "things" seemed sparse.
5	Bottle service at Walgreens.  That is the line I will always remember from my last trip to Las Vegas.  Wanting to get a cheap head start on our night, my friends and I grabbed a bottle of Grey Goose and a couple of slushies and made some amazingly strong bevs.  Nothing classier than starting off a Vegas night by drinking adult slushies in an alley.
5	Awesome location next to the Venetian. Stop in for ice cold 24oz beer then walk back to the casino or hotel. Saved waiting for a cocktail waitress. Drink lasted awhile. You were allowed one to the pool. Was very cheap compared to prices in the resort. Busy busy place.
5	This place is a LIFE SAVER!!!Alcohol, sun block, body towels, cheap shot glasses (souvenirs), water, slushies with booze in them, chocolate syrup (don't ask), and cosmetics for you ladies Probably the best accessory to the Palazzo/Venetian hands down
4	They had my Burt's Bees Pomegranate lip balm.I bought it.I'm so glad they had it.The end.
3	Great for last minute items or some small snacks. But it's expensive compare to regular Walgreens. The sales are different because it's on the strip and it runs differently. But compare to hotel prices this is cheaper.
5	Uhhh??? Why would you keep paying for drinks, when you have everything you need for your own party @Walgreens? Loved this place!  The staff was very friendly and courteous, mind you, they must have a lot of random people asking them stupid random questions! They were really helpful, more helpful than our own hometown Walgreens! lolWe were trying to save as much money as we can,  so we can either gamble or use it for entertainment! Great location, great prices, great workers!
3	It's a Walgreens and it has souvenirs that say Vegas things on them, and everything is about 10-20% more expensive than off strip Walgreens. I imagine it's pretty convenient for people visiting, staying at hotels, that don't have cars, however otherwise it's pretty inconvenient to get to.
4	Never have I felt the need to review a Walgreen's, but when you're on vacation, nearby drugstores become your best friend and in-hotel drugstores are even better! This place is everything the reviewers say it is: crowded, somewhat expensive, and extremely convenient.We put together a decent supper of nacho cheese dip, tortilla chips, and microbrewery beer, for about $15.00. The atmosphere was like a frat party--loud and excited. The staff were very kind, considering.
5	Whenever I stay in my base Vegas hotel, The Mirage, I always come to this Walgreens because it's walking distance from my hotel and way cheaper then the Hotel stores. I always go on a shopping spree here mainly for bottled water, soda, snack etc... It's always full of tourists I think are very smart to shop here and the shopping carts here are very cute.Happy Travels!
5	Fast and quick!
4	This Walgreens is well placed,  right on the Las Vegas Strip in The Venetian. The prices are a bit higher, but hey you are paying for the convenience of the location. Other than that it is your standard Walgreens. So if you are walking on the Strip, stop in and grab a water.Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Convenient place to buy beer or wine. Always seems to be busy - be prepared to show your ID.  Located right outside The Venetian.
4	Walgreens is one of the best things about the Strip. It brings shopping back to reality. If you need bottled water, sodas, snacks, forgotten toiletries, even alcohol for your hotel room--dont pay hotel prices! Run over to Walgreens and pay "normal" prices! You can even get a tacky styrofoam beer cooler to keep your stuff cool while picking up deoderant that you forgot to pack or some tchotchkes to bring home. This Walgreens is located at the Venetian, but there are several now on the strip so be sure to hit one up and save your cash for gambling instead of overpriced bar drinks.
5	Love this Walgreen's.  We stopped in here quick to grab some snacks for our flight and something for a headache.  The place is well stocked, clean and being next to the major hotels on the strip it's quite convenient.  Tamika was our cashier and I thought she went above and beyond.  (Hope that's her name for that's what was on the receipt.)
5	Right bye the Pallazzo and Venetian. Great place to buy a last minute holiday card, a bottle, or a bag of chips.
4	It's a Walgreens....nothing normally to get excited about. When you are on the strip though, it can be a relief to see somewhere affordable to grab provisions. This location is in the front of the Palazzo. It carries all the usual snacks and beverage basics, alcohol, beer, wine, and even some basic grocery items like bread, cold cuts, fruits, etc. There's Vegas souvenirs of course and beauty and OTC products in case you forgot something at home. This one has a full pharmacy and has a Take Care Clinic. If you happen to get sick and need a basic problem fixed (not a emergency) then you can go here instead of the Urgent Care off the strip. This store and pharmacy is 24 hours, the Take Care Clinic is not.If this one isn't close, there is also a location by the Planet Hollywood on Harmon and one by MGM.I'm local but when I play tourist guide to visiting friends and family I'm glad there's someplace to get a giant water for $2 instead of paying for $5 regular bottled water out of the vending machines.
5	Thank goodness for this place being right across the street from where we were at, the Mirage.
4	4 stars for a Walgreens you ask? Well it is based on the convenience of this place! Right on the strip and it has almost anything you could think of including prepared foods. The store is huge - 1 1/2 levels.The prices here were double on some things from back home but what would you expect on the strip?HUGE lines waiting to checking out but they actually move people in and out very quickly.
5	If you brought nothing but the clothes on your back to Vegas, have no fear, because this Walgreens has anything/everything you would need for a weekend getaway.From makeup, to fast flats, to food/clothes, hard liquor, a separate walk in fridge for beer, to bathroom essentials, this Walgreens has it all.Not only does it have everything you need, it is located right on the strip on the corner of the Venetian, so it is super convenient.Great location, great variety = I will be back!
4	Slightly pricey, but then again it isn't Walmart.I love that they have a cosmetics counter that carries some prestige brands as well as skincare. OH and they also offer cold deli sammies, salads AND at least 6 flavors of ICEE at any given time. WIN!
1	Worst.  Drugstore.  Ever.Seriously, why even call this a drugstore?  95% Booze, food and souvenirs, 5% drugstore.  Worst selection of typical drugstore items - toiletries, over the counter meds, etc.  If you want to buy outrageously over priced liquor, wine or beer; if you want to buy outrageously over priced pre-packaged stale tasteless sandwiches; if you want to buy outrageously over priced crappy souvenirs - then this place is the bomb-diggity.  But if you need toothpaste, soap, deodorant, aspirin, baby wipes, etc, you will be SOL at this place.  Oh and extra bonus - longest lines in any drug store ever anywhere in the world (Seriously - it's in the Guinness Book of World Records - look it up if you don't believe me).
4	I frequently come to Vegas and although I know it's an oxymoron, I attempt to eat healthy while staying on the strip. Due to the lack of a real grocery store within walking distance to the casinos I've struggled in this attempt. At least that's how it was until this Walgreens went through a major renovation.Beyond the normal Walgreens amenities, this particular location has a plethora of healthy food options.1. Fruit cups with grapes, melon, berries, mango, etc.2. Sandwiches and Wraps3. Veggie trays4. Salads with spinach and even kale!5. Smoothie bar6. Self- serve froyo
5	After arriving in Las Vegas we make it a point to come here first for drinks and snacks for the hotel room. This Walgreens is HUGE and dedicates most of its HUGE floor space to items you want while on vacation (alcohol! water! frozen yogurt! candy! sunscreen! ICEE's!). They recently renovated the store so now a full 90% of the store is dedicated to items like that. In the waaaaaaay back of the store you'll find the pharmacy and your usual drug store items like aspirin, etc. They also changed the checkout area for the better in that you now queue up and an automated voice tells you the register to go to (of which where are a lot). There's really nothing to complain about, although my wife liked this Walgreens before the renovation as she said it had more of a gritty "Vegas" feel to it. No more grit here!
5	- Pros: Open 24/7, full selection (especially handy for pre-made meals/sandwiches), clean, check-out line goes fast, reasonable Strip pricing, carries hard liquor, convenient Palazzo/Strip location- Minor Cons: At night it's blindingly bright inside, occasional pandhandlers on the sidewalk near the entrance
4	This Walgreens is in The Venetian and it's bigger than your typical Walgreens. They have a lot more goods and it's a lot bigger. I really liked that they had souvenirs at a price cheaper than most places.I got a baby Las Vegas t-shirt/dress one piece for my daughter. I also got her a stuffed monkey. And, I got a Las Vegas cup with straw, which seems to be a things these days, for my wife.
4	This Walgreen's has it all! ! Everything you could possibly need from souvenirs to spirits. Great customer service with plenty of cashiers for check out.
4	I don't know what it is about Vegas and Walgreens, but if you need a cheap souvenir quick, stop by here! Also, great place to load up on snack-tivities as well. This one is open 24/7 and is very, very clean. One can definitely get used to how clean and organized everything is here.
5	Great place to stock up on pre party drinks especially if you don't want to bust your wallet at the bar!
5	This is a fancy Walgreens all bedazzled out.  If you are looking for beauty products it's like walking into Ulta.  And Sephora is next door too.  We got a bottle of Belvedere Vodka $36, red bulls, and water for our pre-game and it was worth it.
4	i went here almost everyday when i lived at hotels on the strip.  Largest Walgreen's in Revenue in the country.  as of last year.  They have everything.. slushies and drinks and everything.  be careful... do not get too much stuff.  You will not have anyone's help to get the stuff back to your hotel room.
5	Can I please just reiterate just how awesome our cashier, Justin, is? This review came about solely because of him.Having bought: 3 fifths of liquor, a case of water, a 12-can pack of Coke Zero, a bag of pretzels, plastic cups, a razor and a travel-size container of conditioner, Justin was extremely helpful in terms of helping us figure out the logistics of carrying all of our crap back to Harrah's. Despite his coworker hassling him to hurry up (even though she genuinely didn't seem to be doing anything) and us insisting that we didn't need to rent a basket or a cart, he was still very courteous and friendly.He even broke open the pack of Cokes and stacked the cans into a plastic bag for us so it would be easier for us to carry (rather than having to tote the box back, along with the case of water and everything else in our hands). AND he double- and triple-bagged just about everything to ensure that we wouldn't have to worry about the bags breaking halfway back to the hotel. Fantastic customer service.
4	So convenience next to the Venetian!
4	this Walgreens is on STEROIDS. No, seriously, it is. What you need, they have.  The best part of this Walgreens is that they have a JUICE BAR!!!   Sooo needed after nights after nights of drinking!  Fresh squeezed juice and delicious combos!!!Try the 'Lucky Charm' and the "Cash Out'... delicious freshly squeezed juices! so healthy.
5	The coolest Walgreens that I have ever been in, granted it is on the strip, but I was thrilled I didn't get ripped $$  for a chapstick.. They have everything!
5	THIS IS THE MOTHER-LOAD OF ALL WALGREENS!! I'm not sure if they have a pharmacy since it's on the strip but they for sure have everything and anything else.
4	Maaan this Walgreens is super convenient... and freaking huge to boot too. The biggest marked up items? Alcohol of course! However, the lady needed a few things and being it was across the street from TI, we made a quick night trip and managed to pick up a few things she needed and of course didn't need also. They're well equipped with a pharmacy, restrooms, and a make up center with a lady that can help you. P.S. - The Juice bar and Froyo place is just over-the-top awesome.
5	Corporate Walgreens, Start thinking!  We like your stores, but your ads stink!  Your TV commercials shows a husband ruin Christmas prep by knocking a stocking into the fireplace...and the WIFE has to go to Walgreens to rebuy everything!  What is this...the 1970s?  Send the guy who wrecked the room!   I'm not shopping in your stores anymore....hire a more diverse ad agency that "gets it" and see if profits increase.
5	Holy crap, this Walgreens is amazing and it has saved my life (and my friends' lives) on numerous occasions over the past few years. It has a deli, alcohol, all the Vegas-themed trinkets you can imagine, emergency make-up, TONS of Gatorade and other rehydration necessities, AND A FROYO BAR! It's always fairly crowded but the line moves fast.
4	This Walgreens must do a million a day in sales. It's conveniently located. Prices are marked up but that's Las Vegas. All in all, it's not bad.
5	This is the busiest Walgreens I ever been to, there are good reason why.  First of is located in the Las Vegas Strip, it between Palazzo and Venetian.  Just next to the popular Tao Night Club.  This is the place to get you food, water and other important items restocked.  Eating and drinking is pricey in the Strip, you can save tons of money just shopped here, and just aware that most hotel in the strip does not had microwave or the fridge unless you got a suite type of room.Price is slight higher than what you fight in most other Walgreen, but is understand since the high cost of the strip in general, even a foot long subway cost $10, but you still manage to find 99 cents Arizona Tea in here.   If you wanted to eat a nice buffet later of the day, this is good place to get you breakfast and late night snack fix without had to spend much.  Save those money can use more in party and gamble =)
5	The best walgreens ive ever visited. They have an organic juice bar and froyo machines. Water is 1.99! This is a great place to go when youre baller on a budget.
5	Okay so it is a Walgreens. Sandwiches! A frozen yogurt bar..... and everything else you might have forgotten.... and a light night snack.
4	This Walgreen is very interesting! They have fro yo and souvenir there! My friends  and I always just go there to get some gallon water haha. It is also very organized. I like it!
5	What more could you ask for? A very helpful Pharmacist and a huge beer/liquor selection.  Normally evil mega-corporations are automatically docked at least 1 star on principal but screw it--Viva Wal-Vegas!
5	Omg this was so bomb! They had every nail polish you could imagine for some of my fave brands.
5	This Walgreens is awesome. It's like no other. They sell booze and shit. It's awesome. This is the go to place to buy all you're shit while In Vegas. You can buy booze,mixers,snacks for your room and you can buy souvenirs there too. It's one stop shopping. Oh and get a fresh salad and ice cream.....oh it's great great great!
5	best walgreens ever. Incredible veggie juice bar. clean, decent food on the strip at reasonable prices
4	One of the biggest Walgreens I've been to. It sells premade salads, sandwiches, fruit platters etc. They also have a juice bar!I've been here twice now for fresh smoothies. It's been hard finding smoothies made with fresh fruit and no added sugar on the strip. They let you customize it with as many or as little ingredients you want for the same price.The only complaint I have is that the machines dont blend the smoothies perfectly and there's usually chunks at the bottom.I'd go back for another smoothie any day!
3	Really convenient that they have this right on the Strip. A bit more variety of things than a typical Walgreens, but prices are SUPER high. Guess that's par for the course here, but also reflected in the rating.
4	Walgreens .... you were my oasis in the land of $10 bottles of water!  I stayed at Treasure Island and came here for water and antibacterial sanitizer.  My sis forgot her prescription and had it filled at the pharmacy here.  Also saw a lot of LV souvenir items here at pretty reasonable prices.  Love that it's here!
4	Skip your hotel gift shop and go here instead...it's convenient and you'll save a few bucks.  Yes, it's a little more costly than your Walgreens back home but it's great for bottled water, booze, items you forgot to pack, and whatnot...they also have a good selection of Las Vegas souvenirs.  I got a pretty decent shot glass for $2 and it was better than the cheap ones on Freemont Street and looked like the $4 ones sold in the hotel stores.  This is your go-to place if you are passing by or staying at any of the hotels in the area.
4	always has everything u might need when on the fly!! Pharmacy is dope too!! Great customer service all the time and workers R always happy
3	Lines are long but cost is way better than other places on the strip. Worth the wait if you don't want to spend a ton. A bit crowded in the isles so you need to know exactly what you are going in for. Staff doesn't exists on the sales floor so don't try finding someone to ask where something is.
5	Best Walgreens ever.
5	Thank goodness for this little Walgreens located right by the Venetian. It sells grab and go sandwiches, salads, fruit cups, etc, plus freshly made smoothies etc. We grabbed some drinks and snacks to stick into our mini fridge at the hotel for those late night munchies. The line was really long but they've got so many checkout stands that the wait it quite minimal.
5	Out of all the places we visited in Las Vegas this week end - Walgreens was the most impressive!!! The staff were helpful and friendly...not jerks!  They had everything we needed. Souvenirs are the best here! It was clean, cool, and affordable. Walking thru the Las Vegas Strip was like walking through Tijuana Mexico and Walgreens was refreshing. THANK YOU WALGREENS!
1	Worst management ever!  Prices at the items don't match at the registers, and management wont adjust or honor ticket price. The store manager didn't even bother to come out of his office to talk to me even after I requested to talk to him, zero customer service! Avoid this place if you can! They will cheat the tourists and ignore the locals!
1	Way too expensive, just because there is no competition nearby. A walgreens is a walgreens, and just because most of your customers are drunk, doesn't mean you should take advantage of them. I was very excited to see a walgreens in the midst of the overpriced stores, but was disappointed to see that the prices didn't match Walgreens stores anywhere else.
4	The great thing about this place is its 24 hours and you can go in there buy whatever it is you needed that you forgot on your trip. Me and my wife came in here after wandering the casinos around 2 am because we forgot our tooth brushes at home, perfect go in there and buy cheap toothbrushes also needed a disposable razor and that was about it. Also had a hankering for salt and vinegar chips for some reason so got a large bag of lays and a three bottles of water for the road. The prices are very over priced here but you will not find any kind of mercy anywhere on the strip so, you have to take the good with the bad. This Walgreens was a little bit hidden its right near the Venetian so keep your eyes peeled.
4	Convenient location (in front of the Venetian), excellent selection (pretty much anything you need, including food, drinks, alcohol, medicine, and so much more). Con: prices are really steep. But at least you can get anything you may need if it's that urgent.
5	Two words: JUICE BAR!I had to go to a drug store for some personal items and of all the options, I'm so glad I stumbled into this Walgreens! They have lots of fresh food options and a juice bar! The folks working the juice counter were very friendly and gave me the larger size juice even though I ordered a small one because they accidentally made too much. Gotta love getting fresh green juice between all the booze and buffets. As for the rest of the store, it was big and clean and well-lit.
5	For a Walgreens / drug store, this place is 5 stars.  It's massive and has everything you need.  I always stay at the palazzo / Venetian and come here to stock up on water and snacks.  Better than paying $7 a bottle for water.
4	Huge Walgreens located right in the Palazzo portion of the Venetian with all the amenities of a regular WAG plus more. There was a yogurt stand and hit food station, ICEE Heaven and fresh fruit and cheeses. There were at least 15 cashiers available so the long lines kept moving (made me wonder what their budget was though). Oh! And the Boots section looked really chic
1	Urgent care clinic is not 24 hours like the rest of the business. They were supposed to open at 8am and I left around 8:30am after waiting for them since 7am. Hours vary by the day so check that out before you come. Apparently it's usually only one person on duty so if they don't show up, you're SOL.
4	Me gusto la atencion de esta tienda los empleados son muy amables y en todo momento me hicieron sentir como en casa.
4	I thought each Walgreens carried the same products but I found something here I didn't find in other locations in Vegas; a Vegas Christmas ornament! Yes, a souvenir but I do like to get one in my travels to include on the Christmas tree.  Aside from the ornament, they have other souvenirs like calendar and shirts.  Walgreens is great for everything you need for vacation (and forgot to bring).  I usually come for snacks, drinks, and other foods.  I scan the aisles for chocolate and snacks not available in Canada and I can bring back home.  Prices are about the same as in Canada so with the exchange, they are a little higher.They have a friendly greeter and the cashier was friendly.  The cashier even put my ornament in a paper bag for alcohol and a plastic bag!
