5	Probably the best pizza in all of Tempe. Very similar to Bianco in downtown Phoenix. Great outdoor patio, beer & wine selection and the pizza will speak for itself. Strange location, a bit hard to find but worth the search!
5	I have now been here twice in one week and that should be all of the review you need.  The pizza is as good as I have had here in the valley and if you go on a weeknight there is no wait and the service is so fast and friendly there is not one thing to complain about.  I have not gone on the weekend so I cannot say if it gets crowded but the place is pretty small.  They have a lot of varieties of pizza and calzones as well as salads.  I could probably just be sated from the delicious bread that comes with the dinner salad.  I believe it is just small portions of the pizza dough but I cannot be sure.  But I don't care what it is,  it is delicious. This would be a great date place, especially on a chilly night.  The glowing brick pizza oven is right in the middle of the restaurant and just makes a place  that is in the middle of a strip mall seem very cozy.As the other reviewer mentioned they have a great wine selection, some surprising beer choices and a nice covered patio.  I had been in this complex a few times and never even noticed this place so I am glad that I read Joe's review and took the time to find it.
3	Here is where my best food friend (bff...to me) and I disagree:  Classic Italian Pizza.  I think it is alright.  It definitely is a place that supports my "treasure hunt" hypothesis to finding great stuff in the Phx (for crying out loud, it is next to a Big Lots!).  I've been here three times, at least (1:  with bff, 2:  with a date who said he gave a former student/girfriend an "A for the lay" - yeah, that was the 1st and only date - .  3:  with Mom and Step Dad).  I don't know -- I appreciate the wood fired oven, the totally sweet staff, and the bread, but the food just doesn't quite cut the mustard for me.  I suppose all those years in Rome (okay, those TWO years in Rome) really amped up my snob factor. I would take a picky date here in the future -- because it has good date atmosphere, I couldn't date anyone who couldn't support the TH hypothesis, and who doesn't at least LIKE pizza?
3	Barber shop, dentist, big lots, tanning salon (by the way, why the eff are there so many tanning salons here in AZ?  it's sunny 330 days a year!  go stand outside! but i digress), clocktower that appears to be broken and perpetually set at 7:16 and... pizza place.    Welcome to strip mall suburban heaven.  I decided to do take out at this place at the suggestion of yelp (thanks yelp!).  I picked "pizza", scrolled to roughly my area and hit search.  viola! this place popped up as the best reviewed.  I don't think this place does a ton of takeaway, because when I walked in there's no clear place to pick up your order, so I walked through the tables of couples eating their meals & drinking wine, finally coming to the bar, "uh... here to pick up a pizza?"  They were super quick (phone in to ready for pick up in 20 minutes) and the service was friendly.  I dig the interior.  The guy makes your dough pretty much right in front of you and the brick oven is the centerpiece of the behind the bar area.Now, the pizza itself was pretty decent.  They only come in one size (12''), which is perfect for two.  If you have more than two, uhh... order two pizzas? It's a chewy thin crust, and a little floppy for my taste, but it's tasty.  Looking for something other than pizza?  Hope you like salads.  No pasta, chicken, sushi, tapas or beef wellington here.  I've been debating between 3 & 4 stars.  i think if they had a little more variety, I'd round up.  I'll probably try this place out again, maybe as a sit down next time.  It seemed like a nice, cozy, conversation-conducive place.
4	I moved to Tempe, AZ a few months ago from New Jersey and this is the best pizza I have had here.  The ingredients are very fresh and the atmosphere is really nice.  It's a small restaurant with a friendly staff.  This place is good for a date or a group of people.  I recommend the spinach pizza.  My only complaint is that this restaurant doesn't open until 5pm.Also, it is a little pricey and 1 pizza is not enough for 2 people.
5	What a great hidden gem.  Tucked away in a corner of an otherwise uninspiring strip mall in Tempe, Classic Italian Pizza is my new fave pizza place.  Right away, you walk into another world as you step inside.  Cozy and warm, you would have no idea that you were in a strip mall at all.  But the real reason to drive out to Classic Italian Pizza is the pizza itself.  Try it, you can thank me later.
5	This hidden, beautiful, delicious restaurant is exactly why I L-O-V-E Yelp!  Last week the boyfriend suggested we go on a "date" and try something new, but preferably in Tempe since that's where we would be shopping prior.  Nothing came to mind, so I browsed Yelp and found Classic Italian Pizza.  It was love at first read.  Thanks to the prior reviews we were able to find it by searching for the Big Lots sign, and were greeted by a mostly vacant parking lot.  There, in the corner, the restaurant was glowing and inviting.  Upon entering we were surprised to find only 3 other tables full, and this was a Friday night.  Yippee!  No wait!  We started with the yummy brick oven bread, Caprese salad, a glass of pinot grigio, and Warka (polish beer)....which all came out quickly.  The bread held up to it's expectations - it was the perfect texture of chewy dough and light flavor, brought with a plate of marinara sauce and balsamic.  Next it was on to the pizza - Margharita for me and Pepperoni for the boyfriend.  Both were yummy, hot, and flavorful.  Every table has it's own bottle of olive oil, balsamic, parmesean, and red pepper so we were able to spice our pizza's up just how we like.  Mmmm!For me, it's not only about the food it's about the ambiance and this place definitely has both.  It's cozy, pleasant, and when you're there you really feel like someone invited you to be in on the secret.
4	Was just in Tempe for a bowl game and found this great place thanks to other yelpers. My husband and I loved the pizza. My husband is really picky about this pizza and he raved about it. It is tucked a way but we plugged the address into our navigation system and had no problem finding it. If you are in Phoenix definitely skip the pizza chains and try Classic Italian Pizza.
4	Love this joint! A simple margherita pizza is my test for good pizza places. Often, it's the "simplest" dishes that are the most difficult to execute. Classic Italian won't disappoint! This is my East-Valley pick for best pizza. Although they have a full bar, they don't stock Campari. Just a personal taste I have, I suppose. There's not much to brag about the scene. With zero street visibility, no proximity to night life/culture and hidden in an half-empty strip mall, the restaurant must rely on its great  food to sustain business. (not a bad business model... others should take note!)Hit Classic Italian purely for the food and it's an easy winner! Staff is friendly and the pizza is about as good as it gets in the Valley.
5	Hubby and I have tried a lot of pizza joints in the Valley, and I am originally from NJ ~ mmm, I can still recall the Atlantic City boardwalk pizza from my youth ~ so I think we have a pretty decent base upon which to review a thin crust pizza. Over the years, we've been disappointed with NYPD, Rosati's, Oregano's, and Nello's. Ray's, Lorenzo's, Barro's, and Spinato's were better.Classic Italian Pizza lives up to the Yelp-hype. CIP specializes in 12" thin crust pizzas. You get a high quality, slightly chewy yet crunchy thin crust pizza with a well-spiced sauce and top shelf Italian toppings (the sausage was delicious!). The brick oven bread appetizer recommended by previous Yelpers comes with a plate of olive oil and marinara that is great for dipping your pizza crusts into...In terms of portion size, my hubby, his friend, and I split two pizzas and a bread appetizer, and that was enough for fairly large appetites. And, finally, the service was awesome, as was the ambiance. In sum, go now, go often... and probably go on a Thursday night, as it seems you'll be seated immediately!
5	I went to "the best pizza restaurant in phoenix" and this place blew it away in taste, atmosphere, service, and price.  The place is decently roomy yet still cozy with the pizza oven in the background glowing.  The menu has a nice selection and everything I've had there has been fresh and tasty.  They have some unusual alcohols there we cant find anywhere else and I always enjoy their espresso after dinner.  Really pleasantly surprised by this place as it doesn't look like much from the location.
5	Best pizza I've had in Tempe, brick oven and thin, most authentic pizza I've had in the valley, Incredibly tasty, more 'date night' then 'order out' because of the high price, about $16 for a 12" (only size available), all the pizza is cooked by this one awesome Bosnian dude who makes all of the pizza, if you have ever tried the pizza over in Europe you will love this place
1	anyone comparing this to bianco is simply barking up the wrong tree.  this isnt even close.  ITALIAN pizza isnt covered in shredded mozzerella.  I struggled to find any flavor at all in the pizza. crust was very tasteless.  got a caprese,  tomatoes were hard and pink.   Someone here claims the atmosphere is better than the "best pizza in phoenix" I can not imagine who finds this strip mall spot to be inviting. the tile on the floor has been around since the jc penney outlet that disappeared many many years ago.  took one hopur to get two pizzas. service was friendly and nice. i will make the drive to cibo every single time i want pizza even if i lived next door to cip.  And to price this pizzas higher than both bianco or cibo is just arrogant .  If you want a neopalitan style pizza go elsewhere, if you want ny style pizza go elsewhere.  I will not be back, I am quite frankly annoyed that I have been once based on the gleaming reviews. Better than bianco? that is just flat out nuts. we had a 5 year old with us that refused to eat his cheese pizza.  If you happen to stop in look at the pictures of pizza on the wall, they look italian and nothing like the pizza being churned out here.DO NOT FALL FOR THE 5 STAR REVIEWS WRITTEN BY  OWNERS FRIENDS AND FAMILY!!!! THIS PIZZA IS A 3 ON  A GREAT DAY.
5	Great Pizza and Wine place. Very similar to Bianco but without the ridiculous wait at Bianco. Nice patio. Brick-oven pizza with high quality ingredients. One of the best Pizza places in the Phoenix area.
3	The pizza was okay.  It's pretty typical of thin crust pizza I've had elsewhere, so nothing really jumped out at me there.  What was impressive was the little bread nibblets (like Pappa John's breadsticks in texture only) and sauce that we ordered as an appetizer.  I'm not sure exactly what's in the sauce (I think marinara, vinegar, olive oil, crushed red pepper), but it was very good.  When my friend was out of bread, he ate the rest of the sauce with a spoon!  The beverage selection was good if you were a wine drinker, but the beer and Italian soda selections were  skimpy.  I had the root beer, it was average.  I was surprised they didn't have much more on their menu besides salads, desserts, and pizzas (where's the pasta?), but that's okay, after all, it is a pizza place.The wait staff was pretty good.  They were very kind, and attentive to detail such as basil on the margarita pizza.  They ask if basil is okay on the pizza (a margarita pizza without basil?) which is cool, because some people just don't like basil.The location is in the corner of a (vacant) strip mall.  While you are inside, you forget altogether that you are in a strip mall.  Though, I wouldn't say you feel like you are in Italy.  I liked the eclectic mix of music (Genesis, Sting, etc.) but I guess the Italian in me was hoping for some Frank Sinatra or Dean Martin.  Oh well, this is Phoenix.I like Classic Italian but I am 50/50 on whether I'd go back.  I think my leftovers will be the kicker here.
4	I ended up going here today because Spinato's is closed on Sundays & Mondays (god damn you Spinato's, why are you so tasty).  Overall I was impressed with the place.  The restaurant itself is nicely decorated and cozy, with a very large, wood-burning brick pizza oven viewable from most of the tables.  We walked in right as they were opening so the oven was still firing up, but it was entertaining to watch.The menu is fairly eclectic, a selection of appetizers, salads and pasta dishes compliment the array of pizzas available.  The pizza selection ranges from your typical pepperoni to mozzarella, basil, and cherry tomatoes, with others containing very traditional Italian toppings.  They also seemed to have a pretty decent wine selection, even though that really isn't my cup of tea.  The pizzas are thin crust and don't utilize any tomato sauce (at least none that I saw), but were very good even though I'm not a big fan of thin-crust pizzas.  Everything tasted very fresh, which is nice when you're burnt out on Papa Johns.  My only complaint were that the pizzas are a little small (12'' and they only come in one size).  For $17 I was hoping to get a little more for my money, but it wouldn't stop me from coming back.  Definitely more 'date night' than family-dining.  I didn't see any tables for more than four people and there isn't a lot of room to push tables together.  All in all worth checking out, but I still think I'll head to Spinato's when I want a regular pizza.One thing to watch out for:  The place is small and tucked into the corner of the strip mall.  So much so that the parking-lot-visible sign is located over an establishment that is now closed.  At first I thought the restaurant had gone out of business, but further investigation proved it was simply hidden.
4	I have been going to this hard to find place for years.  It was recommended by a friend from the frist moment I bit into the crispy crust I was hooked. I will talk about the food in a moment but my favorite part of Classic Italian is that I have introduced some other friends to this place and they went on to be hard, hard core regulars.  Dinning there a few times a week for about five years now.  The pizza is European Style.  Individual pizza, thin crust with fresh toppings.  I especially love the fresh Prosucitto and basil pie. Their Tomato salad is excellent and the bread sticks and mariana sauce is some of the best in town.  Love it!
4	Resturants in strip malls are deceiving... that is why i searched for pizza on yelp before I just went out to another pizza place and be disappointed. This resturant was in a strip mall and I wouldn't have stopped if I was just driving past it. I found in on Yelp and decided to go for a nice quiet date night and it was perfect! I was definately go back here again to take family, friends visiting, another night out. Cute inside and outside, I was very pleased with the pizza as well. I got the proscutto pizza and it was very yummy. 4 stars!
4	Oh, man this is good pizza made the way God intended: In a wood fired oven on a crust that is just thick enough to hold up all the toppings. We went on a Friday night and they were completely packed, which means that the oven was having a hard time keeping up with all the orders. I've had pizza at places endorsed by the Rick Steves crowd in Italy, but this place was actually better. It took quite a long time for our food to arrive, but once it did it was pizza heaven. I need to find out when they are not so busy so I can go back the next time I need some Neapolitan goodness.
5	Best. Pizza. In. The. Valley. Period.I adore the Began's, as I've known them prior to taking ownership of Classic Italian Pizza. Several years ago, I even had my college graduation there. Over the years, Ahzar has added in multiple improvements and menu changes, making it one of the best pizza and wine spots in the valley. Bread is hand made, Mozzerella is fresh, and tiramisu is made fresh daily as well (A 2 hour process).I love the White Pizza, as well as the four seasons. Their tuna salad nicoise and caprese are also must haves. Ultimately, I would put it up against Pizzeria Bianco any day of the week. Classic Italian Pizza is fantastic.
3	Went here about two weeks ago on a spur of the moment. Presentation (4 stars) - Cute little place, very family owned kinda vibe, very welcoming and homey.Service (3 stars) - Service was average. We went on a Friday night and they were pretty full. There was 3 servers trying to handle about 5 tables each, bad business practice. Food (3 stars) -This is the interesting one. We ordered the bread with marinara as an appetizer and a pizza. The bread was pretty good, essentially just garlic bread with pepper and some marinara sauce. The pizza is pretty good artisan style pizza, but small portion for two. We were still hungry after an appetizer and pizza, good lunch portions.Price (1 star) - Alright this is where it really gets me. The food here was incredibly expensive, the toppings were anywhere from $2 to $7 dollars. We had pepperoni and sausage, and the pizza was about $19 for a 12 inch pizza. PRICEY! Our bill came out to over $25 with an appetizer and pizza, this didn't include tip and we didn't get any drinks.Overall, the price is what we keep me away from here. I would just as easily go to Grimaldi's or even NYPD for similar quality food for half the price. They overprice EVERYTHING.
5	I lived just outside of Venice Italy for the last few years and I have been on the hunt for good Italian pizza. This place has it! This is hands down the best pizza in the valley. The crust was great. Just the right thickness and it had just the right taste of the oven. I have been driving from  pizza shop to pizza shop looking for better and there seems to be none. I would eat here every night if I did not live in the far west valley.
5	We tried out a nearby Pizza place tonight, Began's Classic Italian Pizza. It's tucked away in a dying strip mall on Baseline, west of McClintock. You really would need to know it's there to find it. I was expecting a strip mall kind of joint but was quite pleasantly surprised by the place. It's very nice, well decorated and perfect for a romantic dinner. They have an outside patio and seats at the bar in addition to ten or so tables inside. We split the Mediterranean Mix appetizer which was Feta Cheese, a selection of olives and a basket of warm, soft and tasty bread. It was a nice starter that we followed with the Diavola Pizza. That was topped by homemade Italian sausage, pepperoni, crushed red peppers, jalapenos, fresh mozzarella and tomato sauce. Really good!The pizzas are 12 inches so plenty for two. We actually only ate half of it and are saving the rest for breakfast. My friend enjoyed a nice glass of Chianti with her meal and they have a pretty good wine selection.The service was friendly and efficient. Our server told us they've been open for seven years. I can see why they've managed to do so despite the location.Total cost of our meal (I had water) was $31 which is a great value for the food quality, quantity and service.
2	My girlfriend and I went to CIP 10/16/09. First I want to say that we had great service. our waitress was always there when we needed something and always brought it to us in a few seconds. I don't know how people can say this pizza is anything special or how it can be "the best pizza in the valley" because its not, especially for $13 for a 12inch pepperoni. Let me put it this way $13 for pizza, $26 for their cheapest bottle of wine, $7 for an appetizer add tax and its almost $50 for two people. Now the pizza, the crust taste about the same as Tonys, yeah Tonys the $1 pizza from the freezer section at frys. The toppings where great cheese was nice and melted, great flavor and the pepperoni was a little sweet.the interior would look better if:1. Put a simple white table cloth on the table. 2. Get new chairs, that arn't from IKEA. one thing that really bugged me is that the tables where a darker color and the chairs where a brighter kind of yellowish color. Even if they took my first suggestion it wouldn't matter because the chairs are from IKEA. other than that the interior was pretty cool, o except the soccer ball and trophy on top of the wine cabinet, which was kind of out of place with everything else.I wouldn't go back unless the dropped the price, increace the size of the pizza (and not the cost) and fixed the interior things that bugged me.
3	i'm glad i was able to find another brick oven pizza place. we ordered two pizzas and it took us awhile to get out of the house, then we got lost and so it was about 1 hour later that i finally picked up the pizza. it was kinda creepy back there, it was totally empty. the pizza was cold and was so-so. i was *hoping* it would be comparable to biancos but no luck. biancos is way better. but this is much better than most pizza places so i hope they stick around.
5	This place is adorable...Great atmosphere great food..The waitress wasn't the brightest...almost seating us 3 girls by another table with 4 loud girls....once I saw where she was headed I immediately asked to be seated in one of the many other open tables..Besides that a couple of pizzas and a bottle of wine later...I was pretty much enjoying the good life..
5	BETTER THAN PIZZERIA BIANCOSeriously.Seriously, seriously, seriously good pizza.The only thing that bothered me about this place.... the name.... I honestly can't stand the name of this place.....However, the pizza is perfection.I can't imagine a better pizza.It totally reminded me of the pizzas I've had in Italy and France, much moreso than any other pizzeria in the valley.Loved it.  Really.
4	I have really become a fan of this place.  It has a very European feel to it (just get over the stripmall it is in).  Nice quiet atmosphere.  Very good pizza from the wood burning oven.  Excellent unique terramisu and a good wine list that is constantly changing.  The service staff and cooks are very friendly.  We always have a good time here.
4	Pleasantly surprised at pretty much everything: great food, wide selection of wines, and warm atmosphere.I've had LGO's pizza, and this is better. Haven't had Bianco's yet but apparently they won an award for best alternative to pizzeria Bianco.Will be back for sure, and if I like it again will give it 5 stars.
5	I feel bad for anyone who hasn't discovered this place yet.  My new favorite pizza place in Arizona... I've been searching for years.Nestled in the deep corner of a dimly light strip mall and beneath a huge old clock, Classic Italian Pizza is full of patrons who are raving about the delicious wood fire cooked pizza, salads and the best tiramisu this side of the Mississippi.  We're overjoyed that we've discovered this place.This is an expensive classy pizza joint, serving Italian-style thin crust pizzas with all the freshest and highest quality toppings.  The pizzas come in one size, 12".  Your meal comes with fresh wood fired italian bread.  I highly recommend dipping the bread into their house dressing, absolutely amazing!  Speaking of which, the fresh salad and their house dressing were among the best we'd ever had.It's hard to find a good Sangria and since everything was tasting so good, we decided to give it a shot.  Strong, but perfectly tasty.  This is a very good drink.We ordered the Italian Sausage, which comes with chopped mushrooms, green peppers and onions.  Naturally, I had to add pepperoni to this pie.  OUT-OF-THIS-WORLD EXCELLENT!  Wow, I'm coming back many many times and screaming from rooftops about how good this pizza is.  I'm from Chicago and hate just about everything in Arizona, so you can see my excitement in finding this place.We've also since come back and tried the four seasons pizza, which is basically split into four different sections; each with proscuitto, parmesan, and tomato sauce: tomato, olive, artichokes, mushrooms.  The tomato was so damn good we will definitely be ordering this again.The service is great, obviously a family run operation.  The same three people were working there each time I've come.  The talk to each other in Italian sometimes and are very passionate about what they do.You will never find this place if you don't look for it!
4	This is a great neighborhood pizza gold mine. Delicious food (loved the bread). I was also surprised at what a strong European vibe it had. I think that's mainly because they took the small, subpar space/location they had and made it work. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the staff is attentive. I'd definitely recommend it.
4	I came here last week on a Mission.  That Mission was to find a rival for my current favorite pizza at Parlor's, in central phoenix.  We perhaps slipped in to quietly, as were ignored for a good 10 minutes after coming in.  However, the surroundings seduced us into staying, with a huge oven greeting you by a very nicely stocked bar alongside, dark, rich wood interior.  The bliss on our fellow diners' faces and the speed at which their food disappeared gave testimony to the quality of this placeMy Prosciutto pizza was absolutely amazing.  A perfect crust, charred here and there but wonderfully firm throughout, yet still having that feeling of lightness I usually associate with pillows as I ate.  The toppings were top notch quality, and they definitely do NOT skimp on the prosciutto- every inch was covered outside of the crust.  Normally this would be very unbalanced, but the high amount of basil, toned down the rich saltiness of the prosciutto.  My gf loved her 4 cheese pizza, with mozzarella, ricotta, feta and parmesan cheese.  It had a similarly superb crust, and was a wonderful white pizza.  With that said, this garnered less raves from me because of the layer of oil atop it- I did not inquire, but it gave me the impression that they had brushed the top of the pizza with oil before serving, which is something I despise, although to be fair my gf had no complaints.By the time we had finished our pizzas, we were the last diners in the restaurant, and it was about ten minutes past their closing time.  Huge props to the server for offering us a dessert, which being tirimisu, I could not resist.  And this was a dangerously addicting version.  The least chocolately I've had, which I thought would be a turn off, wound up being one of my favorite renditions of all time, incredibly creamy and not too boozy.  We were told that it was an in-house recipe and I believed them, and approved. If I had only had my pizza, and if we had not been ignored after arriving, this would be 5 stars.  We will have to return, and I will try that 4 cheese pizza again and see about how they garnish their pizzas before serving.  Until then, 4 will do, with the hopes that future visits will promote to 5.
3	If this place truly is better than Pizzeria Bianco, guess I don't have to face those notoriously long lines downtown. I can't really figure out why people are giving Classic Italian Pizza five-stars.First of all the service was meh... the waitress never checked on us and she told us we should each get 1 pizza which were definitely too big not to share (looks like someone wanted a bigger bill i.e. a bigger check). And the food wasn't all that either. I'm a sauce girl and their pizza sauce tasted like it came from a can of spaggheti-o's. The crust was good though. It's just that, if I'm promised Italy and I get Domino's, I'm gonna be disappointed.
3	I've been here several times over about a 10-15 year period.  This was my first visit under the new ownership.  While the menu, friendly service, ambiance, etc. are still mostly the same; the pizza isn't really what I remembered it to be.  I used to love love love their wood fired pizza and thought it was some of the best around.  I just remember the crust being perfecto.  Anyway, I don't know what happened on my recent visit 2 nights ago.For an appetizer we ordered the garlic/jalapeno/pumpkin seed oil dip.  I didn't like it and thought it was a weird combination and bitter tasting.  Their homemade, wood fired bread on the other hand is excellent.I forgot the exact pizza we ordered and can't find the menu online so I'll try my best to describe it.  We ordered a pizza with 1/2 being something with the homemade sausage and the other 1/2 veggie something.  The homemade sausage is excellent and I could probably just eat a plate of that by itself.  Anyway, the rest of the ingredients were fresh and tasty.  My complaint is with the crust.  It was very soggy.  I'm guessing maybe it wasn't cooked long enough or the fresh veggies were watery and it seeped through to the crust.  I just don't know and it wasn't what I remembered or expected.  Next time I am going to try a plain cheese pizza and see how it goes.Our waitress was very fast and friendly.  The owner come over and talked wine with my wife and I.  We always like it when a restaurant's owner takes the time to chat with us.   He was very nice and very knowledgeable.  He let us sample a few different wines before we made our bottle selection and his friendliness/patience were appreciated.Anyway, I can't wait to come back and give it another shot.
4	If I didn't live near Classic Italian, I would never know this place existed. The location is tucked away a strip mall just off Minton and Lakeshore. The closest major streets are Rural and Baseline.Classic Italian values their food and quality of their product. Case in point. I ordered an Italian Sausage pizza for pickup. I arrived to pick up the pizza and the guy handling the pizza tells me that it will be a few extra minutes. He had to redo my pizza since it wasn't perfect. There was too much burned crust on the bottom. Nothing worse than a pizza charred on the bottom. I'm glad he took the extra time to make my pizza right.Upon getting home, the pizza was great. The pizza is thin and covered generously with your toppings. The sausage on the pizza was really tasty. Pizzas are between $10-15. Each pizza is 8 slices. There is a small patio outside to enjoy pizza with heaters (if needed). The interior is nicely decorated and has a very intimate feel of a classy place. This isn't your neighborhood pizza joint.Looking forward to my next experience at Classic Italian.
4	Everyone knows that I love pizza & vino, so if you share my love for a great  pie and a glass of grape juice look no further for your next big night out.  Classic Italian is well hidden under the clock tower in the Waterworks mall at Baseline/Lakeshore rd. in Tempe AZ. but well worth finding.  The pizzas are hand stretched & prepared in a wood fire brick oven using Pecan wood!  My favorte of the bunch is called the 4 Seasons, wow what a pizza.  The crust is delicate & thin, the house made sauce is wonrderful and there is always a reasonably priced bottle of wine to pair with everything on the menu.  The ambiance is comfortable and the service has always been good.  A great place for date night! DO IT!
5	Classic Italian Pizza was recommended to me by some friends who said, "You may think it's not there, but it is."  Oh yes, it is and is fantastic.  I crave their food!  Being a vegetarian many places don't have much to offer, but their menu offers many different options for those of us who don't eat meat anymore.  I have introduced many family and friends to this restaurant and each one of them has returned many times.  The appetizers are fantastic (Aglio Olio is my favorite) as well as any pizza I have had and any others that my friends have tried.  Give them a try, you won't regret it (I hope!).
3	After reading all the reviews and since I live close by, I decided to give Classic Italian Pizza a try.  When I arrived at around 6pm, I was the first person in the restaurant.  My first impression was -why is it so dark in here? My second impression was-why are they so expensive?  With the exception of the Margherita, White Pizza, and two or three other pizzas, the majority of the pizzas were in the $15.00 to $17.75 range.  While I was going to get the Capriciossa pizza, it was the most expensive pizza on their menu and I was put off at the price. As others have noted, these pizzas can be shared but at 12 inches in diameter, they are primarily for one person. Contrary to what some other reviewer wrote, these pizzas do not come with complimentary bread.  The bread was listed under appetizers and if I recall correctly, it was listed at $7.00, which I think is absolutely ridiculous.  On their menu, they also had some salads and they only had 1 desert item-tiramisu-also at the very high price of $7.00.As for the pizza itself, the Margherita pizza I had certainly was good.  The cheese was excellent, the sauce good and crust pretty good  as well although I think it could have been done just a bit more. Needless to say, while I liked the pizza, I did not find it incredibly fantastic.At the end of the day, the pizza, while good, was just too pricey.  If you look at other notable pizza restaurants in Phoenix- Humble Pie, La Grande Orange, Cibo, and even Pizzeria Bianco, all of the prices for pizza at these restaurants are less money.  While $17.75 for a pizza might be considered acceptable in San Francisco or New York, I've been around and for Phoenix, this place is overpriced .
5	I did like this place a lot. Given that it wasn't crowded when we went there we also received some good service and great recommendation from the chef. We ordered their garlic bread, the special pizza and the tiramisu topped off with the house wine.All came out perfect. If i wanted to quibble, I would suggest a bit more seasoning (and roasting of garlic) on their garlic concoction. I wouldn't rank this above Bianco's but given that the wait time and service overall a much better experience here. Sometimes the wait times at Bianco's really get to me.
1	pizza was great but the worst customer service ever. We waited 2 hours for a pizza when the server told us the staff lost our order, that was fine but then 1 hour later we finally got our pizza with no apologies from wait staff or offer of free app or anything. I asked if we talk to the manger and her came over and said were busy what do you want from this. Still no offer apologies just rude behavior
4	This place is a total hidden gem. The food is fantastic, and it's so cozy and intimate -- perfect for date night. The decor is beautiful, nice and dark with a big brick oven. The best thing on the menu is the prosciutto pizza - if you're into prosciutto, you're going to die over this pizza. Thin crust and perfect!
5	Wow i am blown away and amazing upset at the same time. Why am I so upset? Because I have lived literally next door to this place for 3+ years and have never been or even heard somebody mention it. Thank god for yelp though as I have found this beauty now.From the first bite to the last I was in heaven. A buddy and I started of with the basket of bread which comes with a tomato sauce. What the menu fails to mention may be the greatest part of this simple app and that is the addition of olive oil and balsamic vinegar to the top of the sauce which takes this to another level. I am not gonna lie but something may have moved in my pants on the first bite of this one. The sauce and bread are that good. the only problem was that there was not enough bread for all the sauce...but maybe that wasn't a problem.We also ordered the Prosciutto which also features fresh basil and mozzarella. The pizza did not fail to disappoint as it was a great blend of flavor on it it's own. But loving the sauce from the app as much as we did we applied a little extra drizzle on for a great dish. Also by pure accident some left over olive oil we had on our plates also enhanced the flavor as well (the oil they have on table is very good). A tip is to put a few drops on your plate and spread it before laying a slice down. I do have to say the crust wasn't super crisp but was still one of the best i have had in my life.I was disappointed to learn the only dessert was tiramisu as I am not a fan but not a deal breaker.The total was a very reasonable $33 for the pizza, app, and 2 drinks. I can't wait to go back.
5	Ok let's get this clear now yes I went back to this place less than 24 hours after my first visit. Yes I do have a problem and No I don't plan on seeking help.Anyway my friends who read my review and heard me talk about how good this place was friday night decided to go on saturday night...how could i not go? The 3 of us split the 4 season pizza and an Eggplant Parm pizza. Once again they were amazing. The 4 seasons was the star with the prosciutto  cheese and sauce covering the entire pizza and then 2 slices each covered with: tomato, olive, artichoke hearts or mushroom. The veggies were some of the freshest and most delicious I have had (i want to know where they get their tomatoes from). They also don't skimp on the toppings either as each slice had a full layer or two of the veggies especially the mushroom and artichoke. The eggplant was also amazing as the flavors worked just right and the eggplant was crispy yet not over cooked. My minor complaint of soft crust from my last review had vanished as both had perfectly crispy crusts.They also have some very good beers from Russia and Croatia they we enjoyed. Which led to some good conversation with our waitress who was very beer knowledgeable. This also led to a funny exchange where my friends said it was their first time there and i confessed i was back a second night in a row. She said she recognized me and asked if I was Jared...leading me to momentary panic as to why my name was already known and not sure what i did wrong (it's a reflex). Then she thanked me for my yelp review and i was able to breath a sigh of relief.The waitress accidentally opened 2 beers on the second round thinking both my friends had ordered ones but they didn't and before she got to the table she realized this but gave us the second one free. Also as a thank you for my yelp review, which they had read less than 24 hours after being posted and everybody knew about it, we were giving 3 complimentary shots of Grapa form the owner. A very nice gesture. Once again amazing place is fantastic and left my friends and I all raving how good it was and wanting more...we will probably be back this week.
4	Finally made it back and the pizza was how I originally remembered it.  Got 1/2 margarita and 1/2 with sausage and jalapenos (I can't remember the name).  Anyway, it was EXCELLENT and easily one of my favorite pizzas in the valley.  It could have been a BIT more crispy and not way overpriced but it was excellent nonetheless.  Last time the pizza was soggy but this time they totally redeemed themselves.  I hope to be back soon.Oh and the prosciutto wrapped asparagus was just eh.  The service was also pretty good/friendly for a Friday night but clearly overworked.
5	***************Hidden Gem Alert****************************So I totally don't want to review this place because it is a hidden gem. The food I tasted last night was great.  I started with prosciutto wrapped asparagus which was good had some balsamic and oil that they were sitting on to add to the flavor.  I mean anything wrapped with prosciutto or bacon is an A+ in my book.  On to the pizza Jared R. and I went.  We shared the Diavola pizza which was house made sausage, pepperoni, jalapenos, and crushed red pepper.  The pie is made in the brick oven that you can see which is cool.  It is a thin crust pie and the outside crust comes out nice and crispy.  I see a few write that they compare it to Bianco's and I would have to agree that it is on that elite level of pizza.  I had a couple glasses of Frenzy wine which was a Sav Blanc and very tasty.  The drink menu looks great lot's of items I wanted to try but on a Thursday night it was hard to consider them.  I will be back very often as pizza is my favorite and these guys do it right.  So make the trip and discover the great food they put out.
5	I continue to be amazed by this place. You can read my other reviews and Jesse J.'s for an in depth breakdown but i needed to add an update. The reason i needed to update was that I have now been 5 times in the last week and a half and its always as good and the service is amazing.I am a huge fan of places that make you feel like they appreciate your business well here they go above and beyond. I am now known by name to the staff and made to feel like its my home away from home. My friends and I keep coming back to try new pizzas and are never let down. The owner is a great guy who goes above and beyond and can be seen talking to everyone. For my friends and I he keeps giving us new shots to try and talk beer and liquor with us. The way they make you feel like your at your local bar or a family dinner is great and is the icing on the cake to amazing food. If you haven't tried this place you are doing yourself a major disservice.
4	Most of us only have so much time that we can sacrifice for food. If you have at least 4 hours that you can devote to pizza, go to Pizzeria Bianco. If you can't devote half your waking hours to dinner and are willing to give up bit of perfection, go to Classic Italian Pizza.Go with a group and share different pizzas to try out what they have. Each pizza will have its own partisans by the end of the nightThe crust could stand to be a bit crispier, the toppings a bit more assertive, the ambiance a bit more polished. But I walked out satisfied and with a whole evening left to enjoy.
5	lovely. absolutely lovely.ate here a few weeks ago with the hubby and a friend of ours. we'd just discovered it several days prior(despite the fact that we've been living 2 miles away for 2 1/2 years!).we sat outside, where the guys ordered a pizza(which they loved), and I had a salad with walnuts and cranberries, whilst enjoying a delicious Czech beer.in between conversation, sips of beer, and before our food arrived, we nommed on some great, warm rolls with a bit of soft butter; just the thing to whet the appetite.the ambiance was perfect--intimate, cozy(especially on a cool Autumn night), and quiet(despite being seated amongst several full tables--the conversation was a dim murmur). another plus? fantastic service.the prices were a bit on the high side, but definitely worth it--and definitely worth a return visit(or two) before we move next month.
4	3.75---my nephew and I went to eat. He loves pizza. Place was fairly busy, we were seated right away. Ordered a small pepperoni and the server recommended four seasons. Came out quicker than expected. The four seasons had prosciutto, tomato, black olives, artichokes, and mushrooms. It was 2 pieces with prosciutto-tomato, prosciutto-black olives, and so on. It was surprisingly good, two things though: place is pricey (40 for us two) and the crust was too soggy. It didn't hold the ingredients well but was very good otherwise. Would definitely give it another shot.
5	I love this place, simply just love it.   I have now been to this amazing restaurant 7 times and the last one was with a large party. The owner and staff are great  and always accommodating.Their knowledge of the products of which they serve is superb.   Now for the good part, the food and beer! Everything I have tried here is fantastic. The brick oven bread is a great appetizer, soft doughy bites that come with a marinara sauce that is to die for. Their prosciutto wrapped asparagus is phenomenal, granted anything with prosciutto is :p.  Last night I had the special which isn't on the menu but its up on the board in bright pink writing! This pizza is too good for words, I added a prosciutto base (shocking I know) and feta and the flavors from these just complemented this pizza.     Anyways enough rambling from me, about my favorite new pizza place.
5	This is the best pizza in Phoenix. No 2 hour wait like Bianco and good service. Great Ambiance. Must try the Italian soda :-)
2	If the Diavola pizza wasn't good, I would have only left 1 star. I arrived with my dinner guest for a Friday night dinner at 8:15p.  It took the server 5-10 minutes to acknowledge us, and she was unprofessional and awkward. Instead of a hello, or welcome, I was greeted with "do you want to order, or can I get you drinks"? When we ordered our pizza, and she continued to suggest that we order a salad because the pizza would take awhile, I should have known I'd be in for a long night. By the time our order was placed, it was 8:25.  Our appetizer (aglio olio-standard, not awesome) came in a timely fashion. After eating the bread, drinking my drink, and thinking to myself "huh, its been a while"...I glanced at the time. It was 9:10.  I proceeded to watch a man at another table raise his hand for service, and hold it up for nearly 3m. It was 9:30 by the time my pizza came. An hour to bring out a pizza is outrageous. You only have one opportunity to make a first impression Classic Italian, and you lost me as a customer.
3	So this review is only three stars but don't take this review as a poor rating.  CIP is a great place to come eat somewhat authentic neapolitan pizzas. Let me preface my review by saying that I have been spoiled by and incredible find in Paris, France, a place called Pizza Positano which I use as my measuring bar for all neapolitan pizzas and authentic fresh pasta.Back to my review, CIP makes an admirable rendition of a neapolitan pizza. I have been here twice and enjoyed my first visit more than my last. The second time my pizza was a little undercooked and the crust a little thick, but by comparison to other Phoenix options it is still far better choice. The prosciutto wrapped asparagus the first time was really good but this time it was terribly dry and overly salty. Finally, while the service was very friendly it was terribly slow.The location is unique. It is incredibly well hidden! That is good in that you have to know about it to find it which makes it special and only a local crowd favorite. But that hurts it in terms of exposure and awareness which I think the restaurant could also benefit from. The atmosphere is nice with the open kitchen and wood fired oven. The decor is appropriate and comfortable and I really appreciate the fact that the restaurant is owner run! That is always a plus.One negative was this last visit where I came for my birthday dinner with my family and father and brother who were visiting from out of town. There was a table inside large enough but the hostess didn't want to give us that table so we agreed to sit outside. When we asked for a heater to be turned on were were met with a bit of a grumpy attitude from the hostess and she stated that it was not that cold. Frankly, what the hostess thinks is not important and if I have family members that are a little chilly then just turn on the heaters thank you. Make the dining experience enjoyable for the customer. That is all. :-)
2	Shortly after sitting down at our table, my wife and I witnessed 3 other groups leave the restaurant after they viewed the menu, without ever placing an order.  My wife suggested that we do the same, but I coaxed her into giving the place a try.  Boy, was I ever wrong!The pizza comes in one size only, 12 inches; and they are all priced pretty high for a small pizza.  The waitress recommended ordering an appetizer since the pizza would not be enough food for two.  We ordered the dinner salad at a whopping $7.75, and the (small) italian sausage pizza at $15.75.  The weak instant iced tea was priced at $3.50.  If these prices seem just a little high, its because they are!Our server was actually quite friendly, and the decor and lighting of the restaurant is easy on the eyes and very comfortable.  However, the quality of the food was just......OK.  The dinner salad was tasty but lacking in variety of ingredients for the steep $7.75 price tag. The pizza toppings were of high quality, but the sauce was pretty much non-existent.  The thin sliced sausage was alright, but not spectacular.  Wood fired pizza normally has a fairly firm thin crust, but ours was completely soggy. I guess we have been spoiled by pizza restaurants with much better value for the price.
4	This place is delicious. I have been twice with my girlfriend and will defiantly be back. The service is consistently good. The food is made with high quality ingredients and cooked in a wood burning oven. They also have a unique beer selection! It can be tough to find though. It is tucked in the back corner of a shopping center. They do have a small patio that is nice in the spring and fall.
4	Overall, the pizza was excellent compared to 99% of other pizza places.  However, the exception would be Pizzeria Bianco.  Unfortunately for myself and my GF, we went to Pizzeria Bianco first when we moved to Phoenix, and ever since cant help but compare every other pizza place to Bianco's.  This is a pickle.  CIP was downgraded one star because the prices are just too high for the taste, at least with Bianco's not far away.  A plus however, is the quick seating (again when compared to Bianco's!)  We were seated as soon as we arrived, although on the patio, and reservations are recommended.  But if you are unaware, Bianco's can take up to 4 hrs to get a table at!  So, if you want the second best pizza (so far) we have tried in the PHX area, try CIP, especially if you don't want to wait too long.  But Bianco's Rosa is still the best!!
1	Rude waitress dry pizza, "must order beer and wine to make pizza taste better". Yea, she literally aid that after we were getting our check and she asked how it was. We said "decent I suppose" not wanting to be rude.Oh well. This place is overpriced and not very good.
4	CIP is in our neighborhood, yet we didn't go for 4 years. I wish we had found it sooner! We had a classic cheese pie. While we thought it was great, we asked for "well done" but it was still a little under. We also had to wait 45 minutes to get it. The taste is still pretty authentic, but the prices are a little high for the size pie you get. We'll go back. It's definitely the best pizza place in close proximity. However, if we're in the area or are willing to drive, Crust's cheese pie is the best in the Valley and you get more for your money.
4	We tried Classic Italian Pizza for dinner last night.  We shared an appetizer of Aglio Olio and got two pies.  The appetizer was really good-the dipping oil is pumpkin seed oil based and has fresh minced garlic and a little fresh jalapeno for a bit of zing.  We could all use a bit of zing infused in our days, don't you think?I ordered the prosciutto pizza with kalamata added.  It was so good that after we got the check and my leftovers were boxed up I opened the box and grabbed another slice to scarf while I waited for the server to return.The four slices that made it home didn't even make it to see the next morning ;-(
3	We decided to visit C.I.P. because Phoenix magazine compared them to Pizzeria Bianco and gave them a better review than Bianco.... Humm...The restaurant sits in the corner of a run down strip mall. The inside was very nice though and we were greeted promptly. They have the big wood fire over like bianco but the place isn't nearly as big. We took seats at the bar and ordered some wine. The menu was small and nothing really jumped out at me as "unique".... Pretty standard. I ordered the margarita with the basil (u have to ask for it) and my boyfriend had a calzone. The crust was nice on the pizza crunchy yet soft... But as for the rest of the pizza... Meh... It definitely did not have enough sauce and the cheese was not fresh (UNlike Bianco) it was pretty average tasting to me. As for the calzone we pretty much ran into the same issues... Ricotta wasn't fresh nor was the mozzarella the sauce for it came out cold... Nothing spectacular. This place is worth trying and does have an intimate setting for a weekday visit. Our server was very nice and I did like the  place... Would I compare it to pizzeria bianco? Absolutely not. Besides Cibo is still the best pizza I've ever had in Phx.
4	LOVE Classic Italian Pizza. I don't ever really crave pizza, but this is fantastic. My fave is the Sole Mio, which has ham, mushrooms, and a fried egg. It's not on the menu anymore, but they will make it if you ask for it.Great service, prompt and friendly. Warm, comfortable restaurant. Great place for a date with someone you have been dating for a while. The only complaint would be the salads. They aren't terrible, but they aren't amazing either. If you're looking for an appetizer, the Brick Oven Bread or the proscuitto wrapped asparagus is a better option.
4	Nice, hole in the wall kind of pizza place, family owned, reasonable prices.  Very busy when we were there, we were traveling in the area and only found this place because of Groupon.  We were glad that we did, it sure looks like many of the locals frequent this place regularly.  Probably a good idea to make a reservation before you go.
4	I love coming here late on a Saturday night for pizza. The location is great, food yummy, and the staff is friendly. I like coming here for happy hour and sitting outside.
4	Ok, so this week the BF and I decided to do a little comparison. We ate at Classic Italian Pizza on Tues. night, as we had a Groupon (yay!), and then went to Pizzeria Bianco on Wed night. We got to this restaurant a bit late (9 pm) and it was pretty empty, just one other table who were finishing up. I ordered a red sangria, which was very good, and the bf got a good beer that was Croatian... interesting. We decided to get two pizzas, a margherita pizza and a garlic and basil pizza because we couldn't compromise on any of the more fancy pizzas, but did agree that we wanted to try something with sauce and something without. They were both alright, but not as good as I expected from the reviews. The margherita was a little disappointing because it was just like a cheese pizza.... I expect the margherita to have islands of mozz and sliced tomatoes... this was just like a plain cheese pizza. It still tasted fine. The garlic was better, in my opinion. It was very garlicky and the cheese was tasty. We finished with the tiramisu which was good, but again, not the best I've ever had. (I guess better than Bianco, since they don't even have that as an option...) The tiramisu was melty and you could really taste the alcohol which was good at first, but a bit too strong as we got to the end of the dessert. So overall, sorry guys, I gotta say Bianco was better.... but this is a great alternative if you don't want to wait for hours and or are in mesa. I will actually be more likely to return here than Bianco because of the wait and my location....
4	Being obsessed with Eggplant, I decided to try the Eggplant Parmesan Pizza. I also love asparagus, so I tried the asparagus and prosciutto.Both were AWESOME.I don't know if I'd personally compare it to Pizzeria Bianco... there are just too many differences with the crust.However, it was way better than any normal pizzeria in Arizona. Although it is a little pricey for my taste... I'd still fully recommend it. The pizza itself was very tactfully done for being an eggplant pizza. The eggplant was cut to perfection and placed nicely on the pizza. The eggplant wasn't too thick like I've had at other places... which made it easy to eat, the way pizza is supposed to be. And, on top of it all, it was delicious.My order came with some bread squares as well, I'm sure it is complimentary since I didn't order it. Although these bread squares didn't come with marinara, they were still warm and fantastic. Oh, and then I got the asparagus and prosciutto. Man, that was amazing. The balsamic vinegar made the two a delicious combination.It seemed like a quaint place, I wouldn't call it large or small. I went around 7pm on a Monday. The bar was completely full but only one or two tables were taken. It leads me to believe they have a pretty good alcohol selection, but I didn't take a look so therefore I am only making an assumption.This is a really good place for a first date. It is so much more delicious than oregano's. Oh, and the brick oven makes the taste of this scrumptious pizza and bread.
4	Excellent service, salad was okay (ordered the gourmet salad...a little uninspired), the bread sticks were fabulous and the pizza (ordered the Diavolo) was awesome.  I love that style of crust, thin with just a little bit of tooth, and the sauce to cheese ratio was on target.  Great vibe and makes you feel like you found a hidden gem.
4	I had my first dining experience at Classic Italian. Prior to last night, I always had carry out since I lived around the corner.We ordered the gourmet salad and we all thought the miso dressing just didn't go with this salad. That was the opinion of all 3 of us at the table.The real reason we went here is for the pizza. Of course, we weren't disappointed. The Toscana was awesome! I ate almost the entire pizza myself. The salami, olives, cheese and crust were perfect!The basil/garlic/cheese (can't recall the name) was also very good. The service was okay. After the pizza arrived, we didn't see the server again to refill our water. The place wasn't very busy, with just a few tables full. Want a good homemade, fresh pizza, look no further than Classic Italian!
5	This is one of those hidden pizza places with some of the best pizza.  It is very under rated and very good.  It is worth a visit.  Don't be distracted by the weird crappy location of the backside of the retail strip mall.  It is worth it.
4	I haven't been to pizzeria bianco, but i have been to grimaldis. classic italian pizza is definitely comparable or better than grimaldis.  5 stars for the brick oven bread app!!
2	We were very disappointed with this place. We drove over to Tempe, to a blasted out, deserted shopping center that looked like it closed due to a depression, and there it was in the corner, still open while everything around it was closed. It's a nice little spot inside, comfortable enough.This is another one of those places that thrives on the Groupon phenomenon. Prices are jacked up to accommodate a discount. I bought a $6.50 bottle of beer (as one example). My pizza, a sausage pie, came out burned. I know that a good pizza has a "flame kissed" look to it, even at top places like Bianco's. But this pie was flame-licked, and there's a difference. I tasted charcoal more than I did sausage. The folded and stuffed Calzone was not burned, but neither was it stuffed so full that it's busting its seams which is the way we like it. Lots of air inside this Calzone. I'lll take the dramatically less expensive Calzone at Mama Mia's on Indian School any day over this hot-air filled version.The service was good, with a very friendly waitress helping us out. She should have noticed the burnt pie, however. If they reduce the inflated Groupon prices, I'd go back when they bring in some reasonable draft beer and start putting more care into their preparation of the food.
5	I had been reading about the best places to get pizza around town and this spot was on my list. Entered the restaurant at dinner time it was pretty empty... The staff really friendly and helpful I ordered a beer off a list of beer I have never had before I went with a Karlovacko it's the house lager I really enjoyed it had to order another. When it came time to order started with the Asparagus & Prosciutto (Asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and baked in our brick oven). A+ really good Italian Sausage (Homemade pork sausage, wood roasted mushrooms, onions, green peppers, fresh mozzarella and tomato sauce). A++ You know something is good when each bit you say out loud wow this is good pizza. I will be back to this spot for sure lots I want to order still.
3	After living in the neighborhood for almost 10 years and seeing this place daily on my way to work I just never felt compelled to stop in. In the past I had received mixed reviews from friends and checking out the menu there just wasn't an overt draw for me. Then the Groupon showed up... OK that and I do love to support a local mom and pop place... My nephew and I dined there this evening. Our meal included: A raspberry Italian soda for him, water for me. For an appetizer we shared the Mediterranean Mix (Olives and Feta) with fresh baked bread (Yummy!) I am convinced that there must be some type of additive that makes this bread addictive! The Olives and Feta were good... but just that olives and feta.. I guess I expected more of a tapenade... this was more of a split plate of olives with pits on one side and feta on the other. I also ordered the dinner salad... it was OK but not worth the $7.75 and the house dressing was no bueno! Oily mess! Stuck with the balsamic vinegar that was already on the table. We shared a pizza. Figured we would keep it simple. Ordered the Margarita with 1/2 Italian Sausage. Margarita for me, sausage for him. The waitress (Tomi) asked if we would like fresh basil on it... ABSOLUTELY! Apparently our order was a source of confusion since when the pizza came out it had onion, peppers, mushrooms and sausage on it... My nephew is not a fan! We explained this to our waitress that we did not believe that this was our pizza and she seemed extremely put out... I explained again that we wanted 1/2 cheese and 1/2 Italian sausage. She took it back to the pizza cook who quite loudly told the waitress that it was not the order that she wrote down. She did come back and explained that apparently there is a pizza on there menu that is specifically called the Italian sausage that comes with all the other stuff and apologized for the mix up. Oh well, no worries... So the second pizza came and this time was closer but still not quite right... No fresh basil... Now that I think about it neither one had the fresh basil on it. Why offer it if you are not going to write it down??? Pizza was mediocre... Definitely had better. My nephew said that the Italian sausage (apparently made in house) was really good and he seemed to enjoy it. Margarita pizza is just a plain cheese pizza... nothing special, nothing fancy. The crust was good though. We ended the dinner with a shared slice of the tiramisu. It was good... definitely could tell that it was made in house. My nephew really enjoyed it and stated that it was the best he has had so far. Total bill... Just under $43.00. I would go back but not sure that I would recommend it or would rush back.
3	Great pizza with fresh ingredients.  But no wood-oven taste as they claimed and the prices are a little on the high side for freshly made pizza.Great service from our server, kind of made up for an overpriced appetizer of olive oil and bread.
4	First a couple of disclaimers, once again I'm not an expert - I know what I like and don't like, and I haven't studied in Italy like an Olive Garden chef (hehehe).  And I haven't been to the all-hailed PB's because I'd probably rip every hair individually out of my arms waiting for 2-3 hours....I just would.I was introduced to the place on a 1st date and I was definitely paying more attention to my date, but I remember really enjoying the vegetarian pizza and the atmosphere.  And getting lucky later, also 4 out of 5 stars.  Not being nearby I didn't make it back soon enough, although i wanted to.  So I was happy to snag the Groupon for a special night with friends.With early reservations we got there just before it started filling up and started with the antipasto, some tasty cheeses and meats - really liked the red pepper puree.  We all enjoyed some wine and ordered the spinach and a special, essentially ham with diced red pepper.  The pizza's arrived in a timely manner, looked and smelled great and everyone agreed - that's good pizza.  No triple meat triple cheese cheese stuffed crust dipping sauce greasy gooey basterdized American junk.  CI is none of that - it has a tasty, thin, crisp crust, quality ingredients, nice cheeses, not too much of anything, just enough of everything.  Yes its a little on the pricy side, but I'll pay $16 for a delectable pie over $8 for a heap o'crap one any day of the week.  The service was good and we noticed a few tables of repeaters there, I believe the chef/owner strolling around chatting with them.  I like that too.
4	Went here a year ago trying to finder best pizza. It was very good we got there bread sampler with meats and cheese it was great. Pizza was thin which I liked.
1	Sat down and first thing I notices was price. Embarrassed to walk out I gave it a try to see If any good. Ordered a margarita pizza for it was cheapest. What I got was a cheese sprinkled with basil and that was it.  I questioned that this was not a margarita and all the said was this is the way they make it.  Should change name on menu. At any rate the pizza was plain and a little dry.  Also there was no wood oven taste.  Overall we paid before tip $35 for a 12 inch pepperoni and a 12 inch margarita. Two cokes cost $7.  Not worth it and was not very good.Wil
5	I love Classic Italian Pizza. Their pizza is consistently good. Every time the crust is crispy and never soggy. The pizza always tastes fresh and delicious so I love going to eat there. I also love that this place is never too crowded. Their tiramisu is also delicious. It is a hidden gem. Tonight I went to Grimaldi's and their pizzas were definitely not comparable. Grimaldi's was heavy and soggy. It felt like I had eaten a brick after leaving, much too heavy. I will continue to frequent Classic Italian and probably avoid Grimaldi's for a while.
5	I always forget to go to Tempes hidden Gem.  I love this place great wine very nice atmosphere.  The pizza are made right in front of you if you are sitting at the bar, fired up in a Brick oven. Great food will continue to go again and again...
1	the worst pizza ever. pizza dough isnt supposed to taste like Wonder bread, all doughy & sweet.  This place is an insult to Italian pizza.  These people arent even Italian. Just SAD.
5	Holy majolies! Classic Italian Pizza is fantastico! I love it when, after living here most of my life, I discover a new-to-me gem that is tucked away in a strip mall. This one, particularly, is my favorite find yet this year!I love a crispy thin crust brick-oven baked pizza. I am on the lookout for fresh products and the Sicilian style and I find this positively authentic! I showed this place my "O" face (as in oh my goodness)!! My friend and I walked in later on a Thursday night and found only a few tables occupied, so we stole a table on the patio (where they have heaters available) and ordered Tuscan vino de Montepulciano. I am impressed with the selections they have. We were told that there is no extra charge to do half and half pizza selections, so we chose wisely: One all white pizza split with the Basil and Garlic on one side and the Four Cheeses on the other. Next, we chose half Diavola (with fresh Italian sausage and red peppers) and the other half Prosciutto with basil trimmings. I fully expected to be blown away by the Prosciutto and Diavola, which were fresh, and delicious and everything I hoped for-- HOWEVER, stop the presses! The four cheeses snuck up and stole the show! I can't even believe how tasty this pizza was. When my friend suggested it, I think I even made a disappointed face. No, this pizza is one of the most flavorful, savory and tasty pizzas I have sincerely ever had and my friend and I fought over the crumbs. In relation to The Parlor and Pizzeria Bianco, I think those places are quality with fantastic locations and trendy atmospheres, which adds to their wait times and buzz. This place deserves no less ranting and raving, despite its traditional pizza joint atmosphere and strip mall location. It is worth it!
3	Not too impressed with the food, luckily we were with great friends so we had a fun time.
2	Yelp Mobile App...you have steered me toward better dining opportunities.On searching out the location, we were not impressed with the location...located in the corner of a nearly dead strip mall...we thought this was the hidden gem in the Tempe italian world.  We were somewhat embarassed after we ordered, especially with friends from Milan in our party.On pulling up to the restaurant, we walked in and waited at the 'seating stand'.  The waitress came after about 5 minutes (she was working to deliver orders to the folks at tables), asking how many were dining and where we would like to sit.  We let her know we were ordering to go, and she motioned us to the bar.On arriving at the bar and not sitting, we were asked if we were ordering to go or to eat in.  We let the person requesting our order know that we would be ordering to go.  She brought up her pen and order pad and asked what we would order.  We ordered a mushroom/pepperoni/sausage pie sufficient for 4.  Waitress asked if we would wait for our order, and when we said we would go to Big Lots in the same mall, she said we would wait 35-40 minutes for our order.  We walked out and down to Big Lots, finding a few items we could not pass up.  Leaving Big Lots at 30 minutes after we placed our order, we proceeded to put our purchases in the vehicle and headed back to the restaurant to pick up dinner.  When we arrived, the waitress advised we were early, and would we like a beer or glass of wine while we waited.  We declined and stood waiting for the pizza we ordered.What was delivered 10 minutes later was a 12-inch pie.  While we anticipated a pizza that was sufficiently loaded to take care of 4 people dining, we were sadly disappointed.  We took the pizza we ordered and drove a mile to the homestead.  When we arrived and opened the box, we were all underwhelmed at the toppings.  There were 2 strips of sausage, 5 pepperoni slices and 5 mushroom slices.  While I was reminded that we should have opened the box at the restaurant, I replied that we should give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt.  Was I mistaken?  ABSOLUTELY!  Being hungry, I resisted the normal 'check it out before leaving' concept. $19.25 for a 12" pizza with such minimal toppings, I was directed to return to the restaurant with the insufficient pizza.  On arriving back at the restaurant, I was told that since I left before lodging my dissatisfaction, nothing would be done about the order I placed, as I might have "peeled toppings off to express my dissatisfaction". If you want to spend too much money for a pizza, this is the place to go.
5	Are you tired of hearing all the hype or getting stuck in line at Pizzeria Bianco?  If so, seek out this hidden gem in Tempe.  The pizza is incredible and are easily some of the best pies in the Valley...oh...and you won't be starving from a 3 hour wait.  Bianco is one of those places you take out-of-towners to ooohh and ahhh at maybe once every year or two...Classic Italian Pizza is the place you keep going back to over and over!
1	I teetered between 1 and 2 stars...I'm not sure what turned me off more: the guy (the cook, the owner? one in the same) who greeted me at the door in a white tee-shirt and sprouting chest hair (ala Simon Cowell, but decidedly NOT the pec-proud Idol Judge), the wobbly chair I was worried might break at any second, or the fact that it took more than 10 minutes to receive our drinks!Not a good start, to say the least.The pizza my friend ordered (the "Greek") was cold and "uninspired" and my calzone's crust was equally cold and bland--absolutely NO FLAVOR to the crust that supposedly cooks in a wood-fired oven, No burn marks, no crispness, nothing even approaching my favorite calzone from Cibo or Bianco in Downtown Phoenix.Unfortunately, the prices were as high as those other establishments, which seals the coffin on this place for me. Put it in the ground and bury it!
1	Not what I expected at all. All the reviews say it's amazing, better than Bianco's, blah blah. Not really that good. I mean it was barely edible. I had the marg. pizza. Nope sorry! It was just a cheese pizza really and super small with some improperly cut basil over the top. The crust was pathetic. Typical all purpose flour used, no flavor, not crusty and chewy, too much extra flour on it which made it dry. Mix between Weber White bread and a bagel. Very compact crust. Heavy!!!! YUK! The Cheese on the pizza was not bad. I feel he did not cook it long enough for my taste. Looked like a pizza from wherever. I also had a salad and the lettuce was cut so big it was ridiculous. I won't be going back. Plus their beer selection sucks. I guess Polish beer for the Polish owner. Seriously though, Polish beer in an Italian Pizza joint? What the cuss? $31 for a pizza that tasted like a step down from Trader joes Frozen pizza (actually that is better), salad that I could have made at home for .43 cents and polish beer. Go fuck yourself Classic!!!
5	One of my favorite pizza places.  The location is understated as it is in a strip mall but it is not a reflection of the quality of food or atmosphere inside.  Great wood fired pizza and wine list.  Its a great place for a casual dinner with family or friends.
4	Very cute little neighborhood pizzaria.  Pizza is a bit pricey, but very tasty.  Definately on par with Pizzaria Bianco in terms of good woodfire pizza.  Then again I wasn't super impressed with them.
4	This is some fantastic pizza. The quality of cheese and sauce is exceptional, and the crust is pretty much spot-on. We get the four cheese, subbing in red sauce, and oh man is it a treat.Service here is always unflinchingly polite and fast and overall awesome.I only have a couple gripes, and they're extremely minor: For one, they can't come up with a way of providing me an extra side of red sauce without basically making it a bread appetizer order for an extra $5 or so. Not a huge deal, but not a great way to handle that, and I love to dip the pizza slices in the sauce. Two, their regular black iced tea situation is not one I'm fond of. I think it's unsweetened fountain iced tea which I'm not crazy about. It's made worse by the fact that I keep forgetting and keep ordering it. Three, it's just a bit pricey, but this could be primarily because I'm tacking on a bread appetizer every time. Overall, a single pizza is plenty for me and the girl.And oh the pizza. The four cheese is just heaven. Some of the best ricotta I've had, mixed lovingly with a few others, including a mean mozzarella. Everything going on with the pizza is just fantastic. The appetizers are great too. (It should be noted that, at least the four cheese pizza does NOT keep at all: the cheeses are too liquidy/fresh to store for any period of time, so keep that in mind and devour the whole thing. It won't be a problem.)Overall this is a great find with a cute interior in a weird location. They're apparently moving when Big Lots finishes their move so we'll see how that goes but we keep coming back and they keep bringing the goods.
4	Tucked within the defunct shopping center that used to house Big Lots and Pure Fitness, Classic Italian Pizza is one of the last bastions of shopping civilization this center will ever hold.  According to the staff, this center will be demolished, so they are moving at the end of the summer to the QT/New Big Lots area close by.When we entered we were greeted warmly by one of the waitresses and were promptly seated.  We ordered the garlic dipping oil to start with ($7.95), which came with small freshly baked bread pieces, a generous amount of pumpkin seed oil with freshly chopped garlic and jalapeno.  Although the pumpkin seed oil had a nice, nutty flavor, and the garlic and jalapeno were fresh, it tasted bland as a whole.  What I would recommend is to add salt, pepper, and Parmesan from the shakers to the dip and it will taste 10 times better!We ordered the Four Seasons, which came out in a unique presentation.  The whole pizza is covered with prosciutto, but then each 1/4 of the pizza has a different vegetable covering it, to represent each season (Artichoke, olive, tomato, and mushroom).  You can also order all the ingredients mixed in equally on the pizza if you wish, but we decided to go with what the restaurant recommended, and we were glad we did!  It was nice to have a different ingredient on each slice I ate.  It made me feel like I was eating 4 different pizzas.  The crust was initially crisp, but the center does get bogged down and a little soggy as the more watery ingredients start to infuse into the crust, but it doesn't detract from the taste too much.  Although it was a bit pricey ($17.95), the ingredients were high quality and there was a healthy amount of ingredient on each part of the pizza.  I also ordered the red sangria, which was smooth, and fruity from the addition of orange juice to the wine and brandy.  Minus some points for using generic canned fruit cocktail instead of fresh fruit in the sangria glass, especially if I'm paying $8.95 for it!Service was very friendly.  If I'm in the mood for more artisan type pizza, this is the place to go!
5	Great pizza. In Phoenix for business and decided to try this place. Tough shopping center to be in with everything closed, but you need to try it. I had the Diavolo pizza, great and spicy!
5	This is our favorite pizza place! It's Tempe's best kept secret! Make a reservation because they are sure to be busy on Friday and Saturday nights. The four meat pizza is amazing! The sausage in made by the chef/owner and it's delicious. We bring all of our friends here and they all can't wait to return.
4	We were surprised to find a busy restaurant tucked in this huge, desolate shopping center. We were greeted quickly with a smiling face of our server, who was attentive and just the right amount chatty. Homey ambiance.We ordered drinks at the bar while we waited for our to-go order. During that time, we saw a man who appeared to be the manager, be RUDE to his staff. We found him extremely distasteful and I'm not sure his face knows how to smile. He began to give the server who was busy with a full restaurant, a hard time about people at the bar not being helped. They looked happy to us! Finally, the food. The food was really good. I would say it is a little pricey for the size and amount, but worth it. My daughter who is really picky ate 4 pieces. We ordered the Prosciutto Pizza, good but salty as Prosciutto is a salty meat. The cheese pizza was perfect!
1	I'm sorry but this pizza is not worth $15....plain and simple. Go spend your money somewhere else.
5	Wonderful service, wonderful atmosphere, wonderful food.I've seen the sign so many times but never had a reason to go. It's so close to my apartment so my neighbor and I went on a random Wednesday night. Classic Italian Pizza is tucked away in the back of an old shopping center. It's cozy inside with huge amoirs of wine in the corner, a large brick backdrop behind the bar and plenty of intimate seating for all sizes of groups. The patio is vacant so we sat there.Orded the Reisling (so good!), the asparugous & prosuctoo and the Greek pizza. Our watiress was so kind and gave us lots of suggestions. She checked up on us and seemed genuinely interested in making sure we were enjoying ourselves.Everything we ate was MAGICAL. It was orgasmic good.I cannot wait to go back here.
4	I really like this spot for pie.   Not a big space and the atmosphere is just ok.   The pies are not cheap and not huge but they are made with quality ingredients.   Personal favorite is the solo misto with the smokey ham and egg.  We LOVE egg on are pizza and add it to the other ones too.  Last night we tried the Greek pie.  I wasn't a fan but my son and husband really liked it.   I'm not a huge fan of white pies.   They have a better then decent wine list for a small joint.   This place is sort of hidden in a strip mall.  It is worth seeking it out.
4	We have been going to classic since it opened. Always great friendly service and always tasty food. Good beer and wine selections. Bread app with tomato sauce is relish. Fave pizzas are four cheese, four seasons and the salami/olive. Four seasons can get a bit soggy due to tomato but otherwise tasty. Four cheese is our fave. Save room for tiramisu...the best around.Shopping center being torn down so classic is moving. Not sure where yet but they promise nearby and they'll keep all of us fans posted via Facebook.
4	I read some reviews for the best pizza in AZ, and stumbled across this place, which is the closest to home.  My friend and I decided to man-date it here one night.  Got there right at the dinner rush to see this place severely under staffed.  I guess a bunch of the wait staff had called in.  We were seated promptly despite this and ordered up some of the venerated bread appetizer.  The bread was really good, i don't know if it warranted all the praise it gets but... its some pretty good bread.  I ordered the prosciutto pie and my friend ordered an eggplant parm pie (no idea how we are still friends).  They do have an interesting beer list, mostly international brews, but very good.  The prosciutto pizza was amazing; light, thin crispy.  Even the Eggplant Parmesan pizza was really good (Side Note: Eggplant Parm pizza was not good as a leftover. The eggplant turned into rubbery tires, not a problem from the restaurant, just a tip.)  Overall: great pizza, pretty good appetizers, good service.  But its pretty pricey.
5	What a great hidden gem! My boyfriend and I came here last night for the first time after reading so wonderful yelp reviews and now I can see why! This place is beautiful, quaint, comfy, and friendly. We ordered an appetizer of positutto asparagus. Yum! It was cooked to perfection. The asparagus was soft and flavorful and it was wrapped inside the positutto and serves on top of olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. We also ordered the spicy Italian pizza and it was melt in your mouth delicious. The flavors were fresh and everything tasted as if it had been prepared that day, no frozen produce or meat here. We sat at the bar and watched out pizza while it cooked in the brick fire oven. This place is definitely with checking out. I like this place better and pizzeria Bianco!
5	UPDATE: CIP had to close their location off Baseline early 2013 but it sounds like they will be reopening the Fall of 2013 in the SW corner of Guadalupe and McClintock! Love this restaurant! Pizza is wonderful (our favorite is the proscuitto and basil), great wine selection, great staff, and cozy atmosphere. My husband and I always take our out-of-town guests here. Tip as of 2/19/2013: They are not open! I called to make a reservation for my extended family, but the line was disconnected. The website claimed they would be open during construction, but they were completely closed. We had to order take-out pizza - definitely not the same!! I hope they come back!
3	This old house-turned pizzeria is cute. Though kind of cluttered. The service was very good, though not worth  the mandatory 24% gratuity (we had 10 in our party hence the mandatory gratuity) The pizza was good. Good not great... Not average, just not 'wow'. There are so many boutique pizza joints in the valley, and they are all good, I just didn't find anything unique about Cibo's besides the complex Italian naming scheme. We had a big group and they packed us in to a back room with another large group... That's fine, but the acoustics are horrible and it was very hard to hear or carry on a conversation. Regardless, I'll go back, even if only for a glass of wine and dessert but wait until the fall to enjoy their big outdoor dining area.
5	When to the new location probably the best restraint in S. Tempe
