4	Surprisingly good Korean food in Las Vegas. Don't get me wrong, this won't give any LA spots a run for their money but they do alright here.The kalbi marinade is pretty good. Every time I come here the people I bring are surprised that it's pretty decent. None of my friends ever walk in here with any expectations what so ever. If you're gonna eat meat here get ready to bend over and take it in the wallet. They nickel and dime you like you would not believe. The inn keeper from Les Misrables? Yes, he is alive and kicking and has taken the form of Korean restauranteur. Pay for lettuce, kimchee, soup, garlic, peppers, and 10% for looking the mirror twice.The kicker is the chick-nengmyun. This is cold, black, buckwheat noodle in a sweet and slightly spicy cold broth that is not all that common and oh so delicious. This place is open 24 hours so you'll find many a drunk Korean young man here around 3 or 4 am... not that I know anything about that...
3	The food is pretty good...it will definitely satisfy a late night craving for Korean food. But it's way over-priced....Korean food is already expensive...but I guess it's because it's on the strip.I would come again because it's conveniently located on the strip and it's open 24 hours.
4	Ginseng BBQ was recommended by a few friends so we stopped by for dinner. From the Vegas Strip, it isn't obvious where it is, at least for anyone who can't read Korean! (Their name is visible in Korean on the shopping center sign I believe.)It's a spacious venue, and I saw a decent crowd of Koreans serving AND dining, always a good sign.We opted for BBQ. Our kalbi's marinade was spicy spicy spicy! The banchan plates were good, too (mmmmmm kimchi). Surprisingly, this restaurant charges for lettuce. (Yes, lettuce. I've never seen that before! A friend actually ordered the lettuce... high-roller!)Service was fine, the servers even cooked the meat we ordered on our table grills. (My friend won a LOT of money and the servers got excited when he showed us his high-value chips, even coming around to the table more often, hah!)Despite the high prices for meat (and, c'mon, lettuce?), good service, and delicious meats, this is a great place for Korean BBQ, late night or otherwise. Recommended!
4	A total find in a sketchy side street off the Las Vegas Strip.We passed by a huge marquee advertising Ginseng Korean BBQ in both English and Korean several times. We couldn't believe there could be a good Korean restaurant there. But after hearing good things from a friend, and unable to ignore our intense cravings for spicy Korean soup, we decided to give it a shot.Ginseng Korean BBQ is located past the Fatburger on a small street off the Strip. As soon as I entered, I felt like this was going to be the real deal. Everyone in the restaurant was Korean, as were all of the servers and the manager.  We were seated and given menus. Yes, the prices are more expensive than the average Korean restaurant. But this is the Vegas Strip, what do you expect?I ordered the yukae jang (spicy beef and vegetable soup), my fiance got his usual soondubu (soft tofu stew extra extra spicy), and we ordered an appetizer of jap chae (sweet potato flour cellophane noodles stir-fried with beef and vegetables). The jap chae was hot and flavorful and totally hit the spot. The side dishes that came out were authentic, fresh, and delicious. The kimchee was very good.I had a bite of soondubu and it was so good. My yukae jang was excellent - piping hot, spicy, and perfectly seasoned with plenty of shredded beef, a little egg, vegetables, and cellophane noodles. I was in heaven.It was a refreshing change to have quality Korean food after eating so many rich Western meals. This place is great.
3	1. on the strip,2. cheap enough, depending on how much you lost at the casino.3. great food but the bahn chan is kinda weak.i gave this place only three stars because the service was terrible and the bahn chan was so weak. they didn't even have potato salad. wtf?! all the kimchi was so raw. eww! gross!
1	This place is what I deem to be the biggest rip off in Las Vegas. The banchan (side dishes) is sparse and the meat ordered on a per person portion basis is WEAK and highly overpriced. Don't order the kimchi jjigae (stew). It's a small bowl that's watery and tasteless. This place is a waste of time and money.
3	This is the only Korean BBQ place on the strip. Expect to pay typical Las Vegas strip prices and get small portions. I took our staff of six here and spend about $250 before tip. The side dishes are pretty small but the Kalbi sauce is one of my favorites I have ever tasted. We got a green onion pancake which everyone enjoyed but I was sad they had no kimchi pancake option. We normally wind up here because when in Las Vegas we are working events until very late and this place is 24 hours. They have a great funny staff normally in the after hours who I think like making fun of my butchering of Korean when I talk to them. I have a blast though. I have heard some places near the strip are good but this is our go to spot in Vegas, just except to open up your pocketbook. The meat is pretty top notch here with all that being said as well, especially the Kalbi beef.
4	After eating our fair share of buffets and over priced Vegas food, the babe and I decided to curb our craving for Asian food and go to Ginseng Korean BBQ.  The babe had been here before so it wasn't a blind adventure.  Plus lady luck was not on our side at Caesar's so it was a good chance to escape the temptation to contribute even more to the local economy.  The place is located in the back of a shopping center on the strip across from Monte Carlo.  The place is decorated in typical Korean BBQ style.We wasted no time and placed our order for mandu and two orders of kalbi.  The panchan was average but the mandu was great!  Not too much kimchi inside and the right blend of ingredients....yum!  We probably could have done with one order of kalbi but nevertheless the meat was tasty, marbled, and marinated pretty well.  Overall, a decent place and a surprise find in Vegas.  It's not as good as K-town in LA but it's a good place to go if you are craving some Korean food.  Service was great and we left the place with our appetites satisfied and only $70 less in our pockets...which is probably equivalent to the babe's one round of blackjack...
4	We were walking on that area of the strip, looking for something asian, when we realize we needed something quick before our show. Then we found this place, kind of hidden. Okay price, but quite tasteful, plus, much quicker than a regular buffet place. They have the option to prepare the BBQ in the kitcken, good for lazy people like me, and who wants the meat done properly. So we were very satisfied. I think we'll visit here again next time.
5	The bulgogi and galbi are awesome!  I love the side dishes as well, the kimchi tasted just right.  Service is great, and price is good, especially for locals because we get 20% off.
3	First of all, this is place is oddly placed behind a Walgreens store right off the strip and we didn't even plan on coming here. It just so happened I ran into it since me and my family were at Walgreens. It was appealing to me because I had not seen any other Korean BBQ spot around town so we decided to stop in for some dinner. THE PRICES HERE WERE RIDICULOUS! i mean ouch, $35 something for a small plate of bulgogi..!!! but besides the location and price being horrible, the food was decent and they served us some delicious sides. I definitely wouldn't come back here tho since you could hit the vegas buffets for much less $$$.
4	This is my one Korean stop in Vegas.  You'll get tired of the Vegas buffets  and you'll need this for the drive or flight home.Oh, the food is great, but like the black jack tables, it will take a good chuck of your paycheck.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!i always eat here whenever i go to vegas... i order my two favorites!! (cha dohl bae gi & sam gyup sahl)~  it feeds more than enough for 2.. and if your all skinny even three~ kekekthe service is great. the foods great. why wouldnt you come here? and if they really like you.. they give you cchi gae for service~~~ :) overall... i rate this place with 10 stars!
5	This place is the total bomb. I never miss out on coming here on my Vegas visits, and it's been 5 times already. Love their Gal-Bi (short rib beef) and the cold noodles. You guys got to give this place a try when you're tired of eating the nonstop buffets.
4	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 5Did you say they have a 24 hour open Korean spot?*droolI was drunk and hungry. I wanted meat. I ate here. And it was good. I had spicy grilled pork. I liked it a lot. The chop chae was good too. It would have all tasted better with soju. I doubt I would have been able to tell the difference between soju or water at the time. I love chop chae and I love spicy grilled pork. My body on the other hand does not. It was still good. ;P
4	Superb Korean BBQ, we ate spicy Kimchi Casserole & Spicy Pork BBQ & together with all the fresh side dishes made for a great meal, fast friendly service & good value food. The place is on a side street near Wahlgreens opposite the Monte Carlo casino.
5	Between the hustle & bustle of the strip is not only a Korean BBQ restaurant, but a 24hour Korean BBQ Restaurant!It was around 3am, we ordered the Bul Go Gi and Galbi- it was full of taste, fresh and fantastic. The portions were HUGE. We were super hungry so we were able to finish both orders. But, one would have sufficed. Also, even though it was just around the time the drunks would be rolling in, the service was great.Buffet by day, Korean BBQ by night? I think so.
3	I tried this place because it was open 24 hours and I was really craving good Asian food. When we got there, it was pretty open. There wasn't that many people. We ordered the bu go gi, which is my favorite type of Korean BBQ. Since I didn't really want to smell like it, I had them cook it instead of us. THe small dishes that came out weren't as good as other places that I had tried. I don't even remember them coming out with the spicy pickled cucumbers like most Korean restaurants have. The kimchi was also not very spicy. When we got the bul go gi, it was nicely cooked and a huge portion, but it lacked flavor. We couldn't finish half of it. I also think this place wasn't really worth the money. It was a good portion for two people, but the food was just okay, nothing special.
4	Went for a late night bbq meal with some friends from out of town. We got the bulgogi, galbi/kalbi and the spicy pork. The banchan was more plentiful than the last place we had gone to- pickled zucchini, turnip & regular kimchi, bean sprouts, some kind of jiggly cake, fish cakes & lettuce.The bulgogi was really good, better than the last place we'd eaten at, though the galbi/kalbi wasn't quite as good. The spicy pork was a HUGE portion and really satisfying with a great hot flavor. When our banchan would get low the waitresses would replenish them quickly. As such, I ate a whole bowl of kimchi to myself :D omnomnom! We cooked the food at our table and gobbled it up quickly. The beer seemed overpriced, but we enjoyed the food quite a bit and the prices were reasonable. And it's open all night! Yay!
2	Expensive, but everything right on the strip is going to be expensive. Food is average. We ordered short ribs and tofu soup. The soup was lacking flavor and spiciness. The service was really poor. We are not korean, and they treated us much slower and poorly than many of the other patrons who were speaking korean. Overall, i would not go back b/c of average food and poor service.
2	I rated this a two on basically the bad service. The food is not worth the price but the portions are a good amount. I got the spicy chicken which was really spicy. I would share with someoneI tried my friends "Cold Soup" they bring it out with ice in it. Very interesting never had soup that was brought out cold. It had no flavor to it and eating ice cold soup is just too weird for me. Nasty, I wouldn't order it.Its also nice because this place is open late night (because everything taste good when you're drunk) so if you're craving korean bbq after the club I would come here . It's convenient and right off the strip.The only nice thing is they asked our party (of 10) if we wanted separate checks so paying the bill made it very easy.But overall:service sucksfood ain't worth the price ($26 for spicy chicken. Tax/tip included)only good for late night drunkin food
4	there are better places for galbi in LA, but when i'm in las vegas, i always hit this place up at least once. the side dishes are really good and the place is big and service is pretty fast. a bit pricey but very tasty.
5	I didn't realize how happy I was to stay at MGM when I realized this place was located right next to MGM!  THANK YOU JESUS! WOW!  It totally made my day.  I went to Vegas for 5 days and I ate here twice and loved it both times.  Price is good, portions are good, service good, seriously, what more can you ask for?!?!?!Would I go here again?  Definately!!!  You'll find me here on my next visit to Vegas!
2	I wandered in around 1:00 am on a Saturday night.  The place was dead.  I considered Yelping the place first and regret that I didn't.  I'm sure it's better on average than what I experienced, but my meal there was overpriced and very disappointing.  First and foremost, the condiments were awful - tasted old and not very good to begin with, and the sprouts and the kimchi were basically inedible.  The doeji bulgogi (which, since I was alone and very hungry, was kitchen-prepared) was on the good side of mediocre, somewhat underdone but still satisfying.  With a fair tip (for nice service) and a 36-Oz bottle of OB this disappointing meal came to nearly $40.  I've had the same thing, only much, much better, at dozens of Korean restaurants for about half that.  So I won't be back.
3	EXPENSIVE. Two pieces of Korean BBQ for $28+? Are you kidding me? Regardless, food was delicious. The chicken and Korean BBQ were flavorful. The little side dishes were also really good. The salad was my favorite. It was light and refreshing. The dressing on it was delicious. Tofu soup was okay. Service was horrible. I'd probably eat here again because it's convenient and the food is good.
2	Probably a decent Korean restaurant in Las Vegas, but a sad comparison to what you can get in NYC or in the Valley.Their selection and quality of bukchon seems lacking.  In most Korean restaurants, we typically would ask for refill of at least one or several bukchons.  This time, we didn't.Hate to continue with our rant, but my partner had a few bites of their Jap Chae, and asked me if we can leave.  It lacked flavor, and was very soggy.Maybe I am spoiled, or maybe this place is tailored for the drunken tourists.  What I am certain is that I probably will not re-visit.
4	This place never disappoints in food or flavor.  You end up paying top dollar for Korean BBQ and Traditional Korean dishes but it taste exactly what you'd expect from a higher end Korean Restaurant.If you are craving Korean BBQ Gal Bi or Bulgogi, nangmyun, Jangjorim, or anything else on their menu it is very good here.  I eat here every time I'm in Vegas (which is a lot) and have never been disappointed.  The down side is you come out smelling like BBQ.I've tried many Korean restaurants in Vegas and they usually say they are out of a specific menu item...Hmmm...I've been disappointed a number of times eating at these places and have always returned to Gin Seng BBQ.  I will gladly pay the extra $10-$20 to get the flavor I was after.
3	Nothing special about this Korean restaurant. Growing up in a predominantly Asian community I do like to pride myself in knowing whats good and what isn't good. Korean food isn't necessarily cheap food but having this place on the strip... It definitely had the strip prices. But I was really glad they did serve the tea for free whereas some Asian restaurants charge for the tea.
2	Over price.
3	If Ginseng was not 24 hours, then I would have given it two stars. It gets bumped up a star since you can drunkenly go here at 4 AM after clubbing or gambling. I ordered the galbi which was ridiculously overpriced. They only brought out a couple pieces of meat and I thought they were joking. The galbi was very tasty, but it ended up being over $30 after tax and tip. The side dishes were pretty good, but the server seemed pissed. Probably because she had to work at four in the morning.I would probably go here again because it's a nice option in the early hours of the morning in Vegas. However, I would never go here if it were a restaurant in Koreatown or anywhere else. It's way too overpriced and the portions aren't big enough.
4	Nice, clean, and spacious Korean BBQ place on the strip, open 24 hours! Andrew got the Bulgogi which we chose to cook at our table. The bulgogi was soooo tasty, very tender and perfectly flavored. The meal also came with banchan, which was okay. I liked the cucumbers but found the other vegetables to be too heavily flavored, all in that spicy sauce. Our waitress was really nice and attentive too, and helped us cook the meat properly. I was pleasantly surprised to find good quality food open 24 hours...unlike at Irvine ;)
4	Food was delicious and a very friendly staff awaits you. Its great that's its open 24 hours a day. It is pricey but the food is extremely fresh.
2	yeah, i dont know.  korean bbq is a staple in my life, so after a long night of losing money to pleasant, consonant chords and free booze.. i said 'yes, please'.  admittedly, it also helped that they were the closest place that was still open.even piss drunk, i was pretty disappointed.  most places will bring out over a dozen side dishes that the house has made themselves!  i think i counted five, and most of it seemed canned.  i was too messed up to be trusted with fire, so i had them cook my bulgogi.  the quality was just okay.  it didnt seem like the marinade ran very deep.the service was nearly nonexistent, in spite of the fact that we were one of three occupied tables at the time.  when they came around, they were vaguely pleasant so i'll give them that.  also, korean bbq is expensive.  this place takes that a couple steps further and it's not really justified.overall, my feelings are that if you're going to charge a 'right on the strip' premium, you might as well invest some of that cash into a higher quality product...
4	Had a nice dinner at this Korean BBQ. The service was quick and cordial. The food was decent and good. Prices are a little high but to be expected given you are in Vegas and far away from K-town. Would return again.
5	This place is bomb.  We ordered yakiniku and they cooked it for us from start to finish and put the cooked meat on my plate, only in Korea.  I guess you could take a taxi out and get to another KBBQ spot, but this is ON THE STRIP and is the real deal.  Super satisfied.  Best meal in Vegas.  F!*k all the uptight white table cloth reservation bullshit that closes early.  This is where you should go.
1	I was hungry and it was late . I did not feel like eating McDonalds or any of the other garbage on the strip . My friend told me that there is a Korean restaurant that's open pretty late so I decided to try this place . I had the tofu soup which was not spicy and lacked flavor . I also had their dumplings which did not taste that good .
3	Found this place on accident while walking the strip with the family. It's kinda hidden up an alley a few yards from the strip. It's very clean inside and A/C was definitely keeping us cool. If you are a fan of Korean this place is for you, but we managed to enjoy it too.
5	i love this place. its more on the expensive side but open 24 hours and the food is great. service was okay both times i went. i always get the beef rib soup, the best i've ever had. and when you're drunk its more amazing.
3	overpriced if you are from ktown in LA, but decent in vegas! authentic and owned by koreans, which is a plus! Food is a bit americanized (hae jang gook is missing some stuff), but still not bad for an asian food craving in the middle of the night! Service was meh, banchan (sides) were so-so, but food overall....I had the hae jang gook, which normally has tons of stuff in it, but this version had napa or something and beef bits. Tasted good and light, but not quite hae jang gook...overall still good though, for vegas...
3	In all honesty, I have had a lot better for the price, I live in Ktown, so you can throw a quarter and hit a KBBQ place that's half price that is just as good, but this place is decent and I had a great time there. The meats were good, the banchan was basic, but passable. A friend had a veggie bibimbap which we all tasted and liked. The beauty of this place is that it is right on the strip and it is open 24 hours. Yes, you can get your samgyeopsal grilling on at 5am if you really wanted to. It hurts to buy alcohol here. Over $10 for an otherwise $3 bottle of soju. It hurts because on sale at the k-market, you can get 6 for $12... But then again, you are at a restaurant, so you get what you want, for a price. We had decent service, the ahjummas tolerated us being crazy and would grill our meats like we were rookies. It's all good, we might have been a little lazy and she didn't want us to eff anything up. All in all a good place. Just wish the price was better.
1	Galbi-tang (galbi soup) tastes like non-dairy creamer + water. Absolutely disgusting and when I complained to the owner, he was disrespectful to the point where he pissed off all 4 of us. It will be ridiculous to call this place an authentic Korean restaurant.
2	We did not order BBQ as most of other guests did in this restaurant. We had a three people hot pot, which has not fresh and tasting like wood fish, and shrimps with head and tails, tofu (just a few), mushroom (one or two pieces). I can name them all if I want. But there is just nothing tasting really good to match the overall evaluation of  this restaurant. Also that day, there are a bus of Korean people. Waiters are just too busy to check on us.
4	24 hour Korean food! Oh yeah!Much better service and food than nearby Kimchi Restaurant. Yukgaejang hits the spot after a long day of drinking. Wife really likes the dolsot bibimbap too. We stop by this place every time we're in Vegas.
4	Who knew in the midst of Viva Las  Vegas strip, you'd find a Korean BBQ restaurant.  But not just that, but a very packed and delicious Korean BBQ.  Note for those who want to try this place, be prepared for a long wait at least for dinner when we went there. When you walk into a Korean restaurant and most of the customers are Korean, you know you're in the right place for some authentic cuisine.  The two dishes that stood out for me were 2 pork dishes.  The first pork dish was mixed with rice cake and cabbage and was stewed in a kimchi sauce.  The tender pork had a kick to it, but also sweet at the same time.  Very traditional Korean food. I was hesitate to try dishes mixed with kimchi, but this was surprisingly good.  The second pork dish was spicy and grilled with onions. The sauce was more spicy than the first.  It was a simple combination, but great.  Both dishes were similar, however I didn't' mind eating it twice.  I've had some really great seafood tofu soup and this place was definitely on par.  The soup wasn't watered down and had a strong flavor. And they didn't put too much vegetables overpowered the seafood flavor.  Though i would say this place is a bit more expensive then the ones I've been to at home, but it's Vegas. Overall, I would say that this place would be a great pit stop on my next Vegas trip.  Another great thing is that this place is 24hr, so you can come visit here after a long night of Vegas fun! :-)
4	Overpriced 24 hour Korean food on the strip.My family and relatives used to always make at least one stop here every time we came to Vegas.Good-sized restaurant.Service is fast and servers do their job.They handle large groups fairly well.Food is surprisingly not too bad. (I'm spoiled and grew up on homemade cooking and LA restaurants.)All the soups are good, especially yukgaejang, as well as the fish and meat dishes.
4	As the wife and I were debating where we were going to eat last Friday, we passed the sign for this place and paused. We were a little hesitant at first, but decided to give it a try. We were glad we did. It is not AYCE, but not really pricey compared to similar non-AYCE spots here in L.A.. We walked in and were seated right away. There were several other groups in there, but I think we were the only ones who weren't Korean. We ordered the Galbi and the Bul Go Ki(that's what the menu said). It came with seaweed soup that was wonderful, several side dishes that were good, and we got rice.  The bulgoki was amazing. Better than all the places I have been to here in L.A. The ribs were not. They were tough and not tender, which is not what you expect when you order these anywhere. These were not the cheap ribs, but the most expensive ones on the menu, which usually melt in your mouth. The service was good, and the portions were good too. The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the ribs. We will very likely come here again for the bulgoki and something other than those ribs. My wife and I left here stuffed, happy, and ready to hit the town!
5	Awesome place. The food was authentic and the service was good. If you want authentic Korean food, I recommend this place. We had Kalbi Haejangguk, Jaewook bokeum, and ahl jji gae. They were all very good.
5	Food and service are amazing. Unlike most Korean bbq places, the waitresses are attentive and take care of bbq'n your meat for you, even when you insist that it is not needed.dp
3	Open 24 hours and in the middle of the strip! I really didnt have high expectations for this place coming in at 3 am. The menu is expensive due to it being on the strip. I order bulgogi and beef brisket to share amongst friends. She first brought out sides, fish cake was not one of the sides for the day which just ruined my whole experience entirely... (lol/jk) But since we only ordered two types of meat it only came with two bowls of rice, so i had to pay extra. It wasn't served with lettuce or salad, it cost $5 more. This was the type of place that you just had to pay extra for anything extra. I guess I was expecting all you can eat type places that I'm more use to. Other than that, the meat portions was plentiful. The server started off fairly rude to us and after a while she finally warmed up but it was already to late to leave a good tip :(
4	We were here again during our trip last weekend for the Celine show. Bulgogi was still amazing and we tried and liked the pork(sam gyeop sal). Left here stuffed again and pleased with our dining experience. My wife pointed out(after we were stuffed) that there was no seaweed soup this time though. Not sure how I feel about that....
5	Glad to see this place is still open 24 hours. I started coming here back in the late 90's. The bulgogi is still amazing. And I always get their dolsat bibimbap, the vegetables with raw beef and egg in a sizzling stone pot. Yummy. Forgot to check in here so I'll leave a review instead.
3	For Korean BBQ on The Strip, it was either Ginseng 2 or Kimchi BBQ. Ultimately, we decided on Ginseng 2, even though we knew it would be more expensive. Kimchi BBQ's one hour time limit, self-serve panchan, and recent closing due to health concerns didn't seem too appealing.They're open 24 hours, so we arrived very late on a weekday, and we were the only ones there. We ordered the samgyupsal (pork belly) and spicy pork. Prices are definitely higher than expected, and we also paid extra for salad. Two bowls of rice are included, but if you have more people, that will cost more, too. It did not come with any kind of soup, so we ordered kimchi jjiggae on the side. The panchan (side dishes) were not too bad, except for the kimchi! All of it was super sour, which was disappointing. On the plus side, the meat was worth the price- we received decent-sized portions, and the spicy pork was seasoned very well. Our waitress did all of the cooking, and she politely chatted with us. She was great about refilling our panchan as needed. No problems there. It's not the best Korean BBQ experience, but it's passable.
3	two words, convenient (if you are on the center of the strip) and expensive (since you are on the center of the strip). yuk gae jang is my preference for after drinking. they make it decent here. the service is good, the server was pretty attentive. everything is extra like a second serving of rice. open 24 hrs.
5	Good Korean on the Strip?? Yes sirrrMy friend from Vegas brought me here and I'm so glad she did. It was tucked away behind a strip mall next to McD's. I didn't even know stuff like this existed on the strip. My friend and I came with our doubts since we were from NYC. We ordered the kimchee jeegae, kalbi tang and mandoo. It was all legit, the best I've had in awhile and I just came back from LA. The service was great, even thought we didn't speak Korean we were not discriminated upon. I'll definitely make my return the next time I stop by Vegas, especially after hitting up the clubs.
1	This place is for tourists. Don't go here.The gf and I were feeling lazy and didn't want to drive the extra 3 miles for Spring Mountain. So lets check out a new place we thought.1. The parking lot behind this place charges $5 to park there. ARE YOU KIDDING? WHO CHARGES A PARKING LOT FEE TO EAT AT THEIR RESTAURANT?2. My gf got a soup, I ordered cooked bbq pork -- galbi. My gf's soup = $13.99. My gabli = $31.99. Wtttfffffffffff.They must have sprinkled gold dust on my bbq because the plate was soo small and soo expensive.This is just a tourist trap. Drive the extra 2-3 miles to Spring Mountain and pick from any number of great Korean/Viet/Chinese restaurants there.
5	good food, a tad expensive (but not for Vegas). great service. i'll be back.
4	Solid Korean restaurant on the strip, though it's unnecessarily pricey. Then again, if you are staying on the strip and don't have a car and need kimchi ASAP, there aren't many other options. Also, you're in Vegas on the Strip. It has to be expensive?I've been here before on a previous Vegas trip and remember it being good, but don't remember details.This time, we got yook-gae-jang soup and the hot stone bibimbap. The soup was delicious (and is one of those foods that is pretty easily messed up/not good at restaurants) and had a ton of meat and gosari (braken fern). The bibimbab (a korean restaurant food that's HARD to mess up) was also good and had a nice selection of toppings.The banchan was good--the soybean sprouts were a little underseasoned for my personal taste (but I prefer this to over-salted!), the kimchi was good (it's not "ripe" kimchi fyi), the ggak-doo-gi was delicious, they had the standard Korean-bbq-place potato salad, and they also had muk (a white jelly with soy sauce, nomz).The service was great when we went, but it was 3pm on a weekday, so it wasn't very busy.This address is the one right next to/behind the Hawaiian Marketplace! I had trouble distinguishing between the different google/yelp locations that showed up.
4	While in Vegas for Christmas we were in the mood for spicy beef.  While on the strip, we used Yelp to help us navigate our way to good Korean food - on Christmas Day!We called ahead to make sure they were open and yes was the answer I wanted to hear.From the M & M Factory we made our way and when we got there, every seat was taken.  Good sign.Our wait was only 10 minutes, we sat down and the server arrived with glasses of water within minutes.  The place was packed with a lot of people there, we knew this place had to be good. The menu is like any menu you see at other Korean restaurants so it was hard to decide what we wanted.  I wanted Dolsot Bibimbap and my BF had Bulgogi.It took about 15 minutes for our food to arrive and I must say, that is the best Dolsot I ever had.  Everything was tasty.
5	I haven't been to Ginseng Korean BBQ II for a long time.  When there were not many Korean restaurants in Vegas, I used to take my friends or visitors to this place because they were staying one of the hotels on the strip and it was very convenient for them to come to have a warm meal after a show or shopping.  After having too much of buffet food, they always wanted to have some Korean food on the last day of their departure.But, it is still pricey and they don't do AYCE Korean BBQ.My cousin was in town with her friends and she wanted to have a dinner at Ginseng II.  She said she really liked their food every time she was in Vegas to try Korean BBQ.  Since she leaves in Korea town in LA & I'm pretty sure that she must have tasted the greatest Korean BBQ in LA.  I was wondering why she wanted to try the food that she could get better ones in K-town?I agreed to have a dinner with her at Ginseng II right after Christmas.  The place was pretty busy with all the tourists.  We all shared some of the dishes including Bibimbap, Kimchi Jjigae, Kalbi, and Chadolbaegi(brisket).  I was amazed that all the dishes we had that night were so delicious!  Especially, the Kimchi Jjigae was outstanding out of all. Kalbi was so tender and tasty.  The side dishes were awesome.  She was right. their food were pretty good comparing to the ones in LA.  I'm really hoping that their food is still great  next time I come back!
3	We had the seafood pancake and tofu pot.  Tofu was good, seafood pancake was lousy.  Lots of koreans so that does not say muchservice was so so.
2	The exact definition of two stars: MEH. I'VE EXPERIENCED BETTER.As for someone who LOVES Korean BBQ and always eats it every other week, I do not recommend this place for KBBQ. I've been to many KBBQ places, but I have never seen KBBQ to be $30+. It's not very surprising that this place would be $$$, I mean almost everything on the Strip is PRICEY. Since $30 for a very small portion of kogi was definitely out of the question, I decided to order dolsot bimbimbap instead. This dolsot bimbimbap was the most expensive I have ever paid for. There's nothing special about this place. I'm giving it two stars because the food was descent and the waitress was nice enough to be honest about size portion of the KBBQ meat.Never again.
4	Hidden gem in the las vegas strip.  Has everything you need for your korean bbq fix.  Although, I have had more sides in other places.  Otherwise, the brisket was delish and the spicy tofu soup was good.Got there at 1am so there was no wait at all. Oh yeah, did I mention it's a 24 hour spot? Love it.  Clean and spacious. Good service and good food.
3	It is just okay! Not that good!
2	Probably the worst Korean restaurant in Vegas. Service was poor. Never served water and asked anything after the table is set. We ate bibimbaps, but they were tasteless even though we were quite hungry. I am from Korea, have stayed in US several years, and have been many Korean restaurants, but this one definitely stands out as an bad example. Don't go to this restaurant unless you don't have a car, don't have enough time to drive outside of the city, or you feel home sick so much that anything you eat would feel delicious.
4	For Vegas strip, this place is decent. When I see Korean joint with 24 hr sign, I know I'm in good hands, and Ginseng turned out to be true. Since I was solo and early morning (or late night...depends on how you look at), my meal had to be cooked in the kitchen instead of my table. that was all good with me, since I had no interest covered in juicy bbq source that night.Food quality was decent, portion was big, free appt was something to desire considering the astronomical price they charge for the meal. If you are lost on te vegas strip and need KBBQ, this is the place to be.
3	I come here often due to friend living basically across the street from this place and its 24 hrs. Not many Korean restaurants on the strip so this place will get your Korean fix. The prices are much higher than I'm used to, but that's Vegas.
5	I just love this Korean BBQ place in the Strip.  It was late and my hubby and I were looking for a good place to eat and saw this big neon advertisement Korean BBQ  that opens 24 hrs, it is located behind the alley. We went in and the place was crowded we ordered teriyaki chicken and teriyaki salmon and the portions were big and food tasted very fresh and delicious.  I would recommend this place when you are on the Vegas Strip ...... AAAA+++
1	My boyfriend and I ate there lastnight, now  we both have food poisoning!! Never will we go back!
3	Anywhere else this restaurant would probably be "meh", but when you find a 24hr Korean restaurant on the Vegas strip, that pushes it to three stars. It was good to take a break from the buffets, and the prices are fair. Food was average, service was okay. The boricha barley tea was very weak, which is why someone wrote a tip complaining of the horrible "water". The fun part of the experience was seeing two tables of very loud, very drunk Asians, which I have to say I don't usually see in Atlanta Korean restaurants. Hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas!
4	Hidden gem in the strip and they open 24 hours! I love to go here for hangover after drink. they serve everything whole day so whenever you craving for Korean food then just go here, The Korean BBQ is pricy but the taste is good. but don't go there when convention going on because too crowed.
4	Great service and friendly staff! We ordered the short ribs and spicy pork. They were both flavorful and tender. We also go 6 side dishes to go with our lunch!
4	I've been to Korea.  I've been to Koreatown in LA, the largest Korean community outside of Korea.  I've had kalbi, Korean BBQ.  I haven't eaten dog, but I've had many Korean dishes and lots of kim-chee.  Let me just tell you, this is the real deal.  In fact, it's better than most Korean BBQ places in Korea because in Korea, the freshness is less and the sanitary protocol, what sanitary protocol???  Have you been to Seoul?  There are places where the sewage is open air.  I'm not kidding.  It reminded me of New Orleans.  You also get much smaller meat portions in Korea.  Now, the price is pretty steep here, $30+ for the BBQ stuff, but the portions are big enough for two people.  I made the catastrophic mistake of ordering their pork belly BBQ AND the dumpling and rice cake soup.  This was a meal for two grown men.  I love the open grill at the table.  This is real Korean BBQ.  If you go to a restaurant and there is no grill at the table, it is fake Korean BBQ.  I wasn't entirely sure of the protocol, but I guess when the waitress doesn't flip the meat, you should unless you want burnt meat.  The kim-chee was on the mild side and not much garlic if any.  Now, it's not authentic, but then again, when you're in Vegas, do you really want garlic breath hitting on women at the clubs?  I think it was a smart move of them.  The food was all fresh.  I'd give them five stars, but I'm not sure they use grass fed hormone free beef and the decor was a bit too casual.  I would have liked less of a strip-mall, lunch cafe feel and more of a dark, dinner restaurant feel.  Service was excellent.  They also have all the major Korean beers and don't worry about the price, they come in large.  I'll hit this place every time I go to Vegas.  I would have also like to see some Korean soaps on a TV or at least some K-pop music.
4	She recommends the Bimbimbap!! I really liked my experience here! i don't eat Korean food often but it is always very comforting when I do. The people were good and the water was sooo good, I had 6 glasses or so.. I think it was infused with lemon but it was so very good. The shrimp appetizers (dumplings I think) were very good. I like that it is open 24 hours and I really liked the spicy cucumbers!! Delicious!
4	I love that this place is open 24 hours, on the strip, and right next to Krave. I was craving some beef tofu soup because it was rather cold outside. The price for tofu soup is significantly more expensive than what I am used to paying in LA, but it was still good especially after a hard night of drinking and partying. I thought that their (banchan) side dishes were pretty good. The only thing was that they put an egg in my tofu soup in which I normally leave it out. Even though I didn't want it in my soup, it did enhance the flavor of the soup. The building is located behind Walgreens, so it may be a little bit difficult to locate from Las Vegas Blvd.
1	First beware reviews by employees friends or owners. Ordered the shrimp dumpling appetizer - absolutely no identifiable shrimp or shrimp flavor in any of the pieces -the faintest pink line only. When I pointed this out to the waitress she smiled and said "Yes that is how it is prepared Korean!" Great! shrimp dumplings with no shrimp! Then ordered a vegetable dish for our vegetarian friend ..the only thing mentioned on the menu was vegetables....guess what? it was full of clams!   If my wife, who is allergic to shell fish had eaten it we would have been in the emergency room. They took that off the check but insisted we were told that, despite the fact it was not listed on the menu, the dish came with clams. Yea right! Sides were OK but nothing special compared with any other Korean restaurant. I would say with so many great options around save your money and go someplace else
4	Great spot if you are looking for late night (or early AM) korean grub.  Walked over from Cosmo (took about 15 mins) on 12/31 10am.  Service is typical korean.  You have to holla (or push the button) to get their attention.  They understand both english and korean.  Food is good but pretty pricey.  Kalbi is $35...bulgogi is $24... But I would pay anything to get my cravings met.  The 4 stars is mainly for the availability and lack of competition for this restaurant.
5	This place is legit.  I actually lived in Korea and if you want true Korean BBQ this is the place to go.  Like in korea you actually get to cook your own bbq at your table, but the waitresses are very helpful if you don't know how to do it on your own.My husband had never tried authentic korean food, and he fell in love with this place.But be prepared to spend a pretty penny, cause it is quite expensive.
5	This place is fantastic...the side dishes are to die for....if you want real Korean food this is the place to go!!!!
4	Me and my daughter are always on the hunt for new places to try our favorites. One of the tops on our list is Korean BBQ. Now I can't claim I have eaten it all one the world like some people or had it at 50 million other better places but I do know good food when I eat it. We sat down at looked over the menu and could make up our minds so we went with the AYCE for 22 bucks. Not a bad deal for BBQ or a strip restaurant. They brought out the sides like normal the only thing they didn't have that we normally get is the potatoes, theirs where spicy. i don't mind but she doesn't like them like that. We know what we are doing when it comes to this but let the server cook it for us anyway. She did a good job and was very attentive to our food while still taking care of others. We only made it throughout the first heaping mound plate of food and were stuffed to the gills. We left happy and will defiantly be back on the next trip to Vegas.
4	Came here during the weekday for lunch and got the AYCE deal. Location is good because it's across Monte Carlo which I usually stay in Vegas. I've eaten here a year ago and it was pretty much the same, good service and good food. Summary:Location 5* - across Monte Carlos which I frequent [kinda hidden off the strip]Food 4* - usual good Korean BBQPrice 3.5* - I think about $22 for AYCEService 4* - of course there was only a few of us in thereCleanliness 3.5* - pretty clean
4	Perfect comfort food after a long flight to Vegas. Admittedly we had some trouble finding the place (behind a convenient store in its own private area).This place is 24/7 and probably one of the only Korean options on the strip (everything else is arguably "Asian fusion"). Big seating area so no wait at all. Service is pretty good also. We arrived in Vegas around 12am, so in reality 3am our biological clock time. Definitely a bit mentally disengaged from the party/gambling scene...just hoping to eat and rest up for a packed morning after. All the dishes here are above average; the soondubu was particularly soothing. LA Galbi and pajeon were just right and helped fill our stomachs after a starving travel. The three dishes came out to around $50-60. Not badHighly recommended should this place be your after-flight (and night? dare i say) cure
4	I came here with several friends on a Friday night for some all you can eat goodness. There was tons of seating, quick service and lots of side dish refills. I did knock off a star because my mother was with us and she did not want to get the AYCE- but instead of letting her sit at a nearby table or sit with us and order something small, they made her leave the restaurant. Good food, well priced and open late.
3	after stuffing our selves silly with buffets and burgers, and generally unhealthy meals, we were really craving some korean food.  we were also slightly buzzed and did not want to risk driving, nor paying for a cab to go outside of the strip so we drunkenly made our way over to ginseng.  ginseng is located rights next to the fatburger building, only you have to walk into the street because it's hidden away in the back.  it's located next to a place called kraze.  so apparently ginseng has multiple locations, but this is the only one on the strip.  this is probably the only reason they can get away with charging 13 bucks for kimchi jji gae.  apparently, they've started doing ayce bbq, but endless amounts of gogi was the last thing we wanted... so we sucked it up and ordered a 13 dollar kim chi jji gae and a 15 dollar yook gae jang.  several of the reviews have mentioned that this place is reasonably priced.  i'm assuming they mean reasonable considering it's located on the strip?  or is this generally how expensive korean food is in vegas?  dunno, and don't care to find out.  we paid 35 dollars for the two of us, for very, VERY mediocre korean food.  they also sell wine LOL.  this made me laugh because the last thing i want with ayce korean bbq is a bottle of mondavi red wine.  i only know this because the table next to us ordered a bottle and were talking as though they were wine connoisseurs, when obviously they were not.  honestly, had we not been so desperate for korean food doubt we would have gone, and i doubt i would go back unless, again, i was really craving that home food.
3	Literally THE best hangover food ever. If this place ever closed down, vegas just would not be the same. Located right on The Strip, next to the big Walgreens, it is kind of hidden but not (if that made any sense at all). It's in an alley way that leads to a huge parking lot, if you're driving or getting dropped off. I'd say, it is more like a 3.5 stars than a 3. 3.5 stars if you're comparing it to anywhere else (ie. LA) but 4 stars for vegas food, if you know what I mean. The food is good, it is. Actually, it's DELICIOUS post drinking. I always get the Mandoo Gook, which is a dumpling soup filled with meat and glass noodles. The dumplings are HUGE and the portion is incredibly generous. It isn't too salty or full of msg which is always a plus for me. I've also tried the Doenjang Jigae (soyabean paste soup) which is pretty good too but a little on the salty side. My only question is WHY DONT THEY DO DELIVERY?!? They are clearly catering to tourists or hungover people (being 24hours AND on the strip), they might as well take it one step further.Anyways, I don't know if I'd go out of my way to come here if I actually lived in vegas but as a tourist staying on the strip, this is not only something I'd settle for but a very good option.
1	Didn't. Even. Serve. Us.We walked in hungry and they didn't even bother to help us. They looked at us and walked away. Annnnd their open sign was on. Definitely wrong advertisement I guess. Oh well. Lost a party of like 10.
4	Great korean foods. Variety of menu. Close to strip and great location. Only bad thing is price. But if u really like korean food, you will love this place. Family atmosphere and great customer service.
4	Staying 2nights in MGM Grand, i was really happy finding this restaurant for my mom who newly flew to Us from Korean. Located center of the Strips, huge portions, 24/7 open.My mom told me she was craving Korean food desperately, i brought her to this restaurant because this is walking distance from our hotel. Came here early in the morning i was really happy because this restaurant opens 24hrs. I ordered the pollack soup for my mom and beef soup for me. They gave us lots of side dishes for free as we waiting the main dishes. Especially the radish kimchi was very fresh. Both the pollack soup and the beef soup delicious and big portions equally. The price was a little steep but we really enjoyed the Korean breakfast in the Sin City.Tips: This is not easy to find out this restaurant. it is located behind the Wall Green.
1	After eating American food for the past 3 days in Vegas, we found some Asian food. My friend and I didn't have too much have an appetite so I didn't do the AYCE but the rest of our group which was an additional 4 people did. They told us either we ALL have to do AYCE or we can't which was stupid. So my friend and I who wasn't opting for the AYCE sat at a different table next to them. It was so stupid.I had tofu soup because I was hungover and I thought it was okay. Not that great, but what can I really expect for something being on the strip? My friends who had the AYCE said it was pretty good.Service was HORRIBLE for my table. Not once did the waitress check on our table or refilled our water. She visited our groups table frequently but not ours. Maybe because we didn't get AYCE we weren't as valuable customers as those who did.Anyway, usually tip is included if you're a party of 5/6 or more right? Well they added the tip on there because we were originally a group of 6 I guess but we had to separate so it was NOT right of them to add the tip on there already since we ended up being 2 different parties and the fact that she never visited our table for any service at all!
5	I don't know about you but I was getting kind of tired of paying $50+ for a good meal in Vegas, so I did a little bit of searching on Yelp for $$ priced food on the Strip and Ginseng Korean BBQ II popped up.  My boyfriend's father (who has never had Korean food before) commented on how the place looked "sketchy" but I shut him down when I told him "You shouldn't judge a book by it's cover...it could very well be a diamond in the rough!" We were promptly seated-probably case it was 10:00 P on a Tuesday night and we were the only ones in the restaurant.  That's OK though...that means we don't have to wait hours for a check or refills on water, etc.  Since my dining companion never had Korean food, I suggested ordering the AYCE Barbecue which was only $21.95!!  Our server brought out the banchan and started the grill.  The meat she brought were Bulgogi, Samgyeopsal, and Galbi....we didn't want any of the other meats.  I was ready to cook our own meats, but our server was gracious  enough to do it for us.  It was like having a meal in my mom's or aunt's house (both are Korean).  My dining companion couldn't get over how good everything was: the food, the experience, the price.  He even talked about it the next day and said it was such a unique experience.  Thank you Ginseng Korean BBQ II for making me look good.
5	This place was amazing! The boyfriend and I came here after our buffet on the strip the previous night resulted in disappointment. The food here is amazing. We opted for the all you can eat (at 23/person, it was a steal!)  The side dishes were delicious and bottomless. The kimchi was perfect. The lettuce was tossed in some kind of sesame oil sauce and was such a nice surprise. The service was great (you have to press a button to call the servers over, much like on an airplane).The pork belly was a bit dry (not sure if it was our bbq-ing skills, or if it was just because it was thick and not marinated), but the chicken and brisket were amazing! There were many Korean patrons, and I felt that the place was quite authentic. We will definitely be visiting again the next time we're on the strip!
5	First time trying it with recommendation from one of my friend. It wasn't a disappointment. Late night all you can eat at 3AM in the morning after midnight bowling this place just hits the spot. The service we received was awesome we we're a group of five and our server really catered to us. We ordered three of everything in the all you can eat menu and she cooked every one of them for us. My water was constantly refilled. My friends seconds/third order of rice came out quick. Ultimately I'll come back and if bring another friend.
5	Family environment great place to go with friends and family. The best Korean BBQ i have ever had I completely recommend this restaurant.
4	For $23.95, you'll have a belly busting meat-gasm! The place is open 24 hours and located on the strip across the street from the Monte Carlo -  it's old and a little sticky inside. You also have to pay $5 for to park in the nearby lot (or, if you're not pressed for time, you can always go on a mission and park at the closest casino's parking for free and then walk over.) But, when it became time to dine, we were pleasantly surprised with the flavor of the banchan and the meat. The majority of the food offered for their AYCE was above average and extremely satisfying. They have the table-side-door-bell so we would press it whenever we needed service, it's very convenient! Also, the ladies working here will try to cook the meats for you, but if you don't want them to, just let them know you got it and they will leave you alone. Here's the banchan (sides) we got:- Stir-fried little fish guys - Pickled steamed broccoli- *Kkakdugi (pickled radish cubes)- *Kimchi- *Kongnamul-muchim (seasoned korean soybean sprouts) - *Mountain of lettuce (seasoned with a Korean tangy sweet soy dressing)*everything with a star in front, I enjoyed very much and went for seconds/ thirds. I recommend grilling your kimchi and radish cubes! It awakens the seasonings and makes them even more delicious.Here's what we selected from the AYCE menu: (it comes with white rice)- Bulgogi (thinly sliced marinaded beef) Very tender beef, moist and flavorful. We enjoyed it! Flavor rating: 4/5- Chadolbaegi (brisket point without marinade) This was my least favorite cut of meat -  It was very chewy, tough and dry. The natural flavor of the meat was enjoyable. Flavor rating: 3/5- Samgyeopsal (pork belly) This was excellent! The pork belly was super buttery after it was cooked and melted in my mouth!  Try not to overcook it. If you're unsure, ask the ladies working, they'll take care of you. Definitely dip the cooked pork belly into the sesame oil with seasoning and enter food ecstasy! Flavor rating: 5/5- LA Galbi (beef short-rib with house marinade) **LIMIT: 1 PERSON 2 PIECES ONLY** - This was one of our favorites! It was tender, meaty, moist, and flavorful. We somehow didn't catch the small red writing that said 2 pieces only per person, so we were disappointed when we found out we couldn't order anymore for AYCE. Flavor rating 5/5$23.95 is one of the better (tastier) deals for Korean BBQ AYCE in the area, so we are fans!Pro tip: after you've ingested pounds of glorious meat, take a walk on the strip to help with digestion and enjoy people (tourist) watching! :p
3	When you're on the strip, you get used to crazy decors of marble, statues and lots of lights. This looks like a hole in the wall tucked behind the CVS. But if you're in vegas and looking for Korean food -it fills the need. It's decent. Nothing stellar.  We (4 of us) had to ask for an extra set of banchan (side dishes) and despite some protest, we got it. They also forgot to give us the seasoned salad that's usually standard with bbq but when we asked we got it.The main star here is the Eun Dae Gu Jorim (see pic) - it's flaky white fish stewed with radish and tofu and you just can't get that on the east coast! I've only had it here and I come back every trip (twice a year) to eat this. Mix the leftover sauce with your rice.
3	The All you can Eat buffet is good.  But the Rib are only 1 single serving, you are Not allow to take more which it didn't say on the Menu.  Serving Size are good portion, so even after 1 serving of each item, we already got filled.     Services are fantastic!Will go again!
4	Good Korean food and service. A great location for those that are near MGM, Cosmo, Aria, etc. Little pricey but then they're on the strip so I'm sure the rent is pretty high. Worth it here.
5	Pretty good Korean BBQ, especially for being located in the most touristy section of the Las Vegas strip! But you know it's pretty good when the place is packed with local Koreans and other Asians. Great all you can eat combo (except of course the best - short ribs which you're limited to 2 per person). Great salads and side dishes too.
3	Go for the "All you can eat"! Service and the food was good. Side dishes were not as many as I'm used to seeing but the unlimited meat makes up for it.
5	Omg ! You better come hungry!! All you can eat yeah crazy if there is only Two of you good luck you will not need any extra! Food is really good ! Enjoy!!
1	Korean Food; perfect setting for all the ones that are too drunk to know what is good. Absolute garbage; not worth the trip!
1	If one person isn't eating AYCE prepare to have them eat somewhere else. Also prepare to pay more here than the other Korean BBQ places in town.
4	The service is a little slow when you first arrive but once you get to the table everything is fast and very polite.
3	I ordered bibimbap, and it wasn't really good. I am addicted to Korean and I feel like this place is not that authentic. But there are many Koreans there. Wonder what they think.I was there for lunch and they didn't have barbecue. The barbecue combo seems like a pretty good deal though. So my review only limits to my own dining experience.
1	Good food BAD service unless your Korean you might get treated good. Don't recommend this place.
3	I don't think the food is that great.Ordered a bulgogi, just normal taste.A bit pricey.We ordered a tofu soup, it came as spicy (I thought they should ask whether it's plain, mild, ex?)I don't eat spicy. So ended up giving it to my husband.They also put the raw egg in there without asking.I'm allergic to eggs as well.Taste was ok. I guess it's just not meant for me :(
1	Horrible service... Had to wait thirty mins on a table... The waitress dropped the food off and never came back, did not inform us that you had to push the button for service until after the meal was over. Had to go find water. Had to flag down the waitress... She had another table that was in front of us... And I tried to get her attention but was unable... Hmmm
1	Such a bad ass restaurant. DO NOT GO HERE!!If they say the waiting time is 10 minutes it is for at least for an hour. If you try to make a complain of their information they will say " how the hell do I know when they leave?" They think they are serving you for a free. They will treat you like a dirt.
