5	"WOOHOO! As good as it gets!"  Mixture of the japanese ANIME culture atmosphere with savory tasting RAMEN noodles in famous Tonkotsu and other mouthwatering broths... nobody has executed this phenomenon like the way ANIME RAMEN does! This small ramen venue has the absolute best ramen noodles in all of Las Vegas (along with great prices for all the food that you get and the service is pleasant.  The girls there are the sweetest and cutest  and look like real life anime girls!! THEY EVEN WEAR COLORED WIGS & DRESS IN ANIME ATTIRE) one word... "WOW!"  I'm bringing ALL MY FRIENDS to this place!!  I've always been a big fan of Sailor Moon and so it makes me feel happy to have a place that reminds me of it!  It just opened yesterday so I'm sure there's going to be more and more addition to the menu and decor... CAN'T WAIT!
5	This is legit Saimin "Ramen" I've had so far, I like the atmosphere and the simplicity of menu to array of the theme. I enjoyed the Ramen and service was awesome "fist pound" for perfect service, great taste and simplicity got me hook I'll def come here a lot....
4	Cutest place ever! The waitress that helped us looked like she literally jumped out of an anime. She was dressed in a maid outfit and looked super cute. Service overall was excellent. I was greeted when I came in and the waitress checked up on us frequently. As for the food, we ordered the tonkotsu and miso ramen with an order of chicken wings. For the ramen, I'm kind of biased because I'm comparing it to Monta.Miso ramen: Kind of bland. There was some miso flavor but overall it wasn't enough. What I did like though was that it came with a bunch of extra stuff like half an egg, bean sprouts, cha-shiu, onion etc.Tonkotsu ramen: Kind of salty! Pretty much the opposite of the miso. lol. Once again, I did like how it came with a bunch of extra stuff similar to the miso.Chicken wings: Yum! Fried perfectly with nice crispy skin on the outside. The chicken wings were huge and came with ketchup. However, I would recommend them switching out the ketchup and changing it with a special sauce such as wasabi mayo or something.
4	Dropped by after finding out about this new ramen and teriyaki restaurant via Yelp. From all of the anime characters outside, one might think that it is a video or anime or comic store, but it clearly has "ramen & Teriyaki" after Anime. The restaurant is still in its soft opening phase of operation, so business is still relatively slow and there is a 25%off soft opening promotion.When I walked in, I was immediately greeted by two uber cute and very cheerful waitresses.  The place was empty, but nicely decorated (although the waitress said it looks like a pho restaurant - a nicely decorated new pho restaurant) with many anime paintings or art works on the wall, so I basically picked where I like to be seated.The menu has a comic strip look to it, a nice touch.  After checking out the menu, I opted to try Karaage Chicken Wings and Tonkotsu Ramen. The chicken wings were fried perfectly, but it was served with ketchup, which I thought was untraditional (chicken karaage is also traditionally boneless).  I think a simple wedge of lemon would have been a better choice.The Tonkotsu Ramen (they source the ramen from the same purveyor that supplies Monta and Big Wong), but the noodle was not prepared as well as those served at Monta on my 1st visit. But I also don't think they hired a ramen chef directly from Japan either. For now Monta's ramen is still better than the ones served here.Finished the meal with Tempura Ice Cream.  It is a good size, not the small ones served at the AYCE sushi places. But the waitress told me to try their Honey Toast, which she said was not as sweet as the ones served upstairs at Ichiza (I could not remember if I ordered that there or not, but will see about getting this on my next visit).Ordered the Tom Yum Chicken Ramen (9-18-11) and the ramen was cooked a lot better tonight.  The broth was yummy and maybe a 3 spicy level. Different waitresses, not as talkative but still very pretty, so still a positive experience.Decor/Ambiance: 4/5  Definitely sticking to the theme, although there are still a lot of room to go in the decorating department, such as Anime-related items as decoration on the tables (under a sheet of protective glass of course), photos of cosplayers that dine at the restaurant, anime figures, etc.  Even some of the waitresses are dressed in maid outfits like in some Anime, although some only donned anime-colored wigs and graphic tees. Service:  4.5/5  Very friendly, energetic, and attentive. (I definitely gave an extra star for this, although your mileage may vary depending on the waitress, your youthful good looks and AXE application)Food:  3.5/5  Some items still need fine tuning, but that is to be expected for a new restaurant in the soft opening phase.  Would suggest serving more soup in the ramen, lemon wedge or alternative dipping sauce for the fried wings, serving the ramen WITHOUT the spoon already in the bowl.Alcohol:  Will be on the menu once the proper licensing and other requirements are in order.Price:  2.5/5  All items are under $10. Ramen (san the 25% soft opening discount) is priced higher than Monta, but comes with 1/2 shoyu boiled egg. Personally I think at the 25% off price, it is a competitive Japanese casual comfort food dining spot, but a harder sell without.Value: 2-3/5  Not going to win any Best Deals in LV awards, but will not break the wallet either.Location:  5/5  Very centrally located in Chinatown, not that far down the street from the Palazzo, Wynn, and Treasure Island. Just downstairs from Ichiza and a few doors down from Yagyu.Parking:  You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya punk????Final thoughts:  This could possibly be a great "wotaku" hangout in Las Vegas or just a nice friendly place to chill out and watch whatever Anime they happened to have on at the time. Waitresses are definitely the friendliest I have encountered around LV.  Have yet to wait for a table, and the place is larger and seats more people than Monta.Note:  Accepts debit cards and only MasterCard at the moment, which hopefully will change after Chase card processing is also approved.As of Oct 3, 2011, there are no more 25% grand opening discount.
3	Anime Ramen? I laughed a bit, but what the heck why not give it a try.The decor is pretty simple and gets the job. There are anime canvas posters on the wall and anime window poster shade things on the side. The girls who work here dress like maids and have typical anime girl hair, adds well to the overall theme of the restaurant. They were nice, but their service needs a little bit of fine tuning. Waitress came by and read us the drinks on the menu, and when we said water she took away the menu without giving us a chance to take a look. They seem like nice girls though.Now to the important part, FOOD!I will be comparing the food to Monta a lot because.. it is the one to beat.Definitely not on the same level as Monta and ramen is slightly more expensive (@ $8/bowl). The way that they serve the ramen was interesting, had a spoon that lays perfectly on the side of the bowl, but the soup is filled only to the height of the noodles. Personally I prefer my noodles to be "drowned" in soup. The miso ramen was somewhat bland, but with the increase in price they do come with a few extra amenities like half an egg and corn. Tonkotsu ramen soup was less salty than Monta, but didn't deliver. The pork that is served is also thinner than Monta's. I had no problem with the noodles since they were cooked al dente. Lastly the gyoza was okay, the taste did not compensate for its smaller size @ $5/plate.At this time they don't take any credit cards other than Master (weird) unless you're paying with debit. I will probably come back in the future to try the chicken wings, but I'm in no rush to come back.
5	Just amazing! The teriyaki chicken was really good and the overall look of the place is so cool :D not much to pick from, but hopefully more stuff will be added onto the menu. overall, I LIKE IT!
4	I was tipped off by a friend who heard from Ichiza's chef that this new ramen spot was worth a try.  Cute anime themed waitresses, ramen, and even a Thai dish or too.  We had to try it!Feeling in a spicy mood, I ordered the tom yum with ramen noodles.  I also ordered the California rolls.  I heard that the owner, or someone associated with the owner, used to own one of the Thai restaurants in town.  I was quite surprised at how tasty my tom yum was!  I expected it to have more of a Japanese slant on this classic Thai dish, but surprisingly it was pretty much Thai style.  Lemongrass, galanga root, and basil.  The broth had a nice, savory flavor with a slight tang to it.  The ramen noodles were good in this tom yum, which I guess actually did give it a Japanese twist.  My friend thought that the noodles were slightly overcooked, but I didn't detect anything like that in mine.  I ordered a level 8 spice level, and the waitress thought I was a crazy white guy.  Well, for me the level was more like a 5.  Still good stuff though!The California rolls were generous in size.  They were tasty, perhaps not the best tasting CA rolls I have ever had, but a great appetizer.  My friend did like his Tonkotsu, but he felt that the noodles and Chashu are better at 'that other ramen place'.  I would maybe say that the ramen is just a different style, and perhaps healthier than 'that other ramen place'.  I had fun here, and I would like to go again.  The service was very friendly, although perhaps a bit inexperienced.  Our waitress had a tough time splitting our check between 8 or so people.  Still, she constantly checked up on us and even struck up some casual conversation.  She was definitely serious about her job, and cute too... hard to find that combination in this town!
4	***4.5 stars*** I got to try this place out after reading fellow yelper Tony T's review.  When I stepped into this restaurant and I instantly felt like I was in Tokyo. The cute little waitresses in their maid outfits reminded me of the maid cafes in Tokyo.  The only difference here is that they speak very good English and they don''t call their customers "Master".   Since this is their soft opening, all their menu items were 25% off.  What a sweet deal considering how expensive Japanese food could be.  But actually their menu items are reasonably priced.  We had their gyoza, karaage fried chicken, tonkotsu ramen, miso ramen, and the grilled salmon platter.  All this for under $30.00 (with the 25% off).  The gyoza was quite tasty, but I must say that these were the smallest gyoza I have ever had.  The karaage chicken wings came with ketchup and Japanese mayonnaise dip.  It was good, but probably would not order this again because it is deep fried.  I had the miso ramen.  The presentation of the ramen bowl was very pretty and just like the ones you get in Japan.  The miso broth though could have been more concentrated, but not bad.  My wife had the tonkotsu ramen and she really enjoyed it.  The broth was excellent and the egg, sliced roasted pork and other condiments complemented each other very well.  The roasted pork slices in the ramen could have been sliced a little more thicker.  My friend had their grilled salmon platter.  It came with two pieces of sushi, steamed rice, broccoli and macaroni salad.  She substituted the macaroni salad for the seaweed salad.  She also enjoyed her dish.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the two waitress kept coming around wanting clear away our dishes when we haven't even finished eating.  To me the service was a little on the annoying side, with them coming by every 5 minutes to check on us.   But this won't keep me from coming back as their food is quite good and as authentic as it gets.  Who needs to go to Japan for good ramen, just step into Anime Ramen and enjoy!
2	Exactly what the rating describes....Meh I've experienced better.Ramen was mediocre, not bad bad, but only 1/4 of the greatness of Monta.   However, the main reason I give this place 2 stars is due to their horrendous chicken wings.  Worst wings I've had all year and possibly in my life.  They were pounded with flour and deep fried to perfect destruction, had absolutley no flavor at all, and ketchup and mayonaise my friend, does not cut it.On to the cool things about this place, the theme and decor was defintely well planned.  Waitresses were cute n cool but no cosplay, only colored wigs which was a dissapointment.I'd give it about a 2.5 stars since they offered 25% off but once that's gone, the only reason I'd come back is for kicks and no expectations of great food.  Was that harsh? sorry..
4	Food 7/10 (Udon and ramen taste prepacked, but sure hits the spot for a lunch hangout price is reasonable too. Comfort food is comfortable)Drinks 6/10 (Ramune, soda and gatorade... Alcohol coming soon, should make specialty themed drinks clean glasses)Environment 9/10 (Anime themed paintings adorn the wall, various popular anime series play on the 42" flatscreen, anime music playing in the speakers... Im in anime heaven!)Enjoyment 10//10 (I've observed people coming to dine alone, but this place is best viewed with a couple of friends. Great hangout potential)Overall 32/40 = 4 stars (Food satisfied my appetite, cosplay maids made us laugh and smile. They were hella cute and were very polite and attentive. Finding that combination is VERY rare for this price range.)Do you know how many anime themed stores/restaurants are there in the greater Las Vegas area? Exactly, there aren't any. The Vegas anime community may not be as large as LA or NYC, but its still large enough to warrant themed restaurant or two. That's where Anime Ramen comes in.Tucked away in a small 10x20 ft space in the corner of a chinatown shopping center Lies this small, quaint little restaurant. Even the Restaunts window sign spills slightly over the neighboring restaurants window space. I didn't notice till the owner of the other restaurant was yelling at the owner of this place. Its so small and innocent that you can't help but wish good things for this place. Much like the building space, the servers are cute, petite, and friendly. Very helpful and pleasing to the eyes. Not like the various Hooter-esqe joints this area is plagued with. Anyone that is looking for an anime friendly place don't need to look any further. BUT there is no point to go to this place if the food is horrible right? let me tell you the food isn't horrible at all. It's also not the best in town. I'd say that this place is pretty good for what its worth. Sure ramen portions aren't as large as other restaurant, but for $7-10 for a healthy bowl of ramen is fine. Don't expect to be eating foie gras or some Kobe beef carpaccio. Ramen is comfort food and does its job just fine. My two friends and I tried all different kinds of Pork, seafood, and miso. The flavor of all 3 don't overpower you. It smells good and they tasted good so we all agreed it was good food. Not great but, good :)Regardless of your opinion of how this place is from others, I feel its mandatory for any anime/manga fan to at least try this place. Since I'm very sure things like this just don't come around Vegas at all. Come for the food stay for the atmosphere. Possible good hangout spot for anime/manga fans alike.
5	I literally did an illegal U-Turn to get to this place when I saw the sign! Whoops! Even more exciting, they have vegetarian miso ramen! I forgot to ask if it was vegan, but having vegetarian ramen options is such a rarity at all in town. You have the option of getting regular or udon noodles. The broth was flavorful despite the lack of animal parts. I didn't get a chance to try the dessert items, but the honey toast looked awesome.The service was friendly and attentive, and super cute! I loved the theme, they had Japanese music playing and anime running on the TVs. Dream come true!
4	Great service! The anime themed/dressed waitresses were polite, attentive and very friendly.  I hope more anime waitresses are hired in the future.  The more the merrier.The food was tasty and enjoyable.  Broth of the ramen was flavorful and the pork was great too.  Great place for a quick, fun, and tasty lunch.This about sums it up for me:  For chicken wings, I love going to Hooters and Buffalo Wild Wings.   I enjoy the food at both places, but they both provide me a pleasant atmosphere and experience in their own style.  Anime Ramen is my Ramen match for Monta...got it? =)Great place...check it out and Enjoy...
4	Tried this place out after reading about it on Yelp. The waitresses are dressed like anime characters and its actually kind of cute. I ordered the Miso Ramen and it was delicious! The noodles were a great consistency, the broth was delicious and the toppings were plentiful.I'll definitely be back to try the other items, especially the Kim Chi Fried Rice that I kept eyeing.
4	Cool place! Their ramen isn't the best thing on the menu, but I really liked the mini sliders. The environment of this place is great, as are the friendly and cute waitresses (with colorful hair). There is framed art from various anime even I recognized such as Death Note, One Piece, Naruto and Ruroni Kenshin and anime music videos play on the TV's. For the atmosphere, this is a pretty unique place and I'm glad to welcome to Las Vegas. Hope it lasts!
1	i order tonkatsu ramen. [the only good part about it was the perfectly cooked egg. other than that, there was nothing that make me ever want to go back. the soup base tasted like it was made from an instant package.the meat was sliced SUPER THING and it was over cooked, the "fatty" part of the meat turned into something that tasted like super chewy cartilage]i didn't finish my ramen, i didn't even eat half. the service was EH, the waitress i had was very nice, but knew nothing about the menu. i asked y my ramen was different from my friend who ordered a miso based soup and she didn't know y. she brought out orders without spoons, so i had to ask the other girl for one. her excuse is that she's knew and she doesn't know. but i'm wondering how hard is it to know the differences between FOUR ramen choices. pet peeve!!  waiters/waitresses who don't study their menus.this place is worse than MONTA.
3	I do LIKE the decor :D! I recognized a bunch of them (I'm not an avid anime watcher) so they're mostly the more popular anime/manga. I especially like the Death Note ones (but with Code Geass characters would be pretty bombass).Any who, THE FOOD! First off, I decided to try their boba milk tea (cappuccino flavor) which wasn't a good idea. The end taste was a little weird and it also made me bloated (I usually get water so I guess I shouldn't get anything other than that) so I got full easier (probably different for you guys).The ramen was pretty yummy. I definitely liked it. I saw the beansprouts as being a little odd but it actually fit in quite well for me. The ramen was $8 but we came during their 25% off soft opening special so it ended up to be $6 for us. My tonkotsu ramen came with the pork and the egg.Service is a bit off cause I had to ask three times before I got my water. The servers are dressed in anime outfits (especially their colorful hair) and they're friendly. I'll probably try their boba smoothie (my friend loved the strawberry boba smoothie) next time with some appetizers ^^v.
2	Lost points for a couple reasons.Took a group there for lunch and 3 of us ordered iced green tea, only to find out that the tea was not brewed yet and it would take a while.  So we ended up ordering bottled water.Then 3 of the 6 ordered the pork dish, only to find out they are out of pork.  So they get teriyaki.  My ramen was tasty and the kimchee fried rice was great.  But the service and stock needs a little work.
4	Totally Love this place. The decor is a great start but i found myself imagining what I would do with the place, so i think there's definitely room to liven it up.FOOD~First thing i tried was the Tonkotsu, which compared to Monta's wasn't to par but it was delicious!!!Then the second time i tried kaage wings, while i was eating them i couldn't help but to think "what does this need??" SAUCE! So i asked the waitress and they had a sweet and sour sauce...IT WAS AMAZING, they should really offer that as a side or just dip it in, i don't care.Third time i had the Teriyaki chicken, Loved It. The portion of terichicken was small, rice was good and it came with a macaroni salad and 2 rolls. So far my Fav.SERVICE~ Really friendly, i could tell they were trying their best.I believe they'll only get better. I hope they listen to the critics because they want to LOVE this place. It's a great addition to the many restaurants and hang spots in chinatown. All i know once they get their liquor license and hopefully a amateur karaoke night, it'll be amazing.
4	If you have ever attended a themed Maid/Cosplay cafe in Japan or otherwise, half the time the food isn't really up to the typical standard of a regular teriyaki or noodle house.  They oftentimes are there for the simple notion of enjoying a themed meal with cute servers and entertaining atmosphere.  Thankfully, when I stopped by Anime Ramen &Teriyaki Cafe a few days ago, I had an overall pleasant experience thanks in part to a clean establishment with chirpy, "genki"-esque girls, and pretty decent food.The angle here of course is Anime.  Giant prints hang on the walls from anime "Japanese Animation" work such as Kenshin, Naruto, Bleach, and other popular titles.  Thank God I'm in my twenties and not in my teens because if I was in my teens I would have lost my mind and been here all. the. time.  I tried the teriyaki sliders, the pork based noodle bowl, and iced tea, which was an original mix of theirs.  The tea was pretty decent, the sliders were excellent, nicely presented, and the pork bowl was flavourful, with good chunks of meat with Udon noodles (Which was presented as a choice.)  The sliders were definitely the best feature of my meal.  I'm a Pho kind of guy and I prefer Pho over Ramen as it's more flavourful and healthier (depending on the venue as far as salt is concerned.)I wanted boba tea but they were out of boba so that was a no-go.  Apparently they also have a liquor license on the way so we'll see how that goes over.  Service was a litle scattered but otherwise very pleasant.  The servers are adorable girls in wigs who greet and see you out with the typical Japanese phrases, (although ordering in Japanese doesn't work, so don't try to show off your skills if you hanasemasu Nihongo.)  They managed to talk me into trying the Honey Toast, (which after, despite my love for Ichiza, I have tried and disliked due to how overly sweet and how you can only enjoy 1/3 of the actual toast), which was really good!  Think of it as Honey French Toast, every bit is edible and it's less to deal with.  So, that said: I was quite pleased with Anime & Ramen Cafe but there is room for improvement being that the business is all of three weeks old:  -I would like to see a better pacing to my meal i.e. if I order appetizer and meal, I'd like the appetizer to arrive prior to my actual meal.  -My water refills were a little slow and I had all three waitresses, minutes within each other attempt talk me into dessert, even after the first waitress talked me into it.  -A football game on the monitor?  Seriously?  People come here to get their geek on, don't put on anything else but programs pertaining to this scene.Cute place, decent food, friendly service.  Go get your anime fan on.
5	Love the place... Love the decor... Love my ramen... Love my karaage...love my free Thai tea boba... Hahahahhaha
4	It is really neat seeing the waitresses dressed in anime costumes. The whole place is adorned with anime pictures and videos of anime playing on the television screens. The waitresses were really nice and friendly. Their menu seems to be very limited, but the stuff that they do have is pretty good, for ramen that is.
1	No
5	The food was good.  Even after eating so much, there was still more food. ANd the service was great. :)
5	I'd like to say that I'm going to enjoy coming here every week. The greeting  from the waitresses was surprising at first and gave me the impression that this place was gonna be fun. I loved the whole color scheme (I'm really antsy when it comes to colors blending, complimenting each other, etc). The decorations from the wall, to the bar, to the lamp above your head, it gives a fairly comforting atmosphere. The waitresses are all bubbly and are a lot of fun talking to. I probably have never seen them frown even a little, so far. Anyways, the food. I've tried almost everything and so far, I'm in love with Tom Yum, udon noodles. I've tried chicken and shrimp, both are going to be my regular whenever I come by. The broth isn't too spicy, but spicy enough to hit the spot. I would only have one complaint though for the shrimp. I hate taking off the hard shell tails. :/ The teri chickens could have a little more teriyaki sauce, but that's more of a personal preference. It also comes the mac salad, a couple cali rolls, and something else, I totally forgot (I think it's green... something...). Teri Sliders were amazing though. I personally don't like pineapple, but the sauces and meat that compliment it make it bearable to eat. It's just a little pain to pick it up because the breads soaked with teriyaki sauce on the bottom bun. Minor setback from my epic nom noming. The food is great, just needs a little work here and there, but all in all, great. It's not a pocket breaker either, none of the food is really expensive. The portion sized compared to how much it costs seems about right.*Liquor license is on the way, probably expecting a lot more business after that's settled. Definitely late at night, Chinatown seems like a 24 hour place anyways.*Waitresses look like they enjoy their job too much sometimes. Pretty fun talking to them, if you can get the chance. How are they always so bubbly?*Relaxing, chilled atmosphere. Interesting anime on TV, wall decorations are really nice, comfortable seats, and the restrooms have a anime photo next to the "Men/Women" sign. Fun facts yo.*Will be coming here more often~
4	Can't say there was much of a selection as far as ramen goes.. BUT, the servers did mention they were in the midst of changing up the menu.  Hopefully they address that issue.. AND, one last negative comment before this review takes a positive spin - invest in mugs!!  It was terrible that i got served hot tea in a regular cup.  Really?!  Ok, now onto dessert... I LOVED the Honey Toast!  The portion size is enough for two... but I couldn't help but down the thing myself.  You can doooo it! :)Technically I'm giving this spot 3.5 stars.. I rounded up because I think the novelty is pretty original (in Vegas at least) and I think there is a lot of potential.
5	When you step through the doors of Anime Ramen & Teriyaki, it takes you out of Las Vegas and brings you to Japan.  The greeting you get, when you arrive and the Japanese "arigato" when you depart is a definite plus.  And the food, service and presentation is excellent.  I found this place just driving by on Spring Mountain.  I took my wife, the first nite and she enjoyed her shoyu ramen and I had the Teriyaki chix (comes with veggies, sushi and mac. salad).  It was so excellent, I took my son last nite and he enjoyed it too.   You have to try the fried tempura ice cream!  It is definitely Las Vegas's first Japanese Theme Restaurant and I would recommend this--open late on weekends.  Can't wait to go back!
3	the weather has finally cooled down and what a better way to celebrate than with some ramen. I decided to try this place because of the anime theme it had, sounded cool. It was definately different walking in to see the bright haired waitresses and the Anime on TV. The Menu was pretty small so i tried the Terri Sliders and the Tonkatsu Ramen.The sliders were tasty. cooked perfectly with grilled pineapple chunk,lettuce tomato and onion.4 little ones for $7..little overpricedThe Ramen was very tasty. Broth was nice with a plentiful amount of noodles, some pork and 1/2 an egg.$8..I would go back for more for a ramen fix, especially if the "other place" is crowded.
4	So here's the low down with this new hot spot.  The tthing is ..I've tasted better BUT...Thats if you are from a region like So-Cal or a place that has a lot of japanes food spots like japan town in SF.  If thats the case = you may be disappointed with the food you get here...But lets face it, we are in Las Vegas...you scale needs to adjust according to the competition a business has, how long they've been in business..(they usually get better or just go outta business..lol) and customer service!...So all in all.. I LIKE!This place is cute, definitely different than the spots here in vegas.  The service was nice.  My server's name is Kim and she did a pretty good job of serving us even as every booth filled after we were seated.  We order Kim Chi fried rice and Shoyu.  The Kim Chi fried rice was good, spicy but not to the extreme.  Flavor was decent.  The shoyu was not bad but it was a tad bland (could use a bit more sea salt). They are currently offering free milk tea/thai tea boba drinks for ordering Entrees.  The idea was great but I have to say, I've had better boba drinks.  The flavor was good but they put too much ice into the free drink..guess thats why its free to begin with.  The boba was firm/chewy on the inside but soggy on the exterior.  I know they were fresh but a quick tip for you guys if you are reading ANIME RAMEN: instead of keeping them in water after you are done...Boil for 25-35 mins, then cover the pot and turn off the stove..let sit for 25-30 mins...Then strain and mix with pure honey......That will keep it from sticking to each other rather than leaving them in warm water for extended periods of time (causing the soggyness of the boba :( Secondly...I know it takes a bit more time, but cook the boba twice a day...if you could afford the time,   you have a rush during lunch time, another rush for dinner..make sure they are fresh for dinner time.  Less ice in the drinks please (3.50 is a bit hefty to pay for that much milk tea)Otherwise, I will be coming back.  Thanks again Kim for the awesome genuine customer service.  Oh and expand the menu please!Come visit and comment on yelp about their service.  As Kim mentioned they read this stuff and the next time you come in, you'll get free mochi ice cream for commenting...constructive critisms are also welcome as confirmed by the waitress so go on : post away!!TK
3	Servers and hostesses were sporting anime outfits consisting of Pokemon shirts and colorful wigs. Hung all over the restaurant were Japanese anime paintings. I came in for lunch when it wasn't busy and was bummed that they weren't offering their 25% off deal anymore. Their selection of food was small, consisting of tapas and soup. I noticed they offered a variety of soup, which you can chose to have either ramen or udon noodles. My buddy got the miso ramen and an avocado smoothie & I got the tonkatsu ramen and teri-sliders.Both of the soups lacked flavor from their broth and was waaaay oily! The pork meat they put in there was pretty much all fat, edible but gross. The avocado smoothie was good but the boba was the kind that fell apart in your mouth. The best thing I had was the teri-sliders. You get 4 to an order which comes with LTO & a yummy teriyaki sauce.  Service was good but for the price range and quality of food they offer I'm not impressed.Rating: 2.5
5	i went home from sick from school today, and i decided i needed some hot soup. I had been meaning to try this place for a while. The bad reviews on here scared me though. I drove here in the middle afternoon for nice lunch, and I feel like i got so much more.Love the outer decor. Sailor Moon on the window? Score! Also, the inner decor is nice as well. It's much nicer than people are describing on here. I like to refer to it as asia-chic. IT's not traditional, but it's definitely japanese inspired. also, the pictures of anime on the wall are much more than some posters. they are high quality canvas print panels, and they also have j-pop playing in the background, with gundam anime on the two flatscreen TVs. The cute waitresses in colored wigs and fun outfits greet you in japanese, much like they do in japan (they do this for everyone who comes in, no matter what they happen to be doing at the time. It's really fun. they also thank you as you leave in the same manner.)I ordered the tom-yum ramen, some hot tea, and honey toast. Hot tea was good- but i do agree with another reviewer, they need coffee mugs. The ramen was delicious. It was everything i love about ramen- greasy, delicious slurpable noodles, chicken chunks, and a spicy broth that really helped with my cold. Plus, the serving portion was huge. Definitely worth the $8.Loved the honey toast too. really delicious desert.anyways, i kinda loved it. I thought the food was delicious and the service was great. I'll be back!
2	I thought this place had a great idea but the quality of the ramen was lousy. The tonkatsu broth did not have any pork flavor at all and noodles was so so. Hope they get better.
4	The food is fairly good. Not the best I've tasted, but the atmosphere is great with the anime playing on TV and the cute, friendly waitresses dressed in their anime shirts. It has a very comforting feel. :) brings me back to my childhood.
3	I wanted to check this place out, since I had become a huge fan of ramen from my New York trip. Also, I Jay-son (the owner) also manages/ owns Satay Grille, so I did have a certain expectation coming in of the service, since the service is great at Satay. Now, this isn't Ippudo in New York, so I am not grading it as such. I'm about the "bang for your buck" type of places. Ippudo in New York is expensive, so of course you expect awesome ramen and service there.  But this place is actually very very good for fraction of the cost. And the service is actually up to par. When you walk in, all the waitresses (who happen to be dressed in anime style) greet you. Now, This might sound sexist, crass, and/ or racist... but if you are guy who is super into asian chicks... you should come here. If not for the food... then to look at the cute anime chicks (Come on... this Vegas anyways... and it is all in good taste). I said that comment because my friend who likes asian women said, "the food is really good... but I really like the 'enviroment.' A lot to look at." (he meant the females all dressed in anime).   As for the food, I have been here a few times. And within those few times, I have tasted the Tonkatsu, Shoyu, the Pork on Rice, the Teri Chicken, the Teri Salmon, and the honey toast. For the ramen, I would have to say that I read some of the previous reviews and some are comparing it to Monta. That is a fair comparison since Monta is the only other place I know of that serves ramen. But if you all notice that the ramens at Anime come pretty complete with all the condiments (i.e. half an egg, bean sprouts, cha-shiu, onion etc , versus at Monta (where you have to pay for each additional condiment... maybe you can grade a bit differently). Yes, I agree with some of you that the ramen might taste a bit bland... but I spoke to Jay-son (the owner). And the reason they do that is because they tried different combinations for each soup. And the census showed that more people would rather it come out a bit blander so that they can add how salty, spicy, etc. that they want it. These are also generous sizes. The rice plates are very good too. But I thought I would put more of my attentions to the ramen, since the place is called Anime Ramen. I highly recommend the pork over rice or the salmon. They come with 2 decent size California rolls, a large scoop of rice (more like two), veggies, and mac salad. Highly recommend closing your dinner with their Honey Toast. It isn't like the Ichiza one. This one comes as three Texas toasts, prepared in French toast style, with ice cream and honey drizzle. I will probably go again and again and again.  The employees may seem inexperienced, but the place is new. But for inexperienced employees, they are all very very nice.  I have had three different servers and they all seem to have the same quality of service, as in constantly checking up on us, giving us recommendations, and even tried to strike up a conversation.
3	I've been an anime/manga fan for 25 years, and a cosplayer for 20. I'm also a tad snarky in regards to my chosen fandom. So, seeing this new ramen-ya named Anime Ramen, I -had- to give it a shot. I went for lunch and was underwhelmed, sadly. But, i'm a staunch lover of Monta, so my expectations were very high, so there's that. The atmosphere is fantastic, if you adore Naruto, and the current anime trends. They blast anime and video game soundtracks, which was fine, but not everyone's cup of tea. The place is trying for a "maid cafe" concept like they have in Japan, but it's a bit lacking. The girls don't wear wig-caps for their head, so their anime-esque wigs look not only low-quality, but VERY messy. They are friendly enough, but seem a bit scared of things, still. My guess is for some, this is their first wait-service job, and it shows. The food is only average, to me. The gyoza tasted like frozen from a bag, and the tonkotsu ramen was okay, but not as delicious as Monta to me. They give 3, paper-thin slices of bland chashu in the ramen. The one thing I loved about the ramen? The French fried onion straws in it!BIG props to the fact they serve good boba tea! I got the almond milk tea, and it was delicious! It's good enough that is Tea Planet is busy, i'll gladly stop into here and get my fix. My thoughts, if you're a parent with a kid hard-core into anime, take them here! You won't starve, and your kid will love the experience. I promise the opening theme to Cutey Honey will get stuck in your head for days, later! ^_^
3	A second anime restaurant in Vegas opening a month apart? Had to check it out. It was small but very modern, printed anime canvas decorate the walls. I had fun showing off how nerdy I was by naming the anime they had there. They had anime playing on the flat screan monitor. The menu is made to look like a page out of a manga. Pretty funny, pretty cool. What I thought was awesome about this place was that they had a Vegan option! YAY! Service was good and the colored wigs gave a slight feel of animeness. My freinds were all complaining how the food tasted like instant Maruchan noodles, and how the meat they got was thinner than a slice of deli ham. They ended up eating everything though, then complained they were still hungry lol. I don't eat meat or Maruchan, so I rather enjoyed my bowl of ramen. Albeit, I left hungry as well.
5	Perfect place to let your inner hungry otaku out! The portions are on the larger size so that makes me happy. I accidentally ordered too many things but the pain was worth it. Loved that they were playing Naruto when we came in and the servers were fun and attentive. Can't wait to go back and have some more ramen.
4	They really nailed the anime theme. I was impressed by 28GO's robotic wall decor. Theirs is minimal but effective. On the other hand, Anime Ramen is in your face. In a good way. I love all the canvases spread out around their walls. There's barely an empty spot. With bright and playful colors, they've done a great job of transporting you to a different world.I admit that I don't know that much about anime. A Rurouni Kenshin piece on the wall looked familiar, but I had to ask my friend to confirm. However, I was excited to see them playing Howl's Moving Castle on the screens--it's one of my favorite Miyazaki films.Oh right. You probably want to know about the food. I figured I should try the Tonkotsu Ramen as a baseline comparison metric. To be honest, I haven't been to Monta in a long time. And at 28GO, I had something different. Nevertheless, Anime Ramen's Tonkotsu was delicious. The broth was flavorful without being salty (though I've never experienced the overly salty broth at Monta that other people seem to complain about). I didn't even add any condiments to spice it up--my friends went to town with the chili pastes and powders and the like. I was content to savor the soup the way it came out.I'm not willing to crown a Vegas ramen champion. I'm a fan of all three places and I hope they all succeed. With this place opening up, the Vegas noodle scene has literally and figuratively gotten a little brighter.
1	Was really disappointed with this place! Ramen was bland and left an after taste, gyoza tasted like the frozen package stuff, and edemame was partially cold. Will stick to Monta! But nothing compares to Ippudo in NYC!!!
4	I pass by this joint everyday coming from work and one day decided to check it out. I must say that the Tom Yum Ramen was incredible! When we went, they were offering free bobas with purchase of entree. Yay freebies!Now when you walk in, the brightfully colored wigged staff greets you like most Japanese places in town. You seat yourself and they come by and take your order. The environment is relaxed and cozy. The decor features anime art plus you have anime playing on the tvs, except for that one tv that plays American football. The staff is nice but they do seem a bit inexperienced. They did forget a couple things here and there but my only issue was when they kept asking how we were doing every 5 mins. It just becomes annoying after a while. The guys I was with did mention how they enjoyed the scenery at the place and would come back to just "hang out" there. Men!Anwyays, yes the menu is small but what more could you want? They have ramen, fried rice, some appetizers and bento boxes. And they're portions are actually a decent size for the price you're paying.At $8 a bowl, we ordered the miso ramen, tom yum ramen, kimchi fried rice ($6) and the usual teri beef (?). First off, this isn't Monta or Ichiza but I give these guys kudos for trying to bring this concept to Vegas. The fried rice was better than I expected, actually I enjoyed it better than Shuseki's version. Ichiza's is still my favorite. The only thing is that, the rice did contain pork so if you're not a pork fan you might want to make note of this before you order it.The Miso ramen wasn't bad. The guy that ordered it enjoyed it very much and said it was very flavorful. I tasted the broth and the broth was nicely flavored. Not too bland but also not too salty.I ordered the tom yum ramen and honestly I couldn't stop eating it! I love tom yum and their version was very comparable to some of the Thai places around town. Add some ramen with the chicken and mushrooms and you have a winner winner chicken dinner. I ordered it spicier but alas I still needed to kick it up a notch. Just thinking about it makes me crave a bowl. Normally I can't down the big bowls of ramen, which is a bit surprisingly since I usually have a big appetite, but I did find myself scrapping the bottom of this bowl. This surprised me, that never happens! I was so full but was determinded to not this go to waste. To top it off, the Thai Ice Tea boba went down great with it. So with that being said, yes it's not Monta or Ichiza but at least give it a try and judge for yourself. I like the concept of it especially since it's Vegas! Despite what some might say or think, Las Vegas has a pretty decent Chinatown compared to some other cities. We need to support these places before they go away with this economy.
4	I discovered this place not too terribly long ago, and as Paolo D. said, 28GO is minimalistic (but cool), Anime Ramen & Teriaki takes the idea and runs.Don't get me wrong: I like my anime.  I grew up on the staples of Akira, Fist of the North Star, Vampire Hunter D and a good ol' fashioned Studio Ghibli film or five.  This place really took me to that nerdtastic time in my life.The set-up is great: Bright, cheery, with upbeat J-Pop playing as anime dressed girls greet you in Japanese.  The art is everywhere, but is very nice and classy (I do wish they had some of the old-school classics, but what they had was fun).  On TV, some Pokemon episode was playing.  When we walked in, we were the only ones there.  About halfway through our meal, the place became packed.  Talk about good timing.The food, however, was just right for the outing.  Their gyoza is pretty darn tasty, as are their HUGE bowls of ramen.  Everything was hot and flavorful.  Even their boba teas were excellent and sweet.Service was very nice.  The girls checked by often, but not enough to become overbearing.  They were always on top of things, and super friendly.  I appreciate the effort they put into their costumes.  It's not as crazy as some theme restaurants that I've been, but it still makes it point that the name of their game is anime.  Even their little business cards are styled after one of those trading card games, which I found charming.  It's the appreciation to details (and the tasty food) that made this experience memorable.So memorable, in fact, that it ensures that I'll be going to this place again, and soon.  It's a neat, clever idea, and I'm glad that someone obviously has fun with the business that they run.
3	The ramen is ma ma desu at best. pretty salty and not enough stuff in it. Not sure if they offer a larger size bowl of noodles but they should. This place is definitely decked out with anime decor and servers are all in cosplay. Mecha Kawaii. The setup and server is definitely what makes this place "Anime". They even play anime on their TVs. If there is one thing you should order from here it's the "Honey Toast" ice cream dessert.
3	Came here because we saw it was anime and ramen. Husband loves naruto but it was a disappointment. Service but slow and lacking. We still had our menus in our hands and they were bringing us food. Then we ordered our food and they brought us the wrong ramen.  The ramen was no good.  Tom yum ramen didn't have the taste of tom yum.  Miso ramen didnt taste that good either.  I wanted to like and come back but can't do.
3	Finally had a chance to try this place on a cold and rainy night. The perfect time for some hot ramen in my belly! This place is located in Chinatown, below Ichiza. The neon sign and anime characters outside are hard to miss.Right when we walked in, I was greeted with bright neon colors of anime characters all over the restaurant. Anime cartoons were blasted on their flat screen TVs. The cute waitresses in their costumes looked like they stepped out of an anime. The attention to detail and the execution of their concept was impressive!I was a little ticked off at first because the waitresses took a while to take our order. The place wasn't that busy and it seemed they didn't have their priorities straight when we've been sitting there about 15 minutes and one waitress was sweeping. My husband and I ordered the Karaage Chicken Wings to start. He ordered the Shoyu Ramen and I got the Tonkotsu Ramen. Luckily the food didn't take long. It was weird that they brought the ramen out before the wings but no biggie. My husband and I tasted each other's soup and although I liked the Tonkotsu Ramen better, it wasn't that great. Like other Yelpers said, it just doesn't compare to Monta.The chicken wings were actually boneless and were also mediocre. We had the Honey Toast for dessert and it was my favorite part of the meal. I always hear how good Ichiza's Honey Toast is, but I have always been too full to try it. I don't know which one is better, but I really enjoyed the dessert here.The waitresses were good about checking in on us after our food was brought out so the initial annoyance I had went away. I also have to give them extra brownie points for being so darn cute!All in all, Anime Ramen has a cute concept and is a great place to hang with a group of friends; however, when I have a craving for ramen I don't think this will be my go-to place.
3	It's  alright, cute servers , ramen its ok wasn't too crazy about it
2	Been here a month ago and decided to try a few things. Ramen was ok at best. Gyoza was forgettable. And there teriyaki steak was some of the worst I had in a long time.  Overall cool concept but they really need to revamp their food to survive.
3	I'm a huge fan of of the Hue Thai family. Check out my Dukedom of Mr. Sandwich! But I'm quite disappointed with their latest venture. To sum up what I think of the food, it's Vietnamese people making Ramen. That may sound biased, but imagine how you feel about traveling all the way to Santorini, Greece and ordering Moo Goo Gai Pan.The issue I have with a place like this, is that the identity is muddled. Are you serving Japanese food, Chinese food, or Thai food? I mean, each region tastes O.K., but that's exactly the 3 stars review A-OK. Nothing spectacular. No punch in flavor and nothing to stand out. When I crave Ramen, I go Monta, when I crave Tom Yum, I go Thai Style, When I crave Japanese treats, I go Ichiza.
2	Their food is okay, maybe its cause i expected too much from what my friends had said. SHOYU RAMEN was bomb , but when i got their tom yum soup, EEK! not the best .. not too good either. best desert was the honey toast but i still like Ichiza's honey toast better.
4	The prices were decent, first off!!!  The ramen was awesome!  My friend and I both ordered appetizers first.  We ordered California rolls and Gyoza to munch  on prior and they were each like $5 for 6 each which is decent and they were delicious!!My friend had the Shoyu ramen.  It was really good, the portion is BIG!!! I had Kotsu(something I can't pronounce -_-) with ramen and it was really good.  I enjoyed the ramen noodles, they seemed like they were freshly made there.The Boba...were delicious, enviable to Tea Station. :-)
3	Rurouni Kenshin.  Dragon Ball Z.  Noodles.  There are many things from Japan that I've liked throughout my life.  Some animated, some edible.  Both of those worlds combine into one of the cuter restaurants I've been to.  Anime Ramen happily provides what you would expect from their name.The walls are decorated with art from different anime, the TV shows anime, and the waitresses wear colorful wigs that would not look out of place in an anime.  I didn't see any giant robots or guys with spike hair and huge swords, but I guess that would have taken away from the cute factor.Soups offered here are interesting in that you first choose your broth, followed by the type of noodles.  Broths include your shoyu, tonkotsu and miso ramens, but also include other varieties such as tom yum.  Noodles can either be ramen or udon.  Based on ramen being part of the restaurant name, I've tried the shoyu ramen and tonkotsu ramen.The ramen here is good, though the meal is a bit of a rollercoaster ride for me.  There are no add-ons available for your ramen (aw), but all the bowls do include a boiled egg and seaweed (yay!).  Instead of getting only two slices of chashu pork you're treated to three (yay!), but I think that it could have used a bit more boiling and flavor (aw).  The broths are flavorful and not salty, so its easy to find yourself slurping up every last drop.  The tables don't have garlic and ginger for you to add to your soup, but you can ask for some ginger from the kitchen.I think your experience here will depend on what you like the most abouta bowl of ramen.  For me, it all averaged out to a decent bowl that I will enjoy every now and then in the future.
3	Ichiza was full and we were in a honey toast mood! We had dinner, but had a craving for a comforting sweet! So their honey toast is more honey french toast instead of the toasted box served upstairs. BF thinks he likes this better. I think they're both good but different. It hit the spot. BF and I also got a taro boba shake which was solid, but the boba was slightly softer than I would like. Can't really comment on the namesake as I havent gotten that yet. Now, when we said we wanted a boba shake, water and some honey toast our server made a face and was kinda pissy about it I guess because we weren't there to eat or didn't order one honey toast each. She even told us we should order two! I would think that's better than no money. Pfft. Another server was much more nicer and was the one who came back to check on us so there may be some good servers in the mix. I'll probably be back, but I won't sit in that bitches section.
4	I like the shoyu ramen and the honey toast.  I thought that the kim chee fried rice was decent.I thought that the atmosphere was cool....it is a different idea!
2	Cute little ramen place with friendly service and cool atmosphere. It looked like a place that you can hang out with friends for a casual meal. Unfortunately the food wasn't really that impressive. I ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and it tasted fine but was just a tad under-seasoned. I also ordered  the  Chicken Karaage. It was nicely fried but it too was on the bland side. This place has potential but not enough at the moment.
4	Not too shabby!  Great place to bring the kids to. I read reports of several of the Yelpers and figured I had to try it. 1.  Location - Just west of the Chinatown Plaza mall in the next strip mall. Easy parking.2.  Ambiance - WOW Factor.  Outside is decorated in Anime.  Inside it is hard to determine what to look at first. The petite waitresses in anime costume that is really cool, or the decor on the wall and the TV's showing DragonBall Z.  Everything is just right and in really good taste.3.  Service - As mentioned, the ladies are dressed in anime wear.  It is very cool and they are very attentive and timely. With a fairly busy restaurant, about 75% full, we had excellent service. Food comes out quickly.4.  Food We had quite a variety, me, the wife and two of our kids. Shoyu Ramen - Noodles were right texture and taste. Very enjoyable. Lots of pork egg, and other bits combined with the right quantity and not too much fat at all on the pork.  The egg must have been cooked in shoyu as it was a bit dark colored. Nice presentation.  The broth was a bit simple, not too many flavors at all, however, for my kids, this is the preferred method.  We asked for smaller bowls to share so i spiced mine up a bit.Chicken Wings - Really not wings, but seemed to be more like chicken kara-age. The waitress told us it was boneless, and it was, however, perhaps it should be just marketed as fried chicken instead. Overall, nice taste, light, crispy and with two sauces.Sliders - Small little burgers that seemed to be lightly marinated in teriyaki.  The patty is about size of a flattened golf ball with tomato, lettuce on what looks to be a toasted King's Hawaiian Sweet Roll. It is about 3 inches round and about 4 inches tall, nicely kept together with a bamboo type of skewer.  Excellent taste, very light and very cool presentation.  WE had four sliders which was perfect for our family of four. I do not know if it always comes to four per plate or not, so you may want to check.Chicken Teriyaki - We also shared a plate of Chicken Teriyaki and rice. Comes with a heaping scoop of macaroni salad, nice portion of lean chicken lightly covered in teriyaki sauce, two sushi rolls, and rice.  I did not get to notice the type of sushi roll it was, as one of my kids was quick to abscond with them and scarf them down. it was perhaps a california roll with the sesame seed on outside?California Roll - Comes 6 to an order and was very nice. Not too strong on the vinegar taste of the rice. It was pretty good. I am not a huge Western Sushi eater, meaning I eat it when we have it, but will generally order typical Nigiri, Chirashi, or Inari Sushi.  Everyone liked it and it was devoured quickly!Honey Toast Ice Cream - We were not really ready to order any dessert, however, the waitress mentioned it was a real popular dish. This is like french toast with ice Cream drizzled in Honey. It was an odd thing tio think about, yet the presentation was awesome and the taste subtle and flavorfulOverall - To me, in a way, coming here is like a guilty pleasure.  While not the best in any one thing, it is very good in presentation. I believe that Monta has more traditional and flavorful Ramen, however, when you combine pretty good food, with great service, and wonderful decor, it all combines to be a really fun experience.  When I was here, there was a strong overwhelming amount of single men coming here vs. family and couples. Perhaps anime waitresses is the key?  Hmmmm......GK says, go for it!!!!!
4	We hit up Anime Ramen & Teriyaki during their soft opening = 25% off.I'm all for some healthy competition in the ramen world.  Las Vegas only has a handful and we could also use a few more!The Husband enjoyed their Tonkatsu Ramen, while I devoured their Pork Belly on Rice dish. Um, hello...I'm all over pork belly!  (We have that stuff in our freezer ready to go!)    Seriously, I'm not the expert on ramen, so I can't say too much about it.  But it was the Baby's first go at ramen and he was eating it all up.  Then again, it was his first meal of 'regular' food, and no wonder he was eating it all up!  And every time we drive by, I think about their Pork Belly!  So perhaps my high ratings is really for their Pork Belly and not actually what they are known for...their ramen.Service - the girls were sweet in their brightly colored wigs but maybe not the brightest at that moment.  I asked for a high chair and she said they didn't have one, but offered a booster chair.  Towards the end of my meal, I see two high chairs in the corner.  Hmmm...I guess she didn't know and she didn't ask anyone either.  When the Baby knocked off a completely full glass of water all over the table and floor, the staff didn't bat an eye and immediately started cleaning it up.  (Thanks for not making us feel bad!)Discovered they are in partnership with Hui Thai, Mr. Sandwich, Satay, and the former Vietnamese shop that occupied that space.They also sell honey toast, in case it's too crowded upstairs at Ichiza and all you want is some honey toast!
5	The little details about this place make me smile. The Boba Tea card with "yummy" stats, the adorable waitresses,  Ponyo playing on the tv, the anime inspired art on the walls, and don't for get the manga style menu! It's obvious that they put a lot of work in to getting the atmosphere just right. The menu isn't huge, the main emphasis is obvious, ramen and teriyaki. My boyfriend and I both got the ramen, with a side of kimchi fried rice. The ramen came with egg chashu (sp?) pork. My boyfriend thought the broth in his was a little weak. Mine was fine. The boba tea however, was delicious!Update: I've been back several times since, and I have to say one thing. If you went when they first opened and didn't like the broth, go back and try it again. They're constantly improving the broth. Every time I go, it's better than the last time. You guys, I think this place may actually be as good as Monta now...
2	The waitresses are so cute! Pink wigs. Blue wigs. Animal ears. They waitresses are cosplay adorable!And the restaurant is pretty.I ordered soft shell crab This was the worst preparation of this dish that I've ever had. It's in some kind of thick batter (maybe panko, but somehow it tasted bad) and it was entirely inedible.The kim chee fried rice is mediocre as was the tonkatsu ramen.I'm actually sad that I got food here.
3	I decided to be adventurous and grab take-out from a completely different place.  I'm glad that I tried it, but I'm not completely sold yet.I ordered a honeydew milk tea, and it was overwhelmingly sweet.  Now, I know that honeydew is sweet, but I've tried it in a number of different places, and I know that a non-saccharine version exists.  I'd be willing to try a different flavor in the future, but would recommend staying away from honeydew if you don't want something excessively sweet.I ordered the tonkotsu (apologies if I butchered the spelling) with ramen.  I liked that there was an option of ramen or udon noodles, and I really liked the way they packed up the soup for me to take home.The broth was rich and delicious, the egg was wonderful, but the stars were the crispy caramelized onions.  I was not as thrilled with the pork, and a little surprised that there were only three thin slices.  I made the mistake of adding in too much of the magu (again...apologies on spelling) to the broth, and the flavor overwhelmed everything.I'm willing to try it again because I think it had potential, and I think I'm partly responsible for making it underwhelming.
4	My friend and I had their Teri Sliders (teriyaki mini-burgers) and a couple of drinks.  The Sliders were excellent, my hot tea hit the spot on a cold Vegas Dec night & the two waitresses were friendly & accommodating.  We'll definitely be back.
2	I guess I shouldn't expect too much after eating at various ramen shops in Japan, but the ramen at this place was salty and there was nothing really going for it. The place was cute and with character (particularly Asian females for those with yellow fever), and if not for that it'd probably be out of business fairly quickly. I wouldn't go back there again for the ramen.
4	We had the seafood tom yum ramen and it was quite decent. My only issue with it is that they don't give you a lot of veggies. Just some mushroom and a touch of cilantro. For me, I love having a lot of veggies. You can order veggies on the side at an extra cost but I figured they might give you a small plate. Anyways, I will probably come back.
2	If your looking for a anime themed restaurant this is as close as your going to get in  Las Vegas. Sadly, the ramen bowls are not up to par with places like Shuseki up the road or ramen houses in LA. We had the miso & shoyu ramen both came with 2 wafer thin slices of pork, fish cake and a pinch of green onion, bamboo shoots & bean sprouts at $8 a bowl.An Anime Ramen shop is a great idea for all us anime fans but they need to take a look at the ramen shops in LA & bring it to Las Vegas.
4	The atmosphere and the careful attention to details were the first thing to win my heart.Not only am I surrounded by canvas paintings and posters of familiar characters but the real rush of nostalgia I get happens when I look up and see things such as Pokemon: Destiny Deoxys, Miyazaki's Ponyo, and Sailor Moon S playing on the flat screen television, along with the great selection of Jpop music in the background.Also, I bet if I were a male, I'd be caught gawking at the adorable anime lookalikes that take your order. Even then, I'll admit, I wish I was as cute as they were.Their menu had quite a bit of variety, despite it being a single laminated page front and back. Not to mention, the speech bubbles and the fact that the style of the menu itself looks like a page from a manga is amazing in itself. But oh, did I mention that everything in the menu is under $10? But it doesn't end there; after you get the check, you get a cute collectible card, as if though they were from an actual trading card game for an anime! Did you want more? They have a calendar.But anyway, the service here was by far one of the best I've had lately. Today, when the place was settled or not too busy, our server attended to our services very often, and even squeezed in a little time for a nice conversation along with our group of six. If you ever get served by a sweet girl named Ivy, then you're sure to be lucky.I've gone here quite a few times, and I've tried the following:California Rolls -- I've never order them separately as an appetizer, but I liked having them as an extra little addition to my rice plates. It's a nice serving despite only having two and hits the spot for a mild taste of sushi simply just to have some. Also seems a bit bigger than the pieces I get at 'nicer' places. But as I said, it hits the spot, and since it's included, why not have some?Teriyaki Beef Plate -- The beef could be more flavorful, but I swear I came close to asking for more sauce since I was practically picking it off the plate. Honestly, I've had better, but it's not bad.Tonkatsu Rice Plate -- The bowl of curry was a bit confusing for me at first glance. I'm used to dipping it in something that's more closely related to a barbeque sauce type of flavor, and considering I don't like curry much to begin with, I was a bit iffy at the start. But I'm glad I opened up to it, since it went along nicely with my cutlets. Mmm mmm mmm! I finished every last bite!Tonkatsu Ramen -- By far my favorite bowl of ramen here, I also tried this in udon, and, in my opinion, captivate my taste buds quite a bit more simply because of the extra thickness in the noodles.Shoyu Ramen -- Had a bit of my boyfriend's, and from what I had, it was almost as good as the Tonkatsu, although didn't seem to fulfill me as nicely as the latter. Maybe just that there was simply a tad too much stuff in a single bowl?[Furikake] French Fries -- Only because I had to feed a broke, starving friend did we have it sent to our table. Just a tip, ask for a bigger serving of Japanese mayo before anything else. You won't regret it, especially since it's a really sweet compliment to a simple, salty side dish!Mochi Ice Cream -- Nice and chewy in a good way. They're fairly small, but just the same kind of serving as you would find in another restaurant such as Kobe or Ichiza. Honey Toast Ice Cream -- Rich, sweet taste that gets my taste buds just as it does when I have Ichiza's, although is quite a different take. Both are equally as good, however, and the sweetness just takes me to a place out of this world.Strawberry Boba -- Only tried a sip or two of my friend's glass, and I don't regret it! It's not overwhelmingly powerful, but sweet enough to give you the 'mmm' factor. I love my boba balls chewy, and I'm glad they did just that; it compares to my favorite spots for boba like Tea Station and Volcano Tea.Overall, I consider Anime Ramen a quaint little place great for sitting back comfortably with a group of friends with great service, nostalgic anime, and good, relatively cheap food. I definitely want this place to become a regular spot to visit with my close friends! (:
4	Great concept.Good ramen.You will probably never see something like this in your lifetime.I was taken off guard by this place by how original the feel was.  You walk in and are immediately surrounded by framed anime art, anime playing on the flat panels, and cute servers with dyed hair and cat ears AKA Cosplay.  I felt the kid/nerd in me come out and it was really enoyable.The ramen is quite good, but the real draw of this place is the theme and atmosphere.  The only reason I didn't give this place a 5th star is because I have had better ramen in Los Angeles.
1	As a Japanese national, I resent other Asians opening "Japanese" restaurants, especially when they completely misrepresent and deface our culture.This is one sad example of such revolting practice.  This is not ramen, this is not even Japanese.  You are better off going to the store and buying cup ramen for 79 cents.    Comparing this garbage to Monta is like comparing Prime at the Bellagio and Sizzler. If you like real japanese food this is not the place to go.  If you are so numb that you can't tell the difference then this might float your boat.  You should have been suspicious when there is a need to distract people with all the anime stuff.  I would have given NO stars if it was allowed, because that's what this place deserves.
4	The boyfriend and I had made plans to have sushi with some friends but plans fell through and sushi did not sound too good to the both of us. Phones out, we started looking for other places to eat. Within a couple of moment the boyfriend found a ramen place and off we went.Anime Ramen is located in Chinatown just outside of the strip (do not worry its safe to move away from the glitziness of the city lights and try something new). The center that it is in also has a boba place along with a couple of other places to eat at. Parking can be a little crazy and the drivers will run you off the road if you are not watching! There you have been warned my friends!Entering into this place the first thing I see is the huge Hello Kitty on the wall along with artwork of various Anime characters. A large LCD flat screen that had an Anime show on which kept catching my eye as I was looking over the comic like menu. The girls who work here all are super cute with their different colored wigs and outfits. Prices are not bad at all (everything was under $10.00)... Outside of serving different kinds of Ramen, they also have....-Sushi (limited)-Karaage chicken wings-Gyoza-Sliders-Teriyaki chicken-Takoyaki-Fried RiceAlong with desserts:-Honey Toast-Tempura Ice Cream-Mochi Ice CreamThey also have milk tea boba and slush boba teas as well....Ordered the Shoyu Ramen-Noodles, Hardboiled egg, slices of pork, seaweed, bamboo shoots, and green onions. This Ramen was pretty light and filling, as I could not finish the small bowl. The noodles were soft and pork slices were tender. The broth was good and not salty.Our bill was under $20.00 (score) after you pay they give you these cute collectible trading card. It's the tiny things that make me smile and totally worth coming back to again!
5	I love this place!  The secret is that you gotta be in the mood.  I've been coming here since they opened, but I don't go everyday.  If you have a crave for noodle soup on your way home, this is one of the stops.  The service is soo friendly.  How could you not like Anime toons smiling at you while you order.  And if the walls and TV aren't enough to impress you, there's always the food. My regular is the shoyu ramen and kimchi fried rice.  But I'm always open to the new menu too. Last week I tried some deep fried battered balls with Tako, but forgot the name.The girls were pushing me (in a nice way) to snag a calender, but it didn't really catch my eye.  The models were beautiful that's for sure, but the background was too simple.  It didn't match. It looked too much homemade or rushed. Oh well, maybe next year, but for now just the food and the eye-candy.
3	I tried the Tom Yum soup and my husband had the Shoyu ramen.  Both were ok.  The boba tea was better.  Lots of flavors and pretty good!  They do offer tofu in the ramen, which I think is unique.  The anime theme is cute.  And service was efficient.  The servers were nice to us but  I think the server uniforms are funny.  Do those poor girls really have to wear those awful platinum blonde wigs?The parking lot was so packed on a Friday night that people were parked in the fire lanes!  But this restaurant was dead.  If you need some quick food and don't want to wait an hour for Ichiza, this is an option.
4	As the name suggests, Anime Ramen is a cute ramen house that serves up delicious steamy bowls of ramen and other Japanese small dishes. Initially it might seem bizarre to be served by waitresses in cosplay costumes; however my friends and I thought the anime oil paintings and their showing of the spirited away accompanied well with our meal. I enjoyed our meal very much-we each ordered our own servings of ramen and shared butakimchi fried rice and Japanese chicken pizza. I wouldn't recommend coming here for authentic japanese cuisine (i.e. sushi, sashimi, fish) because that is not what they are known for. Regardless, it is a a decent joint for a casual sit down meal of ramen and side dishes. Their ramen noodles had a nice QQ quality and soups were flavorful. I highly recommend the butakimchi fried rice. Although it doesn't taste anything like kimchi fried rice, it has an incredibly rich flavor that I could get enough of! Japanese chicken pizza was good but not particularly special because it tasted/resembled more like bbq chicken pizza than traditional okonomiyaki. Overall, we had a great time watching anime while slurping on yummy noodies.The restaurant is located on the smaller section of Chinatown (plaza that has Ten Ren/Tea Station and Ichiza izakaya; The location is convenient for driving and is only a $10 taxi ride from the Strip. My only complaint is that flagging down a taxi in Chinatown takes forever; so I recommend waiting for a taxi, that is dropping off people, in the larger Chinatown plaza.
5	Now I found the best place to hang out with my girlfriends!! This place is super awesome. I love the atmosphere(they were showing sailor moon my fav anime forever) I love the staffs costumes and their services. I love my miso udon. I love my passion fruit boba slush. The price was ok everything under $10 I think that's kinda fair for a huge bowl of ramen. Will definitely go back again until they tell me to stop going there lol
2	I go here often but their service is okay.  The waitresses are really nice but makes a lot of mistakes like giving the wrong people our orders and switching checks.  The food was slow and came in different times.  Some people would get their food first then others would have to wait another 20 minutes for theirs.  THEIR WATER WAS GROSS I tell you ! Well it tasted like straight up unfiltered tap water.  I suggest if you like water that you bring your own bottle.  The food is moderately priced and is pretty good I guess.  I would come back again one day but hopefully their service is better because they charge 18% for tip on the check, when they didn't even give that well of a service.  They should mention on the menu that they do charge 18% tip. I still find that stupid though, the customers should be able to choose how much they feel the waiter deserves.
2	Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge. I'm trying not to lose my head...One thing is consistent at Anime Ramen and it is the push to up sell. The first time I came here, it was with some Yelpers after dinner. The goal was to get honey toast. Between the three of us, we got a dessert to split and the other two got a drink. The server looked put off. It wouldn't have been fair of me to review it then, so I waited to come back for it's namesake. The second time, a group of five of us came in for dinner. We got three boba drinks, a pop, hot tea, some fries, two salads, three ramens, and a fried rice. Yet again, it felt like we were getting pushed to order more and more. I understand getting people to buy more food can mean a larger tip. Take into prospective that hassling guests can also mean a lower tip. Our bill came out to $60, we still left 20%, but it might have been more if the emphasis was put on attention to service and not racking up our bill.The boba are warm and fresh. A little chewy, but still soft for my liking. My Avocado Smoothie($4.50) was decent. It was more sweet than anything else. The creaminess of the avocado was masked by sugar. Tried my friend's Almond Milk ($3.50) and it was borderline marzipan sweetness. The Ramens range from $8-$10 and they are decent. The Tofu Salad ($5) was the most memorable item of the night. I could have easily ordered two of these and called it a meal. The refreshing citrus vinaigrette was tangy and counterbalanced the bitterness of the dark leaf lettuce.
4	While taking my daily scroll through the Tumblr website, a friend of mine had reblogged a post about this place. I figured it would have been somewhere back home in CA. My curiosity prompted a random Google search shortly after reading it, and whaddya know?! I just happened to be in Vegas with said friend, plus a few others. Gave the friend a call and asked if they wanted to head there for lunch. His response? "Hell yeah!" Done deal. As soon as our party of 4 walked up to the storefront, we busted out our cameras and cell phones like weirdo tourists and started snapping photos. Mind you we weren't even inside yet. The touristy factor kept climbing up once we actually were. Our server even laughed at us because we were that giddy. *sigh* The restaurant was decked out in various anime decor, and had an episode of Naruto playing on their flat screen tv. The menu was quite impressive, with everything on it being under $10. I ordered myself the takoyaki and tonkotsu ramen. I tend to have texture issues with tako, but I figured what better place to have my first plate of takoyaki than Sin City? I proved myself right with this one, it was delish. And the ramen was amazing with the near creamy broth and tender pork. Needless to say, I finished the whole thing. As if that wasn't enough for our group, two of us purchased calendars and had the waiters sign them. I'm due for another visit next month since another friend wants to check it out. Anime and ramen are awesome! *insert wink and double peace signs here*
5	Maybe it was because I barely ate anything all day and worked a 14 hr shift that day....  I ordered Ramen, and two of my friends and I shared the kim chi friend rice (most excellent) and the butter toast.  Everything was very good.  Would definitely go back.  I enjoyed the menu being a mix of Japanese, Korean, and American giving good variety of meal choices.The costumes were awesome!  I Love Anime and you don't see many restaurants with Anime theme so that was cool.  Service was good.  Did not feel rushed or pressured to order more...  Was considering ordering another butter toast but by my own free will ;)
3	the ambiance is definitely good and the place is pretty big, bigger than Monta, service is good too. We ordered 3 things on the menu, the shoyu ramen, the braised pork, and the burger steak plate. The food was ok, but I have to say I think Monta is still better food wise. I think they have more variety than monta, but Monta is by far the best Ramen place I have eaten at so far. I have eaten at a ramen place in hawaii, I still think monta is better. The only difference here is that their noodles already come with all the different add ons, and monta's is pretty plain...but I guess simplicity is better. Price wise it was ok too. I mean it's definitely worth a try so you can judge for yourself.
5	Before I talk about the quality of the food and service at "Anime Ramen", I first want to address something that has caught my attention. I have lived in Las Vegas for a long time, and noticed the rivalry and dislike that many of the Asians have for each other here. As I read the reviews below and the reviews for many other Asian owned establishments here on yelp, I notice that there is always a group of conservative Japanese, Filipino, and mainland Chinese yelpers who give negative ratings to a business all on account of the owner being a member of an Asian nationality that they dislike. Most my family immigrated to America in the 1800s from Japan, and since the beginning we and all the Chinese, Koreans, and other races of Asians, TOGETHER  had to endure Anti-Asian laws, discrimination, internment camps, and mass deportation. They banned our marriage, they put us in concentration camps, they deported us, they taxed us for just being Asian, they took our houses and savings, they rioted and burned down our businesses, and they took away all our freedom and dignity. They didn't care what particular type of Asian we were.. we were all the same to them. As Asian-AMERICANS, we ALL had to endure the same discrimination TOGETHER.  Instead of hating each other, we should be united especially due to our history of enduring hate. This is America, and we all have the right to be here and we should all live together in peace. If you disagree with that, and dislike diversity then go back to whatever Asian country you came from and leave us Asian-AMERICANS alone.Getting to the subject of "Anime Ramen". I personally believe that "Anime Ramen" has a better Miso Ramen than the much more popular "Monta". Though I think that "Monta" has the best Shoyu in the world, I think that the Miso Ramen isn't that great.  As we all already know, Miso Ramen is my favorite food in the world. I like Miso Ramen more than I like crack and various other narcotics(just kidding, but I really do love Miso Ramen). "Anime" has a thinner yet more flavorful Miso broth that I really enjoy. The broth is very similar to the popular "Chin Ma Ya" in Little Tokyo, LA.     One of the best things about "Anime Ramen" is that they throw in many of the sides for free. At "Monta", they charge extra for corn, eggs, and a 3rd slice of Charsiu. At "Anime", you get the egg, 3 slices of charsiu, and the corn all included. Also, "Monta" makes you buy extra noodles on the side because they don't give that much in the first place. At "Anime" you get a lot of noodles, and a bowl of broth which is probably about 30% larger than other Ramen houses in Las Vegas.Surprisingly, they also have really good french fries here for people who can't eat Asian food. This is great because I have a lot of European friends who just cannot eat anything that comes from Asia(picky eaters). I wish they had those Teriyaki fries that you get at Hawaiian restaurants, but what they got here is good enough. I really recommend getting a side of their fries! The best thing about this place is that there is always a seat open. Sometimes at "Monta" I gotta wait 30 minutes to an hour to get a seat. I have never had to wait to be seated here at "Anime".  Maybe the one problem I have here is that servers tend to be a little creepy and have way too much energy. As soon as I took my chopsticks out of the paper wrapper, the Neon Anime Girl sprinted over to me, took the wrapper out of my hand then ran across the room and threw it away in the trash can. Then a few minutes later I used my napkin, and the moment I put it back down on the table she sprinted over again, took it, and then ran away. I didn't even see her coming that time. It literally looked like she came out from under a table. BTW, I like to use my  napkin more than just once you know... The weirdest thing was that I told my server that I thought that the Miso Ramen here is better than "Monta", and she got all shocked and practically told me that it is not nice to say bad things about other restaurants even if they are competitors. I guess you can tell that the owner is not Japanese by the interior design. The art that is displayed on the walls are from Japanese anime's that were popular in America but not extremely popular amongst Japanese anime critics, such as: "Naruto", "Pokemon" and "Sailor Moon". A few years ago I went to an Anime themed restaurant which was owned by a man from Kobe. His restaurant was decorated with art from animes which had a lot of cultural significance in Japan, such as: "Mazinger Z", "Battleship Yamato" "Galaxy Express 999", "A Girl of the Alps", "Cutey Honey" "Candy Candy" and "Mobile Suit Gundam". That's the first clue in identifying if the place is actually Japanese owned, but who really cares about that. Even if this place was owned by someone named Marco Antonio Lopez, I would still come back here everyday because the service and food is really good.
3	It was pretty good. I had the Shoyu ramen, came out fast and filled me up. The atmosphere is fun, and I love the wigs on the server girls.
4	Heard a lot about this place from a couple of my friends and my teenage buddies who frequent the joint. So one sunny afternoon me and my beloved fiancee finally decided to give it a twirl.We walk in to a very pleasant place, small, yet clean and lots of available seats. Next comes the checklist.Anime Oriented, Check: Soo many anime canvas on the walls.Anime Tv, Check: Pokemon is on, you can hear loud pika pika pika on the speaker.Anime Themed Menu, Check: Just look at the dang menu and you know what am talking about.Anime Server, Check: Dont know where they hired these girls but they sure look like they come out from a comic book.Most importantly Good Food.. Tonkatsu were bomb, if only they can make the takoyaki a little bit better. Spicy kimchi noodle were so so. Great service, good food, I will absolutely come back and try some other stuff the next time I got the chance, now if only I can convince my fiancee to try on some of those anime outfit..........hmmmmmm??
1	OMG, I read the other reviews & I have to be honest, I HATED IT!   It was SO AWFUL !!!!  The food was bad & the service was lame! & YES, I'm local & have lived here a long time! We eat out ALOT around Vegas but our experience @ Anime Ramen was a waste of money & time.  I went there with my son's and their girlfriends & we were all disappointed!  We went because my son's have friends in the Anime Club @ UNLV and they recommended it as being way better then Monta Ramen which is right down the street. (They were SO WRONG and both of my son's and their girlfriends made sure they knew it)  My Ramen didn't  even taste OK, I ordered the Miso and it tasted of heavy  fish sauce and had cilantro in it!!! I took 2 bites & pushed the bowl away. If I wanted to eat a Thai based noodle soup I would've gone to a Thai restaurant!  Even after I complained the waitress acted as if that was how Miso soup was suppose to taste!! I use to live in Japan, & I have never had cilantro in my Miso or even fish sauce!!! My kids didn't even finish their meals, in fact $57.00 later and after only being in the restaurant for 25 mins we left and went to Monta because we were still hungry & wanted a decent bowl of ramen!  We won't be going back to Anime Ramen ever and we don''t recommend it to anyone. & by the way, for 5 people I spent less then $40 including the tip for a much better meal at MONTA!! As far as atmosphere, Anime Ramen is more of a "hang out" for kids then a quality Ramen Noodle House. Quality Japanese Noodle Houses don't serve french fries, burgers, or Chicken Pizza! I'm sticking with Monta, yes the lines are always long no matter what time of day or night you go, & the restaurant is small but it is SO MUCH BETTER & worth the money and wait!
5	I love it. Just what im looking for at  after work some anime cute girls and Ramen
4	This restaurant is like an otaku's fantasy come true. You have waitresses in pink and purple wigs (missing the big eyes), anime pictures hanging on the walls, Final Fantasy Advent Children playing on the flat screen LCDs mounted on the wall, and the menu is designed like a manga. I have a few fanboy friends who would easily salivate hearing about this.It was a mellow night when we went. The parking lot of the plaza sucks, but most Asian plazas are like that anyway. It wasn't crowded at all though, as we got a table right away.  The menu offers an assortment of Japanese dishes along with your typical ramen with your choice of soup base. I went with the Tonkotsu Ramen. The ramen itself is decent. The soup was rich and flavorful. Cloudy just the way I like it. The noodles itself has a firmer texture, I prefer my ramen noodles softer. There were a few slices of chashu and half an egg. I had to order extra noodles to fill me up. I don't it beats any ramen joints in LA in terms of flavor. However it's pretty good for what you get in Vegas's Chinatown.
4	EXCELLENT FOOD!!!!I love the concept inside, great decor, and great service from these cute anime gurls(especially the kimono girl in orange hair).their menu consist of appetizers, salads, ramens, teriyakis, and house specials.I went there couple of times, and never fails to amaze me.i order so far; tuna poke salad (which was big portion of tuna under bed of lettuces and it was delici), calamari (always golden brown crispy with a side of sweet chili sauce makes this dish irresistible), tomyum shrimp udon (yummmmmy...with the cold weather hitting on us in vegas, no wonder this soup will hit the spot). Dont get me started with the dessert!!! HOney toast is amazing (i think, actually i KNOW its better than ichiza's honey toast). Overall great place to eat and enjoy while watching some anime.
4	Not a big ramen fan, but I really liked this place - food, atmosphere, service and reasonable prices. A great find.
4	Excellent food and a great price! I'm not from Vegas but when I went to visit my best friend she brought me here. I really enjoyed it and the food.
3	Every time I drive down China Town, I always see Anime Ramen and wonder what it's like in there.  Finally, my friend and I decided to check it out during Superbowl Night and eat there.  It was very interesting entering this small restaurant seeing large artworks of Anime characters and waitresses almost looking like Anime characters.  However, I wasn't very impressed with the costumes as I felt it was very minimal.  Their service was also fair, we were asked for our beverage order and not long after that we were asked what our order was.  When asking my server what she would recommend, it seemed like she really didn't know what to suggest.  It almost seemed like she didn't eat or have eaten food from Anime Ramen.  I think it's important to know your product, it gives confidence to your establishment.Finally, I decided to get Miso Ramen.  I wasn't very impressed with it.  The taste was not impressive.  I did love the noodles and the texture was perfect.  There was just nothing about the broth that excited me.  But, I will come back and retry again some time soon.
3	The food here is average.  I tried the ramen and kim chi fried rice.  Both were just OK.  The concept of this restaurant is pretty cool.  They show anime episodes/movies on their TVs.  The waitresses dress up in cute cosplay.
5	Love this place!You are greeted with a smile every time. The menu is fun and simple to understand. They don't have a ton of options but thats ok, everything they make is great! Tom Yum, fantastic. Meso, was great! Pork Belly and rice, best I have ever day!(even better than CUT)If you love Ramen, fun atmosphere, and great service you need to to go to Anime Ramen & Teriyaki!
4	My little niece and I decided to come here on a Friday night since we were fiening for some Ramen.  She's never been to China Town and thought this would be a cute place for her.  This night, the servers were more dressed up and wigs were better.  They all looked a lot cuter this night.  Service was up to par.For an appetizer we ordered Takoyaki which is comprised of squid balls prepared artistically.  It had a good taste to it, not too salty and just right for an appetizer.  For our main course, we ordered Tonkotsu Ramen and Shoyu Ramen.  I thought the Tonkotsu Ramen had great combination of flavors.  The fried onions gave it a surprising texture and flavors that played beautifully in my pallet.  I found this one to be better than the Miso Ramen.  As for my niece, she ordered the Shoyu Ramen and the broth was good.  I also found this one to be better than the Miso Ramen.Trying it twice, I found this place to be a good place to spend time for dinner.  I would definitely come back again when it's cold.
5	absolutely the best ramen place in vegas. Has more variety on the menu than sora and monta combined. Portion is much bigger than them. Prices are similar  to them and everything on their menu is under $10. Came Back for their Honey Toast, i still wanted more that day, oh well, just have to comeback next week!!! :)
3	Good, unique small dine in with simple flavors.
4	I'm a fan of this because the service is good and the atmosphere is fun. This is my 5 year old's FAVORITE restaurant. I've come here several times and have ordered the spicy ramen and the udon bowls. The food is A-ok and the boba drinks are good too. I wish there was more stuff in the udon bowl... and I wish the spicy ramen wasn't all one color. It's like, the hot dogs, the broth and even the noodles all just look the same color. Some greens in there would be nice.The decor is very cute. TV screens playing anime. Waitresses dressed up like anime characters. Definitely cute cute. They're open pretty late at night on the weekends too.
4	I only walked in here one time because I had a bad experience at Ichiza. This place really wasn't on my radar, and I had no intention of dropping in, but I am glad I did!Upon walking in, the service was really good. We were greeted by a girl in a really brightly-colored pink wig who sat us and later got us our drinks and food and stuff. The atmosphere here is really laid-back and fun and youthful. The prints on the wall are cool, as are the girls, and I really like that they show movies while you're dining. The food here isn't the most amazing food I've ever had, but it's far from the worst. I ordered the teriyaki chicken meal, which came with a few California roll pieces. Again, not the best in the world, but pretty doggone good. The food came out at a good time, so we weren't sitting there waiting too long. All in all, this place was cool. I'll definitely make it out here again on my next jaunt through Chinatown!
5	Such a great place to eat on a Friday night with the family! Lovely atmosphere, personable hostess, and delicious food. The teriyaki is great and you cannot leave without having the honey toast with ice cream! The tempura is great and generous too! Love it ! Yes the hostesses are in costume but it is very fun. For the kids, there is anime on and reading material Japanese style!
4	This is a unique place. Wall to wall pictures of anime including several TVs playing nonstop anime. The food isn't bad. Mediocre for ramen and maybe a bit sub-par for udon, but if you like the decor, it more than makes up for it. There's a big screen near the back that cycles through all the girls in their cosplay uniforms with their stats and favorites. Fantastic dinner entertainment for some and odd for others. Waitresses dress up in colorful wigs and cute outfits, but watch out for the pink haired one, she's feisty. Boss of the house kinda feisty. They have sell their calendar for $10 if you're into that sort of thing.
3	I visited this ramen shop in 2/2012 and expected cosplay galore and was disappointed.  I thought the wait staff would dress up as anime characters or maids uniform but nope...instead they wore some type of school girl uniform ensemble with colorful wigs.  It wasn't even a JAPANESE school girl uniform!  Anyway, that's all the cosplay I got to see.  The waitresses kept yelling ""Iraashaimase" (in a high pitched voice)...every single time a customer entered or left the shop.  The greeting got really annoying and distracting after the 4th time.  The decor was simple and reminded me of my brother's room when he was in middle school (posters all over).  Anime posters decorate the walls while Dragon Ball Z (or Dragon Ball Z Kai..which ever it was) played on the two TVs. I ordered the tonkotsu ramen and well...I've tasted better.  The ramen noodles where soft, soft as in it was soaked in the broth for some time before it was brought out to the table.  The flavoring wasn't memorable ( I can't seem to recall it ). Throughout the meal, I couldn't help but compare my ramen meal to the one that I had at Santouka at the Mitsuwa Marketplace in NJ.  Santouka's way better by the way.The only great thing about this ramen shop is that the waitresses were really attentive.  Overall, the experience and food was so-so.
3	*3.5 stars*I couldn't help but notice the sign for this place driving along Spring Mountain...cute little anime girl and a steaming bowl of ramen and the name of the joint is (surprise) Anime Ramen.  This made for the perfect quick lunch spot on an errand-running Sunday.The place is tiny, but you are made to feel welcome as soon as you walk in the door.  The menu is pretty simple, just a tonkotsu ramen and an order of edamame sounded ideal to me.  And it was pretty damn good.Fun anime movies play along on the TV screens while Japanese pop music blasts on the speakers.  All I kept thinking was how much my 16 year old nephew would enjoy this place.  All in all, it's just what you would expect; an entertaining atmosphere and decent ramen.
4	Whether if Anime Ramen was a fantasy come to life geared torwards Adults or Adolescents, the concoction of cosplay and Japanese soul food makes this themed venue a wonderland for both.  Truth be told, the food was not to die for.. but the perfect ratio of price to portion makes Anime my definite come back!  We chowed down on their house calamari, the furrikake fries, takoyaki, tempura and a couple of their hot ramen.  Honest to god the most nom nomiest item we had was the black garlic condiment they serve at the corner of each table.. if you like garlic, dunk that jizz all over your soup and watch the magic happen!
5	Love the decor and the "girls" (a.k.a. servers) are absolutely adorable!  My girlfriend's kids love the California rolls and sliders!  We love the variety of udons!  Don't forget to order the honey toast for dessert!  Definitely must save room in your tummy for that! LOL!
4	This place was a totally random discovery for me. A girl who was my friend on Facebook had mentioned it, and I definitely was curious about it. It's a long drive and kind of a pain to get to, but the fact that they have me coming back on a regular basis now should say something.Essentially, this is a small cafe/restaurant serving Asian dishes, and the servers are all cutesy oriental girls in brightly-colored wigs, who are apparently supposed to resemble anime-syle characters. Definitely a novel concept I haven't seen anywhere else. And it works. The restaurant is fairly small, but is decorated with many anime posters, and large TVs air various anime movies/episodes/etc. There is even a bookshelf with manga at the front that you can borrow to read during your visit, which is nice. I've noticed a lot of people complaining about the atmosphere and the personalities of the servers, but I don't see any of this stuff as an issue. I love it in this place. Everyone I have dealt with in here has given me great service, and all of the girls seem knowledgeable about everything on the menu.As for the food itself, it is better than I was expecting for a place like this. I am more of a chicken person, as any one of my friends will tell you, and the chicken dishes I have had here have all been very good. The curry chicken is possibly the best version of this dish I have had at any Asian-style restaurant. The Furikake fries also come strongly recommended as something you and your party can get and share. A strong selection of beverages is offered, including normal soft drinks, bottled drinks, and boba tea and other things of that sort. The menu is not huge, but there really is something for everyone on it, and every item on the menu is $8 or less, which is nice. It's great to have a fun little "lunch place" I can go to like this, that won't break the bank. The issues I have with this place are minor. Mainly, I just wish the menu was a little bigger. The place is not perfect, but it is far better than some other people's reviews have made it out to be. You might say some of the other reviews on here "take the place too seriously." If you're an anime fan and/or you want to enjoy some quality Asian food, this place earns a strong recommendation!
2	This place was very underwhelming. I was really excited to try this place because who doesn't like cute chicks in anime costumes and ramen?! I had the Tom Yum ramen (because I love spicy foods) and I might be spoiled by Monta but it just wasn't as good as other ramen I've had before. The menu was cute but the waitstaff was quick and not very friendly. I was hoping that the girls would make a bit of conversation with us since the theme is basically Anime girls who serve you ramen.We ordered a few appetizers and the food was alright but I just feel like I was really let down. I would not go here again.
4	Surprisingly, the ramen was quite delicious! Don't believe the racist hype in yelp land. I lived in Hawaii for 8 years, where it doesn't get any better when it comes to Japanese food outside of Japan; and let me tell you, ANIME, rates up there with some of the better ramen houses on Oahu.
1	I want to like this place.  I have tried extremely hard to like this place.  I have gone three times doing lunch, twice with a co-worker and once with my girlfriend.  First of all, we all loved the atmosphere.  The anime girls serving the food, the little cards, the pictures and anime on the TV are all exceptional.  It has all the makings of a very successful ramen house.The problem is the food is simply horrible!  I am writing this short review with my stomach in cramps.  We have tried between us approximately half a dozen dishes.  None of us are really picky eaters either.  I had to listen to my girlfriend complain for over a day about how bad the food was and how it upset her stomach.  My co-worker swears that he will never go back due either.  Some of the seafood in his ramen bad gone "bad".I think the place really goes for atmosphere with low quality food to cut costs.
3	I was underwhelmed by the food; the service was ok but for what it is the prices are too high!
5	Great food and cheap (everything is under 10$), the atmosphere is cool and welcoming, they have anime on the tv's of course. The lunch counter and drink bar is a cool idea. They had a sign that said liquor license pending so that will be a cool addition.Get the tuna poke salad it was good and fresh. Place is too cool to pass up, gotta say you have been there.
3	if you like waitresses dressed up as anime characters, then you pretty much can stop reading the rest of this review since it won't matter anyway.suffice it to say, with a name like this one, it's all about the ambiance. hard to compete when ichiza is upstairs except when ichiza is closed. i had the house yaki udon which was about what you'd expect. noodles, veggies, sweet sauce. prices are super reasonable. if i lived in vegas, i'd hang out often...
3	Love love love the anime decor! It's unique and very lively and brings about a good atmosphere to eat some ramen. Their menu is fun also.I came to Anime Ramen& Teriyaki with my boyfriend, who is an anime geek like me :p. The place seems to get a lot of business since it was packed for a Sunday night! We ordered some gyoza for appetizers (which were pretty food) and I ordered the miso ramen for $8 (which is a bit pricey from other ramen joints I've been in Little TOkyo in Downtown LA). It was hot and was well seasoned...but it had a bunch of toasted sesame seeds which I kinda of chocked on and coughed for a minute :o. So, bewared of the toasted sesame seeds!
4	I have to admit this place was a little intriguing when i first heard about it and read about it. Waitresses dressed in cosplay outfits serving ramen? Thats awesome i thought! haha The prices here are def decent and so are the serving sizes. As far as quality ill give it a 7 put of 10. This is someplace ide def go again just because. The atmosphere and the staff are all friendly and they play anime movies while you eat.
2	Mediocre shoyu ramen - noodles were stuck together, soup was bland.Beef teriyaki dish - bad quality beef, tasted like rubber.(Salad,broccoli,&carrots were good.)Takoyaki appetizer (4pcs) wasn't bad.Cute idea, cute environment, food needs improvement.
5	Absolutely cute!! Everything from the workers being dressed in character down to the menu being like a comic book. Almost everything is under $10 and the food is surprisingly tasty. I had the Teri sliders and the fried banana dessert. My sliders were great. The patty was not too dry nor not too undercooked. The dessert was good also. I'm definitely coming back here when I visit Vegas again and I'm definitely going to recommend this place to everyone that comes this way.
3	The atmosphere was upbeat and the wait staff dressed in cosplay was interesting. I ordered the Shoyu ramen and my husband ordered the Tomyum w/ seafood with udon. Both bowls of noodles were tasty.I wasn't all that impressed with their calamari, but idk if I should have expected more anyway. Mediocre at best.We also weren't fans of their unsweetened tea. I guess we were expecting the kind of unsweetened tea that you'd get at most restaurants. Theirs is Japanese tea that is better served hot, not cold.Also, though the music added to the environment, it was hard to hear what the waitress was saying over the loud beats playing overhead.On the upside though, they have really good mango bobs. :)
4	Very fun space if you're an anime fan or even if you've been out of the game for a while and just looking for a little nostalgia.  The walls are adorned with various anime posters, Kiki's Delivery Service was playing on a flat screen TV, and a small bookshelf with plenty of manga sits near the front of the restaurant (though I was admittedly deterred by the looming presence of an extra large bottle of hand sanitizer sitting on top of the bookshelf).  Of course, there are also the cosplaying servers dressed (at least on this visit) in anime-style maid outfits who cheerfully welcome you to the restaurant.The food was surprisingly good.  The gyoza was solid, and my Tonkotsu ramen noodle soup had some nice flavoring to it, though, unsurprisingly, the quality of the ingredients--particularly the meat--doesn't compete with what you can get at some of the noodle joints on the Strip.  The honey toast was a simple and savory dessert--toast three pieces of bread, cover them with honey, and put a scoop of vanilla ice cream in the middle.  Unfortunately, the ice cream was frozen rock solid when it came out but eventually relented to the chipping away of our spoons.Prices are pretty reasonable, though I can't fairly recommend the restaurant for its food alone.  On the other hand, if you're looking a pretty fun environment that you usually don't see outside of Japan or the occasional anime convention, then give Anime Ramen & Teriyaki a try.  As a side note, it's a little bit of a pain to get to if you're visiting Las Vegas without the use of a rental car, but I didn't regret making the trek.
5	The chicken terriyaki plate is excellent.  In addtion to the coplay dress of the servers, it should not be overlooked that they are excellent at their jobs.  This place is definitely worth a visit if you are in the area.
4	I liked the layout and the super cute outfits the best. I felt like I was in a an Anime, which was a first for me. The food was good, not great. I have the spicy variant and it wasn't spicy at all. It was decent, and I will be back to try some other stuff there and see if I can find a great dish
5	I love Anime Ramen!I was on the way to Las Vegas Little Theatre one day and noticed this place and made a mental note to come and check it out sometime. I ended up bringing some co-workers with me to try it out, and now we've gone three or four times and have only been pleased with the food we've had.As far as appetizers go, my favorite that I've tried so far is the Karaage Chicken. The meat is extremely juicy and succulent, and is served with ketchup and a sauce that may or may not be ponzu. I always make a point to order this, no matter what else I end up ordering. I've also tried the Gyoza and the Fries (w/ Furikake) and I thought both were decent, but nothing extraordinary. My friends seemed to enjoy the Chicken Japanese Pizza as well as the Takoyaki (a breaded Octopus concoction), but I passed on trying those as neither were really within my tastes.The entrees have all been wonderful that we've tried thus far as well. My favorite is the Tonkotsu bowl, which I usually have with the Udon noodles. The broth is nice and flavorful, and they throw an awful lot of noodles in. I have yet to sit down and actually be able to finish a bowl of the ramen...it's that large. I've also had the Curry Chicken, and thought that was excellent as well. My co-workers seem to enjoy the Budae JJigae bowl, which is one of the spicier bowls of the lot that Anime Ramen offers.As for desserts, this place is not lacking. I usually just have mochi ice cream. However, we've also tried the Banana Split and Tempura Ice Cream and been impressed by both.We just ate here today and noticed that the menu has been expanded greatly from the last time we had been there a few months ago. They now have a larger selection of sushi :) Someone in our party had the Anime Lasagna off of this new menu and thought it was great...so if you haven't been in for a bite in awhile it might be good to stop in and give this place another whirl :)
5	One of my new spots to go to now. I really live their furikake fries. The ramen is awesome as well and the atmosphere is great. More importantly, everyone that works are dressed up in some sort of anime costume.
3	3 1/2 stars.Not a bad place for ramen considering we folks here in Las Vegas are severely limited with authentic ramen choices.  Call me old school, but I still have the idea the best ramen joints ever are the ones where it's a huge hole-in-the-wall.  Not catering to anyone, but being able to knock your socks off with a simple bowl of noodles and broth.I hate to say it but Anime Ramen is a bit gimmicky for my tastes.  Sure, I guess it's cool to have little Asian girls trot around in their form-fitting cosplay outfits, and have various anime posters all around.  But for me it takes away from the experience of a true bowl of ramen.  Ramen to folks in Japan is simple, comforting, and in many ways an art form.  The ingredients used to make your broth, the way you make your noodles so they have the right chew, and the additions you add to your bowl are supposed to evoke zen-like feelings when all is done correctly.  Well, that's what I hear anyway.  The environment at Anime Ramen just kinda distracts me from trying to enjoy my bowl of ramen!  I'll give the cosplay girls credit though, they do a good job with service.  Attentive, kind, and pretty on point.  No complaints there.  But the food just didn't leave any kind of lasting impression on me.  It was ok, nothing special to me.I tried the shoyu ramen that night.  For $8 I thought it was a bit on the skimpy side, the bowl was small!  I really wish there was more noodles for me to slurp up.  The broth was rather bland for my tastes.  I didn't get much of a shoyu flavor, or a deep broth flavor of any kind for that matter so it left me a bit disappointed.  I added extra soy sauce to the bowl and it tasted a bit better but still not good enough.  Maybe the broth could have used more beef or pork bones?  Perhaps more bonito?  Or maybe even a dash of MSG?  I dunno, it just wasn't that great for me.I also tried the teriyaki chicken rice plate.  That was ok too, not the best teriyaki but not the worst.  Chicken was on the small size of portions (I am over 200 pounds people!), but at least the rice was good and the veggies were cooked just right.  There are other things to try on their little menu, various other ramen bowls, teriyaki dishes, a few salads, and appetizers including teri sliders and furikake fries which I've heard are very good.  And nothing over the menu is $10 or so.  Value wise it sounds good, but man do those portions seem small!  This place is great for you lighter eaters.Me thinks that you are unfortunately paying for the anime-themed ambiance.  I place way more stock in the quality, quantity and taste of your food.  Size matters!
3	This place is awesome. If I lived in or around Vegas I would go here all the time and bring friends. Good prices, nice environment, cute staff, anime playing. HOWEVER - I would tell all of them to NOT BUY THE RAMEN! Our group of friends got a large variety of food, it was all very good quality, even the meat that was in other dishes. However, the meat in both the beef and the chicken ramens.... oh my god... it was the lowest quality meat I've ever seen in person. I didn't even know that low of quality was allowed in restaurants. I am talking the nastiest meat I have ever seen or tasted in my life. 60 percent of it was literally just huge chunks of fat floating in there instead of actual beef or chicken. While that was supposed to be the main part of the ramen, we all ate around it. It made me want to puke even looking at it. So, overall, I would recommend this place, but for you safety and satisfaction, AVOID THE RAMEN!
1	Blaah! This place used to be good but quality went down! Ramen was awful.. Service not even great!! Never comin back!!
5	Delish!!! Yummiest fried rice ever.
4	My friend and I were there again last night and noticed the changed decor and menus which they update on a regular basis (the new menu said "Volume 3" as a manga homage).  He commented that Anime Ramen is an Asian Hooters so now I'm giving him credit for that comparison, though the comparison isn't quite as witty as he makes it out to be.  Food's ok but at mostly $8 (everything under $10) then their dishes provide a good value, especially if you're a bachelor looking for some friendly eye candy to serve you grub and drinks.
3	Purpose of visit: late night dinner after a long transcontinental flight. We we looking for a ramen place and the first stop ramen soba was not open. Anime is open until 12am. Servers we dressed up in anime attire which was interesting.  Ordered two soba bowls with pork and vegetables. Soup was hot and the noodles seemed fresh. Needed a little bit of a kick to spice it up. We also ordered a custom sushi eel roll. The roll was 10 pieces and was very good. This place is a convenient alternative if you are in the mood for noodles. You may even want to take their sumo challenge of eating one of their giant noodle bowls. I wouldn't necessarily make this place a specific destination unless the more traditional noodle shops are closed in the casino.
5	Great spot if you love Japanese food and you are a fan of Anime. We all had a good time walking around China town then eating here.
4	Setting is a fun, upbeat, servers dressed in anime flair.  Japanese pop music setting the tone.Food takes a long time to prepare.  Plan on a wait.  Creative dishes coming out of the kitchen.My son liked the noodles, and loved the udon noodles in my beef curry bowl, recommended by our server.  Curry bowl was very tasty.  Not spicy, not over powering curry taste either.We will be coming back to try some of the other dishes!!
4	Best pick-me-up EVER.Vegas usually means being nocturnal and forgetting to eat. Aka during EDC weekend, I somehow didn't eat a meal for 26 hours. Yes, horrible planning on my part...  so I was ecstatic to eat some filling ramen!!Definitely a fun place to visit and under $10! When we walked in, we were greeted by girls dressed in cute outfits and wearing wigs. It was fun to pinpoint the anime posters adorning the walls, too.After flipping through the manga-styled menu, all of us ended up getting the Shoyru ramen. Yum yum. Perfect way to recover. Really, no complaints. Our server was helpful and the food tasted good. Not too salty.
4	This place was pretty trendy looking. The decor makes it fun and puts you in a good mood. This was my first time there and that food tasted pretty good, but it wasn't "wow" good. For the price it is an awesome place to go. There was a big group there when we came in and towards the end a guy chose to take the "Sumo Challenge" where he had to eat a GIANT bowl of soup in less than an hour. That stuff was nuts! The menus are backwards and are comic style, the waitresses even had playing cards and wore Anime style uniforms and the TV they had played all Anime cartoons. The only big problem that I had was that there is not a lot of room to park but that's just the lot.
3	Late at night I was going through withdrawals but my regular supplier was not available that late at night so was forced to go in search of a substitute. With many of us addicted to this thing I knew walking the streets of Chinatown was the best option to find the place that would hook me up with my much needed fix...and there it was, couldn't be clearer or brighter than a neon sign.  The girl with the tattoo approached me and asked if there was someone else with me, I told her I was alone sat by the door and told her what I needed, she then proceeded to the back and a few minutes later she appeared with my request and before she sat it on the table I already had my face in it. Yes, you can get addicted to ramen, and I'm talking about the real thing, trying to resuscitate dead noodles by adding hot water to it doesn't work for me anymore. I'm not in college and my taste buds had graduated and now they expect something better. I'm glad I found this place since they were open later than my regular Ramen location, ate my food and felt more animated but I will be honest, this place is good the ramen was decent and satisfying but not as good as the ramen at my favorite place down the street where they somehow manage to intensify the flavors, I would call this,"ramen lite" so for now I'll just keep it on my list for emergencies.  The place was nice and clean and the service from miss June or miss January (they sell calendars featuring the waitresses) was great but I felt like I was eating at some high school cafeteria or that I was part of an a-ha video, (take on me) ordering from a comic book. I would recommend this to a younger crowd, since it seems that that's the crowd they're targeting to besides I don't feel comfortable getting my fix in a room full of underage kids watching cartoons.Would I be back? Sure, next time I bring my kids...wait...I have no kids.Cute calendar though.
4	I'm not sure why this place gets so much hate,I think its very very good. I'm personally a plain jane  so when i get ramen all I want is ramen and pork NOTHING ELSE. SO with that being said monta and other ramen places could defently be better to others. What I enjoyed here is that they don't only serve ramen they serve other things as well,so you have other choises, I got the soy sause ramen with only pork nothing else.I was plesently saprised that they gave me 6 peaces of pork :).My grandfather got the teriyaki chickenSoy sause ramen- came out steaming hot and smelt very good,I added a little bit of the red pepper seasoning and some more soy sause.I thaught the flavors were very good and the noodles were aldentay just like I enjoy them. The soup itsself was good to me I enjoyed it very much.Teriyaki chicken- I had a bite of my grandpas and it was very good it went well with the sticky rice,they also give you a little salad and 2 peaces of sushi,bob only ate the salad haha.Fried icecream- okay my question to you is how can you not like fried icecream? Its  crunchy and smooth and warm yummm,well ask my grandpa because  he wasn't a real fan of it like i was.side note it was a lot bigger then monta and it wasnt cramped packed,I think this place is a hidden gem honestly :)
5	So, today I went to Anime ramen for the very first time. I ordered the gyoza and the budae jjigae ramen. The gyoza was fantastic. I ate it with the chili oil at the table and it was heaven. The ramen was perfect. Perfect texture, perfect flavor. I couldn't have been happier with the food. The waitresses all wore anime-style wigs and costume. It was a fun experience and I would highly recommend the place to anyone looking for a great bowl of ramen.
5	Well, I tried this place this weekend visiting from California and I have to say it was a fun and delicious experience. I've seen the review of how it is a bit of a gimmick but that's what makes it unique and fun! If you are not comfortable with this scene it's not your place, but I love anime and Japanese food so it works for me. I tried the Shoyu ramen, takoyaki and tempura ice cream for dessert. Everything was great! The takoyaki was lighter then what I was used to but the flavor was all there. The waitresses were dressed in cosplay and were very friendly. They constantly kept us up with the status of our order and were easy to talk to, not to mention really cute. When I come back to visit I would definitely bring my friends to this place. Overall: Great variety in the menu, creative item names, fun theme, and great employees. Come for the atmosphere and great food. If cosplay and anime is not your thing, try another place but if you can look past that and just be openminded, then try the place out! They'll make you feel very welcomed.
5	A few days ago, a friend and I were running errands around Vegas and saw a sign. "Anime Ramen." Being super responsible, we did not stop, but really, really, really wanted to.When the call went out for a location for dinner the next night, we immediately suggested Anime Ramen. A group of 8 went out to the restaurant, but we were delayed by stuff at the conference we were there for. We grabbed more friends an hour later and joined that original group. Another group saw our squees and foursquare checkins and popped in as we were leaving.I think our glancing at a sign got at least 60 people to try anime ramen last weekend, and I'm very very glad they all did. The location has the feel of a non-creepy Akihabra maid cafe, but with tasty ramen and cute sushi. I thought the noodles were particularly well done. I didn't care much for the meat. The sushi was really cute but fairly mediocre. I really liked that they tried to give them cute names and make them themed. I loved that my favorite movie, "Spirited Away," was playing on the screens as we ate. Canvas wrapped anime prints were a nice touch. The wait staff were attentive and adorable. I really wish a place like this existed in LA, but am happy to have something new and interesting to visit in Vegas.
3	Went for lunch today, it's located right next door to one of my fave sushi spots (that was crowded so we opted for something new). I had the teriyaki chicken, it wasn't bad...decent size portion. My friend had the spam/hot dog ramen bowl and she loved it. The waitresses are dressed cute and friendly. Best part - everything is $10 or less.
5	There we were in Las Vegas for evo 2012. We were cruising around Asian town heading back to our hotel while we saw it. I think the only reason why we wanted to go here because of the word "Anime." We went there that night, and we noticed there were anime pictures on the walls. I was like, "Ok. That's cool." When we went inside to be seated, we were all shocked and amazed to find out that all the workers were in cos-play. We are all guys that are into anime. The only time we see cos-play is during Kawaii con on Hawaii. The girls are all cute and Asian. How lovely.  The one I liked the most was Ploy because she was our waitress. She is cheerful and cool. That night they had Kpop playing. It is like they were playing kpop songs out of my kpop playlist on my ipod. They also had anime movies or episodes playing. Now about the food. I loved it.  . You just need to try. The vanilla tempura is to die for. I didn't share that. If I go back to Vegas, we will go there again.
2	i have mixed feelings about this place.. here's why.  first of all.. DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!  the cups that they gave us water in were unclean and there was a silver wig hair on the plate (GROSS).  the second time i came here, there was a purple wig hair on the table.  the girls at the restaurant, while polite, wear a little too much makeup and dress a little too inappropriately to be waitresses.  by that, i mean that they shouldn't be wearing wigs that shed all over the place.  anyways, when me and my group of friends walked in, we were greeted with a high pitched ..something in japanese. the place is quite big and the set up of the tables has a professional restauranty feel to it minus the anime posted all over the walls and the bleach playing on television.  if you enjoy that stuff, this is the place for you.  also.. creepers tend to come here to order like just a boba and then stare at the mini skirt clad waitresses all day.. so there's a fun fact for ya.now i'll move on to the food.. there were seven of us so we ordered like four bowls of tonkotsu ramen, three bowls of shoyu ramen, and two plates of takoyaki.  we were charged gratuity fee, whatever.  i don't eat seafood, so i can't tell you how the takoyaki was.. but my friends thought it was mediocre.  the tonkotsu ramen is really the only reason why i come here.  the meat isn't that good (if you want ramen with good meat, try sora located across the street) but the soup and the noodles are delicious.  the soup is made out of pork bone, so its really thick and hearty.  if i can remember correctly, it comes with half of an egg (yummy), chopped green onions, breaded and fried pieces of onion (TIP: eat this before you stir your ramen around or it will be soggy and gross), fatty pieces of pork, and bean sprouts. the price is $8 i think.. which is on the expensive side.  i like to add lots of sesame oil, sesame seeds, and hot sauce (they place it conveniently on the table here, so yay!)  this big bowl of yummyness was really filling for me (i had to have a friend help me finish the last few bites).  if you're wondering how the shoyu ramen tasted.. i got to taste a bit of it and it tasted watery and plain.  also, the friends who got the shoyu ramen tried some tonkotsu ramen and they prefer tonkotsu over shoyu.  overall, this is a place that i will only return to for the tonkotsu ramen.. and i will continue to return until i find a place that has better tonkotsu ramen (not monta).  its not a place that i like to visit a lot (i have a fear of DIRTY) and sometimes i feel like you're paying more to look at the pretty girls than the quality of the food (excluding tonkotsu ramen which is yum).p.s. they have some sort of fries here (i forgot the name but some friends at a different table ordered it) and they are regular fries (think wendys) with sea weed and sesame seed tossed on top.. not worth it.
3	It's a cute concept but meh.The place is clean, the service good, and the decor engaging.But, the ramen isn't worth returning for.  The soup base is bland, the noodles aren't anything special, and the toppings are decent but can't save the nothing that is the soup base.Another problem is the complete and utter lack of regular soy sauce.  All they have available is the low sodium version. They obviously know that their product requires condiments because they give you a pile of them, so to not have regular soy sauce is baffling.
3	Went with a friend and his family, had some guests from out of town and they wanted to hit up the Anime themed restaurant before they took off.The interior is nicely decorated but look a bit narrower than the Vietnamese fast food deli it replaced. Quite possibly because i havent been out there so long or Kaya decided to take up some real estate.I know this is a RAMEN house but we didnt exactly eat any ramen. I know horrible right.Anyway, the group decided to order a bunch of appetizer sushi rolls and man i tell you those add up quick and they're not cheap. Drinks are made to order so if you're coming in a large group then expect to wait a minute.Good note with the boba drinks they are willing to mix flavors together but cant guarantee the outcome. I'm willing to give Anime Ramen another go and an updated review. This trip was just to catch up with some friends and scope the place out for future reference.
3	Here's how I wound up at Anime Ramen:-I see it on Yelp and am interested, but see nothing suitable for vegetarians.  Forget about it.-Husband sees it months later as we are driving by and asks me what I know.  I explain there is ramen and girls dressed up like anime characters.  -Husband proceeds to ask me why I did not tell him about this place sooner and immediately turns the car into the parking lot.And there you have it, I was at Anime.  I was still convinced there was nothing for us to eat so I stayed in the car while he talked to the girl at the door.  She was nice enough to go back to the kitchen and find out what had fish or seafood in it.  We were told that the Miso ramen (labeled "vegetarian") has fish stock and the Tom Yum has shrimp.  She said that if I left out the spam and hot dog in the Budae Jjigae ramen, then it is vegetarian.  I double checked on the status of the kimchee and was told that it did not have any fish in it.So hooray!  Something I could eat!  I ordered the Budae while my husband ordered the Yaki Udon with veggies.  His was good, but I loved mine.  A giant bowl of ramen with spicy broth from the kimchee...it put a big smile on my face.  Not only was the food good, but the service was some of the best we've had in Vegas.  The girls are very friendly and never put off by your requests, plus they look super cute in their anime outfits.  Overall, the restaurant has a fun atmosphere.Me being a noodle soup freak, I was anxious to come back.  We made a return trip a couple weeks later and ordered the same thing.  I even double-checked with the waitress that there was no fish in the kimchee.  I was told no, but my ramen had a questionable fishiness to it.  I still had my soup, but couldn't enjoy it as much with the doubt lingering in the back of my mind.They say third time's a charm, right?  Well, after a late night watching a band at Vamp'd, we decided to fill up on some noodles down at Anime.  This time, I was 99% convinced there was fish in the kimchee.  Even my husband started to question the contents of his meal this time around.  I left most of my soup in the bowl.Sigh.  Maybe the first time they were using a different brand of kimchee that was ok?  Maybe they added fish sauce to my 2nd and 3rd bowls because I wasn't being a super vigilant vegetarian?  Maybe there was fish in it every time and I just didn't notice it?  Maybe I'm babbling for nothing since vegetarians usually don't bother with these kinds of restaurants?I'm sad because it's so hard to find vegetarian noodle soups.  And I'm sad because I enjoyed this place.  It may not be the most authentic ramen in town but it was a fun place to stop and load up on carbs while watching some "Fullmetal Alchemist."I'll probably go back and grab some boba (which is really good here, by the way) and maybe I'll be an annoying vegetarian and ask again about the ramen.  Until then, go have a bowl for me.
2	Not very impressed by my meal here. I had their "very spicy" ramen but it wasn't spicy at all. Kind of disappointing. Their pork belly rice was pretty good though. While the servers were very sweet, they weren't very attentive. I'm not planning on going back.
4	Back so soon?  I guess habits really are hard to break.Anyway, I talked to the manager who was very nice and very apologetic about things that I've been told.  Sadly, the kimchee is not vegetarian but it could have been before since they do get different brands in from time to time.However, the miso IS vegetarian.  There is no fish in it like I was previously told.  Good news for this girl!So I got me some Miso Ramen, vegetarian style.  It leaves out the pork, fish cake, and egg leaving behind corn, seaweed, bean sprouts, and tofu.  I really can't complain much about ramen because I'm such a carb freak (thanks, Italian genes!) and the noodles hit the spot.  However, the miso was a little plain so I kicked it up a bit with the condiments provided on the table.  It was definitely a good way to warm up on an unusual rainy day!My husband got the veggie fried rice and now I know that I've been missing out with my Chinese options up here in the north.  Their fried rice was really good!  I might have stolen more than a couple of bites from him.Now I feel good about coming back here and I'm excited to have another noodle soup available on my rotation!  Plus this one is on the way home and easy to hit up when the mood strikes.Thank you again to the manager for being so patient with this vegetarian.  I really appreciate it!
5	First time here and I love it. Very cute outfits. I only been here once and I feel in love with their service right away. The waitress are so cute. Their outfits are so nice I have to give them a five star. I am a big fan of ramen so I love this resturant regardless of what they wear. I know I would go there again if I visit Vegas. This is a fantastic resturant.
3	Cute little place. Don't mistake this for the cheap stiff with shrimp powder. They offer a decent menu and fair.  From ramen to teriyaki and even sliders.  Love the ambience. Food is cheap deliscious and in good portion size.   Staff is friendly polite.
4	Anime Ramen was interesting to put it mildly. Parking is tight, good luck getting a space. Once you step inside though you'll find various TV's displaying Americanized Anime which when I went in at 1 am was a little loud IMHO. Service was excellent.; Got questions? You'll get answers. I ended up with a simple bowl of Miso Ramen which I took a picture of. After removing the egg I was able to enjoy a nice bowl of Miso Ramen with a couple of slices of Charziu in it. They also offered Thai Boba Tea so I could have boba and enjoy what is as of late the drink I seem to enjoy the most. As far as my ramen experiences in Vegas goes, at the time I write this Anime Ramen is my #2 choice as Ramen Sora is superior in every respect. Except Ramen Sora is not open until 2 am and sometimes you just want good ramen. And you'll find that here. I will be back.
1	came back again for my delicious tonkotsu and guess what? not delicious anymore.  the soup was ALL oil.  like almost to the point where its on the jelly side rather than liquid.  time to find a new place to eat tonkotsu ramen because i don't have a reason to come here anymore.
5	5 STARS, SUPA COOL!!Haha....how can you NOT give this place 5 stars for their originality? Having the whole staff in cosplay outfits is pure genius, not to mention HOT, lol. Besides the girls, I liked looking at the anime art on the walls, watching Ramen Fighter Miki on the TV, and listening to anime theme songs as I slurped my noodles thinking of Naruto. The true stars of Anime Ramen are the friendly cosplay servers. They even have their own "pokemon" type trading cards. Gotta get them all! The ramen is solid, I loved the thinly sliced yet fatty pork. It's nice to have the options of adding extras if you want. I also had salmon sashimi which was fatty and fresh. Don't expect to get wasted, they don't serve booze but who cares...it's anime!Can I get someone to bring this concept to So Cal please???
5	Great food and fun
2	One word: bland.Here are my notes:1) They charge you per can of soda.2) Tried the calamari, and while it was cooked well, it was bland. The only saving grace was the fact that there was some sriracha at the table to help give it some flavor.3) Tried the Tonkotsu ramen ($8.99), added extra charsui ($2.50), mushrooms (uh regular american white mushrooms), and bok choy...  all of it bland. the broth, the charsui, the bok choy, bland. I tried adding hot sauce, soy sauce (they only had low-sodium), and it was still bland. Didn't even finish my meal.So in the end a expensive bowl of ramen that isnt worth it. Go to Monta or Ichiza or Ramen Sora.The only reason this didnt get a 1-star review, is because i only give 1-star reviews to places that give me food poisoning or are filthy.
4	I went here on a Tuesday night and when I first walked in I noticed the, "COOL" anime posters on the walls and the layout of the restaurant was awesome! The waitress is dress in a anime outfit! How hot is that!?? I taught wow this place is one of a kind. I order tum yum seafood with ramen noodles and it was $10 due to seafood I suppose. I taught it was pricey due to the lack of seafood that was actually in my bowl. There was more mushrooms then anything. Any who the dish was good. The service is cool their real nice and laid back. I definitely recommend this if your into noodles and a anime fan! Enjoy!
4	Other then the fact I am an anime fan. I had a daddy and daughter day with my baby girl and we wanted some ramen. We come in and we were greeted nicely and the ambiance was great. Loved the service and they made my daughter smile. Great place to eat and the food was delicious. Next time I gotta try their sumo bowl challenge.
3	Decor: Cutesy and looked like the inside of a comic book store.  However, one of the paper lanterns had a cut in it and the anime that was on TV was annoying (bad English VAs).Food: I had the tofu salad, karaage chicken, furikake fries and an original milk boba tea.Tofu Salad: Good (I like goma dressing) but I wish they used silk tofu, not cotton tofu.  Plus, I think the tofu still had some tofu water on it (from their package).Karaage Chicken: This was okay. The batter on the chicken was too thick for my taste.Furikake Fries: These fries are addictive! I did not need any ketchup or mayo (or was that salad cream?).Boba Tea: Good, but some of the boba were too firm.Service: The servers were polite and while in costume, were not characters (thank goodness!).  The service was attentive and professional up until the end of my visit.  As I left, the one server on the floor was playing on her phone and eating her lunch at the counter. :P
2	I have been here a few times already. The only reason why I end up coming back is because of out of town friends who want to eat here. The Anime character decor is cute and the waitresses are unique with their outfits, but those are the only good things going for this place.The food needs a lot of work. I have tried:-Shoyu and Miso Ramen: The broth was very bland and the noodles were too hard. You know it's bad when you feel like you can make a tastier bowl of instant ramen at home. -Gyoza: tasted like one of the frozen brands that you can buy at the grocery store. -California Roll: it was okay. I mean, it's hard to screw up a California Roll right?-Furikake Fries: interesting concept, but the furikake does not stay on the fries. They might as well just serve regular fries only. -Honey Toast with Ice Cream: probably their best menu item. Nice presentation, tasty and not too sweet. The service also needs a lot of work. Other than our very first visit, the servers have been horrible. We either always have to ask for drink refills or we get nothing at all. On our last visit I had to ask for napkins because they forgot to give us some. There were 9 of us at the table. Really?! Also, don't even think about ordering sliders because for some reason, they take forever to come out of the kitchen. Parking? Nonexistent. If you really are curious about this place, I would say go once to see what its about. If you are looking for a decent place to eat, don't waste your money here!
4	It was a nice atmosphere. Okay service. Ordered Miso Ramen, that was okay as well. Also ordered salmon sashimi, and THAT was surprisingly fresh. It was cheap and good food. So I'll probably most likely return here.
3	I am not a huge anime fan but I know enough to respect the genre. I am a huge fan of food and new concepts on serving food.  So Im going to grade and review both separately.The food wasn't bad but nothing stood out as omg. I did like their seasoned fries but the seasoning didnt stay on the fries and made eating them kinda difficult. The fried dishes were lightly battered and the food fresh making a delightful appetizer.Before I forget (not that I would ever forget how bad this was) They have a fried banana that is just not right. Bananas are supposed to be served cold and eating a hot mushy banana was just kinda disgusting. I would assume this would be like eating hot baby food and would explain a few eating disorders in young children.The Ramen dishes were served in large bowels and had great flavor. The sushi dishes were fresh but serving sizes were kinda small. The names were amusing and the presentation on the plates were cute. The teenage girls I was there with loved the hello kitty plate.Ok the anime theme was cool and we all caught ourselves watching different shows. The wait staff was sexy in their costumes and very patient explaining different dishes and the rules on the big wheel they have. We were there for an early lunch but they allowed the girls to spin the wheel and gave them free cookies for playing.We were a table of 4 and our bill was $65. Seemed a bit high for a lunch tab but we all left full and enjoyed our time there so Im considering it money well spent.
4	Stopped in with a group of friends one night. I had the tempura and the gyoza. the tempura was really nice and the gyoza was very good. The service was pretty good and the waitresses were adorable. My friends had ramen and teriyaki chicken. The ramen was good and 'hit the spot' and the teriyaki chicken was amazing. its a dish that can be really easy to ruin, and this restaurant did an amazing job. Give it a try!
3	I was a little take-aback by the ladies in wigs, though I applaud their dedication. I really liked the idea of having an anime-themed restaurant, and wished with all my might that this place would pull through. However, the noodles fell a little short that what I would have expected. Now, generally I am not too picky about my ramen. However, even for me, the ramen was on the bland side. What I did enjoy, was the thai noodle...(I am having a major brain fart and can't remember what it's called..)........ tom yum? I tried someone else's tom yum noodle and it was really good!...just wished I ordered it myself D:
3	This place is ok. Although this is my first ramen restaurant I have been to so I cannot compare it to any other spots. I like the decor and the theme in general. Didn't care for the food.
4	I came here about 4 pm on 12.2.12 and ate here for dinner.I had always wanted to try the Tonkotsu  ramen but im a very picky eater so I was a little worried if I would like it or not. But I gave it a try and im very glad i did :). Me and my grandfather got a few different  things for dinner and they were all very yummy!French fries with ketchup and japanese mayo- They were very crispy and hot just the way I like them! The mayo is different then american mayo its more creamy,little sweet little salty and very good mixed with ketchup and the fries.Tonkotsu ramen- I got this with only the pork and it was very good! Creamy,salty and it did have a nice pork flavor to it definitely worth a try.Teriyaki chicken-sweet and good chicken flavor :)Over all a very good experience glad i tryed something new !
3	I've only been here once, and have friends who are loyal Anime Ramen customers, but I have been hesitant to try this place again.During my visit I tried the Furikake Fries and Tofu Tom Yum (I can't remember what exactly what it was called on the menu, but I know it was vegetarian) and Honey Toast.Our fries came first, and I thought they were delicious. Not your average french fry taste, interesting and pretty good. They were gone fairly quick.Next came my Tom Yum; I was extremely disappointed. It looked as if there was a handful of cilantro floating in the bowl. I like cilantro, but it was just too much. After fishing out a nice pile of the stuff I started digging in. The broth had a little bit of an odd taste to it, but I assume it was from the cilantro. The tofu and mushrooms were great, and the noodles weren't bad. I didn't finish even half of my bowl because the flavor of the broth became a little nauseating.Lastly was the Honey Toast. Man, oh man. Their Honey Toast is off the chain! Probably my favorite part of the meal (though, dessert usually is my favorite part). French toast with ice cream and honey. YUM!The atmosphere of this place is great, too. I love all of the servers being in costume, it's adorable and makes the entire experience a little more fun.If you can find a parking spot, I think this place is worth a try.
1	Horrible experience. They take really long preparing your food. Ridiculously long for ramen. I ordered extra noodles in my ramen and when they brought out our order mines was wrong. They brought out a bowl of just plain noodles and that was my extra noodles. Haha. So as I waited for my order the hot noodles are getting cold and soggy. Didn't mix well with my Tonkatsu at all. We ordered honey toast for desert. Our server seemed nervous and stopped coming around because it was taking so long. She didn't even refill our waters. So after no refills and 30 minutes later I cancel out order and ask for the check. Server apologizes and says it usually takes longer. For French toast and a scoop of ice cream!?  Left disappointed. I wouldn't recommend eating here.
2	food is below average in my opinion, me and my friends didnt finish anything well... nothing stand out except those cute girls wear anime costume lol 2 stars for that and i went on new year eve no one were there and the staffs were just chillin forgot to take our order.
4	Parking is completely insane, so you might want to park in the shopping center next door and walk over.The food is not the best I've ever had, but it's pretty good and the fun ambiance of the restaurant is worth checking out.  The costumed waitresses are fun and have a sense of humor.  Jpop music is piped through the speakers while anime shows are showed on the TV's with the subtitles turned on.  We were having fun checking out all of the artwork and made guesses at which shows each piece came from.When we visited the restaurant it was very busy, but the staff were apologetic and took care of us.  It's easy to see that the owners have taken a lot of time and care in putting the place together.  If they invest more time in the food and in staff training than they could easily get five stars.
2	Came in finally to see what all the hype was about - though I'm not a big anime fan. Anyhoo!The takoyaki was definitely good. We ordered seafood ramen, tonkotsu and the tonkotsu/shoyu. Food was also good, although they left out one side we ordered and we weren't crazy about the tonkotsu. Service wasn't the fastest, but decent after we got our drinks. Biggest complaint is how cold the place was; it's about 35 F outside and not much warmer inside. Warmed up after the ramen and multitudes of people who came in though, and servers were super helpful. Might have to try again when it's no longer Antarctica!
4	Personally, I like the inside. Female servers dressing like anime characters, right down to the colored wigs. Oh, there were other things to look at in here? Never noticed.I was still quite satisfied from my meal earlier in the day (yup, In-n-Out) and figured dessert was the way to go here. Tempura ice cream sounded good. In other words, fried ice cream. Tried the green tea version because the other option was just plain vanilla. I really liked the presentation: a sizable ball of fried ice cream, with whipped cream, sprinkles, and chocolate drizzle. The thick tempura shell was crispy on the outside and spongy on the inside; it also tended to fall open like a blooming flower. I'm not sure if that was intentional or not, but it looked cool, anyway. It was also a pretty satisfying dessert.There's a quantity food challenge here: the Sumo Bowl. We're guessing around 7-8 pounds of food total (including almost 3 lbs of noodles at pre-cooked weight), and you gotta drink the broth. You got 60 minutes, and even if you finish early, you have to stay the entire time. Maybe they want to make sure you don't have one of those "reversals of fortune" or something. I think there are only six winners to date, and I probably know half of them.Did the Sumo Bowl look good? Definitely. How long would I need? Hmm, maybe a week. That's one big-ass bowl. Looks like a nice salad bowl filled to the brim with noodles, broth, and all the usual ramen additions.There are a few types of ramen on the regular menu, along with some tasty-looking teriyaki dishes. I hope to be back to try them at a future date.
2	Yikes!  I was quite disappointed in the Ramen here.1 star = for the atmosphere.  Pretty cool idea with the Anime art, and waitresses dressed up as Anime characters.  It was a nice experience to sit in this environment!2 stars = really great service.  The host and waitress were super nice and helpful.But the Ramen here was not the business.  I can't say much for the rest of the menu because they do offer small plates, salads, and other house specials.  I had the Miso Ramen, but the broth was not reamy, the noodles were kind of on the hard side and tasted real starchy and unhealthy, and the pork slices were super thin and not even tasteful.  Unfortunately, I will not come back again for Ramen.  But I do want to try their other menu items; so hopefully a change in review in the future.
2	My girlfriend and I had been visiting this restaurant since it open. It was a favorite spot up until a couple of months ago. Recently, the service has taken a turn for the worst. The past three times it seems that Anime Ramen doesn't have enough wait staff or kitchen workers. We've waited about half an hour several occasions to have our food orders taken and another half an hour for the food to be prepared.Most recently, I left after not getting service at my table for over 15 minutes, not even a drink order taken, nor a hello after being pointed to sit at a table; the tables around us seemed to have waiters, but not us for some reason. It's sad because we loved to come here, but after this latest experience, we no longer feel that the great tasting food and low prices are worth the wait.
3	Located at the corner of a strip mall in Chinatown, this place is pretty cool. I'm giving it 3 stars (actually 3.5 stars) just because of the slow service.  Servers are dressed in Anime cosplay costumes and look pretty hot! teeheee~ Foods are tasty at reasonable prices.  Takoyaki appetizer and Ramen noodles in pork bone broth are delicious, and the green tea ice cream tempura is yummo!
1	Good food. TERRIBLE service!My family and I were seated quite promptly, but it took about 15 minutes to get our order taken.  After waiting another 10 minutes, the waitress came back and took our order again, suggesting that she didn't even put our order in the first time!  Our drinks came AFTER our food came, which was terrible since we ordered some spicy ramen.Overall, the food was good, but the service was a joke!  I was fuming when we left.  I also felt compelled to do something I never do - give a $0 tip...
2	Went here on a Saturday night. I like the atmosphere! Loud J-pop music in the background and movies playing on the big screens? Interesting touch. I thought it was a smart move to add the subtitles for those that wanted to watch the movie playing on the big screen. Always something to look at in there whether it's the anime posters on the wall or the maids, I give the owners props for coming up with the unique experience. Boyfriend and I ordered from our waiter who seemed nice enough. I ordered the Teri Chicken because I was a little nervous in trying the ramen because of all the talk going around on how bland and terrible it was. Maybe next time. My boyfriend ordered Tom Yum ramen. Food came out at an understandable time. Not crazy busy, but not dead either. The Tom Yum was awfully bland; noodles were overcooked; and tasted watered down. (yes we leeched off of each other's meals to taste) The portions were good. As he calls it, it was "edible".My Teri chicken came with two rolls of crabmeat sushi. Unexpected, considering it came with a light salad, rice, and chicken. Normally when I eat sushi, I would like to eat at an actual sushi restaurant. It was a nice surprise and surprisingly good, fresh. Although the presentation was lovely and neatly arranged, the dish's salad was raw with hardly any of the vinaigrette. When I did get what was little of it mixed with a bit of salad, it was delicious. I just felt it was raw veggies tacked on there with the skimpy vinaigrette. Is this what I paid for? The rice tasted a little stale and warm,  and the chicken was unspectacular. It's a usual dish with quality you can find anywhere. It was okay, but I was expecting to be wowed a little bit. Our waitress seemed upset and very timid. We would thank her for setting down our food or thank her getting us the napkins they may have forgotten earlier, and she would walk away without one word or even smiling. It felt unwelcoming. It must have been a long day, I guess. I liked our waiter much more because he was polite. Both seemed inexperienced though. Not a huge deal, but nobody really checked on us unless we waved them down. We are not picky eaters (far from it!), but when we go out to eat, I expect it to be better quality food than what I make at home. Food was decent enough to eat, but not enough to recommend. It was an okay experience. However, the service and quality of the food really detracted from it. It is going to take more than gimmicks and adorable dress-ups for us to come back though. I want to be convinced into coming back or to feel that it was so great the first time that I'd want to come back again. I would give it another chance maybe on a different night. And maybe when I forget about the meh service and mediocre food I had here.
3	Four-stars or A for effort in creating an atmosphere that everyone can enjoy. I'm not much of an anime lover, but when we walked in it took several double takes just to be sure that we were in the right place. The waitresses are the stars of the restaurant. If it wasn't for there sparkling personalities and costumes, I think we might of walked out after taking the first bite.As far as food, the Pork Belly rice bowl was the Filipino Pork Adobe over rice. Nothing too great to get the tummy tickled. I was disappointed because the picture on the menu looked crispy and savory. My bowl was fatty and slimy. From what I saw, my family ordered the infamous BFF ramen and all i saw was just another disappointed face. The noodles were undercooked and the both was just water. No flavor or satisfied faces.Would I come back here again? sure, if all the other ramen shops have ridiculous lines and wait times are longer than one hour. Not my first ramen choice in Las Vegas.
5	I've been to this place twice now and I have never found anything wrong with their food. I have gotten the Naruto roll each time and both were eaqually delicious. I have also gotten the ramen beef stew bowl both times also. This is some of the best ramen i've ever had. I can't make it this good at home. Service has always been excellent. First time there it was very busy and service never suffered. Very awsome atmosphere, excellent music, and always a good anime showing on tv.
2	Service was good. I just didn't care for the ramen or food. Very bland to me. Maybe it's just hard for me to come here when I've been to fuji ichiban in Guam! Anyways I love the whole concept. It's pretty cool with anime everywhere and waiters are dressed up but probably would never go here unless friends wanted to go.
1	This place gets 1 star for ambiance. The idea is clever and cute.But, the service and the food are both seriously lacking. The ramen is HORRIBLE. There are no words. This is not real ramen. Or it's the world's most poorly made ramen. Either way, stay away. As for the service, we were there for an early lunch, so the place was pretty much empty. And yet the 2 servers kept disappearing in the kitchen for 5-10 minute stretches while they were going to refill our glasses. There's nothing quite as uncomfortable as sitting at a table waiting for your drink to come back while you're thirsty. You tend to keep staring at the back room, waiting for it to re-emerge. This wouldn't have been a big deal if the place was hopping but, again, there was only one other table seated the whole time we were there.Between the bad service and even worse food, this place gets a 1 star. There are some great Ramen places in Chinatown, I strongly recommend finding another.
2	I kind of expected more from this place. I've been a huge fan of anime since I was in elementary school and the idea of a cosplay cafe appealed to me so much, it was like a dream. Who doesn't like hearing J POP while eating?!The ambiance of this place was nice, the waitresses were cute yes, service however was lacking. The bf and I were waiting for quite some time for some napkins and it wasn't the waitresses who noticed but some man who I suppose works there as well. We both ordered noodle soup, I the tonkatsu and the bf some beef noodle. I noticed that the bf didn't really enjoy it much, and this being my first time having ramen outside of home, I wasn't sure how its usually suppose to taste but the ramen here was way too salty to my liking. The meat was nice and tender though however. The gyozas we ordered were good as well but pretty small considering the price.
1	It sucked. Food was mediocre. Service was even worse. There were two waiters . I asked for water 3 times
4	Came here last Sunday evening with my hungry, cranky husband. At 8pm, Tofu Hut was packed, Monta Ramen was bound to have a wait and we didn't feel like eating sushi next door. We just wanted some ramen from somewhere new and different... and well, exciting. So we came by Anime Ramen. Eat delicious food whilst watching anime AND be served by cute cosplay waitresses in mini skirts and adorable wigs? Why the hell not. As soon as you enter the restaurant, you suddenly find yourself lapsing into a typical anime-fanatic restaurant, tucked in the extravaganza of Shibuya, Tokyo. Jpop plays continuously in the background... it was not until you are greeted by a pretty fluent American-speaking Asian with pretty cosplay that you realize you are actually in America. The girls were really friendly with fun, bubbly personalities and were always attentive to our table whilst giving us space, for which we appreciated. Whilst I'm not a big anime fan, I didn't think it mattered. For an anime lover though, I could see how this could easily be the best hang-out place on earth. Anime fan art is plastered all over the walls, a large tv centered in the room with some episode of anime playing I am not familiar with... whilst another screen tucks itself at the back that displays a profiling screensaver of all the servers (how cute!) I thought it added a nice little personality to the restaurant. Even the menu is in a super cute manga book style.  I really don't know about the other reviewers here, but for 7-9 bucks for a bowl of ramen... I'm pretty much down. They have a good range of ramen- shoyu, miso, tonkotsu.. And for those who have read my previous reviews... I was pretty much traumatized by my past experience with my bowl of Tonkotsu ramen at Shuseki. I ordered a combination of both Shoyu and Tonkotsu to try. Why go to a ramen joint and not order ramen? My husband can eat like a true Korean so he pretty much got over excited and ordered 80% of the appetizers from the menu, for real. Edamame, Furikake fries, Soft Shell crab (FINALLY! The WHOLE crab served on the plate!) Takoyaki.. was all on the table within 15 mins. Obvious to say we grubbed good that night. To keep this short: Ramen was delicious 8/10. Perhaps I was hungry. Either way, it satisfied my ramen cravings. Appetizers deserved 8/10. Rating the ramen 8/10 because Monta Ramen is still my favorite ramen joint (9/10). Can't be unfaithful now. Another note.. this restaurant does not sell any alcohol beverages. Which was fine with me but I noticed a party walk out because they couldn't order any beer with their meal. Americans... can't have one meal without the accompany of alcohol! I'm just kidding! Nonetheless, it was a really pleasant date with the hubby. We both enjoyed our evening at Anime Ramen and had the pleasure of getting to know the manager there (who also looked like he popped out of Naruto or something)... treated us to some Honey Toast at the end of our meal. If you have a sweet tooth, this is a definite must try!! I'm definitely looking forward to my next visit!
3	I food was okay and so was the price. I guess you just have to deal with certain people that go there to eat. I had to listen to a psychotic teenage with an "amazing personality" drone on and on about the many people that had crushes on her LOL. So it got pretty annoying really fast. I would say it's a safe place to eat ramen. I would prefer going right upstairs to ichiza, but that's just me.
5	Anime Ramen has become one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Everything I've had here is wonderful. I love the furikake fries with the special mayonnaise; superb. The customer service is really top notch. I'm not sure what's with all the bad reviews on customer service. Ive never had one problem. I always come later in the evening. By my 3rd visit they recognized me and now they know my exact order. The prices here are wonderful. My only complaint would be the parking. It's a tiny, always full and the spaces are narrow. Park in the shopping center across the street. Walking is good for you!
5	Awesome place to take well behaved kids out for a well priced healthy meal with awesome ambiance.  In typical Japanese style the servers are so sweet to kids and give them special attention.  But please only bring well behaved children.  I'd be so bummed if it gets overrun with brats.
3	okay, the honest truth about this place. Is it the best food in town?  Not exactly, but it is good. I love how the waitresses dress up in anime and are extremely sweet! Prices are extremely reasonable and overall it's a great place to go when you want something soupy. I usually get the ramen but the kimchi fried rice is good too. I always get the toast with ice cream for dessert, definitely leave room for that!
5	Simply love this place. The food and service is proper, and if you love anime you'll fall in love with the concept of this ramen shop.
3	Service was good but I can see how hectic it could be in peak hours with such a small venue and tight tables but waitress is friendly and tried to be attentive as possible. Parking is hard to find so we just parked at the gas station next door then it's just a hop, skip & jump away. Total of 4 in our party (2kids). Ordered 2 meals off the kids menu. The plates and food was not worth the $8, toys that come w/the meal are the ones u get from the quarter machines. They come w/Capri sun pouch also, without kids menu the Capri sun is $1 each, which doesn't sound like a lot but u can buy a box of 10 Capri sun for $2. Kids mostly ate the fries which were good. But could've saved $16 off the bill and just ordered side of fries for them.Adults ordered chicken katsu w/curry sauce on the side, and bowl of beef curry ramen. Chicken katsu portion was a little small for the $9 pd especially when you're used to getting larger portions at a Hawaiian BBQ place, but the taste was alright. Beef curry ramen sounds weird but definitely works! It was like eating a beef curry stew(it had potato & carrots) but with ramen in it. It's worth a try if you're in the mood for curry. We got the tuna poke app which disappeared in 1min by my hubby so I'm assuming it was delish. For dessert we got the honey toast, don't mistake it for French toast because we got plain toasted pieces of bread covered in honey topped w/ vanilla tea ice cream. It was still good but would've been awesome if it were actual French toast as advertised. And to go my daughter got a coconut smoothie bobs drink which was better than I expected it to taste. All in all not bad but a little pricey when u add kids meals, dessert and sides. So if you're on a budget I recommend sticking to the ramen bowls (more bang for your buck) and skipping the kids meals. But try it for yourself u might just have a fun dining experience.
5	I thought it was great! Kim Chee Fried Rice is one of my favorite versions!
3	On a windy Spring day we stumbled into this place looking for some warmth. The JPop exiting the speakers and various anime playing on each tv screen catches you off guard but once you're greeted and seated by the cosplay girls everything comes full circle. The crowd here is quite eclectic. The food here is good but I've had better for less. I'd return for the atmosphere but not for food alone. The kimchee fried rice is really good I will say that but it's more expensive than other places I've been that had packed more flavor.
4	I've been eating at this place often and I'm not dissapointed at all. However, for those who love Japanese food, don't jump the gun and get upset about it. Yes, the theme of the restaurant is based off of Japanese sub-culture, the cosplay and the anime and some of their meals are, but it's really a variety meals from our friends at the far east. It's certainly a spot for anime and gaming fanatics to hang out and grab some bites while watching anime on tv. I've tried plenty of the meals there and they leave me full in the end. I knew about this restaurant b/c I know of one of the waitresses there, I will not mention her name though. This place can get hectic in the evening hours and worse on weekends not just by the capacity inside, but the parking is what makes it difficult, so I prefer going in the day.A cool thing about AR is that the waitress as I have stated before are in cosplay attire and they're wonderful that I sometimes talk to whenever they aren't busy. They even encourage their customers to come in wearing their cosplays. I even came down there last halloween for a special they were having for those who come in cosplay and I did that along with a sibling and a good friend of mine. Even if they aren't having any specials or events, they still encourage you show up in cosplay, no matter what time in day. You may get stared at by other customers when walking in w/cosplay, but bear no shame as the restaurant staff will love what you have.For sure, I'll be visiting whenever I can and show up in cosplay every once in a blue moon or if there's any events going on and for sure on Halloween time.To the AR staff, keep up the good work!
5	Nice little place I went to once, had ramen (of course) and also was persisted to have the honey toast due to raving reviews on it. Its true, it's super good.
5	We went here for my sister's birthday for the first time and I was surprised. The venue was bigger than I thought and the theme is Anime. The waitresses had anime costumes. They food was excellent! I have the BFF and we also ordered the other ramen they had. For dessert, we had the honey toast which was so good! and the birthday sundae. Best Ramen place I have been to so far in Las Vegas. Only downfall is that the service is slow. Make sure you come late afternoon to beat the dinner rush.
2	Had them before they revamped their menu, had them after. Both were disappointing. Can make my own ramen meal from packet ramens.
4	love the theme ! i love the takoyaki but i tried the miso soup and it could use some work therefore my bf tried reg ramen he say it was great! so maybe next time but i will be coming back! hopely i can watch naruto and eat ramen yay
3	We went there last minute due to a craving of Ramen. Arrived and found a very loud restaurant. Not loud as in many people talking, loud as in many people yelling the conversation. I was so loud that we couldn't hear each other talk. The restaurant is cute and the staff is friendly and a little slow to take our order, but very friendly for the most part. When we got our food it was good, not the best I had but still tasty. Good broth and good kimchee. I won't return because I think this place is geared more towards teenagers. And there were a lot of teenagers there.
4	At first i was like uhhh where the heck have my friends taken me...? and then I DUG IT HARD!  good food and cute atmosphere!!!!  I wanna dress up too!!
4	I can't help but love Anime Ramen! The venue serves up tasty ramen with a bit of sass and flair, as the waitresses step out in their finest cosplay. The decor is adorable, and the TV's are always showing anime for a bit of flair. As for the quality of the ramen, I'd have to say that I've had better, but when it's served with this much fun during service, I can't complain. I usually get the Tom Yum.  I've also tried a few of the apps & the boba. All are Ok. The actual menu is cute and animated. As for the parking... I am not a fan. I struggle to get into the parking lot. It's generally full... but sometimes the trick is to park in the back. I also generally have great service here. A few bad meals here and there, but everyone has bad days! Right?If you are looking for a fun and lighthearted meal out, give Anime a try!
2	Average manga themed ramen spot in Chinatown Vegas next to Asian restaurants and an AYCE Japanese sushi restaurant and ayce KBBQ place.  I say manga theme because the cute waitresses wear colorful wigs and Japanese cartoon outfits modeled after Anime magazines and the menu has Spicy! and Hot! popping out at you in cartoonish fonts.  That's the biggest draw, though, because the food itself was somewhat bland and it took a long time for it to come out.  I got the miso ramen and split an order of kim chi fried rice and karaage chicken, but my ramen tasted bland and wasn't too exciting.  The chicken was too oily and the meat was dry but crispy.  The fried rice was just ok too but not that memorable.  I don't mean to nitpick, I guess I was expecting some pop out at you flavor and excitement from a cartoon themed restaurant.  I wanted to like it, it's a cute place and the waitresses are really cute.  I suppose a huge anime or video game fan (otaku?)  would be crazy about this place and want to try everything on the menu whenever they were in town.  They also serve boba.
2	My OG Ryan B and I had a date for a little foodie crawl and we decided to check out 28GO, we arrived and were disappointed to find out that they were closed until later in the week. Thwarted, we decided to head across town, during rush hour no less to check out another spot he had been wanting to check out in Chinatown. We walked in and I was already not feeling it. The theme is cute, but not executed as well as it could be. The atmosphere just left a lot to be desired, so I was having misgivings before I even ordered. Looking at the menu, nothing really sparked much interest in me, so I decided to order the spicy Tom yum with udon and tofu, thinking it was a relatively safe bet. Ryan B ordered the beef fried rice and a tempura appetizer. Our meals came out and there was an odd smell emanating from the bowl. Almost a little dirty smelling?I let it sit for a while so I could build up enough courage to take a bite. I kept trying and trying and even took two bites before I totally gave up. The flavor and smell were so off. I'm not one to send food back, so I was reluctant to do it. I finally decided to let them know that I really didn't like my dish and asked our waitress to return it to the kitchen. Our server was very kind and apologetic, quickly removed the dish and told me she would remove it from our check. I really appreciated the service and how friendly they were about it. I really didn't want to send my dish back, so I was glad that they weren't too offended. While I watched Ryan eat, I tried a piece of the tempura had ordered and it wasn't great. A little over battered and seemed like the frozen kind you buy prepackaged at the store. Just not fresh and lacked flavor. He seemed to enjoy his fried rice. The only saving grace for this restaurant was the friendly service, but I won't be back.
4	Anime Ramen definitely lives up to its name. It's an anime themed restaurant that serves a variety of ramen soup. I love that they really stuck to the theme and go as far as having the staff dress up as anime characters. And the ramen was amazing. I got the beef ramen and my husband got the seafood ramen. We both loved it and told ourselves that this place is added to our "go to list" any time we are in Vegas. Delicious, affordable ramen plus the anime theme really makes it quite a dining experience!The reason why I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 was because the parking was extremely limited. I lost count of how many times we had to drive around the plaza to wait/find a spot. And the restaurant itself is pretty small so expect to wait if you go during the busier hours.
2	The decor is VERY anime, but tastefully done. Overall, a nice-looking place. My wife and I arrived at 5pm. There were only 2 other customers and both were already eating. The waitresses in the bright-colored anime wigs go overboard playing up the high-pitched cutesy voice, to the point that it becomes difficult to understand them. As we were eating, one of the waitresses, who had apparently just gotten off work, was sitting in a guest seat at the counter, counting her tips, with her wig sitting on the counter, beside a customer who was eating. We ordered the tempura appetizer, shoyu ramen, and seafood ramen. The fried shrimp and veggies that they served us was NOT tempura. The batter was thick and heavy, slightly sweet, and very oily. It was the same packaged batter mix that you get on bar food. Like I said, NOT tempura. It was overcooked and the oil wasn't hot enough, causing the batter to absorb a LOT of oil.  Both the flavor and color of the ramen noodles told me that they were from a package too. The broth of both types of ramen was bland. The bamboo shoots were tough and rubbery, not crisp. The fish fillet in the seafood was very fishy, not fresh. We got the impression that the chef has SEEN pictures of Japanese food, but has never been trained how to make it, nor ever tasted real Japanese food. It also took about 30 minutes to get our food, even though we were the only ones with an order in.  Overall, if you want good Japanese food, go somewhere else. If you're not in a hurry and are ok with paying $10-$15 each for food from a package, you may not mind Anime Ramen.
3	the ramen was decent, selection is really limited but the staff cosplayjng are really cute and fun to talk to. they even put my request up to change the anime they had on.  good ramen/otaku fix  service was really quick, in and out with no troubles.
5	I love this Place. Jenny is the best. it's even better when she dresses like Hatsune Miku!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a Vegas must now.
3	The kimchi is potent but good, the thai iced tea is delicious, but the food is average. Go for the experience of being served by attractive women in Cosplay, not the flavor or extensive menu.
3	Food could have been better, but it was nice; all of the employees were super fun and dressed with the theme. I loved the Thai Tea w/ Boba, it was so good. Most places don't put enough milk so the taste is bitter, but they put a lot and I loved it :)
4	I had the shoyu ramen and it was surprisingly good! Not overpowering but very good flavor. I did add cilantro and mushroom, which just made it better. Another positive is that the add-ons are reasonably priced (Cilantro 25 cents, mushrooms 75 cents).Personally, I could give a ____ about anime, which is why it took me a while to come here. There is lots of it here - On the walls, the menus are made to look like anime, anime playing on TVs, and they have the servers dress up like anime girls. I think the servers as anime is very weird; they wear wigs and talk in high voices when speaking to customers. Even so, I would certainly come here again.Total for shoyu ramen with cilantro and mushroom added: $10, including tax w/o tip
3	The food is pretty good and I love the tempura green tea!!! I love Asians in anime I shoulda came at 5pm that's when the Sakura's walked in. Restaurant should be more decorated in anime though. Name sounds better than what it looks.
1	I used to come here all the time... This place is seriously suffering now..Found a hair in my food... I sent it back, didnt eat it, paid for it and left disgusted!!!!!!!!!!!!The appetizer that I did eat, was disgusting as well. Tofu didnt seem fresh.Never coming back.The young girls were inexperienced servers as well...
3	I really enjoy coming here with friends, The food isn't the best, but it isn't the worst, it's just in the middle. The closest you can get to a maid cafe that you find in Japan, is here at Anime Ramen. My experience here with Customer Service is good, but could be a lot better.I always get myself some Tonkotsu Ramen, its good! But again, not the best if you want to find your ramen fix. Like i said before, I always come here with friends, I see this place as a friendly hangout with anime in the background and colorful waitresses, with hearty ramen in front of you.
3	Three stars for the unique concept but besides that, it was actually a bit too weird for me. Not the best food, service is below average but it wasn't exactly a totally bad experience. The menu is comic-style (read back to front! haha) & the decor is on-point. But food-wise, it was alright. The Lychee Boba was too icy, the boba pearls just froze after 5 minutes & I've had better Kimchee Fried Rice.
3	This place is definitely interesting and unique in terms of the ambiance and decor, but that's probably the only thing interesting about it. Yes, there are waitresses dressed like anime characters and there's anime playing on the TV, you definitely don't see many places like that in town. However, you're paying more for the environment rather than for the food quality. I actually came here a few weeks ago, the weekend before they changed it to "Pretty Girls Maid Cafe" so I'm basing this on the Anime Ramen menu rather than the new menu. I got the karaage chicken and miso ramen. The karaage chicken was average, I've had better at Ichiza. It took them a long time to make the ramen, which is weird because if you've been to other ramen places like Monta, you can look into the kitchen and see how fast it takes for the chefs to make the ramen. My bowl took about 30 minutes to make and when I got it, it wasn't even steaming hot. Their noodles reminded me of the ones you get from instant ramen and the broth lacked flavor. Their char siu was not that great either, great char siu is suppose to melt in your mouth, but this just tasted like I was chewing on pork fat. Service was average, the night I went it was packed so we didn't receive the best service, but we weren't being intentionally ignored. Overall, if you took away the anime theme, the restaurant is subpar. I know they have changed/added to their menu since the name change, so I might have to give this place a try again next time I'm at Chinatown.
3	I really liked the decor. It was also really good ramen. I had the shio ramen and my wife had the shoyu ramen. We always end up trading about half way through for all our meals. Anyway, I would recomend this place as the prices are not bad and it is a unique place.
4	Their current location has closed. They are in the process of moving to a new one, possibly at Town Square. You can keep yourself updated by checking their FB page (https://www.facebook.com/AnimeRamen). I'll have to visit again when they re-open.
3	KawaiiThis is a novelty restaurant.  The menu is comic book style, there are many fan art pieces on the walls, and the servers dress up.  The food is ok, drinks a little better.  I tend to order the takoyaki, green apple boba, and share the ramen.  Cutesy and fun theme restaurant and the closest you will get to a maid cafe in LV.
1	Well was going to Sora Ramen on the 4th but it was closed. BTW Sora Ramen has amazing food! I like anime so it was a good option. Waitresses were very cute and it was  great atmosphere. However, our appetizers tasted off. Ramen came out and they use freaking spaghetti noodles! I lived in Japan for five years and they wouldn't even allow someone to serve this and call it Ramen. I couldn't eat four bites. The food is absolutely horrible! I was so disappointed. The prices were the same as Sora , but the food doesn't even compare. If you want to have a drink (I think they serve beer, but I forget) or boba milk tea which was good then this is cool. If you want to eat don't come anywhere near this place. I hate saying it because it was nice.
