5	This is the first pizza place where I haven't eaten the pizza. My visits usually consist of the spring salad with their made-in-house dressing and either a sandwich or pasta. Every sandwich is excellent and filling no matter which you choose.The atmosphere is excellent with sports on in the backround and this Nello's location has the friendliest wait staff out of all of them.
4	Ate here many, many months ago.  A favorite pizza place for Mom and me!!  She absolutely ADORES the spinach pie, while I enjoy it and many other varieties, including the Margherita and Alaskan (white sauce, seafood).  I really appreciate the fact that whole-wheat pizza crusts are available!  Wish more establishments would offer alternative options, such as whole-wheat and gluten-free for those w/ food allergies and issues...If thin-crust pizzas rock your boat, like they do mine, then check out Nello's!
5	I love this place.  The pizzas are great, but their salads are my favorite.  I love the antipasto salad with their house made dressing.  I have eaten here more times than I can count and will keep coming back for more.
5	A darn good Pizza!We've been here twice so far, through the recommendation of a friend. The location is not the greatest and you would never expect how great the quality of the pizza is. The first time I went there, I got two 7 inch pizza's, I'd say this is a personal pan pizza size. I got the Spinach Pie and the Santa Fe Chicken with Original Deep Dish Crust (they have a Thin Crust option as well). The Santa Fe Chicken was good, eventhough the chicken was a little dry. The Spinach Pie was AMAZING!!!! This is what a vegetarian pizza is suppose to taste like...pure awesomeness!The second time, I got a 12 inch (enough for 2 people and/or left overs): half Pesto Bianco w/ chicken and half BBQ Chicken with Wheat Deep Dish Crust. The chicken yet again was dry, so I was noticing a team with the chicken. Luckily I don't judge a pizza place by it's chicken, so that bodes wel for Nello's. I can understand how chicken can dry out during the cooking process. As for the pizza itself, the BBQ was decent (it reminded me of a generic CPK BBQ chicken pizza) and the Pesto was pretty good. All in all, it was the wheat crust that sold us this time.Thus far, I would recommend the Spinach Pie with Wheat Deep Dish Crust!
4	This is one of my favorite lunch spots. Their pizza is great! Their salads are packed full of the good stuff, with the best house dressing around. The staff are very friendly and my favorite part is you are asked what you want to drink right away and don't forget the glasses are HUGE! There is nothing worse in restaurants than small glasses and the impossibility of getting a refill!I have ordered many different kinds of pizza from this Nellos and have yet to be disappointed. The buffalo chicken pizza is so tasty and they will give you extra buffalo sauce and ranch all you have to do is ask. They will make you pizza any way you like it and the wait is never that long. I am always able to keep my lunch at an hour, which of course makes my boss happy!Don't forget the salads that come piled high with meat, cheese and tons of veggies, you never feel you paid too much for a salad once you dig in! Their dressing is pinkish orange and just superb! In a part of town that is lacking great places to eat lunch, I am glad Nello's is in my neighborhood!
5	This place is as good as I'd heard.  We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband.  She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.  Both were so delicious!  He also got some chicken wings which were tender and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two great sauces, ranch or marinara.  The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges.  I usually have no problem quitting after two slices but the  flavor squishing around in my mouth was so good I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place. The decor was pretty and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything. I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here.  On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!62010
5	I havebeen eating at Nello's proabably for 17 years or so and I have to say that I am a pizza fan and think that they have THE BEST CRUST I HAVE EVER TASTED!!!! Also their spinach salad is to die for...they make all of their own salad dressings and their pesto bianca pizza with sausage and mushrooms is my all time fav!!!!
4	This place has really good pizza but their "deep dish" is definitely not Chicago-style deep dish.I really wanted Chicago-style (sauce on top) but wasn't disappointed by Nello's.  It's pretty inexpensive and actually good.  The crust is also really yum.  I got the Murphy's and loved the bacon and onion combo... Bacon strips on pizza are difficult to eat but totally worth it.  Definitely give Nello's a try but know it's not Chicago-style.
5	Best buffalo chicken wing pizza and awesome service!
5	Great pizza. The also just started making their own pasta. The house salad dressing is just about the best thing there. I use it to dip my pizza in.
5	Nello's is great, I've eaten pizza from all over the country and can honestly say this is great pizza. We usually go there for Pizza every sunday afternoon. They claim Chicago style, the thick wheat crust emulates that. The quality of ingredients are amazing, I usually order a Chicken-Bacon-Pepperoni combo, which is always awesome. My wife always gets their Turkey-Avocado sub with extra house dressing. The house dressing is amazing and worth pouring all over a sandwich or salad.Every one of there locations has a nice midwestern pizzeria feel, growing up outside Detroit, one thing I miss is an old-school pizzeria. The bonus is that they carry local brew from Four Peaks on tap and always stay seasonal, and for a "beer snob" like me that's worth giving 5-stars!
5	WOW! Can you imagine the stoke of luck when we moved in right behind Nello's? It took us a year to decide to try this place. I can't imagine life without Nello's. You have to try the bacon & mushroom deep dish. Or go crazy and get all meat! Feel the arteries clogggggg... seriously folks you can't go wrong. They have a faithful following who show up every Friday and Saturday night so go early or go late so you can get a table!  Also try the canollis!
5	Always love coming to this location. Good service. Great pizza. I'm  crust lover and everything I've tried is great. I'm definitely a fan of the sausage there. I'm quite the pizza lover and there are a lot of let downs in the valley. This one has never let me down! Thank you Nellos
4	I finally made it to Nello's and am so happy I did.  Laura A. called and said she was craving pizza and since I'm the pizza addict anytime this rare occasion happens I am down in a heartbeat to go.  So since she lives in Mesa we decided to check out Nello's as the reviews were all top notch.  Upon arrival we were greated and we said we were ordering a to go order so we were shown the to go window.  Brian greeted us there after giving us a brief minute to scope out the wonderful menu.  We decided to get two 10" pies to get a good trial run at this place.  He was very nice and gave us some ideas and we went with The Murphy which has strips of bacon and onions on it and I got a custom pie with sun dried tomato's, gouda cheese, and green peppers.  When we got home we devoured both pies the sauce was great and we had one deep dish and one thin crust.  I preferred the deep dish but they both were great.  I will for sure be back for more pizza and to try their sandwich's as they sounded very good as well.  The service was great everyone was very nice it felt like a great neighborhood restaurant.  I think that feeling at a lot of restaurants has been lost today so it was very nice.  4.5/5
5	I'm usually picky when it comes to pizza.... Most nights $5 is good enough, lil ceasars, quick, cheap and edible,,But then there's Nellos !! The best pizza i have ever eaten!! I have been in many a country, many a state, and nothing compares yet.. Pizza Bianco ,, naw,, not worth the wait,, I would recommend this to anyone, and if they didn't like it, i would pay their bill "for close friends who i personally know" don't think this is a free coupon to go there n try hit me up with a refund  hahahahaThe price is a little up there, but we go here for Kids bdays, good grades, special achievements, etc...
5	I absolutely love this pizza.  This is my comparison place when I try other places and I'm still saying Nello's is better.  I've never had a bad pizza here.  Their thin crust pizza is the best and they don't overdo the sauce, so you can still taste the bread of the pizza. Of course the staff is always friendly. Bonus part is being able to have a good red wine here with the pizza. Yum.
3	The wife and I took the kids here for Valentine's day.Coming from Chicago, I'm a bit of a pizza snob. Chicago deep dish pizza is THE only way to go. It's a meal, you eat pizza with a fork and a knife. Not that paper plate crap. It's about the crust. That buttery flaky tasty goodness... mmm... I can feel my arteries clogging as I write. The reviews that I read, led me to believe that Nello's would be the place I've been searching for, since moving to AZ over 6 years ago. As their motto states, "In crust, we trust", so I took it as gold and I trusted their crust. Boy, was I disappointed. We got the heart shaped "Valentines Special", with their signature crust, half cheese and half pepperoni. Let me reiterate, I am a pizza snob and I have high expectations for great pizza. Sadly, this was just mediocre. It was pizza that I would get if I only had $5, was pulling an all nighter and needed a quick pizza. The crust was dried out. Not buttery. Not flakey. Not tasty. In fact, my kids and I didn't even finish the crust; which is my favorite part of a pizza.The ambiance was great. The decor, lighting, bar and even the seating was comfy and inviting. The staff was excellent as well. So, as for what might bring me back, it's the staff.In the end, it's an okay place. I'll probably come back sometime to give it another try. It really has potential and has received a ton of awards, so maybe I just caught an off night.
4	Food and service at Nellos is pretty good. Portions are a good size and the bread they give you to start the meal is delish!
5	Great pizza, AWESOME salads with their house dressing and as always, a fun and lively atmosphere.
5	The food here was really good.  We started off with the garlic bread covered in tomatos and mozzarella, which was tasty.  My wife and I split a salad with the house italian dressing, and it was huge!  We ended up splitting it with the whole table, and it was fantastic.  I guess the dressing really makes a difference, because I'm usually not that enamored of salads!  I had the murphy pizza, which was very good.
4	I've always liked Nellos. My boyfriend loves it so it's always been one of those places we go to regularly. The service is always good. My favorite is their BBQ chicken pizza and the skinny. I occasionally treat myself to an Italian soda as well which are also really tasty. Just recently I went there after one of my art shows with a group of people. I called ahead to let them know we were coming and when we got there the table was set up and ready to go. The service was good, we made it easy by ordering pitchers of beer and a few large pizzas. The server did a great job by getting the dirty plates off our table when we were finished. We wanted to sit and drink more, and I personally can't stand it when dirty plates just sit there. We ended up ordering a few more pitchers and staying longer. All in all it was a pleasant evening. I'll be suggesting this place for it's great pizza, good service, and It's good accommodations for bigger parties.
4	Exxxxxcellent pizza (had the spinach pie with wheat crust) and delish beer (Four Peaks!)  Service was perfect (left us to talk but was attentive when needed.)  Would definitely recommend for casual pizza & beer night!
5	Everybody claims to know great pizza when they taste it. I'm no exception. Born and raised in New York, I've had the opportunity to try some really great pizza. And I've eaten pizza all over the country and even in Italy. Okay. Now that you know I'm an expert... Nello's serves up some really great pizza. I had a "mini" size with pepperoni, jalapeno, and anchovies. Perfectly done! Great flavor (although you might wonder how with anchovies). They have got really great pizza sauce as well. All I had was the pizza, so can't speak to other dishes they offer. But I heard no complaints from those around me, and the food I saw looked attractive and appetizing. Nello's has a very good staff (read attentive, quick, and friendly). I hate to say "you can't go wrong". But Nello's seems to be a great choice no matter how you slice it.
5	I used to love Nello's can't wait to try GF!  It's hard to find
5	My husband and I love Nello's pizza! Not only is the pizza wonderful but well, I'm a big salad person. I love the fact that you can actually take home the salad dressing you had eatten that night on your salad. Everytime we go there I always pick up a bottle of their house salad dressing- it's so good! I just wish they would deliever- if they did deliever all the other pizza places we use would go to waysid and mind you, in this house we are very picky about pizza.
5	I have been eating at this Nello's location for the last 15 years. The pizzas here are awesome and always piping hot. The owner Brian is friendly and willing to make your experience better if it is lacking which it never is at this Nello's. They make the salads fresh to order and the house dressing is SO good! it is even good to dip the crust of your pizza in! I have had every pizza on the menu. I have had the pizza in thin crust and deep dish. Either way you prefer the crust is tasty. I like too that they offer a wheat crust for those of us that are trying to avoid the bleached flour. NELLO'S YOU ROCK! Keep up the good work Brian!
2	I don't get it.  To be fair, I've only had their pizza, while eatable, I would never go back. Its definitely a huge jump up from the Domino's & Pizza Huts but not even close to a Spinato's Pizza (my favorite) or a Casanova Brothers Pizza, as far as chains go, I think NYPD is much better than this.  I know I'm in the minority here & I love pizza but just not Nello's.
3	Maybe I just don't get it, but I really don't think this is the greatest pizza in the world. Not even top 5. It's good stuff and I support local businesses so I'd visit again, but it's not my top choice.
4	Nello's you never do me wrong. Your pizza is tasty, your Italian Beef is delicious, your appetizers are on target; I only wish I could say something about dessert, but I'm always too full to try! Maybe next time!
5	Me and my husband LOVE LOVE Nello's! We have been going for years and it is by far our favorite place to go for a night out!
4	The house dressing is an absolute must especially on the Old World Classic Salad. Bottles are available for purchase & I believe a dollar off is given for bringing the bottle back for refills. Servers are young and hip, my daughter used to say she wanted her first job to be here! Try the spinach pie, you won't be sorry.
5	Awesome Aweome Awesome !!!!We do not do pizza night often but every now and then we do and I suggested Nellos since I have driven past it several times as in the neighborhood and I'm always into finding new spots by the house. We check out the menu online and I am in LOVE with all of their ingredient choices! I'm a woman of variety and Nellos has it. We ordered 3 small pizzas and created two of our own and also tried the Bianca pesto Pizza as well. Everything was absolutely heavenly!!! The thin crust what eggplant/artichoke one we created was my fav.... you will never get eggplant at Pizza Hut people but Nellos is def worth the splurge! I picked up our pizzas about 25 minutes later and when I arrived pizza was ready and I was in and out in no time to get back to our Sunday evening of Guitar Hero. Cute spot inside and we well def be back to check out the bar and try out happy hour!
5	My daughter said it all when she said, "There  are no words to describe this pizza!"  We ordered a garden salad, which fed our family of 4.  The house dressing was awesome!  We then Had the buffalo wing pizza.  It was so flavorful, and the crust was amazing!  Good selection of beers!  We will return!
4	This is one of the good Nello's!  Good service and usually packed with local Mesa and Chandler townie families, baby chairs included.  They serve Grolsch in the bottle which is rare.  Always decent and never quiet.  We love it for eating in or take out.
5	went back and hung out at the bar and enjoyed some craft beer while waiting for pizzas we ordered to take home. I absolutely love Nellos even more than my first encounter. The people here are super friendly and there are a lot of regulars. They just make you feel so welcome. Tried the eggplant brochette while we waited for our custom ordered pizzas and the brushetta is ummm how can i explain it..great? Marvelous, splendid? Superfreakingdelish? yup superfreakingdelish works..
4	I would just like to thank Jennifer from the Hotel for telling me about Arizona's take on Chicago style deep dish... This place was very good and I left full and thinking I should not have this pizza memory when it is so hot out... ;) It's 32 degrees in Chicago not a balmy 78.... Ehhh Whatever the pizza still rocked."The Good"- The staff... our waiter played to the table and was able to feel comfortable and crack a few jokes and recommend a few beers... all of which were great calls. The best was when the meat laden pizza arrived and was introduced as the veggie pizza... our side of the table immediately object and told him it was the guys at the other end but when it landed on the table it was a beautiful sight :).- Great beers on draft including a few local favorites that escape me at the moment... ask the wait staff, they know which ones move.-Service was great for a busy Saturday night speed-wise as well. We were not waiting that long and the pizza arrived in two beers time.- The pizza... Its really good. The kind of good that as I am writing this my mouth is watering remembering how delicious it was. I'm a fan..."The Meh"- Nothing really meh to comment on..."The Bad"- The fact I did not get a chance to try the Italian Beef ... but man did that look good as well.
5	Dear Nello's, I love you. You may think I am moving too fast as I just met you last week, but I have never been so sure of my emotions. Every bite filled me with happiness. Each slice of your pizza was a flavorful perfection. I love how you give me the choice of getting a wheat crust. There are so many flavors I want to try. The spinach pie will always remind me of our first encounter though. Your pizzas are affordable and amazing. One of the best I have ever had in my life. You beat pizza in Italy. Sorry Italy.
5	All I had was a pepperoni and pineapple pizza and hands down it was the best pizza I have ever had in the Phoenix area.   The crust was light and just flat out tasted amazing.  I wish it was closer to me in Queen Creek.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out.  The whole group loved their pizza too.  Agreed it was some of the best they have had in the area.
5	BEST PIZZA: 5 Stars all the way!  Nello's famous motto; " In Crust We Trust!" forever holds true!  This is the BEST deep dish Chicago pizza in the Valley of the Sun bar none! My sister originally found Nello's over 28 years ago (some of their original customers) when it was a one or two table small outfit located in a single wide strip mall store front at McClintock and Southern.  We loved the Numero - Uno with gourmet sausage and mushrooms ever since! Telling hundreds of people over the years how good the place was has caused them to grow into a doublewide store then triplewide and now currently four or five valley locations!  We make it a point to bring every one of our guests here and they never leave dissappointed. What makes Nello's soooooo good has to be the crust and sauce! We make it a point to ask for a side of the pizza sauce to dip our crusts in total enjoyment.  Make sure to start with a Mozzarella Platter for an appetizer while waiting for the pie to arrive!My favorite after the #1 is the Alaskan King seafood pizza with white sauce w/ mushies, green peppers and fresh tomatoes. Sometimes I special order the Numero Uno with the Alaskan Crab extra if you enjoy the red sauce more - Delicious!Our kids love the Hawaiian topped with loads of mozz, ham and a generous portion of pineapple chunks. Where else can you order up an Enchilada Pizza??  Southwestern red sauce topped with tender grilled chicken, black olives, onions and green chiles sour cream and guacamole.  Mmmm SPICEY!Deluxe Combo can't be beat fully loaded, or try the Skinny: Homemade sausage, pepperoni, salami, meatballs, and bacon! That is the Pie of all Pies! For side drinks, my wife from South Africa loves to get a picher of Guava Juice to soak in a flavor from home and this is a great place to take kids or buddies for a game on the many TVs.The Murphy with bacon and onions or what used to be known as the Popeye: Fresh Spinach, garlic, mushies, tomatoes, olive oil, mozz and feta cheese. The list goes on from BBQ Chicken to the Buffalo Wing Pizza that packs a punch!! What more can I say?? I'm gettin' hungry writing this FIVE star review! Go and see why they have won the New Times Best of Phoenix some 10 or 15 years!PS: A little tip if you order 4 pizzas ya get da 5th one FREE :)) Stock up and put 'em in your fridge.  Also check out my review for the Aloha Kitchen next door to Nello's as it is the best Hawaiian food in PHX....Cheers!!
5	Wow, I'm impressed! Years ago the past owner was one of my patients & we visited Nello's every so often & ALWAYS enjoyed it, but I lost touch with it.... I will not do that again! We stopped by on a fluke today because my husband was in the mood for pizza & there is no doubt about it - Nello's delivers! (no pun intended) I have known the food is great but today we received Superb service from our bartender Nick! From the moment we sat down it was like he was reading our minds... No questions asked just AWESOME customer service! Definitely want to mention since we are beer fans, that they have a nice selection on tap & you can't beat the price. Great Happy Hour Prices on Pitchers! My hiatus is over & we will definitely be back! Oh and they have a fantastic Napkin Artist - that's right I said Napkin Artist! Go check it out - it's pretty cool! Thanks Nello's (& Nick)!
4	They accommodated our big group in the separate dining area to the right of the arcade once you first enter. My friends have raved bout this joint and wanted to try it out. Upon entering the place, you would think it's one of the smaller chain restaurants with greasy pizza (barros). But the food actually surprised me here. Got the old world salad which was filled with all kinds of goodies like feta cheese, olives, red onioin, peppercinis, roasted peppers, cucumber, etc. I think the best part of the salad was their tomato house dressing which is phenomenal. It has a tangy balsamic taste to it which is awesome with any salad I would imagine. Maybe even dip ur pizza in it.Next time I gotta try some of their pizzas though and I will report back!
4	Reminiscent of Midwest pizza. Liking both the thin and thick crust and the Italian Beef sandwich is very nice! I also am a fan of the Kiltlifter beer they have on tap. Comfortable place to meet friends and have a couple brewskis!
2	I am from Chicago and have only found places I like.  Hadn't tried Nellos and heard it was good, so my wife and I went there today for lunch.  We had their thin crust deluxe.  Was disappointed.  It was very thin, but crust was not airy, like I am used to.  And being from Chicago, I like my Italian Sausage, not pepperoni.  The sausage was bland and was almost freeze dried.  No flavor, not moist.  It crumbled.  Very disappointed.  Sorry.
4	Great deep dish pizza, great salads. Deep dish always hits the spot.
5	Their Old World Classic salad is the best! They make their own house dressing which is a creamy tomato italian that is great as a dressing or marinade.
3	The Good:  Great, friendly service with a smile and laid back atmosphere.The Bad:  The crust was not all that I thought it would be. Instead of being dense and buttery, it was really light and fluffy. Not what I was expecting from a deep dish crust. Normally eating 1 or 2 slices of Chicago deep dish is enough to make you throw in the towel but I ate 4 slices and ehh, not so much stuffed. The sauce was awesome however.The Ugly:  Spinach on pizza was undercooked and slimy. Probably just a fluke this time but still off-putting. If you are looking to listen to loud tv's and drink, go to Native New Yorker. Several people found this out the hard way that they can't turn the volume up louder after ordering 5 pitchers of beer, only to give it away for free to people sitting behind them so they could leave for Native.
3	Great, friendly service. This was our first time here. We had the combo deep dish pizza. It was really good. Loaded with fresh veggies & ingredients. Good beer selections and TV's if you're looking to catch a college or pro game.
2	How can this place have nearly five stars?  The atmosphere is fine if you're looking for a casual, family friendly kind of restaurant.  The service was fast and cordial, but the pizza left so much to be desired.  We ordered two pizzas.  One was a thin crust "Deluxe Combo" (pictured) which was passable, but nothing to write home about.  The other was a "Pesto Bianca" with chicken added (pictured) which I almost sent back --- and I never send food back.  The crust was burnt to a non-edible char; my teeth literally could not bite into it.  The chicken (which I paid extra to have!!!) was dry beyond belief.  It had a texture that made me think it was day-old chicken tossed onto a grill to merely reheat was had previously been overdone.  I was surprised that someone in the back-of-house allowed this pizza to leave the kitchen.
2	First of all, a bowl of iceberg lettuce with an unripe tomato and 4 massive carrot shavings does not qualify as a dinner salad. This pizza we ordered was mediocre. The sauce was far too sweet and everything else was just 'meh.' The service in general was lackluster. The restaurant wasn't very busy at all with just a handful of customers, yet our waitress managed to bypass our table numerous times before collecting the check.
3	Lots of different options and good pizza too! Our server was a little off, but mayeb she was just having a weird day.
3	Came in on a busy day, and thought to sit at the 2 Tables between the bar and the order pick up window... I did not realize this means no service area, as all waiters n even the hostess didnt look at us, or ask us if we could be helped,,, Maybe they assumed we were waiting for a pickup order... Well thats about 60 buck that walked out the door.. Hope that gets communicated so someone is responsible for those 2 tables.. I went for lunch one day with my friend and we had to kind of be rude to get service there,, thought it would be addressed after that, but i guess not...
3	I want to be able to give Nello's 3.5 stars. Great:I love the attentive service, the REALLY great beer selection (wine too) and portion sizes. Family run joint, that you have to stop into if you live in The Valley. You just do.Meh:I can't say I am overwhelmed by the food, it's standard fair - Done right. But I am fairly underwhelmed.Overall:The restaurant is cozy and has that "easy going" family atmosphere. I do appreciate Nello's for staying in business all these years. It has a great nostalgia for a lot of us on the East Side.
4	Yummy Pizza!!
5	Awesome pizza and great service. Super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here! Don't forget to try the grilled wings!
4	Nellos is consistently good and I have been going for over 20 years.  Love their Garden Salad with the house dressing.  Keep up the great work!
1	Here is my detailed review:I went here for my birthday with my wife after reading the great reviews of this place.  It was a Friday night, so the place was packed.  Be that as it may, the wait was reasonable (20-25 minutes).  The place was buzzing and it got me really excited about the food.  I waited with bated breath to get a taste of the food that all of these people were getting so hyped up about.  The anticipation was mounting heavily, not only because of the buzz, but because I have failed to find a place in the area that makes a half-way decent pizza.  Maybe, I thought, just maybe, I've finally found the place.We get seated, waitress comes over, I order a Guinness and me and the wifey order an app which consisted of mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, basil, bread, pepperoncini peppers, and some oil to dip it all in.  It was decent.  The bread was extremely heavy on the rosemary.  It wasn't out of this world, but I couldn't complain all that much.For entrees,   me and my wife both ordered 10" thin crust pizzas.  I ended up getting a buffalo chicken pizza and she got a deluxe pizza.  The first thing that I noticed when the pizzas came was that, whomever cut it, either had a sense of humor, didn't care, or just didn't know how to cut a pizza.  Normally, when you get a pizza, the pizza is cut into 8, triangular sections.  However, Nello's fails to provide its customers with this modern convenience, instead opting to cut the thin crust pizza more like a flat bread, but in random, strange angles.  What this ends up creating is shear frustration as now, in order to not make a mess, I must dissect my pizza like some sort of stupid jigsaw puzzle.  If I wanted to solve a jigsaw puzzle, I would've bought one.  But all I wanted was a slice of pizza.And do you think that it was worth all the hassle?  Of course not.  My wife's pizza was under seasoned.  Indeed, upon its creation there was n'er a salt shaker in sight.  The buffalo chicken pizza, on the other hand, was the exact opposite and I mean this to the utmost extreme as it tasted as if the "chef" dumped an entire salt shaker on the thing.  It tasted horrible.On top of this, the crust was far from crispy.  When you order a thin crust pizza, you expect the crust to be crispy.  However, in our case, it was not crispy largely because the pizza was under cooked.  Normally, you're looking for the pizza to have a golden brown bottom when cooked.  The bottom of this pizza was pure white, which says to me that either the "chef" in the back doesn't know what he/she is doing, or doesn't even care.So, I thought that, maybe, they just can't cook a thin crust pizza.  Their normal crust appeared, at first glance, to be more along the lines of a "Chicago style" crust.  So, out of curiosities sake, I ordered a large, pepperoni pizza to go.I took it home, and of course the box was chock full of packs of crushed red pepper flake, a topping that I've never heard of going on top of a pizza in my entire life until I moved to Arizona.  In fact, I've never even heard the two in the same sentence before.  Needless to say, I discarded those.Now, in case you've never had a "Chicago style" pizza before, let me inform you of how it is supposed to be.  It's a deep dish style pizza with a thick, chewy crust, and is loaded with toppings.  A good "Chicago style" pizza can even be eaten with a fork and knife because it's more like a pie then anything else.  A beautiful, tomato, cheese, and meat pie.What I got here was far from that.  Again, the pizza was underdone.  There was hardly any cheese on it, the crust was more like white bread than pizza crust (are they even using pizza dough?  There is a difference between pizza dough and bread dough - pizza dough contains more gluten than normal bread dough).  It had absolutely no flavor at all as, again, it was under seasoned.  I mean, I guess that I can't blame them there - things like garlic, basil, and salt (especially salt!) are pretty dang exotic.I think that what disturbs me even more than my experience with this place is how vehemently people defend this place and how insistent they are that this place serves good pizza.  What, are you people paid to write these reviews or something?  If you truly think that this place serves a good pizza, then frankly, you have no clue as to what a pizza is.  In fact, you don't have any clue as to what something even closely resembling a pizza is.  I truly pity you all.And for those of you that are insistent on the fact that the place is good because it makes good salads - come on.  How hard is it to make and dress a salad?  Their salad dressing is good, you say?  Yeah, it's really hard to mix up red wine vinegar with extra virgin olive oil, some salt, pepper, garlic, and oregano, isn't it?  Phew, I'm breaking a sweat just thinking about it.
1	Normally, I'd give Nello's a better rating, but with the combination of a bad meal and even worse customer service bia phone, It's not.I ordered a small pizza with a large salad for pickup.  Ticket says time of 4:52.  I ran to safeway just next to it to grab a pie and then proceeded to pick up my meal.  Now the charge came thru on my phone at the time of 5:22 so total time from phone order to pick up was a half hour.  By the time I got home (less than 5 minutes from the location) the pizza was so cold we could not eat it nor the bread that came with it.I promptly called and asked for the Manager and was given Jason.  I explained our situation and was promptly told that it had been sitting there an hour, when by time proof it was 1/2 hour total time, call in to pick up.  I did not call for anything but to give a heads up about our situation.  The call ended, no thank you for calling, nothing.  He just hung up on me.Uniquely, Jason's name was on the receipt we have with the time stamp.Although we have been going to Nello's since we moved down the road  over 2yrs ago, we will be driving farther into chandler to Floridino's due to the poor customer service we received today.  If the customer service from the "manager" on duty was better I may have given Nello's another chance, but it won't get my $$$ now.Mark LinkfieldChandler AZ
5	Great place. Traditional pizza joint. This place has been here forever and I know why. Quality food, great beer and great service.  I would recommend the pumpkin porter.  Jessica was our server and she was great.
5	One of the best pizzas in the valley. Especially if you are looking for a thin crust pizza.  The half baked cookie Sunday is also to die for.
5	I love Nello's pizza.  I have been a fan of Nello's since the 90's.  The pizza is always hot and cooked, ingredients are fresh and the options are plentiul.  They have local beers on tap, including my favor - 4 peaks peach ale!!  I would recommend trying out their deluxe combo or the pizza bianca with sun dried tomato, mushroom and sausage with a side of marinara. You will always get quality when you go to Nello's and you can expect that get great pizza everytime.  Top food recommendations:Pizza Crust with CheeseGarlic bread with tomatoes and cheeseOld world classic saladDeluxe comboPizza BiancaPesto BiancaSkinnyAnd a cold beer from the draft to go with it, you can't ask for anything more!
4	Chicago style pizza with GREAT crust!  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Love Nello's... Been going there since the late 80s/early 90s.  Crusts and sauce are a great appetizer or an inexpensive meal.  Deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage is fantastic.  Try the house dressing.  It's a local establishment with a small business feel.  Just remember closed on Mondays.
5	LOVE Nello's. We've been here about a zillion times, not sure how I haven't reviewed it yet. Love the thin-crust pizza, and their salads are awesome. Consistently great service. Place is always packed and has a ton of regulars - a good sign of a good joint. I've also had the deep dish pizza and it's great too. Also have tried a few pasta dishes, and have never been disappointed. Can get pretty noisy on a busy Friday night, as the acoustics aren't great and if you mix in a few screaming rug rats, it can get loud. But I consider it part of the ambience of a family-type joint. Highly recommended!
4	My wife and I was looking for somewhere to eat dinner when I mentioned we had not been to nello's in several years.  We decided to give it a make it our place for dinner.  We arrived just in time because our wait was only 15 min and shortly after we were seated the wait time jumped to 40 min.  We go our drinks and ordered promptly.  I had the eggplant parmigan and my wife had the old world salad.  Now I have to mention we both had the half orders and still brought food home.  The eggplant parmigan and the salad were both excellent.  The sauce was not to acidly and the pasta was cooked just right.  We had forgotten about this little gem and will try to make it for dinner more often?
2	Not sure how anyone can really enjoy deep dish pizza...waaaaaayyyyyyy too much crust to eat.  It's kind of like eating a loaf of bread.  Their thin crust pizza is serviceable.
4	Love Nellos pizza. We don't have it that often but when we do it's usually on celebrations. The cheese is so good and fresh. I do not care to much how the pizza is cut oddly? We love the Hawaiian pizza. I wish they could deliver, but we are never upset with the flavor and seasonings.
4	As usual, my experience at Nello's was a great one!  If your a fan of deep dish, this is the place to go in AZ.   I've been a frequent visitor over the last 20 years, and as usual,  they did not disappoint.  First, Its great to see that they have Four Peaks on tap, I had a Hop Knot IPA.  My wife and I then ordered the 1/2 Spring Salad with the both the House Balsamic Vinaigrette AND the regular House, since they are both  some of our favorite dressings from anywhere.  Then we ordered the Eggplant Brochette for an appetizer, the first time trying that item.  The Brochette had plenty of cheese and eggplant, but it had a soggy feel to it, almost as if the bread hadn't been toasted enough, and gave it more of a cheese bread taste and texture.  Then I had the 10in Skinny, which was the shinning star of the night.  It had every meat on the menu, and the cheese was piled on heavy.  The bacon was thick and cut into quarter strips, sausage had a great flavor, and their sauce and always thick and soft deep dish crust was excellent.  Truly one of the best deep dish pizza's i've had.Our waiter Zach was extremity efficient and nice,  The place was packed, but he didn't seem fazed by it at all and he gave us great service the whole night.  We will defiantly be back soon.
3	We have been going to Nellos for years. Last night the hubby and I went for date night.  We started off with the Eggplant "brushetta" .  The toppings were heavy and the bread soggy. While tasty it was definitely NOT brushetta worthy.  Rename it to Eggplant Cheesy Bread and then you will get what you expect.  We also ordered the Spring salad with the house Balsamic. It was delicious!!  Nellos makes the best house dressing and this was equally as yummy as the original. We each order our own pizza. Hubby loved his pan crust Skinny. I being a creature of habit ordered what I ALWAYS get, the thin crust wheat spinach pie.  Here is why I only gave three stars... I think they must have a new chef. The pizza was soggy and I had to get a magnify glass out to find any feta... Oh no!! The main ingredient I was craving!  :( I voiced my complaint to our very attentive and friendly waiter Zach.  He had them make another. I requested it To Go  as by then hubby had finished his meal. Unfortunately the second pizza was the same as the first.  I will probably go back because the salads are just so wonderful but unfortunately my favorite pizza is no longer an option I will take a risk on again.  So disappointed after craving it all day!
5	I love Nello's! Pizza, sandwiches, or wings you won't be disappointed. The wait staff is prompt and personable, and the food is always top notch. Drinks come in giant cups so there is no slow down while you're enjoying your deep dish. This is a great destination for a lunch break.
5	I have been going to this Nello's since I moved to the valley. I have tried pretty much very pie they make and they are all delicious ! But I absolutely love their deluxe combo on thin or original deep dish. They even have gluten free crust!Great pasta dishes that are large enough to share. I love their homemade Italian sausage. The salads are enough to feed a small army and their homemade house dressing is a must.Great friendly service, at a great price!
5	Get the "fat free skinny pizza" it is a carnivores dream. You will not be sorry. My friends ordered the "kilt lifter" beer and loved it.
5	Wow, amazing pizza. Saw this on check please and came for the chicago style. My wife and I had that and the thin crust also. I have to say we like both but I have to give the nod to the thin crust. It was bbq. The other was the skinny. The bbq thin was so great, especially when dipped in ranch, which my wife introduced me to today. This place is awesome. Really fast and efficient service. The ice tea is good. The is place is lively. We came at 4pm on Sat and it filed up by 5pm. We will be back soon!
5	I have been going to this place since I was a kid. This is hands down the best deep dish pizza in the valley! "Food so good make you want to slap yo mama!" If you like bbq chicken pizza, Nellos has the best there is!
5	Probably the best pizza I've had. I've never dined in the restaurant, but we order from here for work all the time and it's delicious!!! If you're looking for a tasty fair priced pizza visit this location. The staff is always friendly too when we pick up our order :)
5	Delicious and love the gluten free option. I went with a friend for lunch last Wednesday, we got a gluten free deluxe, thin crust deluxe, and pizza we created using a variety of toppings. All of the pizzas were amazing! The server was attentive and very nice. When I told another co-worker about how delicious my pizzas were, she told me it's been a long since she ordered  a pizza there because she loves the salads so much she forget to order a pizza.Tonight, we phoned in a to go order. The person that answered was very friendly and confirmed my order with me before ending the call. My husband is one his way to pick up a world salad and two gluten free pizzas :) We definitely recommend you give them a try.
5	This is our fave family spot: dine-in and take-out! The service, the food and the friggin crust keeps us coming back over all these years. We can't tell you much about the menu bc we always get the Deluxe Chicago style pizza with the ever-so-amazing Garden Salad (add turkey & ham) with their house dressing that is to die for!
5	This is hands down the best pizza in the southwest. Nice crust with amazing sauce. Best pizza from cheese pizza to loaded Chicago style pizza. When you step in you are visiting chi-town. With the cubs, bears, bulls and Blackhawks memorabilia! Best pizza in town. Renember to go to the one in MESA.
5	PIZZA HEAVENMy favorite is to get a pepperoni and sausage.  They make their sausage there, and it's delicately seasoned.  The sauce has a good amount of garlic in it, and herbs, and it is wonderful beyond words.  Best deep dish pizza I've ever had.
4	We ordered a meatball sub,   a sausage sub and a deep dish pizza. Very nice sauce on the subs and meatballs and their house made sausage is quite nice. The pizza is just so so. Not bad but also did not rock my world. Very friendly staff.
5	We've been coming here for almost 30 years.  Evidently since just after they opened we found out the other night.  The food is always awesome, service is good and the smell, yum.  Smells the same way it did 30 years ago, delicious!  Best deep dish pizza around.  Definitely our favorite.
5	Absolutely my favorite tried it for the first time in an office meeting nobody had ever had it and we will be having their pizza from now on 25 employees and we all loved it
4	Garlic bread delicious! Pizza phenomenal! Wish it was more like deep dish but crust tasted great! Staff was wonderful!
3	NOT A FAN, they claim this is a Chicago type Pizza (NO) is my response.  The atmosphere is pretty friendly - great neighborhood pizza joint.  Wait staff very friendly, but the Pizza (hand tossed or their original crust) not so good, the sauce was tasteless not very italian (bland) to be exact, the sausage was very overdone or dry.Might go back definitely won't get their pizza may try a italian sandwich???? We'll seeI'll let you know !!
5	Love this place, there salad dressing alone is worth the trip. Original crust Hawaiian is my favorite but everything is good.
4	Chicago pizza rocks!
5	This place has amazing food. We always come here whenever we crave pizza or Italian food. Their Alaskan King Crab pizza is to die for. They are sooo good. And their appetizers are great as well. The atmosphere around here is nice as well. They have good seating and also a bar too if you'd like to drink.
5	I hadn't eaten here for quite a while, but I'm glad I did! The environment is louder but that's because it's mixed with restaurant and bar. The service is great and friendly. The portion sizes were large & plenty. Choices, choices, choices too....salad, pasta, pizza....so many choices in each type of food. To top it off...awesome pizza!!! Why did I stay away so long???? Be back very soon!
4	12/7/14My first time at nello's... I had the italian beef sandwich and my fiance had the pizza with pepperoni.I'm  a ny pizza purist so the deep dish style really does not do it for me but my italian beef was great. The pizza tasted very fresh with fresh ingredients.We also had the bread with melted cheese appetizer which was also great.Nello's bread is fantastic......thats the first sign that you're in for some good food.I will return.....
5	Hands down, best pizza in AZ! We love this place. One of our favorite pizzas to order is a whole wheat thin crust Murphy with spinach. The bacon is killer, not sure where they get it, but it is so good! The pizza crust appetizer is another must for us, we get them without cheese because we like them better that way and the sauce to dip them in is addicting. We have tried other pizzas on the menu, but usually end up back ordering the Murphy, probably because of the bacon factor. :) The service is always fast and friendly, whether you are dining in or carrying out. Highly recommend Nello's!
4	OMG. Love Nello's. I have not been there in YEARS so went a few weeks ago and WOW. I like lots of cheese and you get it at Nello's. The sausage pizza was great and I hear they make it themselves. Cheap wine and beer as well. The place was crazy crowded...and we still got a seat right away. Great waiter and very friendly. Great local place and no wonder they have been open for so many years! :)
4	The pizza here has been top notch and full of flavor ..I've never been disappointed here even when it's crowded ..the service has been great as well ..the salads are really good as well ..
