4	This is a great place to see a mass market act here in Arizona.  It's a very post-modern version of the spectacular Wiltern (LA), Pantages (LA), or Fillmore (SF) here in Phoenix.  As a relatively new performance venue, you can rest assured that you'll see a good show here - with good lighting and sound equipment to be had here.It seats up to 5,000 in this venue and has good sightlines from most seats.  Seats might be a tight squeeze for you if you've got junk in your trunk.  I have seen Margaret Cho, Nelly Furtado, and The Fray here, and they have always been decent experiences.  Levy (like Chase Field) does the food/drink service here, btw.
4	The Dodge Theatre is one of my favorite places to see a show because you can sit almost anywhere and still have a great view of the stage. The Black Eyed Peas, comedian Kathy Griffin and Snow Patrol are a few of the acts who have performed at this cool venue. There's usually a lot of parking. And the Dodge has some awesome upcoming shows -- Poision headlines this week and Gwen Stefani will perform two intimate shows in November (Nov. 8-9).
5	My favorite big place to see a concert! Its a small venue that is still able to capture the big acts (The Killers, Smashing Pumpkins). I also agree that there is not really a bad seat in the house, and its always nice and cool inside - especially in the summer! Its also pretty cool for a comedy show  (Dave Chappelle), and the Blue Collar Comedy Tour was filmed there. Now downtown just needs some better nightlife to accompany the venues down there! Oh also, something better than $8 beers please.. come on!
3	Dodge Theater is a descent spot for a concert. I guess since I cannot choose where my favorite bands play I'll go with it! I like that most of the time they do allow a certain but limited amount of tickets for the very small pit area. If you are like me and do not like being confined to an assigned seat area this venue may be tough because the general admission (pit) area is so small. The best seats if you do not get general admission are in the first few rows on the lower level or right in the middle of the middle balcony. It is a perfect venue for theater or comedy but just tough for concerts!
4	It's a nice venue that's for sure, but you have to pay an arm and a leg for drink's so they get 4 star's! $30 for 2 mixed drinks can you say ouch!!?! You unfortunately have to come here to see some acts so no choice but to get smashed before your arrival possibly somewhere near by you can walk to ;)
3	How to review a theatre? Hmmm...well....I never waited in line to use the restroom. Gotta love that. The bartenders seem to know their stuff, until I asked for a Patron shot to be chilled and he said the Patron wasn't on ice. Oh. Really? Hey, barkeep, how's about using that metal drink shaker behind you? Brilliant. Thanks Larry. The video screens were a bit snowy for my tastes and sadly, being in row 35, they were needed as I couldn't see Margaret Cho everytime she pointed to her vagina. Which was frequently. Acoustics were great as I heard her sniffle at least a couple of times. I didn't enjoy that, mind you, but I kept thinking, "hey, the acoustics are really great". I did the pre pay parking thing for $14 but arrived early enough that it wasn't necessary. But, hey, I spent an extra $4 and got to say to the attendent, "I prepaid online, here's my coupon". Lame. I know. It's the little things people! I'm prime for my next Dodge experience, but will try to secure tickets closer to the stage.
2	I hate assigned seats at a concert venue. Especially in today's internet purchasing age where all you can do is pray to the music Gods that you are going to get a good seat. You sit patiently in front of your seat, constantly reloading a page as the internet sale begins to make sure you are right there when it starts. You request seats in what must be 10 seconds after the sale started, and the best seats you can get are in the 26th row off center. WTF do you have to do to get a set of the primo seats just fucking once?The consolation for seated venues is that it is usually in a great outdoor amphiteater where you can kick back and enjoy your reserved space under the stars. Or its in an art-deco revival theater that is an amazing setting for a show. But here at Dodge, there is no consolation prize. Its boxy, boring, and cold. They went to no expense whatsoever to dress up the Dodge or make it an interesting place to see a concert. Its gray, drab, and would totally put you to sleep if it didn't have an amazing soundsystem powered by some top notch acts that play here.In addition, it has some seating that in no way, shape, or form should be sold at full price. The seats at the far left and right sections of the main area should be avoided at all costs. They are commonly as much as any other seat in the house, but are at such a sharp viewing angle that you can only see the front of the stage. I saw a Cure concert from there recently and never was able to confirm if they in fact had a drummer in the band.And to top it off you are likely going to have to pay hefty ticket prices at about 50-100 dollars, have about 15 dollars in fees per ticket, and have to pay 10 dollars for low quality brews.To enjoy this place you need to REALLY want to see whoever plays here, have some good friends with you, drink heavily before the show, stay away from the seats at the far sides, show up just in time for the show, and be ready to indulge in the intense sound this place produces because there is nothing else here that is going to entertain you.
3	I have been to The Dodge twice, once to see Blondie and The New Cars, and once to see Kathy Griffin.  It's a nice venue, with a well organized seating plan.  From the outside it looks like it might have arena style seating inside, but it indeed is a theater with a balcony, floor and mezzanine called the club level.The decor is pleasant and access in and out is a breeze.  The sound quality is top notch, but please make them seats just a bit bigger, not everyone is built like Zac Effron.  Some of us (actually most of us) regular folks need just a little bit more room.  I felt like I was flying in coach class for christ's sakes.Oh, and to those bitches that talked throughout Kathy's entire performance.  You're just lucky that the girl next to me called you out.  I was ready to go get the usher to give you the boot.  I'm just sayin'.
5	Zappa plays ZappaWas a Great concert , The Dodge
2	Comedian Brian Regan deserved better....and so did my friend and I. Perhaps I should have thrown comparisons to other similar venues out the window, but there are just certain staples that are found (and should be) at most places that host live entertainment. Let's start at the door: Talk about unorganized. No lines just a sea of bodies, people doing the push and shove (which is unacceptable unless it's at the Nordstrom Rack), and harried and cranky ticket takers. Clear and visible signage to direct you to the correct location: Negative. We walked halfway around the darn place before we realized we were on the OTHER side. Good luck trying to find someone to ask directions (see the note about the ushers below). Ushers: Here is a quote: "Um, yeah, your seats are over there (points in a general direction and then turns away). " My companion and I looked at each other perplexed since we had just came from "over there" and that was not the right area. Bad usher, bad. Seating: Appropriate for individuals the size of two year olds, not for the average size adult. Every time the woman next to me took a breath, I could literally feel her inhaling and exhaling. Only her doctor or significant other should be that close to her, and I am sure she felt the same way about me. Cherry on Top: I wanted a glass of water. Nothing fancy, just water. My companion got up and made his way out to the lobby. When he came back, he had 1 beer and 1 glass of ice cubes. The line he got in did not serve water, and when he asked for a glass full of ice cubes to compensate, they got all pissy with him. I guess I should be glad they didn't make him pay for it. Dodge gets one star automatically for having Brian Regan grace their location. The other star is for the pre-show rolling text messages across the video screens. It is an interesting concept and great way to keep the audience entertained beyond the usual onslaught of advertising material.
3	Great acoustics.  Clean.  If you find good street parking or take the Metro, you're golden transit-wise.But I've got to say....I feel sorry for any "big girls" and "big guys" who attend shows here:The seats are small and you are squished in.  I'm an average-sized person and was incredibly uncomfortable.  My poor friend of a larger frame joined me she couldn't sit there for two hours and we had to leave early during a recent show there.  It's basically like sitting in a Coach middle seat on an airplane.  It sucks. If you ignore the seating discomfort, it's a good venue in a central location.
4	to the point:a) looks terribly cheesy from the outside + the cheese continues inside down to the lizard lounge projections on the wall.b) HOWEVER, the sound in this intimate venue is flawless.  i saw tori amos here + i was stunned at her incredible she sounded.  look past the cheese and you'll be blown away by the incredible sound system.  i would definitely come see any band i love here.c) the staff was incredibly warm + kind as well
5	I have been to a few concerts at the Dodge and can honestly say I've enjoyed every one of them.The theatre location is great. The design of the theatre itself is superb...as in not a bad seat in the place. Sound system is excellent. Parking across the street in the City of Phoenix building is handy. (Park, a few flights of stairs, cross street....and you're there.) (Show over....leave theatre, cross street, few flights of stairs, and you're on your way home.)For some reason I love the huge flashing sign out front. Makes me feel like I'm actually going to 'a show'. And be sure to check out all of the rock memorabilia lining the lobby. Some great stuff to be seen if you're a music fan.Glad there is a more intimate theatre to see nationally touring music acts than US Airways in downtown Phoenix.
4	Been here several times and although a little pricier than celebrity or marquee, ticket and drink-wise, still a great venue.  Nice seats, good acoustics, plenty of bars and bathrooms.  Will go back for concerts.  Probably have been here a dozen times over the last few years and love going back.  It's like any large venue when it comes to parking and drinks, more expensive.  It goes with the territory.
3	What ever...I LOVE to have a seat and not worry about the bad hairy guy in front of me. Of course I had a warning that my sit would have "obstructed view" (Who the hell was the architect?). Luckily, we had a bad angle obstruction, but we were able to watch the band really close, jam and my favorite...NO LINES IN THE GIRLS BATHROOM!!  A big idea that compensates the "obstructed view" issue.Besides...I just came from the Killers concert and most ppl in my section don't even jam, so assigned sits are fine for statues.
4	yeah. i like dodge theatre. i like the staffers - they're friendly and helpful. i like the bathrooms - they're large and they're clean. i like the music memorabilia on the walls. i like that they allow re-entry. i like that i've sat in all the different sections and never had a bad seat. i like that the sound is pretty much always good. i like that they get some pretty good acts. oh! i also like the bargain parking option. arrive around 6:30, feed the meter until 8 (about $2) and go have dinner before the show. the meters are free after 8. the best part? cheaper and closer than the garage down the block that charges $10!
3	I like Dodge, I don't really have any reason to love it though. I had front row seats a while back to Ashlee Simpson in 2005, (lololol) It was fun and I never had any problems. Theater staff were helpful in helping me find my seat. Anyway, it's a nice venue with a modern layout and good location.
1	Saw the Chelsea Handler show tonight.  First came her boy Josh, who told lots of masturbation jokes followed by Chelsea who told lots more.Honestly, I was hoping for more complexity from a headliner.OK Chelsea, we go that you hate kids, but honestly some of those little girls at the show, who can't walk in high heels are going to grow up and have babies and...not like you. Do you really have to show up bombed?  And get more bombed on stage?Hell, even Kathy Griffin was better.
1	i heart that i saw Oasis and FOTC there, but i mostly love that i was kicked out of this A-hole venue for dancing to the CURE!  The Cure! that's right, the Phoenix heat bakes the life and Cool outta most everyone in the Valley of the Sun; so much so that if you are too lively at I dunno, a flippin rock concert, the cranky geriatric ushers act  up because they have no funds to retire. The dodge can SUCK it...and so can the mean old bitches and meth head grampas that work there.
4	So, I caught a BNL show at the Dodge Theatre last night, my first time at the venue. I was definitely pleased! I had researched it a little bit, and discovered that capacity is around 5000, a size I was excited about.The sound system was great; the Ladies sounded awesome, and it was good for both opening acts, an acoustic guitar playing songstress & a rocker American Idol runner-up. I sat in the middle floor section, with an aisle seat, which made the evening that much more enjoyable, seeing as how I did not have to awkwardly elbow people while clapping or moving in general. Based on how close the stage was to the seating, it does look like I would have had a good view from pretty much any section on the floor. (There are 7 large floor sections, and I would hands-down take a seat in sections 3-5 without hesitation.)The bathroom was large with a ton of stalls, and I never encountered a line which says something for a ladies room at a sold-out show. Saw quite a few stalls w/ broken/empty seat-cover dispensers, but for the most part everything looked clean. Food & drink prices were re-DICK which was disappointing... $10 for a 24 oz draft. I avoided US Airways but didn't avoid their pricing apparently. Whatevs, it didn't stop me from partaking in a few brews to enhance my viewing pleasure. All in all, better than I expected. If an artist I like is coming to Phoenix and playing at the Dodge, I will definitely go back!
4	I can honestly say that for those who have given one star (based on a not the venue but a performer), this place is as good and nice as any other.I've seen  The Fray, comedian Gabriel Iglesias,Chelsea Handler, Ray Lamontagne/David Gray and Dave Ramsey here.I've had seats that range from the 10th row all the way to, not kidding, the very last row of the whole place on the top balcony (Dave Ramsey). I was surprised how good the view still was from up there too. The place might lack in food options, but then again, all music venues seem to and it would be nice to have something other than hot dogs and burgers to eat for a change. But for the venue, setting and location,  the only negatives are the lack of free or easy parking.
5	This is my favorite venue for entertainment.  I went to Maragaret Cho here and all of the seating is very good no matter where you are at.  We paid for a higher price point ticket which was at about row 19 towards the center section.  Staff are friendly, the vendors prices are  a bit ridiculous,so passed on any libations and got some afterwards.  I won't fault the Dodge for this directly but the vendors contracted.  Crowds also tend to behave not as trashy as at US Airways or Cricket pavillon which is a plus
4	I really like this venue!  I wish more bands who come to town would use Dodge Theater.  Every seat I've had has been great - even balcony.  I would recommend getting something to eat and/or drink before you come though.  Average concert prices on alcohol but it's always good to splurge now then :)  I haven't had any trouble with staff or security.  The people who work the elevator are hilarious and always cracking jokes.
4	Cool enough venue, not much character but great acoustics and that's what you want when you shell out more than $100 for a concert.  How about dropping your fees a bit, eh?
2	-PARKING: like others have said...park in the street for FREE. Don't get ripped off paying $10 in a parking garage. There were a few empty spots along Washintgton.-SEATS: Made for midgets or pre-school sized kids. If you are average size and are claustrophobic , you WILL be UNCOMFORTABLE. Forget about crossing your legs...NO ROOM. Way worse than airplane seats in coach!-RESTROOMS: Ten stalls in the Ladies restroom on the west side of the building for hundreds of women = SUPER LONG LINE. Were there more restrooms somewhere else in the building? -THEATRE: HUGE inside. Two jumbo TV screens (not the best quality). Friendly & helpful employees. Played good pre-show tunes. Started show 20 minutes late. Did I mention HOW SMALL the seats were? Would I see another show here...not really.
4	I've been here for many events. I think the sound is always pretty great, and the suites are awesome! Unlike others that have posted here, I really don't mind paying $10 to park in the parking garage. I've never had problems finding a space and waiting too long in the garage to leave. That way, you don't have to go up and down one-way streets to find a spot. The employees here have always been very nice to me. It's pretty expensive for drinks - but that's usually how it goes at larger venues. There's also not a lot of room in the seats, which doesn't usually bother me, but if you're claustrophobic, then make sure to get the end seat on the aisle! The one thing I'd love to bitch about is the restrooms. I've had mixed experiences. Sometimes there's no lines and everything goes right. But most of the time they run out of soap and there's long lines and some clogged toilets. However, they're NICE restrooms, they're not ever dirty - just, in need of help sometimes.
4	I'm usually not one for shows that require assigned seating. I prefer venues that have a general admission price. However, last night I was pretty impressed with Comerica. I went to see Arcade Fire (which was amazing. If I could rate that, it'd be like a gajillion stars!), and I had no clue where my seats were in relation to the stage. I had club level seating on the far left side and I must say, those were some damn good seats! I had a great view of the stage. It was worth the few extra dollars paid to see the band play there-I get it, they required a huge venue. The acoustics were spot on as well, seats were comfortable, comparable to anything you'd sit in at a movie theater and I felt I had sufficient room to move around. Slightly disappointed with the prices of a drink-I paid $12 for a beer. I kind of expected it to be more expensive, however the beer size was a large bottle so I cant complain TOO much. Parking wise, we parked on the street. We were lucky enough to find a spot right near the venue and paid 1.50 on the meter since we arrived before 8pm. I would definitely go to this place again IF one of my favorite bands were playing as ticket prices can get quite a bit pricey (stupid Live Nation is to thank for that.. lol).
1	Hideous.  Corporate. Horror.  Sound is appalling if  you're not square in front of stage. Beer is like $200. Would rather get punched repeatedly in the face than go to this dreadful shithole.
3	Me and my girlfriend went to this place for the first time when I bought her tickets to the Bruno Mars concert as a birthday gift. The place was ok on the inside. I thought it was going to be bigger and have more to it. But it was a pretty standard concert venue. Beyond that the show was great and my girl loved it which was the whole point in going. Word to the wise. Make sure u check your seat if the usher seats you. Because about 5 people including us were seated in the wrong seats.
4	I like coming here. The seating is nice and you can't go wrong even if you're on the end sections. Balcony seems like a nice view; I've never been up there. Nicely located downtown with parking garages next door. Parking prices hover between $10 and $20 depending on the show. As far as beer prices go, you really can't complain about it being expensive; any major event in the city will be around the same $12/beer.
3	You could park a little ways off and walk since downtown is not a sprawling metropolis but I was feeling lazy and we arrived late so we opted for the $10 parking that is catty-corner across the street. The elevators are located on the NE corner of the building so if you like walking down long flights of stairs, by all means be my guest and keep walking to that staircase you think is the elevator. It's okay everyone makes that mistake.The line went pretty fast even though it was really long for A Perfect Circle. Bada Bing, Boom Boom, you were checked and in the lobby buying your beer. The security was actually pleasant unlike some venues I have been to. I'm going to be the fat Homer Simpson American and say, where the heck is the cup holders? Thank goodness I'm not fat or else you're out of luck because these seats are kinda small, for me back-wise, and not very comfortable as far as cushioning goes. But who really cares right? It's not like you're going to be sitting down for a concert anyway. What are you 80?The place had a good intimacy vibe feeling to it and that in itself was a good thing. What am I? Martha Stewart?
4	We went to see Lisa Lampanelli this past Saturday night at Comerica.  Pros - Layout is very good.  Probably not a bad seat in the house.  Acoustics were impeccable.Cons - Seats.  If you're a plus size person, you'll most likely be squished in a seat.  Saw a guy in front of us have 1/4 of his seat invaded by the dude seated next to him.  Neither him nor the big guy looked too comfortable.  The seats/arms are not adjustable.  Restrooms.  Is there like 1 restroom for each sex in that entire place? Parking.  City of Phoenix - you suck for having people to feed meters until 8pm on a Saturday!!  Got downtown around 5:00pm. In total, fed $4.00 into the meter to park across from the venue.  Still better than $10 to park in a garage.
1	At Comerica Theater, [insert your fav band name here] will sound like thump thump thump, muffle muffle thump. Worst acoustics ever in a "theater" style venue. It's too bad Phoenix doesn't have a good medium sized venue for popular acts. I have seen DCFC and Arcade Fire at Comerica. These acts would have been great but the sound/acoustics were terrible. I have gone back hoping it was just an isolated show, but nope. Comerica sounds bad bad bad.
3	I just saw Incubus here last night---it was okay and I had a VIP package.  - There really isn't a bad seat, but that's because this theater is TINY. If you're used to places like Jobing.com area or US Airways center, this place will feel awkward and weird for a concert. It almost feels like an expanded high school auditorium.  - Acoustics seemed great. Incubus always sounds amazing live but when I walked to and from my seat (section 4 row 13 seat 10) I could hear them perfectly everywhere.  - VIP was a HUGE disappointment. I've seen VIP at Jobbing.com and been VIP at US Airways. While our seats were fantastic (thanks, Shelby!) the rest of the venue leaves A LOT to be desired. The places feels shabby, run-down, and cheap. I actually couldn't tell VIP and the regular lounge apart except for less people. No plush chairs, cheap drink set up. On the plus side, VIP parking let me park in the first spot in the parking garage literally 100 feet from the venue front door, so that was nice. VIP is great for seats and parking, but don't expect any plush treatment/areas before or during intermissions.  - The seats are really narrow and no leg room. It's fine to sit in and I wasn't uncomfortable but my bf (who isn't a big guy at all) said he felt crammed. At the end of the day, I would only see a band I really love here. I would never see a general show or try out a new comic here. I payed around $300 for two VIP tickets, VIP parking, VIP suite level passes and I'd say it was worth it only because of the band and the parking. I didn't feel like it was really "VIP" treatment or special access. Just access to great seats.
4	saw Evanescence last night.. had a great time. first time going there. great sound system, comfortable chairs. even for a big guy like me. easy to find. and ushers very helpful.
4	We went to see Louis CK on Friday, 10/28.  The layout is very good and the ticket prices were EXTREMELY reasonable.  Acoustics were great for a stand-up show.  The only negative was that, I'm a pretty small person and I feel kinda squished in the sold-out arena.  The leg room is fine for legs but small when considering the amount of people who get up to go to the bathroom throughout the show --- like a movie theatre, it took everyone getting up and people struggled to get through which obviously made it difficult for the people behind it to see anything.
2	We've only been to one show, Louis CK, since the name change. Naturally, the two people sitting directly in front of me were freakishly tall. You'd think in the age of stadium seating that we'd have found a way to negate the problem of height differentials, but you'd be wrong. We were seated in the right-hand section of the theater, so we were treated to a 90-minute view of the side of Louis CK's head, which is fine. He doesn't do a lot of physical humor, so we didn't miss out on much.Comerica is a mediocre venue. Unless I'm absolutely thrilled about the performer, I won't consider another show here.
4	Saw Fleet Foxes, Bon Iver and Beck here at different times.  Each time I had a great experience the place is nice and has great sound.  If you are there to get drunk watch out beer prices are insane.  It's an easy location to get in and out of and has lots of parking near by.
4	I really like the size of this venue.  It's not too big, not too small.  It feels cozy in there.  I have complaints about stadium venues for non-sporting events, because for those events, the arenas are usually more than half empty.My bro-in-law Robert D. took me here to see Cedric The Entertainer.  We had an incredible time.  We sat right in front, and the view was amazing.  The acoustics were great, and we didn't miss anything due to their perfect setup on the stage.  I've been to a couple of other events here, and each time, we had good experiences.If you get there early enough, you can even find street parking by the side or behind the place.The only reason I didn't give it 5 Stars is because it is located in a dead zone.  After the show, there really isn't anywhere good you can walk to and hang out at near there.
4	Cool venue with super friendly behind the scenes staff.I had to setup a sweet display there and they bent over backwards for us. I DUG it.
2	Every time I find out a concert is here, I am partially disappointed. I am very happy because, hey, there's air conditioning and I know the acoustics are great! Oh, and I'm excited that the venue is a little more intimate since the theater is smaller than being at a huge stadium or arena, but then I remember...It seems like the one who designed the theater did not sit in the theater him (or her)self.The seats aren't staggered enough so you are stuck looking at  3/4 of the person's head in front of you. (You just better hope that you're taller than that person in front of you). The seats are nearly half the size of the seats in a regular movie theater, so be prepared to be squished. We are not sardines! Why are we packed like them?!Seating aside, some of the headliners I've seen here have been great. Back in college, my friend dragged me to see Mary J. Blige in concert, which was a very awesome experience. Over a year ago, I watched Tosh.0. Hilarious experience, but then some of the comedians that opened for him had something going on with their mics, because you couldn't understand half the things they were saying. Audioslave was probably my favorite concert here. The sound was amazing! It felt like Storytellers, being that close to Chris Cornell sing since his voice his so strong and he can sing the dictionary to you and it will always sound out of this world.Last night, I saw the Summerland tour. The bands included Marcy's Playground, Lit, Gin Blossoms, Sugar Ray, and Everclear. This concert was so much fun. It was exactly what Mark McGrath said it would be, "Bringing the 90s back!" I guess they're planning to make this concert yearly, so I definitely recommend coming to see them, because it's exactly what concerts are all about. No fancy videos and special effects (like rising stages, fog, props). It's just great alternative music that seems to be lacking these days. I can't wait to catch the Barenaked Ladies, Blues Traveler, and Uncle Kracker headling in the "Last Summer on Earth Tour" on July 25th!
3	Came here for Foster The People Concert.....we had club level seating, last row (section 201) ... you would think we weren't able to see much but because this is a pretty small venue the view was actually pretty decent. I actually liked it a lot because the row in front of us -- was actually below us -- so our row is separated from the front section....therefore it feels like a private row....so when people stand in the rows in front they don't block your view and you don't block anyone because there's no one behind. At first I thought the railing that separated our row from the entire section would annoy me but actually I end up liking it being there. The concert itself was pretty awesome...they had pretty cool graphics on the screen and the acoustics are clean and clear. The restrooms were pretty clean. The parking structure is just right across the theater and like most places they charge $10 bucks. Overall pretty nice theater and they have a pretty friendly and helpful staff.
4	Honestly, the Yelps were all over the place so I wasn't sure what to expect - but we LOVED this theater!Saw Train last night and it was fantastic. I normally don't go to concerts because the artists are usually so far away and the acoustics so bad that you may as well watch from home....but it's Train...so worth the risk.Ok, in all fairness, we had seats in VIP Box 3, so the view, acoustics and seats were perfect. Some Yelpers noted small seats (one obnoxious Yelper even said large people should stay away)...not true...space was fine.HOWEVER, if you go, get VIP Box (3-6 best) Row 4 Seats 1 and 2....Row 4 is important because this row has pull-out seats and tons of space to dance and standup with no one getting upset behind you...literally felt like our own personal Train concert...AMAZING!And is anyone really surprised that the drinks are expensive? Come on...it's a theater...drinks are always more...$10 beers at DBacks games people. Vodka soda talls with 3 Olives Vodka were $8...not bad in my book.We will be back!
4	What a nice venue for a concert, we have been here several times for other events and had a great time.
2	My husband and I went to see Jerry Seinfeld at Comerica. First problem is that while he stood in line for beer, I had to stand in another line for liquor. And turns out, the line I was standing in wasn't even for liquor, but beer and some other random malt beverage. The liquor line was on the opposite side from the beer - it would be nice if people had a little more info.The bartender that was running the liquor portion was ridiculously slow. I mean, so slow the wife of the guy in front of me left to go stand in line at the bathroom and came back before their drinks were made. OMG.The seats are super tiny, very close together and pretty much have zero leg room. I'd hate to be tall and be sitting there. I wanted another drink but I didn't want to get up for fear of having massive leg cramps and not being able to walk back.Our view was decent, however the sound quality was terrible. Every time someone would talk into the microphone, it would echo all over the place and so we were listening to each joke twice.
2	Was excited to be going to the Comerica Theater, went and saw Kevin Hart on the 3rd,  the show was funny, enjoyed seeing Kevin, but the review is about the venue and not the act. And I really wanted to like Comerica Theater.It was my 1st time at the Comerica Theater, and I have to say its kinda left me with a eh impression, guess it's going to have to be a big act to make me think about coming back. It was very warm in the place and yea I was up on the balcony level, and the staff just kept saying yea the heat rises and even stated if I was at the theater in July or August it would have been well past 100 degrees up there.  Really?? We are 2012, can't we figure out how to provide AC for the entire venue, I have been to events in the summer that's in enclosed tents that have more AC going on,,,and it's a TENT..I'm sure something can be done, I don't like being hot when watching a show because all I am thinking about is getting out of this hot joint.  Ok enough about that.And like others have stated the seats are crazy small, and not just for width of a person, also for length, I am 6 ft tall, add some heels to that and yea I got legs for days, felt sorry for the person in front of me who had knees in his head all night all.  SMH not everyone is 5ft 9 or smaller. Started feeling uncomfortable.  Again thinking man when is this show going to be over so I can get up out of this joint, hot and & cramped!! And what a waste of thinking that way, I was there is see Kevin Hart!!! Enjoy some laughter and shouldn't have been thinking man this better end soon.  (But I did enjoy Kevin Hart and his show!)Yea it will have to be a die for act for me to come back to Comerica.
5	Excellent concert  location downtown PHX.
4	Been here for a variety of events and always enjoyed this venue. I wish the ladies room was a little more accessible but beyond that, the seats are comfy, the stage is easy to view no matter where you sit, and the people who work here are actually helpful. Have yet to have a bad experience!
5	Sit back and I will tell you a story about the Comerica Theater. I believe I have mentioned that my son LOVES the Fresh Beat Band, and he is 2.Welp folks they decided to go on tour and I bought tickets.Let me tell you how that went down.Me: Im buying tickets to the Fresh Beat Band ConcertHubby: Um, don't you think he is a little young?Me: Trust meHubby: OK you're going with him RIGHT?Me: Sigh...yeah.I purchased 2 tickets, and on the day of I explain to my son that we are going to go see the FBB.We get to the theater and park across the street, not too terribly pricey, and walk to the front entrance. There is a line, explain a line to a 2 year old. Then try explaining waiting.That was the worst part of the evening (at no fault of the venues). We walk in and what do they have? MERCHANDISE TABLES...yeah ok I figured I would have to do this, so we go get the program, the shirt, the flashy light pen and we are set.Then....I see it. Coamerica Theater you people are GENIUS. They have the snack bar open, serving VERY large alcoholic beverages ranging from draft beer, to super huge Smirnoff ice (because why not). If you are going to be subjecting your brain to something mind numbing its always nice to take the edge off. Bravo marketing for CT...BRAVO.We get our refreshments. The kid got water and popcorn...come on now, and go to watch the show. Seating was very well laid out, lighting was great, and when the band came on stage (and they were as close to being on time as I have EVER seen) he went absolutely BANANAS. All in all I was very comfortable at this venue, regardless of the fact that the show was great, and my husband was disappointed he didn't go in the end.
4	Good Venue! Set up well and great acoustics! Sat in the balcony for a concert and had an awesome view. There are a few restaurants right down the street that is just a quick walk from the Theater. Drinks were a bit pricey, but that is too be expected at any concert hall. Will definitely find an excuse to come to another show and try the floor seats.
5	Uber great
3	Saw a comedy show here. The theater is nice, nothing super special but clean and newish looking. Concession prices are ridiculous as expected. It got really hot in the theater by the end of the show, not great.
3	This is a very nice theater, It's set up exactly like a movie theater. It's very clean and it's well maintained, the staff are very courteous. Seats are your typical stadium style seats with padding on them and very close together. The VIP section is no better, it's padded folding chairs..... In comparison to a movie theater the tickets are obviously a lot more pricier. The refreshments are equivalent to movie theater pricing. In order for this place to receive 4-5 stars they would really need to reduce the pricing of their tickets.
4	awesome looking theatre!  I love the way it's laid out.  We went to watch a "Lead and Succeed" business seminar and it was cool.  Food is really overpriced though.
3	I have been to this venue on 4 different occasions to see 4 different events, and while I have experienced better, This venue is still a pretty decent venue. I have seen the Gorillaz, Paramore, She&Him, and Aziz Ansari at this venue, and each experience was different than the last.The way the venue is laid out  is pretty simple. You have the stage up front, a space for GA or more chair ( depending on the event), and then you have the first level seating. From there is a second level or seats above the very back of the venue, and a third above that, and I have sat in each section. When I saw the Gorillaz, Paramore, and Aziz Ansari, I had purchase a seated tickets. For the Gorillaz I had gotten tickets up in the third floor, just happy that I had gotten tickets to see one of my favorite bands. When I went to see Paramore a friend had got us tickets in the second floor, and with Aziz i got be and my brother tickets relatively close to the stage in the first floor of seating. Now I had a good time at all three shows, don't get me wrong. But in my opinion, unless you enjoy seeing tiny moving specs which you have to assume is someone you adore, I wouldn't recommend getting seats in anywhere other than the first level or GA. While I know some simply go to listen to live music, when I go to a concert I like to be up close watching these performers perform. That is simply something that you cannot do sitting down in a seat yards away from the stage. However, I will admit that in some instances the artist have made accommodations utilizes projectors, which show the performers on the walls on both sides of the stage up close and in a manner so that people in the back can be assured that they are looking at people. Aside from the stunted view from the cheap seats, I will say the seats are not that bad, but they are a little small and close together and can get pretty uncomfortable.But still in my opinion GA is the best option for this venue. I most recently saw She&Him when they were in town, and I feel that the experience wouldn't have been the had I been far away from the stage.Aside from that, the times I have gone to the venue, they had and a concession stand, and bar, however, like most movie theatres, they offered their concessions at extremely inflated prices.It is a pretty decent venue, but depending on the type of show, or experience, you are expecting, the level of which you enjoy the hours you spend here will vary. As will the price per ticket. More high brow artists will obviously charge more for tickets, and lower level seating, and GA are amongst the priciest locations to buy tickets.These are my experiences with the venue, but like I said at the beginning of this review, your experience will simply depend on your own sensibilities.
4	This was a really good venue! The seats we had were very good and all the employees were very helpful and knew what they were doing.
4	I recently checked out the Comerica Theater to see one of my favorite bands. It was different than other venues, I've been to, but I really enjoyed it. No matter where you're sitting, you're still fairly close to the stage. The sound was good too. Some venues, not matter how many sound checks, still can't get it right. The staff was all quite friendly as well. I recommend this theater to anyone looking for a good show!
5	I've been here for various concerts and a Ron White comedy event, and I enjoy this theater very much. The seats are really comfy and the rows are really accessible. There isn't a bad seat in the house and the sound is great!This time, my 2 friends & I were here for the Technicolors/Daughtry/3 Doors Down concert and we had a great time. The concert ROCKED & each act was AMAZING & AWESOME! The staff, as always, was friendly and very informative. Prices for drinks and such are a bit much, about like at a sporting event, but still worth it if you're seeking to quench your thirst while enjoying great entertainment.I love this theater and will be returning for more events in the future.
4	This is my favorite concert venue.  It's smallish without feeling cramped.  The drinks are way overpriced though but I've come to expect that.
5	I enjoyed my time seeing the backstreet boysssssssssssssss here on 9/5/13 AND meeting them!!!! woo!!!
5	We love seeing concerts at Comerica.  The sound is always clear and loud, without all that background static like you will hear at US Airways center.  Every seat is a good seat, but I prefer to sit in section four (center stage :).  The drinks are expensive, like any other venue out there, so we just get our drink on before we get to Comerica!
4	I've seen a quite a few shows here, both comics and musical acts. I'm happy with the venue and definitely prefer it to the stadiums or outdoor pavilions. I love the downtown location as it makes it easy to combine dinner and a show. I'm too cheap to buy drinks at a concert venue, so the location makes it easy to hit up a bar afterwards.As far as the basics go, the acoustics are fine, security isn't too dickish, and there's a decent amount of bathrooms. I haven't had any problems with the temperature in the venue as others have. The merch area could be better organized though. It always seems like a cluster.For concerts, I would recommend the GA tickets. They're usually cheaper than the orchestra seats, and it feels like a more initimate experience.
5	I liked this theater because it is not too huge or too small.  It's easy to navigate and is not overwhelming.  I didn't feel like a criminal going through security. It was fast and they were friendly.
3	This is a nice theater, and being my first time I tried to really be observant of everything. I saw Daniel Tosh and it was awesome, but my review is not about my attachment to the bizarre dark humor that borderline both insanity and sadism. The good The seating is just fine, and as far as I could tell the sound travels well in this huge stadium. It was fairly easy to go use the restrooms even when packed. The badI don't know what is up with the excess of personnel. There is way too many people working here on a night like this. I cannot understand why. And I really don't like when a drink costs $15. I realize that they have no shame robing people that already paid a decent amount to see a show, and they hit them up again once in. Ok, so from now on I will show up just when it starts.. and I will have enjoyed a few beverages before, so I don't have to resort to crazy prices. The awkwardAs this was my biggest comedy show ever, I wasn't sure how to dress.. but man do people dress up for a big comedy show. I was both surprised and impressed. Way to step it up Phoenix. Also, what has happened here in the past when you need this amount of law enforcement on the spot? But I would rather pay a general admission, at a lower price, to a place where the drinks were more reasonable and the seating isn't necessary numbered (alt. no seating at all).
4	Went here last night for a concert for the first time and was overly impressed. Compared to the outdoor venues or US Airways Center it is definitely more intimate and fan friendly. Beers were expensive but decent size and the location is just a few short blocks to City Scape. Combined dinner and a show, you can even light rail for those that are up for public transportation. Comerica Theater gets my vote for best concert venue in Phoenix.
3	Fantastic venue for concerts, I have been there for a lot for shows. However, make sure you watch the bartenders carefully. My card was charged 3 times for the same amount because "the credit card machine ran out of paper". I was not told about it, I had a hunch & immediately checked my account & saw 3 of the same charges. I was assured that the charges would be removed at the end of the night because it couldn't be removed right then (total lie!). It hasn't gone through yet. Someone needs to train these girls how to use the machine, it's not hard to press reprint!
5	I love this venue.  It's large enough for major acts, but it still feels so intimate.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  The access is easy and the location downtown is good.  I have seen lots of acts here, both music and comedy.  I even have had a chance to sit in the VIP box seats, which are really nice and have a bunch of free amenities.I will continue to see shows here time and again.
3	This is a decent venue to go see a show but it defiantly has it's ups and downs. The parking garage seems to be a mess every time I go there both arriving and departing seem to take about an hour each.  The restrooms are clean and I have never had to wait too long to use the ones upstairs unlike some other places that are torn to shreds like the Marquee. The lighting tech for the last show was horrible and I feel like I needed to wear sunglasses so I wasn't constantly beamed right in the eyes with a single bright light. I did feel squished like I was on a southwest flight and couldn't stretch at times in fear of being in my neighbors lap. Overall it's a decent venue and I am sure I will be to more shows there.
1	Saw the wonderful Dolly Parton here last night. Have seen quite a few concerts recently and was really excited to see Dolly.  She didn't disappoint me, however the theatre did !  The sound was deplorable !  How can a theatre host a concert with wonderful musicians and have crappy sound ?  The stage was a bigger let down ! half the seats in the house had a limited view of the stage. There was no stage jutting out into the audience, it was completely set back and half of the band and stage were an obstructed view for me. I overheard women in the restrooms complaining about the poor sound quality in the bathroom ! Ugh !
4	I recently had my first Comerica Theatre experience and it was a positive one...I attended the Fresh Beat Band concert with my husband and 2 year old son.  Haven't heard of them?  Well, The Fresh Beats are a four person band that has a TV show on Nick Jr.  Made up of Marina, Kiki, Twist, and Shout, these guys sure know how to rock it! I'm not sure who enjoyed the concert more, me or my son ;)We had a suite for the concert, which was awesome and I highly recommend going this route if you can a) afford to or b) have a connection that can.  We were able to pre-order food there, and they even had kid-friendly options such as mac & cheese and chicken nuggets.  The VIP area granted us a special entrance, access to the suite level bar and restrooms, and supposedly special VIP Garage Parking although we didn't realize that until we'd already parked.On the VIP level, there is also a swanky "Royal Room Lounge."  Think Deep purple and sponsored by Crown Royal!We don't attend a ton of shows since we aren't big fans of crowds, but now that I've experienced Comerica (which was formerly the Dodge Theatre), I'd definitely be more open to attending some of their shows in the future... whether general admission or VIP.  They have a great line-up with something coming that is sure to appeal to pretty much everyone!
2	Just returning from seeing "wait, wait, don't tell me" live radio show. The show was fantastic and once in our seats, the view was great (even in the nosebleeds) and acoustics were fantastic. But getting into the theater was more like wait, wait and then wait some more.  I was horrified at how completely unprepared they appeared to be to handle a sell out crowd. We initially waited in a line for will call that didn't move for 5-10 minutes at all. Then eventually started snail pacing along. Getting into the theater itself was a confusing cluster-mess of snaking lines leading every which way.  Once in the theater there was no one directing anyone anywhere. It was a mess. I was so unimpressed with the entrance, it is a good thing the actual show made up for the first impression. Not a venue I'm likely to return to anytime soon.
1	We had a terrible experience at the Comerica Theatre last night, and we definitely weren't the only ones. We were in the audience for a live taping of the radio show "Wait! Wait! Don't tell me!" and the echoes produced by the sound system were so terrible that it was difficult, and often impossible, to understand what was being said onstage.The very, very beginning of the show was fine. Then, suddenly, everything said onstage was repeated in a big, booming echo coming from the back of the theatre. We were on the extreme end of the auditorium, stage left, close to the stage, so when it wasn't resolved in a few minutes, I grabbed a security guard, who relayed the message to someone else. The sound got worse for a while, then back to it's original form of bad.People in our section began to get up and go to the lobby to complain. Halfway into the show we were still missing at least half of what was happening on stage, so my husband got up to find someone. When he returned, he said there were many people in the lobby complaining about the sound, mostly people sitting at the sides of the auditorium, like we were.We had really been looking forward to seeing our favorite radio show performed live, and my husband bought really good seats as a Christmas present to me. We are extremely unhappy about our experience. Another problem with the Comerica theatre was whatever happened to delay everyone's entrance into the building. My husband and I arrive just before showtime, expecting to rush in to our seats. We were surprised to find huge crowds waiting outside, with a massive line at Will Call, and no particular direction for the way we were supposed to enter. We had seen many shows at this facility when it was the Dodge Theatre, and I never remember anything like this. It wasn't so bad for us, because by the time we arrive people were finally getting in, but I know the crowd who were there earlier were very unhappy about having to cool their heels outdoors.I doubt that "Wait! Wait! Don't tell me!" will ever tape there again. The host apologized to the crowd for the late start because the people were just getting into the theatre (although it certainly wasn't HIS fault!) and he made some jokes about the bad acoustics, so he must have realized that some of us were struggling with them. It must have sounded terrible to him onstage. Oh, and they had a stage-monitoring problem too; when they brought up audience members, they couldn't hear things that were being said on another part of the stage!I left a message with the management, but I haven't heard anything back. We definitely will not return to the Comerica Theatre until we hear that they've fixed their sound problems.
2	I recently attended NPRs Wait Wait Don't Tell me and as much as I loved the show, I thought the sound was horrible. I've been at music events that were great so I'm hopeful it was an off-night. Disappointing.
5	I've had two wonderful experiences at Comerica Theatre. First to see the Moscow Ballet's "Russian Nutcracker" and most recently, Il Divo. Both times I was incredibly fortunate to sit in Live Nation box seats. The booth seats twelve, with an additional four seats with bar top level views. Additionally there are plush side chairs in the room. The space is perfect for a networking or special event.The perks that come with box seats are amazing. You zip past lines with parking and entering the theatre, with your own special entrance. Once inside there is a great VIP lounge to hang out and let off some steam. Live Nation provides fun props for picture taking fun. The bartenders up there are fantastic. Food and beverage service is available within the suite. (With a 20% built in fee, before gratuity.) However, you are welcome to visit the bar in the lounge. Be aware beverage service in the lounge stops after intermission. Additionally, there are two, (yes, two!) bathroom areas in the Live Nation VIP area. One on each end of the booths. Not just when you walk into the lounge. As Gabi noted, the swanky Crown Royal chair does exist! During my second visit it only came out after intermission. This is a popular photo spot!The sound quality is unbelievable. Earplugs were provided for Il Divo. I'm getting old, so this was a big plus for me! But in all seriousness, perhaps if you're coming for a serious headbanger of a night, it wouldn't hurt to bring some with you.ParkingVenu parking garage is on 4th Ave and Adams St. The Live Nation "line" is on the left side of the two lines. Or really, the non-existent line. (Note there are two elevators which fit 8-10 adults. If you can, plan to take the stairs, or leave the show early to avoid waiting on the line at the end of the show.)ADA AccessibilityThe Live Nation experience makes it incredibly easy to navigate. For my first visit I was on a knee scooter and crutches. I would have been fine with crutches. The distance from the lot to the theatre is only one block. The elevator is large, and readily fits ~30? adults with room to spare. (Wheelchairs included.) The box seats themselves only require a very gradual step down. Being treated like a VIP is ... really quite an experience. I highly recommend it!
5	Seen a bunch of bands here and never had a bad experience. Great sound, friendly staff and all round good veiws.
4	I like it. I love it. I want some more of it. I've now had two experiences here at Comerica Theatre. Both being great! We arrived via car service both times, so I can't comment on the parking. The theatre is nice. Both times I have had floor level seats about 4-8 rows from stage center. You can see without a problem and the sound and acoustics are amazing. There are screens all around for a closer view. The bartenders are good and bountiful. Not much, if any line, either time I have attended the shows I have seen here. The restrooms are kept clean, that is very important to me, in a place like this that has so many people; trust me, restrooms can get disgusting, fast. On that note, of restrooms, I have not ever stood in line here, either. I also like that no one is allowed to hang out in the concourse areas down to the floor level seats. It bugs me to have to go by people who are using that as their own personal dance hall during a concert when places allow that. Next time, we will try the suite levels. I've heard it's the way to go.
4	The theater was simple enough to find and so was the official event parking garage near it ($10). After the show, we noticed that people had parked at other garages or in Downtown Phoenix. There were several pedi-cabs ready to transport people to nearby destinations. Convenient if you're parking further away.The doors had not opened yet when we arrived, so we waited a short time in a line outside the venue. The line moved swiftly. Since Ticketmaster/LiveNation have an option to carry your tickets electronically (via Passbook on iPhones), I always select it for convenience. Which is why I thought it was odd that we had to wait in another line to have a different person scan our codes.The lobby area is small, so you certainly can't get lost. Concessions available as you walk in as well. The Club Level also has another smaller concession area.We sat in the Club Level and it was very comfortable. The theater is not very large, so I imagine that all seats have a decent view. We chose the front row of the Club Level and I enjoyed the view we had of the stage. I would have preferred to sit closer, but I liked the elevated area and I love not having people directly in front of me (if people want to stand, but I don't, etc).After the show ended, there was another exit option on the side of the building that made it very simple and quick to leave. It was all very smooth.
5	What a great concert experience! The concessions include local favorite Four Peaks Brewing and the staff from the door to your seat is knowledgeable and helpful. I'd compare Comerica to the Pearl inside the Palms in Las Vegas--only smaller and offering a better vantage point from every seat.
4	The Comerica Theater, located in downtown Phoenix, accommodates 5,000 guests and on the night I came for an Arctic Monkeys concert, it was filled to capacity. My sister and I sat in the third section of seats behind the pit. Surprisingly, we were able to see and hear the band play clearly despite being somewhat farther! There were no big screens that night to show close ups of the band but that didn't take away from the experience at all. One small complaint: My sister was refused service at one of the bar stations for having a vertical license card, despite the card clearly stating that she was years older than 21. I'm assuming the bartender didn't bother to look at the actual birth date because my sister was able to buy drinks at another bar station. Not sure if this is a Comerica Theater policy or just one employee's mistake.Overall, I really appreciated the venue's organization. My sister and I got into the place fairly quickly without any long waits. The show started on time and ran smoothly. I would definitely return the next time I'm in town!
2	This is why you find bands before they become big enough to fill Comerica! Went to see Arctic Monkeys (wtf, I didn't realize I listen to teenage music) and holy shit does this venue suck in comparison to so many other places I have been. Shitty sound, shitty space in between and in front of you and shitty layout. I should have opted for the pit and moshed it up with the kiddos. Wait, that didn't sound right. Anyways, avoid Comerica, try Marquee, Mesa Arts Center or Crescent Ballroom. I should have seen AM when they were here last time at the Marquee. Manchester Orchestra next at the Mesa Arts Center!
4	I visited Comerica Theater in downtown for an Arctic Monkeys concert. Entry into the concert venue was speedy and service was fine. One girl refused to sell me alcohol because of some kind of mess about my ID (which is real by the way. I've been over 21 for awhile now thankyouverymuch). But I visited another bartender who sold me drinks without issues. Overall, clean venue, good acoustics, and great views from any area of the theater. This made for a wonderful concert experience!
4	Attended the Slayer concert here a few days ago and generally speaking I was very pleased with this theater. It is in a convenient location and is overall a very nice facility. The sound was very good. The seats were comfortable and the sightlines were very good as well. The only reason I knocked off a star is because (at least for the concert I attended), the stage lights were way too much. They had the strongest strobe lights I have ever seen constantly flashing in your face. It felt like an assault on your eyes and not in a good way. I am honestly surprised that there were no epileptic seizures in the crowd. My advice to the light guy: scale it back a bit. You can have a successful light show without the constant flashing of high wattage lights at the audience.
5	Perfect venue to see performing arts. Acoustics were great, and our view from seats was fantastic. Been here a few times for concerts but watching Moscow Ballet perform "Russian Nutcracker" and was mesmerized. Staff that work here are always helpful. Location is easy to get to, and parking wasn't too bad. Great location in downtown Phoenix.
3	I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place back when it was Dodge Theater but I don't see it here so oh well. My husband and I went to see a Christmas concert here of The Piano Guys recently and that was the first time I've been here in a couple years. First off, I was shocked to see a line of people that extended down a full city block and then wrapped around and doubled back almost the whole way down the street. There were no dividers or ropes or any staff providing direction so everyone was confused as to where the line started and ended and I saw a ton of people "taking cuts". It seems like they could come up with a better system for getting people in the door. Fortunately it moved pretty quickly so we still made it to our seats before the show started.My biggest complaints about this place are that there are not enough restroom facilities and also that the drink prices are outrageous. I know, I know, you could say the same about almost any other concert venue in the valley but that is no excuse. As others have mentioned the seats are a little on the small side but not too uncomfortable. I do wish there was more leg room, mainly because once people are seated there is absolutely no room left for walking if you have a seat near the middle of a row. I will say that the acoustics are great and the lighting and effects at the shows I have seen were wonderful. I also like that it is small enough that even the seats in the back can still see but I do wish that they had not put seats on the bottom sides where the edges of the stage block your view. They do warn you when you buy the tickets that it is an obstructed view but really you can not see hardly anything. They should have just used that space for more bathrooms instead of seats that are basically worthless.
