5	Friendly and attentative staff.  The facility is clean and the work stations were clean too. I got the rockstar nails. Definitely would recommend it to anyone that likes glittery nails. It has lasted me for two weeks. The coat itself looks like it would last me longer but my nails grew out.
4	i was luckily treated to a pediicure today from an old friend who loves this place. we were walk in's and they said it would be a little wait. we picked out our colors and the manager set up to chairs for us to soak our feet in while we waited. i was a little disappointed with the lukewarm water my feet were sitting in but didn't complain. about 5 minutes of soaking and 2 girls came to my friends and i chair. we did the basic pedi which was 28 dollars. i thought their prices were a bit high. it was 15 for a basic manicure. the girls that did my friend and i were extremely friendly and funny. i also didn't get cut here as i did at polished which was a major plus. it only took about 30 minutes for everything and my feet look nice, clean, and polished. i would maybe come back if i was in the area but i wasn't too fond of the prices. toes look great though.
5	Ok so you read the reviews and people might say this place is a little "Costly" What are we talking $5.00 more...... & worth every dollar!! I get the Gel manicure & Pedicure every 2-3 weeks. It lasts and looks beautiful. (I posted the pics of my toes & nails) The staff is friendly, the place is clean, and what I like most is the owners Jimmy & Linda are always on hand and super nice!! I will never go to another nail salon in Vegas! Hands down Pink Nails is the best!!!
1	I went here for the first time, and I got there at a busy time and was told it would be about a 20 min wait well it turned out to be about a 30 min wait, let me just say it was worth the wait. I enjoyed chatting with the nail tech and he did a very good job he was not rushed at all. The business was clean and decorated very cute and all the employees were happy, cheerful and very friendly.  Think I'll go back today for a pedicure.I went back for that pedicure and well me just say, that won't happen again. The worst one I have ever had!
5	Love them.  Staff is wonderful.  My nails look great.  I had an appointment so there was not wait.  I will be going back.
5	Love this place. The staff is fantastic and the quality is amazing. I refuse to go anywhere else for my nails and feet!
3	I had got gel nails done when I went to San Diego and loved how long they lasted so I wanted to get some more.  I found this place up near my house and figured they had some good reviews and some cool pictures of nails on their facebook.I just walked in and only had to wait 5 minutes.  They had a lot of people in there working which to me meant they are busy a lot and must do a good job.  The woman that worked on me was very friendly and chatted it up with me and cracked jokes.  Very different from other experiences at nail salons so I enjoyed that.  The gel nails were done good, even got some art work on them.  She did a very good job at that.  I did notice the nails cracking a lot earlier than when I had them done down in San Diego.  They didn't look at nice the longer they were on.One thing I did not like was the place looked a little dirty.  There seemed to be stuff on the walls, floors, nail tech tables, etc...  I understand if they are busy but shouldn't someone be taking care of that?I would check this place out again to get more gels and hopefully its a little cleaner.
4	I am so surprised there are low reviews here..I love Pink Nails .I have only gotten regular pedicures here and they have been great, lasted a long time and I have been happy with the service.  I love it here because all of the technicians are friendly, speak English and have a great sense of humor.  In addition, there are Ipads on the chairs, how awesome is that!I have never had a wait more then 5 minutes, the products they use are great, the place is clean and the prices are decent.  My sister has gotten the gel pedicures, and the rockstar gel pedicure.  She has been happy with both.I will keep coming back.
1	72 dollars for a pedicure! You should maybe let your clients know it will be 40 dollars more just for glitter toes! The icecream pedi is weak! It wasn't even a good pedicure! My feet are not even soft! What a waste! Happy birthday to me!
2	$40 bucks for pretty much a BASIC pedicure which they called there "deluxe". Girl seemed rushed barley any massage and mask for your feet and legs stayed on my a minute before she wiped it off. I was done with the pedi in 25min... I wont go back wasn't worth it.
5	Very rarely have I had to wait for more that 10 minutes before getting my Pedi. I LOVE, absolutely LOVE the Rock Star Pedi. It lasts forever. The staff is good and very friendly!
5	This place is the tits of all nail salons, in Vegas just saying girls. I took my 2 sisters here for the first time and wanted to make it special. The people here are lovely polite and do a great job the added touches with the ipad is an added bonus. RECOMMEND for sure.
5	My 5Stars goes to the employee there named Ben. This guy is very skilled in his job. He helped me get an ingrown toe nail out. He has great conversation about politics, military and government.The salon is like other nail salons. Plus side to this salon is they have iPads on each chair for the guest to use while getting pedicures done. Cool!The services offered are pretty overpriced compare to other salons. $40 deluxe pedicure and my feet still felt dry.I only use Opi nail polish because it last a long time vs the other cheap color brands they have displayed.Overall it's worth the drive in your in the area.
4	I went here for the first time this weekend for a gel manicure and my experience was great. I had my nails done by Konnie and she was super friendly and she has a sense of humor which is refreshing. The other people who work in the salon are just as friendly whether you are their client or not. The atmosphere was really welcoming.I had an appointment and although I was 10 minutes early, they still apologized for having me wait. I was not in a rush so I didn't mind at all. If they run slightly behind on appointments it is probably because they are taking the time to do things right. I thought the pricing for my gel manicure was on par with other nail salons in the area but the quality of work is much better. They clearly put effort and money toward their salon which shows with the iPads on each of the pedicure stations and the UV lamps built into their manicure stations (so you don't have to get up or move each time a layer of gel nail polish is put on your nails. Also, if you pay in cash they give you a $1 chip (similar to a casino chip) for each $20 that you spend to use on a future service. That's pretty great customer service if you ask me!I will most definitely be back here again.
2	I.enjoyed the experience at this place, and was determined to go back but after 3 days my "rockstar gel" nails started lifting, and a week after I had them done they all peeled off.  The people and service were great, but I probably won't return.
2	So I went here for my first ever pedicure and let me tell you, I'm deeply surprised the low-quality work the lady did. Everyone was very friendly and the place looks to be clean,but when I got home my feet cracked and now bleeding. And under my nails, still dirty. I have to finish giving my own pedicure after getting the deluxe package. I felt like she was rushed, and should've spent a lot more time for the $40 they charge for the package. I wouldn't necessarily have bad things to say about this place, but I'll never go there again.
5	My first time getting my nails done here and I loved it. The woman named Jen did a fabulous job and worked with me until I figured out what I wanted. She was meticulous and very friendly.
5	Love this nail salon! All the workers spoke ONLY English and were very funny.  They had a really great atmosphere and the shop was very decorative. My nails look great and lasted from 2-3 weeks. I will definitely make this my nail salon.
1	Beware!!!! This place is a disaster!!!! I have NEVER rated ANYTHING a 1 star before in my life! Worst nail experience in my life! I can't stress how bad of a job Holly( the nail tech) did on my hand. I went in for a full set with my best friend that was visiting town and I did some research and found this " adorable" little nail salon. I usually go to the nail bar in henderson because they do amazing 3d nails and designs by hand but they were booked for the weekend so I called Pink nails and asked if they do 3d nails and the receptionist said they can do anything I can bring a picture of off of google. I was extremely excited and looked online and found a cute picture or polka dots and stripes and was looking forward to my appointment and to show off vegas a little bit to my friend. We walked in and I showed Holly the picture of what I wanted and she immediately said she refused to do it. Her manager came over and told her just to do it. I sat down and she glued the nails on without doing my cuticles and made my fingers bleed. I kept my patience until it was time for her to paint them and she once again was being a HUGE B**** and refused to do polka dots. She said she will do glitter instead. Again I kept my patience and said " okay at this point I don't care what you do" she painted a layer of regular nail polish and claimed that it was Gel, but it clearly stated that it was not. I wanted to see how many lies she would continue to tell me before I spoke up. After she painted my nails with glitter she took the file and filed down my cuticle area causing it to look like I needed a fill!!!! At this point I spoke up and had enough! She was giving me a very bad attitude and in the end I paid $70 and my blood is still boiling! 4 days later ( today) I went and paid the Nail Bar in henderson to fix their mistake and ended up paying another $60. They couldn't believe someone could charge me so much for the crappy job they did. P.s- they confirmed that the polish that Holly said was Gel... WAS NOT GEL!!! Don't let them scam you!!
3	This place was very hip, almost like they market to the younger crowd. Staff was friendly but a little inappropriate at times. It was a little pricey for my liking, wouldn't be opposed to returning but not my favorite gel polish job.
1	Not a big fan of this place...they don't even have glitter polish for regular manicures for me and my daughter...the girl at the front said she looked everywhere  for it and then said I could bring my own!!! What...if I did that I would just do it all myself and save money...also my daughter is very shy and quiet and didn't let them know they burned her with the hot towels.....they were not very friendly either...
5	Check out their website. It's great. The shop is fantastic as well. They have partnered with Breast cancer awareness programs to help raise awareness as well as money for this very important and relevant issue. No other shop can match Pink Nails' ability to give the best Rockstar experience. You get what you pay for and that means the best. Pay cash to receive $$$ off of your next appointment. :-)
4	been here twice and i can't really complainwhat i got:- mani $15: very meticulous, which i like- pedi: typical pedi, not any remarkable from what i can get elsewherepros:- chic and cute little shop. very girly and adorable- friendly service - majority of the workers speak english - they can do designs! my friend showed them a picture of what she wanted and they were able to do it- decent amount of gel nail colorscons:- both times i went they were busy. best to make an appointment! - on the pricier side, BUT i can see why. it's nicer than the typical nail placewould i come again? sure, if i was in the area
2	I went here for a mani and pedi and did not have a good experience. First the guy didn't listen to me and put gels on my toes after I told him I didn't want gels. (BTW they didn't take it off the bill) then I got my manicure and looked at it later and it was the WORST manicure I've ever gotten. I had to go back to get it fixed (only reason they got a 2) and the girl was so rough when she was taking off the old polish that she ripped my cuticle and now I have to wear a bandaid on two of my fingers. Never going back and I don't recommend this place.
1	Poor service.. If I call to make an appointment and you tell me that would be ok, and I confirm with you multiple times I would expect to have a appointment. I walk in just for you to tell me it's going to be at least a 45 minute wait and theres 6 people ahead of me ...why wasn't I informed of this on the phone????? Why tell me it's best to make a appointment then???Poor customer service! I understand your a busy nail shop, but I don't appreciate driving clear across town for awful customer service.
3	Friendly & funny staff !  My nails kinda looked like chicklets ( too wide), which I now notice that seems to be the way all the techs like to do them.  Not sure if I'll be back.
5	The gentleman who serviced me for a pedicure was very friendly and attentive. It has been well needed and deserved. Gave me an awesome foot and leg massage! Very pretty atmosphere. I liked the pink ipads at every pedicure station. The receptionist greeted me right away unlike a place I had walked out of (Orchard Nails) 20 minutes prior for staring at me and not greeting me. It was Valentine's Day Eve so it was busy but I will return!
5	Wow. This was one of the most pleasant visits to a nail salon I have ever had. I normally don't go to get my nails done, but, I WILL be coming back.  I got a regular pedicure. Found the price pretty decent, so I went and did it. The people working here were very welcoming and made sure I was comfortable. The man doing my toes was very gentle. The place was pretty crowded, but they managed to get me in within 10 minutes or less. I had no reservation, so I was pretty impressed. I am very glad I decided to come here today instead of sitting on the couch. I will be back really soon! :)The people who helped me:Lenny,Ben, and Maggie
4	Came here at the recommendation of my cousin. I was able to call after work and get a last minute appointment. I chose to have the deluxe pedicure, which was pretty awesome, my only complaint on that though is the got towels they put on your feet are extremely hot at first, I almost had to kick them off. Burn baby burn! My nails. Oh my nails. The first time I've gone somewhere and they've done EXACTLY what I've asked, I had a pic of what I wanted and they were able to mimic it spot on. I couldn't be happier with how my nails turned out. And seeing how I was the last person in there before they closed I didn't feel like they were rushing me or irritated with me. Good customer service from all employees I encountered. I have to take away one star though because I feel they extremely expensive.  However I do feel like I got my money's worth for the quality and customer service. Love love love. I will be back here to empty my wallet :)
2	Honestly, the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because I overheard a guy that worked there give a military woman her services for free. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in services here. The water for my pedicure was cold, I felt rushed, and was not satisfied with the 80 dollar pedicure I paid for. After my pedicure I was placed with another tech who gave me the worst acrylic nails I've had in my life. I had to go home, file, scrub and try to even out of nails after the hack job she did. I spent 120 dollars on something I could have done for 10 dollars at home, Avoid this place!!!!!!
1	Beware!!!! This place is a disaster!!!! I have NEVER rated ANYTHING a 1 star before in my life! Worst nail experience in my life! I can't stress how bad of a job Holly( the nail tech) did on my hand. I went in for a full set with my best friend that was visiting town and I did some research and found this " adorable" little nail salon. I usually go to the nail bar in henderson because they do amazing 3d nails and designs by hand but they were booked for the weekend so I called Pink nails and asked if they do 3d nails and the receptionist said they can do anything I can bring a picture of off of google. I was extremely excited and looked online and found a cute picture or polka dots and stripes and was looking forward to my appointment and to show off vegas a little bit to my friend. We walked in and I showed Holly the picture of what I wanted and she immediately said she refused to do it. Her manager came over and told her just to do it. I sat down and she glued the nails on without doing my cuticles and made my fingers bleed. I kept my patience until it was time for her to paint them and she once again was being a HUGE B**** and refused to do polka dots. She said she will do glitter instead. Again I kept my patience and said " okay at this point I don't care what you do" she painted a layer of regular nail polish and claimed that it was Gel, but it clearly stated that it was not. I wanted to see how many lies she would continue to tell me before I spoke up. After she painted my nails with glitter she took the file and filed down my cuticle area causing it to look like I needed a fill!!!! At this point I spoke up and had enough! She was giving me a very bad attitude and in the end I paid $70 and my blood is still boiling! 4 days later ( today) I went and paid the Nail Bar in henderson to fix their mistake and ended up paying another $60. They couldn't believe someone could charge me so much for the crappy job they did. P.s- they confirmed that the polish that Holly said was Gel... WAS NOT GEL!!! Don't let them scam you!
2	I have been here a few times and I felt like I was in The Plastics (reference to Mean Girls) of nail salons. I don't know how they get the Best of Vegas award each year. They're over-priced and the manicures I've gotten we're mediocre at best. They seemed to only pay attention to their regulars who look like soccer moms with their husbands' checkbooks. Very disappointing.
5	Excellent!!!! Have recommended them to many and all feel the same as I do. EXCELLENT!!!!!!!
5	Love this place! Attention to detail and fabulous service no matter how busy the place is. Even when it is packed, they accommodate walk-ins relatively quickly. All the nail techs have great personalities so it is a fun environment to be for an hour or so of your day. Plus all the pedi chairs have iPads.
1	Worst experience at a nail salon. They kept changing their prices on me. I went in and showed them a picture of exactly what I wanted and they said okay that will be $38. He then said I was done, when the nails were only half way done, and Incised that if I wanted them finished it would be an additional $20 to finish them. When I said I was told it would be $38 for everything the owner was very sarcastic and rude and said that it would be another $20 or to get out. When I said I was told differently and my nails aren't done and all I want is for them to finish what they said they were going to do he called the cops and told them to remove me because I was unhappy with my service, he then threatened me and told me he would come into my work and harass me. Long story short they got $40 from me with half finished nails. Stay clear of this business!
4	Rockstar pedicures are amazingly done. I've never had a pedicure look so good and last so long. The price is a bit steep but so worth every penny. Lily is wonderful and speaks perfect English :)
1	My friend and I needed our nails done, and she had been here before and convinced me to try it out. She said they were usually very busy so we decided to make an appointment a couple days prior to when we needed them done. I just moved back from another city where I used to get my nails done, and called the salon the day of my appointment (even mentioning that I had an appointment later that evening) to make sure they were able to give me a fill for my current nails. I could tell they were extremely busy (it took me a few tries of calling them to finally get through), but the girl was sweet and did her best to help me. You could tell she was not a nail tech, because she had to ask someone every time I asked a question about the different services they offered. By the end of the conversation, she told me that they would be able to fill my nails and she'll see me tonight.Fast forward to when my friend and I arrive: the girl at the front asks if we have appointments (all the chairs are already full with walk-in's waiting for their turn), I tell her yes at 6pm. She looks in the book and we're not in there!! She did the right thing and said she would push us to the front of the wait, because that's not our fault someone forgot to write us in. Then when I sit down to get my nails filled, the tech tells me that the only way to get my nails off is to take them off by hand (aka dig under the gel and rip them off) and that my nails will be jagged and won't look good getting polish put on over it. Seriously? I've been getting my nails done for 10 years and know that there are better ways to take gels off than "yanking them off." In fact, I've never heard of anyone getting their gels "yanked off." My friend immediately interjected and said we should leave, and I couldn't have agreed more.Gave the place a star because the front desk girl did try to make up for the mistake, and the place was very cutely decorated, clean, and busy (which means people must like them). Went to Sun City Nails instead, and my friend and I had a FABULOUS time :]
5	I love Pink Nails! No one does glitter gel better than here. My favorite place to get a Rock Star Manicure. They have iPads to use while you get a pedi too. Everyone here is hilarious and friendly. The service is great. Highly recommend.
1	So... I have been going to this nail salon on & off for three years, and faithfully every two weeks for the last year which makes 4 years.  This is all thanks to my favorite nail tech Thao who does wonderful, creative and professional work.  My nails (for now) are all over their Instagram page-- we made beautiful music together!  This has all been IN SPITE of Jimmy, the proprietor who also works on nails.  He is rude, pompous and generally all around unprofessional by my observation.  Today (Friday) I arrived at the salon at 2:30 pm for a mani/pedi.  I walked in ahead of, and signed in before three other people, and we were all seated at the same time.  One of those ladies was seated right next to me.  The service was going as usual, with one of the nail techs getting my water started and soaking my gel nails for removal.  THIRTY MINUTES LATER, I am still sitting with my toes wrapped in foil, soaking in PURE ACETONE.  The tech that started working on removing my gels, which should take about 10 minutes max, had been moved off of me to start working on the woman that came in behind me.  This woman was now more than half way through her pedi at this point.  Nobody has said a WORD to me this whole time.  Having had enough of this stuff sitting on my feet, I reached down to inspect my toes, which were now shriveled and white.  The tech working on a person beside me took notice, and I told her that it had now been 30 minutes that I had been soaking.  JIMMY the proprietor who was SITTING DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF ME, speaks to her in Vietnamese, and she answers.  Jimmy then calls to the young woman who mans the front desk and says, "She wants to leave-- take her foil off and seat [name unheard] in four."  I was sitting in the 4th chair from the back.  He never ONCE addressed me.  Now, he is usually rude, and I'm not sure why the owner behaves this way, as I have stated before that I have spent LOTS of money here over the past year without incident.  I have a great relationship with my regular nail tech.  I just got up out of the chair and walked out NEVER TO RETURN AGAIN.  A gel mani with nail art usually runs me around $40 there, every two weeks.  A Rockstar pedi is $55.  This is not the way you treat the people who live in the neighborhood, patronize your establishment and overlook the mediocre surroundings and pricey services for their favorite tech.  There are plenty of other nail salons.  Do better, Jimmy.  It's called customer service.
5	This is by far the best mani/pedi place in Las Vegas... they are so friendly have a great atmosphere and make it a truly amazing experience. ..from iPad s in the chairs to ice cream and singing on your birthday. ..they have wonderful specialty products like the me! And Hempz products I just love the experience! !! Try the ice cream pedicure or the hot chocolate one in the winter... and for something special look at all there amazing rock star colors...I love glitter nails....
4	Took my daughter in law for her birthday pedicure and we tried this place,  1st time visiting very close to the house here in Vegas.  Mike did my pedi and Stefani had another gentleman,  they were both very nice.  The place is beautiful and clean.  The only bad thing is every chair has a ipad but there's not much on them,  no music not able to download Netflix or any free games to play.  Mine kept closing the Interest app just as I found something to read,  that was the only bummer.  Will be back but will put my tablet in the holder so I can watch my Netflix. We both recommend this Salon.
4	I've been looking for a decent nail salon near me for a while, as I am new to the area. I tried a few other places, but we very upset but how quickly the paint chipped or the service. This was not the case with Pink Nails. The service was prompt and friendly, everyone in the salon appeared to be very happy and hard working. Ryan did my nails and he was very sweet, gentle, and understanding of how indecisive I was with which nail colors I wanted hah. I just got a gel manicure and my nails turned out beautifully. I would recommend to anyone. I would say the only downside is the price. I ended up paying 40 for a gel manicure, which I am used to paying much less for. However the service and experience was very good so no complaints.
3	I mean, it honestly is not worth the hype. Just a typical nail salon, just overpriced. It's cute inside but super packed, feel super rushed, and want your money. That's it. Gel acrylic is about 50 bucks, so I would really go again.. But was a good first time :)
1	Same price as everywhere else, only this place needs to work on customer service.  Was seen right away.  I told the nail tech if she can do some art design from a picture, she immediately said "yes."  I then showed her the design and again I asked "are you sure this is not too difficult."  She insisted it was easy for her, but I would have to upgrade and get the rock star package that had glitter.  (Mind you I don't like glitter.)Mistakes...1) Nail tech was too busy talking to her coworker that she didn't realize she was brushing the same area of my foot that doesn't have callous for an extensive period of time.  I even interrupted her conversation to say "please stop rubbing it because its hurting."  She insisted that it tickles and rubbed even harder that i had to take my foot off her bench area and said, "it really hurts."2)  The design on my toes were glitter and the art work was a mess.  She kept making mistakes and redoing it.  Then she changed the design to accommodate her and nowhere close to the picture.3)  Next was the manicure, she again said she can do a better design on my nails like the picture I showed her and would charge me $20 extra on top of the rock star package.  She once again messed up so bad and took way too long from making her mistakes.  4)  Because of the amount of time she made of mistakes, I didn't even get a hand massage.  She put a line of lotion and asked me to rub my own arms.  I asked for a towel and I wanted to leave.  She knew I wasn't happy with her job and I asked to see her manager.  She was avoiding my request for manager, and as soon as my card was charged she bolted and left toward the back.5)  Complained to the manager, showed what I had originally wanted.  Then told me what I was asking was stenciling...yeah right.  If that was the case why did the nail tech lie?  He offered a gift card for $20 (which was for the art work) and asked me to return to fix my nails.6)  I returned at a later date. Manager then changed his story and said he would charge me again for the whole mani/pedi with gel.  I insisted no, because I never wanted the glitter and the design she left was terrible.  The manager then asked to return the coupon and that I have to choose a design that his basic nail tech can do.  *7) A new nail tech was assigned to me.  He did a good job.  Not Grade A, but I walked out very happy, no glitter and I chose the design I wanted.  Even gave him (nail tech) a tip.  Hence the one star.  Thank you.
1	I don't know how to start this so here it is. Plain and simple. I came here to relax and get a pedicure. Got right in which surprised me since it was pretty busy. I get it, my feet were pretty bad. They used the callous remover and ended up removing part of my heel. At first I just thought he may have scuffed it but by the time I got home it was starting to ache & feel bruised. Checking it out I noticed they took a couple of chunks off of my heel. I don't know if any one has ever experienced something like this but it's a day later and my foot literally aches and it hurts to put any kind of pressure on my heel. I know it seems silly that I didn't know this before I left the facility,  I mean, how could I not know right?! Ugh. Paid in cash so no receipt but just because they can do nice little designs on your nails doesn't mean that they are good.
5	Another great experience as usual. Did not even have my usual nail tech, but of course they really are all great and do good work. Today I had a gel mani and a deluxe pedi. Nails looking great and skin feeling soft. Thank you, Pink Nails!
5	Took my daughter who was very happy with her manicure and eyebrow waxing.  I waited in a brand new massage chair while I got a pedicure.  Very happy.  Really nice people.
1	Worst experience! Guy who did my nails was VERY RUDE.  Polish all over my fingers and under nails still dirty. Color selection is sparse at best. No glitter! I am going back tomorrow and ask for a do over. Beware!!UPDATEWent back today and was treated like I was scum. Don't worry I will take my money to people who WANT my business and have good customer service! Wish I could do 0 stars!
1	Don't believe the hype. I have been here several times and have been treated with some scorn. Don't judge me because I'm dressed sloppily with no makeup, I get my nails done on my day off. The place is crammed with soccer moms with babies in tow all getting their rock star gels and sipping Starbucks. I'm pretty much the misfit. Guess I don't deserve the same attention. Helpful hint, Pink: don't judge.  I can afford to go anywhere I want, even if I don't look like that to you. Anyway, they charge extra for almond-shape and stilettos because "we have to shape them." What??? You don't need to shape square or ovals?? After three days, my tips started falling off one by one, and they charged me $3.00 to fix each one and blamed me. No way. I have never, ever had an acrylic set this bad. With so many choices in the area, why would anyone settle for rudeness and shoddy overpriced work?
5	Awesome service and I always leave feeling like a new woman....amazing what a great mani/pedi can do!! Li is the best. I am very hard to please and she does a great job every time :)
5	I have been going here for about 5 years. They do a great job and are always polite. They are always very busy so an appointment is recommended.
5	The store is super cute, and everyone is always nice and friendly. People have bad days as well, so I don't think it's fair to give such a bad review because someone might've said something that upset you--those things happen. Anyways, my french gel mani was great :) The girl was very nice and thorough with the mani.
4	Just got a rockstar gel fill from Anna! She did an amazing job and was super nice! I'll definitely be back!!
1	I went because of the reviews.   I left to save my brain cells.  As soon as I walked in the door I got a headache from the heavy oder of chemicals.   I have no idea how people can stand it.  I have never smelled a salon that toxic in my life!
5	My first time here and I couldn't be happier! I needed a new set and had a pic on my phone for a design for the Christmas season. My nail tech said her name was "B" and she did a terrific job at making my nails beautiful! I tend to be picky being a casino dealer I need my hands to look good and B nailed it! The shop I went to previously charged over 40 bucks for the same service and pink nails was under that. BONUS! I will definitely be going back!  And to comment on the chemical smell as earlier noted in another review, I didn't have that experience, in fact each station had a light station with a built in fan and powder/fume vacuum!  Very cool and helps both the tech and customer!
3	This salon is fair.  They have always been able to get me in VERY Quickly no matter how packed it is (elbow to elbow at times).  I have gotten my nails done here a few times but it seems that they are more about how many bodies than total quality of work.  Also - the product seems to yellow/dull after a week.  (I have pink and white acrylics)
2	I've been here a couple times and it's like a hit or miss for a good experience. First time wasn't too bad but my manicure chipped within a day. Second time I just got a pedi and it was decent and then this last time was horrible!! They don't sterling their equipment!! I watched her rinse off her tools in the sink, dried them and then stuck them in a plastic bag and sealed it to make them look like new and put them back.. Disgusting. So when I got my manicure she asked me to wash my hands so I did.. She had a towel at the station so I thought she would just dry my finger nails and I've been to a place that's done that before.. Well she yelled at me and asked me if I even used soap?! Seriously?! That pissed me off. She didn't even say hi to me when I first got there and didn't talk. The only time she said something was to insult me. I won't be going back. The only reason why they are getting two stars is because at least my nails look good.
