1	After some people had mentioned that they liked this place, my wife and I decided to go and test, yet again, another Peruvian restaurant.  We ordered 3 different meals, lomo a caballo, arroz con mariscos, and pollo a la brasa.  The lomo a caballo would have been pretty good, but the sauce they had was sweet, which I didn't like at all.  The arroz con mariscos was bland, hardly any flavor.  The pollo a la brasa was far from the real deal, being dry and unflavorful.  we did get a free soup with our meal, which was the best thing we tasted there.  The sodas tasted like there was dish soap in them, and were not refilled until I finally had to ask.  We also had to ask for the sauces for the pollo a la brasa.  The aji that was served with the bread was pretty decent, but not enough to save the rest of the meal.  Overall, it was too pricey for the service and the quality of the food.  Sadly, we haven't been able to find a Peruvian restaurant that we like in AZ, and this one was probably the worst one we've tried.Wow! It's a good thing you can edit these reviews.  A lot has happened since I made this review, which the last time I checked is an opinion of what I think.  The owner of this restaurant, upon reading my review, posted it on "Peruanos en Arizona," a group on Facebook.  He mentioned my full name in the review, opening it up to his "friends" to personally attack me.  He also said that that I went in to his restaurant complaining of the decoration of his restaurant. (which I didn't).   My wife made some comments, defending our opinion, and then he scanned our yelp coupon (which has my full name on it,) and order sheet that was made when we paid, and posted it on the same page as a picture, claiming that he was right about me making comments about the decoration. (which is not shown in the picture.) He claims to be a professional, but is far from it.  I had nothing against him personally, until now, but in one of his comments he says that there is no possible way that so many things can be wrong with his food unless I have something personal against him.  I don't think I need drive to a place and pay for a meal to make a review on someone who I personally don't like. He also posted the same review on his personal facebook page, to which his "friends" responded things like, "poor gringo, he only knows what frozen hamburgers and hot dogs taste like" and "He doesn't have the smallest idea of what real Peruvian Food is, he probably hasn't even been there," "with a last name like that, what does he know," "He's one of 'those' customers", "I hope the seafood got him sick,"  words like jealous, ignorant... things like that.  Now if I didn't know any better, I would think that a gringo's opinion doesn't matter when it comes to real Peruvian food, too.  However, I HAVE been to Peru, I DO know what good Peruvian food is supposed to taste like, and my wife, who is actually FROM Peru was equally disappointed with the food, and service.  Her mother cooks 50 times better than this guy, and we both know that what we ate doesn't compare to what real Peruvian food is supposed to be.  So, instead of taking this as constructive criticism, the owner has taken it as a personal attack against him, and has to look for validation from other people who surround him.  We probably would have been back there again, because my wife's family would have wanted to try the "new Peruvian restaurant" which has happened before with others, but now no one that we can tell to about our experience will ever go there.  There are also many many many other sites to review a restaurant, not just Yelp.  I'll make sure to put this same review on other sites, too.  That will also give me time to think up other things that I didn't like that I didn't mention on my original review.  Like how this "professional" was negotiating delivery prices with a meat driver right in front of the guests.  When I made this review, Yelp posted it on my facebook page, but I took it down because it was negative, but I will be sure to post it now.  I don't know if what this guy did was legal, but I'll find out soon enough.  I just hope he doesn't put my Debit Card number up on facebook.  So, if you're going to give this place a negative review, watch out!  You'll be personally attacked for your OPINION, and be lied about and be told you don't know what you're talking about.  He has since taken down all his posts, but I saved all the screenshots if anyone is interested.
3	Before you tell me to get off my high horse, let me tell you that Peruvian food is the first cuisine I ever learned to eat, smell, see, cook and enjoy. After 24 years of growing up with this food, I think i've *earned* the right to be judge-y about a Peruvian restaurant in the US. I want the flavors to be on point, the ingredients to be correct (aka no substitutes) and everything else you would want out of a good dining experience- service, ambiance and great options. And for the love of god, I want people to stop thinking that our food is like Mexican food. Seriously, its insulting.That being said, a quick note to Harold M on this experience here: Dude, i'm so sorry that happened to you. I've seen similar stories in Atlanta (see and be horrified: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/01/10/atlanta-boners-bbq-twitter-facebook-yelp_n_1196857.html) and you have every right to review this place based on your experience before and after this occurrence. Its distasteful and extremely childish.Harold's experience aside, I have to rate this place based on my own experience and completely ignore his experience as reasoning for a good/bad review. Imma put my amnesia on, pretend I never read this stuff and tell you how I saw it, as bluntly and painfully honest as I can... like every review I write. Oh yeah, its gonna be a long one too, you've been warned.Since the Groupon came out, Tumi has been exploding with people (aka all their 8 tables are full) and since this is a family-owned venue, they seem to be struggling with serving at "high capacity". Understandably so, yet still annoying, the service was painfully slow, so our dining experience took about 1.5 hours instead of maybe 45mins (or less) elsewhere. At the end of the night (8pm) they had already run out of papa rellena, anticuchos, all the pollo a la brasa (rotisserie chicken) and some other apps. A great problem to have, so kudos to them for being at high demand.The chica morada I ordered was definitely home-made (trust me I really appreciate this) but a little heavy on the cinnamon and a little light on the pineapple. The cancha tostada (corn) was served cold (big no-no), unsalted and I don't know why it was served with dipping sauces (?). We ordered lomo saltado, saltado Tumi, aguadito de pollo and Tallarin saltado.Aguadito de pollo is by far my favorite dish on this planet and it took me several years to correctly replicate and perfect it. The one here was not a bad version of the original- my only faulty points would be that the cilantro wasn't fully ground (lots of leafs hanging around there), there wasn't enough Aji flavors and the spiciness was lacking. However, i'm being awfully picky. My friends enjoyed their saltado dishes so I can't quite comment on those. The Tallarin Saltado was also nicely done- The lomo flavor was on point and the onions and tomatoes were also cooked perfectly. The noodles were A-OK, maybe they can experiment with a different type of spaghetti for a better texture.Finally, the prices were definitely steep for Peruvian food at a family owned restaurant with their portions. I'm not comparing it to Peru prices, lets be realistic here, but everything seemed $2-3 more than what I think it should be, or believed that it deserved. The decoration was like every other Peruvian restaurant in the US, so i'm not bothered by it. The TV showing Risas the America was not my favorite since their skits are offensive as hell and I can't imagine foreigners (aka non Peruvians) understanding or enjoying this crap. Change the channel please. THE SUMMARY: 4 stars for food. -1 for slow service. So. picky? Yes. Too-detailed? Yes. Unbiased? Yes. Bitchy? Very likely, but I calls it how I sees it. Trust me, no one wants  local restaurant to succeed more than me, but sugar coating everything isn't going to help anyone. Come and try the food for yourself. I am 100% sure you will enjoy the food, but I can't guarantee you'll food-gasm over it. Fair enough?
3	Went to this place because of the groupon that was out.  This is a little peruvian restaurant in chandler, located in a strip mall.  We were looking for a really nice date night spot however Tumi is not quite date night material.  I would recommend different lighting - it's way too bright and the florescents have got to go.Lovely wait staff welcomed us in and asked if we had Peruvian food before which I appreciated.  She let us taste some of the local Peruvian juices and one of them had a mango/pineapple taste so I went for that one - quite yummy although a bit too sweet for a whole glass' worth.We initially chose the shrimp appetizer however our server recommended the Papa Rellena as it was quite popular so we switched to that.  Papa Rellena is a meat mixture in a pocket of mashed potatoes that is then fried.  The outside crust of the Rellena with the warm mashed potato on the inside was fabulous!  The meat mixture inside was pretty good although it was clear that it was pre-made and came from their fridge as it was cold.  If only the whole Rellena was warm, it would have been amazing.My husband chose the Arroz con Maricos which is the Peruvian style paella.  It wasn't too bad.  Came with flavored rice, shrimp, squid, calamari and crab.  My husband said it was ok but was lacking some spice and deep complex flavors.  I ordered the Lomo a Caballo which was stir fried beef with yummy cooked crispy onions, tomatoes, fries, fried plantains and a fried egg on top.  I really liked my meal although the meat could have been a bit more tender.  The mixture of everything on my plate felt like a plate full of christmas presents!  I didn't know which to eat first.  :)  My favorite were the plantains of course!The meal altogether wasn't too bad.  I would go back but my husband said he wouldn't.  Which means...we'll probably go back.  :)  If nothing, it peaked my interest in peruvian food!
4	Best Peruvian experience I've had in the Valley so far.  Very friendly service.  The ceviche de pescado is excellent.  Thinly sliced, delicious yam, corn is ok, and the juice is amazing.  Ask for extra aji.  The lomo saltado, cau cau de mariscos, lomo a caballo, and a causa rellena with shrimp are all very flavorful and made my entire table extremely happy.  I usually come here at least twice a month.  Everyone I've brought becomes a regular as well.
4	Purchased a Grouopn because I love Peruvian food.  I am Cuban and went to Peruvian Restaurants back home in Northern New Jersey. I have eaten Peruvian in Toronto, Madrid and even Paris. It's a wonderful cuisine from a fabulous culture- and I love that !By brother  came back from this restaurant with rave reviews. So I had to know it was good- and it was ! The place is not perfect- but the food was. After reading the reviews here I expected high prices and small portions. Well, I am as big as house @360lbs and I hate small portions. These were not small portions. I actually took food home with me. The appetizers,  delicious- the stuffed mashed potato with a layer of chicken salad a topped with a light cream sauce. Not just delicious, it was beautifully prepared. Although I was not expecting a cold dish, as soon as I stuffed some in my mouth, I just shut up and ate. The appetizer of boiled potato with a cream sauce ( reminds me of a Hollandaise sauce) was excellent. What, no tamales ?  :(Entrees- the Lomo al Caballo  ($11.25- and totally worth it) - wonderfully seasoned chicken breast sauteed with french fries, tomatoes and sweet onions and all brilliantly topped with two sunny side eggs and a side of white rice and fried sweet bananas- the best bananas I ever ate ( and I'm Cuban). Growing up my favorite Cuban dish- and probably still is - the ultimate Cuban comfort food: Fried eggs over white rice and french fries!  Is was my favorite thing there. My partner and I fought for it. Second entree- Tallarin Salteados, ($ 9.95) Think lo mein without the distractions of bean sprouts and other veggies- just loin steak ( which was like butter), sweet onions, and tomatoes in a wonderful sauce. It was actually better when I ate it at midnight. Finally desert was Peruvian Fried donuts- like a light funnel cake. Thank God we each ordered a serving as they were excellent, although I did not care for the syrup that they were sitting on- they didn't need it.This is Fine Dining people. The prices are not high considering the size and quality of the food. Taste is subjective but I can't for the life of me understand why this was so harshly reviewed by the one gentleman. Soap suds in the soda ? Please ! Look I'm not Peruvian- I'm not Italian, but damn know good food.  As for not having enough choice on the menu, it's a smart chef that controls quality by not offering everything. Except for the tamale- all the usual suspects are here.The place was clean. Service could have been better- not that we did not get our food quickly, but because the help was sitting around talking- no biggie- but annoying. The chef cooks everything fresh and at the moment, so it's not fast food.And as for the man with the one star review, I can only think that he ( or his wife-god bless her little heart) ,might have an agenda. Dare I say, maybe she is friends with the competition ?
4	Very small restaurant, perhaps 8 tablesThe food was excellent, had the papas rellena as a starter along with a side of fried yucca, the aji verde sauce was delicious and spicy - i could eat that on anythingWe also split the Pescado a lo Macho, which is fried fish with a seafood mix and spicy sauce served with jasmine rice Excellent food, we will certainly be back as we love Peruvian food, similar in style to Contigo Peru (I believe they had the same chef at some point) - with a Yelp Deal how can you beat that
4	Best Peruvian restaurant in the Valley...fresh and delicious food always, great service everybody is so friendly there. I highly recommend this place, I love their Lomo Saltado, Jalea, pollo a la brasa, ceviche, arroz con mariscos etc. oh and if you go there don't forget to try their Home made churros yummmmmm exquisite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh and Sr. Oscar always hooks it up =), love it. He is one great Peruvian Chef
4	The place is pretty small but the flavors of the food are huge!Our server was very helpful and explained all the dishes (we were all unfamiliar with Peruvian food). She was quick to bring out appetizers and checked on us often.The food was excellent. I can't tell you the names of the dishes; my daughter had a chicken, potato and cream sauce dish, I had seafood and my son had Peruvian fried rice with beef.  We had the doughnuts and plantains for dessert.  Everything was excellent! We will definitely be back.
4	Excellent food and service! I have been here twice so far, and both times have been fantastic. Food is extremely fresh tasting and cooked with skill. The small grievance I have is that the second time I went, they were out of the roast chicken I really wanted to try. However, it's worth mentioning I went at 8 on a wednesday. Considering that, I don't hold too much against them. So I had the paella instead, and am glad I did. It says "good for two" on the menu, but I ate the whole thing myself. I will definitely be back.
4	This was my first time for Peruvian food, so no, I cannot tell you if it is authentic or totally made up.  I can only tell you I am not very adventurous when it comes to new foods, and I had read this was just a small hole-in-the-wall place, so was nervous going in.  However I and my daughter showed up around 3pm on a Sunday, and both of us became big fans and thought it all was great.It was our only meal of the day, so we even had appetizer and split a dessert.  We loved everything we ordered.  For appetizer we chose Antichuchos (skewers of beef marinaded in spices and sauce, with corn, a bit of fried potato, and hot salsa), They also bring out a tiny bowl of kernals of corn for snacking.  I was fearing corn nut hardness, but instead these were crisp with a slight taste reminiscent of corn chips.My daughter ordered Cervoches de camarones (shrimp, in a spicy hot lime juice  with onions, served a slice of yam and large corn. They were warning her it was hot, but I had a taste, and it was way less hot than I expected, as I was remembering a past Mexican shrimp dish a friend from Mexico made once.  I am thinking I may order that one next time - it was flavorful, but light.   I ordered the Aji de Gallina, a cream and cheese chicken and potato stew, served with rice to the side.  Very very good too.  We followed up with flan for dessert.I had walked in knowing I was not going to a fancy restaurant, so had no disappointment that others here expressed. It was very clean, and neat. The girl who served us, was very attentive, very polite and helpful and we were made to feel very welcome.  I think they made the best they can considering they do not have a fancy restaurant and more obvious location.  We definitely will be back
5	Excellent food & wonderful people! I'm Peruvian and grew up eating this cuisine. Now that I'm vegetarian, I'm delighted by the wonderful non-meat dishes the chef has cooked up. Definitely my favorite Peruvian restaurant so far.
5	So I've been searching for a peruvian restaurant to fill that empty void in my life since contigo peru closed and whaddya know i finally found it! The chef from contigo peru is the chef at this new restaurant Tumi. We ordered the papa ala huancaina for an appetizer and as usual it was outstanding. For main courses I had the tallarin verde (peruvian pesto sauce w/pasta) and bisteck (pan fried steak) and my girlfriend had the chaufa de pollo (chicken fried rice), both meals were outstanding in flavor and very generous in portions.I am and will be always a loyal customer of this chef and wherever he cooks.
4	What a wonderful surprise! We were in the area and got a craving for Peruvian food (i am from South America). It was late, 9:15pm, and we drove by TUMI restaurant and saw the Open sign.  The hours said it closed at 9, but the chef welcomed us in regardless and personally served us.The food was delicious - he brought us some corn kernel munchies that were yummy.  We started with fried yucca appetizer and also fish ceviche and we absolutely loved both, the fish was lightly marinated and very fresh, served over lettuce with red onion, sweet potatoes, and corn. My hubby had the "lomo Saltado" which was a very tender beef cish sauteed with tomatoes, onions and served with rice and French fries. It was very flavorful.  I had a chicken picante which I was too full to eat but happily took home.Alas, no liquor license, a beer or a pisco sour would have been the icing on the cake, but definitely not a deal breaker.Overall, the food was great, the chef and the other patrons very welcoming, and the food was affordable, a great experience! Definitely recommend...,muy muy Rico!!
4	I enjoyed it.  Something totally different.  Fresh made food.  Tiny strip mall location with only a dozen tables but it's worth a try.  Peru has good food.
5	I grew up with my Peruvian father making his native dishes for the family, and I spent a month in Lima when I was a teen, so I respect & enjoy Peruvian cuisine. I've dined at Inka Fest, which was okay, but Tumi is now my favorite.My son & I visited Tumi in early January when he was in town for the Fiesta Bowl. Starting with the corn & aji, to the Peruvian tamale, to the papas a la Huancaina, to the lomo saltado (strips of steak mixed with french fries, red onions, tomatoes & seasoned with cumin, s&p, vinegar, served with rice) & seafood saltado (same ingredients except for shrimp, scallops, squid & fish instead of steak), everything was outstanding. My mouth was in Heaven all evening! And can't forget the chicha morada (missed the traditional diced apple topping) & the Inca Kola! Totally yummy experience! (Had to pass on the alfajores for dessert because we were stuffed!)Tumi is located in a small area within a strip mall. We were seated immediately and were eventually the only customers there. We were not disappointed!One of the best parts was meeting chef Oscar, so we could pass on our compliments. Definitely will eat there again - and I'm bringing friends!!! :)
1	Very disappointing! Our waitress recommended a appetizer & we took one bite (Yes really 1 bite) it tasted funny and I asked to send it back. It was beef heart and did not taste good! They refused to take it off the bill because we ate some of it, Really? What kind of service is that? The main dishes that we orderd were just ok and it was 10-15.00$ a plate. We had to ask many times for a refill on our drinks. Very poor customer service! Our worst restaurant experience since moving here 4 years ago! NEVER AGAIN! Bummer for our few and far between Saturday date nights!!!DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.................................
5	My girlfriend and I are no experts in Peruvian cuisine, but Tumi's food was outstanding.  We had the Choclo con Queso as an appetizer (seriously, try it - it's a large-kernel Andean corn, way different than our corn, but we really liked it after a few bites).  My girlfriend had the Pollo Saltado and I has the Saltado Tumi.  Perfectly cooked and SO delicious, both of them.It's a tiny dining room, far from fancy ambience, but the prices are fantastic for such good food in such ample portions.  The service was polite and not pushy.I'm craving more even as I type this - we'll definitely be going back!
5	Enjoyed dinner here recently with a group of about a dozen.avid diners. Service was deft and everyone seemed to enjoy everything they ordered. I had the Anticuchos (beef heart--tender, delicious, not the least bit giblet-y), Seco de Res (beef stew--very tender), Helado de Lucuma (unique ice cream), and Chicha Morada (purple corn drink) and loved them all. Lots of interesting items included, such as Peruvian corn, roasted potato, platanos, and dips/sauces. At least one person used a Groupon for her order, no problem. Definitely a keeper.
4	Searching for some good home style Peruvian food and I came across Tumi from Groupon.  Since then, I've taking my family and friends there several times.  Food is delicious.  Not over priced.  Large servings.  Good location and chef Oscar is awesome!  My favorties dishes are Lomo Saltado and Ceviche.  The only complaint I have are the many changes in waiters/waitress within the past months.  Not very friendly at all.  If Tumi can find a set of waiters/waitress with great customer service, I would give it 5 stars.  The food is what brings me back all the time.
2	We tried two dishes: Lomo a Caballo (beef strip saute) and Tallarin Saltado de Pollo (linguine with chicken). The best part of the beef plate was probably the fried plantains, which were savory and sweet at the same time. The gravy/drippings also had a good flavor, which spread into the rice, french fries, beef, and vegetables. A couple of the beef strips were raw and therefore could not be eaten safely, which makes me wary of the quality control in the kitchen. The chicken dish had better spices and a similarly good gravy for the noodles. However, the flavors in both dishes were subtle overall. They had a nice home-cooked feel, but didn't blow us away or give us a desire to visit again. There was a nice starter placed on the table, which consisted of some kind of hollow, dried corn pieces and two tzatziki-like dipping sauces (one mild, one spicy). This was an interesting and pleasant dish to try while we waited a very long time for our food. While the food was pretty good, the ambiance and service were not. The dining area was completely chaotic, with one assistant constantly running around moving tables and chairs... even our own after we had already been seated. There were tables noisily sliding around, chairs flying over my head, and my shoulders constantly being bumped by the two workers whizzing by in the cramped dining space. My other concern is the lack of cleanliness. The floors, tables, walls, etc. looked like they were not cleaned or maintained regularly, which is a health and sanitary concern. Ultimately, we waited about 15 minutes for anything to drink and nearly an hour for our food. The service was unacceptably disorganized and inefficient. I can't speak to how this food stacks up against other Peruvian cuisine. The dishes were pretty good, although I would like stronger spices and flavors. The environment and service were poor. Overall, these items make it very unlikely that I would visit again.
5	My wife is from Peru and she introduced me to the delicious cuisine of her country.  Over the years, I have tried Peruvian food around the Valley, and around the world, including Lima.  The food at Tumi is very good and is the best we have had in the Phoenix area.  Highly recommended!
4	Good chicken and beans
4	The food here was delicious! My first time here. The manager & chef were friendly and social to their patrons. The ceviche mixto was fresh and full of flavor. The only downside is their small location; hopefully they can expand soon.
4	Ceviche was THE BOMB! Get their ceviche! You will not regret it
4	Tried something new thx to ilving social, usually its places we'll never go to again.But Tumi, is great, we we're brought a sample of the chicha morado which was nice since we've never had it, we both ended up getting it.The food was good, healthy, the service was very friendly.we'll definitely be back when we're in the area again!
4	Thanks to Groupon, I tried this place out with a friend.  Having no experience with Peruvian food, I thought that it was very flavorful and delicious; although simple. The atmosphere was ok, but the service was incredible and you could tell that it was a family owned business and they took great pride in their food and service.
5	Best Peruvian food in the valley, I was disappointed to see Contigo Peru close, but this place has the same chef, so the flavors are just as good.  The only thing this place is missing is a bigger dining room and improved decor.  I will be coming back for sure.
5	I really love this place. Super friendly service,  spectacular Peruvian food. Fair prices. Don't miss it... you are going to enjoy it, promise.Best lomo saltado in the valley.
4	The reason why we came here was because the original restaurant we were intending to, My Arepa, had closed down.  Still wanting to stick to Latin food, and this was nearby, and that we had a coupon from the Entertainment Book for buy one entree get one free, we tried this.The food was really good for our party of 5.  The restaurant is pretty small with just a few tables, which anything over 20 people would be too much for that restaurant, so that is a negative thing.The cost of the dishes were a bit more than what I expected, but since there are a lot of seafood dishes, perhaps expected.  We did not go online to look at their menu or prices.  So, per person, expect to pay over $10 plus tax and tip.The dishes are elegant and there is a lot of veggies with the meats.  My husband and I are not big into the American Mexican taste of food, so it was nice to have something Latin without the typical beans, rice thing that is prevalent in many Mexican restaurants that are more Americanized.We called before going and the woman that answered the phone did not speak much English and answered in Spanish, so if you don't have an inkling of Spanish, communication could be an issue.  This place is not right at the NW corner of Alma School & Warner, but just north of the intersection on Alma School near where the Gun shop is.With that out of the way, we ordered 4 dishes - Lomo Saltado, which is beef strips with onions, tomatoes, cilantro served over French Fries and a large scoop of rice.  This was tasty and my Colombian husband said it's similar to the Bistec we make at home (although, I think what we make at home is even better).  This had good flavor and is $12.The 2nd dish was Aji de Gallina, which is a chicken stew with potatoes in a creamy sauce, also with a scoop of rice.  I liked it, but my husband and kids didn't seem to, so basically I ate a lot of the dish with a friend of ours (who very generously treated us to lunch - THANK YOU).  This dish is $11.Since my husband is allergic to shellfish, we had to avoid all the seafood dishes with shrimp.  We did order a deep fried fish dish called Pescado a la Chorrillana, which this is covered with the similar red onions, tomatoes, and cilantro triage that the beef dish had.  This was also served with a large scoop of rice.  This dish is $15.Lastly, we ordered a Fried Rice dish that had both chicken and beef in it.  It's a Peruvian style fried rice.  Being that I'm Chinese, it tasted similar to Chinese fried rice without the soy sauce.  Tasty and the kids really loved this dish.  I don't know how much this dish was, but in the $11-12 range.The kids got different drinks.  Our son got a Peruvian Soda called Inca Kola, which I'm guessing is like a Coke drink.  Our daughter got Maracuya, which is a Passion fruit drink.  The latter was good, but I really just like drinking water with my food.  Didn't try the Coke.This was an expensive lunch for my friend, and we are very grateful for his generosity.  Definitely not inexpensive, so if that's what you're looking for, this isn't the place.  The appetizer prices were what we expected to pay for lunch.  So, the negative things are that the place is really small and it's a bit pricey.  However, if those things don't bother you and you love foods like this, this is a great place to come.  Service was friendly and fine.  And it's certainly not foods you get at any of the normal places to eat around here.If you have a party that is bigger than 4 people, you definitely should call ahead to see if they can accommodate you.The only other place that I can compare Peruvian food to is a place that was by C-Fu many years ago that burned down.  They had wonderful food and the food we ate today was a bit different.  We'll have to save up some to come eat again, but we can put it on the places we'd like to come to again.
4	We got a great deal through Groupon- 2 entrees, a pitcher of chicha morada, and dessert, for +50% off!While we were deciding on our dishes, the waitress brought out a little snack for us to nosh on. Our snack was roasted, dried, salted corn kernels that you could dip in two different sauces. Both sauces were spicy, piquant, with powerful strong flavors that went well with the earthy taste of the roasted corn.We ended up getting the Lomo Saltado and the Picante a lo Tumi. The Lomo Saltado was tasty, with tender beef, fries and rice. The beef was piled on top of the fries, so the fries soaked up the gravy and juices from the beef, making it quite flavorful.The Picante a lo Tumi seafood dish had great flavor. The scallops and shrimp were a bit overcooked though.In both our dishes, the rice was fluffy and tasted great with the meals.For dessert, we ordered the flan. It was a little overcooked, as the edges of it tasted burnt.Our pitcher of chicha morada was delicious. This purple concoction had a slightly sweet, slightly tart, refreshing light taste.Service was speedy and friendly.While I might not get the seafood again since it was $16 and a bit overcooked, I'd definitely come here to get their other dishes such as the lomo saltado.P.S. One thing to note is that the Groupon does not cover tax, so you will have to pay a few dollar's worth at the end of your meal, plus your tip for the service (Please tip on the full amount!).
4	Everything was fabulous.  The beef was tender and spiced nicely. I am not a rice fan, but it was also very tasty.  We are planning to go back soon!
4	This place is a tiny little hole in the wall type restaurant. Super good food and super nice people. Will def be back. Tried the Peruvian Fried Rice and the Soltado with Egg on top. Both were very good. The hot sauce they make with the Rocoto was AMAZING.
4	The food was delicious, but the plates are a bit on the small side. We were still hungry afterwards lol
5	I am Peruvian and love to go to Tumi.  The food is great and prepared just like back home.  Chef Oscar does a great job, best Peruvian food in Phoenix per my humble opinion.  I love ordering the causa rellena and lomo saltado with an Inca Kola !
5	The food here is great! All the meals are prepared upon order and the staff is very friendly. You can quickly see their cooking staff is passionate about cooking the best meal for each guest. We have had the Lomo Slatado, Green Spaghetti and Lomo al Caballo. All three of the plates have left us amazed with great taste!It's rare to have a small restaurant with so much personality and uniqueness in the Phoenix area, Tumi is one of them...it's a must stop.
4	Not bad Tumi, not bad at all. This place is completely unassuming. Its pretty bare, and was empty when I came in. Looks like an old takeout pizza place or something. My waiter was the guy sitting at the table next to me watching soccer...and he'd sit back down between picking up my food, and getting my order. Casual? Yeah, very. The food however is pretty solid. They have a wide selection of ceviches, and a mild obsession with corn. (Special big kernel peruvian corn, as i'm told..which had  a  less sweet and mealier texture it seemed to me.) I also had the Chicha Morada, which was a sweet purple drink purportedly made from the same corn. All in all, not neccesarily "fine dining" from any sense of the term I've ever known...but certainly worth the money. I'll be back.
5	If you are a fan of Peruvian food, or have never tried it but like other Latin cuisines, you must try Tumi. Food was fantastic, I had their version of a Paella (spicy with Tostones/Yucca) and all the seafood you would expect. The waitress was helpful, friendly and provided good suggestions for my order. A little gem in Chandler.
5	Small venue, but excellent food!   The service was top notch!   It was worth the wait to be seated with a party of 8.     I had the pollo slatado, and my wife had the Lomo slatado..   Seasoning was not too spicy.  Just enough to bring out the flavor in the the food when combined with the vegetables and fries.PAUL R.
5	Wow. What a treat. Took my wife for a date we over ordered for sure and stuffed our faces in. Went here because of yelp.I love the fact they had inca Cola. I definitely want to go back to try the other items. Would be nice if they added bread with the nuts
3	Neither my husband or I had every had Peruvian food before but decided to give it a try on Saturday night.  The food was fantastic - I'm adding going to Peru to my bucket list - but they only had one server for the whole restaurant.  We were hoping to get some descriptions of the food and recommendations since we weren't familiar with it, but the waitress was spread so thin and so flustered we gave up on any conversation.  We had to wave her down when we needed napkins, again when we needed our drinks refilled, and again when we wanted the check.  Normally we would have ordered appetizers and deserts, but it was just too much effort, so we stuck to just pointing at one item on the menu.  If we lived closer, I would get takeout, as we really enjoyed our food, but eating here was just too stressful and lacked the personal touch that I was expecting.
2	After hearing so many good things about this place my mom and I made the drive to come out here. My moms Peruvian friend brought her here a couple of months back and my mom said that I had to come try for myself. It's a small family style atmosphere, however the service was awful. I'm not from South America and not familiar with many of the selections and when we asked the waitress what she would recommend she stated that most people know what they want when they come there. I decided to go on yelp and see the options that were available based on pics since my mom didn't remember what she had the last time she came. We ordered the ceviche which was great and the chicha morada drink was very good as well. We ordered the seafood Jalea which looked amazing and grand. However was completely smothered in salt, so salty it was inedible. The shrimp was also not cleaned and prepared properly. So disappointing because the portion was generous and it looked divine. We then ordered the pesto pasta which was awful as the Pasta and steak was overcooked and very bland. I was beyond disappointed and couldn't believe the lack of service. Our waitress sat in a corner and ate and we had to flag her down just to get refills of water. I advised our waitress of the quality of food and she stated that was how it was prepared and served. I decided to order dessert because I am a huge fan of Alfajores, let me say the order of 2 Alfajores were PERFECTION! That's the only part of the entire meal that was amazing. The buttery shortbread style cookie (it's made out of maizena cornstarch) and cajeta were just perfect together. That is the only reason I would ever come back because they were that good. I would give one star for lack of service and quality of food for the price we paid but I am giving 2 for the amazing Alfajores. I probably won't be coming back though, too far and pricey for lack of service and quality of food.
5	This is hands-down the best Peruvian food I've had in az. To start, the place was almost full on a wednesday night- good sign. The waitress was very sweet and friendly. Now about the food...Anticuchos. Do it. They were perfectly seasoned and cooked very well. Watch out for the salsa on the side, it is INTENSE. Causa Rellena de pollo- cold, delicious, potato chicken heaven.Aji de gallina- full on yummies. This stuff didnt last long- it was creamy, cheesy, and again, yummies.Last and favorite: lomo saltado. The sauce was unreal, like nothing I've ever tasted. That and the onions, tomatoes, beef strips.... great flavor. The best part was the fabulously crispy peruvian fries mixed in. However they fry these fries, they are magic.Try this place out, there are a ton of things for the new and the experienced peruvian food fan to enjoy, you will be pleasantly surprised.
5	Love this place! Always very welcoming. Best Authentic Peruvian food, with the best and nicest chef!
5	I am from Ecuador but I have a Peruvian friend who brought me here and to some other Peruvian restaurants, and all I can say is that of all Peruvian restaurants here in AZ this is my favorite, their food is delicious I love it, personally because it is similar to Ecuadorian food and since I don't know of a good Ecuadorian restaurant this is my place to go. The owner is so friendly.
3	Small restaurant with good food. At $70 (including tip) for three people,  I felt it was overpriced though. Also, I was not given a refill on my iced tea. The Beatles played on pan flute compilation being played as background music was interesting. Although the food was good, it wasn't anything special so I probably won't be going back.
4	We love this place, my husband and I go quite often. My husband lived in Peru for sometime and is constantly craving good Peruvian food!
1	This was my first West Coast Peruvian dish, and coming from New Jersey I was disappointed.  Although I was told it was "the best"; I disagree.  I had "Tallarin verde con Bisteck"; & the linguine was overbooked, the sauce was dull and dry.  For the first time I had it with Parmesan cheese, which only made it drier!!!!  The beef was very thin and lacked salt, it was also too small in proportion to the pasta.  The potato was good, crispy.  The appetizer "Papa a la Huncaina" was ok.  Lacked salt and wasn't creamy enough. Also, their sauces (the green sauce being my favorite) was horrible!!!  It wasn't spicy, in fact it tasted like pickles...  Just gross.Overall, the service was polite, price was ok, comfortable small atmosphere.  Very clean.  It's unfortunate I won't be going back... :(
5	Awesome food. Just like the food I had in Piura years ago.  Wife had Saltado de Mariscos and I had the Lomo. Both were fantastic.  Try the papas a la huacaina, they are remarkable.
5	Visiting from California. Great food, awesome service. And you can bring your own beer. Loved the seafood special. The other courses looked good too. Will be back.
4	Very authentic and with nice decor. No alcohol and at tv is playing a very uninteresting soap opera. Adequate parking.
5	First Peruvian experience and it will not be my last! The main dish was beyond flavorful. I couldn't stop eating it! The ice cream was an amazing bonus! Our coworker has been to Peru and this restaurant did not disappoint him! We all plan on going back and telling others about the amazing food! I ordered the Lomo Saltado. To drink: chicha morada and dessert: helado de Lucuma. Highly recommend it all!
5	This place is great for a latin kick.  The chicken is good. The little corn nut things are delicious. And the lomo saltado is great. More green sauce please!
5	This is a great little restaurant, it is one of my new favorites for sure! It's a small, "hole in the wall" kind of a place, but the ambiance was just right. Very good food and fairly large portions. We have enjoyed every dish we have tried so far. The ceviche mixto was excellent, we would also recommend the fried bananas or plantains, amazing!!!
4	Overall excellent Peruvian food. Lomo a Caballo is a great dish.
3	Overall the experience was good. The food was enjoyable but a bit on the salty side. Ordered the chicken soup = great. Beef stew was excellent in the meat tenderness and. The white beans were a but on the under cooked side meaning a bit hard. Rice was good. Passion fruit juice was not natural.
