4	Excellent place for a quick, cheap lunch.  Menu is full of cheap eats, and healthful fare can be found here too!  I've twice had  lunch there for two for under $15.  The lentil soup and tabbouleh salad are great.  In and out in 30-45 mins easy.  Tight seating, though... most tables are for two.
4	I've had food from Ali Baba before (lunch meetings and the like), and it's always been good, so tonight I went here for dinner with friends. While most dishes don't stand out as being better then other Middle Eastern restaurant, everything is good. We got hummus (lots of paprika and fennel, little oil), vegetarian grape leaves (standard, but always a fav), Fatoosh, spinach lentil soup, spinach pie (amazing), the fish entree, and a chicken entree. I didn't try either of the meat dishes, but everyone was really happy with what they got. All of this, six beers (they have no wine or liquor, you're welcome to bring your own bottle), and two desserts was $68. Total steal! The desserts were pretty amazing too. We got baklava, it wasn't too sweet, too nutty, or too sticky. A really nice balance between filling and phyllo dough. I don't remember the name of the other dessert, it was farina wrapped cheese with crushed pistachio and rose-something syrup. The cheese was the most mild I've ever had, and the syrup really stood out, flowery, but not too sweet. And for being a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, the service is good - attentive and nice, no dropping your check with the food or taking your order and then forgetting about you.
1	I think this is one of those restaurants for those who don't know any better. However I don't think anyone could enjoy their Moussaka. Obviously it had been reheated in the back in a microwave, bec. it wasn't warmed evenly through out the dish. If someone told me that their food came out of a can, I wouldn't at all be surprised.
4	A fan because its in a convenient location and it's cheap. Good baklava. Good service.  Decent food. Nice mellow atmosphere. Good place for a business lunch. Casual dress.
4	I just got take-out from Ali Baba. We ordered a bunch of the a la carte items, and there was way too much food. As a note, their website menu prices have been raised by about 50 cents an item, but they're still rather reasonable. I also appreciated that they gave us a whole bag of pita bread to take home.I whole-heartedly recommend the baba ghanoush and muhammara. They have a chunky texture that makes you wonder if some grandma was pummeling walnuts in the back with a mortar and pestle. I'm looking forward to going back and trying more of their dishes.The atmosphere inside the restaurant looked modern and a nice spot for a romantic dinner.Overall, Ali Baba is going to become a regular for take-out night at my house. I'd recommend picking up a couple large containers of their dips for your next party.
3	The mezza have always been above average, especially the tabouleh and sleek.  Service has been slow both times I've been in recently, which drops it from four to three stars.
3	I have to agree that it's better to order a bunch of the a la carte items than the platters.  I had the vegetarian special here.  It came exactly how the menu described it: rice with pine nuts, hummus and baba ghanooj.  But I was still taken aback by the beige-ness of the plate--when I think "vegetarian," I think green.  (I don't know.  Am I crazy?)  Maybe a tiny bit of salad on the plate?  The plate is less expensive than the meat platters that come with salad--but I'd think that the meat, not lettuce, accounts for the price difference.  But, to be fair, the menu description didn't promise a salad.  The baba ghanooj was the best thing on the vegetarian platter.  The hummus and rice weren't bad, but next time I'll just order the baba ghanooj a la carte and some other small dishes.  I prefer Aladdin's for its larger variety of vegetarian dishes, though.The water glasses here are really, really small.  I came here on a warm day and my friend and I were really thirsty, so we kept draining our glasses.  Our waitress was pretty good about refilling them--but I couldn't help but think it'd be a lot easier on her if the place had bigger glasses.   Less waste, more eco-friendly, maybe?
4	My girlfriend has treated me to ali babas both times i have visited pittsburgh with her. It isn't a large place and has mostly 2 tops, perfect for a date night. She always gets the maxa platter. Not sure if that is how you spell it but that is how it is spelled on their web page. I unknowingly enough order something else for variety. Funny thing though because we usually end up sharing. Sharing really means me saying"hey honey would you like some of mine"? In which her response is "I might try it but you can have as much of mine as you want". That's the answer I was looking for. On to the food! This last time I visited I tried the "Fetter Treat". Which in my experience was lamb on a bed of rice (Not white rice but not sure what kind) with pine nuts. It was very good for what it was, and it came with a small lettuce and tomato salad with a lemon dressing.I really liked it but I think I would have been slightly disappointed had my girlfriend not gotten the maxa platter. On the menu the Fetter Treat says it is cooked with mushrooms and onions and a savory mushroom sauce. I saw very few mushrooms and not a drop of sauce. All in all I would probably get it again.The maxa platter on the other hand was pure heaven. I could gorge myself on the Tabooli and Baba Ganooj. The Baba Ganooj had a great smoky flavor and I was really impressed at how fresh everything tasted. With the maxa platter it also has an Artichoke Salad which is really just Artichokes covered in some delicious sauce. Also, huge portions of feta cheese, hummus and tomatoes and olives in the middle.The maxa platter is all cold dishes which is also why I got something hot. Everything was really good and we enjoyed our dinner very much so.
3	went there for the first time for lunch today. The weekday lunch crowd is pretty big but the service is fast and friendly so they seem to turn tables over pretty quickly. My table split an order of Hummus and I had the small order of cabbage leaves (ground lamb). The meal was fine, light and fresh tasting. I was surprised how inexpensive it was...less than $5. Would totally go back for another lunch run since I work in the area.
3	Long time neighborhood place on Craig St., Ali Baba is convenient to both CMU and Pitt.  The food quality ranges from OK to pretty good. The final bill will be relatively gentle on the wallet too -- an added incentive during these days of economic down turns.While not necessarily the best Middle Eastern fare Pittsburgh has to offer (I prefer Taza 21), Ali Baba is probably your best bet in Oakland.  In any case, of all the restaurants on Craig St., its value to price ratio is probably the best.3.5 stars
5	Great fresh food, good service and ownership that cares deeply.  I eat lunch here about twice a week.  Not only is the food good, but you cannot beat the prices.   It's the cheapest GOOD food in Pittsburgh.But it's not all about the price.  The food is simple but authentic and delicious.   When my wife have dinner there -- about twice a month -- we usually order another three or four things to take home for the next day.The service?  You ALWAYS feel welcome.  The wait staff are rushed at times, but friendly.  And "slow" is a relative term.  This ain't a fast food restaurant.  Relax, enjoy an appetizer and talk with your meal partner.  And bring a bottle of wine.
4	I'm rather sad after two years of living in Pittsburgh I made my first visit to Alli Baba last night.I must say I was very impressed.  The dinner menu includes around 10 entrees and 15 "a la carte" items.  Everything I sampled of my friends was very tasty, well seasoned and very satisfying.  The hummus, baba ghanooj, salads and soups were all obviously made in house, not too garlicky but had a good punch of acidity that I often miss in this type of fare.If I was closer to Oakland I would frequent this place for lunch.  I feel like it is similar in quality to Istanbul for lunch, but crushes Istanbul's Larryville location for dinner, without question.Beer only, Wine is BYOB without a corkage from what I could tell.Lastly, @ Jenny.  I also had the Moussaka.  It was very tasty, and if you think something like this (or lasagna, souffle, etc) is not going to be reheated from a big platter they made earlier that day... you're fooling yourself.
3	There's not much to say about Ali Baba other than that it's decent Middle Eastern food in Oakland. The menu is fairly large, the hummus is good, and it's inexpensive. Good lunch place.
4	I had a very tasty lunch in less than half an hour, which is exactly what I want from near-campus eats. Most plates that other diners ordered looked great--hummus and baba ganoush in particular. I had a gyro, and it was tasty, filling, and cheap. The tzatziki sauce was particularly nice. The price was also right--it's possible to eat a lunch for approximately $5.I will be returning often when I'm too lazy to bring my lunch to work.
4	Ali Baba has become my go-to for Middle Eastern fare in Pittsburgh.I've ordered a few different things but the absolute best thing on the menu is the lamb shank, which a waitress recommended as their specialty. She was so spot on. The meat is juicy and fall-off-the-bone tender, and the tomato-based broth is seasoned perfectly. Yum! The salad is great (no surprise there, I'll eat anything with that lemony Middle Eastern dressing) and the kabobs and hummus are pretty good, but beware of the baba ghanouj...sometimes it can be very bitter if they make a bad batch.The service is slow as hell, always. Not a quick eat, but satisfying if you have the time. Delivery is available through Wheel Deliver.
4	This is a great deal for the price, and very delicious, too (at least for most dishes). You will get large portions and pay little, if you choose from the a la carte menu instead of the platters. I would recommend getting a few a la carte items. The baba ghanooj is my favorite. So is the spinach and lentil soup, which has a very unique taste with lemon juice. So is the kibbe; one of the best I have had ever. So is the halwa bi-jibin (which is dessert made of dough, pistachios, and rose water). There was one point in time I was addicted to this dessert. The "healthy variety" and "vegetarian special" are combination dishes, which are even better deals. I usually replace the hummus in the special with baba ghanooj since I think their baba ghanooj is a lot better. Grape leaves are OK, but the veggie version is  not as good.The portions are large enough that if you get three items, you will likely have stuff to take home. And some items (dips) come with pita bread. I often take out from Ali Baba, and they have always been timely.My girlfriend says the open faced hummus pita is excellent, but Ihave not tried it. The only bad experience I had: mousakka is not real mousakka. It feels synthetic. Don't even try it.
5	awesome food:)
4	Nice middle-eastern place near CMU.I usually get the 'Vegetarian Special' which is box with rice, hummus and baba ganoush (and bread). They also have awesome 'Sleek' which is this awesome concoction of kale, onions and beans.. tried it for the first time today and loved it.The owner seems to really care about his food... always reminds me to hold box the right way when I get take-out.. seems like he really knows his middle-eastern food.Awesome place, but a bit on the pricier end, I could get a more diverse platter of food for cheaper at the middle-eastern truck at margaret morrison st.
4	Excellent Food with Great prices and very generous portion sizes. I keep going back here time and time again for lunch. Very busy lunch hour so if you get there towards the end of the noon hour be prepared to have just okay service.
5	Ali Baba is one of the best places for lunch in Oakland. The have a ton of vegetarian options, of which the spinach and lentil soup, the falafel sandwich, and the spinach pie are some of the best in the country. The spinach and lentil soup is a particular standout.Our department at Pitt regularly takes faculty candidates here for lunch. It's a really good option for this because the menu satisfies many dietary needs (including vegetarian, vegan, kosher, and gluten free), the restaurants is a good middle-ground between casual and formal, and the prices are low enough that a big group doesn't eat up too many departmental funds.Great lunch spot, good prices, and fantastic food.
3	I'd seen the Ali Baba hype on Yelp, and I was in the area exploring Pitt, so I figured I might as well try my luck at the purported best Middle Eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It was a fine experience, but nothing special.I patiently waited in line to order takeout, and got the spinach and lentil soup and the spinach pie, both highly recommended.  The soup was definitely the better of the two, with a strong lemon juice flavor as I usually make it myself.  The spinach pie, rumored to be so good, was a real let down.  Another reviewer called it "best in the country"?  Cmon, are you serious?  If I came here again I would definitely get the kibbee or something.I couldn't help but notice the mass confusion at the counter, either, between the owner and the waitresses.  The takeout ordering system, which should honestly be quite easy, was causing many problems and making everyone a bit awkward.  They couldn't match the tickets with the completed orders with the ticket copies sent back to the kitchen.  Considering the other options for lunch in the area, I do recommend Ali Baba.  Next time I go, maybe I will have a better experience, but the thought that their quality hinges so much on what you order doesn't make me feel better.
4	Oh I just love this place. Great, quick BYOB that always delivers. We actually biked to Tandoor Indian Grill on Centre to use a Groupon, and the building is boarded up (FYI)! I really didn't mind since I knew Ali Baba was down the street and I could always go for good hummus. Theirs is awesome, along with their baba ganoush, falafel and bread. I usually fill up on all of those things so never have actually tried an entree. But the tossed salad compliments the pita and hummus well, seasoned and dressed with fresh lemon juice and olive oil. I've never had to wait long on a table and the service is always prompt. The bf fills up on various chicken dishes, and he is always satisfied. A few times the bread has been dry (I love when its warm and soft) but the hummus is soo good it really doesn't bother me!
4	Dropped in for a quick early dinner on a Saturday night and the place was not packed. I did notice the numerous awards that Ali Baba has been recognized for hanging up in the entrance. Ordered the humus to split for an appetizer and I had the stuffed beef eggplant with a side salad. Generous portions, good prices and delicious foods. I intended to not eat so much but I ate up everything! Waiter was attentive and friendly. I do feel like the decor has brought me back to my nursery school days though I'm glad I stopped on by.
1	I always walked by this place and wondered if I should try.  I love middle eastern cuisine.  One day, I went here for lunch with a bunch of coworkers.  The place was packed and the menu was short, which were good signs of a good restaurant.  I ordered the kibbeh and it was just disgusting.  I've had so much better elsewhere.  It was very dry and tasteless.  The only real attraction to this place is the student pricing.  Dishes here are quite cheap.  Now I see why.
3	Good quality, good price. Not very spicy. Cute waitress.
3	Ali Baba is on a busy stretch of Craig Street near CMU and the museums, etc.  When I grabbed a late lunch today at around 2:00pm today they were still pretty crowded but the atmosphere and crowd were "cool" and the service was good.  For some reason, I have turned into a baba ganoush fanatic lately.  The baba at Ali Baba (say that 3 times in a row and a genie will appear) was very fresh tasting but was a little bit on the bland side in my opinion.  There was a little too much oil (actually a puddle of oil) on top of the baba but there was some nice citrus taste to it.   The large portion of baba was definitely enough for 2 - I brought half of it home.I also tried a spinach pie.  Good - not great.  Nice and toasted on the outside but just a tad undercooked and doughy on the inside.  Also a little on the bland side.  I wish they had a spinach-feta cheese pie option on the menu - maybe I should have asked.My last trip to Ali Baba was over 10 years ago.  That visit included an incredibly hilarious and embarassing moment that I cannot post on the internet.  Well maybe one of these days after a few beers I will reveal - ha ha.  Ali Baba is a good choice on Craig Street but there are better middle eastern choices in my opinion at Kassab's (Southside) and Taza 21 (Squirrel Hill).  With that said, I will try Ali Baba again one of these days.  I am intrigued that Ali Baba has it's roots in Syria so maybe I just need to appreciate the differences and give it another chance.
2	Good recipes, nice atmosphere, and an interesting menu are frequently ruined by inattentiveness in the kitchen.  Meats are often dry, tough, and overcooked, though the vegetarian options are still delicious.  Ali Baba is a place with a lot of potential, but it needs more skilled professionals behind the curtain.(Also, the water glasses are unusually small, requiring many refills and usually causing periods without water during a meal--you can ask for a bigger one, though, something I didn't learn until my third visit.)
3	This place has the best hummus in town!  Their menu offers a great variety of food that's always very fresh.  I usually get The Healthy Variety for lunch and I've never had a bad experience at this restaurant. If you go on your lunch hour, do it on a day where you can spend more than an hour at lunch bc the service is SLOW and the kitchen is even slower!
3	I go just for the lamb shank -- very good.
1	I visited this restaurant for the first time on 7/13/2012.  My husband and I enjoy Middle Eastern food so we figured we would check it out.  This was the blandest wateriest ME food I've ever had.  No spices at all were used.  The hummus was WATERY!  It had no flavor.  The only things I liked were the slices of feta on the Meza platter and the artichoke salad.  My husband ordered a beef kabob dish and said the beef was tough and tasteless.  The rice had no spices or flavor.  For all the people who have given this place multiple stars, it is a shame that you think this is what ME food is meant to taste like.  Go visit Kassab's on Carson St. in the South Side then come back and review this place again.  For those looking for a restaurant on Craig St, try the Indian places and use this as a last resort!  Very disappointing!
1	Got moussaka. Instead of bechamel, they put american cheese on top...interesting, cheap and not a tasty choice. So much lamb on the menu, it's hard to avoid. Just because it has lamb in it, doesn't mean its Mediterranean. Friend had beef platter. Beef too dry, too well done. For this price, you could get a lot better. Would not recommend
4	we had lamb cheeseburgers with mint yogurt.  great service, wonderful food.  Just as it has been for many many years!
2	The beer was warm, the skewered beef was gristly, and they forgot about my order.  But the rest of my family had pretty good food.  Don't let the hostess sit you near the noisy fridge near the middle of the restaurant.
4	I have ordered from here a handful of times, sometimes dining in and sometimes carrying out.The food is pretty tasty and they have a good variety of dishes on their menus. I especially like their falafel sandwhiches. I have tried their humus as well which was pretty good.The restaurant is nice, although I'd say the service is not consistently something to rave about.Good prices for the food. Great option for somebody on a budget.
5	Literally was here and have had about every vegetarian option on their menu. The waiters probably know me by name...I love everything on their menu - literally. every. veggie. option.  I've never gotten anything that I haven't liked. The ambiance is pretty nice and low key so it's good for all occasions. The food is also pretty cheap (besides the entree) if you stick to the a la carte menu (which is extensive and large portioned) then you're set! I'm surprised more people haven't checked this place out because this is close to Pitt and Cmu campus and the food is beyond comparison! Bottom Line: One of my favorite restaurants in the 'burgh.
4	I generally get the falafel for 5 bucks. Really tasty and it makes two meals. The decor is kind of weird, if it were solely a take out place I'd like it even more.
3	As I was craving some middle eastern I decided to venture here. The ambiance was nice. I ordered the Ali Baba platter, which included salad, hummus, rice, and per my selection lamb. While the hummus, salad and rice were good, I didn't think much of the lamb, which seemed a little dry and just not tasty. I ordered it rare, which is what my waitress recommended. I feel it could have either been marinated more or with a better marinade.Since the service was good and friendly, I decided to bump my rating up to three stars. For a restaurant that specializes in this cuisine, however, and the lamb being a major portion of the meal, I expect better.
1	What food I got to taste was...not optimum. I came in at 1:15PM and the place was nearly empty. I hadn't eaten all day and was ravenous- also moved recently from NY Metro area and missed having a good gyro.  It took awhile to get noticed by the waitress- in an almost empty restaurant. I had a book so I read. I noticed 2 tables who'd come in after me being served- while I also noticed my waitress heading toward the front door not to reappear for 15 minutes. During that 15 minutes I imagined my lunch under a heat lamp.  When she finally came back, she went to the station. Finally she noticed me- and went back to the kitchen.    After maybe 5 or 10 minutes she came out. I took one bite. My gyro had big uneven slabs of meat- which were barely warm. Cold pita- a few crumbs of feta (I ordered it extra) and some runny sauce on the bottom- and big pieces of raw onion.   I really think she forgot to give my ticket to the kitchen- but even for the time she was in there- who gives cold pita on a gyro? Or can't slice the meat and cook it?  When I told her it was cold- she took it back and told me they were making a new one. At this point it had been 35 minutes- and I really only had an hour and had to go so I told her to cancel the order.  She "apologized" by blaming the kitchen. As I left- I offered to pay for my undrunk glass of milk- and told the owner about the service.  Instead of anything close to an apology- he told me no one else had ever complained about that before. TERRIBLE service and mediocre to bad food.   I went across the street and got some NY pizza which had a great crust and rivaled anything I've gotten in Manhattan.
3	A decent place for a sit-down lunch among the varied options on Craig Street - usually does a booming business with students and workers from the nearby offices around lunch and has fairly fast service considering.After having tried several of the lunch options I tend to favor the simplicity of a spinach and lentil soup and a hummus.  Some of the appetizers are more hit and miss.  I'm a fan of other dishes like the sleek but it may be intended as a thing to share because it doesn't come with anything else to accompany it.  In terms of local "Middle Eastern" restaurants I prefer this over Aladdin's.
4	My owners have dined here many times, and we never get any leftovers when they do. That is because they usually get appetizers, such as the awe-inspiring Muhummara, a delicious dip made from walnuts, paprika, and (as internet recipes indicate) pomegranate molasses. They have pathetically tried to make it on their own a few times, to no success. Baba Ghanooj is also a wonderful appetizer choice. Our owners often just share a variety of small eats, rather than choosing more expensive and, in their opinions, less bountiful entrees. The value per dollar of the entrees, together with the occasional negligent/unfriendly service, are the reasons for not awarding all 5 stars. Thanks! Meow.
3	One of my favorite places to go in the area , but you need to know what to order. The lamb shank is the best dish on the menu. The service varies, sometimes it's excellent at other times it is impossible to get a fork.
1	This restaurant was on a list of recommended restaurants from the hotel my family and I were staying at.  I have to say both the food and the service left a lot to be desired.  Besides being overpriced the food was over-cooked (chicken and fish) and tasted as if it had been previously frozen.  The koozi was basically all rice when the primary ingredient was supposed to be lamb.  I have had significantly better middle eastern food for far less elsewhere.
4	"Best middle eastern food in the city" is plastered al over the walls - I would have to agree.  Highlights include baba ganoush and the moussaka.  Healthy, eclectic , and homemade- yum
3	Went for lunch with a few friends and had a good time. The prices are low for lunch specials, the service was great and the ambiance was very relaxing and welcoming.We shared a bunch of small plates and I really enjoyed the hummus and tabooli salad, something I've had many times and theirs was quite good. Two dishes I had never tried before and loved were the fatoosh (a salad similar to tabooli) and mohomara (a delicious spicy dip made with ground walnuts and paprika. It was so flavorful and meaty, it could fool any meat lover into thinking they're eating ground beef!)We also had a spinach pie and a meat pie with ground lamb. The dough was very flaky, but I was not thrilled by the spices in either pie.I would still give this place another try and explore some of their other dips and entrees.
4	I love Middle Eastern food, but this was my first experience with a specifically Syrian restaurant. The yogurt with mint and cucumber was excellent, as was the lamb stew. The couscous had a hint of cinnamon, which I also enjoyed. The salad was basic, lettuce, tomato, added feta, but the vinaigrette they dressed it with was lovely. Good stuff!
2	I eat there about once a year, and I always wonder why I end up there. Generally, because I am with some vegetarian friends, and the restaurant is vegeterian friendly. It's also cheap, and the serviceis prompt. So, not everything is bad. But the food is sometimes decent, but usually mediocre, and some dishes are simply terrible (like the chickpea salad which I ordered by accident: take a can of chick pea, add a few quarters of tasteless tomato on it, a few bits of prepackaged salad, and some kind of humus-based (?) sauce, and here we go...).
5	One of the best restaurant experiences in Pittsburgh! Extremely great middle eastern food, comfortable atmosphere, and wonderful customer service. Highly recommended!
5	I first discovered this place years and years ago when I worked at a restaurant across the street. This is the best middle eastern food I have found in or around pittsburgh thus far. I am Syrian and Greek and grew up eating all that yummy stuff, so when I judge middle eastern food I'm comparing to what my great grandparents and grandparents made my whole life. We all know grandparents make the best food ;) love their kibbeh nayeh, moussaka, grape leaves, sleek, and leg of lamb, fetter treat meal....everything I've ever had here was GREAT.  We always get at least 5-6 things to share between 2 people!
1	My Pathetic lunch in all it's glory before a single bite. At least the portions of this 9 dollar lunch were tiny so I didn't have much to toss out after I tried it. Bland, over cooked and greasy. Just three tiny pieces of meat (about 1.5 bites total) and some canned peas in greasy tomato sauce. Greasy lettuce garnished with a single slice of tomato. They couldn't even bother to give me a fork despite asking for one twice. Not going back here again. Disgusting, they should be ashamed of serving such disgusting and overprice food.
2	If you ever been traveling in the Middle East you will be hardly disappointed ... Looked so forward to it but the food didn't had a lot of taste.
4	I had almost completely forgotten about the place, but oddly enough this was the first restaurant I had ever been to in Pittsburgh. A graduate student took me here the weekend I came up to interview for my graduate program. The place is a great little hole in the wall in Oakland that is perfect for lunch or dinner. As a vegetarian, there were a bunch of yummy items on the menu that are relatively cheap. Here, though, I always go back to the falafel, which is incredible. It's good enough to prevent me from trying other stuff on the menu. Furthermore, the hummus/pita is another highlight. I know I can always stop in a have a good meal here.
4	There is a reason Ali Baba's has been open for over 40 years, good food, great price. I've been going to Ali Baba for as long as I can remember (at least 20 years), and amazingly it still has the same decor, so the interior is a bit dated to say the least. That being said, it has never bothered me because I go for the food and the service. Anyways, Ali Baba's has some fantastic food, they also have some food that is "meh". But what they do well, they do better than anyone else and that is why I keep coming back. The baba ghanooj is still the best I have ever had;  it has lots of tahini and lemon (which really make the dish), the meat grape leaves, tabooli are also great (the tabooli is very citrusy ; the sleek is pretty good  too (a little bland but the caramalzed onions on it are great). I usually stick with the A La Carte menu so I can speak to the "main courses" but this place is always a good choice.
3	Great "hole in the wall" spot serving Middle East cuisine in a comfortable atmosphere. The service is prompt and attentive, yet not intrusive and the portions are big enough that some folks may require leftovers.  Most importantly, the food is pretty darn good, too - as in good enough to put this place on a regular rotation if you live in the area. All this combined with reasonable prices makes Ali Baba a great find.  Enjoy!
4	The restaurant is lacking in decor but makes up for it with its authentic, great food. Price was very reasonable.
3	I've come here several times, both for lunch and for dinner, though it's been awhile.  The appetizers here have been pretty good--I've had the hummus and the tabbouleh, and both have been flavorful.  The entrees here have been more nondescript, however.  If you come for lunch, the homemade yogurt is surprisingly good.  It's savory, so don't expect something sweet like many store-bought yogurts, but it's very thick and creamy, similar to Greek yogurt.  Service has been slow every time I've come here, so be sure to take this into account--don't come here expecting a quick lunch.  Prices are inexpensive, so it's a good option if you're looking for a meal that won't break the bank.  Also, it's a good option for vegetarians.  3.5 stars.
4	This is a nice spot for lunch if you are working around Craig street.  The place is fairly small so it can be packed during lunch hour but it is worth the wait.  The food is authentic, delicious and fresh.  The tyropita (cheese pie) and spanakopita (spinach pie) are "must try" and the omelet is great too.  It is even good for lunch meetings since it is rather quiet and you can have a good conversation.  All in all is a great alternative to the sandwich places for lunch.
5	I was an undergraduate at Pitt when this place opened, I believe it was in 1972. Middle Eastern food scared me back then but within a year, I was hooked. I've been out of the Pittsburgh area since 1980 but have made a tradition of having at least one meal here each time I come back. It's great for my vegetarian husband who can always find plenty of food that he likes. I usually get a chicken kabob, a salad, and some rice. Hummus is a given and (if I'm really hungry or planning on stretching the meal out into another meal for the next day), an order of felafel as well. Parking has always been an issue in Oakland, but we found a pay spot about a block away so no problem. I've never had a bad meal here and enjoy making it a part of my visits when I'm back in the 'burgh.
3	Nice and spicy like I like Indian food. Family operated friendly service. Indian movies in the background. Careful, the plate that says "whole fish" is not a whole fish, but a portion. Nice experience otherwise.
5	Their baclava is God's gift to man.
5	Easily the best hidden gem in the area. The place might seem like a hole in the wall, but you cannot beat the food or the price. One of the best Middle Eastern restaurants in the area. My favorite is the a la carte option. Some of my favorites include the spinach and lentil soup, the spinach pie, and the falafel. The falafel is different from others in which it is one falafel topped with a thick tahini like spread. Two a la carte dishes are easily under $10, and you leave feeling full and happy for days. Great spot for a quite dinner! It is BYOB with a corking fee.
5	I cannot get enough of this place. My mother, aunt, and I used to meet here once a month to enjoy platters of Raw Kibbie,  Sleek, and all the Hummus and Pita Bread we could eat. My Aunt passed away about 4 years ago and my Mother and I just went back for the first time. The food was still delicious. I cannot get enough of the delicious food. The Raw Kibbie is a must try: it's raw lamb meat and it is to die for. If you like Sushi, you'd like this.The Sleek was prepared beautifully and the roving orders of Pita Bread just topped the whole meal.I am actually planning on grabbing take out from here for dinner at work tonight. Love it!
4	Price is a little too high, but delicious food! I'd recommend the grape leaves and anything else on the a la carte menu. Awesome Syrian recipes and an Oakland Classic.
4	I've been here a few times, and it's really good.  The food itself is good, but also, you get large portions for what you pay, and can fill up even on a tight budget.The "sleek" (kale with carmelized onion) is my favorite, and so is the falafel (it comes in a large patty.)  I like to order falafel with a side of sleek, and roll it into the pita that comes with the meal - it makes a nice wrap that is both filling and (I imagine) healthy.The chicken kabob was also very tender and juicy, the hummus is good, and the pita served with the meal has always been warm and fresh.I will continue to try more dishes here, when I am in the area.
5	Best Middle Eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh IMHO. My family has been coming here for 40 years. Great for dates or dinner with friends. Service is always good and prices are reasonable given the high quality. I've never been disappointed going here. I always get the Lamb Shank, Grape Leaves, and Hummus.
1	The worst Mid-East cuisine I've had by far. The service was okay, but the food (couscous) was so bland and had zero flavor. I didn't even like the pita bread. Won't be going back, and I really have no idea why so many people seem to rate it so highly.
3	One of my go-to options for delivery through Wheel Deliver. Love their hummus but I'm not so crazy about their baba ghanooj which is weird for me because I usually love baba and hate hummus; thanks for messing with my brain Ali Baba! The fatoosh is usually amazing (though there have been a few inconsistencies in quality) and the mujaddara is quite good. The falafil and stuffed grape leaves are skippable here as far as I am concerned. The pita is fantastic, and they give you tons of it with to-go orders or delivery, big plus! When dining in, I always truly appreciate the pleasant design of the restaurant, although it's a bit run-down and dated (dated 1982, actually). The best thing about Ali Baba, is the font used for the restaurant name; it adds to the character and appeal in a way that I feel unable to explain.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. The food is consistently excellent and VERY reasonably priced. I especially love the cheese pie and baked kibbee, but everything on the menu is pretty delicious!
