3	Great looking bar and restaurant.  The restaurant section is completely seperated by a glass wall from the HUGE bar.  Lots of plasmas throughout the place.  We were there at midnight on a Friday night and the place was packed!  In fact, we were the only people in the restaurant part for most of our meal.The food was good; fresh and not greasy at all.  Fairly standard fare for an upscale pub in the area though.  Pricey though.  $9.50 for chicken wings or chicken fingers?  That said, at midnight in this part of town, your options are somewhat limited and Remedy's absolutely hit the spot.The service was outstanding.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive to a fault, even though he was very very busy with tables in the bar as well.We plan on going back to try the bar as well.
4	It's a great looking bar inside.... exposed brick walls, lots of TV's, a couple of pool tables and lots of college-age people. It was a little smokey but if you're there to party, you probably won't mind.I can see getting pretty drunk here and stumbling home. Great local spot for people who live in the Seven Hills area.
3	Great place for late night drinking. Happened to be in the parking lot of the hotel I was confined to for 3 weeks.   Huge shots of Blackhaus, 3 pool tables, and friendly enough staff.  Can't think of a better place to throw back beers @ 4AM while playing Porno Picture hunt.  Did I mention huge shots of Blackhaus?Food is not bad either.
4	Nice little bar located on St. Rose and Seven Hills (Spencer) near Eastern.  There's plasma screens around, comfortable seating, and the bar's located in the middle.  Even though the place was really busy, the service was a lot better than I would have expected it to be with a packed crowd like that.  The food was pretty good too, but I have no idea how much it cost.  Drinks are fairly priced.  It's a nice little spot next to home, and surprisingly, a lot of people in their 20/30's there.  We all celebrated a friend's birthday there, and it was a great spot to pick.
1	If you like loud music and hearing even louder F-bombs being dropped then this is the place for you.Food is okay but bar service is poor. Pretty bad when you have to repeatedly ask for silverware and a drink.With all the other great places around, why waste your money here.
3	Make no mistake about this, this is a BAR. It's not a Bar & Grill or a Bar Restuarant. Yes, there is a sparse menu of very bar-y food (warmed up potato skins anyone?) but is a bar.That said, it succeeds as a very clean, friendly bar to hang out at. There are a good number of TVs (all HD) and plenty of nice seating. If you have ever been to a Timbers in the Vegas area, it is very similar (though not as large). One trait I find uniquely frustrating about Vegas local bars is the windows on the outside are fake (there is zero natural light inside) and the lighting provided is painfully low; it feels like closing time ALL the time.The happy hour is good and the beer is cold - just know what you're getting yourself into...it's BYOF (Bring Your Own Friends).
3	I went here for dinner tonight.  It seems like a good place to go to have a couple of drinks, but not the best place to go for a meal.  I don't need to have a server act like my new best friend, but the bartender could have been a little more friendly.  Anyway, I ordered the Reuben and I was quite unimpressed. The sweet potato fries were a nice option, though.  My fiancee ordered a Hawaiian Chicken Wrap, and it was juicy and fresh-tasting.  The prices are a little higher than a lot of the bar-restaurants in this city, and while the quantity of food served justifies the price, I would have enjoyed better quality.  I have driven by this place a lot of times, always wanting to stop in.  There was something about the look of the place.  I know, whatever.  Now that I have finally gone in, I think my mild obsession is over.
4	Remedy's is a great local bar.  It stays pretty busy til about 2am on weekdays, which is cool.  The bartenders are nice.  They have 3 pool tables.
5	Much better than expected!Restaurant only Review: The service here was outstanding, the menu loaded with terrific comfort food, the server helpful and friendly, the dining area clean and quiet and the seating extra comfortable with 7 roomy booths and 3 tables. Remedys is an over age 21 joint so there were no noisy kids, and no subtly trying to push things along to make room for the next customer like so most family restaurants have to do. The Chef's Chopped Cobb Salad  with its perfectly cooked applewood smoked bacon and grilled chicken was one of the best. The Turkey Club has mounds of chilled roasted sliced turkey and applewood smoked bacon is about 5 inches deep!  They served sweet potato fries with their very own maple sauce recipe that is out of this world!  Can hardly wait to come again everything was so good.
3	Remedy's could be special. However, the major problem with Remedy's it's a bar that wants to be considered more than a bar, but isn't.  The service is more of a Pt's/Sierra Gold type service than you would find at your traditional restaurant.  Overall, a good bar w/bar food and some nice TV's.
3	Remedy's is your average, down the street, neighboorhood watering hole. Food is consistent (when they are not changing the menu) and the happy hours are well.... Happy? LOL Other then being one of only a handful of bars that I can stumble home from, there is not much else to say.....Oh..... the evening/swing wait staff here are generally pretty cool and do try and remember what you drink if you come in enough. Granted, I have not been in awhile, so I am not sure if this still holds true.
5	Went here for lunch a few days ago - wife got a wrap and I had the chicken wings, order them hot which a good but got a side of the "nitro" sauce which was yummy! We also ordered the pretzel bite with the 2 mustards (sweet and a spicy) and cheese which was hands down one of the best appetizers on the menu.  There service was great, slow at first because it seemed to be busy for Friday at 1pm and the was working by herself :(. The beer was priced reasonably ($6.50 for a 25oz) and from the looks of it the happy hour menu looks awesome with half off food items and drinks. Beware this place is dark on the inside so if you come during the day, your eyes will have to adjust. This place over all was done really nice and the staff was really friendly. They do have an area where you can sit away from the bar that is closed up if you are not a smoker and want a smoke free dining experience (which is really nice). No kids but I know they are allowed in the dining area with an adult over 21.  I am looking forward to going to this place for happy hour!
3	Can't speak for the food here, but as a bar, this is just your run of the mill local bar. It looks like a PT's, but with a little nicer decoration. the security man at the door in all black checking ID's and the long draping velvet curtains over doorways makes me think this place wanted to be a club at some point, which actually takes away from some of the neighborhood bar feel. Staff was very nice and attentive, but on weekends these guys have a alot of bar to cover. seems they could use an extra bartender. It's saving grace is good pool tables, a decent jukebox and a great bar top trivia game.
2	I love this bar but the service is terrible. The cocktail servers are slow and forgetful. And the blonde bartender that works Sunday nights is, I don't know how to describe her. Uses cuss words worse then a trucker. Eats off customers plates and forgets about her other customers that hv nothing to eat with. Don't get me wrong, I cuss but not so vulgar. I eat, but not in front of my customers. :) again I do love this bar, I feel there jus needs to be a change In service ps i can bartend and my roomie can serve ;)
4	1/2 Price Lunch ... menu is 1/2 Price on TUESDAYS from 11am-2pmBeware when walking in from a sunny day... it's quite dark inside and it takes a few moments for your eyes to adjust.There is a restaurant (non-smoking) side and a bar (smoking) side.Started with the soup of the day - Spicy Chicken Tortilla.... really warmed me up with great spicy broth... not much chicken in it though... was mostly onions and peppers.Then had the fish tacos which were perfect for me.  I didn't want anything heavy or greasy... (I know... why go to a bar then) ... they were grilled white fish tacos and the taco shells were homemade too... so yummy!Will be going back again for sure.
4	Great service. Definately a local feel. Ask for "Steve". It is the "Cheers" of the Las Vegas and Henderson area.
4	If you are in the area this is a good place to meet a group of friends. The interior is nice and has pool tables, Golden Tee and Big Buck Hunter. There is a couch area and tables. Every time we went there seemed to be a fast turn around. The bar would be packed for a couple hours and then it clears out fairly quick. All of the staff is friendly and makes you feel welcome.
4	Great local gaming bar. Plenty of seating and pool tables if the machines take your money though. Just hit 4 Aces with the kicker a few nights ago and always get great service from Stevo. Separate restaurant for non smokers and a digital juke box makes Remedy's one of my favorite spots. Actually partied here on Christmas and they made a great ham with all the fixings.
3	Ive always enjoyed myself at Remedys. Copious amounts of seating and two pool tables with decent cues. I had one bad experience with a young bartender there but I think he has since left the place. Menu recently received a facelift and offers plenty of good selections. Recommended for those in the area, I wouldn't suggest driving across town for it though.
4	This is my go-to neighborhood bar. The bartenders are friendly, the beer is cold, the food is well above average, and the vibe / atmosphere works. Plus, there are plenty of TVs, pool, and Big Buck Hunter. It basically satisfies all of my typical bar needs.
4	I love this bar! The food is so good. I love their salads, sweet potato fries, and omg their avocado eggrolls are amazing. The bartenders are great and the drink prices are pretty standard. Definitely my favorite bar in Henderson
3	Pretty decent bar, with a few pool tables. Their best feature was the multiple coffee tables surrounded by 4 tall backed leather chairs. Very comfortable for a small to medium group to hang out and have a few drinks.Service was good, and prices were reasonable.
4	Okay, so it's not sometime around midnight on a Saturday night, and you're not somewhere on the strip, and you're not a tourist here to party like a rockstar....where to?This is a great place to kickback and really enjoy a few drinks in a solid local bar.  They have a decent beer selection and full bar.  Prices are reasonable.  I normally get apps (the chipotle chicken nachos are good), so I can't speak to the rest of the food, but I did spy a look at some passing burgers and they did look good!  The place is split between a smoking bar and non-smoking seating area, a smart setup which I really like.  There are some plush chairs setup in one corner which you should definitely grab if you see 'em available.  There are tv's everywhere, as well as pool tables and video gaming.  Oh, and they got this dim-lighting theme going on.  Finally, the servers were cool.
3	Pretty decent neighborhood bar.  I lived in DC/MD for a few years and my friend is from VA.  We asked about the Maryland crab cakes because when we saw them on the menu, we both thought "eek!"  They say the are flown in frozen, so no thanks.  The sliders looked tasty, but I went with the avocado eggrolls and I did not regret them.  While we were there for a chat and the lovely martinis, the food was surprisingly good.  I would have given it 4 stars if the service was better.  Sometimes, I think female waitresses in bars ignore women customers because they need to spend their time flirting with the guys who are drunk and giving better tips.
2	I feel horrible to give such a bad review, but I was not impressed with this bar at all. Unfortunately my experience has always been quite poor. Considering its location, its never really too busy, unless there is a sporting event on TV. The wait to get a drink is much too long, and I don't mind waiting 5-10 minutes to at least be asked "What can I get you?" After waiting for drinks, it was extremely difficult to get the attention of the bartenders, one of which was extremely rude. Unfortunately I will never be returning there, at least not until someone can really change my opinion and make me try again, but I have no intention to.
2	this place is ok if you want to gamble i went to play pool and drink.  All i have to say is that they need more servers or just servers that know what they are doing.
4	My favorite to smoke and drink close to home
4	Came here for the first time last night, I'm not going to lie I had a pretty good buzz going before I even showed up but everyone working was sooooo nice, friendly waitress, cool bar staff, nice door man. The bar was full so we grabbed a table and I got a Greek salad which was delicious,  we ordered a couple drinks and when a spot at the bar opened up we moved over. We had help from Stevo who helped us get a little more drunk and even offered to get us a ride home if we got too drunk.
3	Neighborhood "watering holes" as folks like to call them aren't typically my thing but considering Remedy's is conveniently located within reasonable walking distance from z casa, I take advantage of this venue from time to time.The bar is the focal point of the establishment (shocking, I know).  Next you have your standard pub tables and cheesy cigar lounge setup surrounding the bar complete with jukebox and pool tables off to the side.Drinks are average in price and average in potency, served in your typical rocks glass (which in dive bars around town would double as "shot" glasses, they're so small).  Service was stellar (thank you Kristal!) but other than that and the much appreciated minimal distance I have to travel (crawl) home after a night of debauchery, I wouldn't go out of my way to make regular trips to this establishment.It's your typical local's bar with a fancier motif and premier location on it's side.Nada special about it, but great spot for a "remedy" to a bad day ;)
5	I went in today for half price and the bar tender Chiara and the servers Lindsay Santana and mandi were amazing!! Great food and great service I well defiantly be back
4	Some of the best bar food ever!  About half the time the drinks are strong.. and  by strong i mean STRONG!  they use to have a string of girls that worked there that were terrible bartenders, and i refused to go there.  Finally gave the place another chance and found out that the old broads that worked there found employment elsewhere and had great service, hence the four stars.  If you would have asked me a month ago i would have rated waaaay lower!
3	I think they make one of the best burgers in Vegas. Great, relaxing atmosphere although perhaps a little too dark.My only problem is that after signing up and giving them my e-mail so I could receive promotions, I have never received anything! Not one. I think bar owners need to realize that we have so many choices. There's a bar on every corner in this town. Give me a reason to choose your bar over another. After that give me a reason to keep coming back!
5	Went here withco workers was soo worth it love the new yourk steak sandwich sooooo damn good makes my mouth water thing of it good people great food good prices on Tuesday during lunch also
4	Very relaxed and chill environment! The Beer was Cold! The wings were just ok! I would get the Buffalo strips they were good! The service was decent.. Its a good place for a Cold beer and a game of pool!
4	Stopped in mainly because we were hungry and it was close. The service was excellent. Our waitress was very friendly and prompt with everything. Had the best pretzel bites we've had any where in town and the salad, though nothing overly special was fresh and very good. The chicken sandwich was very tasty and it came exactly as I ordered it. Which knowing me can be some what of a challenge. We never felt rushed. Everything was perfectly timed. We will definitely come back when we're on this side of town again.
4	This place is quite nice actually. Went to grab a drink and some dinner and was pleasantly surprised.  Bartenders were attentive and friendly!  Food selection was surprisingly varied.  I've been on this 'eat healthy' kick and was able to get a side salad to start, plain grilled chicken, plain potato, and stemmed broccoli with red roasted peppers and garlic.  Played some video poker while I sat there and they comped our drinks!They have 3 billiard tables, a ton of tv's, a fireplace, had a jukebox that played the Beastie Boys and lots of bar and non-bar seating.
4	Cheap beer and drinks.  Draught beer is always fresh, especially their Bluemoon. Bar manager Steve-O is cool. Ambiance is not that of a typical bar; there is large leather couch seating, a one-of-a-kind digital juke box, touch-screen games for non-gamblers, and pool tables.  Food prices are reasonable; I recommend the pretzel bites.  There is a separate dine-in section for families with kids.
5	Nine different slider choices...yes! YOu get three meal-sized sliders and choice of fries for $8.99. You can only get the same three in one order, but if you get 6 of them for $14.99 then you can sample six. Philly Cheese and Blue Cheese/Onion sounded great, but the chicken parm. sliders were outstanding. The sauce is the first thing that hits you after taking a bite - it is zesty and then each slider has real mini-chicken parm sandwiches with cheese and large rolls. Best sliders I have found in this variety and then I ordered the Sweet potato fries and those were not so crispy, but sweet potato fries are usually a bit limp. After a slight delay, I received the maple Sour Cream dipping sauce, but despite being good, it needed more of a maple kick. Oh wait, the highlight of this meal was actually the clam chowder only served on Friday. This was crazy good as the New England born bartender had suggested this. The twist - bacon - yes a nice smoky bacon flavor with large potato chunks and clams of course. Bacon was surprising and it was a super large cup of soup.  Overall, everyone was super friendly and its mostly locals or hotel guests from hampton/wingate (short walk). Might be back tonite because after 4 years, this local bar ranks in the top three local bar food places.
3	Remedy's is a cozy little local bar on St. Rose with leather chairs, couches, booths and a bar. It's a bar, nothing new to really to review here, you can't really f*ck up a draft and a shot of Jack.This review is for their food and Remedy's allegedly contains the "best" nachos in the city according to my friend. Needless to say my friend's food card has been temporarily revoked. The chipotle chicken nachos are just alright maybe a C+, actually no a C- because I did not even finish them. The salsa was good and the chicken had a decent spice to it but I felt like I had just ordered bean and cheese on chips. These in no way shape or form are better than going up the street and getting Half Shell's nachos, waaayyy better. On a positive note, the fajitas and the Clam Chowder was actually pretty good, kind of spicy and bacon-y (is that even a word? It is now), pretty delicious, however this doesn't fit in line of my diet consisting of Jack Daniels and nachos. So Remedy's you're only half way on my radar.
4	When I think of the word Remedy I think of the a resolution to a problem, or a cure to a sickness. Not Large glasses of Ice cold beverages and delicious Burgers or fish tacos. So with that said, this place is definitely the Remedy to at least one thing... The need for a great plate of food and cold drinks. This is definitely more of a locals joint since it does sit pretty far off the beaten path when it comes to those that are coming into town to go hang out in the human fish bowl AKA the strip. A group of friends decided to go out and before heading over to the KISS golf we hit up Remedy's. Walking in you come into a dark room and it is like the create your own story situations. Go right you end up in a dining room. Go left and you enter the land of enjoyment... Okay that is quite a bit overboard. When you go left you end up in the bar. This is not your average bar. they offer bar seating, tall table seating around the outside perimeter and more of a living room type setting with comfy chairs and small tables perfect for hanging out with that "someone" you would like to have a more intimate conversation with. Okay, again, that may be a little overboard. It is a bar, not a romantic setting so that intimate conversation may have to wait. Overall the decor and atmosphere of this place is nicer than your average bar here in town and in my opinion takes PT's in a fight hands down. Now lets talk about the service for a moment, our initial server came to the table to help us and she was great, outspoken and easily adjusted to all the personalities at our table. Now here is where I think they need to rethink the hiring. Our server let us know that she was helping to train a new girl and the new girl is one of the owners friends. That alone should have been a red flag. The "new Girl" came to the table with our waters, didn't say one word and set one of the water glasses on the ledge of the 2 tables that had been put together and spilled it everywhere and instead of grabbing a towel or something she looks at all of us and says, "OMG are you guys already drunk......" Now, let me start off by saying, if we had been drunk I don't know that I would have appreciated her trying to call someone out like that and second take the blame for your mistake. Once the other waitress came back and apologized we moved on with the meal. Take a second and picture yourself sitting at a bar with your friends and they have some great rock music playing the atmosphere is just right and then the new girl comes to bring you your food and everyone is joking and have a good time and one of the guys at the table makes a comment about the fact that AHA's Take on me just came on the jukebox so he says," wow this song sucks" and the New Server of the establishment you are eating at looks at you and says... " Whatever" and turns and walks off. Hmmm, someone new to the service industry?? Unfortunately you wont make it very long in a bar atmosphere with that attitude. Needless to say, the service from all of the other servers was great, they had awesome personalities and were very friendly but the owners friend/new girl is going to need to work on a few things... Okay quite a few things.The Food was hands down better than the standard bar food I have had around town. The BBQ Burger was awesome and the fish tacos were spot on. I can not say anything negative about the food, especially since the appetizers, meal and drinks were all spot on. Basically to sum up my experience at Remedy's I would say that the food was great, the original server and one other server were awesome and the new girl was a complete downer. I would go back but I would also make sure to sit in another section to hopefully not be served or not served by the server we dealt with.
3	I'm little on the fence with this place. It has an awesome lounge and is pretty much like a PTs. (I like PTS more) This place seems a little upscale but no worry's you will fit in!! I did!! We started our night here, and had two servers! What more can you ask for with service?!?! but wait maybe I jumped a little to fast because one of the servers was in training and a kid you not she split one of our beers as she was placing it on the table and then looked at us and blamed us. I couldn't believe it.  The other server was pretty cool thought she made a few good jokes about it and cleaned it up and really made us feel at home.The food was great, the drinks were cheap the service has its ups and downs. This is a cool place to check out but I would rather go to PTs and shoot some darts and play some pool!
3	Good place to eat and have a few beers.  Best Calamari.
4	Ohhhh yes I like me some bar food wings. Bartenders are all hot too kinda like the wings. I got great service and good food. Their menu has some cool stuff I would like to try too. It is a regular gaming bar but I like the contemporary modern music. It is dark in there but upbeat.  The average age is a younger crowd from what I saw. No complaints and no issues here!
4	I've only been once, so far, but it won't be my last trip. I greatly enjoyed the appetizers that I tried; I look forward to checking out dinner there.
3	I used to frequent Remedy's nearly every weekend to either play pool or Buck Hunter, but the last time I went in there with another girlfriend after we got off work at 2am, we felt completely harassed by some drunk jerks who couldn't take no for an answer. All we wanted was to eat our food at the bar in peace, but these guys were just relentless. The bartender failed to do anything to help, which left a really bad taste.  We ended up having to box our food up and leaving.  Anyway, they got rid of Buck Hunter, which is BS!! Because it is the BEST game in the entire world!!! LOL.  I do like the food a lot.  The cobb salad is delicious!  But sadly, the crowd is hit or miss, and now with no Buck Hunter, there's really no reason to go.
2	Boyfriend and I used to go in here for the great drinks and food but lately we have been getting horrible customer service and staff was not very friendly till we started flashing money. I understand you work for tips but we shouldn't have to throw you money just to get a refill.
3	I like Remedy's, but don't love it. The pros:* Surprisingly great food.* Nearby ;)* Comfortable seatingThe only real con is that the service, although friendly, can be slow at times, and sometimes forgetful. Several times I have ordered a drink and waited and waited and finally had to go hunt the waitress down only to discover that she forgot my order. And the place is not that busy!
4	As far as local neighborhood bars go, Remedy's is my spot. It does not craft a truly unique cocktail or offer a wide selection of specialty beers, but it is the bar everyone in the group could find refuge in.The food is solid. The seared ahi salad is a light fare for those who are not too hungry. The chicken sandwich with avocado and bacon was the surprise hit. It is a filling sandwich that does not leave you feeling sick. The grilled chicken is a nice option in a world where frying things up is the easy and quick solution. The warm pretzels are too heavily salted and the sauces are nothing special. Save room for the bread pudding, because it is worth it. For less than $5, this giant slab of baked custard goodness is enough to share.The surprise of the night was how cheap the martinis are. A lemon drop was $7 and an espresso was only $6. They did not taste like rubbing alcohol, so that only added to the astonishment.
3	Had a nice several rounds of drinks here and really enjoyed the atmosphere and especially the friendly service.  Smoke was a little thick (they could probably use a better smoke eater system), drink prices were reasonable and the food was tasty (especially the pretzel bites).  The only real downer was the sour-puss bouncer at the door.  I am not a kid, and don't like to walk in a place with someone scowling at me who was not only evil-eyeing my wife and I , but was rude as well. Maybe they get trouble makers and like to send a message, but I felt it was inappropriate.  Over all though a nice bar with nice people.
1	Don't waste your time here, the attitude isn't worth it -- Head to T-Bird's just down the street. Super friendly, extremely accommodating and they even have little speaker boxes so you can hear the game you're watching. YOU WILL NOT GET THIS SERVICE OR FRIENDLINESS AT REMEDY'S. The guy working at Remedy's, the owner? Absolute tool. The ladies working as servers and bartenders? Completely clueless. Came here to watch a March Madness game with a party of four, looking for the game, drinks, and maybe some snacks. What we got was incompetence and douchebaggery. We wanted a margarita pitcher, which they don't have. That's fine, maybe our server could have suggested something else, or tried to accommodate us? Our next question was whether we could get sound for the game, instead of what the jukebox was playing - 90s crap, which under the right circumstances, is great. But this is a sports bar, not a karaoke joint or nostalgia diner or what have you. After all, the handful of people at the bar were all watching the same game. No, you don't want to? Ok, can we get subtitles maybe? No? Alright, we will just sit close to the TV in the lounge section. What's that? You have a party coming in an hour and don't want us to sit in that area for the hour that they aren't using the seats? Fine. We'll take our business elsewhere.
5	We had take out from Remedy's almost every nite for one week while staying at the Hampton Inn with our dogs.  We had salads, hamburgers, sandwiches and full plate meals.  Take out service is fast and this food is really good!  It almost took the pain out moving!
3	Okay, I go to remedies all the time because I work in the same shopping center. Because we are in the same shopping center they used to give us an employee discount. Now they don't. We don't get any discounts .We get charged full price, after four years of not paying full price which kind of pissed me off. Besides that points the food is actually fresh and tastes great. My main complaint is that they always always mess up my order. For example on the menu the chicken breast dinner comes with Dijon cream sauce, roasted potatoes and asparagus. Yet I always seem to get broccoli and bell peppers for my side instead of asparagus. So when I order I specifically asked for the asparagus not the broccoli. But I still seem to get the broccoli. Doesn't make any sense to me. Also on multiple occasions I haven't even Received my entire order when I order to go. Obviously remedies can improve in many ways. All in all it's not too shabby for bar food.
5	Excellent spinach dip and their salsa is grand. Clean and friendly.  It's a younger atmosphere than most local gaming bars in the area. The menu is a bit better than the usual local bar food menu.
4	Remedy's is a very friendly  bar / restaurant. My first time there the bartenders made sure to introduce themselves and make me feel comfortable. The food is great, the machines are fair and the atmosphere is friendly . Most importantly the smoke I rarely notice.
4	The bar and atmosphere are nice, has a nice lounge area, but the drink and food prices are a bit steep for a stand-alone bar. I have been there a few times due to a friend living in close proximiy to this place, but there isn't really anything going on (happy hour/drink specials) to get you in the door.
4	This place is a cool place to have drinks and finger foods.  Beer is Cold and Avocado Eggrolls are Awesome!   I    My group of friends like it because it has a nice mix of people, old and young and servers are nice and stay up on the hospitality.  Good Drink, Good Food and Good Prices!
5	I never sit at the bar and the service is always great. Love the friendly waitresses!  Food is always my go to when I can't figure out where to go.  Love this place.  Other than the smokey smell (to be expected - it is a bar), it's a winner in my book!
4	Clean and friendly. The avocado egg rolls are awesome. It is my kind of neighborhood bar. It is a nice place to go and enjoy so cold beer and great food.
2	Came here for breakfast. Pancakes, eggs, hash browns, sausage, and toast. Overall pretty weak.The pancakes were tough and dense, eggs were cold, sausage was generic grocery store patties. The hash browns weren't bad, a little too greasy and not crisp enough, but not terrible. The toast was fantastic though! The atmosphere isn't bad, the staff was friendly enough. 2 1/2 stars overall.
4	The bar and restaurant are separated which is nice for the heavy smokiness of the bar but leaves the breathable area to be a little on the sterile and boring side... A "haha you're not invited to the party kind of feel," but the service is great and for one of our 24/7 spots, there's much more variety and healthier options than the typical bar menu so they are a step above in my book.
3	This place was cool. We got here late night and played some pool. Ordered some food that was above par for bar food. Bartenders were cute and friendly. Weird thing was that even though it wasn't very busy there were no less than 3 hookers at the bar. This doesn't really bug me as I'm pro sex worker,  but it definitely reminded me that yes, indeed I was in Vegas.
4	Pretty good salsa and I think it's fresh too. The spinach dip is great and so are their salads. I've had every salad and I like them all. Everything is really tasty. It seems pretty clean and the service is ok. The bartenders tend to be a bit slow and if you aren't a gamer at the bar,  you may get ignored.  If the service was better I would give it a 5 star. To be honest, the 4 stars is generous considering the poor consistent service by the bartenders.  I'll keep going for food but I just automatically expect to have to wait... wait... or be ignored.
3	Back on this side of town we decided to stop again and have a beer and some food. The food was great but the service left something to be desired. Our appetizer never showed up, no sign of our waitress and missing some condiments for our table. I would understand if the place was busy but for a Sunday night it wasn't that full. Oh we'll, at least I enjoyed the food I did get.
5	Bar food... More like restaurant quality food for a more than reasonable price. Quick service, nice bar staff, machines if you want to drink, smoke and relax. Really clean and updated restroom. The female staff members are quite cute too.
4	We stopped in here looking for a new place to hang out with our move. Its really not very smoky on the bar which is nice. The bartender we had was great (chad I think).  The other guy who took our empty glasses and didn't bother asking if we wanted another drink was another story.  Didn't have food on this visit but those arounfd us who did...the food looked great.  Please work on consistent service. This would be a convenient local bar! !!
5	Friendly staff and AMAZING crab cakes. I try to have a favorite bartender at each location. Here, bar none, Chad makes every visit memorable!!!!
5	Best bar food in the Henderson area! All the food is delicious: mozzarella sticks, mashed potato bites, pretzel bites, meatballs, sliders, French dip, nachos, wings, club sandwich, Remedy's chicken sandwich, burgers, steak and eggs... everything we've tried has been delicious :-)Emily and Janna are excellent servers...hang out in the high back chairs over by the tvs to catch them
4	Nice bar, casual atmosphere. We cuddled on the couch by the fireplace and had a few cocktails.  I felt like I was in my living room at home. Our server was friendly & checked on us often. Definitely will go back!
4	I haven't been to Remedy's in sometime.  It used to be my favorite locals bar till I moved across town, but easily remembered why I kept coming back time and time again.  The atmosphere is great and comfortable.  We picked the couches next to the fireplace and felt like I was in my own living room, except for the friendly waitress which was always attentive and checking on us.  I am looking forward to returning when I'm on that side of town again.
3	Bad service. Small portion on my eggs, toast was burnt. When you butter the toast you see you're serving burnt toast. I had hoped for a good experience. My wife's slider was good but it shows how bad service makes or breaks an experience
5	I don't even know where to start with this place, everything I have tried is amazing. I love the mashed potatoes bites and pretzel bites they are amazing. They have the most amazing food and the atmosphere of the restaurant is upbeat and amazing. I love how the bar area is also a gaming room as well. You can sit in a chair and enjoy your glass of wine or play a game of pool. The drinks are the best as well. I love coming here for Happy Hour as well. Very decent prices and amazing food. I will be coming back for sure and recommend this place to anyone.
1	You should go here if you want a smoky loud bar with a mediocre menu, full of drunken forty something's and skewing heavily toward sausage party.  I've gone here at least a dozen times because a couple friends like it, but I would rather spend my money elsewhere.  Also don't put money in the juke box.  The bartenders will skip your music.  Unless it's crap like Linkin park and nickelback.
5	Sitting down to lunch right now. Not busy, which I like and service is pretty good. Ordered a Philly steak sandwich and sweet potato fries. Large portions and totally got my moneys worth. I am so glad this is near me, the food is great!
3	I was hesitant checking out this place considering all the not so good reviews. I am very glad we decided to check it out despite what I read. It is within walking distance to our new place. You walk in and the atmosphere is dark, there is a bar off to the left and a non smoking seating area back to the right. First thing we notice is it is seat yourself! Love it. It didn't take long for someone to come and ask us what we wanted to drink. A few minutes later, someone else asks us if she can take our drink order. Such service! First thing we notice is the soda is properly carbonated. We had a huge issue with this back in California. Soda  was not properly carbonated around LA and we were annoyed. Started out with an order of pretzel bites with nacho cheese, and two types of mustard. Both mustard's were tangy and good. The pretzel bites were nice and soft, warm and full of buttery goodness. I ordered the Atlantic Salmon with rice pilaf and asparagus. My husband ordered the country fried chicken sliders with fries. We both chose the house salad. The salad came out and they were massive and so fresh! So far, I don't see why people don't find this place top notch! The portions are all great sizes. All of my meal was so good. The salmon just flaked and was smothered in a delicious butter cream sauce. The asparagus and rice pilaf both had amazing flavor as well. My husband said that the sliders were equally as amazing.Then, just when you think we would be full after all of this amazing food, we go for it. We just had to try the rice pudding dessert, and we were so glad we did. It was so warm and soft. Covered with little pecans, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and maple syrup of some sort. Melt in your mouth delectable!I read that some people complained about the service being slow, but we had absolutely no issues. Me and my husband enjoy going places to eat where we aren't bothered by the wait staff every two minutes. Very happy with everything at this place so far, and it is so close to home, I know we will be back.
1	Walked in and it was bad service already! I sat at bar with some friends. Bartender was rude, asked for a Jameson and ginger ale when he gives it to me it spills everywhere. No consideration! I guess this bartender name is Ryan he looks like complete tool with a girl attitude. As I sip on my drink I notice it taste like straight ginger ale! Didn't want to say anything, because I thought I could just order another one from a different bartender. But it was only one bartender that night. Decide to go sit at a table order wings and country fried steak sliders. 3/10 My girlfriend orders me another drink she comes back with jack Daniels and ginger ale. I let the bartender know, I wanted a Jameson and he gives me a attitude. I tell him that the last drink he gives me tasted like straight ginger ale. He doesn't do anything and hands me my drink. I take it and it was tasted the same way!!! I go back to my table and watched him pour other drinks, this bartender gives everyone a teaspoon of liquor!!  I'm done at this point, ask for my check and just leave! I rather go to PTs where they have happy hour and they pour my drinks right! Never again!
5	This place was awesome! We were staying in Las Vegas and yelped what was good in the area and boom.... we came here on our stay TWICE !!!!
3	I only had beers here.  It seemed that this is the place to go if you like to smoke while you drink.  Pool tables. Mixed crowd. No frills place. Reminded me of a strip club with no strippers!  Not sure what other happening bars there are on that side of town.
3	Good local place. Beer was nice, cold and cheap. Food was mediocre,  decent bar food. Service was nice and fast.
1	This joke of a place that likes to call itself a "local bar" is a piece of S*** sat at a table for a good ten minutes with not even a head turn from the staff. Then we'd decided the bar for better luck with no avail as well, we as locals love hanging out at a place where we live close by and would be regular customers...this place just lost a handful of new/returning customers.
5	A great place to bring friends and family to have a smooth vibe ! I go once every couple days and this visit has been my 4th time I promised my self to leave a review
4	Looks like a standard vegas dim neighborhood bar. Only stopped in to pick up food but there were some bro looking guys hanging around and I saw some lifted trucks parked outside so I will definitely be back to drink. The girls working were very kind and smiley and got me out of there quickly. I wasn't too happy with the turkey burger which was running dry. Four stars for their nachos alone! Chipotle chicken nachos are bomb. Massive portion of deliciously juicy chicken and all your nacho trimmings like pico de gallo and cheese. What makes these stand out is the sprinkle of cotija cheese, which has a sharp taste and is pretty much a mexican version of feta. Only thing that I would suggest to make these better is to add more cotija, and to layer the toppings so you don't end up with a load of empty chips.
5	Always a great experience! Staff very friendly and good food! Not only "bar" food. Salmon is always great!
5	This bar is awesome. It feels like walking in to a bar filled with my best friends. The waitstaff and bartenders are so friendly and quick to greet you. I went here to gamble a few dollars (after the rude bartender, Carla, at The Bar on St Rose suggested we should leave and go here if we were only gambling a small amount and wanted free drinks) and I'm sure glad we took her suggestion. We ended up winning, and staying here all night.  Great drinks, great prices, wonderful staff. I'd highly recommend this place over any other bar in the neighborhood.
4	This is a friendly neighborhood bar.  The service is good and the food is tasty.  I took my sons there to eat and we enjoyed the experience.  One is 21 and the other is younger, so sitting on the dining room side was pleasant.  I enjoy the appetizers and always a good go to when I want a late night snack. Even a nice place to have breakfast or any other meal.I will be back and I know my kids will like to join me again.
4	Just had dinner there with my wife.   I got the New York steak.  It was nicely seasoned an cooked a perfect medium rare.  The menu sates it is usda choice and by the tenderness I am sure it was.  My wife had chicken parmesian.  Both come with salads and portions are generous.  Bill including two beers was $37.00.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	Very fun and social. Cajun wrap is so good!! It actually has a kick. And the cure burger is so tasty!
3	This is a local neighborhood bar.  Super low key and relax.... the inside is dim and full of tv's for sports watching.  The service is good and the food is tasty, and best of all they have beer and cocktails!
5	Always go to this bar, close to my house. Awesome Bartenders. Jackie is amazing & Fun! Machines always hit. Very fun enviornment. You can choose your own music. Highly recommend!
5	I live right up the street & we decided to stop in last night.  My friend played video blackjack and she had a drink & I had 2 drinks and the kind bartenders took care of my drinks even though I wasn't playing.They have a great menu although we had already eaten so we didn't try anything but we will definitely be back to try their food.  The service was good and they signed my friend up for their players card and she got $20 freeplay which is much more than you'd get most places!It's a fun environment with a great location!
4	Atmosphere is nice and very good place to grab a bite to eat. The service was good and wasn't too crowded for a long wait. This is one of the better sports bar's I've been to and definitely will be back for my business.
5	This bar is owned by my neighbor Steve and we come in every Thursday night for the wholesome food and friendly service.
5	This place has great ambiance, attentive staff, and delicious food. Our first trip to Remedy's we sat on the bar side. Very comfortable seating and lots of TVs for all the sports action. Our second trip we sat on the restaurant side. Again, just as comfortable and staff were equally great.
5	I've been here a few times so far and I'm going to keep coming back.  I really love the section that has high back lounge chairs.  It's so nice coming here, relaxing and watching the game. The waitresses are great; very friendly and keep checking in to see if you need anything.  I love happy hours and this place doesn't disappoint. You can't beat the $2 wells at The Bar, but they don't have food on their happy hour menu.  Here is a rundown of Remedy's happy hour:It's everyday, twice a day; 3-6am & pmDrink SpecialsAll Just $3.00Well Drinks16oz Domestic DraftDomestic BottleFood SpecialsChips and Salsa $1.99Bruschetta $2.99Crispy Battered Artichokes $3.99Cheeseburger Sliders $4.99Deep Fried Mushrooms $4.99Buffalo Chicken Sliders $4.99Chili Cheese Fries $4.99The food at Remedy's is great. I've also been here for dinner and their sandwiches were amazing. I really like that you get to choose your side; the sweet potato fries are awesome.Another bonus is the fact that they have a loyalty program. You get 1 point for every $1 you spend.  You can then use 100 points to get $10 off your meal. What a great deal.  Last time I was there, the waitress told me they would be doing special promotions during football season.  I can't wait.
5	Great bar, super awesome staff!. The food is great too.  You gotta try the mashed potato bites! Steavo is the man! We literarly come here every Friday now!
4	Solid bar w above average food and a wide variety of seating. The pool tables are always a fun option and you gotta love the 24/7. Great place to catch a nightcap before heading home. I give it my blessing!
2	Nice bartender. He was apologetic for the slow food service and wound up comping one of our burgers since I let him now how displeased I was with the preparation of my food. I've been to remedy's before and I remember the food being mediocre. Since it was late, and it's one of the local bars near home I decided to give it another shot. MISTAKE. My experience was worse than before. My boyfriend and I ordered burgers (medium and medium well) that took 40 MINUTES to come out, and they were both BURNT... like literally CHARRED. I should have taken a pic. I was so hungry and I still couldn't even finish. One of the worst meals I've had, and I eat out A LOT.
4	I have been coming here for awhile now but won't be coming back until they fix some of their staff. Back in April I had one server a few times who just doesn't get it! I had slow service and wrong food orders. I guess she was new. I had a few friends who had her recently and experienced the same issues. The only good things for Remedy's is that there's decent food and location.
3	Decent food. Clean and nice inside.
4	This place might be what the doctor ordered, if you needed an extra dose of second-hand smoke. Look, it's Vegas and you can pretty much smoke and drink anywhere I get it, but some places really need to invest in an air filtration system. Turns out, Remedy's is one of those places. Super smokey, almost overpowering. I came here for a mellow night out with a few friends, some pool, and a couple of cocktails. The drinks were stiff and the apps were ok; I ordered the chicken quesadilla, loaded with chicken, lots of cheese, and spicy peppers. This was pretty big for an appetizer and a little above par by bar food standards. The drinks, like said were stiff, but pretty standard and reasonably priced. I do have to say that the bartender (totally forgot his name) was awesome and super friendly. At first he looked at me funny, you know one of those,"I have never seen you here before" looks. He then introduced himself, shook my hand, and bought me a shot. He then proceeded to do this two more times throughout the night. For this reason alone, Remedy's earned an extra star. FOR THE RECORD - I never once stated what I do for a living. This dude was just plain old awesome. If you know this bartenders name, message me, like to give props when props are due. Good place to have a few and keep it mellow.
2	Slow food service, greasy bar food, but the mixed drinks are a savior to avoid the single star. Cheap drinks, bring in a less than respectful crowd at times, muscle and meat crowd. Do not wear clothes you are not ready to discard in the garage and wash as the smoke is heavy, and be ready for a shower or the smell transfers to the sheets. My wife refuses to go in, as her long hair traps all. The guys and I are good on the happy hour, mainly for cost sometimes, but a good look around would contradict the reviews that say it is "clean".  Exlir and Distil, owned by same group, are definitely a step up from the original Remedy's. I would say good for a couple post work drinks, not lengthy stays, and places around the same area are much better on food, all drinks, atmosphere and sports watching.
5	One of the friendly bars in our area.  Steveo is the best and Melissa and Jackie are fun bartenders and so friendly.  All are multi-tasked persons, taking drink orders, paying out jackpots, getting food orders, and talking to customers.
4	Food is really good and they serve an extensive menu without any omissions after a certain hour which to me is amazing.All the food servers and the waitresses are incredibly friendly and sweet.
2	Went in and the place looked good. Took about ten mins to get table service. We ordered door and drinks. The drinks were good but the food was overlooked. The waitress comped our order but our first time was our last Probobly
4	I got the Texas sliders with sweet potato sides and they were really good! I assume my friends like their food too when almost all of them ate all of it. But service was not that great. We had to wait for 15 mins to get service, maybe because it was at 12 am but the bar on the other side was busy. So no excuses.
4	Love them video poker machines....  My husband feels lucky here. Always a winner...  Even if we break even, we are ahead. And loads of TV screens nothing but sports. Good bar food....  Great staff...  And love the fact it's in our neighborhood, just a few blocks away from our front door
5	My husband and I will always choose remedys when in need of a nice relaxed night at a bar. They have the best bar food of any bar I've gone to. It's all very reasonably priced as well. I've never had a disappointing menu item. I highly recommend the street tacos, pickle straws, or avocado rolls. Always a very friendly staff and the owner always goes out of his way to make sure everyone is having a good time. It can get pretty crowded on the weekends but they manage the rush really well and always make sure you're taken care of, regardless of how busy they are.
4	Stopped in to meet some friends, have not been here in a while.  We had some drinks and ordered some food.  The wings are awesome, very tasty and not vinegary at all.  The mushrooms on the appetizer menu were some of the best we have had.  I had the western burger and it was really good.The place was crowded but in the few times I have been there I have never seen this place not crowded.It was a little smokey so the ventilation system could use some work, but the tv's all around the bar and on the walls made watching ESPN and whatever sports was on a cinch to watch.  It was a good atmosphere with good people, Jackie S. our server was AWESEOME.  She was very friendly and accommodating and even the manager came over and added another table for us so we would not be so crowded.  I would definitely go back for the food, the atmosphere and the friendliness especially if Jackie is there as she was awesome.  Good service with a smile is hard to find and she is the entire package.
5	Bartenders are always nice and always take care of you. They are always on top of their game so you will always have a new drink in front of you or some food. The food is pretty good there and I love how they dress up the place for holidays. From what i've seen they know how to react with drunk people and they handle it professionally not yelling back at you and taking things personally. It tells you a lot about how they handle themselves under those circumstances. I live near so I love that place ! great atmosphere & I see people win in the machines all the time when is it going to be my turn ?! lol
