2	The casual buffet at Cafe Lago in Caesar's Place is nothing special. For $22 you can get a variety of mediocre food. The desserts are decent, but everything else is disappointing or at best unremarkable. At least the decor is decent, and the live piano was a nice touch.
5	I agree with Ellie...the food is nothing to write home about, however for an additional $10 you can have all you can drink champagne. I am a huge fan! The atmosphere was very mellow and the cheesy piano man really made my day! I left very happy, a little tipsy and ready to hit up the forum shops! :)
3	Vegas isn't really my cup of tea, except that in Vegas you could probably get a 3 foot cup of piping hot tea with sparkles, glitter and sugar cubes in the shape of boobies or certain lascivious Roman gods. And then it would totally be my cup of tea. Anyway, Cafe Lago was a lot of style and not a whole lotta substance. We arrived fairly late, around 9, actually, so we assumed that the buffet was depleted because of the hour, but it sounds like there just isn't a whole lot to begin with. They did have shrimp cocktail, so I wasn't complaining. They also had these absolutely gigantic figs at the salad bar. They were seriously the size of apples and really quite delicious. I think my mom had three! The service wasn't very good. Our server's shift ended about 30 minutes into our meal and he asked us to pay our bill then. We did, tipped him, and then realized that we didn't get a receipt. So should we tip the new server, too? It still isn't clear to me whether or not she was expecting a tip, but we (are cheap asses) and decided that at a buffet, there is no reason to tip twice. All in all, it was a fun time and probably something you want to do if it's your first time in Vegas (it was for me), but it's not Cafe Lago you're going for, it's the experience of a buffet in Vegas.
3	It was late afternoon and we had to eat!  We had plans for a dinnertime buffet at Bellagio, but everyone knows you can't go into a buffet on a completely empty stomach!  (Your stomach shrinks down for some reason!)We figure a quick bite at Cafe Lago would suffice.  What a mistake.  First off, the service was damn slow.  Sure, it was the in between time of lunch and dinner, but we waited forever for our waiter so we could order.I remember ordering a portabello mushroom panini sandwich.  It was a very generous portion and it came with a side salad.  Starving as a I was, I ate the whole damn thing.  Big mistake...I was never going to make it to the Bellagio buffet now!  It was a pretty good sandwich I remember, although I can't remember what kind or anything.But service was slow, and I can attest to that only.  Most people dine here for their buffet, as you can see...that wasn't our case here.Note to self: Do not order a meal before going to a buffet in less than two hours.  Not going to happen.  Eat a damn granola bar or something, shute!
2	Wanted a brunch/buffet type Sunday and we hadn't hit Caesar's yet so decided to give it a go.  Oh cool, the line's not so long, shouldn't take long.  Took them like half an hour to go through 20 people, at a buffet ...The service was also slow once we got in.  Waitress brought our drinks and then we pretty much didn't see her again until two plates later and we asked for the bill.  At that point she asks my friend if he wants a refill (after we asked for the bill and when his cup's been empty since like halfway through the first plate) and looks at him like he's crazy when he says no.The buffet is pretty limited, and they don't even put out scrambled eggs.  It's nice that you can have eggs and omelets cooked to order but not when that's the ONLY way you can have eggs and you have to wait like 10-15 minutes.  Admittedly the salmon and cream cheese omelet was pretty good.  They also had ham and skirt steak and some other carved meats, ribs, crab legs (though those were gone and not refilled).Definitely didn't seem worth it for the price.
4	My wedding reception was held at Cafe Lago and was great, not perfect.  The buffet had great selections and the food was good, but not the best buffet in Vegas (try Cravings at the Mirage).  The waiters for our party were very attentive and great considering our guests had large drink orders, comprised of martinis and shots that were unheard of in Vegas.  If you plan to have your reception here: 1.   Make sure ahead of time that they understand the table arrangements.  Unfortunately we had our rowdy friends table placed next to older relatives table, rather than on the other side of the room as planned.2.  Coordinate with a family member or friend to let the tables know when they can go up to the buffet.  A little tacky that I had to be the one to do it, but no one really noticed, it's just me being Bridezilla.3.  They don't have center pieces.4.  You can't hear the pianist, so check if you can have your own music.5.  We opted to let our friends order whatever drinks they wanted rather than the Champagne brunch + drinks.  It saved us about $400.
1	We only ended up coming here after hitting up Paris and seeing the line snake around the corner which meant we would not be eating for at least an hour. Mind you, the time was 10:40 AM on a Sunday. This joint gets a single star because my experience at the Bellagio buffet the day before completely trumps this place. I got an egg white omelete at both places and the chef at Bellagio does it better and much faster. Okay so I may have a slight bias for Bellagio but can you blame me. The buffet line was nonexistent and learn from my mistake, as no line = crappy buffet. The price was the same as what I paid at Bellagio the day before. My buddy who literally can shut a buffet joint down only had two plates. You don't get your money back on two plates. Avoid this like the plague and check out the other buffet joints in Vegas.
1	This place pretty much sucks.  1.  They lied about when breakfast was served.2.  There was only about 20 dishes, so no variety.3.  With number 2 in mind, I paid $18, which isn't worth it.You're better off eating at MGM Grand's Buffet or the Rio, where it does cost a little bit more, but you get more for your money.Don't eat here.  Oh yeah, the server was rude as well.
3	Everyone always raves about the overpriced buffets in Las Vegas but somehow, I don't see it.  We arrived for brunch which cost about $25 a pop...$35 if you wanted all you can drink momosas.  The best item I tasted was probably the garlic herb chicken which was hidden at the end of the buffet line.  The orange chicken was dry.  I think Panda Express makes better orange chicken.  The potatoes were also decent.  Everything else was subpar.  I'm not a picky eater either so that's saying a lot.  I'll have to try some other buffets because this one just didn't do much for me.
4	Beautiful setting for a great breakfast buffet.  The restaurant has floor-to-ceiling windows looking out to the Caesar's pool.  We had excellent service from a very attentive and friendly waiter.  Never had to ask for a refill on anything, and when we did have to ask for condiments, he brought us more than enough.  They had the best omelette station, definitely worth waiting for.  Huge portions and perfectly cooked.  I agree with the first review about there not being that many dishes for a buffet...but everything was fresh and the hot foods were hot and not overcooked.  Every coupon book you get for signing up for casino rewards cards has a $5 off coupon, making your Cafe Lago meal a steal.
2	A total waste of $23 for Sunday brunch. That is what I get for being too lazy to venture farther from the conference center. The food was good but not great and there weren't many dishes to choose from. The service was just adequate.
4	Cafe Lago rules!I don't know what the other reviewers experienced, but the food selection was awesome and the servers nice and efficient.  The salmon was consistently good and the fruit served in the morning was astonishing--especially the berries.I was here every morning for breakfast--I'll be back!
4	The food was excellent, if nothing mind shattering.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was attentive.  Maybe cost a little bit more then other Vegas buffets, but the food was good so it's not much of a complaint.
4	I sometimes wonder if previous Yelpers ate at a different restaurant than the one we ate at.  Yes, we will agree that the selection is smaller than some of the giant buffets at places like Mandalay Bay and Paris, but the quality is MUCH, MUCH better.Let's talk mashed potatoes.  Pretty standard, right?  Wrong.  In most places they just offer flaked potatoes made with water.  Pretty runny.  These mashed potatoes are are real potatoes mashed with butter and cream.  Even better with the real bacon bits offered on the side.  And this is only the beginning for really good and unusual vegetable dishes.  Creamed celery root anyone?  No?  Then you missed a wonderful vegetable dish.  You probably missed the brussel sprouts and red peppers that my husband had three servings of.  I was scarfing down the creamy, anchovy Caesar salad and the wonderful, wonderful bread.  I swear this is the best bread in Las Vegas.  We tried the pretzel rolls, the olive foccacia, the cibbatta, and the to die for multigrain, nut, and dried fruit bread.  I also had some fine pork roast stuffed with herbs and cranberries.  My husband had a great prime rib -- tasted like real beef (NOT watery) and was tender, tender, tender.And the service was GREAT.  There is my husband wailing away on his stuffed lobster with a knive, when a chef hustled over and asked if he had killed it yet.  We laughed and then the chef gave my husband a lobster cracker.  It was probably on the buffet all along, but my husband never saw it.I told my husband to save room for dessert, but he was having a hard time stopping with the regular offerings.  I had three small desserts -- a multi-layer pistachio cake, a crisp cookie with five PERFECT raspberries on it, and a slice of pie?  cake?  OK, a crust with cherries on the bottom, a filling, and whipped cream and toasted almonds on top.  It was called a rice pudding cake because the filling was rice pudding!  Who knew?  My husband went right for the pecan pie, the cannelloni, and the macaroons.  He can't wait to go back again.
2	My boyfriend and I came here our last morning in Vegas, figuring we'd 'splurge' on brunch buffet.  It's Caesar's Palace, it must be good right?  Not so much.  Nothing was really bad, but food was kind of cold, and not worth the $ we paid.  Head over to Cravings or somewhere else, Cafe Lago isnt worth it.Oh, the one thing that was pleasant was the nice view of the "lake."
1	Huge disappointment.  Years ago Caesar's Place had one of the best Buffets in town.  You can image my surprise to find how small it has become now.  They did have frozen crab legs, prime rib and turkey but that was about all they had.  The salad and side selection was very thin.  You can get a nice meal in one of the other restaurants for about the same price.
3	Decent breakfast buffet at Caesar's for $16.  I cant really complain (even though I'm great at it).  If you're health conscious, there's oatmeal, yogurt, cheeses, and lots of varied fresh and dried fruit selections.  The bacon and sliced ham were GREAT!  They even had turkey sausages.  Hash browns were a bit dry.  French toast and belgium waffles were very good, not dry at all, even though they were under the heat lamps.  The smoked salmon was quite good, and had a nice selection of capers, red onion and cream cheese to go with.  There was a huge selection of pastries, but I didnt try any.  The bottomless orange juice is fresh squeezed.  That alone is worth the price of admission.
1	Service: HorriblePrice: ExpensiveFood: Sh_tAtmosphere: OldWe got up late and couldn't go to the buffet we wanted to, so we went to  this one since it was in the Hotel.What a joke! I saw the chef out around the buffet, giving direction to his staff. I would never endanger myself so much as to be accessible to the guests for fear they would really tell him how horrible this place is. He is a better man than I.Absolutely go some place else like The Wynn, Bellagio or Venetian.
4	I will always remember this place.  It was the first place I ever dined at in Las Vegas.  I remember like it was yesterday.  My ex-gf and I arrived in Vegas at 6am or so and had no idea where to eat.  We were staying at the Bellagio but everything there seemed closed so we ended up at Caesars Palace somehow.  We wandered around aimlessly until we saw a restaurant that looked open.  We quickly ran in and had our first Vegas meal/Breakfast buffet.  I can't believe how easily amused I was back then by the all you can drink chocolate milk.  The food wasn't too bad, hard to judge since you'd have to try really hard to screw up breakfast foods.  I'll have to check this place out again...for old times sake.
1	Talk about disappointment.  And regret.  We were told by one of our guys that Caesar's had a great buffet, and who were we to argue?  It's still one of the nicer resorts on the strip.  We got there Memorial Day morning, and while we weren't surprised that we got charged the weekend prices, it was a bit weird that it was next to empty.We found out why.  You don't get nearly what you pay for to come here.  The selection really comes down to the omelet station, prime rib, shrimp cocktails, and sushi.  There wasn't much variety in the foods, and they didn't re-supply quickly enough (there was a point where was no fresh fruit to be found at all!)  Also, even though someone said that quality beats out quantity, it sure sucks when you have to wait in line to get food.  And really, it's not that much better than other places.On its own it's passable, but with so many better options around for the same price, it's really not worth it to go.
1	One of the worst buffets on the strip.  Don't be tricked like me into coming here with $5 off coupons.  Even with the $5, this place is a ripoff for the money.  I ate here on my last day of my vegas vacation and it was simply sad.  Dinner was $23.95 but cost me $18.95 for the coupon.  The drink was included and they don't have coke, only pepsi.  The food selection is VERY VERY minimal.  Even the dessert cart.  The desserts look like a lot until you realize it's a repeat of the same dish.  Our server was nice (better than the Wynn) and we tipped her because it must be a sorry place to work and it's not her fault that the buffet selections suck.  There is tri tip, roast turkey, some fried rice, sushi, noodles, pasta, puree of spinach, potatoes, carrots, sour pineapples, cantelope, and watermelon.I think I had a better time eating at Imperial Palace & Harrah's buffet.  Even at 8pm at night, there is a wait to get in.  The reason why is that there are only two people working the floor.  There are plenty of seats and everyone knows that.This must have been "the place" to eat about 10 years ago.  However, it looks like Caesars haven't kept up with the times and this place truely shows it's age.Since you don't pay until you are finished with your dinner (bill comes at the end like a normal restaurant), when you walk into the place, please look at the food selections before you sit down and order drinks.This move alone can save you from a sorry and disappointing dining experience.  Ignore the reviews with more than two stars because those diners got ripped off and they are too embarrassed to admit their mistake.  They want everyone to get ripped off just like them.Remember my tip:  Look at the food selections before sitting down.
1	DON'T EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!I had dinner at Cafe Lago in Caesars Palace, Las Vegas on October 11, 2008. I was extremely disappointed at the selection and quality of food at the restaurant. For $24.95 per person, I expect a lot more than what was offered at Cafe Lago. The roast beef was dry and tough, so was the turkey. The selection is very limited. The only things worth eating is the snail and the snow crab legs. I paid $150 for 5 people in my party and everyone complaint, everyone including my 10 year old daughter. Go to The Buffet in Wynn, they have much better food, more selection and the price is about the same.
3	Least crazy and decadent of all of the buffets I went to. Still, this one was pretty good. Very clean and open, despite its smaller size. The fresh fruit was very nice, yogurt cups were excellent, baked goods were fresh, and home fried potatoes were my favorite. Price wasn't too bad and the staff were decent. Not the best buffet but not the worst.
3	For breakfast, this was a nice buffet choice.  It was smaller than Paris' Le Village breakfast buffet, but it had the basics - omelette station, with a smoked salmon omelette as an option, as well as fresh fruit, cheeses and carbs.  It's inexpensive and probably the most pleasantly decorated I'd seen.I'm a fan of all things Caesar's Palace, so I'd recommend this place as part of your stay there.
2	For a buffet in such an upscale resort as Caesar's Palace, this one leaves a lot to be desired.  It's not quite as pricey  (although still too much) as Bellagio, Paris, or Planet Hollywood buffets, but nowhere near the selection or quality either.We went at lunch time.  The dining room is small.  The selections are very limited, and the service not up to acceptable standards.  The server did not appear for drink orders for at least ten minutes after we'd already started eating.  Although the food was certainly edible, it certainly wasn't memorable.  I can't think of anything that could entice me to return for round two.  Far better choices are available in the vicinity.
1	Urgh. We got to Vegas too late to be able to get into Bellagio's buffet without a 3-4 hr wait (we went on Dec. 25, smaaaart idea), so we thought Caesar's would be good, because it looks all nice and stuff on the outside y'know. Line took an hour, getting us good and hungry. But wtf?? Like $30 for nothing, pretty much?? Blah. You know it's not a good sign when their lemonade is bad, even. Nice server, but not enough foooood! The crab legs were gross, super salty and so cold they were basically ice blocks. They had like no pasta, and some of the food was in awkward lift-up-the-lid-yourself pot things. Hellooo. We expected so much more and were definitely disappointed, especially at that price tag.Seriously, get out at like 4:30 to catch the Bellagio or Wynn buffets with a short line, the slightly higher price is so worth it compared to this sorry excuse for a buffet!
4	i was actually quite pleased with my time day here at this buffet....lol jk it was only a 3 hour visit! lolwe came here for the valentine's day buffet (not planned), and they had a REALLY good spread for $35 a pop.  stuffed whole lobster (YES WHOLE), two types of KOBE beef (YES, KOBE!), prime rib, veal, lamb chop, cold appetitizers which consists of shrimp, crabs and yes...more lobster! they attempted to add some "side dishes" in there with veggies, potatoes, asian veggie and meat dishes, fried rice (which was probably not necessary), salads, fruits, pasta and soups.  very good variety of deserts, the best was probably the chocolate fondue and the choco covered cheesecake with crushed pistachio nuts.  food was absolutely wonderful but the service could have been better (and faster).  this buffet is small compared to the other Vegas buffets and is tucked away in the corner towards the back of the casino. having all the lobster and kobe beef, this is what i imagine would be a "rich man's buffet". lol
4	This was probably one of the better buffet experiences that I've had anywhere.  As soon as we were seated, our whole table was served OJ, and a carafe of coffee to share.  Definitely come here for a less crowded, less noisy buffet experience.  You will likely see less choices, sure- but the quality of the food will more than make up for it.The highlight for me is their garlic mashed potato- with tons of roasted whole garlic cloves mixed inside.  I topped it with freshly cooked bacon bits and it was to die for!  They also had strawberries in white chocolate...and mini pecan bars on shortbread...yum!The brunch on Sunday was $25, brunch on Monday was $20...totally worth it since a cup of coffee will set you back $4 at the food court at Cesars.
3	Me and the girls chose to come here for our champagne brunch. It was about $25 + another $10 for a glass or $15 for unlimited champagne brunch.  Needless to say, we went with the latter among the 3 of us and ordered a lot of OJ. Our waitress was cool and left the bottle for us :)The buffet area is not as large as others and thus, the variety was not as grand as I expected, but they did have your basic items - eggs, bacon, salmon items, etc.  I tried a lot of various cheeses and pastries, which were good (hard to mess those up, though). We came late enough that they started switching the food for lunch, so that was nice :)The seating area is set up quite nicely - sectioned - like a real restaurant, as opposed to cafeteria seating, with too many tables and seats "lined up" next to each other.Well, I won't say this is the best breakfast buffet I've ever had, but all in all, it wasn't bad and I wouldn't mind coming back.
2	So you thought I was through with all the Vegas posts, didn't you? I just never got around to working on this post, mainly because this buffet itself was so disappointing. When we arrived at the Cafe Lago inside of Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, we saw how empty the place was. Not a great sign. The only reason we ate here was because we moved our rooms over to this hotel after staying at the Bellagio for a few nights, and it was too easy to just go downstairs and find the buffet.The room itself was beautifully decorated.The buffet itself was tiny, and the selection was small. Of course the crab legs. the cocktail shrimps, and the prime rib were all there, but there was not much else to offer.I initially thought that there were oyster shooters available when I saw those small glasses, but one had just cocktail sauce, and the other just olives. Disappointing. There was a soup station that claimed that wonton soup was available. On a cold night, that sounded good, and I tried a bowl. Beneath those huge lids were the soups, and you could add in mushrooms and various other toppings. But alas, the wontons were no where to be found. So I asked the server where they were, and she said that that was it. What?? Then why do you label it as wonton soup? We got into a very good discussion with our waitress, a nice Vietnamese lady, who basically told us that no one ever likes the soup. She pointed us into the direction of the buffet at Wynn, very honest of her, and she kindly mixed up some free Mimosas for us without asking. The Mimosas are usually extra. We felt like we've know her all our lives. The pastry bar was just ok. Nothing really stood out here. There were some good things about the buffet. There was an everflowing chocolate fondue fountain. Dark chocolate and white chocolate, with lots and lots of strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, and other fruits for dipping. I didn't care too much for the chocolate itself; I just went for those blueberries and blackberries because if I ate 10 pounds or so of those, I could get my money's worth. And I think I just about did that. One other thing I liked about Cafe Lago was this large selection of these mini-parfaits. In particular, there was a guava parfait that was truly special, and the others were good too. There were some jello shots that were quite good. And they had real ice cream, not soft serve.So what Cafe Lago lacked in their meats, they try to make up for it in fruits, ice creams, and parfaits. I don't think that's enough to warrant a voluntary return visit, as there are much better buffets out there in Vegas, such as the one at the Bellagio and Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel.Full post with photos on my blog.
1	The worst food....ever.......kill me now..........
3	Not much selection on food but they are ok. King crab leg and shrimp need to order each time and it takes longer time than I expected. The dessert sucks, don't even try them and not much of them to choose.
4	It is pretty simple for me when I come here. I like the shrimp cocktail but the draw for me is the spicy sauce. It is not the best anymore but how are you gonna beat all you can eat shrimp. I love the roast beef/ prime rib and the horseradish sauce. I have been going here 4ever to all of youse that didn't know the buffet was never huge and grandiose but whatever food they did have it was of high quality. I would say the buffet is here for the convenience of the hotel guests. I gets some veggies also maybe some mashed potatoes if they have it. Then there is dessert. Viva Las Vegas!
4	Very good quality, not crowded, service was good and $27 for dinner seems reasonable. Only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is the dessert bar wasnt that great.
1	Gosh, I don't see how this place can stay open for much longer. We should have realized that this place was going to suck since it looked empty. We gave it a shot anyway.I can say the escargot was good, as was the prime rib. But that's about it. Sure sure they bring you a big plate of shrimp and crab legs, but you can get this at other buffets. The deserts were mediocre to sad. There aren't very many choices. Sure it looks like a lot, but it's all the same thing spaced out to look like there is more variety than what's actually there.The utensils still had food on them.YES, FOOD! When we asked the waitress to bring us more forks for the crab legs she said something like "I've been telling him." WHO is she telling!? I thought SHE was our waitress. I felt like she did not really care what we had to say considering there were 9 of us, so her tip was already included. Her english was so bad we couldn't understand her AT ALL. Being the only multilingual person at the table everyone looked at me. Friends: What did she say?Me: Huh?Friends: What was she saying?Me: How the h*ll should I know. She's speaking Vietnamese and I don't understand Vietnamese. ( non pun intended to my Vietnamese friend who was sitting @ the table with me). What really did it she told my friend that 2 beers were $22, and when the bill came ( seperate for alcohol drinks) it was $16. When he asked her about the price she tried to say that she told him that it was $16.22She did not say that at all.After all these things we will NEVER be back to this place again. Advise: MAKE SURE YOUR UTENSILS DON'T HAVE FOOD STILL STUCK ON THEM ( I'm sure you do that anyway, right?)
3	The buffet at Cafe Lago is slightly above average.  They don't have a super giant selection like some of the other places, but everything that they do serve is pretty good quality.  Sometimes, I would rather have a few quality items over quantity.  The buffet is more like 3.5 stars.Also, while I was in Vegas recently, I got to eat here again for a wedding reception.  It was held in the large room in the back which accommodated 5 large tables of guests.  There was Caesar salad as the starter, and for entrees we got to choose between chicken, prime rib and salmon, and dessert was strawberry cheesecake.  The dining area and place settings were extremely elegant and classy which I really liked.  I wish I could say the same for the food. The Caesar salad was only average.  The prime rib I had was extremely good, but then I had also not had anything to eat all day and it was already nearly 8pm so that is probably not saying much.  And lastly, the cheesecake was pretty disgusting.  It wasn't the traditional cheesecake with the pie crust on the bottom.  Instead it was a lot like the hardest sugar cookie you could ever imagine. You couldn't even cut into it with a knife, let alone try to bite it off.  The service was good, but painfully slow.  From start to finish, it took nearly 2 hours to have salad, an entree and dessert.  I was about to raid the buffet instead.  Overall, I probably wouldn't want to host a wedding reception or any dinner reception here, unless it involved eating in the buffet.
3	The service definitely sucks here, but the food (breakfast, anyway) is solid and hearty. All the staples are present and the coffee is as good as anywhere in the city. Try to get a window seat on the south side of the room. The waiters are so slow and a bit uncaring, but mostly, a really cool place. Recommended!
1	This was the biggest ripoff in buffet history - the buffet is rather small and nothing stood out at all.  Stay very far away from this place - go to the Wynn buffet instead.  You have been warned.  If you do not heed this warning, shoot me an email and I will gladly fly to your location and punch you directly in the face.
3	I must say i was hesitant to try out this place after reading all the reviews but since this is the only buffet place in Cesar's and i had dinner voucher for this place i decided to take the risk. During the holidays they had special sea food special going on which include unlimited shrimps and crab legs. The seafood was fresh and delicious and for me that was a deal maker in itself. In general buffet i didn't find much variety. I tried dim sum ( average), fried rice ( average), two kind of sushi (below average), salad bar, baked fish ( average) and 4 different kind of potato( Awesome, off the hook). The dessert bar was another deal maker for me because it consisted of about 20 different kind of desserts. I think for $27 this place is definitely worth it especially if they have seafood platter as well. The server practically ignored our table hence the three stars
1	AWFUL, DO NOT EAT HERE.  $40 NYE/NY Day buffet special was horrible.  You can tell this place wasn't built as a buffet.  On their special menu outside, they said it included lobster and a lot of other stuff.  Once inside, there was no lobster in sight.  I asked the waiter, the sign said there is lobster, can you tell me where it is?  He said, it is lobster bisque, it is a soup.  OK - now I am some sort of dumbass?  I went to the soup section and there was some nasty chowder and something else that looked nasty.  No lobster bisque.  I finish my horrible meal and go outside and my eyes didn't lie, it said LOBSTER you f*cK.  Would not recommend anyone spend their money here.  The only thing good where was the chocolate covered strawberries.  I ate here for free (comped) but still left furious.
2	I was not impressed at all the only reason they got the 2 star was the desserts were good but the selection was so small but they did have crab legs and peel and eat shrimp chilled But they bring it out to you we had 6 in our party they brought us 8 crab legs and about 16 shrimp enough for me to just get started and it was work to try to get a second platter with less than the first 1 so I filled up on line foods nothing terrible as far as taste goes but I have had much better but not big on buffets anyway with a little effort you will find better places
1	One price for the cool decor and good service.We went here because we couldn't make up our minds about where to eat. We don't usually do buffets, but since we were staying at Caesar's, it was just easy to go here for lunch. There was no line, and the place looked nice. But, the food was horrible. The run-down:Pasta station -- pastas were way overdone, sauces were equivalent to Chef Boyardee in taste. Bland, horrible.Prime Rib -- Fatty, lots of gristle. Au jus had no flavor. Mashed potatoes were mushy. Horrible.Chinese -- Fried rice tasted days old, and kung pao chicken tasted like shit. Horrible.Sides -- Steamed veggies were ok, but you can't go wrong with steaming any food. Grilled corn was rubbery, tasted like it had been sitting there for hours. Nasty, horrible.Dessert -- Chocolate chip cookies were crunchy, not chewy. Tasted like they were out of a package. Single chocolate truffles tasted cheap and stale. Chocolate covered strawberries were a bit mushy and the green tops were wilted and brown.Save yourself the money, time, and taste buds. Go elsewhere.
4	I usually hate buffets, but this is really good. They don't have as many choices as most buffets, but the food is actually really good, not just mass-produced crap for the drunken masses(not that I'm above getting a little drunk in Vegas)My favorite Vegas buffet by far.
2	Located inside of Caesar's, we ventured into this buffet solely because we were starving and too tired to go anywhere too far.  We came during the weekend brunch just as it was transitioning to the proper lunch menu so we got to same both selections.Overall, Cafe Lago is a bit of a disappointment for a buffet, but the price is on the lower end compared to some places ($25).  The food was decent, but the overall selection was quite minimal.  There was no proper salad bar, and I just felt that there should be more food variety.There was a nice pastry selection, but unfortunately, it was shut down at the end of the brunch hour.
5	This is a smaller buffet but it's not about quantity it's the QUALITY. I've been to plenty of Buffet's (now i have to go back and review past buffet's so that you'll see how many I've been to) and this one is GREAT! I would also like to applaud the desserts. My boyfriend isn't a big fan of sweets like I am, but he LOVED LOVED LOVED the cream puffs and the mousse shots; he said that they tasted just like a caramel latte. first stop the next time I'm in Vegas is THIS BUFFET!
2	I hate buffets to begin with, so this is a pretty biased review.  My friends and I were in town during the special, $29.99 all you can eat for 24 hours, at all participating harrah hotels.  Line was long, about a 1 hour wait, which is expected.  Got our wristbands, and headed for our first meal in vegas.  The only good thing I recall was the prime rib, although a little too rare for my liking.  Other than that, buffet food is pretty nasty to me.  Right when we left, my friend's wristband snapped off, we tried to get management to issue a new one, and they refused.  They said it's good as long as we have the reciept to go along with it.  Well, the next night for dinner, the buffet at Rio, told us something completely different.
1	Cafe Lago is the worst buffet among all of Harrah's casinos.  Yes, even worse than Imperial Palace.  For around $13 (brucn) at IP, I didn't expect much but cafeteria food and it delivered (good omelet).  But for $25 at Lago Buffet, I would at least expect  SOMETHING a little, just a little, more.  But I got NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING!  There were very few selections/varieties.  Italian station only offered 4 different pasta and looked like canned food.  The carving station offered Turkey and Prime Rib.  The Prime Rib was not prime at all.  My fiance asked for the end cut.  It was so tough that he couldn't cut it with a regular knife.  And guess what, the server said they didn't have any steak knife!  The only thing somewhat edible was the Roast Chicken.  The salad station was pretty pathetic, no hard boiled eggs, beans, mushroom, or celery.  What the heck?  This is a buffet, the least you could do is offer a descent salad bar!  There were 3 kind of sushi rolls, none I would even dare to touch.  And the Chinese station had 3 dishes - stir fry shrimp, beef, and fried rice.  There were also 2 different steam buns.  And the dessert station had nothing, absolutely nothing that even looked remotely appetizing!  Give me a break!Caesars is supposed to be the better (if not best) hotel among Harrah's chain, but it has the worst restaurants (yes, I've tried a few).  Lago buffet just proved it again.  If you must have buffet because you want to use your comp for food at Harrah's, take my advise and go to Rio's.  At least it's edible there.  Whoever is in charge of the restaurant at Caesars should be fired!  Whoever runs the Lago Buffet at Caesars should be kicked in the a$$.
3	I liked Lago but I didn't love it.  I think it had something to do with their selection which is no where neat the size of Le Village Buffet in Paris.  The food that I did have was very good.  I was there for breakfast and the omelet station was appreciated.  I would be willing to return if I were walking through Caesar's and hunger hit me -- especially during breakfast time.
4	Me and bf went to Cafe Lago on 4/25/2010 for sunday brunch.  We had a great time there because the atomsphere was cozy and nice, and the staff were really friendly, too.  Food was okay, lack of variety is probably the weakness, but the quality of the juice, omelet, crab legs, prime ribs, and pancakes were pretty good, at least i kept wanting more and more.  Sushis do not look good just like many other buffets in vegaswe enjoyed and had a great time, if you are looking for a good place to chat and just relax and enjoy some food, this is for you!
1	I thought that Cafe Lago would've been amazing because it's in Caesar's Palace, but no. We all had maybe one plate and were done. The crab legs weren't cut in half so it took forever to crack each leg individually. I know, I'm lazy.. But hey, if the lower end buffets are offering it, you think they would as well!Waste of money, waste of time. Will not go back.
3	Came here on a Saturday night, consider it's Caesars Palace, $27/person is a decent price level.I agree with some of the posters here, Lago's food selection is very limited, however, like one said, their quality is good. Overall, this is a OK place to dine at, nothing too fancy, but not bad either..
2	Must say one of the worst buffet I had. The foods had limited favors, not much of a selection and please don't try their Pho! Dessert I must say was great.
1	Just went to Caesar's Palace buffet (Cafe Lago) and I have to tell you not to go. I broke a buffet fans basic rule, go in and look at the food that is being offered and the surroundings you will be eating in then go stand in line. If you must go please follow that rule and you will see why this place gets only 1 star. In a nutshell there is a very small selection of food that is being offered here, of which most is either bland or just over cooked. The desert bar is so small and offers things like chocolate chip cookies and mini cup cakes as its mainstay, my girlfriend compared Cafe Lago to the Hometown Buffet but I told her the Hometown Buffet at least has soft-serve ice cream and is almost 1/3 the price.
4	Went to Vegas over Memorial Weekend and Caesars Palace buffet was MY FIRST VEGAS BUFFET EVER! My friends and I did the buffet deal where you pay $34.99 (ended up being around $43.00 after everything) where you can go to any of the 7? specified buffets in Vegas however many times you want within a 24-hour period. We made it suffice for 3 meals!The wait time in line didn't seem too terrible and moved at a steady rate. The service was good and the variety of food was also good.Their creme brulee was SO GOOD.Definitely check out the hotel's pool just outside of the buffet. It's awesome!
1	If I had the option to put zero stars... this would be it... I'm really disappointed about wasting my time going through traffic just to check out this place that doesn't deserve to be called a buffet.  They make Hometown Buffet look like its 5 stars!!!  Upon arriving, thank goodness I was able to bypass the long line with my Total Rewards Platinum Card... It was very unusual that they didn't have a special wait area that immediately had a host service you... It was such a joke because to consider this place is Caesar's Palace!  Harrahs should really do something about this because this could be a turning point when you won't see people come back and put a bad name to it!  I did purchase the 24 hour buffet and thought Planet Hollywood was ok... Paris was not great in service... I will specify in another post for that place... Now I understand why upon arriving outside the entrance a group of guys stormed out of there saying out loud and warning people that it was terrible not to waste your time and money.  I really felt sorry for those people who were standing in line for that!  Lets just say your kitchen is probably bigger than what they had goin on there... The food was bland... no variety... almost felt like I was selecting food from a hospital cafeteria...no joke and I'm not exaggerating either!  Take my advice and anyone that has complained... do not waste your time go directly to the RIO Carnival Buffet... 2nd if you have to Planet Hollywood is ok... unless you have platinum or diamond , seven stars membership be prepared to be in a long line... Or take someone that has access to walk thru VIP... Hmmm why didn't I go on yelp to check the reviews before wasting my time here...ummm never again!!!
3	This buffet was ok.  I wanted to eat at the Paris for the champagne brunch, but we got tired of walking around in the 112 heat so we stopped here.  Sunday Champagne Brunch is $24-$34, depending on champagne.  I was surprised at how tiny this buffet was.  I was also disappointed with the breakfast selection.  I wanted some pancakes or waffles, and even though they did have an egg station with some chef approved Eggs Benedict, it was lacking.  The quality of the food was good, just the selection was poor.  Probably won't come here again.
3	this is a pretty decent buffet...went for bfast & lunch...plenty of variety...banana chips, cereal, blueberries, raspberries, omelet station (long line), meat, seafood, breads, salmon etc.
1	Still one star.  Since i had the buffet pass, I wanted to see if things have improved since my last review and wondered if these 4-5 stars are actually true.No, they are all lies.  I would say they were either too drunk to know what good food tasted like or they are affliated with Caesars in some way.Too little selections.  Low quality.  Does not taste good.  Long waits in lines and service is spotty.  Danger Danger Wil Robinson.  Danger!I am not anti-Harrahs.  I just love good tasty food.  Rio Carnival Buffet= tasty food, great selections.  Harrahs = great tasty food (bit smaller than Rio) & wonderful desserts.Cafe Lago is should be renamed to Cafe Sucko.  Don't listen to these fools about this place being the "best buffet" they ever ate.  You go to a buffet for great selection of foods and this place doesn't have the great selection.Again, do yourself a favor and walk through the place before paying.
2	I've been here twice. The first time I don't really remember the experience, but my friends said it wasn't that good, so I'll take their word for it. The second time I ate here was just YESTERDAY so I remember it perfectly. I came to Cafe Lago for lunch with my family yesterday.But before I get into that, I'll just say that depending on where in Caesar's you're coming from, I felt that Cafe Lago was IMPOSSIBLE to find. I was annoyed that there were no signs directing you to the buffet. Also it was a Tuesday that my family and I were first trying to find this place. It took us almost an hour to find because they had no signs and we had to ask like 3 different people. The 3 different people pointed us into the direction of the restaurant and when we finally found the restaurant, there is a sign out by the entrance that said that the buffet is CLOSED for lunch on Tuesday and Wednesday. I was so annoyed because I was wondering why none of the people who directed us couldn't tell us that? It was just very frustrating.ANYWAY, we come back to Cafe Lago on Thursday just to try it out. When we get there, the line is pretty long... it's weaving around and everything but we still get in line. We wait in line for about 20 or so minutes. I'm thinking the place is good because there was a long line. Well, we finally get to the front and are following the host to our seat. I'm looking around the room and wondering why there is such a long line to get in.. there were so many seats AVAILABLE. Once we are situated and everything, I get up to get food. I probably only ate one full plate and some desserts. Normally at a buffet, I eat about 2 full plates and half of a third (I'm pretty thin but I eat a lot). The reason why I didn't eat as much this time, because the selection of food they have there isn't that much... I was pretty disappointed and I definitely prefer Paradise Garden Buffet (in Flamingo), much better than this one.I want to say that I was most impressed with the desserts here, even though the desserts look pretty much the same in all the buffets. These desserts had their own little area away from the rest of the food.Anyway, I'm pretty sure I won't be back here for a long time.
3	After a bad market spice buffet, I was looking for redemption at the Caesars buffet that I simply did not get.  From what I remember many years ago, it was small but quality was high.  There were some items that were good at the buffet (chicken, pasta) but everything else was ok.  The soda pitcher sat there the entire time we were there and everytime I asked for a refill, it was from that same pitcher that sat at the waiters table.  Also, our waiter disappeared for 10 minutes at a time.  Just a major disappointment....
2	We saw the $34 for the World of World Buffets (basically you can go to any of Harrah's 5 buffets as many times as you want for $34), and decided to check out Cafe Lago first because we were already in Caesar's Palace, and everything else about this place is pretty spectacular.  We arrived for a late lunch at 2pm, and there was still a crazy long line.  We ended up waiting for an hour and a half, for a buffet that probably wasn't worth the wait.  The food selection is really limited.  They had really dry prime rib, bland sushi rolls, unshelled shrimp, sad looking crab legs, and a bunch of other unmemorable items.The dessert selection was also limited too (compared to Bellagio and Mandalay Bay), but I must admit, I loved their cannolis and the fresh cantaloupe and honeydew were juicy and delicious!  If you do get a $34 buffet pass to all the Harrah Buffets, I recommend the Paris Buffet over this one!
2	So, this was the first stop (Saturday brunch) in the 24-hour glutton-fest known as Harrah's Buffet of Buffets.  Unfortunately, instead of starting off with a bang, it was more like a fizzle.I hadn't been to Caesar's Palace since I was a kid, so the whole hotel area was pretty much a new experience to me.  After parking, we basically traversed the entire casino floor to reach the Lago buffet.  Expecting an extremely long line, I was pleasantly surprised to only find a pretty long line.  However, the line did move quickly and it probably only took 45 minutes to get through to the cashier.After some seating confusion, my group of 10 was split up into two groups of 5.  Which was fine, since we avoided the 18% gratuity charge tacked on for groups of 8 or more.  What wasn't fine was the cashier openly complaining about how my friends paid individually (instead of the entire group on one bill).  The food, was, well, okay.  Nothing too special, nothing extraordinary popped out in my mind.  It didn't stop me from stuffing my face with two plates and a plate of desserts, but overall it was meh.  I had an iced tea, but a couple of my friends said their sodas were flat.The dessert station had two desserts that I particularly enjoyed.  The first was this coffee (mocha?) pudding with a chocolate coffee bean on top.  The second was a raspberry pudding cup with you guessed it, a raspberry on top.All in all, if you're staying at the Caesar's already, then it's not a horrible choice to go to.  However, if you feel up to driving or walking, definitely try another on the list of Buffet of Buffets.
3	For a buffet, this place was good. They try to deliver international food by providing a sample of it. They have stuff like sushi, variety of European meat, southern food, Italian, Chinese and etc. You can purchase a one time meal or $40 dollars for a 24 hour period. Hubby and I did that since we figured we'd be at Caesar's Palace for at least 2 days. The 24 hour deal is better, BUT...make sure you go and eat 3 meals so that would make your money's worth, lol.
2	I thought this place was pretty horrible, even the amount of selections. Even the 2 hour wait sucked! We came around 2 pm, and even stayed passed until dinner. No new items on the dinner menu. It still lacked. There wasn't many good things. The prime rib was a little dry and overcooked under the lamp. (I'm not a big prime rib guy to begin with), the things that were pretty good was the short ribs, coq au vin, and the mac and cheese. The sushi selection was bad. Umm...I wasn't very impressed here.
1	went here for their lunch buffetalright .... you wait 45  minutes in line to see the friggin place has over half empty tables???? WTF.... its not a club where u have to create a line to make the place look like its poppin.... then we are seated for a table of 4, when we have 5 ppl...now to the food...prime rib was stringy and i was not able to cut it with the given knife... stopped eating that after the first piece....the best items there were probably the omelet/eggs and the fajita tacos... that is pretty pathetic....orange juice tasted like they watered it down 50/50.... and champagne was pretty bad...
2	went to this buffet tonight and it was not good at all.  Options were very limited, and there were no premium items other than prime rib.  I will not return.
1	I've been to so many buffets in vegas; this one is by far the worst one i've been to! and it's about $2 on average more expensive than the others around Caesar Palace (like Flamingo, Paris, etc). We went there for breakfast; and the food selection wasn't all that exciting. But the thing that annoyed us the most was that for about 20 minutes after we sat and got our food, no one got our drinks order. I'm used to be seated and asked for a drink order right then, so when you come back to your table your drinks are already there. And this was breakfast - so the first thing you want is coffee! We waited and waited, then asked a few workers, neither of them came back with an answer or coffee. Finally found our waitress, who was busy cleaning other tables rather than attending to the seated people.Me think not!
1	One of the worst buffets I've been to. They're famous for their desserts but Rio's has way more (tastier!) dessert selections. Thank goodness I had the 24hr buffet deal which allowed me to try out other Harrah's Casino buffets, otherwise, my money would've went down the drain. I had one plate of meal and that was it since it was such a small selection of food (not to mention most of it were empty!) terrible! Plus the wait in line took forever! :[I should've yelped this buffet before going !
2	Probably the weakest buffet I've been to on the Strip. Small selection, but definitely has the necessities like prime rib, shrimp cocktail, and king crab legs. But really, nothing spectacular and the dessert section was not impressive. Pass!!
2	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours.The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!Lago at Caesar's-Big disappointment! Crowded and disorganized. The food was all sadly overcooked and underseasoned. The space was not inviting at all. Supposedly this was the stop for the best desserts...not so much. The dessert area had a small selection of individually sized plastic cups of mousse/pudding/goo of different colors. There were no actual signs describing the items so we had to guess what they were. Nothing was great, most wasn't even good. Sad. Even sadder, the champagne was warm and they were out of flutes so it was served in a wine glass...WTF?Overall, my suggestion would be to skip this stop. While our server was pleasant, we only saw her twice during our stay. Dirty plates piled up on our table and were never cleared. I expected better...fail.
3	Came here as one of the stops for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour pass thing. It's nothing compared to the buffet at the Wynn but I don't think this buffet deserves so many one and two star reviews. Yes, the selection is limited but the food isn't crappy either. The interior is inviting. The line sucks unless you're a diamond/platinum member.
4	Food was better than la buffet at the Paris. This review is for breakfastPros- Great omelet bar, with people making them on both sides so no lines- Fantastic dessert- All the breakfast fixings you would expect, including smoked salmon - Great desserts Cons- Worst and most inefficient line I've ever seen. One person rang people up, literally taking 5 minutes per transaction. There were three people standing behind the cashier with folded arms, not doing anything. Over half the tables were empty. Same thing at the Paris buffet yesterday, I suspect they throttle the number of people coming in on purpose. Way to make people start a meal pissed off at the restaurant. - I find tipping at a buffet awkward. - The 24 hour package was included in our room, They make you wear a bright blue armband. Yeah, that will help my tan line. Lame.
4	My friends and I decided to try this buffet for dinner because it was part of the 24 hr buffet pass. At first sight, Cafe Lago didn't seem that promising-- the selection is very small compared the other buffets. As we passed the dessert section on our way to the table however, my judgement began to change. Our waiter was nice and took our drink orders right away. Then we headed straight for the food. I piled on a lot of carbs including bread sticks, mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, and pasta. I needed it in my system for later, if you know what I mean. I don't know if it was because I had alcohol in me already but the food was pretty good. I really really enjoyed the bread and mac n cheese. Although I wasn't even hungry to begin with, I ate everything that was on my plate. And even though I just gobbled down a plate of carbs, I headed for the dessert. Everything looked good but I only had room to try the chocolate-covered strawberries and cheesecake. The strawberries were really good and I ended up eating like six of them. When I took the first bite out of the cheesecake though, I was just in awe of the taste. It was so damn good. It was almost like heaven in a little foil cup. The highlight of the meal for sure. If you have the 24 hour buffet pass, stop by Caesar's and at least try the dessert. It doesn't disappoint.
5	We came here because we got the buffet of buffets pass, and it turned out to be a really good deal! Because you can eat at any of the 8 participating buffets, for $39.99, for total rewards members, which we are! And it's $45.99 for non-members! Which is still a great deal! I have to say, this place has the best salmon ever! We came here, and I was hungry, and it was around lunch time! And of course I love to eat healthy (HA!), so I picked up a piece of salmon, and it was like biting into a piece of heaven! It was so buttery and wonderful!This buffet is smaller than other buffets, and it is kind of hard to find, because it's tucked into the corner of Caesar's palace. But other than that, this place is pretty cool! You get a view of the pool, with the statues, and it looks amazing! The dessert bar was very good too! Sure they don't have ice cream, but they have a section of low fat desserts, which by the way, is good for people, who are trying to watch their weight! Like me! :)
4	The worst part was the flat cokes and bitter iced tea.  Everything else made up for it.  Excellent, excellent prime rib so tender you can cut it with a fork.  Limited variety of food but excellent ambiance, especially by the fountain.  You don't feel like you're in a cafeteria like with most buffets.  Nice booths with big tables to accommodate all the plates that tend to accumulate at a buffet.  Not much kid food (no pizza) but my picky eater had a roasted chicken leg, corn on the cob and minestrone soup.  I actually prefer the smaller buffet because then I don't stuff myself trying a little but if everything.  Service was good.
2	What a disappointment. Caesar's is the flagship casino for the Harrah's group so one would expect the buffet to be held to the same standard.  If you are looking for selection skip this buffet. The food is not bad, in fact, it's pretty good but it offers only a fraction of the items found at other buffets. Don't waste your time.
1	One of the worst buffets in Las Vegas, period.  Very poor selection of food and of those available, marginal quality.  Stay away and go to Wynn - more expensive but definately worth it.  Even our waitress said not to drink the cheap campagne - it's low quality and will give you a bad headache.Have been to many LV buffets and this ranks as the lowest of all.
1	Horrible! It was very very small, had different meats, all over done, for example well done prime rib...A decent pasta selection with no flavor, lobster bisque that tasted like tomato soup, it was overall horrible. Probably the worst buffet I've been to in or out of Las Vegas...do not waste your time. Also I was there for dinner, maybe there lunch of breakfast is better, I have no idea but I would not recommend taking the chance.
5	Selection isn't as great as other major buffets but the quality of the food makes up for it.  That and it's price point ($20 for lunch) is fantastic.  Great value in my opinion.
1	One star removed from the last review. Still slow and disorganized. Food is still over cooked and under seasoned. Honestly I don't know why we went back when we were so disappointed the first time we tried this buffet.Will never be returning to Lago...and I mean it this time.
2	Stop 5 on our buffet of buffets journey. This buffet was just okay. The crab legs were bigger than the Flamingo's and the Mac and cheese was good. The cookies on the dessert area looked dry. So-so overall selection.
2	"I've experienced better" would be the understatement of the year. Our waitress talked to the people at a table directly behind ours for 10 minutes before coming over to ask us our drink order. Brought us our drinks and she didn't come by again for 20-25 minutes. Then we got up to get our own drink refills and she finally noticed us...Meat was way overcooked and the guy cutting the meat wanted nothing to do with me...or anybody else there for that matter.Weekends you get the free champagne hookup. That's a plus.Generally the food selection is not that great especially considering how much you're paying for it...I've been more impressed with Golden Corral.
4	Veni, vidi, vici. I came, I saw, I conquered. If Caesar envisioned a buffet in Las Vegas, this would be it. Quietly nestled next to the Garden of the Gods pool area. If you park in self parking, get ready to walk a ways to get to the buffet.My first visit to this buffet was also the first time I heard that Caesar's Palace even had a buffet. I have been to Caesar's many times over the years. This buffet is definitely worth the price. When I went, a deal was going on that allows people to buy a 24 hour wristband pass. This pass allows people to go to any of the Caesar's Entertainment Corp properties buffet's in 24 hours. The idea was to visit this one for a late lunch after going to a dinner buffet at a different location the day before.As you'd expect, the line was very long to get it and even if you have a wristband, you have to wait. Be ready to spend about an hour plus to get in. The seats encircle the entire buffet, so anywhere you are located, even at the edges, it's easy to get to the buffet area. The service was good and the lady offered many types of drinks, which some buffet staff do not do. I was with my party, at the buffet, for a fair amount of time and my waitress went home after shift change. The new waitress was just as nice.There are a lot of options to choose from including a large meat station that serves excellent prime rib and good sushi. I went during the Thanksgiving weekend and an entire area with a lot more food was setup to include roasted slices of turkey, stuffing plus lots of other trimmings. I'd expect this area to be full of other kinds of food during normal days at the buffet. Thanks to Caesar's Entertainment Corp for supplying me with a buffet wristband to test a few out.The prime rib is juicy, some of the best I've had. If you like Caesar's Palace and descent buffet food, you should try this one.
1	oh lordy, where do I begin. After a night of drinking at Rain Club in Palms, all i wanted was some good hot soup. We decided to try Cafe Lago, maybe something light and soupy.  As I make my way to the food court, I went to the soup section and there was only one, and it was so gross. The soup were dark color with corn, beans, and whatever the heck they can throw in there. I skipped the soup, I then started at the end of the line to see what I can scoop onto my plate... I got a piece of roast duck, ravioli, penne pasta, a roll,and steam vegetables and realized I was at the end. Then I did a double take and walk thru it one more time and concentrate what my sensitive stomach want. I added one more item which was a slice of turkey. Got back to the table and told my husband what a waste of time, should of just stay in and order room service. Guess what... my kind husband brought me something he would never eat; a bowl of soup and say, "that's all they have". gross no thank you, I was so disappointed and couldn't wait to give it 0.
1	If I could give no stars, I would.You would think that Caesars Palace would have a grand buffet, but think again. The wait is extremely long. I think my family and I waited around 2 hours to get in. The selection is very minimal. I mean literally, when I reached the very end of the buffet... I said, "That's it?" Everything is dry and salty. You got your typical fried egg rolls, prime rib, "fresh" salad, and two choices of pasta. The only thing that I could say was decent was the shrimp. There's a dessert bar shaped like a circle... and everywhere around the circle is the same damn dessert. Oh and the pumpkin pie, looks like it's bought from Smiths or something.Just horrible. Will NEVER come back again.
3	Good place for breakfast,Be aware of the line that took me about 30 mins.  I got the $39.99 buffet card and went for late breakfast and end up at the table by lunch time. It had good desserts but not a variety of dishes to offer like other buffets in Vegas.  Small but good. Enjoy
1	If you love buffets avoid this one at all cost. For dinner the only edible food was prime rib. Dessert was terrible even the ice cream. Do not waste your time here: selection small and not quality food.  Service was great.
4	I'm really confused about the low ratings for this place. My gf and I had a really great experience at the brunch buffet on New Years day. It's probably not the most ginormous buffet there is, but do you really need to get "lost" in your buffet?Value: Really good. For our $34.50/person we had blackberries, rasperries, star fruit, blueberries, mangoes, really well prepared salmon, a really good carving station, a make your own Pho bar with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, king crab legs, ok sushi rolls, a really good omelet, good cheescake, good tiramisu.....and of course unlimited mimosas.  Environment: Nice, fun water features and great service. Would i go again: Yes, but I'll check out the other Vegas buffets first. Notes:  Go at the tail end of the brunch buffet so you can hit the beginning of the lunch buffet. I highly recommend this as you get to have both selections.
2	If you purchase a Buffet of Buffets pass, don't waste your time waiting in line for the buffet at Cafe Lago. This was the most underwhelming buffet of the three that I went to (Le Village in Paris and Carnival World Buffet in Rio). I expected a lot more since it is located inside Caesars. So, the wait was about 45 minutes, which was bearable. When we were finally seated, we were put in those circular booth tables by the front. Very inconvenient to get in and out, but hey, I'm not gonna give up my seat after waiting for so long. But really, there was a lot of seat changing and scooting in and out of the booth. Sadly, the food was unspectacular. So unspectacular that I don't even remember what I had. I do remember snow crab legs  (my friend claims they use Challenge butter here; she says it's delicious). What I do remember is that the lobster bisque should be avoided. It didn't taste anything like lobster. I expected there to be more options food-wise, but not much was offered. The dessert section looks big, but it's the same desserts over and over again. I also saw some flies buzzing around, so approach with caution. Nothing really memorable here. Our waiter (I'll just call him M) was really nice and attentive. M. checked on us often and always walk away saying "Continue enjoying!" Nice guy! What was strange was that he kept telling us to drink our waters and made it a point that we should finish it all. I don't know why he was so concerned. Maybe he knew that we were going to have a wild night and didn't want us to get dehydrated.
2	Even if you had the "Buffet of Buffets" pass, I'd recommend checking out other places before here. For the regular price, I do not recommend coming here. I'd rather eat one nicer dish at a restaurant. All I ate here were some fruits and the rosemary chicken. Yes it was good but for $35? Hell no. And yes, you are in Las Vegas so there is a higher standard for buffets.  So, if you've ate there and didn't think it was bad, you are correct. It is not bad at all. But, as a Las Vegas buffet, it sucked. Very disappointing, since I love the Caesars Palace. You'd think their buffet would be as grand as their hotel.
4	Since we went here on a weekday, it was only a short line and a short wait! Since my boyfriend loved this buffet when he dined here with his family for breakfast, he had to show me this place. We were seated after waiting about 5 minutes and our server immediately served us our drinks while we took off to grab our breakfast. The omelette was DELICIOUS! It was freshly made and you can customize it however you like. Try the Denver Omelette which has bell peppers, onions, ham.. a little of everything if I can remember exactly. The french toast was delicious pairing that with the Smuckers sugar-free syrup, but the pancake was just okay since it seem like it was left there for awhile. On the side, there were pots of warm breakfast items like Egg Benedict, Sausages, Egg Sandwiches, and a few more. There's also prime rib for those who prefers protein as their kind of breakfast. At the center, there were a variety of pastries and cereal, something simple for kids. Over all, the most memorable item that I enjoyed most was the Denver Omelette. I wonder why the reviews are so low? If you're impatient, don't bother to head out to buffets during weekends and at dinner times, unless you are a VIP with those 5 stars or Diamond Member.
3	As far as buffets go, I think this one was very limiting. The good thing was that there really wasn't a wait to get in here, although it was for a Friday lunch. I am not sure if it was because it was lunch, but the food selection were really small. Every section seemed really small. The salad bar was miniscule with only an option of cheese and olives for your salad and dressing. They had an Italian section with one type of pasta. Really, just one type of pasta. A little variety would have gone a long way. They did have the crab legs and shrimp but the shrimp were not skinned. I don't have a problem removing the skin, but when other buffets do this for you, you would think they would try to follow. The best thing I ate here was their mac and cheese. That is pretty bad that the mac and cheese was the best thing I ate. Probably won't come back here again. There are so many better buffets to be had.
2	Caesars Palace as a Strip entity fundamentally has 2 severe flaws for being considered one of the elite casino properties in the worlda. its Sportsbook is so outdated, and in need of refurbishing and modernization.  Caesars Palace should have the premiere Sportsbook in town and clearly does notb. Caesars is by far the Harrah Group's premiere Casino Resort in town, yet their buffet is the weakest of the bunch.  Thats bad strategy..Yes, Vegas has become home of the celebrity chef and premiere entertainment, but people still come to Vegas to eat in luxurious buffetsCafe Lago is quite simply limited in what it can offer to to its display area size which is a fraction of what you will find at newer propertiesThe quality of what they do offer is mediocre to ok at best.Harrahs has spent a lot of money(over 2 billion) on the property since buying Caesars years back, yet has left Cafe Lago untouched. I think it a bad move and hurts their brand.Breakfast here is $16 and isnt worth $10
2	Jez.  I expected better from Caesar's Palace.So, we had purchased the Harrah's 24 Hour Buffet Pass (good call).  We had gone to Planet Hollywood and some others, but decided on our big night (Saturday), we would hit Caesar's before going out to the clubs.  Because, hey, it's Caesar's.  What a disappointment.  Compared to the other places that have miles and miles of food, this place was very limited.  The wait staff seems less than pleased to be there.  What a huge disappointment.  Especially since the ladies we were with wore heals, and we were staying at the Planet Hollywood Towers.  So that was a walk.  I'd highly suggest you steer away from Cafe Lago at Caesar's Palace.  You will be glad you did.
3	I had a pretty good lunch experience here, but I do think the choices are limited compared to other places.  It's good for a change of pace though.
4	Though this buffet may not be the largest, all of the food it offers is good quality.I've come twice, and both times I was very pleased. Instead of trying to ram all kinds of low quality food down your throat, they really try to serve the best. Seafood, a small section for Chinese food, meat station...Their omelet station in the mornings is amazing. Oh, and if you're looking for an ice cream/frozen yogurt section, they only offer cakes and pastries of all sorts. Try it out! Especially if you have the Buffet of Buffets pass because don't we already know you'll be stuffing your face at plenty of other places. Will it hurt to try one that doesn't boast itself on its overwhelming selections?
3	A majority of the food I tried was pretty good. I really liked the prime rib and mac n' cheese. The desserts were a highlight (the mini key lime pies were awesome). I also loved the roasted potatoes and would give the salmon four stars out of five.My main complaint is with the size and variety of the buffet. We paid $26.95 a person for dinner and were expecting some grand spread. Instead we got a buffet that you can walk from one end to the other in less than 15 seconds. My heart sank when we first walked in and saw how small it was. I was so mad at myself for agreeing to go to this place without looking up reviews first. Fortunately, what little they did have was good enough to feel as though my money wasn't completely wasted.I can't say for sure I would recommend this place considering what they charge and the limited selection. My dinner companions had mixed reviews about this place. I guess if you want to avoid the icky crowd you sometimes get at Circus Circus but don't want to pay Bellagio's prices, then this may be worth a try.
5	Quality food- I enjoyed the Champagne Brunch as part of my Buffet of Buffets deal. The made-to-order vegetarian omelet was delicious. Pancakes were great. Mimosa was super fantastically refreshing and clear. The chocolate tartlette was also unforgettable. Was impressed by the ocean/island-themed ambience. Yay!
2	Third stop on our Buffet of Buffets for lunch.   The main dishes were horrible.  It tasted almost stale, as if they were left overs from the dinner the night before.  The only saving grace was the dessert station, the cheesecake was my favoriate.
1	Caesar Palace should opt to not offer a buffet. To be honest, skip Lago Buffet if you can. But if you want to eat buffet style, don't want to wait in line and want minimal food options, I recommend Lago Buffet. The breakfast section is cornered off with just eggs, canadian bacon, hash brown potatoes and sausage. The lunch selection failed. Even the pizza crust was hard. The only food I really enjoyed was the salad that I prepared myself.. And don't be fooled. The desserts look promising, but its absolutely not. The cookies were hard. The pastries were dry. And what?!- no ice cream. But on a positive note, the zucchini bread is really good.
2	For the price of $29.99 per person we spent at this place, even though they served champagne for brunch...was not worth the total.  The food was poorly made and prepared for a buffet style atmosphere.  The crab legs and cocktail shrimp where very salty and barely chilled with the amount of iced used to keep the seafood cold, on top of that there were no small cups for the cocktail sauce available, they gave me a soup bowl. The cook making omelettes was very rushed in cooking where the eggs were not cooked all the way and the bacon was too salty.  At the table, there were hardly any servers around to ask for drinks and anything else we could possibly need.  So I ended up serving myself the drinks for our party since no one was available.I only gave a few dollars tip for seating us and bringing out champagne in the beginning......and they still had the nerve to give me a mean mug look when we left with not even a "thanks come again" type of remark....I will be taking my brunch somewhere else next time I visit Vegas
5	absolutely loved this lunch buffet. the selection was refreshing and light. more salads, fruits, and the desserts were the epitome of bliss. A lot of people don't enjoy this buffet because there's not as much meat and such as you would find elsewhere, but I find it a refreshing change of pace.The dark chocolate mousse is creamy and decadent. They have an award winning pastry chef, and it really shows :)Love the yogurts and salad cups. Very tasty.Wish I could have had dinner here too :)
1	I have only eaten at two Vegas Buffets, this one and the Wynn buffet and let me say you cannot compare the two at all!  The Wynn buffet was great and well worth the price tag. Lago was not worth even a quarter of the cost.  I have had better food in a hospital cafeteria!The Lago Buffet was a huge rip off. The service was horrible and the food was worse then the service!!!! We had a table of six and no one had a good thing to say about the food, service or experience. Save yourself the let down and dine elsewhere.
4	After checking out some M&Ms and the World of Coca-Cola, we decided to get our eat on... Thank you Buffet of Buffets.There was a line... it was about 5:30pm... I was excited about the second buffet. Since some of my friends had to take off to watch Phantom at 7:00 (I was seeing the Jabbawockeez at 9:30), I waited behind while the server brought us our cokes and waters.We get seated near the desserts... I wanted to eat them all first! I did things the right way this time... I checked out all the food before deciding what to load up on. I went to the pasta station and got the cheese raviolis. These were super good, but me and dairy ain't friends, so I took it easy on them. They were swimming in a cream sauce. Wowie. I got a big piece of meat from the carving station... I didn't see any horseradish, but it was still good with gravy. I got a beet salad that came in its own cute little glass. I got a tomato and mini-bocconcini salad in its own cute little glass. It came on a bed of lettuce and there was way too much dressing. I liked that it had dressing on it already and that I didn't have to fumble for it.  That was it for the entree portion of my meal. I had my eyes set one dessert.For dessert, I had a beautiful creme brulee. It was really soft in its tiny ramekin so my favourite part about creme brulee was a let down: I love cracking the top really hard with my spoon so the brulee shatters and I get a bit with every bite of custard. This was kind of fluid, but the taste of it was sooooooooooooooo yummy... just a bit firmer and it would have been perfect.The mini lemon meringue was good. The fluffy meringue paired really well with the tart lemony filling. It was a one bite thing... I am sure most people would take two, but it was just so easy to pop the whole thing in my mouth and let all the flavours meld together.I had a dark chocolate mousse in a cup. That was nice. It's kind of like a truffle, but in a cup and lighter... It was decorated nicely with a marbled piece of white chocolate.I also had a chocolate tarte decorated with gold. Yes, that's right... GOLD! The crust tasted like shortbread. It was good, but I didn't finish it. I instead opted to finish the cheesecake of one of my friends who had to run... she told me it was wonderful. It was... I love plain cheesecake... and I got another creme brulee.The server was nice... our drinks were brought fast. I think he was really busy because he seemed o be the only one in our area... the busboys were good too... they really hustled to take care of all our plates...
3	First buffet in the Buffet of Buffets tour.  I was only here for breakfast so I can't really judge the offerings later in the day.  However, the buffet seems small and I don't see it offering too much in terms of variety.The nice thing about this buffet is that they do offer champagne and bloody marys in the breakfast price.  Most buffets make you wait for the brunch hour around 10:30am.  A couple of mimosas started our Buffet of Buffets tour off right!They offer sticky buns and roasted chicken for breakfast.  So they try to keep it interesting.  The grits were pretty good but the scrambled eggs were runny. Nothing really looked fantastic and I was starving!  I'm not sure if it was the lighting or something, but nothing looked good. Nice view of the pool.  This was one of only two buffets in the Buffet of Buffets that had an outside view.  Decent buffet but it has size limitations.
4	We had $50 dining credit at Caesars and decided to go to lago buffet since other resturants we tried at Caesars before were not good and pricy. I was kinds of worried because of the bad review. It turns out not bad at all after comparing to the other two buffets at Flavor buffet (Harrah's) and spicy market buffet (Planet Hollywood) we had in this trip. We decide to eat as we are at a regular resturant to make our buffet taste better. So, we pay $8 ($29 pp minus $50 dining credit) for both of us to have nice beef noddle soup (pho), prime rib (with Vege), and desserts. I think that is a great deal. BTW, if you stay at Caesars, looking for their package deal for reservation to get a better deal. Service were all right as well.Here are some comments on lago:1). yes, there was a line before and after we eat (8:30 ~ 9:30 PM).2). the food selection is good enough (include seafood, Chinese, American, etc.. not as much as spice market buffet or flavor).3). Prime rib was pretty good4). Pho (beef noodle soup) at Chinese station is very good5). Desserts is very good
4	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #1 of 7 9:00 AMThe first stop in the BoB tour, I was very excited and had a game plan of trying to pace myself.....that plan flew out the window within 5 minutes...ha!The line wasn't long at all and our party of 6 was seated right away in a comfortable table near the buffet.  Since it was breakfast, I went for some Potatoes, Sticky Bun, and a Veggie Omelet on the 1st round.....the Omelet was huge and was the item that put me off pace.  It was all very good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=1_0JKkNJl0voH_6aTkzFIAThen, someone in the group mentioned that there was Pizza....what?!  At breakfast?!  I had to try it.....so I grabbed two slices of Pizza....that really blew my plan out of the water!  The Pizza was OK....I should have only had 1 slice, but I couldn't help it.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=BFsZj4u00m9buYo5LvZERwThey were serving Champagne and Mimosas, so that was a nice bonus....yum!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Ou8pYS24azDWG0ru_vUcqg?select=aSlc68DA1JhT9mYuyeQpQgOverall, the service was very good, the selection and quality of food was above average.  If I wasn't on my no-Meat fast I would have tried the carving station and had a few more items....next time.Return Factor - 90%
2	Worst Vegas buffet I've ever eaten at for lunch. There's hardly any desserts or side dishes. Half of the thier food was dry (chicken, fish, turkey, etc.) Definitely not coming back.
4	$27 was a little steep for dinner, but since I wasn't paying... I've never eaten a dinner buffet before but I feel like the options were slightly limited, however exceptionally good quality!My personal favorites: macaroni and cheese and this veggie saute that I cannot remember what was in it other than artichoke hearts. So good! I thought the prime rib was the best I've ever had, out of the bellagio buffet or the mirage buffet (both of which are great for brunch!)One other touch that I thought was great was their fresh, whole fruit stand. Kumquats, kiwi, baby pineapple, blood oranges, and baby bananas. I ate several kumquats and would have taken a pineapple except that they had some already cut up (that was perfectly ripe and sweet, by the way) so why bother?Next time we go up for memorial day weekend, we will be doing the buffet of buffets. If you time it right, you can get 4 meals out of it!
3	Food- 4 Stars Selection- 2 Stars We really enjoyed everything that we at at Lago. The Prime Rib was fantastic! But in a town that spoils us with it's overindulgent buffets, having a lackluster selection is going to glaringly stand out.
2	We stayed at Caesars Palace and decided to make our first buffet stop downstairs at Lago.  It was around 7:30pm and the cashiers were having some sort of problem because it was taking them literally 4 mins to process one guest....and we were a party of 13.....all paying separately.  I would say the only thing I enjoyed was the prime rib.  The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.  The cafe by work has more of a selection than here.  I do give them credit for the variety of dessert, but after being disappointed for dinner, I didn't crave any dessert.The only positive is that we bought the buffet of buffets deal so the other buffets made up for it.Caesars!  Step it up.
3	Ate at the Lago for dinner as part of the Buffet of Buffets promotion.  Since it's Caesars Place I admit that I had fairly high expectations for the food ... it was OK, but kind of a let down honestly.  There wasn't a very large variety of things to choose from - I went up to the buffet line twice and had sampled about 95% of the food available.  For dessert there was mostly just brownie type squares to choose from.  No ice cream, cookies, pie, etc.As part of the Buffet of Buffets special I'd go back, but I'd hit buffets at Paris or the Flamingo first before I came here.
1	This one is another NO.  A BIG NO.Came here for lunch during our period of Buffet of Buffets.  There were a couple of good items: braised short ribs & roasted chicken.  I had the crab legs (not Alaskan King Crabs), which tasted a bit old & just defrosted and the shrimp cocktails, which were completely tasteless.  Yes, I know you have to dip them in that cocktail sauce, but the cocktail sauce was way too strong for my tastes.The dessert section was limited as well.  No ice cream?  Come on, man.  This is Vegas!Here also the service really stunk.  Our waiter was gone for long periods of time but when he came around, he only serviced the tables next to us (HUH?).  Then when he refilled our waters, he refilled it with 7-up.  Blech.
3	It's not as expensive as the other buffets. The food didn't taste horrible, so that's why I gave this place 3 stars.They have almost the same lunch and dinner menu. The only difference is that during dinner time they had dim sum food. There was no soup at all when I was there. That made me extremely sad. The dessert was pleasant. No icecream, which also made me really sad. I guess in short, this buffet was contradictory to the buffets. I've never been to a buffet where they had no soup or icecream...There was everything else though...meat, crab legs...shrimp...
2	Came here because of the buffet PASS. I should've PASSed on this one!This was almost as bad as the Imperial Palace buffet!!! Bad customer service, it took 20 mins for the person to verify our room and pass. It took the host 10 minutes to seat us. (mind you, we were the only one in line at this time). The selections were ridiculously few. The crab legs were on ice. Dessert bar was nothing to brag about. My bf left his hat in our booth so he had to go back in to get it and the waiter we had was quite grumpy about it!I'm giving two stars for two reasons. 1. mash potatoes (it was so creamy and the best mash potatoes I've ever had the pleasure of eating). 2.Raspberry ice tea, just because it was the 2nd best thing there.Lago Buffet @ Ceasers, you are NOT the business! I expected more of Ceasers.
4	A little pricey but worth the price of admission, even after two nights in Vegas.  The asian section was very good, their pork buns were good and the gyoza were amazing.  As per usual for buffets, the place to load up is the dessert section.  The macaroons were great and the selection and quality of mini cakes and pies were great.  The fruit selection was good, even though the quality was a little lacking.  The pizzas and pasta were worth checking out, and the drink service was good.
5	I don't know how others would again, rate this buffet so low!!!  I went on a weekend, so I understood how pricing could be on the higher side.  However, this buffet was sooooooooooo much better than the stinky Rio Buffet from last year's Thanksgiving Vegas trip which I took with a different friend.  Caesar's Palace's Cafe Lago offered a wide variety of selections as well and true they may not be offering certain types of food selections, but I feel that customers need to think about the main THEME of this particular hotel and casino for crying out loud!!!!  Caesar's Palace----ALL Italian, and plus, since this is an ALL-Italian buffet, they still offered a section on Chinese cuisine which I think was an excellent idea.  What they offered their from the Chinese cuisine was soooooooooo much more edible than what I experienced sooooo horribly from Rio's damn buffet!!!!  In comparison to Rio's damn buffet, Caesar's Palace's buffet is 10X better plus they have a huge selection of a dessert bar.  I wish I coulda eaten more that day I went on Saturday, March/26/2011, but------I didn't wanna upset my stomach from over-eating....from the plates I had, it was worthwhile to experience this buffet.
1	WORST DINNER EVER!I could write a thousand words on this but i will keep it short. *Gave them two hours advance notice we had a party of 20, still waited 25 min. to be seated and the place was empty! I guess they just waited until we got there to push tables together. Worst part was that by the time we were seated we only had 30 min before they closed.*Charged 18% gratuity at a buffet??? for what...tap water??*dinner and tip was $35 and the food was bland and not fresh.*They would not let us through there "gate" to tell the rest of the party we were there without paying and they would not let us pay till the tables were ready.*Wait staff hounded us 3-4 times for our proof of paying slip and I reminded the staff that we cant even get in the door without paying and that's when they ACCUSED US OF STEALING! They later explained why they falsely accused us in front of other customers of trying to steal there food but no apology.  This was a surprise birthday party for a dear old friend. We are all professional looking well dressed adults. Well behaved and we were treated like criminals or bums. I wish I could rate no stars. I left feeling sad that my dear friend had to spend his birthday at this place and be treated this way. I regret not demanding for all of our money back.
1	I ve written beforer just how weak a buffet lago is, especially given the fact it is in Caesars, one of the premiere Casino properties in the World.  But Iate dinner here thurs, May 12, and i would say this buffet is an embarrasement.  I swear to you that if they were the same price, you would finds better flavor and variety at Old Country Buffet.Buffets in general stink.  You overeat.  But if thats how you want to roll, go to Bellagio or Wynn and pay $30 that is a lot more justified.  Variety here is weak.  Salad station non exsistent.  Dessert so underwhelming.  This place needs more space and a serious makeover is due.  Bring in a chef, not a food and beverage director to make this place respectable
1	DON'T COME HEREI didn't know they had buffets this bad. This was included on the 24hr buffet deal Vegas offers.  It looks promising from the outside, we went for dinner.  As soon as I walked down the line of food my smile went to a frown.  Nothing looked appealing and it was a small selection for food.They have random plastic cups with even more random things in them, I don't know if you are supposed to combine all of these little cups to make one salad or what, but it was lame.  The crab legs were super salty!  Soups were horrible and everything else looked so bad I couldn't even put it on my plate.  I thought okay this is a bust, but I'll go for dessert, it's hard to mess that up, right? WRONG.  They didn't even have ice cream, and desserts looked crumby.  What buffet in Vegas doesn't have ice cream!?!?!?  Oh wait, that's right THIS ONE.To top it off we left to see if there was something we missed that was edible and when we came back to our table there was a swarm, and I'm not exaggerating, of gnats hovering over our plates. EWW, we told the waiter who happen to ask us how everything was and he stares at our plates and says, "what do you want me to do about it?"  They should just close this down because whoever is running this shouldn't be in the food business.
1	I wish this place was not very memorable...it left a lasting impression of disgustingly BAD.  The buffet is tiny and the selection sucks.  Crab legs were tiny, still frozen in the center with some, and very limited; they constantly run out.  Meat selection was very poor and limited, tasteless, bland, and just yucky.  The only good part is we were on the BOB 24hr buffet deal...otherwise we would not have tried it....but after this experience, I would not return unless they paid me!  One of the worst part is the stupid little cups of salads and yogurt...it's like they are trying to be as cheap as possible, not to mention the folks behind the buffet...just rude and extremely unfriendly.Seriously...with the competition level of Buffets in LV...even though most buffet is a loss center to bring in gamblers...this buffet won't keep the players in the casino.
1	We've been going to Vegas buffets for 40 years - finally decided to try Caesar's. I figured that a 1st class resort would have a great buffet. WRONG!!!! Besides being the smallest buffet we've ever been to it was boring and uninteresting. Loaded with different pastas. Except for the cold shrimp, there were no shrimp dishes of any kind. Trays were left almost empty. I emailed the manager expecting at least an appology, but not even the courtest of a reply. This was the 1st time we ever left a buffet hungry. I hate to say this, but you would do better at any other buffet, and that includes Terribles! Actually, Hometown Buffet is better! Sorry, Caesars, you need to do a a LOT better.
1	My husband and I visited this buffet as part of the "Buffet of Buffets" tour in Vegas. This was the most terrible buffet I have ever been to in my entire life. Selections were limited and the food was not very fresh. I couldn't identify the contents of one of the fruit cups being served and asked the server what it was. She didn't know either! Neither did the other server she asked!I would have been sooo angry if i had paid for this buffet out of pocket and walked into what I did. Even if we were to return to Vegas and do the BOB tour, I would skip this dump.Honestly I was a little surprised how bad Lago buffet really was given that it is part of Cesar's resort. I've always envisioned Cesars as being a world class place. Boy did Lago chance my mind about that! The management really needs to clue in and fix this problem-child. It left a very bad taste in my mouth. AVOID this buffet! You will have better luck at Harrah's or the Rio!
4	I knew this place had bad reviews on Yelp before coming here, but I was looking for a light breakfast with the Buffet of Buffets pass before going to the pool, so I gave it a shot. Good choice!The breakfast I had was great. They had multiple different sausages and other meats to choose from. Scrambled eggs were excellent and they had a lot of pastries and fruit to try, although no desserts.Yes, the selection was very small here, but if you're looking for a light breakfast, especially with the BoB pass, don't be afraid to give Lago a chance.Would I try lunch or dinner here, maybe?
3	Pretty lame excuse for a buffet to be honest with you! Caesars has a pretty good reputation on the Strip so maybe I was expecting too much but I didn't think it'd be this bad! Lunch and Dinner selections were very limited and nothing really stood out about the food at all. It's not HORRIBLE though! I enjoyed breakfast here. The sausage and biscuits were really good and they had made to order eggs benedict. I also liked the sausage table with the different varities. It is a part of the buffet of buffet's pass and we ate here a ton of times since we stayed in the Augustus Tower and the buffet is literally 3 min away from our room. Service was also pleasant everytime so that's always nice.Really 2.5 stars, but I'm being generous with 3 stars..I'm glad breakfast was good here because it's nice to wake up and be able to use my pass right downstairs. But lunch and dinner, not so worthwhile..waste your calories at better buffets!
1	We had a free buffet ticket here but had heard bad things about it, so we decided to go for breakfast, because we figured it has to be hard to screw up breakfast.  This was like a Super 8 motel continental breakfast. Awful. Sucks!!  You would think for a place as nice at Caesar's Palace would have a better buffet!  They had breakfast stuff but then also dinner type stuff that we could only assume was leftovers from the prior night's dinner.  Will not be going back here again.
1	Horr-i-ble. Don't waste your time thank me later. Hit up Rio or Paris or flamingo. The best thing at this buffet was the corn on the cob. I created a yelp account just now so I can warn people like you my friend!!
5	We do not understand why Lago has such negative reviews - it is our favorite buffet, and we have done several.  Sure, it does not have as much variety as other casinos such as Planet Hollywood or Paris... the quality, however, is much better.  The meats are cooked better than most buffets, and the fresh fruit is usually much better.  We love their sugar-free desert options. Every time we go to Vegas, we look forward to eating at Lago.
1	They have limited selections :( Better go to Rio or Planet Hollywood
2	Mac n' Cheese, Potatoes, Pork chops (super dry) and breads was hard.Service was awful, I mean how many times do we have to flag you down to get our drinks refilled? When they do get filled sodas seem really flat, I ended up just drinking the water.I would say the best two things that I had that night were Pizza and Ice Cream. The person working the ice cream stand was super funny. I wish I could remember his name, but yeah made my night and glad he did cause the food wasn't all that good.Save your money for some where else or if you have the 24hr buffet pass, I would say avoid this one and go to another one.
2	Need more selections!Good thing I got the Buffet of Buffet 24h pass.
2	Expected better and was proven wrong, had dinner here.  Last stop for our BoB, which we barely beat the clock and expected a bigger, better selection.There were not as many stations as other buffets.  The dessert section is in the middle of the walkway to the tables, which was a weird layout because it was far away from the food and in the middle of foot traffic. The rice pilaf, shrimp, roasted potatoes had no flavor and the Pepsi was watered down.Just wanted to try it out and would not recommend it.  I guess there are better restaurants in the casino that the buffet was overlooked.The cashier was a little chatty and she took longer ringing people up.Our server was quick and always easy to spot.I do recommend the chocolate covered Oreo w/a strawberry looking item on top - it was not a strawberry just looked like one.
3	A-OK. We came here for lunch on a Saturday thinking that since its in Caesar's palace that it would be a nice place for buffet. Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere and the service was good but.. the food was just mediocre and the best part I thought was the desserts with all the mini dessert dishes. Overall, this wouldn't be my first pick. I would choose another buffet over this one.
2	I did see the reviews and I should have turned around, but I guess I had to experience it for myself.  I was tired after a long day and had no desire to move or walk around anymore and being hungry I walked into this buffet.  I wish I didn't.  For the price I should have walked myself back into the parking lot and drove over the Mandalay Bay's Bayside Buffet.When we were here most of the food in the enclosed hot buffet pots were way too salted and couldn't touch.  Perhaps the cook had an oops moment or something.  The meats were a bit dry and the selection that wasn't big didn't really look appetizing to me and for the most part I really didn't think it was all that fresh either.  It was just less than okay. The only thing I really stuffed my mouth with were the french macaroons I found in the dessert section which were pretty good and that was about the only thing I kept on going back for since the french macaroons just outside the buffet was costing like 3 for 10 dollars....lol.Unfortunately, I will never return to this buffet even if I am exhausted and do not have the energy to walk anywhere else I will find myself any fastfood  over this place and will save my money!
2	In years pass I thought Logo breakfast buffet was one of the best in Las Vagas. This was our first stop for breakfast upon getting there. We get about early enough to go to breakfast, as you know is not always the easyest thing to accomplish in Vagas. The wife and I drive over the Caeser's Palace, mouths watering! Pay the price of admission($40) wait to be seated. (This is where the fun begins.) Get seated, wait for the server to come get our drink order so we could get started on the buffet. We waited 15 minutes maybe longer, enough time for my wife to go get her plate and then me to leave and get my plate.  No one come to help us, let me preface this by saying the place was not full, and there was 3 tables occupied in the section of May 20 tables.  By the way no server yet, but there are to waitresses standing and talking about lifes many important events.  Finally waive a waiter down to see if we could get something to drink, he takes our order, yells at you guessed it one of the two ladies still yapping away.   Start to dig in and every thing was cold!  My scrambled eggs were runny,cold, crescent egg and cheese sandwich was, have you ever had cheese that was heated up then cooled down then heated back up, enough said! Sausage, ham, bacon all cold. My be it was just me I thought, so I went back up got a bagel and lox, cream cheese. How could this be bad, right? I should have known just by looking at the lox, they were sliced thicker then I'm use to be still I piled up 4 slices on one half of my bagel grabbed the other half smeared some cream cheese on it. Nooooooooo, the bagel was stale the lox were so fishy I spit them out. I asked my wife how her food was. Wouldn't you know it she had the experience was I did, go figure! Lol! I will probably give Casser's one more shot but this was one of the worst breakfast I have ever had. I could have gone to Denny's across the street, ate for less money and gotten better service and been happy! Proceed with caution!!!!!
3	I would say that as far as what I have heard from other people, this buffet is an okay place to be on the Vegas strip. I heard other places that are worse than this one. I will share that I ate here for breakfast and dinner and it has a great selection of foods and some that are cooked to order. However, I know that other buffets have a bigger selection, but hey, for being a buffet, it is quite good. However, sometimes the waiter service is kind of not so great since a couple of mistakes can come out of them. I would say not the greatest food, but very decent as to the food. Their deserts, though, are good, especially their cheesecake!!! I would also recommend getting a 24 hour buffet pass if you want to eat here and in 7 other buffets that are owned by the same casino guide. It is a great way to have it. It is only $45 if you inquire with them.
4	Buffet of Buffets Stop #2 - Monday 2pm (7/4/11).Despite the low ratings from others, I actually had a decent dining experience while eating at Lago Buffet.  It is quite difficult to find and yes, the selections are somewhat limited.  However, it is one of the BETTER buffets among Harrah's Buffet of Buffets in terms of QUALITY.The line was long due to the long weekend, but the good is that they served Dinner Menu All Day long.  Once seated, our waiter took our drink orders and surprisingly, even their soft drinks (Orange Juice, in this matter) taste better than Spice Market Buffets, I wonder why.Food wise, selections are limited, few breads, few salad toppings/dressing, Chilled Shrimp, Crab legs, Prime Rib and Ham, Sushi Roll, BBQ Chicken..etc.  However, the desserts occupied most part of the buffet.  Its extensive, carefully made, and delicious. I highly recommend this buffet for part of the Buffet of Buffet journey. Its perfect for lunch/afternoon tea or sweet lovers.
2	So we came here for lunch because we had the Buffet of Buffets deal and we were too lazy to walk over to Paris or some other hotel for lunch. We figured we would just eat enough to carry us over until dinner and that's exactly what happened. This wasn't because we were careful in not over eating, but because their selection is sooo little that there really wasn't anything to eat! The buffet is really small and nothing stood out to me. They have the bare minimum there. Not only that but our server SUCKED. Service was sooo slow and she never once refilled our drinks. We had to literally wave her down every time we needed something because she was too busy daydreaming about and walking like a snail then going into hiding. We definitely would not pay full price for this buffet. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else if you are paying full price for lunch or dinner.
1	$27 per person on a Saturday morning.  After waiting in line, for LESS THAN DENNY'S quality, we left shaking our heads and feeling terribly ripped off!  Horrible.  Do NOT, I repeat, not go to this.  Not a single thing was good.  Extremely limited selections. Downright terrible.  Caesars, you should be ashamed.
5	Did the Buffet of Buffets thing and went here twice.  Always my favorite for breakfast, since it has nice thick bacon and good french toast.  I usually just fill up on that 3 or 4 plates then hit some melon to trick myself that I'm doing something healthy.  Attendants are fast with the drink refills here
2	My friends and I came here on a Sunday for lunch because the line at the Bellagio buffet was too long. This place didn't have a line and we should have realized why. The food selection is very small and they have a lot of bread and pastas. The meat and crab were very dry and we couldn't even finish a plate. The dessert section was limited also and their ice cream machine was broken! The only good thing about this place is their service.
3	The service here is top notch and you should definitely leave a huge tip.The food is not as bad as some have been saying. The buffett selection is not that great and taste can be improve a notch.
1	After my horrendous experience here I would NEVER want to go back nor would I EVER pay for the crappy ass service presented here. I am highly allergic to seafood and so I saw this label stating "chicken" but when I saw the entree itself it looked like salmon so I wanted to be sure and I was RIGHT. So when I asked the lady behind the counter she goes "its salmon" so I ask so then where is the chicken and it states chicken. So then she rudely replies "DIDNT I JUST SAY ITS SALMON?!" and then says to me"THERE IS NO CHICKEN....NOW DO YOU HAVE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR ME" So I said NO and quickly went to the manager and told her the situation and the best thing done was that the labels were rearranged but as far as that bitchy waitress or server, she was never handled. F%ckin ridiculous is if you ask me! NEVER NEVER NEVER again! DONT BOTHER COMING. As far the food goes the orange chicken tasted like literal oranges (gross) the drinks, even fountain drinks are served in wine glasses. Premade salad served in cups. I think their "cup happy" LOL this place was fckn hard to find within all of the caesars palace properties. It is so confusing. Anyways so we went to hell and back to find it.  The pesto tortellini very dry and lacking salt. The mashed potatoes were surprisingly good, the extra large stuffed ravioli was just OK. The little trays that are heated towards the wall are so annoying because the lid keeps fallin down while youre trying to get your food. Their labels dnt match their entrees even their desserts are served in mini shot glass sized cups. The apple crunch dessert is tasty. Strawberry shortcake is just okay. The chocolate pudding was good (liked the crunch on top) because it gave it some texture and they had this one dessert that looked like whipped cream who knows maybe it was! It tasted like a slab of whipped cream because it was so fluffy and light, hardly any flavor idk if its trying to be a whipped cheesecake but if so it was an epic fail.The white chocolate macadamia cookie really good BUT really hard lol not a fan of the chocolate chip cookie very dry and mediocre. Just because SOME of their desserts were tasty it doesnt reimburse the horrible experience and other food I had encountered here
1	went to the buffet because we were staying at the casino. really bad service.. our waitress saw that we no longer had drinksbut continued to clean her tables and then proceeded to walk off. the food was not all that. the buffet was really small considering it was in caesars. personally, save your money and go to a different buffet.
2	I really wish I would of logged on here and saw the reviews of this dismal buffet before I went. It would of saved me $29.13 & long lines.Being that the buffet was located inside of the illustrious Caesar's Palace, I expected pure decadence. Uh...no. Basic Golden Coral fare was what I got.Dry, tough meats, lackluster dishes and terrible mimosas were served. The best part of the food was the dessert, Mmm. That's how it got 2 stars. If you want a fantastic buffet full of variety in Vegas, bypass Lago's and go to Rio's.
2	My friends and I got the all day buffet pass and decided to come here for dinner since we figured Caesars Palace would deliver on a meal with lots of grandeur.  Well, let me say...we were SHOCKED to see the small selection. The stuff I tried was OK, not great.tri tip - pretty flavorful and they offered different temps of meatsalads - served in individual glass cups..kinda cool I guessdumplings - your usual potstickerspasta with tomato sauce - pasta a little too soft for my tasteHonestly, I expected more. My friends were sooooo disappointed we wasted part of our meal here, we decided to bounce and head on over to the buffet at Planet Hollywood. Good thing we got the pass because I would've been extremely unhappy paying full price for this buffet alone. Service was friendly though so I give them that! There was very little grandness to it all overall. Surprising because as we looked out the window to the pool, we saw a HUUUGE pool area and amazing fountains. The buffet itself was very plain and casual. What a weird contrast.
2	An average buffet at a world known hotel/resort/casino.One of the Buffet of Buffets tour. Cesar's Lago is just ok with it's own jems. Overall the selection is very limiting. You have the standard buffet items roast beef, mac n cheese, desserts, a few asian, italian, and american fare. A few items i tried,Crab legs - very salty and hard to peel. Most seafood is from frozen, but this offering wasn't top notch.Meat carvings - pretty good, average for buffetsOmalete station - pretty good, a friend got a custom omelete i had a few bites from. should have got that. hahaDessert - decent selection with and ice cream/gelato stationSushi - three items, wasn't appetizing at all. avoid the sushi.This isn't one of the buffets to go out of your way for. Unless you find yourself walking by, have the buffet pass and need some quick grub. Service was good for us, no issue with that. However, there are far better buffets to go to in the Buffet of Buffet list. 2.5stars
3	I only came here because we had the 24 multi-buffet pass.. otherwise I  would never try it for the price. I'm not sure how much it was regularly but if I had to pay full price it might be 1-2 stars.  Food was all mediocre.. there is a fruit basket so bring a big purse/backpack and take some to go for room snacks! I know I'm super cheap haha.. I'll shell out the cash for exceptional food but places like this I've got to cut all the corners I can to make it more worthwhile lol. The one thing they have going for them is the dessert bar!!! I wasn't completely blown away by most of the items in particular but I did like how tiny the desserts were so you could try a huge variety! :) OMGosh the one item I will be coming back for is the *chocolate covered mousse truffle (whatever they are called) oreo kisses!!!!! Seriously are out of control GOOD!!! I'm bringing tupperware in my purse next time and loading up on these little babies!!! omygoodness!! hahaDecent ice cream, getting a waffle cone makes it kind of fun.I'd only come here with the buffet pass, save one of your meals for another buffet and come here for dessert =)
4	Lago Caesars Buffet is not big.  It is not grand.  You do not get a touristy vegas buffet vibe to it.   It feels more like a hotel cafe than a buffet and sometimes that is a good thing.   Normally, I would go to Aria or Wynn or Cosmo, but if I use Harrah's Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass, I find myself coming to the Lago Buffet most often.   This is definitely not a special occasion buffet nor a place to showoff to vegas newbies and I wouldn't pay regular price for this buffet, but I know what to expect.I think people are generally being harsh because it is small and unlike the other buffets like RIO and Spice Market at PH.    Don't come with high expectations and the buffet is fine.
1	We got the Buffet of Buffet passes for Vegas where we can eat at any of Harrah's 7 hotels, and this one was the most disappointing. I expected much better than this because it was located in Caesars Palace Hotel & Casino. The food was just straight up nasty. They didn't have a lot of selections and everything tasted like it came out of a can. Not only that, the buffet was hard to find! lol
3	Food was decent, service was horrible. Our waitress only served us drinks one time throughout the 45 minutes we were there.We got the 24 hour deal for $54. It was worth it once we tried other buffets, ended up getting 4 good meals out of it!!
3	Clean. Selection is limited but the quality beats many other buffet of buffet colleagues. Desserts are very good.
2	2.5 stars. We were here because of a friend's recommendation (she loves the mussels here) and because we had that $49/24 hours of buffets meal deal. The food was okay, but they have a very small selection, especially compared to the other buffets on the Strip. The mashed red-skinned potatoes were very sour like they had a splash of lemon juice or capers or something on them -- not so great. It was all very run-of-the-mill food, but there were a few standouts:- Chocolate truffle/light fudge covered oreos dipped in chocolate -- divine. I still have dreams about it. - Mussels in a light and spicy tomato broth- Prime rib with horseradish sauce- Buttery corn on the cob- Green bean casserole- Peanut butter gelatoTheir other gelatos, particularly the peaches and cream, lychee, and banana flavors just tasted -- for lack of a better word -- soapy. The strawberry was okay, and the peanut butter chocolate chip was really good. But all the gelati had a really runny not-frozen-all-the-way texture that was mildly unpleasant. I really like the decor here; it's nice and open and has shades of royal blue and gold-ish beige all over the place. Very nice.Service was slow. We had plates pile up, and it took an eternity for us to get our first refill on drinks, which was at the very end of our meal. Not sure if I'll be back without virtue of the 24-hour buffet deal pass. It's pretty price-y regularly priced for what it is.
2	This was the smallest buffet that we visited in Vegas, and the least impressive. We went for lunch on our last day and luckily, after eating at other buffets the day before, we weren't all that hungry. I ended up mostly filling up on salad and bagels with lox/cream cheese, pretty unremarkable for a buffet but that's really all that looked good to me there. Other items included a few pasta dishes, carved meats, and one or two breakfast items like scrambled eggs and sausage. I tried one or two of these things and was unimpressed, so  just went back for salad, pretty boring!The two positive things I can say about this place are 1) that there was no wait time to get in and 2) you can get an ice cream cone to enjoy as you leave the buffet.
1	This is the worst buffet I have been to in Las Vegas. It reminds mind of a comic strip that I saw in the Chicago Tribune Sports section many years ago where the whole Russian baseball team had to take the walk of shame out of the dugout into the clubhouse and be replaced by a whole new team walking from the clubhouse to the dugout because the first team sucked. This is what Ceasar's Palace should do to the chefs that work on this buffet.The pork chops and prime rib were dried out and inedible. The apple that I tried was old with that brown stuff inside. The three bean salad had cilantro sprinkled all over, who does that? I could go on and on, I will post pictures at a later time.
1	this place does not deserve any stars at all. My boyfriend and I were looking for a breakfast place and we ran into this one. We thought "how can you really screw up breakfast?" LAGO DID!!We went for brunch, i think we JUST missed breakfast and I think it was 10am when we came. We paid about $26 per person and that was $26 down the drain for each of us.The scrambled eggs looked so runny (egg beaters not even real eggs) and the hash browns tasted powdery...(it was probably instant). LIke everyone else says, there was not much to choose from. The beef i had was SO salty, at least it wasn't dry. The oatmeal was okay.  I had salad and I felt i could make a better salad at home. There wasn't many toppings or dressings to choose from. The best thing there was probably the fruit. Nothing really looked that appetizing so I didn't eat too much. We were both really disappointed with this buffet, especially with it being in such a nice hotel, you'd think it would be better! It was so bad that i forgot I was even in a nice hotel, I thought i was in some dinky hotel.Listen to me and everyone else, STAY AWAY from this buffet.
2	This is the worst buffet (of the major hotels) that I have been to in Vegas. Critiques:-very limited food selection-no food cooked to order-weak seafood (what buffet doesn't remove shells from the shrimp?)-pastries were hard and clearly made in bulk-few fruits
2	Finally, the elusive Lago Buffet in Caesar's Palace.... After all these years of hearing how this buffet was lacking in food for it being in Caesar's Palace I finally gave it a try... and guess what?  All the reviews were right on the lacking part of things... so here's what I thought of it...1)  Decor was awesome!  Loved the interior and the design of the place... it's more like fine dining compared to a buffet... nice booths, white table-clothed linen tables, beautiful lighting, etc...  1 star2)  Service was great!  Our waitress was so attentive and was always around when we needed... just keeping the table clean and table cloth tidy is totally cool of her.  Service received 1 starSo what about the food you ask?  Well.... not much...Despite the fact that everyone in my party enjoyed the food, I, for one, was definitely not excited.  Being inside one of the most prestigeous casinos how you gonna have like a 5 stations buffet including salads and dessert?  I totally seen better.......Everything I picked seems like it's either chicken or some sort of veggies... there is one single fish dish, and that's pretty much all the exciting choices that I can find... (and it was dry!)  Seriously folks... 2 chicken dishes done differently but they are still chicken.  Salad stations lack in choices of toppings, etc... I don't know.... I really don't have much to say about this buffet's edible contents... it's just so lacking....So for all of you who is planning to visit vegas, for the price of $26 you can "DEFINITELY" go to another exciting buffet that will leave you breathless (literally)...but if you end up going for the 24hrs buffet feast, it wouldn't hurt to give this place a try...  other than that... it's really not worth the visit...
5	my favorite of the Buffet of Buffets.  Most people like the carnival world buffet better.  yeah that one had more selection but in terms of quality of the food, this one was tops.  it was so good that we had breakfast and dinner here.compared to the other vegas buffets, this one was on the small side.  but it made up for it in the quality of the food.  for breakfast the standouts for me were the omelet station, steak and eggs, and the endless assortment of pastries.the dinner was all about the prime rib and the crab legs and the sauteed mushrooms.  damn just thinking of the crab legs makes me wanna plan another day trip to Vegas.  service was great too!
3	This was the last buffet my boyfriend and I came to on our BOB adventure. We had just eaten at the Rio and came to Lago really for desserts.But of course, when we got there, we decided to eat some regular foods. This buffet was definitely the smallest of the three we went to. Actually, I think this buffet is smaller than Hometown Buffet. Anyways, I ate some bread...after doing some searching for butter. I know, it sounds minimal, but I really wanted bread and butter...but the butter is not with the bread? It's over by the salad part station, weird. Anyways, I got my bread and butter. I also got some ribs, but I was SO full that I think I only ate one. It tasted good, but I was so full that I really didn't want to eat anymore. I all the food settle though before going over to the desserts. At first, I didn't see the desserts and was like "WTF"?!?! But then realized that it was in the middle of the restaurant. I agree, the desserts are the best here! Service was a little slow on refilling drinks. He'd take our plates, but wouldn't ask if we wanted a refill, when we obviously had no more soda left. And the lady that was working as the cashier was super slow. I'm glad we had a lot of time to spare because I would have been sad if we didn't make it into this last one because the lady was ringing so slowly. Due to the small selection, I wouldn't come here on it's own. There's not enough to feel like I'd get my money's worth here. But if you're doing the BOB, coming here for the desserts is good enough!
4	Food is awesome! I'm thinking many people might not like this buffet because it is smaller than most of the others around the strip and therefore not as much selection.  But we did enjoy the actual food more than the other buffets so I guess it depends on what your goal is.My husband said it was the best prime rib he's had in 15 years. All of the food was superb quality.I was a little disappointed in the deserts. I thought they could have done better with that. It looked like the same desserts they had at all of the other Harrah's buffets.
4	So ... ... I really loved this buffet? *hides*Maybe it was the low expectations from reading all the Yelp reviews while waiting in the (short) line for brunch; thanks guys! I honestly had a really great experience here.This was my last BoB stop, which began the previous day with brunch at Paris. The selection is definitely smaller than the rest of the places we went to, but quality-wise, there was no comparison -- Lago all the way! Think about it, at a regular restaurant, all you want is 1 delicious entree and a couple of sides to be satisfied. How many yummy dishes do you REALLY need to happily stuff your face? If 5 to 10 quality choices isn't enough then... I don't know what to tell you?So I think we arrived around 10am on the Saturday after Thanksgiving, and the wait was maybe 10 mins? They were serving breakfast foods when I arrived; exactly what I was craving post-clubbin'. Their eggs were way better than Paris's, quite the selection of meats, and the omelette station looked pretty legit. Plate 1 was sampling, obviously, but when I went back for plate 2, things started getting confusing... within 10 minutes, all the breakfast dishes had been replaced with lunch options. Not gonna lie, I was pretty upset at first (MORE BACON!!) but I stopped, thought about it, and realized I was getting 2 buffets for the price of 1! (Actually, it was BoB so more like 5 buffets for 1, but you get the point.) Which is perhaps why I wasn't too disappointed in their selection, who knows.Prime rib, prime rib, prime rib, punctuated by a slice of bone-in ribeye. Mac n cheese -- the kind with a thick crusty layer on top, not the watery out of a box kind. Some guy whose job is only to cut fresh fruit and arrange the slices delightfully on a platter. Pretty good pizza for a buffet. Hot peppery chicken strips for the little ones and taste-bud-challenged. A selection of cold salmon, cheese, etc. Warm croissants. Funky looking dim sum things. After a plate of prime rib and mashed taters (post breakfast, mind you), how much more can a person eat? Even if the buffet had been a billion times larger, I still would have stuck with eating what I did.Desserts were bomb, but my tummy was so distended by the end of 24 hrs BoB adventure that I only tasted some of the creme brulee, mini key lime pie, cookies dipped in the chocolate fountain, and gelato served in a waffle bowl. (Yikes, loseit.com here I come...)Service was admittedly lacking; had to repeatedly work pretty hard to flag down waiters to fill out waters and get coffee. Environment was classy, well-lit, and welcoming; I wouldn't have felt as comfortable anywhere considerably fancier. Oh, and I thought it was kind of hard to find, so don't feel too bad if it takes you a while to get there. :-)In summary, Lago has a lot going for it. I don't know how I would have felt paying full price for a meal, but as part of the larger experience, I was totally satisfied. Come prepared to have a good meal with a few quality entrees, and save some room for dessert! Breakfast ends early-ish, so take that into consideration.
2	Definitely a nice LOOKING buffet but not a nice tasting buffet. I came here with the buffet of buffets. This place gets two stars because of the decor... Everyone was raving about the desserts at the Caesar's buffet. So I thought I had to try it. But to my dismay, this was not good for even desserts. I tried every single dessert at the buffet and not one was memorable.  Most of the desserts consist of cream, and on the heavy sweet side.I uploaded a few photos of the desserts, the selection was less than the buffet at Paris and Planet Hollywood. The only food item I liked was the noodle soup at the Asian bar and the pesto pasta. The ribs on the serving platters were too dry and most of the other items did not look too appetizing. If you are aiming to try all the 7 buffets with the 24hr pass, I would not waste my time at Lago. Go to Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, Paris, Rio or even Harrah! At least service was good... that's because not many people were eating here!
1	Not a great Buffet  by any means.  Still, you have you're usual items for dinner like the Carving Station, a variety of desserts, an obligatory amount of Chinese food, and a seafood section.  The overall decor of the restaurant is very nice, with it's super high back booths tasteful "aqua" color scheme. The fact that they heat up the crab legs for you is a plus.  There is a chef that puts your crab legs you've selected in hot water to heat it up for you.  The salad bar section is very small and selection is very limited when it comes to fruits.  On a positive note, there is hand-scooped ice cream with Waffle Cone.  A nice touch, as not many buffets have hand-scooped ice cream.  While participating in the Buffet of Buffet, my group decided on going to 2 dinner buffets at the same night.  So we stopped by the Lago Buffet at around 9:20PM, buffet closes at 10PM.  No problem, we thought.  So we ate dinner then dessert.  It was around 15 min after closing, they dimmed the lights.  However, our group was still finishing up our desserts.  Then 10 min later, they turned the lights out completely!  So there we were in the dark finishing up.  Wow.  If you let someone in at 9:59PM, you still need to allow them time to get all the food and at least half an hour to eat all the food.  This is after all, a buffet.  People need to be allowed time to eat all their food.Turning off lights when a customer is eating.  Unacceptable.
3	Good food. Not enough variety. I went to the sunday brunch. Service was great. Lisa tried the dessert bar and had a sampler of minis. Her comment: "Delicious!". The wait was about 20 minutes but there was plenty of food.
1	This is by far the worst buffet my boyfriend and I have EVER been to.  Went here about 1:30 pm on Saturday, 12/17/11.  After 20 min of waiting for my tea, I asked our waitress again.  10 min later she came over with one.  She also took a whole plate of watermelon away that I hadn't even touched, and didn't ask if I was done.  I can deal with bad service, however, at a buffet.What I can not deal with is bad food.  There was no selection.  Very small buffet.  The food they did have was crap.  Tasted like frozen food re-heated.  They weren't refilling anything in the buffet, so you'd have to ask for them to, and then they'd give you this dirty look like you were creating a sin asking for this.Didn't have any butter sauce for crab legs.  No spreads for bagels or bread.  Salad bar sucks.  Desserts taste like plastic.I also can't believe they charge $30.  I should've waited in line forever at the Bellagio buffet and paid less for way better food.
4	Why are people so harsh on buffets? Maybe it's on the service rather than the food? I dunno.Anyways, I really enjoyed this buffet. I had the 24 hour buffet pass and this one was wonderful compared to the others.The pastas and the desserts were notable and the other foods were all-around good. Not the largest selection, but it what they did serve was very tasty.I liked this buffet and that's all that really matters.
1	Caesar's Palace fails to deliver as one of the top rated hotels in Las Vegas, Nevada when Lago Buffet was sheepishly introduced as a cut-down offering to those who seek the best in buffets.Overheard in the Rewards Center from the employees is the hype that the food quality is "up there but the variety is very small".  Unfortunately, the food preparation compares to that of a Denny's Restaurant at Bellagio prices!  Even the servers and employees are embarrassed to recommend Lago Cafe.Pricing is about $20 per person for breakfast with 12 different entrees. Scrambled eggs, hash browns, 3 types of sliced bread, two types of sausages, carved chicken, ham and roast beef, biscuits and gravy and finally mashed potatoes.  Of course there are coffee, orange juice with more arsenic and cranberry juice.For lunch, add $5 more and get skinny king crab legs that are cured in salt water and washed out shrimp.  Lots of cheap pasta.  For kosher folks, you get slimy salmon and suspiciously low grade beef that may not be kosher.Anyone who endorses Caesar's Lago Buffet has to be stupid because there are far better spreads with first rate chefs that runs circles around this over rated scam.Which one's?  I mentioned it. Bellagio.  For around $22 including tax, you get over 3 times the entrees that actually taste like a cuisine. Unlike Lago, Bellagio actually has pride in their presentation and flavors.  Each taste, each morsel is filled with surprising good flavors and desserts! Let's talk desserts.  Lago presents crummy cookies and questionable donuts that are laughably small.  Bellagio? WOW!Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago can be best described as disappointing and a waste of money.  People who praise Lago are simply not smart or have common sense. When employees in private don't recommend Lago, then that says a lot about why you should go elsewhere.Caesar's Palace Buffet Lago food can be best compared to Sunset Station's Buffet.  Food is OK quality. The only difference is that Sunset Station charges $7 versus +$20 for a lot less variety of food.
1	Caesar's Palace is a world known hotel & casino. Now it is known as the worst and most disappointing buffet in Las Vegas, Nevada.  The selection is very small. What is served is not top notch but quality of a Hometown Buffet for $30 per person.Why would anyone go to Cafe Lago Buffet?  Because the allure of Caesar's Palace first class aura.  Don't be fooled and lied to by employees who post here.  Lagos will disappoint and insult you for paying for what you will never get.  Service is Off and On.  Undependable.  I was warned and did not believe. Now I know that I will not recommend this POS in Caesar's Palace.  You can dress a dog and make it stand on it's hind legs but it is still a dog.  Apologies to all dogs but not about Cafe Lago Buffet. Lago is all about the con games played out.  Bring you in and flip you for being a fool.  So don't be fooled. Go anywhere but here at Lago Buffet and be happy, not sad.  I'm serious!
1	Of all of the awesome food in Vegas,  Caesars ought to be ashamed of this buffet.  The food was not even mediocre.  Since I was served a cold piece of pork that was inedible, the worse part was my boyfriends RAW piece of lamb.  Not rare, RAW.  We couldn't believe it!  The only things we could stomach were the crab legs ( served cold, not hot ) and a couple of the deserts that actually had flavor.  Small selection for any day, much less Christmas Day when they should have had an opulent spread.  Go anywhere but here!!!  The only bright part of this meal was our server and I truly felt sorry for her.... she deserves a better place to work.
3	This is a tricky one to review.  I've eaten here about 10 times so know it pretty well.  Of all the CET buffets this is my favorite for Breakfast but least favorite for Lunch or Dinner (well excluding IP buffet which is just awful...).First off the selection is small compared to other buffets.  I think this has the least impact on Breakfast and much more of an impact on Lunch and Dinner. The room is very nice, and you can sit outside in the summer which is awesome.LOVE the pork belly for Breakfast, sliced to order.  Nice to see Salmon also available.It is pricey.  I always use comps so generally don't care about that, but if you are paying cash I could see how you would feel short changed.Looking at the reviews I can understand all the "1" star rating, but they don't tell the entire story.Go for Breakfast and use comps :)
1	Came to Vegas and super excited. Seeing our choices for the 24 hour buffet pass, we thought Caesars must be good since its a major casino.Well. We had to wait two hours in line to enter. One cashier only. A manager was looking over her but not jumping on the register. His excuse? I don't know how to run the register. Then he was lost for one hour looking for another cashier. This line was on the brink of a full blown riot. Got in exhausted. Food was mediocre at best.
1	Yelp should allow you to give negative stars because of places like this. How on earth is this place still even open?! Okay so we came here because we were freaking starving and tired of driving the strip for a place to eat....why on earth did we decide on this place...I still cannot answer that question to this day. Everything about this place was just plain bad. There was little to no variety in the food, and when they ran out of something, it was never replenished - at least not during our time there . Strike one. I could have dealt with the bad food but to top it off, it seemed like every employee serving the food behind the buffet bars absolutely HATED their jobs/life. We overheard an elder lady ask if that was all the sushi they had, the response from the man behind the counter "We have 5 kinds, how much more do you want!". OKAY...REALLY?! No one is forcing you to work there man! Strike two. The best part of our experience here is that when we left the table to get food, our table was cleared and reset a total of three times. THREE TIMES!!! WTF!!! How does that even happen at a buffet....we weren't even gone that long! We were able to come back to our table at the wicked spoon after 15 minutes without worrying about our drinks and forks disappearing! Strike three....Don't just walk away from this place, run, run as fast as you can, even a food court is better than this place.
1	This has to be the lamest buffet I've ever been to. Selection and food sucked - oysters were gritty, sushi was not fresh, crab legs were ice cold and bland. And they should not call that soup pho. Service has horrible too - we had to ask 3 separate servers for refills.I actually went here last November so my trip wasn't recent. I just haven't had a chance to write a review. You'd think time would lessen my hatred of this place but the experience was just so bad! Worst. Buffet. Ever.
1	This place is closed. Not sure if its closed for renovations or something else. However, after looking at the Yelp reviews I am glad we didn't get to try this place. Must've been crappy. Wasted my time trying to look for it the other day.
1	If I could give this buffet 0 stars I would. Out of the buffets to choose from out of the buffets of buffets deal, this one is the worst buffet I've been to. It's small and  the food was lame. Although Cesar's palace is a very classy and fancy hotel, with the awesome swimming pools, the forum shops, the fountains outside etc.. The buffet isn't good at all, there are better places to eat at Cesar's palace than this buffet.
2	I never knew Caesars had a buffet until I found about the Lagos buffet and I was excited to try it and had big expectations since it was in Caesars Palace, Harrah's top tier property.  The line to get in was very long unless you were a Diamond or higher Total Rewards member. The buffet wasn't what I expected and compares to the Treasure Island's Buffet, small and limited selection.
1	So I took my parents here during Christmas Day because a lot of my friends raved about the food. They were in deed open. We stood in line for 4 hours waiting to get in. The sign outside said it was approximately a 3 hour wait.  After standing there for 3 hours we find out there was an express line. That if you paid extra $20 your can get in faster. AFTER STANDING there for 3 hours it seemed pointless to pay that freaken $20...now. Just wished someone from the hotel would have let us know...sooner...ANYways, we still ended up waiting another hour to get in to the damn buffet.. so sad..By that time we were obviously starving.. I felt so bad for my parents... as we get in its  about 10:30pm and they told us we had to hurry because they were about to close in 30 mins. So basically we had to rush an get the left over food because they weren't cooking anything fresh anymore and then get out....I was super pissed that they didn't have the courtesy to inform people this information as they were standing in line. They just let all of us wait... i was so disappointed with the customer service. I had to write this review! DONT LET THIS happen TO you!
3	We ate here as part of our Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass.  This was our last stop, and I must admit we were not that hungry.  Still, we decided to be pigs and fill up some more.We arrived for an early lunch, and there was about a 20 minute wait.  This was acceptable.  The atmosphere was fine, and the service was as well.  The buffet options were limited.  The place was pretty small compared to most other buffets on the Strip.  This surprised me cause this is Caesar's Palace.  Still, we were fine with the food options.  Nothing tasted bad.  Nothing tasted excellent either.  So just okay overall.Unless, we were comped for eating here.  I do not think that we would pay to eat here because there are many better choices in Las Vegas to spend your money.
1	Reservation counter person told me and families to wait in buffet queue and we were literally kicked out saying we were queue without paying and the staff allowed everyone behind us to go in. We were with two kids and is was roaming around for 45 mins with starving kids. What else can we say about this. They suck
