4	My mom, who comes from a family of amazing cooks, was very excited when Trader Joe's opened a store near our house. I thought the food was all very odd when I was little, but now I see the beauty. This Trader Joe's is an awesome store, maybe because it's brand new. It's never to crowded in there, and the staff was shockingly nice and friendly. If you like Whole Foods or Sprouts than you should check out Trader Joe's. It's a bit smaller, but they have an awesome selection of groceries.
4	Right....I love TJ's.  I do almost all of my shopping there.  But again this location is lacking.The produce section is usually good (although they were out of spaghetti squash the other day, bummer) much better than the Scottsdale Rd location.  The frozen section is good.  But they are still missing some of my favorites.  (10 grain bread! Please!)  I have a gripe with the wine section though, its poorly organized and you really have to search for the wine you're looking for.  (Or even the type of wine you are looking for...Pinot Grigio can be in 2-3 different spots..)It is always crowded.  The kid carts, while cute, are a PITA.   It just means that kids are running all over haphazardly with these carts (and they don't know better, they are 4 years old) and you have to watch out for them.
4	I freaking love Trader's.  I do the majority of my grocery shopping here and I think it says something that I usually leave feeling accomplished and excited to get home and dig into my bags!  This location did some remodeling last year to try to make more room, but it can still be pretty crowded at times.  To be honest, I don't mind (just ditch the cart and stick with the basket strategy) as I enjoy being a total stalker and secretly checking out what other people are putting into their carts -- Trader's has tons of cool and interesting stuff so it's always fun to try something new (I highly recommend checking out their sample/demo booth to get new ideas).  Favorite Traders-only staples (all Trader Joe private label brand) that keep me coming back:* Habenero-Lime Salsa (super spicy, but cut it with sour cream--YUM)* Soy-Flax Seed Tortilla Chips* Olive Tapenade* Verde Enchiladas (frozen)* Organic Ketchup (I bet you thought all ketchup was equal, but this stuff is amazing!!)* Roasted Tomato & Red Pepper Soup (this has been out of stock lately, but if you see it, grab 3!)
4	This place never ceases to amaze me.  Usually, I go to the one on Camelback near the Biltmore.  I now work in the Scottsdale Airpark, so I go to FLW.  I love walking into Trader Joe's.  It feels so peaceful and happy and...nice!  I wanted hummus.  Found two kinds that are DE-LISH!  Roasted garlic and the other is spicy hummus.  A girl at the office had these cheese puffs and I had to get them!  they are Buccaneer Joe's White Cheddar corn Puffs. YUM!  I also got some dunkers.  They are good for a sweet fix. Flowers were cheap and I wish I were home more often to buy some to enjoy.Minus one star for my grumpy cashier.  Geesh.  He works at Trader Joe's - be happy about that!I adore Trader Joe's.  I would grab its hand, hop in the R32 and take it to Vegas!
4	Alright alright already....before i choke on blood from biting my tongue I'm going to write about the ONLY grocery store I need in life.  I have been desperately trying to keep this place a secret bc you know exactly what happens when a store gets popular, trendy..THE place to go.  Quality goes down, prices go up and it's a frickin madhouse to maneuver your way through.  The masses catch on & it's all down hill from there friends.  However, I'm trusting you fellow Yelpers to not let the cat out of the bag!!So I shop at Trader Joe's often weekly and let me just tell you I get more grub here for a fraction of the price than Basha's, Safeway...etc.  It's wonderful for meals for one or two people.  The food is always fresh and authentic.  The staff is ecstatic  to help you...not annoyingly ecstatic....helpful ecstatic.  They are all happy, joking, cool to chat with.  They empty your cart themselves to scan all your goods AND they go-green bags are only 99 ents!! I own 8 which I'm sure I'll never use in one trip but hey they're great to take for other shopping so you don't need a bag.If you find a product you've never tried they will actually go in th back and get you a sample!  WTF?? really!?!  The specialties I found are:  all their marinara sauces and pasta, all kinds of dips like cilantro yogurt, homemade pesto, nuts galore!, soy/flax seed tortilla chips with fresh pico & salsa, the frozen blueberries are like the size of grapes, the tea selection is dynamite, japanese ice cream, soups, hard to find wines at WAY better prices than World Market, the ready made salads and wraps are GREAT I usually get a few for lunchtime....much better for you and better than a soggy Lean Cuisine, the also have great ready to cook meals such as the Mediterranean stuffed chix, and marinated kabobs for grillin'!The only thing that' missing is a wider selection of produce (what they do have in stock is delish) paper towels and other napkin products. That's ok it gives you a reason to stop by other stores and be proud of how much money your saving and how much more fresh, whole foods you are ingesting.Trader Joe's please don't get too commercial on me!! I'm in my own personal crusade to not succumb to "the corporate chain store/ restaurant."
5	I am crazy about TJ's.  The food is fresh and the prices are outstanding. There are so many things I can only find there as opposed to other stores. For example, I love almond butter and they have an excellent brand at an incredibly low price. Plus, the people are incredible; friendly, helpful, and courteous.  Thanks so much to TJ's for coming to AZ.
4	Friendly Service, Interesting Variety of Packaged Goods, Nice Atmosphere.Trader Joes pleasantly surprised me in my college years. Its incredibly convenient if  you have a hectic lifestyle with very little time to prepare food! Many of the items I've had are quite good. Honestly- 90%  of the items can be made at home with a little planning & effort, but who wants to do that when its right at your fingertips :PMy favorites- Plantain Chips, Molten Chocolate Cakes, Organic Baby Lettuce, Mango-Passion Fruit Juice!
5	Love this place! The staff are always very friendly and often even entertaining. Our favorite products from here are their iced green tea - very refreshing  and their yogurt - creamiest you will find.Their baked goods are delicious! Have yet to try all of them, but can definitely recommend their muffins, chocolate, banana and chocolate, cranberry and mango, blueberry. Also my latest discovery is their blueberry scones....OMG...melt in your mouth!We also buy one of our favorite cereals from Trader Joe's....Organic Weetabix....we can buy it here for under $3....other grocery stores charge over $5!Another great product from Trader Joe's is their canned cat food. Our two Applehead Siamese Cats LOVE this cat food....and at under 60 cents a can....we LOVE it too! lol Their cat food is also made with quality ingredients.Trader Joe's is also great for quick frozen meals for when you don't have a lot of time....some tasty ones include risottos, pesto pizzas, gnocchi and a range of stir frys. They also have some great pre-made salads to choose from. So go to Trader Joe's for some tasty specialties!
4	This is where I do the bulk of my grocery shopping. They have a good selection of organic and natural food at reasonable prices. I love their organic super firm tofu, cashews, walnuts, soy milk, frozen corn and blueberries, fresh broccoli florets, spring salad, green beans, super dark chocolate, and Well Red wine. My husband is partial to the non-organic Fruit Frenzy bars, and Velvet Moon Cabernet.There are a few things I can't find at Trader Joe's, and that forces me to go to other stores; otherwise, I would do all my shoping here. The things I have to buy elswere include vegan cheese (TJ's soy cheese has casein), more varied organic produce, trash can liners made from recycled plastic, and a few other things, but TJ's packs an amazing variety of items into a small space. Oh, and their staff is very friendly and helpful.
5	Since going Organic and Gluten-Free, I'd say Trader Joe's has absolutely made shopping soo much easier and not a chore. With a variety of options and everything clearly labeled and categorized, I couldn't be happier with my shopping ventures. The staff and management have been absolutely friendly and helpful, anytime I've had questions or needed assistance in finding something.You can say I'm pretty much a neighborhood regular now!
3	This is one of my favorite stores to shop at if im looking for organic or something quick where I can just stop and pick up something to make a simple dinner. Love their deli, they have all kinds of salads and wraps. Their garlic parmesan pita chips are amazing! They also carry this german wine that I like for an affordable price.
4	I a big fan of Trader Joe's. It is a bit out of my way, but I try to come here at least once a week to stock up on the best deals in organic eggs, nuts, milk, fruits and vegetables. They even have 100% grass fed organic ground beef.  I can get organic dog treats here, all natural dish soap, trail mix and a nice bottle of French beaujolais for a great price. It's actually quite remarkable that they fit so much good stuff into that little store. My only complaint as a single guy is that most of the produce comes in bunches.... 4 apples, 6 tomatoes, a bag of onions, etc... I don't want to waste food so sometimes its hard to get all the ingredients I need without being forced to buy too much. Aside from that the store is great. And during the holidays keep your eyes open for those wonderful "Joe-Joe's".  You will love them.
5	I love Trader Joes! A great variety of foods packed in a small space. Other reviews have covered the healthy and organic foods, so I figured I'd add in some junk food favorites: Tiramisu Torte, Chocolate Lava Cakes, Dark Chocolate covered Expresso beans, Lemon Crisp cookies and Brownie Truffle Baking Mix. Moderation and lots of cardio help. The staff are great... friendly and helpful! About once a week, I reluctantly ask for someone to retrieve 3 cases of Sparkling Lime Mineral Water (I call it seltzer) out of the back (ie: a heavy, cumbersome pain). Never any hesitation... and usually an enthusiasm that leaves me in envy/puzzled. I do try to avoid rush hour (4-6pm, sometimes earlier) because the crowd of (small) carts maneuvering small aisles gets crazy. Even then, the Manager/Captain quickly redeploys stockers to open additional registers and keep things moving as well as possible. You have to admire the team working here... I wish other stores could emulate them!
4	Okay - this store is a lot smaller than the Atlanta stores I am used to, but they have a good selection. One hint - they have an Amarone wine that is most Divine! And a steal at $17.99 a bottle. Just don't buy it out until I get my fill!
5	TJ's is great - fresh, fresh tantalizing produce well displayed; good selection & pricing on organic produce; TJ's wonderful house brands in an interesting variety of great foods - but everyone knows that already.However, the cool thing is that for some reason, this particular TJ's always has the nicest clerks & managers.  They explain stuff, make small talk and are not only friendly but N-I-C-E!!  Kudos on a great staff, TJ's!
3	Not the best trader joe's  I've seen but the costumer service is great.
5	Love Trader Joe's.  When we were spending some time in FL, I had TJ's withdrawal.  I love their Pizza Parlanno.  It was voted one of the Best on Real Simple Magazine.  My twins love the frozen mac and cheese.  It is really cheesy.  The baked ziti is another one of their favorites.  I love their cheese selection.  There are so many things that I cannot g without.  I go there every week, prices are really great.
3	I decided to go to this particular location after doing some shopping in the adjacent strip mall one Sunday afternoon.  I immediately noticed how absolutely PACKED the store was--it was a ZOO.  For some reason it seemed much smaller than the Trader Joe's off Scottsdale Road and Rose.  This location carried the same great products I love, but the staff had a decidedly different attitude.  The guy giving the samples was kind of a dick, and instead of having them on a tray for all to try, you had to reach under the glass barrier where he was cooking.  When I asked what the sample was, he just said "Pork".  Okay...it was fried, and it had some sort of sauce...usually the employees at Trader Joe's elaborate on what their creation is composed of.  Then I heard him say to a customer "if we didn't give out this free pork it'd go bad in a day and we'd throw it out."  Nice...so this is why they constantly have samples...I think I'll stick to my usual location closer to Old Town.  It's more spacious and less crowded, even on a predictably busy day like Sunday.  The employees seem friendlier and the sample person is much more creative and open to conversation.
5	I want to own stock in Trader Joe's.  I am there twice a week and love the small market feel.  I am a devoted fan!
4	Trader Joe's is one those ubiquitous food retailers that we cannot get enough. Hey, we would come here just for the values in their wine department. But, that would be missing the point because there is a lot more to this chain. For those who have gluten issues, the office staff has some 20 to 30 pages of pamphlets regarding celiacs disease and which of their products are gluten-free. All of their dairy and meats are hormone free. The various imported and domestic frozen food items are delicious as are their freshly made breads and all of their produce. WOW. Enjoy!
5	My favorite neighborhood grocery store! Great selection of some interesting variation of the foods I like to eat... all at reasonable prices while maintaining high quality.I also like the fact that these stores are not very large. Makes it easy to navigate and find what you are looking for. Much more fun to go to Trader Joes than to WholeFoods... in my humble opinion.
4	Trader Joe's is a hip, funk-tastic little grocery store.  No where near as gargantuan as the typical stores have grown to.  Not Joe's!I like Joe's for several reasons:1. Prices!  Their prices are good.  Not always the best in town but pretty close.2. Quality! Joe's only sells the good stuff - even if it is generic, private label or what ever.  If Joe's has it, its good.3. Speed! I can get it in and get it out with out messing about.  Joe's is a quick shop!  Perfect for the professional on the go speed shopper.4. Variety! Joe carries a lot of different stuff.  I usually buy one or two new things just to broaden my horizons and add a little culture to my life.5. PEOPLE! The employees really seem to have a genuine good time working there.  It is refreshing.Go shop at Joe's once and you will be hooked!
5	I wish I lived closer to this TJs because I really enjoy this one! While it might be situated right in the smack of suburbia, the minute I walk inside, I feel like I'm in an urbanized adventure. The products are always fresh and they have some of the best finds around! Garlic olive oil? Cookie Butter? Better 'n Butter? Yes, all these items can be found at Trader Joe's. I also love the Trader Joe's elves (aka the amazing sales staff) who are ready to help at the drop of a dime. In addition, they are always serving up samples of their delicious products and they have a chef on staff who cooks something different every day based on the products for sale. I could probably spend hours in a Trader Joe's and be perfectly content.
5	Like every other TJ's, the staff is superb!  Can't find something?  They'll check in the back and bring you a few of that item.  If they're out, they'll suggest something new but similar to try (many times making you a convert).  Looking for a wine you fell in love with at a different TJ's across the country?  They'll order it for you...with a smile and a joke to boot.Check out the website for a sampling of great recipes and a copy of the seasonal Fearless Flyer which highlights new and featured products.I will never, ever live in a place without a TJ's!
5	My favorite place to purchase high quality groceries.  You'll find great products from all over the world for the best prices.  The customer service is always good here.
3	I never thought I'd meet a Trader Joe's that I didn't like....until now. My sister and I were here yesterday and it was a mad house. The only TJ's that I've been to are in Chicago and I always looked forward to going there. They have great selection of nuts & seeds, yogurt, hummus, breads, produce, etc. Yesterday I was barely able to grab one container of hummus. I've never been in a looting situation, but yesterday was quite close. I don't think I'll visit this location again.
5	WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU ATE ALL THE RASPBERRIES FOR OUR  DESSERT!!!  IT'S CHRISTMAS EVE-HAVE YOU ANY IDEA WHAT A GROCERY STORE IS LIKE RIGHT NOW???!!!  Oh yeah, I panicked.  You know what?  Trader Joe's got me in and out in just a couple minutes.  They had two employees on every register, and someone that met you at the door to ask what you need and point you in the right direction.  What a perfect operation Trader Joe's is.  I even got some uniquely Scottsdale entertainment in the parking lot as a teenage girl screamed a string of profanities at her mom for almost scratching the $140,000 Mercedes dad had just bought her.  Lot of yelling going on that day.
4	I would go there much more if I was closer. Always find very interesting items. Like it when they sample the food. I got hooked with the lasagna and have been buying it ever since. This store as with other Trader Joes can get super busy later in the evening.
4	I love Trader Joes.  Believe it or not, If you're looking for beer or wine this is a great place to pick it up.Cheap but delicious red wines.AWESOME cheap beer.  Simpler Times is higher ABV than most domestics, tastes good, has an awesome can and is only $2.99 for a sixer of cans.  SERIOUSLY AWESOME.They have food and stuff and it's all really good and very affordable.DID I MENTION THE SIMPLER TIMES BEER?
5	Busted on RedTube again?You can't help it. Having a penis, as one comedian put it...."is like having a friend who always wants to come out and play."You're not a perv, but tell her that. Like she's going to believe anything you say right now.Well my friend, the playground has officially closed, and there's only one way to get it back open...flowers and chocolate.I know, its cliche, but chicks really do eat that shit up.Florists? Forget it...they're a rip.Conventional grocery stores? Great if you want to get her something that looks like you stole it off a grave marker.Trader Joe's is your best bet.For $5.99, you can get a floral bouquet guaranteed to get the playground open for business again, and in short order too!The chocolate bars are only $1.99, I recommend several.While you're at it, grab a bag of TJ's movie popcorn when you're there, you'll need it for the movie you're going to watch with her later.When you get home, whip out the flowers and chocolate, while you proceed to scroll through the DirecTV listings and queue up a flick.Wait..WHAT ARE YOU DOING???Didn't you learn ANYTHING?Change the channel to The Notebook you idiot, and get Black Beaver Bang 11 out of the queue right now!Do I have to tell you everything?Jesus!
3	I like Trader Joes alot, but I hate going in there. It's ALWAYS so busy and crowded. Maybe i'll go right after they open, or right before they close. Anyone else notice how chaotic it feels in there?
5	My new diet plan requires I eat like a hyena on the Serrengetti. Meat.And lots of it.One teensy problem. I don't like meat. But then I also don't like the idea of my looking like an old man poolside this summer, my swimsuit hiked up to my nips.For this reason, I choose TJ's as part of a sensible weight loss plan.In the frozen food section, you can get a 360 calorie portion of Lamb Vindaloo for a few bucks and voila, banana hammock, here we come.With any luck, I should be down to a svelte 250 in no time.Or, I suppose I could always get a metric scale, where I'd trim down to 115 overnight.Nah, go get the Lamb Vindaloo.
5	This is a pretty busy TJ's but it's worth it. After going to a few grocery stores right by my house (and being super disappointed by their produce section) I drove an extra 5 minutes to TJ's & was transported to my happy place. Beautiful produce that's cheaper than the next guy, an awesome selection of meat & fish as well as flowers, wine & chocolates. I got enough food for the week for about half as much as at the 'big box' stores. Bam!
5	I love this place! I've never been to a TJ's before and was so impressed with the customer service, quality food, and great prices. Favorites from here are jalepeno hummus, carne asada, wine selection, and fresh produce.
5	Trader Joe's is one of those grocery stores that have a variety of difference foods that you can choose from.   I like shopping at Trader Joe's because the grocery store is small and the prices are great. They have the best spaghetti sauce too.  I only buy my spaghetti sauce at Trader Joe's.  The staff is great and there is never a line when I'm checking out.
5	I really like trader joes. Lots of healthy affordable choices. Good organic selection. This store is very crazy though. Always busy and I swear the people shopping here are oblivious to rest of the world.Maui short ribs = so good on the grillWith organic frozen jasmine rice! Great meal.Maybe I'll try shopping late fri/sat night to avoid the crowds....
4	I love, love, love TJ's. I could walk in here in a bad mood and come out in a good mood. Its funny though, they are either really well priced or really expensive. Their produce and fresh fruit is expensive but their bagged veggies are a great price. Their cheese selection is awesome and way cheaper than Whole Foods. My only dislike are the people who shop here. It is probably the location but there is a lot of snobbery and pretentiousness. As long as I keep to myself though, I can handle it.
5	I don't know what I would do with out Trader Joe's. They're awesome! Their prices are great and their food selection is outstanding. And I am picky - I usually only by organic and natural products. I have come to depend on the selection at Trader Joe's. Thank you T.J.
5	Just rediscovered TJ's after years of getting groceries at Fry's. Wow, and we're glad we did as we had forgotten how real food tasted. Everything is better at TJ's: prices, food and service. Now, we just need one up here in Desert Ridge!
5	04/17/13Needed to buy dishwasher detergent and decided to try phosphates-free and biodegradable products from Costco.  However, Costco wasn't opening till 10 am today, so I headed to Target to check out its offerings (it stocks Seventh Generation products).  Upon studying the products lining Target's aisles, I decided I'd hold off buying anything there and head over to Trader Joe's to check out their natural household cleaning products, since I needed to buy more tubes of TJ's Broad spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen anyway.  (Love that this sunscreen DOES NOT smell "chemically," like Banana Boat's SPF 50 water-resistant sunscreen, and even more importantly, my face doesn't feel like it's burning upon applications of facial cleanser during my post-swim showers anymore-- the only product I switched out were the sunscreens!)  I found a box of dish detergent powder to try, as well as a small bottle of jojoba oil (to use with organic Aura Cacia oils), two toothpastes (Peppermint, with baking soda & fluoride and fluoride-free Antiplaque, with fennel, Propolis, and myrrh), Nourish Shea butter hand cream, and Nourish All-In-One facial cleanser, which promises to exfoliate, to not cause any tears (wish relationships with people would come with this guarantee!), and be rich with antioxidants.I was in dire need of retail therapy to offset a recent terrible choice (apparently, I needed to repeat the same mistakes to finally get the lesson right!), and I wanted natural beauty to clear and revitalize BOTH my spirit and the air in my home, so naturally I searched for plants!  But I don't want clipped (read: dead) flora, as I wish to enjoy the plants for a long time, or as long as my non-green thumbs will allow, anyway, so I always try to search out potted varieties.  A past attempt at Sprout's left me without tulips, and am I glad that I waited it out, for today yielded SIX beautiful pots of orchids, mini-orchids, tulips, and ivy!  I believe these six lovely choices are enough to offset my one painful lesson I am determined to be my last (of a certain nature, anyway).  Please, oh please, let them thrive in my humble abode!  The selections available today... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trader-joes-scottsdale-2?select=ib5RHcF7aOq3p2HWieFwoA#ib5RHcF7aOq3p2HWieFwoAMy all-natural salves to help heal my spirit!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/trader-joes-scottsdale-2?select=E7ND66LI-EhWpy9A-DxQ3g#E7ND66LI-EhWpy9A-DxQ3gLast, but not least, I found an AZ-themed TJ reusable recycled bag, only $1 each.  I bought three, one to keep, and two to give away to future visiting relatives (fingers crossed!).
4	I love Trader Joe's.  This is one of my go to places for daily table Wine at home.  You can find a variety of decent bottles for $5-$10 here.They have good products and prices, but damn does it get packed!  This store is no different....most days you're cramped in the aisles with people shopping.  That doesn't deter me from going, but it has changed my shopping habits....now, I will go less frequently and buy more stuff so I don't have to come back until I have to.  I can't tell you how many "near misses" I've had in the parking lot with soccer mom's SUV's and minivans rushing in/out of this place.  But alas, there's no alternative.Return Factor - 80%
4	I love Trader Joe's. I went here to explore the (limited) card collection. Most were actually pretty good. It was a little more crowded than other stores but it also had some unique plants like succulents that were just adorable!
4	Tj's is kinda out of the way for me, but I still love going there for a few reasons. My experience while shopping at Trader Joe's is consistently excellent. I find whatever I need at reasonable prices. The store is not of gargantuan size so it's easy to find everything you need. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable without being intrusive.And last but not least is the fact that I can be in and out of Trader Joes in minimal time. The checkout lanes are always adequately staffed.My confession of my favourite items ? the smoked trout, their vegan chocolate chip cookies, and their green beans !
5	Trader Joe's is fantastic. Good prices and perfectly packaged products for a single girl, i.e. small bags of chia seeds, portions of ginger, beets, etc. packaged. I go here for soy milk, coffee (best is the classic Joe's medium roast), fruits/veggies, coconut water, etc. I'm also a huge fan of their ready made salads in the back fridge, and always buy a few to bring to work for lunch. Also, dangerously good dark chocolate covered almonds. Kisses for my favorite TJ's!
4	I LOVE Trader Joes. They have awesome products you can't find anywhere else. And better prices on lots of things than at other stores. A whole watermelon for $3.49? Yes, please!!I stopped by for a few things on a lunch break. There were lines to check out (are there ever not lines to check out at Trader Joes?), but the cashier was friendly and efficient. I love that Trader Joes is small and well-organized enough that you don't have to walk for miles to compare prices on a simple pantry staple like I find myself doing at massive supermarkets like Fry's or Safeway (grrr!).
5	Went to Trader Joe's. Came back with a shit-ton of candy. "How?" you may ask. Well, let me tell you. They have these things called Sea Salt Butterscotch Caramels (dipped in decadent dark chocolate). These things are crack. Pure and simple. You grab one or two and pop them in your mouth. Suddenly the entire bag is gone and you're left crying for more. Next trip you buy two bags. Well, then two bags are suddenly empty and you need to go back and buy more. It's a vicious cycle. Luckily, they have these things called fruits and vegetables to keep you healthy in-between all the candy devouring. Their produce selection is pretty good and I really like all the frozen items they have. The store seems rather small (compared to other grocers) because they only carry the good stuff. Checkout is rather quick and simple, but be careful, they have Valrhona chocolate begging for a good home. (Yep, two candy bars... in my belly.)
5	Typical (which is still good!) as far as inventory but the staff is always so delightful. It's a pleasure to shop there!
4	I love this store. Great place to pick up the bare essentials and not break your bank or your belt in the process. Always a great and reasonably priced selection of wine and beer (but stay away from the TJ's cheap-o brand beer). That being said, I wish they had a good selection of liquors from lesser-known distilleries. Oh well.Oh yeah, and as I mentioned in my tip, there are always a few gorgeous women shopping every time I go in. What? I'm only human...
5	love organic natural food so much. starting to eat very clean, natural, and organic again and trader joes fits my needs for that 100% prices are awesome, the little carts are so cute too. love how they have a section of fresh flowers. employees are very nice, helpful, talkative (in a good way), know what theyre doing and are fast at it too. can get crowded on certain days though and the store in somewhat small but its not too bad when its super busy.
2	We have been going to this Trader Joe's since they opened.  But on Friday they did something I have never seen this grocery store do.  The person at the checkout, whom seemed very bored, put our bag of Trader Joe's potato chips flat on the bottom of the back which in turn cushioned all the other items he put on top.  A couple of cans, a jar of capers and some vegetables.  Now I guess he thought that they needed protection and unfortunately we didn't catch it until we got home and started to put the items away.  Sure enough, neither the glass jar with the capers or the cans were damaged.  Guess we will really have to watch from now on.  Is that a new technique?Oh, the chips were easier to chew in smaller pieces.
4	Stop spraying your fresh loaf breads with BUG SPRAY.Yes, I am a fan of TJ's. The quality and price just cannot be beaten, but lately they are falling waaaaay short.I used to love their fresh loaves of bread until I kept getting them doused with bug spray. I had this happen 4 times - so beware. I WILL NOT BUY IT AGAIN!Also there organic cream is very old lasting only a week according to the expiration date and so far it has gone bad on me 2 times before that date.And... I purchased organic chicken breast that was bad too.So there quality and care seem to be going down a bit at this location.
5	Fresh produce? CheckShort lines? CheckFriendly (but non-ass kissing) Service? CheckClean, well-lit store? CheckSo far so good, right? But, I must say this - ALL non-working, soccer moms in their camel-toe yoga outfits: please, PLEASE do not encourage all of your children to get a lil "Mini-Me" shopping cart and take up valuable space in the damn joint! Okay? No, they're not cute - they are in our way. All of the TJ stores I've been in are pretty small and crowded without this added nuisance. And another thing - you would think that ppl who shop healthy/organic/Vegan/blah-blah blah would have some sort of zen-vibe, right? Well, why is it that almost every time I shop there, there's some ass who is a road rager out in the stressful parking lot? Hmmm? Namaste.Other than that - no complaints! Great store.
5	You can't get better than Trader Joes. I mean for the prices, natural and Organic selections and convenience that this grocery store offers, it's at the top of my list. TJ's also has the friendliest staff that I have ever met compared to any other grocery store around.  I actually think that they love working there and I can see why. I get my weekly groceries  staples here: salad, veggies/fruits, meats etc.  The prices are the best for organic produce. I do wish they expanded in some areas as in a baby section, otherwise I have to go elsewhere for diapers.  I love that you can grab a sample of wine, this is actually how I end up buying some of my new wine selections. One of the other reasons I love coming here is the ease of navigating through the store because it's not huge or overwhelming making it quick to navigate aisle to aisle.
3	UPDATE: This was originally a 4.5 star review, but you will see and I hope understand why I've downshifted to three stars soon enough... I really want to give TWO STARS, since there are a few people that should be held accountable for not giving clearer warnings about this abhorrence to their customers... What are your opinions on the matter?---Staff is always friendly and helpful.  Potted orchids are plentiful and varied- this goes for both the orchid types and the pots they're contained in.  Bought four potted orchids, a purple-blue cupcake (?) plant**,  a pot containing three types of herbs (thyme, rosemary, and oregano, including a recipe for BBQ Herb Chicken!), and a cinnamon broom, all for $66 plus tax.  I wish TJ's would also offer organic plants, and no, you won't find organic potting soil here!  (Nor will you find the alternative- neonicotinoid/pesticide-tainted potting soils- for that matter.)Please offer more organic nut/snack selections, corn-free bagels and breads, as well as bring back your organic almond butters!**Tried to search for this plant's name (since "cupcake" was not turning up anything useful), but couldn't make a quick ID based on online images, so instead looked up code 6830-25 I found stuck onto the plastic pot.  Imagine my surprise and HUGE disappointment to find this result pop up at the very top of the results page- http://www.pesticideinfo.org/List_Products.jsp?Rec_Id=PC33044&Chem_Name=Warfarin&PC_Code=086002&offset=800.  To learn that I've unwittingly introduced "known or probable carcinogens, reproductive or developmental toxicants, cholinesterase inhibitors, known groundwater contaminants or acutely toxic poisons" into my car and home simply by purchasing this product from Trader Joe's is appalling!  Needless to say, I will be returning it very shortly and asking for my money back.  Seeing the care directions tab include the warning "Unlicensed propagation prohibited" gave me pause and made me think of the devil Monsanto, and so I went online to do some research, and voila!  I'm now trying to decide if I should return the other plants (my beautiful orchids!), as well... So sad right now.  :(  I guess I should acquire some organic potting soil and get those organic tulip bulbs I bought online started...
5	How can I not give it 5 stars?  2/5 of everything we eat comes from there.  I love getting terrific food, much of it organic and same or cheaper price than the supermarket.
4	I can't describe how much I love trader joes. If you enjoy frozen healthy meals and unique products then trader joes is the place to shop for your groceries. I always have a great experience. Constantly changing their items, it gives them their edge. Healthy and unique foods is what they are great for. Take a stop by and check it out, you'll be surprised by the small size and huge selection of foods.
2	This is the RUDEST Trader Joes I've been to. It was like walking into Walmart, only worse if that's possible. Only one person/employee in the whole store had anything resembling MANNERS! !YIKES!!!
5	We were inundated with the monsoon being buffeted by rain and winds on Scottsdale Road when my husband said weshould go to Trader Joes for their tuna with liw salt. Its hsrd to find but TJs has it. "No!" I said. I had no umbrella. But he insisted so we pulled into the parking lot. I couldn't believe my eyes. There he was,  my handsome savior offering me the shelter of his umbrella. I was still in the car when I saw him rushing toward us. It was James! Thank you so much !! Ron helped us when we left with our groceries, dry and warmed with coffee and a snack. I'll never forget that day TJs put the customer first.
4	It's pretty much a standard trader joes, and carries all the normal stuff :)  The folks working there are very friendly and eager to help.  It gets really busy during "rush hour" times.  The prices are decent for what they have.  I really like their brand of coconut oil and kale chips.
5	How have I never given Trader Joe's a review?! It is hands down my favorite grocery store in the world. The variety of food choices is amazing. The produce is great, frozen food items (which I normally don't get) are delicious. The ready-made salads have made my life (not exaggerating). I've been relying on those things for years for lunch time meals.The WINE! Desserts! Cheese! Meats! I could go on and on...Beyond that, the customer service is outstanding and I ALWAYS leave the store smiling because the person at the register took the time to have a personal conversation with me. Truly an amazing store, and I'm SOOO glad this one is around the corner from my new office.Hallelujah!!!
4	Trader Joe's is one of those places that you either like or dislike intensely. This is one of my favorite TJ locations and it is both close to my car dealer and not to far from the house.Normally pop in here after getting my car serviced at Honda. I usually drive the back way and behind the dealership and use the traffic signal right on TJ's corner.Each store is set up a little differently and some are bigger than others. I'm always surprised at how many people are at this location shopping. Then again there are several other stores in the same parking lot which makes this a convenient visit.Some of our favorite items here are the Orange Chicken in the freezer section. The bagged freezed Dried Fruits are also a big time score and my Granddaughter definitely has most of the collection. Even picked up some Jackfruit on my last visit.The one thing that makes TJ's a fun place to shop is the Pumpkin products celebration that they have during the fall season. I'm a fool for pumpkin and grabbed several of their 40+ items on my last adventure. Easy to make and very tasty.The quality of their products here are better than most chain stores and the customer service is always friendly with a bit of pep. You may even hear the happy bell ring in the back ground.Look for their flyers that come out in the mail and get ready for some really cool specials. FEELING LIKE A FOOL!3.75 STARS
3	I've always loved Trader Joe's, but this store drives me nuts. Why? Because in Arizona, October marks the beginning of the winter visitor season and that's when cultures clash.Just the other day, I had this experience: We were done shopping, so I sent my 12-year-old son to return the basket to the store. Because he's a bit oblivious to the crazy drivers at this awful parking lot, I tend to stay out of the car and watch.Sure enough, one person was having trouble pulling out because they were distracted or confused. In their defense, though, they were being careful, and I appreciate that. On the other hand, it posed a dilemma for my son -- he wasn't sure how to cross the parking lot with this person going back and forth. My son finally found an opening and crossed over to me. That's when the honking began. No, it wasn't the person pulling out, it was the elderly couple impatiently waiting for the person to finish pulling out.Now this is one of those huge cars with a very, very loud horn. In fact, it's the single loudest car horn I've ever experienced, and the thing was deafening.Why bring this all up? Because this sums up the experience of shopping at this particular Trader Joe's. The shoppers, particularly the winter visitors, are ridiculously impatient and sometimes downright nasty. Not as bad as our local Costco, which I wrote about previously, but pretty horrendous nonetheless.So what about the store itself? Well, they have a number of problems that I've not experienced as much at other stores. 1. The produce never looks fresh and their selection isn't as interesting as some of the other Valley stores. I don't know why that is. 2. Older food is almost always put in front of the fresher stuff. I'm always looking through the back of the shelves for the fresher foods. Some TJ's do this while others don't. 2. The store may just be too darned busy for it's own good, and it may be time to put another one in north Scottsdale. Sadly, no new stores are planned for Arizona in the near future.As a whole, we'll continue going to this store because of its proximity. On the other hand, I don't understand why some Scottsdale stores bring out some of the nastiest people in the world while others don't, but it's frustrating and a bit sad.
5	This location is wonderful. I love the smiling faces and helpfulness of the staff. I love their prices! I love that they have Sara Bee kosher moscato! To die for!! I wish they had a larger selection but I know they are a much smaller store. I also love their sample bar in the back!
