5	Got to take a tour of the property and I must say I like it. The layout of the casino is great and super easy to navigate . Sayers club is my favorite look out of the clubs. But the other clubs are cool as well. Also being the foodie I am the restaurants I can't wait to open. Especially the bazaar meat by jose andres.
3	I have to say u am thankful they revived the property rather than tear it down,  and they did a great job! It has a downtown swag look with.vintage colors and interesting names for their venues- Foxtail,  Sayers Club, Life. Sexy and lively is what I think they want to bring to the northern part if the strip. I didn't get to see Foxtail, but the Life resembled Rumjungle and Studio 54 and Sayers Club resembled a dark downtown lounge with some electric beats. I am anxious to see more after it opens!
3	3.5 stars.  I Was treated to a soft opening on "play day" and received a wonderful tour from the VIP host.  The LIFE club looks great and FOXTAIl provides a more intimate social club setting where live music will be featured.  Sayers Club is a great look and you must check it out.  The food choices are varied and Bazaar Meats looks great.  I was able to sample the buffet and Umami burger.  The buffet is solid but on the smaller side of things and with nothing that really stood out as unique.  Umami burger was tasty and I look forward to a return visit to sample more of the menu.  Umami also houses the sports book and has a large patio.  I wish I could have tried all the other places (800 degrees, Griddle Cafe, etc) but it is more reason to go back.  The decor is very modern with video screens, large photos of old school vegas black and whites, and a small but very packed casino floor.  All the latest games are there, both table and slot.  The pool has a swim up bar and a large staging area but overall was on the smaller side.  I was not able to see the rooms.  The SLS seems to be focused on the movers and shakers and is priced accordingly.  I was very impressed by the staff who are very team oriented and seem to be very proud of their roles with SLS.  In fact, my only real negative about this place is that the functional casino is small, the restaurant seating is small, the sports book is very small... whether this works as an intimate setting or becomes too small for the crowds it will draw remains to be seen.I will return to update my review in a few weeks, after they have settled in.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. All the hype and the money was a waste.  This place looks like a dingy hole in the wall.  Everything's very plain which doesn't scream that they spent any money on this place just a lot of gray and black spray paint. The employees didn't know anything and the place was overpacked. There was no games available to even gamble on.  If I did drink I wouldn't have been able to get one because there was maybe 2 cocktail waitresses and they were only catering to the high end tables. The worst experience in any hotel in Vegas.  Go over to the golden nugget the have way more to offer at half the price.
4	Nice hotel.  Definitely for a young crowd appealing to people looking for a hotel with a modern style with a urban/metro edge.  I think this compares to the level of the NYNY or Monte Carlo hotel and casinos. Not quiet the level of the Cosmopolitan.  Definitely has cool and accessible restaurants.
1	I am definitely not impressed with this place. They don't have their stuff together, the ambience is too chaotic, and the crowd  drawn to this place is absolutely classless. Their restaurant staffs should  be retrained so they're not running around like headless chickens. No desire to come back here.
5	Amazing to be apart of the private grand opening celebration last night!!! I love the new SLS on the North end of Las Vegas. What an awesome job they did with remolding the old run down Sahara. This place is so hip I can't get enough. The stylish trendy vibe brings a complete upgrade to this side of the strip. I haven't seen the rooms yet but everything else is phenomenal. I am so stoked that Vegas is spreading the wealth and not keeping all the good stuff in one corner. Lots of cool bars with an up beat and very upscale atmosphere. I am very please and I can bet you would be too.
1	Highly anticipated, highly disappointed. I walked from my residence to the front entrance. I was greeted with a slew of discarded beer cans, beer bottles and plastic cups strewn along the walkway. Upon entry, I noticed the carpet was covered with something maybe a farm animal may have left behind (disgusting.) I signed up for their players club weeks ago only to discover I would have to wait in line for two hours to receive the card. What did registering on line gain me? I informed the concierge that I was a local and that I had registered on line. To bad so sad go stand in the two hour line. I think not. I had planned on an afternoon of gaming and dining. I will spend those dollars at other properties that know the value of locals.
1	Sls,  the old Sahara,  sucks, elevators to the garage don't work, had to walk up six flights of stairs,  the line for slot cards was a mile long. Granted,  it was the first day open, but the system that they have is old and and inefficient. Won't ever come back to the SLS.What's SLS stand for ? Stupid Limousine Service ?And the dealers have monkeys on their backs,  no, they aren't junkies.
1	I made a huge mistake coming here on opening weekend and expecting it to be anything other than crap.In no particular order, the reasons you should stay away from this place are:1.  No drawers to put clothes or other items.  A couple of shelves at the minibar, if you don't mind your underwear being out in the open.2.  The toilet seat was loose and felt like it could break off at any moment.  How is this possible on the first night??3.  No resort guide in the room showing when everything is open.4.  Mini-blinds covering the windows.  Seriously?  a $415M upgrade and there are just mini-blinds to keep the light out?5.  Unstocked mini-bar.  One thing that is advertised is the "Saints and Sinners Snack Box"  I probably wouldn't get anything from this anyway, but the fact that they didn't stock it makes things seem off.6.  Closed captioning on the TV doesn't work.  My wife is hard of hearing and the only way she can effectively watch TV is with captioning on.  The 55 inch TV is nice, but without captioning it is useless for her.
3	Went a few hours after the midnight opening. At 5 there were a lot of people still there from the opening, maybe coming from one of the clubs?  Because I am an old fogey, my first thought was "tragically hip".This is a place that definitely was not set up for my generation.  And I think that is a good thing.  It is a smaller casino and once things shake out, I think it could get a following of the 20 - 30ish crowd. The casino is on the small side, but it does create a nice intimate experience.  The food venues are off the casino floor and sound like they have interesting items, but come prepared to pay. They aren't to proud to charge you that arm and leg. The Griddles cafe l was told,  is a big thing in LA but I didn't think the pancakes were any more special than what I could make at home. As I said, I am not there target sudience, but despite it all, I know I will return for the restaurants.
5	Interesting observation of the reviews: almost all of the Las Vegas locals gave the place poor rating, and most of the out of towners loved this place! Dunno what this really means, but it seemed interesting,  maybe the expectations are different... Anyway, I attended the opening party and had a blast.  The food at the bazaar meat was heaven sent.  Cleo is the finest Mediterranean restaurant you'll find in all Las Vegas.  Katsuya sushi is my favorite from LA & Hollywood.  I'm not too crazy about fast food so didn't try any of the fast food items!REMEMBER. This is not a 5 star hotel! It's a 4 star hotel and it's much smaller than places like the Wynn or Aria.  It's simple modern with a touch of luxury.  If your expectation is adjusted to reality, then you can enjoy it much more.  If you expect mandarin oriental type of service, then you're in the wrong place! #SLSLasVegas #LasVegas
1	This place ruined my weekend. I came to Vegas to get married and was told by a friend how incredible this place is expected to be. So I looked it up and on their website, this place looks phenomenal! I'm a firm believer in getting one chance to make a first impression and as soon as I park my car and unload, I realize the parking lot elevators are broken. As if carrying luggage down 4 flights isn't bad enough, we get to the check in counter and it literally took each front desk person an average of 20 minutes to check in each guest, us included. Finally, we get to the room and I will say the ambiance is nice, but the room sizes are tiny. Turning on the tv and it says it has a "server error" aka it doesn't work. I plan to ask the GM if we can cancel one of our nights so that we can relocate to the Venetian. I probably should have done my due diligence and checked the yelp reviews before booking, but I guess I didn't expect many flaws from a brand new hotel.
2	Not ready to be opened. We were invited to the grand opening and it was an amazing party--but it's just not ready to go live. First off, this is not your typical Las Vegas casino--so if you're a traditionalist--you probably won't like this place. I definitely  think, however, that there is a niche market that was filled with the opening of SLS. Emphasis is not on gambling, but rather hospitality which is what SLS is known for. Now, while first day openings are rarely smooth--our experience goes beyond first day glitches. We tried to check into our room. We waited over 1.5 hours and were still not given the room we were promised. Service in general is too laid back and relaxed; not very good (our checkin felt like we were in line at the DMV). The room we were given smelled like mildew (I don't even understand why) and attempted to call the first desk to be moved. We were on hold for 45 min and finally just went downstairs to deal with it in person. Also, the room we were given is much, much smaller than what we get at other casinos we patronize. Our casino host has been MIA, and claims she does not have great phone reception (tool of the trade if you're a host--lame excuse). We also attempted to change our restaurant reservations but had to wait until the evening when the restaurant opened because apparently, none of the systems are linked and it could not be accessed. I wish this hotel and Casino great success, but I personally prefer the Wynn or Venetian--which are truly first class.
5	This hotel and the ambiance is off the charts. This will catch a huge amount of attention from all groups and walks. I am staying at this destination the next time I'm in vegas
2	Ridiculously Disappointed.  Went for opening day. I understood it was not going to be a top tier resort but was expecting something cool, sleek and trendy. Instead, the place looked cheap and almost bordered on ugly. I did not go into the rooms but did check out the place overall to see what they had in terms of restaurants and amenities.I went to their buffet and it was ridiculously limited. It was opening day and opening weekend and there was little to celebrate there. Nothing lavish or interesting for Weekend Brunch. No salads or fresh veggies anywhere, no desserts, and no real options in terms of eats.If they had 100 items (including the milk and butter) I would be shocked. The quality of some of their items was high and some of the food was tasty, but my overall impression of the place was not a good one.They had three pizzas,   three different cold salmon options, crab legs, made to order omelets, sausages, bacon and other standard breakfast fare, a wide variety of dim sum offerings, a  few Chinese dishes, three pastas, a carving station, one Indian dish, three soups, twosushi rolls and one salmon sushi,  some fruit, a  pretty decent baked good section with overly dry donuts and excellent waffles and pancakes, a little yogurt and cereals and that was pretty much it. There was nothing distinctive or special other than the lack of basics offered almost everywhere else. Instead of desserts, they had a few cookies and boring ice creams.  Instead of fresh salads or any greenery, they had nothing but one cooked broccoli dish. Some of the food looked interesting but it was was hard to enjoy lukewarm food. The worst part of the buffet is that cold food was warm and hot food was cold. They did little to make the food appetizing when it had sat there cold for too long. We were there two hours and in that time, I think the cold pizza sat there the whole time with no one touching it. Some of the food was tasty and would have been great if served hot.The coffee was pretty good.Waffles when fresh were good with a great batter.Bacon was nice quality.Rather than use the tiny space  they had intelligently to offer small dishes of lot of interesting items, they use huge dishes to serve up enormous pans of very basic items like feta cheese that you can buy anywhere.  For one of the few stations they had available, they had sliced bread across a whole set up where they should have had desserts. A wall of sliced bread that you can buy anywhere is what they offered for $30 per person?! Not even interesting rolls but basic sliced bread. Ugh!I had the distinct impression that there were very few items being cooked fresh by chefs and many more prep and serve ready made items by cooking staff.This was opening week and they may not have yet had their act together, but unless they really change their approach, I think it will be a nice buffet for the folks who are staying at the hotel and nothing more. I am writing this review with the hopes that for the locals who live close by and for the foodies who love Vegas bufffets, this can be a real destination buffet with an emphasis on more options and a real commitment to making sure food is served fresh and piping hot when its supposed to be hot.They had promised a new concept in buffet dining, but there is nothing new about cold congealed food and basic offerings at premium prices.I was very much looking forward to all the new restaurants. But after looking in on them, I think I may wait for reviews before trying them. In terms of space and furnishings, none of the new restaurants looked appealing to me.
1	Worst club I've ever been in vegas. Cheesy and the speaker sucks. I just didn't know what to expect, it's so unorganized, I was in line forever, and we finally got in, there are so much going on but I just can't figure what they are trying to do. Weird and creepy. Atmosphere here is worst than down town............ Don't waste ur hard earned money
2	Like other reviewers I too had high hopes for the SLS. Based on how long it took to renovate you would expect perfection. It looks nice, but seems to be cheap and missing elements of luxury. The problems began right off the bat. The elevators not working on opening day is a huge problem. Luckily I'm able to climb four flights of stairs, but many patrons aren't. Inside the casino the floors were dirty. It looked like there was hay from a farm animal? I saw two employees manning the players card area. The line for a new card was wrapped around the entrance and black jack tables making it difficult to make your way into the cramped casino. I played a few slots for about 45 minutes without seeing a single cocktail waitress. As I was leaving and thirsty I did see one waitress carrying a single beer on her tray. Any other casino on opening day would have waitresses out in full force feeding patrons booze and trying to get them to stay. I read in the Vegas Sun the SLS wants locals to come and play, but the first impression I was left with was not something I need to relive.
1	Warning - Cockroaches!!! Read the whole review. I too have NOT been impressed. Horrible first impression. After off loading our luggage and waiting 15 minutes for a bellman, we were then told that we were not at the hotel entrance for checking in and would have to walk through the casino to the opposite side to register. Not fun since I am coming off a broken ankle. We were then greeted at the entrance by something that looked like cola cola had been thrown around their white lit floors. GROSS! Something that could have easily been resolved with a quick mopping was instead left to give many visitors a horrible first impression. We then transitioned to the casino floor carpet which also looked like this carpet was in bad need of replacement and had stain build-up over several decades. The carpet was so bad that I could not concentrate on anything else because of all the hair-balls and trash. Disgusting! I spent the next 30 minutes trying to figure out whether the stains were real or part of the design. The place was so dark that I believe they were trying to camouflage the horrible state the place was in. I was expecting some sort of celebratory greeter or some form of grand opening celebration, there was absolutely none. Actually there was nothing to celebrate. Trying to find the registration desk was also impossible due to lack of signs and personnel to help guide you.Once we found the registration we couldn't believe the disarray. No organization whatsoever. No lines and people just walking up to counters when people had been waiting for several minutes already. Once again dark like a dungeon. We gave some feedback and this was the start of the "we are working out the kinks" response. Wow, really? After staying one day of our three day stay our opinion has not changed. As we went up to our rooms and stepping out of the elevators going to our room it was like being in a scene from a horror movie "The Grudge". See pic. The rooms are tiny and we were told we got one of the better ones according to one of the bell staff. Really? Our room was interestingly designed. Don't know how to describe it but I've added some pics so you can make your own assessment. Kind of Ikea-ish to me. Overall my assessment is that the owners tried to revive a building on the cheap and failed. Looks like they ran out of money when opening up and did not have enough employees when they most needed them at startup. I hope the best for this facility and hope they can work out the "kinks" and it works out for them. I appreciate the attempt, but I will likely not be coming back.After a couple of nights here I still have not been impressed. Came in after night one and found a cockroach in my room near my food on the bar counter. I killed it and went down  to the front desk and showed them the picture and asked them to please clean up the cockroach. After returning later that evening I found the roach still in the exact same place. I went down again and spoke with the assistant manager and they sent someone of to clean it up. Ridiculous and absolutely unacceptable.  Gross! Horrible service as I was not asked for any compensation. I did not ask to be compensated because that's not how I roll. However, I would have expected something considering the circumstances. Worst experience ever.
4	Very eclectic ambience, which made it feel like a miniature Cosmopolitan. The main difference is the monkeys all over the place. It was opening weekend, so it was packed. I love that it has monorail access and is extremely easy to get, which is great if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg taking a cab. I am a local, so curious to see how the traffic fluctuates in the coming months. I hope it does well and the north Strip renaissance continues with Resorts World, Rock at Rio and the proposed basketball arena in the works. They need to push the riff raff out of the area. If not, I have a feeling this place could attract a lot of the north side pimps and hoes.
2	Overall mixed review...We are locals and were psyched to go see he new SLS. Unfortunately we were underwhelmed. It was hyped so much, but didn't deliver for us.We stopped by two different bars and there were no specially drink menus (which is odd because the restaurants had great sounding drinks). At the Monkey Bar We ordered standard drinks--old fashioneds and cosmos. Service was slow (to be expected by the crowd) but the drinks were terrible. We left them on the table. The waitress apologized but there wasn't much she could do.We ate at Cleo which was very good! The restaurant line up May be the best thing this place has going for it! The service was excellent and the food was great. We will definitely be back there...The decor seems a little off and the carpet has got to go! It looked like it hadn't been cleaned post renovation...Except for the restaurants, we won't be back....too many other good options south of SLS. Overall just blah.
2	Ugh... That was a waste! Where do I start. 1. Parking garage elevators took too long. 2. Nothing special in there to make me want to come back. 3. $30 pp for the buffet for lunch? No wonder it was dead that's ridiculous. 4. They did have  "the griddle" but an hour wait. 5. The pool was cute, nothing to die for... then going back to the parking garage, the garage elevator didn't work again so I had to run up to the 5th floor and come back down to get my grandmother... Ughh just not impressed what so ever...
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Some good and some bad. Though I am impressed with how "different" SLS is from the old Sahara casino...some things should have been taken into consideration. For example: (Opening Day)SPACE!!! The casino gaming area is too small and easily gets crowded and congested in my opinion. Imagine being inside a very busy packed night club, but with slot machines and game tables everywhere!!! Not pleasant. It felt like a bumper car ride at a carnival, trying to avoid getting bumped into!!!BATHROOMS: Dirty and neglected!! Trash piled up high and falling over from the wall mounted trash cans!! Water splats all over the entire sink counter, and used up paper towels on the floor!! You could tell the bathroom had not been inspected for cleanliness or cleaned for most of the day!! I left the bathroom with a bad first impression. Geez...the 11 year old Emerald Casino in Henderson has waaaaay cleaner (spotless) bathrooms than the just opened SLS!!! CARPET: What was up with those weird looking fur things that resembled rolled up, dried up hairballs a cat coughs up, all over the entire carpet?!! Not appealing to look at!!HOTEL OPERATIONS: No excuses!! If you consider yourself a "luxury" resort...then your establishment needs to be on top of cleanliness!!! Dirty bathrooms, trash and filthy carpets are unapologetic, if you want to make and leave a good impression on your patrons!! (SLS-Style LUXURY Service)CEILING: They went for the exposed (pipes, vents, wiring)  and open ceiling "industrial" look...baffling, since it really does not go well with the rest of the casino luxury theme. That exposed ceiling decor belongs more at a gym.SAM STATUE: Hmmm...beauty is in the eye of  beholder I guess... :/PARKING GARAGE: Non working elevators on opening day?!! Lucky for me, I got an immediate prime parking space right on the main floor & did not need to use the elevator. Also, they had cones blocking the exit way to leave the garage when I left!! A valet guy had to move them cause they were meant for the entrance & not the exit!!What a shame and blown opportunity to become known as a huge hero!!! SLS could have made an impression that left the tourist and especially the locals saying: SLS...the resort that revived and saved the north end of The Strip for Las Vegas, NV!!!I still believe this place has hope and potential...but not for long, if they don't make changes for the better and soon!! This place is a diamond in the rough that needs some SERIOUS polishing!!!!Now for the good!! On food, drinks, service and shopping experience: (Reason for my 3 Stars)UMAMI BURGER: Excellent, tasty, delicious food and great service!!! The place to eat, drink, gamble, watch & bet on sports!! Great outdoor beer garden patio, facing the Vegas Strip. Our bartender by the name of Amber was not only sweet, friendly and great, she gave superb food & drink recommendations: The Sahara Cooler, Truffle Fries and the Manly Burger-a cooked to order, juicy steak meat burger with bacon, melted cheddar and crispy batter fried onions on a warm buttered brioche bun...need I say more?? YUM!!!!!!!!!! FRED SEGAL HOME: Small but well stocked unique boutique!! Distinctive concept and decor store. The Store Manager Eric was very helpful and gave excellent customer service and left us with a wonderful shopping experience!! STAFF at SLS: Wow...talk about friendly customer service with a smile!!! Everyone we had to encounter from the bartenders, wait staff, security guard, Code card associates, parking attendants, gave excellent customer service!!! Helpful, friendly and very resourceful!!! I am intrigued to come back and experience everything else SLS has to offer. One thing is for sure. This casino was not built to cater to the gambler, but to adjust to what is the "now" trend and the bread and butter of the  Vegas casinos; Shopping, Dinning and Night Life! Vital and needed to stay afloat!! The Sahara casino floor was mainly used up to house 3 night clubs, and 8 restaurants, along with the Fred Segal stores that are spread out throughout the property. That is were all the gaming space from the former Sahara went. If the food at Umami  Burger was phenomenal ...I can only imagine at 800, Cleo, Katzuya, The Griddle Cafe, Bazaar Meats,etc...I did not stay or get to see the rooms at the hotel. (I live in Las Vegas)I would love to come back and lounge at their pool. It looked very inviting.
1	Can we say over hyped? Being a Las Vegas Local, may seem like I am being biased or sensitive on reviews, but just being at SLS will speak for it self. They spent so much money on advertising, hyping up the new resort by renovating a classic landmark casino in which was once called Sahara hotel.  Sadly with all the renovations or what has become, it sadly failed to deliver in giving honor to a classic Vegas time piece and destination.  Times have changed and obviously what goes up, must come down...but what gets rebuilt shouldn't always be the case.  This is what you get when you come to the SLS. Owned by SBE entertainment and known for their posh boutique luxury style and offering...the SLS is anything but that.  In the capital city of entertainment destination around the world, the kind of grand opening that the SLS delivered was more of a 99 cents store opening up at a local ghetto. (With all due respect...I do shop at 99 cents store) but to get to the point of their grand opening is that, why open up shop when you are not ready?!?  Their carpets were all filled with wood and construction debris, the concrete pavement which was painted white were full of grease marks and over spray and was rather unpleasant. It reminded me of walking into  a model home being constructed.  Now the concept is nice and in some cases, some decor was actually modern and intriguing but it leaves you with a feeling of emptiness and questions yourself..."that's it?!?"  I'm not sure what the interior decorator or designer was going through but in my opinion and point of view, as if they were going for a mix of modern and vintage at the same time, rather than being contemporary.  There was too much going on yet too little of it going on. (Confusing right?...that's what it is confusing!)We all know casinos don't have windows and clocks for a reason, but the ambience is pretty dark and gothic like. Lighting was a fail...common this is Vegas...not a Seattle grunge night club. It may be good for those who rock ED Hardy or are into twilight (no offense again I've watched the whole twilight series) but check out the ceilings. It looks like you are entering a consignment warehouse. Even with SLS being crowded due to grand opening, I managed to walk the whole casino floor premises in a boring 15 minutes. SLS does offer some interesting restaurants and clubs but nothing on par with what MGM/WYNN offers in house.  Prices on some of the upscale restaurants are not worth paying (unless you have cash to blow and don't give a $&@!) I'd rather take my business elsewhere. And what's up with the parking lot/valet/taxi staging area/entrance? Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles could design a much better traffic flowing concept. This parking concept is literally an accident waiting to happen. My advice is be careful if you plan to visit and park. I suggest parking yourself instead if valet at least until they get their stuff together and that's if they do.  I really do hope SLS succeeds.  This is my city and I would hate failure to happen, but the way it is going now does not look good.  They need to step it up, otherwise they will lose customers, especially locals. Sahara Hotel was actually more better and even had a nascar cafe with roller coaster. I just hope this isn't the end of it, otherwise it will be the end of it. SLS until you can provide a cleaner, more attractive and on par resort...I won't be coming back anytime soon. For that matter, I may not come back at all. 1 star rating does not even do justice. If I could this rating would be negative.  So sad.
2	Trying SO hard to be hip like The Cosmopolitan, ends up being more overdesigned like The Rumor boutique hotel.  Quirky details everwhere which are whimsical but not pulled together.  A Cleopatra picture here, an exposed bulb lighting fixture there, a wood table here -  It just ends up being wierd. Their logo is 3 drunken monkeys on a chandelier.  Yep that about sums it up- drunken monkeys stealing mirrors and forks - stressful.    Very chaotic.  Very tightly packed casino floor with restraunts and clubs lining the outside - tons of murals and graffiti walls.  The ugliest casino carpet I have ever seen with writing that I can't make out what it says.  I ate at Umami burger.  Had the vegetarian sloppy Joe, shoestring fries and a soda water -good but $25!  Was excited for a hotel opening but will not be back.  They only want the CA kids it seems.  The pool looked nice.  Maybe I would come back for that one day.
1	The SLS Hotel and Casino had a lot of hype surrounding it so I was eager to give it a visit on my trip to Vegas. Now I know what the SLS stands for - Shitty Lame Sucky.  I anticipated that it would be overcrowded and the staff overwhelmed, so that part did not bother me. But some other things...How do you have all your elevators in your parking structure konk out simultaneously? Going up 6 flights of stairs in stifling Vegas heat is no one's idea of a picnic. I felt so bad for some of the disabled patrons that were huffing and cussing as they were climbing up the stairs. Couldn't they have at least provided a cart that would transport them to their car? The ADA is going to have a field day with this one.The whole vibe they are going for is Industrial Chic.  You can see all of the air-conditioning ducting as it is just painted black. There is also a wall in the hotel that has graffiti all over it.  It looks like they couldn't decide what style they were going for so they just incorporated a bunch of them. Sure the place is easy to navigate...their gaming area is smaller than most Indian Casinos. I especially loved all of the broken bottles and vomit in the parking structure just left there from the night before. The carpet was shedding worse than a Persian cat.  There were so many fuzzballs all over the place, I thought someone's dryer trap exploded all over the casino floor.The saving grace for the SLS is that it has some great restaurants - Katsuya, Bazaar Meat by Jose Andres, Umami, 800 Degrees, and Ku Noodle to name a few.But time will tell if the establishment continues to wow or just mires itself in mediocrity due to its lack of attention to detail.
5	Gotta say. I love this place.  Had an absolute blast and saw some amazing shows. IggyAzalia  Rita Ora and Lenny Kravitz. This was an awesome night! Service is second to none and Sayers Club is as good as it gets!! Love this spot! You've got to make this your spot in Vegas.
3	It's not often that a new hotel and casino opens up in Las Vegas, especially one that's transplanting some of LA's most well-known restaurants. With the food and all the hype surrounding the SLS, I've been pretty excited for the place to open! So much so, that we decided to book a room and stay here on opening night. For a 325 square foot room with a single king bed in the "Story Tower", our rate was $209 per night and we stayed just 1 night.When we first arrived at about 6pm, we made our way to the parking garage that you enter from Paradise. And although we were trying to check in, we weren't allowed to valet or pull up to the front for unloading, as were told they were just too full and busy. After finally finding a spot in the garage, we were faced with broken elevators and had to carry our bags down 5 flights of stairs. Thankfully we just had 1 bag with enough for 1 night, so it wasn't a huge deal, but it was frustrating and not the best first impression. When we got to check-in, they were well aware of the elevator issues and offered us a couple free drinks at the Monkey Bar, which is just across the way. The check-in by the way, was pretty straight forward, quick and painless.For the rooms, they offer several different types and there's 3 towers...the World Tower, the Lux Tower and the Story Tower, which is where we stayed. The room itself was a bit on the small side, but it was quite impressive. When you walk in, your attention is immediately drawn to the opaque white bed and couch that have dimmable lights build right into them! There's also a 55" TV hanging from the wall and a giant mirror on the ceiling above the bed that might catch your attention. The styling is very modern with a darker grey paint, and yellow accents underneath a strange industrial concrete style ceiling. Both the bathroom and shower, which are separated, also feature bright yellow tiles, and are hidden behind two large sliding mirrors. For the size of the room, I was pretty impressed with the layout and use of space. And although expensive, the mini bar was nicely stocked. We did have issues with some lights and the TV not working in the room, but that easy to look past. Overall though, I can't say I'd recommend paying $200 a night here...actually about $260 after all taxes, fees, etc.When it comes to the casino itself, their main focal point seems to be restaurants and nightlife. In my opinion, these are super solid restaurant choices and worth the visit alone. However, if you aren't a partier, you might find yourself bored here. Compared to other casinos, the machines and tables seem to be limited and they are all very close together. There's also minimal shopping choices and apart from a coffee shop, I was surprised to see that they didn't include any type of dedicated dessert/treat spot here. For the most part though, I thought the overall style of the place was alright. But some things were strange and seemed out of place, like the open industrial ceiling, and the buffet which is upstairs and completely separate from just about everything. By the way, the Sunday breakfast/lunch buffet was $31, and the dinner $37...ouch!My feelings on the employees are very mixed. As many people have mentioned, the amount of employees standing around and doing nothing but talking was a bit ridiculous. I can understaff overstaffing for grand opening, but on several occasions we saw 3+ employees in a group just kind of standing around and chatting. We also had our fair share of issues during our stay, and our interaction with the staff was a bit hit and miss. Since this was the first day, I won't get too far into all our issues but we had to visit the desk 3 times and speak with 3 different managers due to room problems and huge bill discrepancies. On Saturday night, we spent an hour dealing with a $140 charge for two drinks at the Monkey bar. Then on Sunday, it took us over an hour just to check out because our bill was beyond messed up, to the tune of over $200. However, Aubrey who checked us out was extremely nice, patient and seemed genuinely apologetic about the mess we had on our hands. She was the reason I decided to bump this review up to 3 stars, instead of 2. With SBE behind the place, I really thought they would have a lot smoother launch. I mean, you obviously can't expect a flawless experience on opening weekend, but I was a bit surprised to see just how many issues they had. I was also disappointed with some of the pricing they have set up. Bottled beers at the center bar are $8 each and a Gatorade at The Perq coffee shop was $5! Yes, it's a casino but c'mon. And why are there no locals specials for anything?All in all, we had a great time and the restaurants will surely keep me a regular at SLS. However, it was a bit overhyped and unless they bring out some killer room rates, this wouldn't be my choice for another staycation.
1	SLS was a huge disappointment for us this weekend. We were there at the midnight opening on Friday, and then we came back again today to eat at the Griddle Cafe. Two words best described our experience...filthy and overrated. We expected chaos and crowds, however, we did not expect dirty interior floors, trashed sidewalks, and thousands of cigarette butts laying in the landscape all weekend long. We feel like there must not have been an adequate cleaning staff, and obviously there was a serious shedding problem of the flooring. There were even employees standing right by mounds of trash who never picked it up. We said "no" to dining there today. We refused to give them our business due to their lack of cleanliness throughout the interior and exterior. We have no reason to go back there at this time, and we certainly wouldn't suggest our guests and friends to visit there either.
1	I don't know where start.  The most impressive part of SLS is the huge video sign outside.  Once you get inside,  it's a rapid decent into sub-mediocrity.   The casino has no ceiling,  with all of the superstructure and venting exposed.  This industrial look can be very effective, and I have seen it well executed in other venues; however, it's execution at SLS was dismal.  It looked like they ran out of money when they got to the ceiling and said "Just spray it black".  The finishes overall were cheap and the design was an incoherent take on other stylish, hip boutique hotels. Organization and staffing was nightmarish.  We asked the front desk if there was a poker room,  and they didn't know (turns out they don't).  There appears to be no showroom either--a real mistake.   The hotel appears to be an excuse for three nightclubs, but it offers little else,  and the crowd can only be described as wanna be hipsters.  I was really hoping that SLS would be great,  but I don't know why anyone would patronize it,  as everything they do seems to be done better by someone else on the strip.  It lacks class and imagination in every respect and has the feel of a glorified frat house with slot machines.  I won't be back.
5	I'm so surprised to see how many bad reviews about this hotel and I'm not sure if it has to do with being a local or not. I moved here from LA in January, so as a local now, I find this hotel beautiful and exciting! Whether or not being a local has anything to do with it, doesn't matter.It's beautiful and trendy and very modern. The outside is as gorgeous as the inside and their LED everything makes it very eye-catching. We are eating a Umami and the burgers are so incredibly good, just like in LA. We haven't had one since we moved and have been looking forward to this since the announcement that it would be here. Just come in and see it for yourself! I know this hotel will work out it's kinks (like every new place) and it will be the hottest thing on the strip.
1	I've been anticipating SLS opening their doors and now I'm sadly disappointed. Staff: The dealers at the tables were very friendly and welcoming. I agree with other reviewers that there are way too many employees standing around doing nothing but chatting with one another. We walked around and saw groups of 3 or more employees just leaning against the wall talking. Other than the dealers no other staff member said hello or went out of their way to acknowledge guests and seemed engrossed in their own conversations. Cleanliness: The amount of trash and dirt was astounding. The carpets were covered with cigarette ash and bits of junk. Either they don't have enough people cleaning or they don't seem to care to clean up. Maybe the staff that just stand around talking could take pride in their own establishment and pitch in. There were half empty glasses left out in the bars from the night before. Walking around and seeing that the bars left dirty things overnight was such a turnoff. The bathrooms had toilet paper strewn about all over the floor and the trash was piled high in the baskets. Plus the janitorial staff left piles of plastic bags of trash outside the bathroom entrance. The Griddle: We went here for breakfast and had to wait over 15 minutes to be seated when 2/3 of tables were empty. The line of people outside couldn't stop complaining about how poorly the 4 (yes, 4) hostesses were handling the seating. When asked about the hold-up their response was that the staff was going through a shift change.    After being seated it took a few minutes before anyone came by with water. Then, it took a few more minutes before our server came by. Another server brought someone else's food to our table and then my boyfriend's meal was brought first and it took over 5 more minutes for my food to come out. When we finished our meal about an hour later and walked out of the restaurant at about 9am the line to get in went around the corner and the staff must still have been going through a shift change because there were loads of empty tables inside. Spa: We wanted to check out the spa but an unfriendly guard brusquely told us that only guests can go to the spa. I don't know how the spa will do if their only clientele comes from the hotel. You would think that they would want more business. All the other spas on the strip welcome outside guests. I noticed that a lot of people who left positive reviews had specifically attended the grand opening party. I would imagine that in the hype of the event everything seemed great but during the day and to an average visitor this place is just a huge flop. Disappointing.
5	We had a great time. The food, pool and nightlife was amazing. They may have a few issues to overcome, but give them a couple of days. Everyone was very friendly and helpful.
5	Christiana in reservations was a delight to work with. Smooth and simple and everything explained
1	I was looking forward to checking out opening weekend at SLS.  I made a reservation at The Griddle for 9pm as I knew all the high end restaurants would be overwhelmed and just wanted to have a casual meal while checking it out.  I have seen The Griddle in LA but haven't eaten there because the line is always so long for breakfast.  I was happy I could try it out without waiting down the sidewalk in a line as is the norm in LA.  The negatives:(1)  BROKEN ELEVATORS.  We arrived at SLS via Paradise Road around 8:30pm for a 9pm dinner reservation.  Self Parking was crowded as expected (Valet was marked "Full" though once inside the garage I could see lots of empty valet spaces so I think like most hotels on a high demand night, the valet would have magically been less full if I offered $20+ to park my car.)  We found a parking space on the fourth floor of the garage and headed to the elevator.  The elevator had an "Out of Order" sign taped to it.  The elevators appear to have not been upgraded since the Sahara days.  We took the stairs along with everyone else.  Thankfully we aren't handicapped, I would have hated to have to roll a wheelchair down the ramps to get to the bottom of the parking garage.  Parking garage elevators that don't work on opening weekend is a huge fail.  (2)  DIRTY CARPETS AND FLOORS.  We entered the hotel and as we started to walk up the steps to the casino floor we noticed the floor was very dirty.  It looked like it had sawdust or ashes and fuzz piled up in the corners of the stairs and the casino carpet was also filthy.  The carpet is patterned with retro photographs of the rat pack, etc., so at first I thought it was part of the pattern but it was dirt.  (3)  HALF EMPTY RESTAURANT AT 9PM WITH MANY PEOPLE WANTED TO BE SEATED.  We arrived at The Griddle 15 minutes before our reservation.  I noticed it was very empty (see photo attached that I took from my table once I was seated).  We had to wait about 15 minutes for our table but I was 15 minutes early so that didn't bother me.  I was however bothered by a few things:---  I noticed that as people walked up to be seated without a reservation, they were being told it was a 45 minute wait list.  I found that odd considering the place was less than half full.  I can only guess they were short staffed on opening weekend and there is no excuse for that.  Better to have extra staff on hand than to be short and give people a bad impression.   --- When the hostess came to seat us, she walked us into a very empty room of booths and tables and took us to a small table rubbing elbows with the only other people seated in that section.  I always prefer a booth but I wasn't asked for a preference.  I think it's common sense with a wide open selection of tables to at least offer your guests a table that isn't on top of the neighbors.  At that point I requested a booth and pointed out that the restaurant has plenty of open seating.  The hostess seemed annoyed with my request but seated us at a booth on the back wall.  ---  I have to note that in the 15 minutes I waited to be seated at least 10 people approached the desk to be seated and were told it would be 45 minutes.  Many of them walked off.  With all those empty tables, there were not very many people seated during the time I was in the restaurant.  They could have made a lot more money if they had filled those tables.  (4)  After dinner we took a seat at two video poker machines on the end of a section and played a short while.  My boyfriend won $200 so that's a good thing!  While we were there two casino employees were standing next to the end of the row of machines having a full on bitch session about work that night.  The kind of conversation surly employees have outside on a smoke break, not the kind of conversation they should ever have within earshot of guests.  It was so dark in the casino I don't remember what the guys looked like but I doubt they keep their jobs long if management is paying attention.  Maybe it was extra dark to make the dirty carpet less noticeable.  On a POSTIVE note - it's nice to see that part of the strip be open for business again and the SLS is certainly an improvement over the haggard Sahara that used to occupy the building.  I'm sure once they work out the kinks it will be much better. Also - the food at The Griddle and the service from our waiter were both excellent.
1	If I could give a negative star rating, I would.Having been familiar with the SLS brand in LA, the bar was set high for SLS Las Vegas.  We booked our evening the second day of business.  With reasonable expectations of the property not running perfectly, we aimed to just explore/enjoy the property for 24 hours.FIRST IMPRESSION:Upon entering the driveway, we approached the valet person blocking the main entrance circle  -- we told him that we were checking in.  He told us to park in the garage. There was no way I was going to rough it and drag good luggage (100+ degrees) through the old Sahara parking lot and deal with Sahara faulty elevators.  So, we circled around again and noticed other people driving right up to the front entrance and unloading.  Gee, was a Range Rover not front entrance worthy?  I pulled in hot. Upon reaching the main entrance, valet unloaded and parked our car.  TIP: If you are unloading at the front entrance, you need to have the bellman take your bags, otherwise you will drag your bags across carpeted floors with heavy flows of people (assuming SLS survives) as the checkin desk is on the other side of the property. Also take a photo of your bags on the bellman cart.  The lack of organization makes you wonder if all your belongings will actually ever make it to your room.ONE STAR:The one star is for bringing back the bright white entrance that actually makes you feel like you are on vacation for a hot minute.  The allure lasts about five steps though .  You walk on to this cool illuminated surface then step down into a casual "Cannery" casino atmosphere. By the time I took my first step onto the dreadful casino floor, I said "wow, this is not what I was expecting".  This isn't a place where you style your best threads.  The exposed ceiling really diminishes any possibility of sophistication.  Additionally the lighting designers missed the mark -- it is depressingly too dark. Seriously it feels like you are under ground.  The restaurants are pockets off the casino floor -- meaning you are exposed to the smoke and noise.  The 24 hour restaurant should have been twice the size -- like other resorts.  TIP: Use OpenTable for reservations and pray they get you in on time and pay attention to notes. Stressful.CHECK INThe checkin desk is in the same location as the original Sahara, however, it is unmarked and has no line organization or hotel ambassador.  You have to be on the watch to make sure someone doesn't just walk up to an open attendant, while you are waiting 20 mins or longer to check in. Stressful.THE ROOMOld Sahara small, interesting approach but sadly sterile feeling.  Glass shower exposed to the main room is passe' and cheesy.  Really, like anyone is going to get sexy at the  Cannery, I mean SLS?  Can't you just present a tasteful room where you don't have to wonder if an orgy took place the night before?  We did know that housekeeping was there as cleaning agent bottles were showcased on the desk and snacks and liquor were missing from the mini bar.  Speaking of snacks, we wondered about room service offerings.  No menu.  Shortly after* someone did leave two sheets of paper STAPLED together in our "lux-high floor" room.  *The "shortly after" involved me going to the front desk to report the missing items and inquire about room service, because NOBODY answers the phone in any department. TIP:  Take photos of your mini bar and room.FOOD: UMAMU BURGERMy friend was dying to try Umami Burger.  He ordered a burger that is to come with a beer cheese sauce.  BUT he asked for the beer cheese on the side because he wanted to make sure that he liked it.  The server returned to our table and said "the kitchen won't serve you the beer cheese on side because it melts when placed on the burger". As a chef myself, I said, "soooooo can't the kitchen heat a ceramic ramekin and put the cheese in it?  "NO", said the waiter.  Since this can't be done, I will assume they serve plastic cheese.  They also just lost a customer.  Truthfully, the burger was no different that any burger you can get on the strip.  TIP:  If you want a good burger in Vegas, go to BLT at the Mirage. Fabulous.We checked out of this resort after the UMAMI burger meal.  BUT WAIT THERE'S MORE!Unless you know the secret valet recovery location (tucked away in a place you would think only employees are permitted) you will never get your car back.  If you are handicap, too bad.  You are on your own because valet doesn't answer the phone either.NO HOUSE PHONESIf your cell phone is low, CHARGE IT.  I was told by an engineer that no house phones have been installed yet.POSITIVE REVIEWSPlanted reviews are very obvious.I respect their intent, however, the interpretation in print and on the web missed the mark.
5	They did a great job with the the remodel.  The casino looks great and easy to get through. There are endless option for dining.   It's definitely worth a visit!
2	Agree with several reviewers - they rushed the opening.  Stopped by on Sunday morning to check things out.  Was little surprised how dead it was for a grand opening weekend but it was 10AM in Vegas.  Lines were where you would expect them to be; Players Club desk and for the casual food.  There were no lines for the buffet but maybe the journey to find was some of that I reasoned.  I ate the buffet.  Unimpressed for $35 charge and so little selection of food.  Most of it was on the unintended cold side.  Service side was good.  I left a Vegas buffet still hungry.  Had registered online for credit line so figured I would finish all the paperwork and do little gambling.  Credit Cashier was closed and the two Hosts told me I had to come back when it was open.  UH!  Guess you don't want me to play.  Slot selection very minimal at higher dollar values.  This is Cosmo all over.  A night club with Hotel attached that also happens to dabble in gambling.  We all see how well that worked for Cosmo.  Don't anticipate this to be a place I will routinely visit but will give it a second chance in couple months.
1	I showed up the following Monday, around 10pm, after their weekend grand opening, to let the hype die down a bit and crowds. The over all environment is not what I expected. It felt like they just painted over the mold of the previous owner. Like when they're trying to sell you a house full of flaws and they just cover it up with fresh paint.That was the vibe I felt from the design and architecture. Not much renovation just Lots of lighting techniques to give the illusion of a sleek and modern feel to an old structure. SERVICE was great. The cocktail waitresses were always in sight and attentive, why I added an extra star to this review. However, I saw many patrons at the center bar waiting and trying to get the bartenders attention for quite a while. I even heard some express frustration. I also saw many employees on the floor who were just standing around. Maybe they should have had been employed at the bar. Let's just say I wouldn't recommend it. I still feel the Wynn takes the trophy in all aspects.
4	I loved my stay in SLS! Granted, they were not pitch perfect as of yet during the opening weekend. But if the service I received during this rough period were any indication, I can only foresee SLS being even more amazing.For this visit, we stayed at the World Tower (I believe there are three). My room was... fun (for lack of a better word) and stylish yet lovely; modern and chic yet cozy. The bed was incredibly comfortable that I had a hard time parting from it when I woke up in the morning (this is why I am not a big fan of fancy hotels when I am on vacation: I want to be exploring, not sleeping!). What I really loved were the mirrors, though. We spent so much time goofing off in front of them (i.e. selfie awesome! Please forgive the girl her silliness...). The bathroom was well-stocked and the toiletry provided were from Ciel, the SLS spa. I also loved the slippers and the chocolates provided.The variety of restaurants in the property is diverse - The Griddle (for breakfast aficionados), Katsuya and Ku Noodles (for Asian food lovers), The Bazaar (for meat lovers), Umami Burger (for burger lovers) and 800 Degrees Pizza (for pizza lovers). They also have Fred Segal stores. For the service, it was not as smooth as I thought it would be, but everybody is apologetic and tried their best to give great service. As I said, they are still learning the ropes so I gladly overlook this aspect for now. But only because everybody was super nice.I would go back next time I am in town to see how they have improved.
2	Extremely disappointed.  After all of the hype and anticipation, I was hoping to be overwhelmed and expected much more.  If you've been in the old Sahara you can tell they didn't do much except paint over the old paint and rearrange slot machines.  It feels like it was cheaply redone.  Being there on opening night, the entire place should be spotless.  The carpet needed to be vacuumed and the whole design is very claustrophobic.  If you are trying to attract people to that end of the strip, it needs to be as beautiful and nice as a casino such as Cosmopolitan and it certainly is not.The parking is a disaster and after we finally found one, the elevator didn't even work.  Went into Foxtail and the DJ was good, but there wasn't much of a crowd (opening night!?!) and nothing about it made me want to come back.  The monkey bar was nice, but we sat down and ordered drinks and waited for quite some time and ended up cancelling our order and leaving before they came.  I really was expecting more and was excited to bring out of town guests to a new casino on its grand opening.  Everyone was very underwhelmed and had no desire to spend anymore time at SLS.  We will not be going back anytime soon.
1	This hotel sucks ass. Creepers everywhere cocktail waitresses not cute neither are the dealers. & awkward layout. With everyone bumping you in your chairs. Annoying because the chairs are so close together. Super cold inside maybe because the ceiling is so high. I know casinos are supposed to be cold but wear winter clothes if u go here this ones like Antarctica maybe because the ceiling vaults are so high. No room to walk. Where you get your Player's Card. That line took 30minutes alone to stand in. Usually those lines are QUICK in other casinos....And I went 8/25 Monday AFTER grand opening. I will give the buffet credit though its a bit overpriced though M Resort buffet tops that and it's a station casino. SLS buffet 40.00 dinner buffet each. Felt like hotel was rushed being built some parts look unfinished. Not what I was expecting. But what can you do oh well!
2	I didn't stay here, just visited opening weekend to see what it was like... And I was very underwhelmed. The broken elevators and the crowds, definitely expected that kind of thing for opening. There are growing pains. What I didn't expect was the layout and design of this place. It was perfectly "meh." Being the first opening of a major resort and casino since I've moved here, I was excited to see what it would be like. I really didn't like the design, and left confused about how they could have spent so much money on it!As others have mentioned, they went with some industrial/graffiti kind of look, which I'm sorry, was just not nice to look at. The exposed roof with all the pipes and vents made me feel like I was sitting in a construction site, not a luxury casino. The layout of the property has to be one of the worst I've seen. I mean, talk about claustrophobic.  It was crowded, but everyone was funneled into what felt like a high school hallway. When walking around one side of this very thin path on the casino, it just ends into some slot machines which everyone was just navigating through. The entrance and front desk area was also tiny with some low ceilings. For a luxurious resort in Las Vegas, this place seems designed to only handle very small crowds. This and the fact that the whole property was pretty dirty (as others mentioned) just made it an experience that doesn't make me want to regularly come here. I also noticed they had ONE front desk agent at 10PM on a Friday on opening weekend... I couldn't believe that part, but just walked past the forming line happy I wasn't checking in. There are tons of other resorts and casinos on the strip that are much more impressive to visit, and they've been open a lot longer! I will be back for umami burger though!
4	I happened to be in town for SLS opening and was lucky enough to score a reservation at Bazaar Meat on their second night. SLS social media team tweeted me with some pre dinner suggestions and so, I headed to check out the vibe about 2 hours prior to my dinner. Arriving at the SLS by taxi, a large and enthusiastic 'hand' sculpture greets guests. I don't know why, but I couldn't think of anything other than hamburger helper when I saw it. That's not bad at all, I like art that evokes a memory and this really achieved that.The entrance is really sleek, with large floor to ceiling glass doors, smooth shiny floors and a clear love seat for resting your weary feet.Once inside, the floor does feel cramped, machines seem to be too close together, the bar (centro?) feels like it was crammed in, and the table games are practically on top of each other.We made our way to the Code desk, but the line was extremely long, and then I remembered.... Most slot attendants can get you signed up for a card right on the floor. This is true of most casinos and SLS is no exception, except if you don't have a DL. So, I headed to roulette at got the pit boss to sign me up instead, playing $10 minimums until I had my card in hand. Drink service on the floor was frequent and quick. Everyone was extremely friendly and any questions I had about this new and fascinating casino were answered and many times we were offered tours of whatever it was we were curious about.We will definitely return, and may even possibly stay here on a future visit.
5	Concierge service at the SLS is great! Courtney helped us with everything that we needed, including getting us show tickets and on guest list for club. Thank You.
5	Spent the Day at SLS, had a great time! Very imaginative and lively place. Everyone we came in contact with were so nice and helpful. I have to come back for dinner at one their restaurants. They all look so good though I don't know which one to choose!!! Can't wait to come back this labor day weekend!!!
2	Kinda disappointing! I wasn't having a high expectation in the first place but still... Its kinda ghetto and the ceilings were not done. Valet waiting room is a joke. Enough said! Why were they in a rush opening again?
4	I went to visit my friend at SLS. It reminds me of a W Hotel. The drive up is all white and sleek! It's very swanky! I love it! The art is amazing and they have these fabulous dark red walls that lead you to all mirror elevators with a chevron floor! It's just fabulous! The pool is gorgeous too....very Miami South Beach. The SLS security team wear red plaid blazers which are so chic. The management team have on black and white dresses with Louboutin shoes! They are too cute!The only downfall is that I ordered drinks to take to my room and the bartenders took forever. They are still learning the drinks....I waited 20 minutes for a Monkey Russ Martini....which was just okay. The hotel room is black and white with giant framed mirrors on both sides. It's so gorgeous! Also once you enter SLS it smells so good! It's such a warm comforting scent! And when you enter your hotel room...it is 10 times better! This place is definitely going to be a success!
1	I think they just put lipstick on a pig. Was in the casino floor for an hour and was not offered a drink. The casino area is very small. It seems they didnt have money to spend on the parking elevators.  Also believe is not handicap friendly when it comes to spacing everything is cramped and is difficult to manuver.The guys at vallet were very courteous.
3	What is an SLS?This place will always be the Sahara, just retooled. But it looks and smells nice. The floor is kind of empty, but it is 7 am on a Thursday. Think it looks nice, but staying here keeps you out of walking distance from any other desired destination. Good luck and best wishes. On an island in the Sahara desert.
2	If the new owner going to spent that much money for this place. They should do it right...all i can said is still an old Sahara with a new paint and new name..and what's up with the monkey concept anyway it look horrible.
3	When I wrote the closing review for the Sahara three years ago, I predicted the new place would be filled with "oontz oontz" dance clubs and be a place where pseudo celebrity wannabes would go in order to see and be seen.Turns out my prediction was pretty accurate.  I don't know how to feel about that.I drove by the SLS on the night it opened, so I got to see the big fireworks show.  It felt like another part of Vegas' ever changing history on the Strip.  But I didn't go into the place until a few days later.Yay for not tearing down the old place  Save SOME old Vegas history, right?  I did see one nice throwback of a chandelier being installed that was made up of the Sahara "S" door handles, which is far in the back.  The casino is easy to navigate, as it's still by and large the Sahara floorplan.  They have some neat statues like the "rubber duckie" by the pool and the amoeba creature by the front end.  The staff was nice.  I suppose one days I'll end up in one of the eateries, though friend comments have made me wary thus far.But that's kind of it, and that's the problem: There's nothing really stand out about the place.  Oh sure, it's all modern "ultra hip", but it's nothing that I haven't seen before.  The place looks and feels like any other dozen-plus "boutique" experiences that I've been to a million times over, and I was kind of worried that would happen.  The place just lacks any real sense of personality.  If you need high-end shops, they've got you covered, but where's the "vibe"?  The uniqueness?And of all the things they would keep from the Sahara, they kept those terrible, rickety elevators of the parking garage.Personally, I would have been happy if they had just given the Sahara a much-needed makeover, and rebranded it as "The NEW Sahara".  "SLS" is just an awkward name that doesn't sound good no matter how many times you say it.It looked like some places were still being worked on.  There was no direct access to where the old NASCAR area used to be, so hopefully something is going on over there that will help to change my mind on the place.  Whatever happened to the second floor where the buffet used to be?Don't get me wrong: The new designs are pleasant enough and the casino is okay, but it's nothing that I haven't done so many times before.  I wanted to go in there feeling impressed and won over, not jaded and underwhelmed.  I hope they figure out what to do with themselves soon, because the revamp/rebrand doesn't really seem to justify itself as much as it should.
4	Dang what a difference!  The new SLS is a great place to check out. New Modern design.  They took out a lot of the old casino and replaced it with new places to eat, a nice pool, and plenty of clubs and social areas to hang out with your friends. We came in and decided to do some gambling. They are still working out some of the initial bugs but overall our experience was top notch. The entrance way is awesome! I want that in my house, makes you want to bust out in dance moves as soon as you walk through the main lobby doors. Really do look forward to returning.
5	Loved this hotel! Amazing food options, cool comfortable rooms, not too big ( which we prefer), and being it just opened to staff was on point! Our favorite though was the Ciel Spa! We had the best massages and facials with Cynthia and Nicole. The spa is beautiful, staff wonderful and great product selection! This will be the only spa in Vegas we have treatments!!
1	Honestly I don't leave bad reviews for places until live visited them at least 3 times and have had the same outcome.  But this place left with me with no desire to come back. Parking is terrible (same as Sahara) Monkeys....  Moneys EVERYWHERE!!!  (why? Idk!) What's with the sculpture of "Flubber"  outside? The people that are supposed to be taken seriously pit bosses and such are dressed in the most hideous plaid blazers,  the dealers are forced to wear vests with monkeys on their back (I think there is more then a pun there) PLAIN AND SIMPLE LET ME LAY IT OUT... Who paints a sidewalk white?! /Over priced food/Small buffet/Carpet looks like a graffiti artist shit on it/Poor color choices/ Loud ass humming fans outside in bar area (Dyson would be so unamused) They didn't bother to paint some parts of the place /The ceiling looks like a chipotle/ Take a page out of the cosmopolitans book and do it right.  Sorry guys I hope it works out for you.Overall looks unfinished.
3	This is strictly for the space, and SLS should stand for small little space, this place is small! Cramped at best. Well done and looks nice but not a lot going on. I just went in there cause I live right across the street and thought I'd do a walk through. It's very well done but SMALL. Ill update my review when I try a few restaurants :) I'm excited to try bazaar and the sushi spot! And to see the foxtail pool!
4	Beautiful Hotel!!!
4	This boutique -ish hotel is super sleek and sexy.  I think the rooms are nice just super small but super sexy.  No bathtubs just showers in regular rooms.  There are 3 towers Story cost more however World is bigger.  Lux is supposed to be best haven't been inside one of those rooms yet.  Story is like New York more bachelor pad-ish, World is more modern cozy.  Restaurants are amazing. Try Cleo, so delicious.  Clubs Sayers is more live music small intimate I heard one of the most amazing DJ sets here as well 80's 90's r&b, old school, and rap, Foxtail has more of a Surrender like layout plays more top 40, love this venue most when its open, Life looks similar to Light and plays same kind of EDM mostly.  Staff friendly all the way around.
1	SlS really......This is a huge disappointed! For a new hotel that just open up a week ago....   I came in at 10 pm tonight and try to check in  but there was only one person at the front desk with a long line waited for 1 hour ...... when I got to my room I had a satin on my pillow and the bath room OMG discussing wow ..... so I called a complaint about this room n I ask them to bring up some new pillow so I can go to bed........it's been 2 hr since I called them n I still waiting......  I do not recommend stay here its not worth it at all......1. Bad service2. Dirty room 3. Small rooms4. Feels cheap 5. Worst service ever I had to cancel my room for the next few days because  it was soo bad
3	My stay at SLS was OK. We stayed in the World Tower, it was a nice room, it was clean but the mini bar wasn't stocked at all. Not a huge problem since I didn't plan on using it but it didn't leave the best impression. The service checking in was slow, granted there was confusion with my cards since the original reservation was booked for me as a gift. I don't mind that it took awhile for them to figure out what needed to be done but not once did anyone apologize for the wait. Instead we awkwardly stood there for 20 minutes while the manager and front desk agent figured out the problem completely ignoring us. The casino floor is cramped and there's a weird path next to foxtail that suddenly ends into the casino floor leaving everyone confused and cramped as you try to make your way out of the slots. Katsuya was good and was probably the highlight of my stay. The pizza place, buffet and Griddle Cafe = average, whatever, alright. Overall the service needs to up its game. As well as the other food outlets. With their bad location I would think they would make guests experiences outstanding so there's an actual reason to go there. If you're coming from out of town stay at the Cosmo or somewhere else on the Strip, there's nothing for you at SLS besides mediocrity and extra cab fares to get anywhere.
4	So my take on my stay at the SLS Hotel - Las Vegas:  I will definitely be back.  For opening week there were no glitches, snafus or problems - at any level.  The staff was AMAZING!!!!  Outgoing, friendly, helpful, cheery.  And this included the people vacuuming carpets, slot machine attendants and every last employee I came in contact.  The casino is small, but that's fine.  Great machines and plenty of tables.  And I even found the $5 Roulette Table and the $10 Blackjack Table.  And there were multiples at this level.My room was comfortable, spacious, and I was able to work easily from it.  The decor was very bohemian and I liked it.The range of restaurants is much fewer than other Strip hotels, but the quality of food and service at the ones I tried here were OUTSTANDING!!!!  Also, the price point for the restaurants is unheard of on the Strip.  You will not break the bank eating in this hotel.My one suggestion for them to to do some sort of signage for Check-in versus Casino.  They have two valets, one for Casino (most obvious, right off of the Strip, and another around the corner for the hotel - not easily found since there's no signage at street level nor any information in my reservation to direct me on how to get to this "other" valet.If you want something that's not a "theme" casino - stay here.  If you want good service - stay here.  If you want a more funky Vegas atmosphere - stay here.  And no, the hipster quotient isn't off the charts (yet).
5	Wow what a place! Its wonderful in every sense of the word. They paid attention to the smallest of details and there probably is no other place quite like this (that was their goal).Rooms were unique and comfortable, this is not just a typical room either .....everything from the layout to what was in the bathroom was completely different from other hotels.The food was good and you'll find it was well worth they money.Im familiar with it so I can stand in the building and vision where everything in the old Sahara used to be, but ordinarily you would never ever know upon entering SLS that this was once an older casino. you can tell the put in the time, effort and money to make every sq ft of this place new and alive.
5	We stayed here a couple of nights after the weekend grand opening, and we were not disappointed.  In fact, we were very satisfied and looking forward to coming back on future trips.  Except for the parking which I do not care much about, but everything else from service to the layout, the decor, etc was top notch.  Will try the buffet next time.
3	As I entered SLS from the valet doors, I felt like I was entering a club with the lit floors. I walked slowly through the casino and noticed that they put way too many a lot machines in, forcing people to have to step aside or bump into each other just to get through the casino. The ceilings are low and have a warehouse feel. The interior is much like Hard Rock Hotel's renovation but with the unique touch of art like Cosmopolitan, I personally prefer being original. The carpeted floors are very cushioned so ladies please use caution when doing the horse walk. The overall flow is easy to navigate and the interior of each bar and restaurant offers an inviting feel. As for the crowd, expect typical Vegas. While this hotel did just open so most employees should be on their A game, I will add that so far each of the people I have interacted with have been very polite. It's worth checking out just to say you've been there. I am a local and not staying at the hotel tonight so I can not speak to interior and cleanliness of the rooms. I will update when I do stay with SLS in the future.
1	The staff has no idea about anything. I had one guy tell me when I was asking for a bell guy to "ask the guy out front, but he will probably just tell u go somewhere else as well" and outfront isnt a short walk. There was NO ice machine in the whole tower I was in, but dont aak a staff member because each one will give you a differnt answer and send you on a wild goose chase for a non existant ice machine. Checkin and check out takes forever. Our keys where programed incorrectly somehow on the second day and we were locked out of our room and wasted over an hour trying to get a key to work (The only exception to the bad service was a housekeeper who literally ran off and got me ice). With the distance from the main strip this place needs to do a much better job to make people come back.
1	This place can suck my cock.I travel all over the world, have stayed in hundreds of hotels, and never have I been so frustrated by a hotel.  The exterior of the hotel is VERY bland.  Looks like a middle-class apartment complex but with 28 floors.  White.  Stale.  Glad it's farther north towards all the shittier casinos where it belongs.Valet services were constructed VERY poorly.  You have to walk across incoming traffic to receive your car and there are like two benches to sit at and no place to really stand.  If you choose to self-park, enjoy the slowest freight elevator of your life.  That is, if you're lucky enough to be there when they're even running.  One of the two elevators was out on Friday night.  On Saturday night, the maintenance guy was working on it and the other elevator stopped working too.  As I had to trek up six flights to get to my car, I was passing dozens of people not happy to be descending several flights of stairs because neither elevator was working.  Sunday afternoon, the situation didn't seem resolved.  Seems as though one of the elevators was working as a crowd of about 25 people were waiting on it.Love to gamble?  First opportunity is hoping to fuck you picked the right check-in line.  It's not single-file (as it should be to ensure you get treated prior to the people who wander up ten minutes after you).  You walk up, have about a dozen options, pick the shortest one and hope you're not behind somebody trying to negotiate a purchase of the hotel (or whatever else took twenty minutes).  Fortunately, EVERY lane seemed slow.  Regardless, people who arrived ten minutes after I stood in line kept reaching the desk prior to me.  Yeah, that pissed me off.  Oh, did I mention they couldn't find my reservation and forced me to call the third party I booked through for confirmation even though I had a confirmation email on hand?  Then, my third party (Priceline) told me nobody at the hotel was answering the phone so they could square my reservation.  It took me over an hour to get that squared away before I could check in.  They also came thhhiiiiiis close to handing me a room booked by a different guest who shares my name.  "Your room has been pre-paid by Hotwire.  Here are your keys."  "Uh, I didn't use Hotwire."  Glad I caught it.  Then, you are handed your key and, prior to even reaching the elevators, are forced to show security your key.  I finally get all my bags, headed towards my room, and now I've gotta stop, drop my luggage, and fish for my key?  Somebody walked innocently past as they headed towards the elevators and the security guy SCREAMED at him:  "SIR!!  I NEED TO SEE YOUR KEY!!!!!"  #class #sophistication.  Who the fuck is sneaking into the rooms at 3pm?  Is that process necessary?Then, the elevator is a hall of mirrors like you see at a funhouse.  It's overwhelming.  You can't tell which elevators are arriving.  And there are like a half-dozen elevators but none seem to ever be available.  It's always fun to be the first one to the elevators, wait a few minutes for one to arrive, the one that shows up is five feet away, people who just arrived scurry on and pack it, and you have to wait another five minutes for the next one.To call for the elevator in the first place you have to swipe your room key again and then press the call button.  Amusing watching people press the call button repeatedly and getting frustrated when the up arrow doesn't light up until they eventually figure out they need to swipe their room key.  Calling an elevator really doesn't need to be such a sophisticated process. The rooms . . . meh.  Very uninspiring.  Trying for a chic boutiquey thing but it does nothing to impress.  Directly above my bed I have a black and white panoramic photo of people in a crowd that look as if they're at a music festival.  Um.  Okaaaay.  And there was a long brown hair on the desk.  Way to clean, gang!The bathroom is small and not nearly as nice as most of the 4-star Strip hotels.  No bathtub.  The TV is a gorgeous flat-screen mounted on the wall but, of course, it doesn't work.  Wouldn't turn on this morning.  Finally, randomly turned on hours later when I returned.  As I was watching football, a message about a loose cable kept popping up so I had to press 'ok' repeatedly to get it to finally disappear.  Then the screen froze and it hasn't worked since.  I picked up the phone and called 'guest SERVICES' and it just rang for about ten minutes.  I put it on speakerphone and just addressed other things til somebody finally picked up.  They said they'd send somebody right up.  That was an hour ago.  It's given me enough time to lay down and type this review via iphone.  I have one more night at this place.  Ugh : (Will I be back?  I'd rather get shot in the face.Still waiting for somebody to fix my tv situation.  Been an hour and a halfJust left.  Waited thirty minutes in the taxi line.  Few cabs go that far North (per cabbie).
1	Stay away from this nightclub!!! There is a gang running the place. We were on the guest list and already paid for the package, and they tried to charge us $55 per person after keeping us in the line for an hour! We were a group of 15 (equal ratio) and ended up getting the VIP Bottle service at Tao for half a price! Don't screw up your night choosing this club!
3	I went to visit the SLS and to be honest, my expectations were high for this place. I was not very impressed. The pictures online were a bit deceiving, definitely not what I'm used to in Las Vegas. However, I must say the decor was not so bad, but there weren't too many wow factors in my opinion.
1	Vegas local, here. I live at MGM/Signature.SLS is at the very last Monorail stop at the far north end of the strip where the old Sahara hotel used to be. SLS definitely isn't 'ghetto'. I try to reserve that word for hotels like The Stratosphere and Circus Circus that truly are low-class, both inside and out. But let's just say the SLS is underwhelming. You can probably skip this place on your next Vegas trip.The whole establishment gave me a really negative feeling inside. I'm not a New Ager so I don't really buy into the idea of positive and negative "vibes" or "energies"... but I've gotta say, something felt off about the place. Other things just left me scratching my head.One of the head scratchers is the hotel's theme. What's their target demographic? Who are they trying to appeal to? They had a Pancake Griddle in there with a line of senior citizens out the door. The wait time must've been two hours or more. But then adjacent to that, they're trying to promote a nightclub. I can easily envision a late evening scenario where the long lines of seniors (some with walkers, wheelchairs, etc.) who are waiting to eat at one of the restaurants gradually gets intertwined with the twenty-somethings waiting for the nightclub. Seems like that could be awkward.The floor in one area of the hotel was covered with what appeared to be fur or hair. I suspect there were farm animals in the hotel at one point. But why?The part that bothered me the most though was the massive, rather intimidating security presence on the casino floor. Felt like I was in Ferguson, MO. or something. I took out my iPhone to video one of the restaurants that I thought had a really interesting decor, thinking I'd post it on my Facebook -- but within seconds, one of the guards approached me and said that no photographs or videos were permitted in the hotel. The dude wasn't messing around and I'm not exactly an alpha male who's prone to challenging people, so I quietly complied and then subsequently deleted the video.He was professional and respectful to me and went out of his way to let me know why no photos are allowed: "because of 9/11". Really? Because of 9/11? I was tempted to give him a "What'choo' talking' 'bout, Willis?" because every other strip location I've visited seems to have no prohibitions on videos/photos (unless you're trying to video a card game, etc.) -- but whatever.Anyway, I kind of feel like the SLS views all of their patrons as suspects or potential threats. I hightailed it out of there and likely won't return. The whole thing makes me realize how important it is for me to stay in my "safe zone": Caesars, Mirage, Aria, Cosmo, Mandalay, Fashion Show Mall, and of course my home base at MGM. People seem to like me at those places and value my business (or at least they do a good job of faking it) but man, if I stray a bit too far north, it's downright hostile! My recommendation is to skip SLS. So many great hotels in this town. No need to waste your time here.
1	I came here to support our friends' grand opening... But sorry. Probably never staying here again. Sbe should just stick to night life clubs. Not hotels. My room's tv didn't work, the light just kept blinking on and off on it's own, my room key randomly stopped working so I'm in line to get it working. It's a cool concept but average execution. Even the design of the hotel is pretty tacky. Disappointed to see SLS do so poorly when the one in LA is so hip and cool. I will be continuing to stay at the Wynn and Encore where I know I'm promised to get the best of Vegas. Ps. How come my room is never cleaned? The cleaning staff left their clean sheet behind next to the bed. Terrible. Word of advice to SLS- train your staff, get your technical difficulties figured out before you let people stay and get rid of the hideous plaid suits you make your staff wear.
4	The place is so pretty and so far clean (just opened) I am at the sportsbook bar they are friendly and I can see this place bumping during football Sundays! It's very upscale but for the common folks. They let us check out the second floor pool. I cannot wait to stay here for a night to check out the nightlife. Doesn't look anything like the old Sahara but you can still remember the layout.
5	Before checking in, I'll have to admit that I was a bit wary of the hotel due to all of the bad reviews. However, for anyone else who is planning to stay here, don't let all of the bad reviews scare you away. I stayed here for two nights and had a fantastic time.The part I feared about the most were all of the reviews saying the parking elevators didn't work. Well, luckily for us, they were definitely functioning when we were there.We arrived around 9pm to check-in and didn't have to wait in a line at all. Our room was very clean and to be honest, I really like the design and layout of the entire hotel. Yeah, it may not be everyone's cup of tea, but I personally thought it was pretty refreshing and trendy.The hotel has a ton of great restaurants to choose from, so even though it's a bit far away from the rest of the strip, we barely left the hotel at all. You WILL need to make reservations for your restaurant of choice. Bazaar Meats was completely booked the day we wanted to eat there and we were told that it had been booked for the entire week :(The concierge is extremely helpful and friendly.We really liked the cafe during the morning since they serve pretty freaking good coffee.The only minor problem we had was that when we checked in, the person helping us only had our keys set to work for one day instead of two. So on the second day, we had to go back to the front desk to get it working again, but since we were in the World Tower, it wasn't too much of a hassle.If you gamble, you should know that they seem to train a lot of the new dealers during the daytime (at least in my experience), so the game may move slower than what you're used to. It was an alright pace for me since I did more observing than gambling. Everyone was really friendly and inviting, though :)I do think that this hotel is kind of geared towards the LA crowd because of the vibe it gives off and the restaurants and shops that inhabit it (Umami Burger, Fred Segal), but that's not necessarily a bad thing.I definitely enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay here again.TL;DR - Think of this as the "boutique" hotel of the Las Vegas strip. It's small and trendy.
1	We stopped in opening day to check out what they did with sahara , as i used to work there. The exterior looks good. The interior is either a 60s modern look or i thought it just looked cheap . Lipstick and mirrors. The porters and stewards mustve been off . How would a high class joint have big dust bunnys blowing out from under tables and the bathrooms were a mess and out of towels. But the clincher was when leavin the parking garage has 2 sets of 2 elevators. And i remember them not workin great when it was sahara. But hey it was facelifted . I guess the mechanical side was forgotten for all parking garage elevators were out on opening day . Had to walk to the 6th floor of the parking garage in 100 degree heat. And watching the elderly and the handicapp having to walk up the stairs to there vehicles showed me what they think of locals. Will not be back and would never recommend this property to anyone.
2	Time to check out the new kid on the block. More like way down the block and the only kid around. With the opening being a week ago I wanted to see how the SLS looked internally. I had high hopes since the newly renovated outside turned he old casino into some eye can't for this area. What I didn't like:-the parking garage. The elevators were already not working on a busy holiday weekend. I understand this could happen but they didn't have any signs up and others like myself were standing there for a few minutes wondering what the deal was. We told a well dressed employee near the entrance and he replied "yea no kidding" ( a real jerk-off)! I mentioned it to a bellhop and he made the effort of alerting management. We left a few hours later and still no signs withs guests waiting on different floors for the elevator.- we tried several time to get a players card on the gaming floor. There were no employees behind the customer service counter so you had to find someone with a hand held roaming the casino. After asking a few times we were pointed in the direction of a woman who could help. Within a few minutes and some information we had a card. They seem to have too many employees standing near entrances to greet you upon arrival and no one in between.- I would hope they serve drinks to the gaming patrons. I personally didn't see any cocktail waitresses during my time there. It was busy and I understand t takes time to get a drink but I literally so no such personOutside of a few restaurants I want to try I don't see the need to come back. I hope they do well since this is an area of town that needs a boost but just not a good first impression for me.
1	Cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap. And no, I don't mean great value. I mean it's obvious how many corners they cut with this place. I love the sls in BH and this place feels like a budget motel in comparison. We paid an extra 70 bucks to upgrade to a "lux corner suite" what we got was a cheaply decorated room with a super hard mattress, thin sandpaper sheets, cheap thin sandpaper duvet. The ac is crazy loud. The view is of a back service area. Curtains don't keep light out. No bath tub. And this is not a suite.... It's just a regular king bed. Using French themed printed curtains as wallpaper and dividers does not make the room cool. It makes it look like they cut corners, which, oh yeah... It's obvious. This is probably by far the worst "luxury" hotel I've stayed in. Ever. Not to mention, right when we checked in the room was not even cleaned! It took over half an hour of trying to get a hold of someone via phone and then going down to the lobby before the housekeeper we were able to flag down just felt bad for us and cleaned up right away. No, we were never able to get a hold of anyone to make a complaint. The finish and quality of this hotel just isn't there and neither is the service. Take your business elsewhere. You will be disappointed. Our friends warned us already, but given that I love the sls BH, I wanted to try it out anyway. Boo. Guess they "already told me so."Update: yea I wrote this prior to check out. But here comes the sweet cherry on top of an already crappy experience. So while we were waiting for the room we had nowhere to go... Decided to grab two beers at the bar downstairs. Total, $17. We charged it to the room. Upon check out we noticed that they charged us $19 on top of the $17 beer charge as "gratuity".. Really? For that crappy service? Get real. Then they tried to sneak on another room charge and double charge us for the one night. Wow. And no offer to waive any fees or anything for our entire crappy experience which I did finally unload onto the front desk agent. Just dropped another star. Definitely by far the worst Vegas experience ever. Zero customer service or appreciation. Won't even be patronizing the BH location anymore.Even asked for late check out but decided I really couldn't blow the joint quick enough. It was just too unrelaxing and flustering.
2	The Trip Randomly decided last minute to celebrate my birthday weekend and of course Labor Day (in addition to SLS's Grand Opening) in Vegas, we figured that we would give SLS a try. After all, SLS in West LA is amazing! However, we have a slightly different feel about this hotel after this visit. We'll break this down to help you understand some good things and the bad (unfortunately, they have more issues than positives). The Good- Rate was cheap for the grand opening during Labor Day vs where we normally stay (e.g Aria, Wynn) - Traffic getting around in that area is light since it's roughly a mile away from Wynn - Some of the staff were really nice and greeted you with a smile- Comfortable bed The Bad - Called guest services and was on hold for over 5 minutes. They have this repeated message that states how someone will be with me shortly. I just hung up- Valet is a sad excuse of valet parking. I don't blame the workers as they were running and some where standing there. This is an operations issue and constraint. We had to wait several minutes but we tipped anyways even though tips should be service-based. Better service = greater tips. One or two guys running to get each car while some wait around doesn't seem very efficient when you have several people waiting for cars- Lack of taxis - If you need to go to another hotel, expect to wait for taxis. They don't come here often and it's a waiting game. - Room charge - be sure to check it fully for each person. We found that we were charged over a hundred dollars for some room charge. If we didn't question it, it would have stuck so be sure to check upon check out- Working out - small gym as expected. Imagine a very nice city hotel gym and that's what you get. Not like Venetian, Wynn, or Aria's gyms. When I got there, there were no towels. I asked for some and one person told the other person, who then told me that they are out right now. No "we're sorry let us get one for you now," just "we're out right now." - Hotel elevators in the hotel is much slower than I'm used to. Maybe for this particular hotel, it's okay. But the end-user experience for me was that I waited too long and is not what I'm used to when going to other hotels in the area- Parking garage elevators are another story. We were valeting it but as mentioned, it was taking too long and had to get to our dinner reservations so we mitigated our risk by parking ourselves. It was full so we had to go to the very top on the 6th floor. Guess what happened next? ELEVATOR WAS BROKEN! So we walked in the nice 100 degree heat and then went up to our room to change/freshen up for dinner. Hoping that the elevator would have been fixed, we go back but naturally, it's still down. They should have at least let us know as guests and did something for us for our troubles - If someone smokes in the room hallways, you'll smell it. Ventilation is not the best and random statement, when we checked out at 11am, there were 2 condoms in the hallway. Good times. - Design was a bit gloomy. Walking around in the casino floor, we did a full circle in a couple of minutes. It's small and wasn't the wow factor we were looking for. - Attracting the medium-income families, this hotel should not charge Wynn rates. Instead, it should charge Tropicana or NYNY rates. When we walked to the gym, we saw the VIP area and it didn't look like one. - Not a lot of shopping so you don't get that overall resort feeling like you do with some of the major players The ConclusionOverall, it's disappointing that SLS cut corners with this release. From the blanket responses on Yelp! (from SLS management), angered customers, and to the issues mentioned above, we'll likely never stay here again. They are ruining their brand image right now and it's sad to see. If you are used to staying at a quality run resort, you should stay away from here. Again, this hotel would be great the way it is if it was in LA or some other city. Not in Vegas.
2	Las Vegas local. Sahara was my first job upon arriving in town 8 years ago. The good:1.  The restaurants. 800 Degrees was very tasty and very reasonably priced, particularly for a Vegas casino. Cleo's was also above average and fairly reasonably priced although the portions are on the smaller side. The Bad:1. Upon check-in had to wait behind two drunk kids from the pool that were having some issue with their room. They literally stood there flirting(if you can call it that) with the receptionist adjacent to us for 30 minutes. The manager made no attempt to pull them aside and deal with their issue or say enough is enough and move them along. The receptionist that checked us in was nice and did a good job. 2.  The pool is very small and thus becomes overcrowded with no chairs or shade available to most of the people. I was with two kids so we just laid our towels out on the ground and enjoyed it. They didn't care.  Seemed like no cocktail service was offered unless you had a cabana. I actually went into the casino to get some beverages. Crowd was posers and 80% douchebags; 10% straight out hookers.  3.  The rooms are spartan and are very very small. Not a single decoration on the wall, in either the main room or bathroom. That's not an exaggeration. The bed frames were cheap, the AC was loud, the ceiling had some weird exposed concrete with industrial lighting fixtures going on. Looked like something from an unfinished basement. In addition there was no bathtub and not even a proper bathroom!  The sink was in the main room and the bathroom door slid over to cover the sink area when opened. So anyone wanting to use the sink area meant the person in the shower room had to stay there. Just weird and not functional. Two rooms here would easily be 2-3 somewhere else. No joke. There was also a buzzer that went off literally every 15 minutes or so ALL night. I still haven't figured out what, or where, it was. Any call to guest services will be a 10-30 minute wait time. 4. A lot of employees said hello and acknowledged us. Many did not. I would think a place that just opened would have everyone acknowledging every guest. 5. Employees don't seem to know much about the property which I put on management as much as the individual employees. As just one example one told me the gym closes at 8pm. Another told me it's open 24/7. A third told me 7pm.6. Forget about getting a CODE card unless you wanna wait a substantial amount of time.  7.  No poker room.  8. The casino floor has way too many machines and/or table games serving as obstacles.  Absolutely no room to maneuver about. It's like herding cattle around the perimeter. 9.  The spa could use some work.  Upon stepping off the elevator I was greeted by a lobby that looked like I had haphazardly hung some white sheets from the wall.  I guess it was supposed to be cool but it just looked tacky.  I can't speak to any spa services other than the gym.  The dumbbell workout area was awkward.  I'm tall, 6'4'', but I'm not so tall as to be unusual.  The ceiling was very low.  So low, in fact, that had I wanted to lift the dumbbells above my head I would have punched a hole in the ceiling.  I found it to be too dark as well.Having said all that the stay was free so I can't complain too much. I will say though that our offer letter promised, and we booked,  a "World Tower" room. Upon check in they put us in the "Story Tower".  Just wanted to give a review. Hope the kinks get worked out. There's really nothing for someone with kids to do here except eat, but I realize someone with kids may not be their target demographic.
3	i have very mixed feelings about the sls. my review is based off a 4 day stay on labor day weekend. PROSValet + Parking: efficient for a hotel that has just opened. compared to say, the hot mess parking of the cromwell, ive found coming in and out of taxis/parking to be pleasant. always two parking attendants, self park easy access. Wifi:anyone with instagram, facebook, imessage, etc will be happy to know that the guest wifi is freakin boss. it works everywhere, even in the elevator. even in the nightclubs.Dining + Nightlife:if you are familiar w/these LA staples, come visit. bazaar meat by jose andres carries an entirely different menu than the respective locales in miami and beverly hills. sayers, foxtail, life, cleo, katsuya, are the main draw. even a hipster coffee joint ala intelligentsia, called Perq. the choices and layout of the clubs and restaurants themselves are hip, trendy, and on par with what weve come to expect from say light at mandalay. make reservations, save your hotel keys for the foxtail pool, and make table reservations.Personality:from LA fred segals colorful logo to our yellow shower, to neon elevator decor. slslv is very "cute". its quirky. its definitely not a money-to-wall concept. borderline hipster (our room ceiling is unfinished concrete and couches are cushions on plastic), this place may make you smile. especially if you appreciate a feminine slant ie the cosmoCONSThe People:dont know if its because its so close to the opening of the casino or if it being labor day had an especially bad influence, but what really brought down our experience were the types of people that frequented all these amazing facilities. i may be pretentious but, it is,for lack of a better word, a little trashy. not like trendy vegas hakkasan bandeau thats kind of sexy we want it trashy, but like diy whys her ass hanging out swim suit with only strips covering half a nipple trashy. older crowd, lots of stomach tattoos on guys. its "that" crowd. not the same people you would find frequenting city center. the people were not classy. if youre a tinder user, or jersey shore fan, you may love the people!Layout:absolutely the worst. whoever designed this hotel should be out of work. no main walk ways, stairs at the entrance so you have to lug your luggage up and down 2 sets of stairs, then, no clear designation to check in. like, there is legitimately no floor path/walkway to the checkin/registration. as a hotel guest, this is a nightmare. to get to our room without walking in a huge circle, i have to shimmy through slot machines. this is not just a, this kevin c user is retarded comment, its actually what inspired me to leave this entire review in the first place. every, and i mean every hotel guest was snaking their way through slot machines. my suit case hit five old chinese ladies. i mean..No Ice:my reviews already too long, but im just going to say. even motel six has ice. you have to call guest dining to get ice. Location in relation to strip:okay so, at first i was like, dude no worries i love circus circus i dont care that its so far north. but factor in traffic time, and the extra block in between sls and rivera. lets just say 30 min to city center or 20$ cab rides get old really quick. its really a drain.Story Tower:granted there is a lot of personality and cuteness at play, at the end of the day you need room for luggage. the sink is located awkwardly outside the bathroom, and the "closet" is essentially a drilled down roll away rack. also, the story rooms are not the typical size from a standard room in las vegas. much smaller. less spacious, less amenities.Code/Gaming Membership:the gaming membership rewards points cannot be used at restaurants. enough said.overall mixed feelings. sls is a different place to come - if youre staying somewhere else - to try their restaurants and nightlife, but at the same time, i would not recommend anyone stay here as a hotel guest based off our experience.
3	Pretty nice hotel. The Sahara hotel was pretty small so they didn't have a lot to work with. I am dissapointed though in the Celling. They just painted it black, they coulda been more creative with it
1	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas.  We were here for 2 nights.We got locked out of our room due to our keycards not working, not once but twice!!!  This cost me about an hr of my time. On top of all this, there was a half eaten burrito in our fridge, which smelled like a concoction of garlic and puke.  So after all this we were only offered a $50 credit for dining! The rooms are lacking in size and decor. The casino is small. The pool was tiny.  Why the F would any one come all the way down the strip to stay here? I will NEVER stay here again.  Wynn/encore owns this place in every respect. Don't waste your time or money.
5	I was very surprised by the overall rating of this hotel. I'm a local and I think it's gorgeous, as well as modern but also vintage at the same time. And really people, the ceiling does not matter. I like that they made it all black at least. The restaurants look so nice and trendy. It's like having a little piece of LA right here in Vegas. I will be staying here soon!
3	Hey Yelpers, my turn for a review and I stayed at SLS for two nights. I was excited since it was the newest hotel in Vegas, but I can't say that I was impressed. It wasn't bad, but the ambience and theme of the hotel just didn't cut it for this guy. PROS: Great folks at the check in/out counter. Thank you Balasz for ensuring that my check out was smooth and asking about my stay. Very professional. Folks at the buffet were great too and the food was good. Rooms were cleaned and I enjoyed the lighted mirrors. CONS: The elevators by the parking garage. It took nearly 5 minutes for it to finally open and when using it again, some guy passing by warned us that it somehow just stopped on the second floor. I can see how the others are complaining. Hotel is lacking in directions so I think that needs to be worked on. It's a new hotel, yes, but you can probably skip it on your next Vegas getaway. BTW, what was up with those monkeys on the coat of arms???
5	SLS is great! Idk why people are being negative. They did a good job remodeling the old Sahara. There are so many hot restaurants, 2 nightclubs and a day club pool. I spent 4 nights beginning the day of their grand opening. I went to the play day, VIP party, and was there when they opened the doors to the public at midnight. Everyone is so friendly and I truly have a pleasant experience each time I go there.  Ive eaten at Umami Burger, Ku Noodle, the Griddle, and Cleo so far. Ive had drinks at the Monkey Bar and the Center Bar. My least favorite restaurant so far is Ku Noodle... the food was nothing special, BUT its possible that I just didnt order the right thing for me. I will give it another try. The rest of the restaurants , I loved them all. Both the bars are pretty cool too. And the bartenders are all very attractive men, with friendly outgoing personalities. The Monkey theme .. I dont get it.. whats with all the apes? Lol.. well whatever it is, it cracks me up and I like it bc its so weird. I like weird. The dealers all wear vests with monkeys on them too, lol! I stayed in the standard hotel room with two beds. I notice that SLS really likes mirrors. Im okay with that. Mirrors cover your walls in the rooms. I dig it. Who doesnt like mirrors? I know that one of the towers has rooms with the mirrors on the ceilings. Hey hey. Thats could be fun too. Thr rooms sere nice and clean at arrival. I left for about 30 minutes and came back to Ethel M. Chocolate box on our beds along with a gift package. It gave you cool blue SLS sunglasses, house slippers, and those things that cover your eyes when you sleep. Everywhere I went throughout the casino everyone was very friendly and welcoming. I also went to the Foxtail pool which was pretty chill. It didnt have a dayclub type of feel to it. I think it might just be a regular pool , not sure. But the pool was nice. I ordered drinks at the bar and the female bartender doesnt know how to make her cocktails yet... so I waited about 10 minutes for her to make a drink... then she gave me my drink with no ice. Why would I want a drink with no ice when im outside in a 100 degree weather? Whatever.. youre new, I get it. Housekeeping...hm okay. I wasnt too happy with housekeeping. I asked the maid to change our sheets and then she told me she doesnt know if she can change them unless its been 3 days. I told her im staying here 4 days, I was on the third day.  Then she asked the ither maid next to her if she has to change my sheets... she was saying this in front of me too btw. The other maid told her that if a guest wants their sheets changed at anytime, then youre supposed to... DUH!  Anyway, I felt a little bad for asking her since it was clear that she didnt want to... I gave her 10 dollars and told her I very much appreciate it and thanked her. Now later when I come back to my room... that stupid maid ONLY changed my sheets and did absolutely nothing and I mean NOTHING else. We still had trash in out trash cans, the floor hadnt been vacuumed, we had ZERO toilet paper, and no fresh towels. Wtf man. At least give us some damn toilet paper. That was the most annoying to me. Foxtail was fun but I didnt stay too long since we had a table at LIFE. Service was great there, music was cool. I couldnt go too crazy drunk and dance bc my bf works there so I must be a lady :) I really like the SLS. They took an old rundown gross Sahara casino and created this classy and modern hot spot. I see all the employees working their butts off and I appreciate hard work.  Especially the hosts running around making sure everyone is being well taken care of. Some people said its small inside.. ive seen smaller. They have great amenities so I think that makes yp for it too. I was there last night and a lot of beautiful people go to the SLS. Its a nice view for the most part. I always try to dress a little nicer and wear heels when I go there. Lol. I dont want to be underdressed when I go there. Good job SLS. You got me.
1	If I could give them zero stars I would.  To say it was horrible would actually be an understatement. From the moment we got there they started screwing up and it just didn't stop. I will list the problems but I must emphasize the BIGGEST problem. They were rarely apologetic for mishaps which was the most egregious part of the experience. I expected some kinks as it was the second weekend they were open, however, the unwillingness of the majority of the employees to fix the problems was shocking. Problems: 1. We waited over 10 minutes at the valet for a bellhop. We were the only ppl waiting so it wasn't like there was a line. When we asked what was going on, the valet told us there was only ONE bellhop working that post on the Friday afternoon before Labor Day weekend. Poor planing to say the least. 2. When checking in, we asked the front desk where a good place in the hotel would be to grab drinks. The places she said to go were closed and the places she said were closed were the ones open. We spent an hour walking around the hotel later that night due to her poor information3. We got to our room and the toilet clogged. We called down to get it fixed 3 times before anyone came. When we asked to switch rooms they said we didn't need to because they would fix it, but it took too long for someone too come, we had to go down to the lobby to use the bathroom.  If they couldn't send someone to fix it they should have honored our request to switch. Instead, they argued with us during not only the first but also the second call down to get it fixed. 4. We ordered a rollaway and confirmed 3 times at check in. When one didn't come, we called and they said it was a fire hazard for a rollaway to be in that room. We had to switch, which the wouldn't let us do due to the clogged toilet so to be honest we weren't too upset about that. Except, it took 4 hours and 3 calls to get the rollaway to out next room.  Each time we called they said it wasn't in the system, and they would enter it and it would come right away. We would tell them the last person did that, and they would say well it wasn't Entered and I am entering it now, so it will come. We tried to tell them obviously the system is not working right but each person insisted we were wrong and they had fixed the problem. Clearly NOT the case. 4. The bell hop that we waited 10 min upon arrival, lost our bags. When we called down, we told them we had dinner reservation at the hotel restaurant in 10 min and we need our stuff. It was a hotel restaurant, not one person we spoke to ( we called multiple time) offered to call the restaurant and have them hold our reservation. They only questioned our need for our luggage prior to dinner. This all happened in the first few hours. It didn't get better. I won't bore you with the additional details but I just want to warn everyone NOT to go. There are plenty of wonderful hotels on the strip with great service. I spent over 25%  of our vacation fixing their mistakes. Our room didn't get cleaned for 3 days. We showered with dirty towels. A holiday inn would have been better.They have these people in red checkered blazers all over the hotel. I think they tell them to be extremely rude and unhelpful because I didn't speak to one in 3 days that smiled. As mentioned earlier, the absolute worst part was when speaking to multiple managers the only real thing anyone did was take 100$ off our 1000$ + bill. You would expect a lot more after such a nightmare experience. I tend to be a very satisfied customer and I travel a ton. I have never ever ever seen anything like this.  Don't waste your time or money. It doesn't even seem like they care about how awful it is. For most people vacations are hard earned and few and far between. This wasn't a vacation for me. I feel like I spend a lot of money and time on frustration and I am not getting any of my time back and they only felt the need to give me back less than 10 percent of my hard earned money.
2	Nice decor in the casino, cool concepts, kind of an Alice in Wonderland meets Wizard of Oz.. I think the carpets are neat, better than the lame ass carpets at the usual casinos. Life nightclub is my favorite local spot now, friendly staff, buffet was on point. Umami burger is horrible, rooms are nice except there's no sheets on the beds, and there's weird french printed drapes on the walls that give it a cheap feel. (In the suites) and garage elevators didn't work.Forgot to add, there was no closets, and safe wasn't even prepped we had to call somebody to bring a screwdriver to unscrew the battery door to put the batteries in. Was on hold for a long time. Hard to get ahold of anybody. Our favorite spot is Cosmo. Always perfect service and nice rooms.
3	This is just an ok casino its small I mean the decor is nice and there are some nice retaraunts but overall I dont know if it would be my first coice for a Vegas stay. I mean I went the to see this bar that has the face.... but ut was nothing like what I had seen online so that was  a dissapointment. But if you are lookig for a small casino that you dont have to walk forever to get from one place to another this is the place for you. This was a great addition for the part of the strip and I do like the outside bar that is there on the corner.
4	Was there on Sunday before labor day.  I understood the hotel is new and need to fix some things.  I just hope they do. - Room was Very clean.  Liked the white modern stream line look.   - Check-in staff was very attentive.  - Needed to print my tickets to the club (Light)  called concierge, by the time I was downstairs, they were ready to be picked up.  btw, did not have to wait in a long line to get in the club BIG PLUS- The pool was very roomy, had a Miami feel.  Sorry but $20 for a mixed drink is crazy though.- The valet pick up area is a joke though just 2 benches in a narrow walkway- The Griddle cafe Great burgers and a S*&t load of friesYes I would go back
1	Ok so first off place looks pretty cool from outside (Driving from strip) the random sculpture is actually kinda cool. We decided to hit the parking lot and not valet, which we should have valeted my car. The elevators were broken and my escort for the night was not too pleased to walk down five flights of stairs. But hey, I'm paying for her company so she can just shut up! If she hadn't been a such seasoned woman in high heels it could have spelled disaster if she tumbled her old ass down those narrow steps. So we made our way to the hotel. Which apparently has no vacuum cause there was this fuzzy stuff all over the floor, my escort thought her weave was shagging. It wasn't. Anyhow. The place is ok, nothing really sticks out. I mean the dealers looked really quite silly and I thought I was at Ringling Bros Circus when I saw them. Even my date laughed and she was wearing a sequins dress to a burger spot haha!!! She ain't fancy! We did have a pretty sweet burger though at Umami Burger. This dude at Center bar was nice also, his name was "Hank or Henry" or something. Nice dude and quick on the drinks. He offered my date a drink but I told him no, as this night was getting too expensive for a hooker... I mean escort. I hate that we had to end our night walking up five flights of stairs. My date was feeling sweaty and dirty by the time we got up to my car. I mean yeah, it's her job to be sweaty and dirty, but still. Ya know? Likely won't ever go back, but if I were you I would check it out anyway. See for yourself :D
5	Love this place. Great dealers. Great restaurants and lovely hotel. Its working the kinks out which some fickle yelpers below don't seem to understand. It's only been open a week guys Considering they are barely a week old I would say they deserve six or seven stars!!
3	I'm only giving 3 stars because I feel like being brand new your elevators at the parking garage should have worked. Luckily I parked on the 3rd floor so not such a bad work but I felt bad for the family with babies who waited 10 minutes with me to figure out the elevators didn't work. The very least they could have done was put a sign up that said "Out of Order ." Also only one cone in front of the door on the downstairs first floor, leads you to believe only one is not working. Also, the escalator to the monorail was broken. Whoa now that is not  fun flight of stairs to climb up or down. I also have to complain about the pool. First, the tiles in front of the entrance to the pool are slippery as heck.  I almost cracked my head open when I went for a quick ride lol, but seriously someone can really hurt themselves, especially with all the alcohol being purchased at the pool.  Second, we asked 3 different people for a server so we could order some food at the pool. After an hour of being told someone will be right over, we got out of the pool and left to go get some dinner. Third, not letting you take towels to the room after you are done is not cool. Its not very classy to have people dripping water all down the hallway and into the elevators to the rooms. I did like the design of the rooms and the way they redid the hotel. I won't stay again but I would probably visit for some of the restaurants.
5	This past weekend was my eighth trip to Vegas and by far the most enjoyable (maybe since I didn't gamble this time).  I found the SLS to be perfect.  I started the weekend at Caesar's and appreciated SLS was not in the middle of the madness but still convenient to get to by the monorail (which in itself is a fun ride).Since I didn't gamble, I can't really speak for the casino but it seemed a good size, not too big or small.  I did shop and the Fred Segal stores were a dream come true.  Great selection, helpful sales people, and I liked how the different departments were separated throughout the casino. Plus they included a naughty shop.I was excited to try the Umami Burger since I haven't been able to get down to the one in NYC.  Food-wise it lived up to my high expectations and it was helpful to have it combined with the sports betting area so we could watch the games.  At night we went to LiFE and Sayers Club.  Both were lots of fun and actually renewed my interest in live music.My room in the World Tower was excellent.  Like the whole complex, I found it to be very trendy and cool but also welcoming.  Little design surprises would show up when you didn't expect them.It amazed me the place was only open for a week.  I couldn't find any glitches and I was prepared for them!
1	Sam Nazarian is no Steve Wynn. Not even in the same hemisphere This hotel is horrible. When we arrived the elevators at the parking garage were broken. Which is funny because "management" replied to a review someone else posted saying this "issue was resolved". Thats a BOLD LIE! We had to walk 5 flights of stairs up and down. (no joke) That was just the beginning. The shotty overspray of paint marks were everywhere. You could literally see where the paint sprayer stopped when painting the hotel white color. This hotel is lipstick on a pig. We went to LIFE nightclub at around 10:45pm and literally were the first people in line down the very long hallway. Literally nobody (not one person) behind us. They made us wait over 20 mins for NO reason. when we walked in the place was empty. Ladies in their glittery dresses just standing around, the guys wearing matching chuck shoes with there hands behind their backs waiting for the night to be over so they could collect a paycheck, the dance floor not moving and people looking around like WTF is this?...... The detail was not good. Crooked tiles on the ground. (some missing grout) watered down OVERPRICED drinks ($16 for small bacardi-coke) DJ Pete Tong couldn't even keep the place alive. Tables start at $550. Half of them were still empty all the way through the night. For a "grand opening" night. It was a flop. The place started to get crowded around 12 midnight, then literally people started leaving at about 1:30 am in droves. The rumblings of disappointment were obvious. I think Sam Nazarian got a little too cocky buying this hotel (the old Sahara) The location is not good (far end of the strip). He depended too much on his 'LA brand" thinking he could just woddle into Las Vegas and "make it happen". The only thing good about this hotel is the restaurants, thats it. Nothing more. I was waiting for the paint to fall off and the wallpaper to come down with the Sahara hotel shining back through to life.
2	I realize it's new, and we expected (to a degree) some hiccups, but I'm still paying for my stay as normal, so I don't think what we received in return was acceptable.Bottom line- the staff has clearly has not had adequate training and time to be able to operate this hotel yet. Arrival: It was not clear which entrance was for check-in and which was the side more for clubs.Check in: Rate did not match what i had reserved and what was on my confirmation. So an already slow process took longer since a manager had to sort that out. I had booked directly on the SLS website as well. Meanwhile - during all this wait, the bellman is stuck standing there with our stuff on a cart as he goes up with us at the same time.Valet: Awful. Waiting area small and dangerous. The female attendant who "helped" me after we had been waiting 30 minutes for our car should not be in any type of position that deals with customers. Rude, snide and unhelpful, even when we were about to miss our show. We were beyond patient.Self-parking: after the Valet debacle, we chose to self-park (Valet was always full after that anyways- no choice.) Many people driving the wrong way because it's not marked and as many have said, some elevators didn't work, but weren't marked as such.Perq: 10 people working, but clearly struggling on how to make the  coffee drinks. Everyone waiting a good 15 minutes for their beverages, when there was virtually no line.Griddle Cafe: Had nice service with Alexis. Food was ok. This was at 12:00am though. Wait was ridiculous otherwise and they wouldn't take reservations for breakfast.Mini-bar: not fully stocked, no price menu.Room: small but nice. However, mini blinds and a pull down shade that doesn't fully block out light? In Vegas? Really? Gave it a motel feel. We had to try to stick towels around the window so we didn't get an early morning sunshine wake-up call that we didn't want.  And the pull down shade was so weird with a group of people on it? Supposed to be cool I guess but really was quite creepy.Check-out: I couldn't check out on the TV screen because my charges were wrong again and no one answered the phone, so I had to wait in line and it took the front desk staff about 10-15 minutes for EACH person in line.Hopefully they can get it together......hotels kinda get one chance with customers to get it right. Plenty of other choices in this price range so it's not like I'm going to "try" them again.
1	HORRIBLE!!! There is almost NO CELL SERVICE in the entire main floor!!! How can that happen?!? All 4 people in my party had NO CELL SERVICE AT ALL throughout every restaurant, clubs, bars, bathrooms & gaming floor... RIDICULOUS!!! Also, prices are stupid high & design is ugly (unfinished warehouse ceiling in a Vegas Strip casino...?!?
2	Stayed here over labor day weekend. Was very excited to see what the new hotel would be like but was not very impressed. When we arrived friday the hotel was empty so check in was quick and easy. I had booked through an email they had sent me for a free high floor upgrade which wasn't applied to our room. The room itself was clean and the decor in the world tower is cute but very girly. The rooms are very small and reminded me of an upgraded dorm room. Anytime we would try to call the front desk we would be on hold for 30 minutes and would end up giving up. There is no actual room service through the hotel, but a couple of the restaurants like Umami Burger and 800 Degrees will deliver to the rooms. The only frustrating thing about this was that none of them were open for breakfast or very late. The valet was very slow and we almost missed a dinner reservation because we had to wait for our car so long. However there was never a cab line, and it is nice that to get up to the main part of the strip you can take the freeway instead of dealing with the traffic on the strip. It is still about a $25 ride to get down to the MGM. There is a monorail stop at the hotel which was quick, easy, and probably a better deal then taking cabs. The pools are nothing to write home about. We thought for a holiday weekend Beach LiFE would be more of a pool party but was empty with an older crowd. The Foxtail pool is nice but small and quiet. Overall I probably wouldn't stay here again because of the size and location but would definitely head there for dinner and to go to LiFE and Foxtail nightclubs again.
4	Had a great time this past Labor Day weekend. The elevators worked just fine, so not sure why everyone was having terrible elevator problems. I found the place refreshing as it wasn't "touristy" like the main Strip. The crowd was beautiful, mostly under 35, so a lot of eye candy:)     I thought it was a nice sized hotel at a great price.  It's not the Cosmo, but we were also not paying exorbitant Cosmo prices, too! The eateries were solid, loved Griddle Cafe and I'll be coming back to try and snag a reservation for Bazaar Meat.
1	So my experience at the SLS LAS VEGAS RESORT. First off the hotel i liked the glowing lights upon the floor as you walk in from the valet, but what do those lights have nothing to do with anything else in the hotel? there is no theme to the hotel. They obviously forgot it was Las Vegas and made it like LA. the security wears plaid uniforms... theres ducks and monkeys as there mascots lil animals as decorative stickers on the glass and doors. Now lets get to the good stuff. there furniture looks like it was from IKEA. Instead of putting wall paper they put decorative curtain around the room walls. The phones didn't work in the rooms as well as the toilets. seems like they tried making this hotel very cheaply. besides all that all weekend all i heard were complaints. from sitting in the vip to going over to the front desk to waiting for an elevator which made the hotel even more less attractive. on top of all that. they don't even have good desert for room service. this hotel literally might be worst than flamingo and no offense to them i have never even been there. i really wish SLS took more time to figure out what there goal was in making an SLS in vegas because vegas is no joke and this hotel is.
3	I was expecting a lot more than what I got from this casino. It's 2014 and I had expected something NEW. I had high hopes for SlS to bring something to the table that no other casino in the strip brought.  There is nothing from the SlS that calls for your attention or something that will make you want to say . Neither to say the casino is beautiful it just lacks. There is only 3 things to do. Either you gamble you eat or you sleep.  It seriously lacked entertainment.
1	Wow these rooms look like crap. The only difference from Sahara is a cheap paint job and really really really tacky cheap decorations. When compared to the SLS in la this is an epic fail. The brand has officially been destroyed with this location.
5	This was first time here eating at SLS Buffet  must say it was very very good everything was awesome .. The desert look really good too even tho I didn't have any but my Husband sure did he said Choc ice cream was really good so was Choc chip cookie still warm with big Choc chips and he also had Choc whipped pudding ! We will be back for sure
2	I was not impressed with this hotel at all. Very tiny rooms, no fridge, service is bad and slow. We stood here for Labor Day weekend 2014. It took an hour just to bring up our luggage, ice and towels. Not to mention it has one small window facing the parking lot and a back street. I will not be staying here again with my girlfriends.
5	Great place to come play blackjack and have a good meal. Dealers are extremely professional and very friendly. Looking forward to trying all the different restaurants
2	I came to the SLS for lunch at Umami Burger with my family. What turned out to be a pleasant first time visit quickly turned sour. While playing on the slots we were told that we cannot have our baby's stroller nearby, so quickly my boyfriend complied. Meanwhile, the security officer (men dressed in red plaid suits) instructed his partner to "keep an eye them", as if we had done something wrong. First of all, we are of LEGAL age and if he was skeptical of our age why didn't he ask for an id. We left right after that happened. To make matters worse, his partner once again told us we could not go in the direction of the casino to get to our car. When we told him we parked at the other end he ACCUSED us and said he saw us come in when in fact we didn't. He then followed us through the casino to the lobby area. I am so disappointed and frankly, discriminated. The security officers made it look like we had committed a crime when we were just there to have a good lunch as a family. I gave SLS 2 stars when I really wanted to give them 1 because I loved the ambience of the hotel. But I would not go back there just to feel humiliated and discriminated.
2	Came to gamble not for restaurants but they seem to focus on the food only which seemed to overkill that. Some clothing and apparel but several sections of all the same company. Everything is owned by the casino and not by the company that is named like umami burger. I'm from Orange county and that's where this originated. Knowing Vegas copying famous chains from other places in the states, I won't even try it here. Casino floor is a nightmare. So crammed and disorganized. Same with the parking garage. The exit to the parking is like an accident waiting to happen. Not impressed by the extravagant decor. Club manager is rude and only interested with pretty girls and for being a new place, one would think they would be happy to showcase the inside even just a peek. Changes needed in order for me to spend money here.
1	Coming from the LA area, I was excited to see SLS hit the Vegas scene.  Stayed here on their grand opening weekend & it was horrible! From the out-of-service elevators that would stop at every floor, to the tacky white-tiled bathroom floor and wall, I was ready to leave after 30 minutes.  This hotel used to be an old run-down hotel, which they renovated to be what is now SLS.  However, renovation budget must've been tight, because it seemed like they did the bare minimum.  Stuck it out for one night, and left elsewhere.  If you're looking to visit Vegas, I wouldn't recommend staying here.  Their brand new club, LiFE, is pretty small but open layout with the DJ dead-center.  Expect hard trance there =/
2	Disappointing, especially when compared to SLS in Miami or Los Angeles. Las Vegas hotel did not meet my expectations. I expected the decor to be unique, but it just freely "thrown together" especially Cosmopolitan or Encore are other options. Maybe they're still trying to get the bugs out - since it's fairly new.
3	Rooms are extremely small. Brand new and very clean, but food blows and room is ridiculously tiny with little or no window. Pool music sucks. Not enough chairs for bitches in bikinis. And the club is alright. Weird set up. Dj not in an ideal location. But I would still stay again.
4	The sls is nice, but I was surprised about the 2.5 stars.  I can kinda see why.  The rooms are a bit small and given how big the sls is in Los angeles, I was expecting more.  The challenge with the sls is that it is located near the stratosphere so you are kinda stuck out there. No real other big casinos nearby. The interior decor is nice and I saw some hot women, but the cosmopolitan remains where I go to see the hottest chicks. It is worth checking out, but let's just say that I am in no rush to return.
5	Been here many times and I love the LA feel it has. The rooms are beautiful and nicely done. Love the infinity mirrors in the room. The employees at every venue I've been at are very friendly and helpful.  Restaurants we have dined at were very good and the price for being on the strip is very reasonable. Love Katsuya! On to the Nightlife, three different venues for your pleasure. I liked Life the best since the music is more my taste and the performers were fun to watch. Great job SLS!
2	As locals, we were waiting for the hubub to die down to experience the newest casino on the strip. We watched as the facade evolved and we were really excited to see the beautiful transformation from the old behemoth that had been the Sahara. As we drove up with out of town guests we all marveled at the  fresh snow white exterior in the dark desert night. We walked into the front entrance being dazzled by the "lit" floors and the sparkling giant glass entry.  As we stepped out of the bright contemporary well lit entry we hit an immediate disconnect on the casino floor. It looked like they ran out of money for the casino. The pipes and conduit are exposed like an old warehouse painted black with the ceilings which makes it look like you stepped into some seedy old dance club in NY.As we wandered around looking for games, we discovered a tiny casino floor with limited gaming options and horror.....NO POKER room. WTH!? Restaurants were trendy and cool looking with the exception of the odd "Griddle" coffee shop. We did not eat in any of them nor had any inclination to do so after touring this odd place.Another strange addition was the staff uniforms. The security were dressed in "forever plaid" dorky jackets that made them look more like a barbershop quartet than anything called security. The "monkey" outfits that the dealers wore were some kind of bizarre joke and it must feel a bit sad to have to wear that joke all day.All in all, a very big disappointment. The vibe is bizarre and is definitely NOT a place I want to hang at. I can't believe the elite owners from Beverly Hills took such a gigantic misstep. Sadly, this place of long ago grandeur adds nothing to the sad north end of the strip. Still looking forward to new development to transform this seedy area.It is pitiful that the famous SLS Beverly Hills group will not be the one(s) to do it.
1	If I can rate SLS Las Vegas Hotel -100 Stars I would!!!!!! The room are so so tiny, the floor is dusty, stains everywhere, on towels, bed sheet, table, and couch... Both bed side lights had no light bulb, lol yes, no light bulb in there! I was so excited to stay here because I had amazing time at the SLS Beverly Hills. However,  after I checked in this so call brand new renovated hotel, I feel so uncomfortable to stay because our room is beyond dirty, dusty and unfinished. I will never come back for SLS LV because you paid for a brand new hottest Las Vegas hotel cost, but only got local motel status! Everything was outdated... FYI I stayed at the Lux tower king suit, avg. $220 per night after taxes plus resort fees. I tried to upgrade to a SLS king suite, they said it's $700 per night, please see my pictures, the $700 Suite doesn't have light bulb either. So, needless to say, SLS Las Vegas, What a shame...
1	The SLS is a reface of the old Sahara. The pictures make it look like they did a nice job and on the surface it looks nice. But after a short time in the hotel, you realize everything feels cheap and/or old. The room layouts just don't work. The hotel should have just been leveled and built from the ground up. It's not fixable. And the location is not very good either. One last point, the club LiFE is not good. Not good at all.
2	When there to check it out and found the help is very poorly trained first and worst thing is getting your car from valet in back by the rooms the pick up area is so small in traffic areas my daughter almost got hit stupid idea and when you go to check in valet in front you have to walk all the way through the casino to check in there are only 3 food places and no Starbucks but a very bad coffee place that says they don't  have a blender so no mixed drinks the rooms are so small in you fart you can stink up the intire room. Casino is so very small no good machines table games everywhere , I don't think I will go back it is no MGM better.
3	Hotel has been open 2 weeks and I was excited to check it out.  My room was clean and I liked the modern decor.  The pool is visually pleasing however it was hard to find a place to sit.  All the lounge chairs were reserved with nobody sitting in them.  The poolside service was terrible, took forever for a server to come by...I had to ask 2 different people to ask the server to come over.  Then while in the pool the next day I asked a server to bring me some champagne and she asked where I was sitting and would alert my waitress...I explained that I didn't have a designated seat And she would not serve me, she directed me to the bar.  The griddle restaurant was wonderful.  Service was great and food was fabulous.  Overall not a bad experience.  I was a little disappointed poolside.
2	I don't know what else to say that hasn't been said before.  My friends and I felt this hotel was not ready to be opened. Rooms:- First thing I thought when I walked in.  SMALL.  SO, SO, SMALL.  There were 2 of us in one room and we felt cramped.  - LOVED the mirrors...mirrors everywhere (which was probably used to make the room seem bigger).  I like the full length lighted mirrors.  If this hotel goes down...I would buy those off of craigslist.  :)- I do love how white/clean everything looked.......but I got over that real quick.- In the middle of our stay, the electricity in our bathroom was out for about 20 mins.- The water went out at our friends room (mid-shower). When she called downstairs, it seemed like they didn't know how to resolve the issue. "We'll put you in a new room" to sending up someone to fix it, then saying "nevermind, its the whole tower"...kind of frustrating.- I called downstairs to ask for a thin blanket.  The guy said they don't have blankets and just have flat sheets and that he can send one up.  I thought that was weird and said OK.  Then they sent up a blanket (like the one I wanted).  I opened it up and LINT EVERYWHERE!!!!!!  Every time we touched the blanket, stuff would be in the air.  Put the blanket in the corner and didn't even use it. - I forgot to note that on Saturday morning, I was woken up by some noise from the street down below at 5am.  From 5a to about 11a, it was non-stop.  I wasn't sure what it was, but it sounded like a wave....SO ANNOYING (especially cuz I was hungover).  I also like to wake up to a DARK DARK room and there were no curtains!  FAIL.Casino:Cheap tables!  I like that!  Hahaha.  The casino smelled fruity..not sure what it was.  Not bad....Restaurants:Had a couple of my favorites from LA:  Griddle, Cleo, Umami, 800 Degrees (I didn't try these restaurants here, but if the quality is as good as the ones in LA, that would be a plus).  I also wanted to try the SLS Buffet, but didn't get around to it.  Heard it was pretty good.   Ku Noodle:  Food was tasty but pretty pricey for dimsum/chinese food.  Perq:  Nice quick place to get coffee and gelato on the go.  Pool:  Area looked nice but I didn't go swimming.Sayers Club:  Went briefly around 2am to just dance into the night.  The music was good.  Apparently, Vegas doesn't play hip hop anymore because "it causes trouble".  This place had a good mix and not just edm.Overall:  I most likely won't stay here again.  It's too far from the rest of the strip and it does not offer anything to compensate for that.  I would possibly come back for the restaurants, but most likely not.
1	So disappointing. You definitely feel like you are in a old hotel. Rooms are super tiny. Bathroom super tiny. Lots of mirrors in the room which I feel they use to make the room appear bigger. The pool sucks. The club is ok , nothing special. The casino layout is just old and doesn't even make you want to gamble there. Overall just very poorly done. Customer service isn't the greatest. The only positive is there options of food. Katsuya, Cleo and Umami are my favs. They make you wait over 30 minutes even though there are plenty of seats open. Makes sense now why the room rates are so cheap. Is rather pay more and stay at the Wynn or encore and never have to leave the resort. The location is at the very end of the strip too so you always having to cab it everywhere.
3	THE GOOD, THE BAD, AND THE UGLYMan, this hotel and casino has been getting killed in their reviews.The UglyI don't know what they were thinking when they designed the hallways of the World Tower.  It looks like something out of a mad house.  The walls have this black paint or anything giving it a Halloween horror nights  feel to it.  The rooms, however, have a different  decorto the hallways. They actually don't look bad.  Another ugly thing about the casino is that the entrance sidewalk is painted white. Bad mistake as it already looks dirty.  Third, the buffet hallway was something from a dark circus or something.  Walls are white with black stripes everywhere.  Fourth, the security staff has to wear these ugly uniforms that remind me of a Scottish kilt.  Why not have them wear black blazers?The BadThe restaurant food was decent for the most part, but damn was it expensive.  I ate at the ku noodle place and the food was not worth the price.  The umi burger place, although it was good, was expensive too.  My favorite places were the pizza place and griddles.    The food was good.  Besides the food, the valet guys were complete assess with other people's cars. I parked in the structure close to the valet and I would see these guys burning out with customers cars.  I'm glad I didn't valet.The GoodMy room was nice and very comfortable. I had a nice bed and a good tv inside. I like that the clubs were close to the gambling area so I saw nothing but hot ladies all night.  The cocktail waitresses are 9s and 10s too.  For the most part the staff was friendly and the concierge was hot too.  All the people and the restaurants were attentive to our needs.  I had a good time gambling there.Overall3.5 out of 5-Ugly decor-Expensive food-Reckless valet guys+hot ladies+friendly staff+nice room
4	I wanted to put down all the negative yelp reviews about this place because it was very clean, comfortable and accomodating! Yes the rooms are small but have you seen how small hotel rooms in NYC are?!?! This was spacious in comparison!!! Also the beds were very comfortable and warm! I have stayed at the Quad and the Stratosphere which were both old, disgustingly dirty and boring!!! The reviews for this place sounded like the same level as those places and the price for what you get is amazing and I definitely would recommend to stay here to my friends! It is far away from the strip but an easy monorail ride to the center of everything else! We were also here for an expo at the Convention Center which was conveniently a 5min monorail ride. I am definitely staying here again! The only negative review are the mirrors in the room.. they were a little too overwhelming on both sides of the bed and behind the TV so unless you LOVE looking at yourself I wouldn't reccommed the World Tower Suite.
4	Went to visit this hotel just to eat at umami burger lol. Signed up for the code card and won free money to play. Not bad for a regular Monday. I definitely love that they let you win at this casino. I was expecting to lose because it's a high class luxury hotel. I would come here again. Fun.
3	Most of these early reviews seem to be written by the type of Yelp writers that make me hate Yelp writers ("I specifically asked for water with NO ICE, and there was ICE. ZERO STARS."), but I'm going to have to pile on a bit as well.My biggest pet peeve by far was found in my room. The room itself was mostly fine. Nothing crazy impressive and kinda small compared to what you find as a standard at most places nowadays, but it did the job, even if I could very clearly see how the old Sahara construction was still evident in things like the air vents. (I also cannot imagine how they are going to keep the white couches and chair looking clean as the tourists roll in.) All that said, the real deal breaker for me was the a/c. When I'm in Vegas, I want my room to be dark, and I want to be able to make my room cold for my recovery cocoon, especially during the summer. The a/c was not even close to being up to that task. I had the thing set on auto/hi with a set temp of something ridiculous like 50 degrees just to see if it would work, and I could never get the temperature of the room to drop below 71 - and that was only after I had it running for 7 hours with no one in the room whatsoever. The lowest I could get it with me in there was closer to 73. Again, this temp is fine for daily going-about-your-business, but not when trying to sleep or when I want an arctic chill surrounding me. The fact that the system was clearly incapable of even coming close to hitting the actual target is honestly enough to keep me from staying there again.As far as the property overall, on the Vegas spectrum, I'd put the experience as something closer to a Planet Hollywood, which is fine, but not for the prices they're currently charging, especially for the far-flung location. I had a car with me for this trip, but I would never stay here if I knew I had to rely on cabs and/or the monorail alone. You're just too far from everything if you ever plan on leaving the property's grounds more than once a day/night.As others have mentioned, the casino itself had exposed "industrial" ceilings, which may work in some venues, but just left the whole place feeling a bit unfinished. In general, there wasn't really anything on the property that makes you say "wow." Again, I say this knowing full well that SLS never intended to be a 5 star direct competitor to the likes of Cosmo and Wynncore, but it still feels like it leaves something to be desired even as a 4 star. I personally don't mind the darker color scheme seen throughout the property, but some people apparently hate it, so there's that if you give a damn.That said, Griddle Cafe made me a tasty scramble at 5am, so at least they've got that going for them.Oh, and a pro tip: if you're valeting for the hotel, head to the back entrance on Paradise and Sahara. That valet will put you right next to the "front" desk. If you're more concerned with casino access, the main valet entrance on the strip will do the job.
1	opening felt rushed and unorganized - invited with a friend - corralled around and very good company - great for people watching.   However - many problems with rooms - bathroom still had contruction dust - front desk was stuffy on our check out and rushed and un-friendly - probably needed another week of training - ask staff location of a few spots and was told "I just started here - I'm not sure"  - not SLS standard I'm sure.   Maybe next time -
1	While visiting i encountered this! A Male employee inside Womens bathroom hollering for the women working in there. She comes out they stand in front of womens bathroom entrance talking in Spanish blocking entrance! So rude. I would not want to b in the bathroom and hear a mans voice or at that being blocked. Then the man worker stands in the mans bathroom with another man worker ogling the women walking by and making comments.
1	The buffet is overpriced and disgusting with little or no choices . They should be ashamed of that food.
4	I had a good stay. Loved the pool, Sayers club and Bazaar! Check in was a pain in the ass but with that aside it was good.
2	A week after I left my one star review I was contacted by the hotel's Project Manager (Bree) apologizing for my horrible experience. I discussed my experience and expressed my dis-satisfaction of how the hotel staff handled things during my stay. I was given an apology and was told they wanted to try and make up for what had happened. A week later I was reimbursed for half of what I spent on the hotel bill. Very pleased that they did that and for the quick response. Again, I probably would not stay at this hotel again in the future, but the fact that they responded to my review and compensated somewhat was very much appreciated and shows that they acknowledge the poor service and are trying to make things right. Hope for the best for SLS Las Vegas.
5	If you are into Buffets...You've got to try the SLS Buffet upstairs at their new Casino.As everybody knows Las Vegas has the best in the world. But this could be the Best I've ever found. And I've tried them all through the years. An abundance of Excellent food, prepared in some of the tastiest dishes imaginable..including choices of International cuisines. And the very attentive, friendly service matched the awesome quality of the food. You know how you need those plates cleared and drink refills, so you can move on to the next round!
5	I'm surprised by the 2.5 star rating for this hotel/casino, I had a very pleasant (albeit short) stay here. I was in town on business and decided to check in. The people at the front desk were very friendly. From there, up to my room, which was one of the coolest hotel rooms I've called home in a while. Giant light-up mirrors, a big TV with messaging options, colorful drinking glasses - an overall very hip design.  The soaps and toiletries in that bathroom seemed unusually nice too.  This hotel is very LA - and is intended to give people a taste of the city of angels. You'll find LA's iconic Griddle restaurant in here, along with Katsuya sushi. If you're from LA none of this will be very interesting to you, but if you aren't from LA, and want to experience a taste of it, this is the spot in Vegas.
3	I was excited that the SLS opened in Vegas.  First, it's a hotel I want to stay at in Beverly Hills and second the first time I came to Vegas as an adult I stayed at the Sahara.Upon arriving at the SLS I was thinking did I make the wrong decision?  There was only one taxi dropping people off.  I don't think I've ever seen that.  The hotel has a small casino, they didn't even have my favorite game of pai gow but I think it's supposed to be more of a boutique hotel.  The rooms are on the smaller side, smaller than pretty much any hotel room I've been in in Vegas.  Upon walking into the bathroom, I noticed the glasses were completely dirty as in they were used, there were dirt stains on there.  That made me very skeptical.  The rest of the room was fine but on the second night, they left me lotion in place of shampoo.  Before I went to the room, my key card stopped working and it took me 20 minutes to get a new key card.  These issues are what why I'm giving it three stars.I think the rooms here will get dated quickly and the reason why is they use tiles for the bathroom.  If tiles aren't washed, dirt will build up (i.e. Planet Hollywood) and it'll be black and just gross.Anyway for $80 it was fine but I don't think I'll be looking forward to staying here again.
5	So weird to see bad reviews?! Stayed at the casino for a few nights over Labor Day weekend, and I was amazed with what they did to the place. Very LA like with all the high tech stuff and the graffiti on the wall gave it a hip cool vibe. I enjoyed the friendly staff and loved the pizza at 800 degrees! I would defiantly come here again! Thanks SLS for the wonderful experience!
4	COME ON IN... THE WATER IS FINE !Wow... I don't understand all the bad reviews.   Maybe there were problems during August ... but in September this place is GOOD.   We went Sept. 6-8.We had no issues with anything.... all CLEAN... all NICE... all WELL DONE.It's not the greatest hotel in Vegas... but its FINE.We got the lowest rate room and it was not overwhelming.  It was more than okay...I did not expect the Taj Mahal at the low rates we paid.The staff was super nice...  I kept joking with them that this is a new job and they will turn bitter... they were all sweet people who seemed to care.The food at Unnami... the Buffet... and the Grille Cafe were great !The Cafe has one problem....they actually have portions that are TOO LARGE... so make sure you buy one meal for 2 people !The Pool was super cool... the gaming was fine... my wife won $ 2500 at a slot machine... and that never happened to us before.COME ON IN... THE WATER IS FINE !
3	Went to go checkout new hotel and here are a list of pros and come from my prospective:Pros:-nice front desk staff-a lot of young hip "cosmopolitan-ish" crowd, meaning eye candy-cool pool with decent "open seating" on the lounge chairs-refurbished rooms from the old Sahara hotel, very modern-retro-chic with a lot of white colors-decent amount of restaurants for size of hotel/casino, all I believe have outpost in SoCal-new(redone) hotel that isn't saturated with years of smoke-center bar has huge led screen almost like a mini Fremont street experience over the center barCon's:-drink prices are crazy high! Pool charges $9 for a beer and inside at bars charge $8. Signature drinks at pool start at $18 and inside the hotel they start at $14! Where am I in Spearmint rhino?-some staff can be missing out on guest satisfaction/experience-rooms are small compared to say the Wynn, Cesar's, Cosmopolitan etc...-rooms have thin walls-room interactive TV/guest information needs more information about hotel and facilities-small spa facilities, no jacuzzi/hot tub, only a steam room and you can only use that if your getting a spa treatment (not included in resort fee)-rooftop pool only open on the weekends-don't walk around away from property late nightI'm sure the hotel will work some of it's kinks out and hopefully the empty lot across Las Vegas Blvd gets a property built there soon because there is a need for more hotels businesses in the immediate area.
4	We live in LA and the SLS here in Beverly Hills has been our favorite for a long time now. When we heard they were finally opened in vegas, naturally, we had to drive up for a short trip to check it out. Let's just say, I went from VERY excited (with what I thought I could expect from the SLS brand), to VERY apprehensive (I read the bad yelp reviews 5 mins before we arrived at the hotel, as we were driving along the strip) to, actually really liking it (after I adjusted my expectations accordingly.) Now, if you're coming here expecting the same SLS in Beverly Hills, you will be immensely disappointed. It is no where near as classy and luxurious. At all. The SLS in Las Vegas kinda reminds me of the ACE hotel in Palm Springs. A younger, hipster-cooler version of the SLS Beverly Hills, shall we say? It feels very laid-back, and LA. But lets start what a few things I DIDN'T like: -The service. The service wasn't bad, or rude per say. They just don't have their act together and are incredibly disorganized. When we called to book two rooms, we specified that we would need connecting rooms. We get there and it's not set up. We wait, guy comes back and says he found us connecting rooms for an extra $15 per night per room. We take it. We go up to the room and it's NOT connecting. So I go all the way back down and wait in line for 15mins just to talk to him again (They only have 3 check in /check out counters thus, the wait). When I finally get to talk to him again (His name was Dominique, btw) I explain that he made a mistake and our rooms are in fact NOT connecting, he tells me "I don't know which rooms are connecting or not cos the floor plan the hotel gives us doesn't tell us if it's connecting". Uhhhh, okay. That's not my problem, is it?! You should have your act together by now & even if you don't, telling me that doesn't solve ANYTHING for me. He then says, "I need your patience and corporation because it's not my fault". Look, even if that might be true, YOURE NOT SUPPOSED TO SAY THAT. He then makes things worse by saying "I have to physically run up to each room to check if it's connecting so it could take a long long time, I can't promise how long". That in itself was okay but it was HOW it said it. It just sounded so condescending. I guess what I'm trying to say is 1. It's the hotels fault and they really need to get their shit sorted out and 2. He could've handled it better. They really need to train their customer service staff. Good thing the bad service ended there, thus, only a 1 star deduction (it would've been a 2 star deduction but I think the good points made up for this a little)-The rooms (particularly the ones in the World Tower) are just not nice. To put it nicely, the rooms felt cheap and not high tech at all. You can be cool and hipster and rough around the edges if you are high tech and modern and up to date with the trends at least. But these were not. It felt like they really skimmed out making it feel like a luxurious hotel. The wallpaper felt cheap, there were manual blinds (not even automatic ones or blackout curtains). It wasn't horrible but I def wouldn't say it was nice. Just basic. Nothing special. Now onto things I DID like - -The food. Ohmygod, I could literally eat all my meals in this hotel and never leave. Which is actually what we really did. Lets face it, food in Vegas is disgusting. Food on the Strip especially. The ONLY good food I've ever had on the Strip was Joel Robuchon, but obviously, you're not always in the mood to spend $500-600 per person for a meal right? When that's the case, I suggest you come to the SLS. They have The Griddle Cafe (famous brunch place in LA), 800 degrees (built your own pizza, also from LA), Umami, Bazaar, Cleo (tapas) and Ku Noodles (chinese food) and Perq (the cooler hipster starbucks). Oh and the buffet. -Pool. Okay this is perhaps my FAV part apart from the food here. I LOVED that it DIDNT feel like a day club / big pool party like the rest of the pools in vegas. It was sexy and chic but also very very chill. I loved that! It was gorgeous, the foods and cocktails were mind blowingly amazing (get the appetizer sampler and the watermelon cocktail) and service was excellent! I could've spent all day there. -The casino. The casino is very very small, but that's what I liked abt it. It feels more like a hotel with a casino rather than a casino with a hotel if you know what I mean. I loved that! It was very hip and cool yet I found it attracted an older 30s crowd as opposed to young frat kids. That was a big plus. (Shit do I sound old?!)-They made an effort to hire hotter younger waitresses at the casino floor and at the pool. What? It makes a difference. -Nice, clean, well equipped gym that you don't have to pay for!Overall, this hotel def is very niche. It's not your usual high strung vegas experience. After all, it's pretty much off the strip. But if you want something DIFFERENT in a good way, this is the place to be
2	I am a local and was really looking forward to this casino opening up, since I used to frequent it when it was the Sahara. A lot of freinds and I work in the area and thought we'd go after work. The beer garden has expensive beers, so we thought we'd just gamble. This place has no poker room. No one did research that Sahara used to have some of the best 7pm tournaments around. I'm sure the old regulars would have came back to this place just to avoid the strip. So we left and played poker somewhere else. The next day we thought we'd check this place out for lunch. Mind you, we have only an hour or so, but this place has no type of food court. Not everyone has time to sit down for fine dining. Wanted to check out the buffet, the escalator was broken. Huge giant mirror leaning against a wall near the entrance. I dont know if thats the style or just waiting to be moved. I couldn't find the sportsbook. I saw the signs, if its too deep in the casino its too inconvenient. The line for the players card was too long, didn't bother getting one. Not too impressed.
1	Terrible and so sad. Had really high hopes as I love SLS. Casino is a mess, and filled with smoke (note all new casinos have figured this problem out). Restaurants look like cafe's. Just opened and yet looks dirty. Valet is confusing.
5	I am shocked at the other reviews people have left, but everyone has an opinion and normally when we get bad service we write a review.My wife and i were able to visit the SLS hotel and it was a great surprise of how different things are compared to the other bigger hotels on the boulevard. we come to Vegas a lot and i know that our hotel of choice will be the SLS. All the staff would say hi and smile, and when my wife asked about the casino, the poker dealers were a lot of help.
5	Wow. Look at the reviews for this place; Its a convention for the miserable and cheap on this thread. Lets get to the meat n' taters on these hillbillies, this place is upscale. If you are broke don't come here. Don't come to a luxury resort and bitch about $9 beers at the pool. A Corona 6 pack is 7.99 and sitting on your tailgate is free, if that's more your speed then enjoy your motherfuckin self. Come here to be in awe. Look at the crazy architecture, place is a masterpiece. I will happily be blowing my weekend budget of 200 bucks at this place for some time to come and I would suggest you do the same :D
4	I wasn't quite sure what to expect after reading all the bad reviews of this hotel but I was more than satisfied with my stay here. So many reviews I read complained about many things, including:- The carpet: I am happy to report I saw no hay or animal fur on the carpet :p- Parking garage: The elevators were fully functioning (though stuffy) and in and out access to/from Las Vegas Blvd. was a breeze. I also did not have to walk through the casino to the registration area from the parking garage. - Service: Lines were slow-moving at the registration desk, but then again, it was 11am on a Sunday, so many people were checking out. Once we got to the front, the front desk agent who checked us in was friendly - though it would have been nice if he had told us about some hotel features such as room service. It wasn't until after our stay that I saw on their Twitter that you could order food from some of their restaurants through room service. Btw there is no room service menu in the room; rather, you access the menu through the TV in your room. (At least that is what I gathered from the Tweet.)Lots of security guys around, and they all seemed nice enough, some with smiles and greetings. One approached us as we were taking a selfie but failing to squeeze us all in the picture lol. I had remembered a reviewer saying that they were told pictures were not allowed inside the casino. Well, this security person who approached us offered to take the picture for us! Service was good in the shops and restaurants inside the hotel as well. - Hotel worker uniforms: Some people are really nit picky! The plaid jackets and monkey vests did not bother me.- The casino: The industrial style ceilings with the exposed piping did not bother me either. And yes, the casino is small, but it did not feel cramped to me.- The rooms: Upon walking into the room (World Tower with one King bed) my first thought was that it felt like a motel room :p Rooms at SLS are definitely smaller than most other hotel rooms I've stayed at in Vegas. But the room eventually grew on me. The bed was comfortable and the room was just fine size-wise for two people. Btw in pictures it looks like there are no windows in the World Tower rooms but there are. The window is behind the bed - it just looks like there isn't one when the shades are drawn As for the noise from the a/c, it did not seem too loud for me. But it could get really cold when on and really warm when off. Somewhere in the middle would have been nice.* One thing about the rooms is that they could work on the cleanliness factor. There were some stains on the walls and small hairs on our towels and bathroom counter when we walked in. * Don't know if this can be fixed but it takes five seconds to change channels when channel surfing, and one time our TV just froze. Turned it off for 10 minutes and when turned back on it was working fine again.- Restaurants: I don't think I read too many bad reviews about their restaurants - I really liked every restaurant I tried there during my stay. It rained every day of my stay but it worked out perfectly because there was no need to go anywhere with all the great food options at the hotel! Btw I smelled the most amazing chocolate chip cookie smell while passing by their coffee shop but did not see any on display. I should have inquired about that because after the fact I read a tip or review on how their chocolate chip cookie was really good, and by the time I went back down they had chocolate chip cookies but that freshly baked smell was gone :( Also, they don't have hot chocolate on the menu at the coffee shop but if you ask they can make you some.I think my favorite Vegas hotels are still Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental but SLS is not bad at all. They've got some great deals, cozy rooms, and amazing restaurants so a stay here is definitely a-ok and then some :)
5	Was here about 11 pm on Sat/13 Sep with my Cali buddy:- We both liked it.  Not busy for a Sat night so plenty of spots at the gaming tables (which I think had $10 min with blackjack paying 3-to-2).  Easy to navigate unlike the older mega-resorts.- It's a 2.1 mile walk from The Cromwell, and Wal-Greens or Taco El Gordo are good pit stops along the way.- I prefer boutique joints so currently my top 3 favorites: The Cromwell (Giada), The Cosmo (Milos) and SLS (Bazaar).
2	Even after reading all the reviews, I gave SLS a benefit of a doubt and stayed there over the weekend. I wished I could give them a better rating as a newly opened hotel, but they're really far from a 4 stars hotel. I've stayed at a handful of hotels in Vegas and I'm sure SLS is no where near the other 4 stars rated hotels.First, their parking structure elevator did not work the whole weekend while we were there. How could they not fix the issue at all? How do those with wheel chair get to the hotel from parking structure? We had a stroller so we would walked down all the levels in the parking garage and cross the road where people are entering to the structure. It was not the safest route to take but we had no choice. We definitely did not want to carry the stroller down flights of stairs in this heat!Second, registration was so disorganized. There's no lines so people were randomly standing and the person behind the counter would call the next person who nearly just walked up while the rest of us have been waiting in line for 15 minutes. Third, our room had hair here and there around the bathroom and bed...did they even clean the room or change the sheets? gross! Even the drinking glass had things on it from the previous guests since they forgot to replace the glass with clean ones.Lastly, ...and this was a huge one for me. I'm traveling with my baby and needed my ice packs in the freezer so I have it ready on the day I go home. I called front desk, bell desk and concierge and every person either, don't know how to help me, told me they can't do it or told me they'd call me back with an answer...which none of them called me back. This is the first hotel I've stayed at that does not offer this service. Those that knows me, knows I travel to Vegas and stay at hotels often and I travel for work around the country so I've stayed at countless numbers of hotels and this is the first hotel that told me they can't freeze ice packs for me. Serious?? I wasn't going to have my baby's milk get spoiled so of course had to improvise and hassle other friends for their help.Would I stay at SLS again? Probably not if I have a choice.
5	Wow! I love the LA sls already but this Vegas location is everything! Downfall is it's down the end of the strip but who cares get a taxi!!!Rooms are super affordable! $80!!! And ridiculously nice..staff is friendly, everything was great!Love it
1	Location is horrid. It is so far "north end" strip that it's a rock throw from the stratosphere and a $10 taxi fare to the main strip (Bellagio). It is unfortunate that this hotel is classified as a four star.  The rooms are very small, with an attempt to place Mirrors on walls to make it look bigger. The room is similar size to what you would find in a New York City hotel room. This is Vegas, after all- not NYC real estate prices.  The closet has no door(s) and the room has no dresser to place your clothes in. They generously had a cabinet with shelves to expose your clothes. If you plan on going to the pool, plan on dropping some extra cash to get a chair. Don't plan on privacy in the shower or restroom when you have guest in your room as they only have a sliding door that separates the bathroom from the bedroom. The ceiling in the casino was unfinished- painted black.  The renovation is a real shame and embarrassment to SBE. Expect to pay $25.00 per night for resort fees which allows you "free internet". This place is a Joke.
2	SLS stands for Shady Lousy Service! I will never stay there again. If ordering room service beware of room service charges on top of added gratuity of 18%. We didn't know, so also tipped an additional $10 on a $35 bill.  Keep in mind that it doesn't state these charges on your receipt.  I only realized because I was looking at the itemized bill for my whole stay. Overall I was very disappointed!
2	I appologize in advance for my long winded review. I tend to go into great detail when leaving 1 & 2 Star ratings out of fairness. Obviosuly there are mixed reviews on the SLS the following is my experience for my recent stay at SLS Casino 9/12/14-9/15/14I was tempted to only give 1-Star but there were a couple positives which boosted my rating up to a 2-Star. Let me also say I really wanted to like this place. My friends and I all get comped rooms at a dozen casinos in Vegas but opted to pay for our rooms to check out this new Vegas destination. I have stayed at SLS Miami Beach and it was great...SLS Las Vegas not so much.Let me start out by saying I am a Vegas regular, I visit Vegas 6-8 times a year and have been doing so for the past 10 years or so and have stayed at nearly every major, newer hotel/casino property on and off the strip. Let me also start out by saying SLS is nowhere on par with the ultra high-end Hotel/Casinos in Vegas such as Cosmopolitan or Wynn. Parts of the property looked very nice but other parts look like they just threw a coat of paint of the old Sahara stuff and called it new. Throw in the fact that the SLS far North Strip location is a long nearly $18-$20 cab ride to anywhere on the strip and it makes it even worse and the cab lines were slow because no cabs were coming to the SLS. Be prepared to wait in the cab lines and plan accordingly if you have reservations or headed to a show somehwere on the strip. My room looked nothing like the photo of the room shown on their website. Our room was small...tiny actually We were told the room would have 2 queen beds and it only had 2 small double beds. The mattress was uncomfortable and climate control in the room was terrible. We reserved 2 rooms on our reservastion and both rooms were tiny. Blinds/shades on the windows are terrible, they let in lots of light, it's Vegas, I want to party until 6:00am then sleep until noon in a dark room but that is not possible at the SLS. Room was clean but then again the SLS has only been open about 3 weeks so it should be clean. Housekeeping was good and prompt.VIP services were terrible. We had a difficult time trying to reach someone to reserve a cabana at the pool but we finally got it taken care of after 4 phone calls...ughhh. Also had difficulty gettig ahold of someone in the cage or a casino host before my trip to get wire transfer info. I ended up just wiring my funds to another casnio where I already had an account...sorry, your loss SLSOn Saturday we got a cabana at the Foxtail pool which is the larger pool with more of a chill laid back vibe, very nice pool, one of the few high points of the property. Our cabana cost us $750 in food and beverage minimum purchase, however we ended up spending about $2000(our own doing). Sunday we did the Beach Life pool on the roof top above LIFE nightclub. Sunday is a slow day and we got a $550 min cabana. We had to walk up about 4 flights of stairs because the elevators were not working....really???  The rooftop pool is small and cramped, I would suggest the Foxtail pool over the Beach Life Pool.The day we were at the Foxtail pool a VIP host approached us and asked if we wanted to go to LIFE Nightclub Saturday night. We were promised a $3000 table on the dance floor. When we arrived Saturday Night they tried upselling us telling us that the floor table would now cost us $5000-$6000. When I asked what table we would get for the $3000 they showed us a diagram of the club on his cell phone of a tiny table pushed of a couple tiers up from dance floor...Absolutley unacceptable so we headed to Marquee where we know exactly what we get for our money. Another high point of the SLS was my dining experience at Jose Andreas Bazaar Meats, I will be leaving a seperate review. There are also a couple of nice shops inside SLS, specifically Fred Segal shops. I will probably not return simply becuase there are MUCH better place in Vegas, the room rates are not on par with the quality and level of service offered by some other casinos in town. I feel we were mislead on the type of room  we reserved and their VIP nightlife services were terrible. The place left such a bad taste in my mouth I spent more time at and did more gambling at other properties( HRH and Cosmo) over the weekend than I did at the SLS. The only way I would even consider giving this place a second chance is if they comped my rooms for an entire weekend and since I did most of my play elsewhere(where I get comped rooms) that is unlikely.Summary: Stay away unless you get a killer deal(like $100 per night weekend rate Max), advertised website rates are too high for level of service and quality. I think we paid $360 a night for a standard crappy room. For similar money you can get a great room at Cosmo I was expecting much more out of this place.
5	I LOVED the new SLS Las Vegas!! I read a few reviews on here and people need to realize that it's a BRAND NEW property and kinks are still being worked out. Upon check-in, we had a mix up with our room reservation but the staff was more than accommodating, apologetic and offered us a free amenity for our trouble. The hotel is designed by Philippe Starck, a incredible artist I LURVE, who sensually melds the worlds of classic Vegas with new Vegas. The grounds have a sexy, intimate vibe like no other hotel on the strip. If you're looking for a mega resort, this is not the place for you. Their rooms are cozy, impeccably designed, all white and have a totally hot vibe. Their signature mirror on the ceiling will likely be the most seflied mirrors on the strip. Clothing optional...The casino was filled with tons of sexy eye candy, which is a rarity in Vegas that typically houses a more Walmart friendly kind of clientele. While I get lost in so many Vegas casinos, this one is totally manageable and beautifully designed. My sassy casino host, Ricci, registered me with their players club, The Code, to make sure I was getting points for all my gambling. Free hotel stays! #YESplease  I played their Sex in the City & Wizard of Oz slots, with a little video poker on the side and actually WON $400 in the end! Thanks Mr. Big ;)The restaurants they brought into the hotel are some of my all time favorite from Los Angeles like: Katsuya, Cleo, 800 Degrees (pizza) and The Griddle. I pigged out at all of them and they were everything I wanted them to be. Try the Fairbanks roll at Katusuya (named after their babealicious GM Ashlee who sent over a round of drinks), the octopus (promise it's amazing) at Cleo, the Mushroom pizza and beet salad at 800 Degress and the Banana Pancakes at The Griddle. Saturday night we raged at Foxtail all night alongside one of the most INSANE light shows that projects alongside their whole hotel overlooking the pool! #EPICTry the SLS Las Vegas, speak up if you need anything, and you won't be disappointed!
3	I actually booked SLS "last minute" this past Sunday for just 1 night. We booked through expedia and the total came out to be around $85.00. Super cheap so I was already a fan. We came through the back way since most of the cabs enter through las vegas blvd INSTEAD of the real entrance on paradise rd (i think thats what the street is called). So we had to walk ALL the way to the other side of the hotel and we looked a little lost and thats why I'm giving 3 stars because there were NO SIGNS, no one in the front to ask us if we were checking in and the hotel was obviously unfinished. Although I can't wait to come back for the finished product. OVERALL:pros- Very Hollywood posh and has a modern vibe.Front Desk Staff was very efficient and welcoming. A lot of mirror space in the rooms (FOR US GIRL MIRROR HOGS)USB and plug outlets are everywhere in each corner and in between beds.FOOD IN THIS HOTEL IS BOMB!cons-the hallways look like a scene from the movie "the ring" the bathroom sliding door doesn't close completely and leave a crack open for everyone to hear you do your business!the room is a little small compared to vegas hotelsthe elevators look a little childishtaxi lines are long because none of the taxi's know the real entrance side.
3	Reasonable price but staffs here have no idea what they are doing.  Start out with valet parking - we were standing there for more than 10 min.  No one serve us.  (We saw there are 4 valet guys and there's only 1 car in front of us)Check in- we paid in full using hotel.com.  They said we only paid 1 night.  The second night haven't charge yet.  Then I checked with hotel.com.  They said is charge in full.  Funniest thing is they said there are no charges because the room is already paid on full.  Their check in staff definitely have no idea what they are doing.  They already opened for 3 weeks.  That's no excuse for "newly open"!  Room is quite petite.  But excellent use of spaces and trendy decoration.
1	I stayed at the SLS Labor Day Weekend and was far from impressed. I could easily write a five paragraph essay about my stay but will spare you. In a nutshell, this place doesn't have their act together quite yet. We were changed out of our room twice (TV still didn't work, no outlets in the bathroom, horrible view). Food by the pool was mediocre, at best. Our dinner reservation for the Bazaar was cancelled just hours before because someone had "bought it out for the night" which we later found out was the owner... Who buys their own restaurant out opening week? What was most frustrating for me was that the staff was pretty much clueless. Even the bartender had to ask someone for help because she didn't know how to make my drink... Not a good look!The only thing I liked about the SLS Vegas was that it didn't feel like I was actually IN Vegas. The casino is small and it's more of an upscale and relaxed vibe. I think in about six months, this place will be running more smoothly.  Romeo was very helpful at check-in!
1	SLS Las Vegas HotelVACATION FROM HELLThe meaning is supposed to be Style, Luxury, Service and it was far from it.  I think the best way to sum this up is to tell you day by day on my 4 night stay at SLS HELL! I booked this hotel as it was a new hotel and a killer deal, and now I know why.Day 1:I came in after my flight from Seattle in the morning and was dropped off at the hotel in the early afternoon.  Upon check in there was a crowd in the lobby and everyone was trying to check in with no organization at all. I went to try and check in a few times but people were jumping in front of one another.  I finally got to a front desk clerk named (Christopher). I spoke to him and he greeted me and asked me which room I would like and I asked him if he could show me the room as there weren't pics on their website. Chirs then said, "Let me go and find out and it shouldn't be a problem." He left then came back and we started talking about the rooms. In the middle of our conversation we were interrupted but by a woman named, China. I later found it she was a Frontend manager. She asked Chris if these were the keys that he made for the room for me to view and he responded with yes. She took them and handed them over the counter and to another guy who just walked right up. I looked at her and said, "Excuse me, but I was here first." Her response to me was that's the president's brother of the company. I replied with, "I don't care who he is as I am a paying guest." I was ignored and he left with my keys and she left the counter. Chris apologized over and over again and agreed that it was up called for that maybe that the behavior was uncalled for?  Chris showed me the rooms and I picked which the one I wanted. We went down stairs downstairs and he gave me my key and I went to my room to freshen up and hit the pool after my flight from Seattle.I got to my room and started to change out of my jeans and I had my shoes off and just socks on and went to the restroom. I was standing there about to use the restroom and next thing I felt is wetness on my socks. I was so grossed out as I looked down and there is urine all around the toilet seat.  I call guest services and they tell me they will have room service come up and clean it. I was like no way! I want a new room. They responded by saying to me, I will transfer you to the front desk. Just seems like desk services couldn't do anything.  I get the front desk on the line and tell then them what happen happened and was told they didn't have another room and that's when I asked for a manager. The woman on the phone told me to hold and I packed my stuff up and she came back on the phone and then said, "We are bringing up a key for another room".  Thirty minutes later they show showed up and I went to the next room and got situated.Day 2:I left for a bit ad then came back an hour half later. No room service. I call again, wait around 30 mins, no room service, and call again. I go down to the pool and come back after hour and again no room service. I called the Frontend Manager ask to speak with whoever is in charge and they tell me it is someone named Nick. I never hear from him and then finally call again and ask for his boss and then finally get James. He removed the extra service charge that all Vegas hotels give of $25 a day. So the next thing happened later that night after being out all night long the night before. I was exhausted and came in early to sleep for the night but wanted to watch some TV in bed while I passed out. The TV doesn't work. I call for service on it and I am told they are on their way. I have to dress back into my clothes and stay up for them. I wait for 40 mins and then they show up at my door. Security is with the contractor guy as I am told that almost all the rooms they're having this problem and that is why the contractor is at the hotel. If you are having these problems, you'd think you would fix it before people came into their room.Day 3:I get up like any other day and head toward the strip for lunch with friends as I am down here with 30 plus people for a birthday party.  I come back from lunch and see my room was cleaned and I sit down to change shoes on the bed and I notice there is blood on the pillow. I am grossed out as I am not bleeding nor have blood on me anywhere. I call guest services and they tell me they will have housekeeping come and clean it. 15 mins later the housekeeping supervisor comes and sees the pillow and asks me what I would like them to do and I say clean the room. She removes the pillow herself and tells me she needs to take this to the front desk. They clean my room again. Sheets and all.Day 4:I go to the restroom after a nap and slip on a metal piece of the sprinkler system from inside the bathroom. The sprinkler system in the bathroom fell apart. I end up spraining my ankle and still have plans for the night to go dancing and another day in V
4	This shit is luxurious. Room had me feeling chic like a mug and I don't even use that word Gambling floor wasn't that big though
2	Staff needs proper training.  Had multiple charges to my card and was not told beforehand. Made multiple comments to hotel concierge about addl charges. No comps for hotel guests to the club... requested late chk out but was bothered by housekeeping 40 minutes before chkout and was asked exactly when we would be out of the room. Will not be returning to the SLS.
1	Don't waste your time staying here. My stay was a complete disaster. I am a Las Vegas local born and raised. I went home the first night and didn't even stay in my room. This place is not ready to be on Las Vegas Blvd. Service was terrible. All anyone had for me was excuses. Took 1 hour to get my truck out of Valet. Had to go find it for the Valet because they LOST my truck. That was in the afternoon. Then went to dinner at Bazzar. The first 3 things me and my date ordered they were out of. Then they ran out of Stella Beer at the main bar. Finally decide to go to my room and there was no room service at all. Only Hotel/Casino on LV Blvd that doesn't have 24 hour room service. Then I asked to be connected with the 24hrs diner. Was told the extensions didn't work. Couldn't even order a to go order. Needless to say I wasted my money on a two night stay and vacated the room in the first night. Bottom line SLS is not deserving of its Address. Worst hotel/casino on Las Vegas Blvd.
2	Dear Albert,I appreciate your offer but, here's the thing... I'm reading other reviews and they all seem to think the same. First impressions are the only thing that matters. I didn't even get into the total and complete disorganization of player card services. Although, I did stop one of the wandering hosts and he told me some things about the way sls is being ran, he led me into a tornado. First he led me to player card services ( I think ) to where the guy sitting at the desk asked for my ID. He walked off with it and not until I realized I was sitting for a long time and got up to find him, he was standing in the room behind me talking with another employee. Obviously not the kind of 'great service I want to give another try.' Even worse is that when he noticed me looking for him, he directed me to the high limit card services. They were even more clueless then he was. The pretty girl working the high limit has to call a supervisor to... Make a card??? And even THE MANAGER didn't know and took her several tries to produce one. Believe me, I know all about opening new establishments. I opened the Hilton in San Diego as a chef. Same kind of thing. Working there I was really let down because I thought a big name like Hilton (sunstone/Blackstone) would be organized. Fortunately for that particular location, they have the convention center right next door that pretty much guarantees certain capacity. Having such a bad location and poor choice in building, I can't imagine much change. Unless, they completely change the entrance and layout??? Hate to break it to you but whomever redesigned the construction should be fired. Just a nightmare and unless machines actually pay or 'Hired' guests ( to appear like it's a hot place) are actually more friendly... ( I saw two petty girls sitting by the Roger Moore photo and said hello when I was quickly cut off by some big guys telling me they were their property. Probably body guards, I'm guessing, but, not the kind of feeling I want trying to enjoy myself )Not sure what you could offer that would change my mind.I brought up the Hilton because to me it seems like the same thing. The owners are relying on the place itself instead of hiring quality employees that are worth their pay. The Hilton has the convention center... What does sls have?
3	SLS. Style. Luxury.  Service. Well they only got 1 out if three. The experience wasn't all bad. Valet moved. Check IN area is a terrible mess the way its set up. The pool area and rooms are decent nice and clean but in no way are they worth more than 270 per night. Never pay more than that for these rooms.We spent alot if money in the casino and nothing was coming back. No class in the service.  It felt more Hollywood.  Pushy. I won't be back. I prefer the Wynn/Bellagio/Mandalay
3	Yes I am from Orange County and no I don't want to see that LA - OC wanna be hipster bourgeois scene in vacation life .  Sad reality is that everyone from Carson to Santa Ana is here in fake Chanel bags and Capital one paid Raybans .  They are here to party on mom and dads dime. The scene is set to a more modern look if you took the ABBEY and through some Lisa Vanderplump in it you got yourself what LA thinks is up and popping livin La Vida Loca.  To normal people you get a renovated studio apartment with a bathroom sink in your room and a couch at the foot of your bed.  Staff wanders around in plaid blazers trying to pull off a Fred Siegel fashion trend prior to the OJ Simpson trial.  If you want to get away from kids who borrow daddy's Eclass and work at Whole-foods go down the strip.  If not find your plastic barbie here.
3	I've found $87 w/out taxes on a Sunday in Sept. I was worried after reading the bad reviews and my stay was fine with only 2 minor complaints.  1) reservation desk person didn't tell me why I am charge of $150  2) the same person didn't tell me about my room key to use to get on the elevator to my room.  Self parking is on paradise road. One of the parking elevator doesn't work while elevator is working fine. Just cross over the valet road and reservation is on the left. There is a line for each reservation agent.  We stayed at World Tower which is closest to reservation desk. Nice and small room with full size beds(doesn't look like queens) w/ huge TV and cool mirrors. The bed is comfortable and firm. By the way, the line for players card is long line. The pool is small and clean w/ lots of umbrellas and artificial grass surrounding the beach lounge chairs.  Didn't get a chance to eat at griddle cafe or pizza place or buffet. Overall I enjoyed my stayed.
5	I'm visiting for the second time since the opening and wanna point out:1- I LOVE the fact that you can order to your room from the restaurants here.  It's not the full menu but it's a pretty good selection and the prices are the same as the restaurant. 2- the cleaning crew are very nice and friendly.  I stayed in tower 3, floor 26, and the lady named Maria has always been so sweet and courteous.  People usually talk about their bad experiences, but I believe if someone putting in more effort than normal in their job, should be appreciate.
5	I can not say enough about the staff at SLS. Ceaser at the check in desk treated us like family and soon as I informed him my wife had health issues he went above and beyond to make sure she would be comfortable and the room was located near the elevator so she wouldn't have any trouble getting to the room. The assistant hotel manager Leo DeMarsh is exactly what you expect a manager to be. He was informative, friendly, and conducted himself showing nothing but the up most respect to each and every guest I watched him interact with. Good job SLS Las Vegas! I will recommend your hotel to everyone I know...
5	Loved this hotel and it's casino! Any new company will have it's kinks to work out obviously, but any issues we had got resolved fast and professionally! The staff was always amazing where ever we went, the food smelled good(didn't actually eat here) and their club is amazing! The rooms are big and very nice as well. I love that there was a window to see the shower from the room;P The only downside is the location. It's about a $20 cab fare to actually get to the center strip. So if you have plans to be there the whole time, it kills your bank account. All in all this place is definitely worth visiting if you're looking for a well priced, well maintained hotel.
2	Rooms are small and have that remodeled feel, too far from everything. I expected more from this hotel having stayed at the SLS in Beverly Hills.
4	Great looking hotel.  I stayed here for 2 nights.  They're new and still trying to get everything together.  Daniel checked us in and he was great.  He forgot to tell us about the package that we offered and what perks came with it.  Craig was security at the pool and totally fun and helpful.  Valet was super attentive.  The Griddle Cafe was BOMB.  The Bazaar restaurant was aces!  1 star off because the rooms are TINY and the breakfast buffet was AWFUL.  Location was very far off from the main drag.  They should offer a free shuttle to center strip for guests.  Just a thought.
3	I have visited the SLS hotels in LA and Miami.  Don't be fooled, this is not the same kind of hotel as those.  This is not a cool exclusive hotspot.Arrival area(s) are kind of messed up.  They have two, one in the front for the casino and one in the back for the hotel.  As a first timer I pulled into the wrong one.  Had a long walk to check-in.Check-in area is very small and had lines every time I walked past it.My room in the Lux Tower was very cool, but a little overpriced.Lots of very nice amenities in the bath. Tons of stuff.Bed was comfortable, and the window from the bedroom into the shower was kind of sexy.  As was the mirror on the ceiling above the bed.Couldn't find light switches on the lamps when entering room after dark.Long lines at the reasonably priced restaurants.Buffet is way in the back of the hotel and expensive.  Didn't try it.No showrooms here. But the hotel has direct access to a Monorail station for a fast trip to shows along the strip.Several clubs that looked pretty cool.  Only one of the three was open the night I visited.  In Miami/South Beach SLS throws a mean pool party, suspect they do the same here.They closed the pool early due to a private party.  Tells you a lot about what is important to the management.For a large resort they have a small, very small, gym. Staff seemed very nice and friendly.They have several "Fred Segal" stores with various merchandise.  This old brand is quickly fading in the Los Angeles area.  What is it doing at a new hip SLS hotel?Lost money in the Casino, no surprise, but lost it quicker than most places along the strip.I saved some money on my room by joining their frequent player club, The Code.
1	I mean.. whats there to say that hasnt been said already... This review is based solely on the SLS casino, not the restaurants or shops. We pulled up to Valet and we were told it was for hotel guests only. but they let us valet anyways. which was nice. As soon as you walk in you are hit with the dingiest smells of all smells. stale smoke. I am not a fan of the cigarette but it is what it is. We were completely underwhelmed by it all. The "cool factor" felt forced. Almost like a 50 year old woman wearing purple eye shadow and dressed head to toe in some gaudy animal print. Bad vibes all around. I seriously couldn't leave my boyfriend for 5 minutes to use the restroom without 3 hookers approaching him. I mean seriously, the infestation of hookers alone will keep us away from this place.We were insanely underwhelmed. And its really too bad with places like Bazzar Meats, Fred Seigle, and Life nightclub, I wish they would have gone to different venues. We will be back for those places alone. But as for the SLS... good luck on not going bankrupt your first year.
4	Management team are taking feedback seriously!  Definitely a plus!  Hope their customer service will improve next time when we visit Vegas.  We always expect excellent service for SLS as we stay in their hotels several time in differ locations.
3	Not really feelin' the monkey-themed hotel.  I'm not very fond of monkeys... if you have a phobia of them, maybe try staying somewhere else?  They're not everywhere, but they do pop up in the most randomest of places.  On vests of the dealers on the floor, on the ironing boards in the room (can't speak for all rooms/towers), on the wall in one of the tower lobby elevators... those were the only places I saw them.  I would say that the towers are kind of confusing when trying to get to your room.  We had to go through 2 before finding the one we were in.  Each one also had different paint on the walls... I think its clear which ones at that point were nicer than the others.  If you love LA... or haven't been and have always wanted to go, try that place out.  I don't think I would choose to stay here since I'm near the real LA and wouldn't travel all the way to Vegas just to stay at a hotel that is also in LA w/ all CA type restaurants, etc.  Nice hotel though.  The room my friend had is kind of weird though.  I did not like how the sink was outside of the restroom/shower room & how when you wanted to get out of the restroom, you had to move the sliding door/mirror that would then potentially hit the person who was using the sink/mirror on the outside?  I wouldn't think that could be safe?  The room had two fulls and a couch right by the mounted flat screen w/ a bar/closet area and mini fridge (only filled w/ things you shouldn't touch unless you want to get charged for that mini bottle of liquor) and a safe was also included under the fridge for valuables.  I thought the smell of their shower & body products were nice!  And I really liked how they had a box with a nail file, q-tips & when I had forgotten my razor... we just called for one and it came w/ shave gel.  Feels like they could have done more w/ the restroom/shower area though -- so much space w/ no counters (just a small shelf by the door holding the towels).  Staff was very friendly and accommodating. :]
2	We stayed here this past weekend...To start the hotel is VERY Miami.There are two arrival areas and are very confusing, which in turn made us have a long walk to the check in area. Check-in was painfully slow. Also, cabs are a long wait to be had no matter which entrance you try as the hotel is so far off from the strip.The ROOM was nice, yes it's a bit smaller than others but since i went in with low expectations i guess i was nicely surprised. The shower was great and we really liked the mirrors. One day after being gone from 9am-3pm our room had still not been attended to by the housekeepers. ugh.The POOL was also nice. Nothing fabulous to report. Especially the service. You can see in my picture that the waitresses often stood at the bar waiting on drinks instead of waiting on customers. It was impossible to get their attention, and when you did - they told you to wait. very disappointing. I will say the food was good. But if you are looking for better and friendlier service, just sit at the bar as the bartenders were great.The RESTAURANTS were incredibly slow. You'll see a line at any vegas restaurant or coffee shop, but these were painful. UMAMI service was awful. We waited for almost 15 minutes for any server to come to us for even water, the burgers were ok. To get our check was additional 25 minutes! Don't you want us to be gambling?? I never tried the GRIDDLE as the line was ridiculous and they wouldn't let you take "to go." My boyfriend went to PERQ for a tea and 35 minutes later finally returned. The CASINO was probably the only good item on the list. Though the slot machines haven't been played enough that there was no noise of winnings coming from them. The CLUB was decent. I won tickets to see a DJ at LIFE on friday nite, we stayed a total of 20minutes. Nothing better than what i can already receive in NY. and it wasn't even a huge named DJ to get the crowd amp'd. The crowd was very B&T by NY standards.All in all, if i had another "special" on the rooms i'd come again. But other than that, we would not return. Not even to gamble.
2	I've stayed at pretty much all 4 and 5star hotels on the strip,  so I can tell you this hotel doesn't meet the standards of a 4 star. If you come with an expectation of 3 or 3.5 star,  maybe you won't be as disappointed. Few things here. 1. CAFFEINE SUPPLY FAIL. My friend and I both got latte that cost almost $ 6 a cup at Perq,  and both poured it away after few sips, that's how bad it was. I also got a cup of coffee at casino floor,  and it tasted like dishwasher water. If you want your customers gamble all night,  please improve your coffee.  How hard it could be  to make good coffee with your thousand dollars espresso machines? I don't understand. 2. NO direction signs in the parking structure AT ALL. We self parked and had to drag and carry our luggage through lots of steps and the whole casino to finally get to the registration. ( how can disabled people even get into this casino?) Then finally figured out there's actually a closer entrance. How we're supposed to know if there's no signs? Didn't appreciate the opportunity of upper body workout. 3. Overwhelming perfume in the hotel.  I started to have a headache because of it just when I was waiting to check in.  This is no Abercrombie. Please tone it down. 4. The room is tiny. I thought I was in Tokyo,  but this is Vegas! You are supposed to be able to jump around in your room. They have this setting that the sink and mirror is behind the sliding door of bathroom when it's open. So when my friend and I were getting ready for clubbing. We had to make announcements when one of us needs to go in or out the bathroom,  in case we slam the door into each other and get half face bruised. Also,  you get two double beds instead of Queen beds. The only two things I like about this hotel is the French toast at their Cafe is very yummy. And the slot machines do seem a bit loose. But if you are making me have to go out to get Starbucks with hangover,  then I am not coming back to this place.
5	Above and beyond great customer service and a great place to stay!! Although we been offered a complimentary room stay, we they treated us as 5 star guests and offered us water while waiting and free meals. There's no other places on the strip will Do that...will definitely recommend friends and family to stay here again.
5	So... Here is my breakdown after being here about 10 times. this place is pretty amazing! I've tried every restaurant except Bazaar Meats and they're are all so so good! Best sushi on the strip at Katuya. I love getting a personal pizza and a salad at 800... And I REALLY like the burger at Umami, my husband loves it. The best breakfast place on the strip is Griddle cafe. So, basically, If you want a good place to eat come here. They have everything you could possibly want  in one hotel.... Want to have fun? Foxtail is my fave so far. I also had a great time at Sayers  the last time I was there, I think if I want to chill and have a drink that's where I would go. Life was pretty fun but I perfer Sayers and foxtail, I like popular music, Hiphop etc... I especially like that I get that music and the crowd still seems up scale. I hope it stays that way. The staff is AMAZING!!!! such friendly staff. They really know how to take care of thier guest. Thank you for the good times SLS! My new fave!
4	SLS Las Vegas is creating a new Vegas vibe. Despite all the hate and criticism by many, I, on the contrary, absolutely enjoyed my 4 day stay at the hotel. In my previous Vegas adventures, I have stayed in The Cosmopolitan a couple times, Vdara, Bellagio, MGM and New York New York--the big grandeur well-known Vegas experience. I am also frequently in LA so I have checked out most of the spots in LA that are in the SLS and love them. I was anxious to see what all the hate was about.I realized that perhaps these people were a bit too quick to judge. I see the efforts in making this a praiseworthy hotel, but of course there are it's pros and cons...1) The decor and ambiance of the hotel was very eclectic, eccentric, chic, artsy and laid-back. You can tell it was a reno, but it's pretty good. I found it rather refreshing as opposed to the other more opulent hotels on the Strip. The art pieces reminded me a lot of the LACMA in LA.2) The hotel IS on the small side...but so what?! It's a boutique hotel after all. The casino is also very small, but this was the intention of SBE. The hotels focus is mainly on entertainment and dining. We stayed in a World King Room on a high floor.  It is indeed smaller than other Vegas hotel rooms, but we both thought it was spacious for two. It was simple and crisp; very SLS style, but I would say on the more inexpensive, less luxurious and contemporary side. The bed and sheets were incredibly comfy; and I am happy to say that our TV was working fine. . The hotel and rooms were VERY CLEAN and I could smell their signature scent throughout--no stale smoke or cigs smell. 3) The service we received was attentive and welcoming. We were greeted by all the employees that we walked by. Check-in was very quick, perhaps we arrived a more quieter time (around 6:30-7pm). We asked for recommendations on clubs and lounges to go to on a Thursday night. Leo, the Assistant Manager of the hotel helped us out. Unfortunately, he gave us some wrong info. He was unaware that LIFE was not open on Thursdays (although he mentioned it was "LIFE night") and that Foxtail was closed for renovations. Nevertheless, although he should know these details very well as the Assistant Manager...I did not let that ruin my night. Also, he was very friendly and pleasant to chat with. Taxi service is easier to hitch at the front entrance. The line up and wait is long at the back but if you go to the front, you get a cab right away and there's usually a line-up of cabs waiting there.4) The POOL is great! Very chic and relaxing. There were way too many empty daybeds and lounge chairs that they expected patrons to pay for, but in reality it seemed that not many people wanted to pay $300/2 people. I saw quite a few people walking around looking for chairs and finally some life guards pulling chairs out of the empty cabana areas for them. The host did offer us the daybeds for $150 after, so they do give you options and are nice about it. However, I felt service was poor.  I hunted a server down for a menu and she NEVER came back. I wanted a drink direly, but figured I didn't want to pay for such service. They seemed attentive to the daybed, lilypad and cabana guests though.5) Now for the dining and entertainment, saved the best for last. We tried Umami, The Griddle, 800 Degrees, The Perq, LIFE and Sayers Club. We did our fancy dining elsewhere. I have to say, Umami and The Griddle are better in LA. Pizza at 800 Degrees was delicious! --and they mixed up the orders BADLY.  I LOVED THE PERQ's coffee and TRUFFLE SCONES. I love TRUFFLES and if you do, go get their scone!!Thursday night, we went to the Sayers Club. No line, no cover. It wasn't busy but had a good amount of people. The music was hip hop mostly and the patio outside is a great place to sit, listen to music and sip your drinks. To get into clubs quick and easy, you need to talk to the Concierge. The girl connected us with Steven, the SLS VIP Services Host, who got us into LIFE for Eric Prydz on Saturday night with no line, no cover. You must tell the host you're a hotel guest or else he could care less about you. LIFE is a good club with a nice layout but was not full. Another plus is that the girl at the Concierge got us connected with a VIP host for Hyde (owned by SBE) at the Bellagio too. Within 5 minutes, the VIP host, James, for Hyde got us on the list. No line, no cover and open bar till 12 AM.Overall, the hotel and crowd is very LA. Even IF there were "hookers" around, who cares. It was a different Vegas than any I've experienced. Since it's fairly off-strip, I liked that it was quieter and more relaxing. It's far but the monorail and cabbing is convenient. If you want something different from the generic Vegas experience, I would recommend staying here. I will also be back!
4	About the rooms ... I'll add to this review a bit later, but I feel like the rooms are being somewhat unfairly maligned.As is rather prominently stated in its marketing materials, the SLS was formerly the Sahara, which was constructed in the '50s and '60s. Back then American hotels did not have three things in particular that are now commonplace, particularly in Vegas: high ceilings, large rooms, and floor-to-ceiling windows. Thus, the Sahara was built in the style of the times.For reasons I assume are financial in nature, SBE decided to simply renovate the three Sahara towers instead of demolish them. On the one hand, they spent a HELL of a lot of money on high-end fixtures: the Duravit sinks, Toto toilets, and other top-of-the-line faucetry probably cost close to $4K per room -- and that's *not* counting tile work or anything else. Those neon-lighted (or LED?) mirrors ain't cheap, either.Compared to any Vegas five-star (Wynn, Encore, Bellagio, Venetian, etc.), you will be disappointed if you're expecting a room experience anything like them. Compared to other Vegas *boutique* hotels, it's another story, and for the moment the SLS is solidly beating everyone in town on price. (To be fair, Palms Place -- the condotel behind the main Palms, which is effectively a small apartment -- was running a $69/night rate on Hotel Tonight when I arrived, versus the $109/night + $75 resort credit I scored at the SLS.) Finally, compared to Vegas's middle-tier hotels -- TI would be a good example -- the SLS is *vastly* better.More later...
3	As a frequent guest at the Sahara, I realize and appreciate the structural limitations that the SLS has to overcome.  Typically, I come to Vegas 3-4 times/year for business.    Right now, I'm staying mid-week as a break before a busy travel schedule.  My World Tower King room was $74/nt plus $25 'resort fee' and $150/night 'hold'.  Paying double to 'hold for incidentals' is exorbitant.  PROS: Small casino that is easy to navigate.   Friendly staff, esp Joe from VA in the Griddle.  Portions are HUGE.  Sit at the bar for faster seervice. 800 Degree pizza! I drive to Vegas so this is easy to get to from the freeway.  As others have mentioned, do NOT go to the main entrance but around the back, as it is closer to the hotel check-in. On the monorail line so it's easy to zip around the Strip and cheaper than a $20 cab ride from the Four Seasons. Casino bars are friendly as is the hotel staff. Pretty loose slots in the casino. My room has loads of plugs and USB ports. Plenty of food choices within the property. The room key also operates the elevator.  Nice added bit of security there.CONS: Surprising number of penny, 2 cent, 5 cent and dime machines for the Strip.  Not my speed and drew an older crowd during the week.  Very small high roller area. My room did not look like any of the pictures on the website.  No drawers...at all!  Three small shelves by the front door is all you get.  Not even a basket for the shelf.  Since I don't want to leave my underwear out, I lived out of my suitcase for privacy. Supposedly there was supposed to be a robe and slippers in the room. When I arrived on Tuesday afternoon, there was an empty glass outside my door that stayed there until Wednesday night. Where the heck are the ice machines on each floor? Returning from dinner on Wednesday night, there was a strong smell in the hallway (almost like a skunk).  Luckily, it wasn't in my room and gone the next morning. This is not kid friendly, unless you don't mind your kids finding the 'intimacy box' with condoms, lube and a vibrator next to boxes of $8-12 snacks.I have another business trip to Vegas soon and I'm debating on whether to stay here again.
4	SLS is a terrific new addition to the north end of Las Vegas Boulevard. I'm a local and have visited plenty of properties. I hope that people really give this property a chance. Launching a project as big as this is hard and they've been at for one month. Yes, they have some things to work out, but they have also brought some amazing new additions to our city that make it better. I don't gamble, so I have zero feedback for gaming, but I have spent plenty of time here and think it's a great experience for the money. PROS:1. Great restaurant portfolio. Cleo has an amazing mediterranean menu, Katsuya has delicious sushi, The Griddle Cafe has the best french toast EVER and Bazaar Meat is a carnivore's extravagant playground. (Bazaar Meat is crazy expensive, but that darn gin an tonic and meal were absolute perfection.) We also ate at Ku, which was very overpriced for the quality of the food, but everywhere else was terrific. 2. Clever room design. Yes, the rooms are smaller than most hotels on the strip. These aren't suites like Encore or palatial studios like the Venetian/Palazzo, but they provide more than enough room for 2 people and they did a smart job maximizing every inch of the space. (Light up wall mirrors, sliding bathroom door and a pull down window shade that gives the illusion of a headboard. Yes, the view isn't great, but I don't spend a lot of time staring out of the window in my hotel room. If I want an amazing view, I go to the Mandarin Oriental's bar for the best view on the Strip. 3. Switch up valet.I love that I can valet my car in the front of the hotel and pick it up from the back or the front depending on which direction I am headed at the end of the night. 4. Sahara and LVB locationI love that it's easy to get in and out of this property. 5. Sayer's ClubI LOVE this place. It's cool and if you go on a sessions night then be prepared for a late night music show that you'll never forget. We saw an incredible act that was a delightful surprise on a Thursday night. CONS1. Service at the pool. It was terrible. Truly the worst pool service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas. The waitresses would pick and choose who they waited on -- luckily the bartender was terrific and the pool restaurant menu was the best in town. So as long as you don't mind going to the bar to get your drinks, then you're good.2. Check in desk. If you get dropped off at the front of the property you have to haul all your luggage to the check in desk at the back. Quick tip: If you have a lot of luggage ask to be dropped off at the Paradise entrance. 3. Check in processOy vey. I had to wait forever and my room key didn't work so I had to go back down to the front desk 2x to get a new room key.4. Self parking garageThere is no signage for which direction to go and there is an exit process where you have to cross lanes of valet traffic. Better signage and stop signs would help. 5. Everything is LOUDI love music as much as the next person, but I had a work meeting at Perq and the Griddle Cafe and we literally had to yell at each other. This town needs a quiet place for locals to meet in central Las Vegas and I quickly learned that I should never plan a work meeting at an SLS restaurant.  I chalk the cons up to being a new property and needing to train the heck out of their people. I plan on going back in the next few weeks and maybe they will get 5 stars.
4	Look, here's the deal.  You've got some people bashing the place and you've got some people loving it.  Here's my opinion:  it's like a high-end IKEA hotel.   You could argue that the furnishings in the rooms seem cheap, the casino's small with no poker room and the food/service may not be up to your standard.  Got it.  Or you could say the hotel is clean, the rooms feature a nice minimalist design and there's a cool "LA" feel to it.  Got that, too.But at the end of the day, SLS charges a very fair price for the experience offered compared to other hotels on the strip.   There's the Cosmopolitan, Wynn and Mandarin further down the strip if you think the SLS amenities don't live up to your expectations.  And then there's Circus Circus if you think SLS charges too much for their rooms and services.  It'll probably change in the next year or two but for now... it is what it is.
3	I have reservations for 3 weeks from now and I have to say I am a little scared based on the reviews so far. I am hoping I cannot believe everything I read here since this will be my birthday trip and I have not been to Vegas in 20 years. SLS I am looking to be impressed.
3	Aside from the ten minute walk from the valet to check in desk, long lines, and lack of hospitality. There was items missing from our mini bar, including a water, snacks, & alcohol. The Ice machine wasn't working on our floor to add to the glory. Overall nice layout, although the rooms are generally smaller than the comparable hotels.  I do recommend the two nightlife venues that I saw: Life & Sayers. Did not try any food vendors.  In the end the distance from the heart of the strip, and what I call "mismanagement", was not worth the discounted room prices. This hotel needs to get it together if they hope to last one year in Vegas.
3	As promised, here's an update, in the form of a list of pros and cons:1. Location. To be blunt, it's at the ghetto end of the Strip, and also closest to the most ghetto hotels on the Strip (Stratosphere and Circus Circus). If this is your first time in Vegas and you plan on doing sightseeing along the main part of the Strip, I'd suggest staying somewhere more centrally located (or at the very least rent a car). While yes, a stop along the LV Monorail is quite conveniently located directly behind the hotel, it's $5 per ride (!) per person (!!). IIRC it's the most expensive public transportation in the U.S., if not per world, at least in terms of distance-per-dollar. (You can, however, get a 24-hour pass for $12. Still, you're waaaaaaaaay better off either cabbing it or renting a car if you're traveling in a group. Also, the monorail is rather *inconvenient* for visiting numerous hotels along the Strip, e.g. Wynn/Encore, Bellagio and everything in the CityCentre complex.)2. Crowd. Varies quite a bit: weekdays it's mostly a wide mix of tourists, and on weekends it's very, *very* L.A. (As one would expect, given the hotel's sister property there.) While I can't personally fathom the idea of paying a $150 minimum for table service merely for sitting out by the pool, that's what you have to do if you're *not* staying there. (Private cabanas are $500.) The hotel's too new to determine where on the hipness gauge its weekend-daytime pool scene looks like, but suffice it to say it has some *serious* competition (Marquee, HRH, Encore, etc.). All that said: for the moment, I'd probably pick the Cosmopolitan or Hard Rock if I was looking for this particular type of scene, at least on weekends.3. Property (physical). Location aside, there's also no getting around the fact that most of the rooms a) have no view, b) have tiny windows even if they do have a view, and c) face the parking garage. The latter is not fun if, say, someone's car alarm goes off at 4am. The pool area, by Vegas standards, is definitely on the small side, and also has a fairly basic layout. The complex's interior design is interesting, but at the same time falls back on *way* too many Philippe Starck cliches, and also cliches in general (antler chandeliers? seriously? those went out of fashion a decade ago...). Finally, the front desk is the size of one I'd expect to see at a Hampton Inn in the middle of nowhere, not a 1700-room property. I don't even want to *think* about the madhouse it will eventually look like once it's fully up-and-running and booked to near-capacity on weekends, but I would strongly suggest management devise either an expansion of it or, if space won't permit it, install self-check-in kiosks. Yes, I know the latter isn't very "boutique-y" or "reflective of luxury." It is, however, vastly superior (from a guest's perspective) to spending 45 minutes in line waiting to check in.Overall, I'm afraid I have to lower my rating to three stars, even taking into account the usual service issues that come with all brand-new hotels. The Cosmopolitan tops it in nearly every way: location, room size, "hipness quotient," amenities, proximity to the awesomeness of CityCentre. Even in terms of off-the-main-Strip hotels, I'd go with the Hard Rock over SLS. While I would unhesitatingly recommend dining at the Bazaar -- which, even in its early stages, has already leapt to the top of my list of favorite Vegas eateries (though I think the word's already out, too: the place was packed when I dined there on a Thursday night) -- there's not a single other element of the hotel, save for price (for now), that tops its local competition.
4	The hotel and casino staff are great. Security. Housekeeping. Dealers. And front desk staff are all very helpful. We had an especially great experience with MJ upon checkin a few weeks ago.  She was extra helpful in assisting us and was part of the reason why we had such a wonderful stay. Our lux suite had that  brand new feel and was indeed luxe. The layout is well thought out and the design is in the SLS style.We ate at the griddle, katsuya and the noodle place. All good. Yes it's at the north end of the strip but still a short taxi ride if you want to go central strip.
4	Overall, we enjoyed our free stay there! The hotel is gorgeous in many areas, but their would be a few changes that I would make. For one, the black & white walls in the hallways going to yr room was really creepy , along with the same walls in the room...aweful! Rooms were really nice, just didn't feel at home or cozy with no dressers to put your clothes in?? The customer service was awesome in every dept....you never had to hunt someone down if you needed something , but those red plaid jackets that all the men had to wear?? Well, I'd change that too! What about black tux jackets...that to me would fit more with your decor & very modern hotel....elegant & classy!The dark red hallway leading to the room elevators ?? Maybe that's what is attracting all those hookers we saw on the property....that definately needs to be cleaned up & get that trash out of your hotel!It was a real turnoff  to see those girls dressed the way they were....& their were many of them, not just a few! The cocktail servers were very prompt...I liked that ...service was quick!Now for food ...buffet was excellent , but not worth $40 a head...even $20 is high per person for during the week..wkends that price would be appropriate . The pizza place "800 degrees" was out of this world ...WOW!  Prices were moderate & they use a ton of cheese...just the way we like it! Wish you had some fast food options tho...we don't always want to sit down & spend a lot of money to eat in expensive restaurants. Your missing the cheap coffee shops that a lot of people enjoy going to. We would like to be able to grab something quick & cheap ...we want our money for the machines! lol That's our new go to place now. My mom & I  want to make the SLS our #1 place to go, & cut out all the rest of them for awhile. But, loosen up the machines a bit...too tight for you only being open a month!The hotel was very organized, along with having people direct you as you were coming into valet , as it was a bit confusing as to which way to go, but luckily their was valet guys everywhere directing you , so that took the stress out of finding your way at a brand new place ! You guys definately had it all planned out!! Everyone  played their part very well, coming from a confused customers point of view , which in turn made the whole experience seemless!! Great job!And one last thing ...I had a few glitches w my code card, & had to go back to the desk to get a few things taken care of. Your associate "Brittany " at the Code desk was awesome!!!! She was very helpful & eager to help us, along with being prompt, courtesy, & knowledgeable in her dept.  When I had to go back to the desk a few hours later cause of another glitch, she was still there & had remembered  me from earlier & again, took care of us right away & apologized for the inconvenience ! I wish you had more employees like her...she was refreshing!! Thanks Brittany for doing your job well!! Give that girl a raise or promote her to a manager position...very impressed with her ! Very polite , professional , & handled it promptly with a smile on her face!Great job everyone ....& Congrats on your beautiful hotel & casino! Many great blessings....Regards,Darlene Leto
4	All you assholes who are giving bad reviews are finicky divas. I just checked out from a 2 night stay and we already miss it. The room was awesome! We stayed in the world tower. The shower, ugh, so good. I wanted my bf to detach the shower head so we could take it home. Plenty of space, they even rolled in a crib for my 16 month old. Fit nicely and we still had plenty of space. The staff service was impeccable. Everyone was very attentive. They did everything but wipe my hiney, pretty much.The Foxtail pool, FAVORITE part of the weekend.  We rented a day bed. Well, worth the money spent. All it is is a tab minimum. Food was great, servers were sweet and attentive. Towel service was on point. Cleanliness A++! We had our kids with us and I was nervous that it would be frowned upon and that we would be neglected by the pool staff. I was wrong. We were taken care of just as well as everyone else, and the party was never dull! The music at the pool was dope! Acid jazz, funky dance beats, pop mixes, etc. The music started off a bit slow and jazzy in the morning, but we were so pumped by the afternoon. Everything from the Fresh Prince, to the Fugees, to Portishead. I didn't get a chance to gamble but I observed that they have all the gaming one would want. The TV was impressive! EASY and quick navigation through channel menu AND hotel services. You can look up ANYTHING on it. Check out was done in less than a minute on the tv. Valet was free and so is wifi. Actually it's part of the resort fee. None of the other snob hotels offer that. The style of the hotel is a mix of vintage glam and modern industrial.Super fun place. We're definitely going back!
5	My husband and I loved this hotel! It's a ways down the strip, but you know that getting into it. The hotel has a boutique feel to it, so you don't feel like you're at a huge Vegas mega-hotel/casino. The casino has a cool funky L.A. style to it and the restaurants are fabulous. We ate at Bazaar Meat and loved the cotton candy foie gras! All their food was delicious. They were out of something we ordered so they gave us a complimentary appetizer! Our server then walked us over to the Sayers Club and the doorman let us in and asked the bartender to take care of us all night! Our friends (another couple) came to meet us later and they were taken care of too! They actually had couches on the patio and we didn't even need bottle service. The music was mostly hip hop and top 40 which I loved! Rare to find in Vegas since most clubs play EDM! The live band was great and they played current hit songs with amazing singers! The room was nice but pretty small in the World tower but we didn't mind too much since we got such a fabulous deal on Facebook. I think the rooms in the Lux tower are bigger. Everyone who worked in the hotel was so nice and helpful! Don't miss Umami Burger! My husband went nuts for all the huge screens- the perfect place to watch sports! I loved the ahi burger! Make sure you eat breakfast at Griddle Cafe. The pancakes are huge and amazing! Also loved the pool. It was just the right size and has a retro vibe. Overall we had a great weekend at the SLS and can't wait to come back and check out Cleo and Foxtail!
3	Are people here like trained????When signing up for The Code it took way too long to sign up for a new card.The longer the workers talk to people signing up the longer the line gets where people don't want to get the cards and the longer people stay in line the more money is not being spent on the floor.Tried to get help from a Slot Tech inside and they were terrible.  When trying to get my free play the first one was nice, but her information was WRONG.  I wasn't trying to play a progressive machine it was a normal slot machine.  Then the second that came up to me told me to "TURN OFF THE SERVICE BUTTON"I don't know where your HR got these people cuz they are TERRIBLE.This mainly got 3 stars just because the hotel looks nice.
4	P.S. Albert, if the hotel isn't full , we would love to get invitations to more free  stays.We can't afford the room, eating, & gambling, so if we could get help on 1 thing , we could swing the rest. Thanks again....
5	So I had a few complaints and I was upset at how the hotel management handled it. They have since then helped remedy the situation. I believe in second chances, especially when your are shown respect and the level of service you expect.
4	I really enjoyed staying at the SLS. Pros and enjoyment: Center bar in the casino. Sherri and Christian are fantastic bartenders. Casino was clean. Dealers were so nice!Beds are insanely comfortable and the shower head was amazing. (Rain head) The vibe of the pool is very mellow. Loved that. Cons:LiFE- the nightclub there. Got harassed by the bouncers two nights in a row trying to get in. They were extremely rude. The club isn't worth the trouble. Go somewhere else. The pool waitresses. Don't waste your time just go to the bar. The bartenders at the pool are attentive and fast. Even if I tired waving down a waitress I just got ignored.
5	This place is amazing! i definitely  recommend staying at this hotel!! Great layout amazing nightlife and great dining
3	I usually stay at Encore/Wynn, but was in town for a conference this weekend and wanted to try the new hotel on the block. I wasn't too impressed.First off, it's not really walkable to anywhere, and isn't a destination in and of itself. If you're from LA, you'll recognize a lot of the spots... Sayers Club, Griddle, Katsuya, etc. All nice spots, but... yeah, you're in LV not LA East.Second, the front desk bungled my reservation in three different ways, wasting an hour or two of time. Not the biggest deal, but didn't set the tone well. Not to mention that if you're staying at the hotel, you should ask your cab to take you to the hotel entrance - not the main entrance, where you have to bring your bags all the way through the poorly marked casino.Third, it doesn't stand out in any way. The decor is OK but there's something disjointed about it. I'm not a design specialist by any means, but something was off - I just can't but my finger on it.Other points... The rooms were small, OK, and average. Think, the Standard Hotel, not the SLS Beverly Hills. Cabanas at the pool were nice, great service there - in fact the pool and cabanas were the best parts of our stay there.Overall, the SLS is mediocre, overpriced, and I'm definitely renewing my allegiance to the Wynn/Encore - properties in a way different class as far as experience, presentation, and panache which the SLS sorely lacks.I hope SBE knows that it's doing with the gargantuan expansion because if their other properties are anything like the LV SLS they are going to be in BIG trouble, just a hunch.
3	Went to Vegas for my 21st birthday and decided to stay at the SLS Hotel. booked my room through bookit.com and I was set. Hotel is really far from the strip. Very cute hotel us too I have never been to Vegas before. The pool is very mellow wished it was a little bit more hyped up just because it was my 21st birthdaybut I get a people want relaxation. Everything was good at the whole tell people were friendly everything was good Jade at the front desk got me into the LIFE club, thanks Jade! Everything was great until I saw my bank account. I noticed SLS had charged me $300 when I had already paid through book it. I was devastated. I mean who wouldn't be. Called immediately but didn't get anyone to answer my call so I left a message. Received a call today three days later and said that I was charged twice and that I will be refunded. I appreciated being refunded in it it's expected to be refunded but why charge me twice first of all? Overall nice hotel.
1	I usually only write reviews when I experience exceptional service or food. I tend to "forgive" bad places I visit and move on quickly but after visiting the SLS Las Vegas I feel obligated to rate this place. First, I am from Los Angeles and frequent the SLS here. I have also been to the hotel in  San Francisco designed by the same guy who did the SLS in Vegas and LA. This designer's vision and creativity is out of this world. Both LA and San Fran hotels will leave guests speechless. SLS Vegas is completely different than this designer's previous work. I would go as far to say its a cheap imitation. The entire hotel has carpeting. You will not see any type of fancy floors anywhere. There is ZERO attention payed to details. Main floor bathrooms are blah!! The ceiling is unfinished and painted black in the main floor. There are a few cheesy chairs here and there throughout the casino that don't even look like they belong. Graffiti style painting on the walls. This place is a very cheap imitation of the LA SLS. The rooms are also cheap looking and small. As far as design, elegance, and innovation is concerned, this place cannot compete with resorts like Wynn or Bellagio. The SLS Vegas is accurately located across the street from Circus Circus...it's true competition. Guests should not be asked to pay more than $50 a night here.  This place lacks soooooooo much aesthetically that we ended up spending all of our time and money at the Wynn.  I can't imagine anyone above the age of 25 appreciating this hotel. It's like parking a Honda among a fleet of Phantoms.
1	I recently stayed at the SLS Las Vegas and I was very disappointed with my stay.  You would think that after almost a month had passed since the hotel opened that all of the kinks would have been ironed out.  Unfortunately, that was not the case.From the time that I drove up to the hotel I was disappointed.  The hotel is in the worst part of town, but I looked past it because the hotel must have great security.  I drove into the parking structure and there was no clear signage on where to go.  I drove up into the garage and parked on the 4th floor.  I parked near the front of the hotel thinking that I would be close to the front desk.  Boy, was I wrong!  The elevators were not working, so I had to take the stairs all of the way down with my luggage.  Upon entering the hotel, I learned that I had to walk all the way through the hotel to the back to get to the front desk.  It would really help to have signage in the parking garage.  My first impressions of the casino were not great.  The stairs are concrete stairs like you are in a warehouse.  This is not appealing for the front entrance of a supposed 4 star casino.  The actual casino itself is tiny!  Think off the strip hole in the wall tiny.  Due to the size, it is easy for the casino to become too crowded and not find any games available to play.  My solution to this, don't play here.  I drove to the real strip and played at the Cosmopolitan, which is where I normally stay.  Speaking of the Cosmopolitan, let me say that this place does not even come close to the Cosmopolitan.  I arrived to the front desk and started the check in process.  The front desk agent said that my reservation was paid with a Visa card; I don't even have a Visa card!  I only use MasterCard, Discover and Amex, I even showed her my wallet that did not have a Visa card in it.  Yet, she insisted that it was paid with a Visa card.  This is not a big deal to me, but the fact that she argued with me about this is what got to me.  I also asked about the room type and she explained the 3 different rooms to me.  I asked to upgrade to another room type and she said no, that they were all sold out.  I told her that I was not asking for a comp upgrade, and that I was willing to pay.  She said that there was nothing available.  After I got up to my room I checked the SLS website and I saw that there were rooms available to upgrade to and the website even shows how many of each room type are still available.  First, the front desk agent argued with me and then she lied to me.  Is this the kind of employee that works here?Now to get to the room itself....  I thought that the casino was small, but the rooms are even smaller.  The fact that there is a tiny little window makes the room even smaller.  The functionality of the room is hard to describe.  There are only plugs on one side of the bed.  The couch is too close to the TV, but that is because the room is so small.  There is a little stump next to the couch that is decorative, but I ended up kicking it in the middle of the night in the dark!  The door to the bathroom does not have a lock on it, so no privacy!  Speaking of the bathroom, there was no shampoo, conditioner, or soap in the bathroom.  Luckily, I travel with my own sundries.  Every hotel, even bottom of the barrel Motel 6 gives sundries in the bathroom. The room itself was also very noisy.  I was woken up several times during the night for various reasons.  First, there was an ice machine right outside my door that kept filling itself and I could hear the ice fall.  Second, I was woken up at 7am by hammering.  Third, I was woken up again at 830 by a car alarm going off in the garage.  Yes, the room with no view is close enough to the parking garage to hear all of the noises.  The A/C unit was one of the loudest that I have ever seen.  It was very powerful in putting out cold air, but the noise was not worth it! The hotel would have been better off completely demolishing the old Sahara hotel instead of renovating it!  You can tell that this was an extremely rushed job that was done to save money.  I would not stay here again or recommend it.  I hope that hotel makes many major changes, or it will be doomed to close and not have the long history of the Sahara.
1	If I could I would give 0 stars.  I checked in on 9/9.  Was told I was upgraded to the World Tower.  Went to room and found light pink wall paper, bed spread and pillows with black carpet.  Not my style.  Full size bed too boot.  If you even think about getting on your computer you will be sitting at a cheap hard as hell wood chair they clearly purchased from Ikea.  I went straight down to reservations 2 mins later and stood in line again for another 45 mins.  Told them rooms was unacceptable and wanted to check out.  They didn't even offer to change me to another room which I wouldn't have accepted but still surprised that they didn't even try to keep a guest.  I asked for a receipt and was told that I didn't need one since they didn't charge me.  Well it is now 9-30 and I got my business expense report and they did charge me which I figured but also expected a credit but they did not.  Called and Accounts Receivable has a recording and says leave a message and they will get back to you with in 72 hours.  This tells me they are 1 very under staffed or have a ton of issues.  My guess is it is both.  Left message and then called main number and gal tried to help me as I asked to speak with a manager.  She at least sent me a receipt and it showed that I was a "no show" which is incorrect but I guess they didn't want to put down that what I really said "their rooms are cheap remodeled Motel 6's".  The gals actually tried to help me and transferred me to front desk where I was on hold for 1 hour.  I started to explain to this gal my issue and right in the middle she cut me off and transferred me to accounts receivable.  Again a recording.  Signage is extremely poor in garage and casino.  When you self park you have to walk completely thru the casino with all your luggage to get to the hotel.  Registration is hard to find also as they have extremely poor signage inn the casino.  Elevators in garage didn't work either so had to carry luggage up and down stairs.  For 189.00 a night (I wouldn't even pay 39.99 a night) the rooms are not worth it.   I travel to Vegas 18-20 weeks a year for work and normally stay at the Cosmo which is a night and day experience.  Maybe SLS should go down there for a couple nights and see how it is supposed to be done.  I wanted to show support to a new place and check out the remodel.  Last time I will do that.
1	HANDS DOWN THE WORST!!!!! DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT STAY HERE, unless of course you'd like to deal with the WORST staff in the world, end up racking up a ridiculous bill you never anticipated then getting pushed around and never getting your money back.Rooms are small, it's completely off the strip, and wait for it- the worst problem of all... I booked my room online, paid for the first night of two on my credit card. Get to the hotel and the DUMB girl who was supposed to charge my boyfriend for the second night, charges the ENTIRE AMOUNT again on his debit card. A manager, Leo Demarsh "tries" to reverse charges, this never happens, so now we have almost $1000 racked on debit bills which a credit card company can't even reverse for about 3-5 business days when our room was supposed to be $500 for the two nights. When we were leaving the girl who originally messed everything up tried to tell us that "she didn't do that".... ?? It's like um, yes actually you did, because the credit card gods did not.Leo was completely unreachable I had to call the SLS and SBE head to reverse the charges, get in contact with their accounting department, overall didn't see the funds for almost two weeks prior. My boyfriend figured $1000 cash for the weekend was a good enough amount to transfer to his debit account for the weekend, but when SLS messes up and charges you $700 to stay, pretty sure $300 is not going to get us very far.Ended up paying more fees with my bank for going over my daily limit of $1000 a day. Entire trip ended up costing us three times as much as anticipated and many hours tryingt o track down all these reverse charges.NOT WORTH IT!!!! STAY ANYWHERE ELSE BUT HERE. BIGGEST NIGHTMARE EVER.
3	Hm. I think I had an okay experience at SLS. I actually came in with pretty low expectations after reading all the bad reviews, but I guess that was a good thing because I didn't expect much. I booked a king room in the World Tower for a weekend for me and my boyfriend. We had no problem with checking in and there were no problems with the elevators throughout the entire trip. The room was yes, very small, but I think it was perfect for two people. Of course, it wasn't like rooms you would find at Cosmo, Palazzo, or Vdara, but they were still just okay. The couch and chair seemed really cheap though. Super light and like I could probably break it if I really wanted to. The casino is small, but it was okay for me because I don't gamble much. My boyfriend didn't mind that it was small either because he still won money haha. There are a couple restaurants like the Griddle, Umami Burger, Ku Noodles, Cleo, Bazzaar Meats and 800 Degrees Pizza. We only got to try one of the restaurant which was Cleo. I left a separate review for this restaurant on their Yelp page. Overall, our stay was pretty okay. The biggest problem I have with this hotel is the location. We spent probably over $100 the whole weekend for just the taxis because our friends stayed elsewhere on the Strip. I probably wouldn't stay here again, it was just a once time experience.
2	I really wanted this to work out for us. I stayed there last night and man... I couldn't be more disappointed by the room we had. They gave it this FANCY name, "world superior king". Cool right?  Wrong. Room 31407We walked into a room that was  seemingly clean. Until we found a hair on the pillow case, the left side of the bed had not been vacuumed, there was someone's bottle cap & trash under the end table. I checked out the bathroom and it had a THICK short hair on the white tile. THEN to top it off I go to sit on the really cool looking WHITE couch, it had what looked to be orange spots on it. UGH! I should of gone down to the desk and complained but with all the bad reviews and what not I didn't want to be grouped as a picky guest. The Front Desk girl set my mood for the morning so I really didn't think if I went down and complained it would of been fixed. I didn't want to be switched from room to room.  I didn't sit on that side of the couch and we just grabbed the hair off the pillow case with a napkin.. ONE PLUS, the TV & cable worked fine no issues. No Wifi though, another problem. Not to worry that's why we pay for our DATA plan on our phones.. :(Then we couldn't find many places that were still open. The Griddle... who the HECK calls a place "open 24 hours daily", when the sign says, " except 4 PM-11 PM".  Call it what it is, Open 17 hours a day. LOL  The Buffet is closed also.. really? That was all I wanted to do was use my Local perk and grab a Buy One get one buffet and see if it's worth the full price.  Everybody reviews the place as very little selection and the prime rib is the the only thing good. On to the next one.Ended up eating at Umami Sports bar for Dinner & Perq for gelato.  I wrote a review for both places under their Yelp pages... I rated them both 5 stars.  Definitely stop at those two spots to eat. I REALLY wanted to give this place a 3 star review.  I kept waking up from all the noise in the back of the hotel. The Train was blaring it's horn, traffic was honking out our window, some guy screaming at the top of his lungs right in the parking lot.  I could hear everything going on through the window... why not use double pane glass windows? I don't understand why the guy I booked the room with over the phone gave me this room. Wouldn't you want to impress a local so I want to come back or recommend the hotel to family that's from out of town? Not impressed with the service.I was curious to why the bed sucked last night, this morning at 8 AM I ended up looking under the sheets & bed liner for the brand of the mattress, no brand name.  The bed liner had nothing for cushion in it at all, flat as pancake.  The pillow was also flat, I couldn't fluff it up no matter how hard I tried. Everything on that bed was flat. What the heck was so luxurious about that? It's supposed to make you want to stay longer. I couldn't wait to get the heck out we checked out at before 9 AM.  I'm still in a great deal of lower back pain as I type this.We did have a nice view of Downtown & the Stratosphere...  I'll stick to my favorite resort for my next staycation where I get way better perks, local discounts, TV's pop out of the foot of the bed, DVD player, surround sound & all for a great price.I've experienced WAAAAY better. Even the check out desk didn't care. Young Caucasian male with glasses and blonde short hair. He asked us for the room number, handed me the paper work. WOW, you didn't even want to ask us how our stay was? Hotel service here was awful.However the valet guy was nice enough to ask us. We told him about the bed and left it at that. He said, "WOW, did you ask for a manger"?  We told him, "Nope, the check out desk didn't even bother asking us how our stay was.."  After we left I realized I should of grabbed a manager last night... when I was laying there watching TV at 7 PM and seen if they could of done something.  But with the poor attitudes all around I'm not sure I wanted to be disappointed a second time around. I can't imagine the manger would of been in a better mood since the reviews were 70% truthful.IF other locals are curious I did want to share with your our "perks". I'm not one to club hop so maybe someone else.. if you're going to drink just grab a room there. Don't drive drunk.http://slshotels.com/lasvegas/locals/Las Vegas CODE members enjoy distinct privileges, unique offers and perks!* Preferred seating and restaurant reservations* Preferred room rates and availability* Join us for $5 happy hour drink specials Sunday - Thursday 5 - 7pm* Enjoy 2-for-1 admission to The SLS Buffet for breakfast, dinner or weekend brunch* Relax with 25% off treatments in Ciel Spa Sunday-Thursday* Skip the line on Industry Nights at LiFE & The Sayers Club on Sundays & Foxtail on Mondays*2 complimentary breakfasts per stay at the Griddle Cafe OR The SLS Buffet. (Nobody cared enough to tell me this upon arrival at the DESK!)
3	Not a gambler, so I had time to sit back and observe everything & everyone, Dont get the lower priced $120.00 rooms. very tiny, all white, art deco, all mirrors If you are fat and ugly you dont want mirrors. Down in the casino. very dark, really loud obnoxious basement House music and bubble-gum pop, ugly people all old and unattractive, It was the 1st.of the month so all the crack-pots and ghetto gamblers were spending their welfare checks (local neighborhood folks) and ordering drinks and never tipping the cocktail servers. I hate that!. oh well a casino is a casino is a casino....
1	I stayed at this hotel Friday, location not bad, Casino, OK, rooms small, but nice... Service horrible, plus some of their practices are extremely unethical.   When I got back to my room after the show, I decided to do what I usually do, inspect the minibar, who doesn't do that? I normally never buy anything, but this time I had a craving for candy, and of course room services is not open 24 hrs for me to order Desert... So I decided to raid th mini bar, I checked all the goodies and choose some malted balls and a bottle of water, fully understanding I had just spend 15 dollar for something I could have spend 5,but oh well. So I checked out the next morning, all good... Later that day I get my final bill on my email an notice extra  charges, 4 extra charges for mini bar for stuff I hadn't use. Little did I know that there minibar works on a sensor and if you pick an item and don't put it back, within seconds you get charge for that item. I immediately call was put on hold 30 min, then transfer to voice mail, this happened 3 times to this day I still haven't received a call back.   Am I the only that finds this unethical, immoral and damn near illegal? What if people don't notice? That 8 here and 9 dollars there. Straight up theft if you ask me. So I will pass on this story, as I go to Vegas almost every weekend, and shall never ever step foot at this place.... Thieves
5	Wow, after reading other reviews,I must be living in a different planet or they have spontaneously corrected their mistakes. Found the room, staff and ambience to be quite pleasant. Personally enjoyed it being a bit south of the Strip as it was not in the hustle and bustle. Has easy access to the monorail.Rooms were clean, contemporary with stainless steel in the bathroom. Plethora  of food choices, nice convenient pool. Will definitely go to SLS again.
3	about to go there this weekend but feedbacks reviews are more likely tend to negative than positive.  I was afraid that I'm going to big fight at front desk or switch to other hotels before not too late.P.S. afraid means I don't hesitate to response bitchy and idiot type people from front desk, especially in Vegas
4	Staff is super friendly, hotel is clean, away from all the hustle and bustle of the main strip. Down side rooms are small asked for a roll away bed and they charged me $30.00 The amount they quoted me over the phone for the two nights was completely different when I checked out. Had dinner at the griddle asked to charge to my room the staff didn't know how .  But it's understandable the hotel only been in operation for a month.
4	i read a lot of bad reviews on here and trip advisor so i was bracing myself for the worst...i was pleasantly surprised though!i had a room in the world tower and it was nice and spacious. the design is really trippy but when your eyes get used to it, it's pretty awesome. i had a nice view of the stratosphere and could watch people jumping off of it. the pool was really nice (ducks are so cute!) and there isn't too much sun blockage from the buildings. there are plenty of spots that aren't reserved.the front desk service was so so and the lines are long but that is kinda the norm in vegas. it really depends on who you get. it took 45 minutes to get hot water from room service. bellmen are really nice and helpful.there is a monorail stop in the SLS which is convenient as it is up north and off the strip.don't forget to swipe your key to use the elevator. no one told me this and it's kind of important...
4	For the price, we had a pretty good time here! Rooms are kinda small but they're furnished pretty well. Edgy decor that's interesting to say the least. Our room had a pretty bad view (facing other rooms) but it's okay. Service throughout was good and staff was always friendly and helpful. Overall this is a nice boutique hotel!
5	after reading all the bad reviews I  braced myself for trouble. however I was pleasantly surprised! My room was clean the staff was friendly and helpful. I wasn't going to move into the hotel so the room was decorated rather generic but I only slept there! the TV worked fine. The casino is small but I won! (But put it all back) If you don't like the casino at SLS there are a million other casinos! I would definitely go back !4
4	If you're expecting to be on the strip in this hotel think again. Look at your map people. If you booked it and complained it isnt close enough thats your problem. Anyways came here for a birthday staycation (local las vegans)We booked the lux king and i ordered amenities to the room (as a surprise for the birthday boy) The room was 20% off with the code (rewards card) so it was $289 after tax and resort fee for a friday night stay in october. Pretty pricey but they ended up putting us in the lux tower (pink keys) yay It was very nice. The bed was comfy and soft. The room was very modern and white i loved it. The theme was great. The closet area was set up very well tooSo the amenities are expensive (obviously but it was an occasion) we got roses on the bed strawberries infused with wine and a tube of ganache and two glasses of champagne. This cost a little over $100 The problem was that it was supposed to be in the room by 11. They called and told me they were sending it up at 10:30. Then i got a call from dining saying they mistold me the price and were going to talk to the manager ans call me back. No one called me back and i got to the room and the flowers were there, i was charged for everything, and the strawberries and champagne werent there. I ran downstairs and told them since my person was supposed to be on his way. They didnt get it to the room until 1:40!!Ridiculous!We ate at the pizza place inside. Not very good would not suggest it. We went to the pool. There arent many chairs its pretty small but nice overall. We gambled a bit and won a couple hundred. Now were having breakfast at the griddle cafe. We'll see how it goes.Oh and there is a mirror on the ceiling ;)
4	Just got back from a quick trip from LA and had a great time. I've done the Vegas thing probably 30 times...since back when the Excalibur was the hot new hotel, haha, so I'm not really that concerned with staying in the heart of the Strip. Actually, I've come to appreciate the benefits of staying away from it, thanks to prior stays at Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and the Westin Lake Las Vegas. You always get more for your money, better personal service, and less of a crowded mess. But if that's your thing, then more power to you, don't stay here.I've long been a fan of the SBE brand, and booked my stay through Hotwire. So the room (in the World Tower) was a whopping $63. Sweet. Even with the tax ($14) and resort fee ($28), that's $105/nt. for a room in a 4 star hotel. Awesome. When I was checking in, the lady next to me was using a Gilt coupon, so I imagine there are a lot of deals to be had on this place right now. Remember: only suckers pay retail.Check-in was a breeze, rooms were clean, bed was comfy and the staff was really friendly and professional. Got put on the list for both their nightclub, Life, and their lounge, Sayers Club. LOVE not having to pay a cover or wait in line.I don't gamble, but for those who do, the casino has everything you'd want. I enjoyed hanging out at their pool, the FoxyTail. I liked the Philip Stark / Gensler design, but I guess taste is personal. And I liked the more upscale, young professional crowd. As someone who lives in LA, I have to admit it's sort of weird traveling to Vegas, just to basically access all of the brands you'd normally visit in LA. The Griddle? Yup, it's here. Sayers Club? Here. Katsuya? Here. Bazaar by Jose Andres? Here. Fred Segal? Here. Basically, I was leaving LA...to come to LA, but with a Vegas twist. But there was something comforting about that too, because you know what you're getting and the prices are pretty much the same.Honestly, probably 80% of the crowd seemed like they were from LA. Same people I see around Beverly Hills, WeHo and the Grove / Melrose area.So, 4 stars for me. I really dug the place. I will take a moment to respond to some of the complaints that I see on here:1) The SLS is off the Strip?? Well, no duh. Did you do any research before booking your stay here? Didn't you know it was off the strip like 3 years ago when Sam Nazarian bought the place?! Not knowing the location of the hotel you book isn't on them, it's on you.2) The rooms are small? They're rooms, not suites. I found them to be pretty standard size hotel rooms. And they come with like a 65 inch tv, which was nice.3) You had issues with the staff? I guess everyone's experience is different. I thought the staff was better than the Beverly Hills location.
1	STAY AWAY. This place is a dump. I wish i could give them a 0 star review. Not recommended at all. Rooms are too small and a poor service. No one cares here. My room was suppose to be double queens, i got two twin beds in a tiny room. Ask the front desk about it, and they replied " room size was listed, next time pay attention" I usually go to vegas 12 times a year once a month due to my business, this time i had couple of friends who would wanted to try SLS. We are all disappointed. At Any casino in vegas if you are playing more than a $1000 you get something. At this casino i was playing with over $5k and asked for a late check-out and they said " there will be an extra charge". I can not believe it. SLS obviously has some lack of management in Las Vegas. At the check out they charge extra for mini bar which i never used, but i really wanted to get hell out of that place i didn't even complain about the extra charges.I WONT BE BACK. I can not believe i paid the same price for 5 star hotel just to stay in SAHARA with a new paint job. TOTAL RIP off. STAY AWAY. Too far from strip and there is nothing to do inside the resort. Paid a lot of money for nothing. I got this hotel because i have been stayed at beverly hills SLS and Miami SLS. But this one is total dump and can not be compared with those hotel. I just feel sorry for SBE corp for getting involved in this. This hotel will drag name name to dump.
5	Great restaurants and the friendly staff went out of their way to say hi every time. Umami was super , Cleo is out of this world food and The Griddle is better than Hash House! Valet gets busy at times and lighted front entrance floor makes u feel like a rock star! Room was super cool and trendy! Loved the lighted mirror/walls!
5	Upon reaching the hotel entrance the valet informed us that we should enter through the back side of the hotel to be closest to the front desk his advice was very useful.The front desk staff was very friendly and eager to answer any questions we had about the property including restaurant recommendations. This Hotel is awesome I previously read the reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor and was worried about my stay the weekend of September 26 for my husband's birthday. I change my mind quickly when provided superior service by management. The staff at the SLS are very qualified and provided excellent customer service. We were greeted by an executive host named Jae who was friendly and professional.  We stayed at the world tower on the top floor and the room was beautiful modern and had awesome bath products. We loved the room. We had the opportunity to check out the 2 on site nightclubs life and the sayers club. Both were fun and played good music we even got to see a live band on Saturday night at the sayers club.We are foodies and the food served at the hotel is so good I was surprised at the quality of the buffet and the handmade desserts. We had dinner reservations at Cleo for my husband's birthday dinner and it was top notch. The only thing I would say is that our room service at 3 a.m. Was not so great but if you order early enough you can get room service from any of the restaurants downstairs so it's hard to judge a pizza and sandwich at three a.m, especially when we were ready to pass out.  Do not miss out on this hotel if you are into something more intimate and boutique and still on the strip.We literally only left the hotel once to go to Drais after hours club but other than that we stayed on the property the entire weekend there was no need to leave
4	Overall, SLS is an improvement over the old Sahara casino. It seems to have been designed with a club like atmosphere. Will come back again.
3	Lots of amazing restaurants, Friendly staff, and the maids eager to clean your room. We had the maids trying to clean our room all day! I love our room! Love the decor in the room! Hallways are a little Dark and I am not a fan of the room numbers. but the best way to describe it is "glam-rock !" It's not the classy Bellagio or Wynn. Don't expect the high class feel BUT it's not a bad hotel! I would have liked to see the ceiling finished as it looks like they just didn't have time to finish it and now it looks like a warehouse. The carpet in the casino looks like it stayed from when it was Sahara. In fact it still says "Sahara" on it. That's part of the reason I put 4 stars instead of 5. The slots are stingy! Pool is small but it was more of a chill vibe than loud party music (on a Friday).Clean rooms and comfortable beds! Room service was also real slow! But I would def come back just to eat at the beer garden umami outside patio! Amazing food! Not to mention the most amazing pancakes EVER at the Griddle! Honestly, I don't love it...I don't hate it...but it's not my favorite! We would probably come back and stay here again if we got a really good deal!
4	I actually had a rather favorable experiece with these guys. Maybe my expectations were a little turned down because of the kind of reviews I was reading about this place prior to staying here. Their customer service is indeed subpar in some spots. We had a question about our account before checking out so we called the operator and were put on hold for 30 minutes! Only to find out downstairs that they weren't even busy. What was that about?I'm giving them 4 stars as opposed to 3 cuz I felt the positives outweighed the negatives for the most part. Checking in was a bit slow, although once I finally got to the desk, the lady was very helpful and booked us a room on the second highest floor of the World Tower. Got to our room and loved it!First time staying in a boutique hotel and wasn't disappointed. Room was very clean and accomodating with some of the most coolest lighted mirrors I've ever seen. With a press of a button they are illuminated with a bright light that fits the mirror like a frame. Very nice. Oh, and they also have a Beatles carpet in the lobby which gives them bonus points in my book. Overall, I'd stay there again when planning another trip out to Vegas.
2	If you're expecting SLS Beverly Hills quality, don't stay here.Cheap renovation, not clean - even the black carpet was obviously dirty + shower had previous guest's hair in it. Maybe because this SLS is operated by Hilton instead of Starwood?Impractical arrangement/separation of toilet and shower from the sink and mirror, and forget about getting any live person on the guest services phone line. Was on hold 7 minutes then transfered twice before reaching someone who could help me with a basic inquiry.Worst of all was the room number assignments. First number is the hotel tower, second two numbers are hotel floor, then the room number. If you're okay with having to remember 6 numbers to find your room, its made even worse that the towers have names instead of numbers. (Maybe you can't reach guest services because everyone's calling for assistance to find their room?) Not a good idea to make it so complicated for people who come to drink, relax & are usually operating on minimal sleep.
1	Truly a terrible experience and would not stay here again. Would not recommend it and would tell anyone going to Vegas to avoid.  Nice hotel room and that's where the "nice" stops.  When checking out I was asked if I'd come back.  No - no way.  I had 2 employees with me on this trip.  Three rooms in total.  We were in town for 8 nights.  They have double charged us for everything and it's been THREE weeks of me calling and leaving messages in order to sort out the extra fees they INCORRECTLY charged me.  Silly if you ask me.  Shouldn't take more than one call to bring the error to their attention and I should have had a call back same day. Week three and still NO word from anyone to this day. Terrible customer service from the Front Desk to the Accounts receivable manager.  Poor way to run a business.  Sad start to what could have been a beautiful new hotel option in Vegas.Room service - Both nights the meal was totally COLD. Not a good system they have going on.  $150 hold PER night of the stay?  That's ridiculous if you ask me.  Take 8 nights and multiply that by 3 employees.  Big hold on the card.  This is a minor inconvenience, but coupled with everything else, it was the cherry on top.I suggest that SLS return my phone call (ASAP), reverse the incorrect charges and act like an honest business.  That would be a good start to becoming a worthy hotel to stay at.
4	I read some bad reviews but I liked this hotel. PLEASE NOTE, this is NOT the SLS in LA so don't go in expecting that. The room was exactly as shown in the website photos minus the mood lighting. The casino is kinda smokey considering this is a newly opened hotel. The ground outside and in some of the elevators could be repaved and signs of The Sahara can still be found in some spots. I had a very quiet room, the beds are SUPER comfy but appear small. I don't remember if the website lists them as a full or queen, but they felt like fulls. The room was very cute and accommodated my family well. Plenty of space for our things. The bathroom was very trendy but the toilet is far from the tissue (LOL). The parking garage and signage is a bit confusing so once you're checked in, definitely ask the front desk the best garage for your tower. Check -in was quick and easy and the front desk agent was VERY friendly and explained everything well. LOVED all the restaurants on site, something for everyone and the pool seemed to have a good crowd all day. I wish we would have had more time to check the pool out. The doormen have really cheesy plaid jackets and didn't even look like they worked for the hotel, most of them were  too busy talking about their days off or holiday plans to give directions or assistance. Great place for the price, I hope it doesn't attract the wrong crowds, location isn't in the best of the strip, but manageable. I wouldn't stay here for the strip action because it's a bit far removed.  Overall, I loved this hotel, would definitely come back. It's not 5 diamond/ 5 star yet but it has potential.
1	This is more a review of their customer service (of lack of) rather than the hotel or the rooms ... because I never stayed there.  But I am just so fed up with their customer service that I feel an obligation to warn others so the same thing won't happen to them.  As a Canadian, I am very easy going and trusting ... which is why I think caused me so much headache in dealing with SLS Las Vegas ...I made a reservation online on August 22.  But because of logistic issues I ended up needing to change my plans.  I called them up on Sept. 8 (deadline to cancel to get the deposit back was Sept. 10) to cancel my hotel and the lady on the phone was super nice.  She even asked if there was anything I would put down as reason to cancel.  She confirmed that I will get my deposit back on my credit card.  I was pretty happy about it and I guess this is when I made the mistake ... I TRUSTED that she would do her JOB properly.  I checked my credit card after 2 weeks and I did not see a refund on the deposit.  So I called them back on Sept. 22 to ask about it.  The guy on the phone told me that the refund request has been submitted to Account Receivable. and that I can expect to see the refund on my credit card within 2 business days.  Here I made a second mistake ... I TRUSTED them AGAIN!  A week later, I called them again because, guess what, I still haven't seen the refund, and now I am getting worried.  This time the woman on the phone told me that there is nothing she can do and I have to speak to Account Receivable.  I have left them 4 messages over the past 2 weeks and I have yet to hear back from them.  I know that this is a new hotel and there are lots of things to work out ... but not giving the deposit back to customer is not acceptable.  Account Receivable only has a voice mail so I can't even talk to someone about my situation.  I have since called the hotel two other times and each time the person on the phone will give me a different story about what notes are in my reservation file and what I need to do to get my refund ... I am so sick and tired of the unprofessional and disorganized way my situation is handled.So here is the lesson from my story - unless you are 100% sure you will be staying at this hotel (and please check out the other reviews before making this decision), I strongly advise you to reconsider booking with them as your deposit will NOT be refund back to you.
5	I don't know why there are negative reviews of this hotel. As a matter of fact, the next time I go to Vegas I'm staying here again.This hotel is far away from the overbuilt part of the Vegas strip where you'll find your typical Vegas hotels like Wynn, Venetian, Ceasar's, Cosmopolitan etc. It's secluded and it's also more of a boutique hotel. However, if you feel like visiting the other hotels there is a monorail station built in the backlot of the SLS. You can buy an all day access pass for only $12. But I'm warning you. Once you step foot on the more populated area of the LV strip you'll notice a drop in class. You'll want to head right back to your safe haven.Now, about the hotel. I noticed that the service was excellent. Everyone who works at the SLS must have gone through quality training. The staff was polite and friendly. For once I didn't feel like a walking dollar sign. The casino is pretty small but I liked it. The restaurants range from casual breakfast, lunch to formal dining. I went to Katsuya, Cleo, Umami Burger, and The Griddle. I highly recommend the first two for dinner. Also the rooms are modern and sleek. I stayed in the world superior King room. It has two giant mirrors with built in lighting which are across each other on opposite sides of the wall, a king bed, and a decent sized bathroom. The bed is really comfortable btw.I also had time to go to the gym. It's a small gym but it has everything you need for a decent workout. No squat racks or bench press but there are free weights.The foxtail pool is modern and sleek as well. The servers were very attentive and friendly. To sum it up. If you've had enough of the overcrowded, trashy, rude, crappy service Las Vegas experience and you're looking for something classier then I recommend the SLS. If you want to spend your money in a BIG hotel with BAD attitude then stay somewhere on the populated section of the strip.
4	We stayed 4 nights here. We showed up at 1:30 am long before we was due to check in. The service desk was more than happy to help us get a room for a extra night. And they made sure to give us the room that we already had reservations for, so we didn't have to pack up at check out time n move to another room. The Hotel is absolutely beautiful inside and outside. We will definitely be vacationing there again. There was only one thing that bothered me and that was when we reserved our room the extra fee of $84.00 was mentioned that we would have to pay when we checked out. What was not mentioned was that there was an 150.00 a night incidental deposit. So, even though we paid for everything weeks in advance and we thought, that was all except the $84.00 due at check out, we still had to put down $600..What if we didn't have it, then we would have been out of our 1st night hotel room cost cause it was way after the cancelation time when we were told this.
4	Last weekend my boyfriend and I stayed in the world tower for three nights.  Based on all of the negative reviews, I was pretty nervous going into the weekend, but we had a great experience at SLS.  The post I read regarding parking was a lifesaver.  We parked on the Paradise Rd side of the garage and had no issues getting to the front desk for check-in.  One elevator in the parking garage was down, but the other one was in working order for the duration of our stay.  Check-in was quick and easy, and the front desk attendant, MJ, was very friendly and inviting.  Staff opened doors for us and were very helpful all weekend.  We loved our room and I didn't think it was small at all.  There was definitely enough space for the two of us and all of our luggage.  The rain head on the shower was great and I found the bathroom to be very clean and sleek.  The weirdest part had to be the overall decor at the hotel, but it was great for observation/conversation.  For example, there was a crowd of people on the window covering behind the bed which was slightly disturbing, but enteraining at the same time.  Overall, I'd recommend this hotel, but it is far away from all of the action so bring your walking shoes or some extra $$ for a cab.
2	The only reason for two stars is bc Katsuya is at the hotel. But even then, the customer service at the SLS of dumb idiots get no stars. No one obtains reliability or accountability these days. Jankiest "new" hotel I have ever been to. Got into my room and the light was out, tv froze plenty of times and they have the lamest "cable" tv. When I checked out, they charged me for mini bar crap that had dust on top of the boxes that I didn't even eat, when I declined room service for my entire stay. And the gnarliest thing was that there were still pubes in my shower. What a bunch of dumb idiots that are running the place.
1	The hotel itself is adorable, but the front desk staff manning the desk for my stay was incredibly rude.First, the woman at checkin couldn't find our reservation, and rather than try and solve the problem professionally, she became accusatory as if I'd done something wrong. Shortly thereafter, she was able to track down this elusive reservation and proceed with the checkin, but her sour attitude did not change--and I'm one of the most patient and understanding people I know. To be treated in such a way was completely undeserved and just beyond me. My other negative exchange came from calling the front desk because my television was acting up. Once I was put on hold for more than 15 minutes. And when I called back, I was put on hold without even getting so much as a hello on the other end.  These may seem like small things, but when you have high hopes, it almost ruins a trip when the staff can't show you some common courtesy. I guess I'll be staying at the Cosmopolitan this year for Thanksgiving.
1	This is the second worst hotel I have stayed at while visiting Vegas.  The room was small with a king bed that had a light up plastic couch as a head board.  The toliet/vanity/shower all seemed to be built into an old closet.  I had to call the front desk just to get ice because my tower (story) didnt have an ice machine.  The elevator wreaked of B.O.  The front desk tried to charge my card for three deposits of $300 and everytime I tried to go somewhere in the hotel I was stoped by an attendant and asked to show my room key.  Ill be sticking to the south end of the strip from now on.
4	Fussed about by some for lacking the glitz of The Cosmopolitan or the sheer size of Caesars I've thus far been more than impressed by my several visits to the SLS - Griddle Cafe, Cleo, Ku Noodle, Bazaar Meat, and even Perq offering something delicious while the vibe is casual and fun.  Certainly not an 'everything to everyone' spot like some of the bigger resorts but seemingly dedicated to those interested in good food while the ambiance remains casually cool I'd much sooner hang out at SLS than with the sunglasses-indoors dipshits at Aria/Cosmo/City Center.Now, if only they could fix that elevator to the parking garage...
2	Odd Design, low ceilings in casino and hallways result in an overall uncomfortable feeling. Seems like 20 designers worked on this property who were not communicating with each other. Feels like an upscale version of a "thrift shop". Bed was directly underneath window with decent view which resulted in staring at the door when in bed. To sum it up - very odd !
1	By far one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever had booking a hotel in Las Vegas. I was quoted a price of $194 on their website and given a confirmation code and email and I thought it was a pretty good deal for the day we were staying as there is a big convention going on that week. However when I woke up this morning I was given an alert that a large purchase was made on my credit card, it was the sls hotel charging me $698 for the night. I called the hotel and was transferred twice to which the last transfer led me to a voicemail. I left a message and three hours later no one has contacted me back. So I call back and the reservation lady can't figure it out. So frustrated!!!!!! On a side note, everyone that I've spoken to has been very polite, just no one can answer my question as to why is there a discrepancy in my price.
3	There is a lot to love and some not to love about SLS las vegas. I'm a huge Phillip Stark fan and I thought the decor was beautiful. The pool was particularly stunning and if it wasn't for the rooms I think I would be back just for that. Now onto the room. Caustrophobic, warm/stuffy and had a weird chemical fragrance scent. The air conditioner was ancient and blew air directly in our faces all night.  We loved Katsuya. But Umami was a huge disappointment and the waiter was rude. Luckily the manager (rudy?) was incredible. You better keep that guy, he made it right in what was a disaster of cold food and slow service. I hope they work out these issues. It would be nice to give it another try.
1	I wanted to give my son a special birthday present so I booked him into the SLS Las Vegas Hotel. I paid for it in full so he wouldn't have anything to worry about. If I hadn't done this, I would have moved him after one night at this joke of a hotel.I decided on this particular hotel as it had just been newly renovated and only open since August. There were amenities that i specifically wanted for him as he is on a fitness regime. Beautiful pool, new gym....what they forgot to mention is that the pool closes at sundown and the gym is locked @ 6pm....What?Also, the woman on the phone said the location is excellent as it is on the monorail route and therefore he wouldn't have to use his car much. Heads up...she forgot to mention that the monorail stops running @ 2am.He had to use his car all the time and the garage has a broken elevator....Hope you like stairs.No coffee maker in the room. Get acquainted with the 7-11 if you want your morning coffee. The guy at 7-11 even laughed when they came in and said, "You must be staying at SLS".Saved the best for last...As I said before, the room was charged and paid in full to my credit card. When he went to check out they had DOUBLED the bill. Through all this NOT ONE person said they were sorry. When he said the air conditioner was not working the service tech wanted to argue that it was fine.The TV stopped working and they said no one was available until my son knew he would be asleep.When I called to talk to someone about the various issues at 7pm I was informed that no manager was on duty after being on hold for 15 minutes.This place is a MESS.....run for the hills or even Motel 6 would be better.....at least they have coffee makers.
3	I really want to give this hotel 4 stars, but for the cost of staying vs. the overall experience, I'm sticking with 3 stars. I just returned from a midweek stay. I reserved at World Tower King for $130/ night with a $150 spa voucher available on their website. $130 may seem inexpensive, but this was a Wed & Thur night. I am sure it is considerable more on the weekends. At check in we asked if an upgrade was available as we had heard the Luxe Tower rooms were very nice. We were informed that they were at full capacity due to conventions. That turned out to be very true. The property is just 2 blocks from the convention center. We were told to check back in the morning to see if any Luxe room became available. The World Tower room was nice, but very small. At just 360 sq ft, this is the smallest room I've ever stayed in in Las Vegas (and the Story Tower rooms are just 320 sq ft!). And the layout of the room is awkward, with the bed under the window, facing the door. All the typical amenities were available, but there was no bath robe or slippers. A standard for a 4+ star hotel.As for the rest of the resort, the pool is rather nice, if some what small. Since it was mid week, we had no problems getting daybeds either day. Rather nice was our ability to bring outside food & drinks into the pool area (not so sure this would be tolerated on weekends). There are several restaurants that all look good, but we dined elsewhere (all the restaurants are brands that can be found in LA). The casino is a little on the small side, devoted mostly to slots. It only has 2 craps table. Being mid week, the casino was practically empty. Also, the resort has very limited shopping option, a typical hotel gift shop and several Fred Segal stores.On our 2nd day we received a comp'd upgrade to Luxe Tower. Now this room is nice. Easily twice the size of the World Tower room (but also 2x the price online). The room has a very unique layout with nice facilities and amenities (robe, slippers, shaving kit, body scrubbing pad, etc.). The dichotomy from the World Tower room was very noticeable. I can easily return to this resort if I am staying in the Luxe Tower. Another thing, at check in, we mentioned that we had been to the SLS hotels in Miami Beach & Beverly Hills, but had read some concerning reviews about the SLS Las Vegas property. We were then actually told that the SLS LV is not to the same standards as the other SLS properties & the room price reflects that. While I agree the the price for their LV resort is much less than MB & BH, I don't know why they would want to dilute their brand name by offer rooms that are much lower quality than their other properties.Overall, the staff was very nice, but the rooms and resort amenities don't compete with other LV resorts. Their's no scene here, no reason for people to seek out this property to visit and party out. They don't have a show and being on the north side of the strip can be difficult (especially if you don't have a car). We would only stay here again if we get a great deal on a Luxe Tower room & if all the rooms were to the caliber of the Luxe rooms, this could easily be the hottest hotel on the strip.
5	Really like the vibe at this casino ... The machines were very friendly as were the employees.  It is definitely a place to return to. The restaurant Katsuya takes this casino fro a 4 star to a 5 star for me.  The wagyu beef was Amazing! & the black cod tasted like butter fish. To have this quality of a restaurant in a hip, friendly, positive energy casino is a treat! Even the valet guys were great. You will have fun here & maybe turn your $20 into $100. Great time!
1	the overall experience was POOR.  first it took about 20mins after reaching the desk to check in.  the hotel worker just kept typing and typing and I has to ask "is everything ok with the booking?  my wife is diabetic and we asked the front desk to have a frig sent up to the room (request made at every other hotel we have stayed at ) if there is not enough room in the bar fridge.  hotel rep said it would be taken care of.  6 hours later when we got back to the room, it was still not there and I had to call in again.  check out was just like the check in.   30mins or so to check out.   the hotel staff is young inexperienced and doesn't seem to really care.  I don't see what others see in this hotel.  the rooms are OK and for the price there are a lot of better options in my opinion (for example the wynn/encore, four seasons, etc.).  the gym is also very small and limited.  I really thought this hotel would be better.   it is amazing how poor service can impact the overall experience.  afterall the hotel room is a dime a dozen commodity and there are a lot of them in vegas.  I lover when hotels offer to make up on another visit but why would someone go back to "retry" on something you didn't like the firs time.  no different than having a bad meal/experience at a restaurant.  why go back.
1	This is a $hit hole w bunch of "I just turned 21 woot woot"ers in slutty attires obnoxiously drunk running around.  The service is bad. Very bad. (I waited for my drinks forever ...). I see they tried to modernize & dazzle up the place ending in vain.U get 20% automatic surcharge for everything here though service is usually below average.The club here on Friday night was rather empty...kind of a joke.  Yes I do see they tried to stuff the place w servers/dancers w fake boobies but they got no personality what's so ever. Performances are mediocre.Overall this place deserves one star.
3	An ok but Really Small casino with limited number of Slot Machines. Ok selections of Slots but very very limited quantity of each. No food court.No Starbucks.Looong walk to Buffet!Looong walk to Valet pickup!Valet pickup was on the opposite side of the building!And have to walk outside?I didn't see a shortcut from within casino.Why not chop a shortcut hole/hallway from the casino instead of making you walk way around to the back of the Building? Or have valet pickup in front next to drop off like everywhere else? What an inconvenient casino!Not anxious to go back unless I have to meet someone there.
5	Sls is a great new hotel casino.  It's in the middle of nowhere but has everything you could want.  It is very stylish and well laid out.  I like that it is small.  There's good food and the best coffee I've had in Las Vegas at perq.  Older hotels have nasty Starbucks or nastier Starbucks imitators.  This was actual real esspresso.  Makes a difference to me.
5	This time I stayed at the SLS and had an amazing time! The rooms are beautiful! They had mirrors that you could turn lights on and it made the room look bigger! The bed was comfortable and everything was clean. The staff from checking in, to the restraunts etc were very nice. Well worth it and we will b back
4	I stayed at the new SLS Las Vegas in September for two nights mid-week and had a good experience. First off, I booked a Lux SLS King Suite-Pool View (955 sf) for $109 a night (not including the $28 per day resort fee). I clicked on a link on Facebook, and there was a glitch with SLS's booking system, so every room was listed at $109 per night. I did some "research" to figure out which room was the biggest, and selected the SLS King Suite...SCORE!!!I don't normally stay so north on the strip. I've stayed at the Wynn (twice), Palazzo, Aria (this is my favorite hotel), Mandalay Bay, former PH Tower, and New York New York (don't ever do it!). Anyway, for $109 a night for a suite that would normally cost around $340-$450 a night, I told myself...chance it. Besides, SLS had just opened a few weeks prior, so it still must have that new sparkle.I had an early flight into Vegas and was relieved that the guy at check-in (sorry, I forget his name, but he was a skinny, friendly Asian man) let me check-in at 9:00 a.m. on a Tuesday. Prior to arriving, I did e-mail reservations to inquire about an early check-in, so that could have something to do with that. Regardless, I was thankful.Although I was discouraged to stay at this hotel thanks to the less than stellar reviews on TripAdvisor and Yelp, I was surprised when I opened the door to my suite. The room was big, clean (except for several hairs on the canvas-covered couch in the living room), and cold. Okay, it wasn't cold at first, but I lowered the thermostat in the living room and bedroom to turn it into an ice box!I had no problems with noise or the a/c as many people have mentioned in their reviews. The a/c didn't keep me awake at night, as a matter of fact, I spent most of the day on the second day in bed. Bad, I know, when there's so much to do in Vegas, but I was on vacation! Anyway, onto the good. I loved the ceiling mirror, even though my clothed "selfies" didn't look that sexy with the effects of gravity. For couples or anyone wanting to keep what happens in Vegas, in Vegas, the mirror had a wonderful allure. The shower was also really nice with the dual shower heads. There was one normal shower head, and another rain shower head. As funny as it sounds, it's nice to have water falling on you from different directions after a long day (or night) in Vegas. The bed was also comfy, and it was nice to have a separate living room and toilet. The numerous restaurants in the hotel were also a huge plus, even though I only dined at Umami Burger. If you like your burger medium or remotely cooked, I'd suggest ordering your burger well done. I ordered my burger medium, and I swear it was still mooing. I had a hard time eating it, but managed. Now for the bad...the parking garage was horrible. There are two different parking garages, one off of Las Vegas Boulevard and another off of Paradise. I opted to park in the garage off of Paradise, since I mainly used the freeway to get anywhere. The signage in the parking garage is bad or drivers aren't too bright because A LOT OF PEOPLE were exiting through the entrance and driving down the wrong way. I imagine this will cause some accidents in the near future since the one-way parking garage isn't big enough for two cars. One more downside, although one garage elevator was working during my stay, I nearly got stuck in it when I was leaving the hotel. I pressed a bunch of buttons and prayed. Fortunately, the elevator started moving again, but I can't imagine what it would be like to get stuck in the air-conditioner-less elevator in 90 degree weather for a good 30 minutes or hour while someone tries to get you out. When in doubt, take the stairs. Another downside...the toilet in the main bathroom got clogged during my first night in the hotel...thanks Umami! Anyway, it took more than two hours and two calls to finally get someone to unclog it. A technician unclogged my toilet, but left water and other things on the floor, and a maid did not come down as he promised. I had to call again to request a maid to come and clean the mess. Luckily, one did come while I was out, but the whole toilet ordeal cost me $20 in tip. Thank goodness for that second bathroom! So, my advice is when in doubt, give the toilet a courtesy flush! Maybe SLS didn't upgrade the plumbing during renovations.Overall, I did enjoy my stay at SLS, but would I stay again? If the price was right, but in terms of the room, gambling, and dining, Aria is still my number one!
1	I don't expect this to go anywhere, especially given the level of customer service (or lack thereof)  I received this past weekend at the SLS Las Vegas. Nevertheless, I feel the need to vent so here goes.I booked a 4-day stay at the SLS in order to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday as well as to ask her to marry me. I had heard that the SLS was a small hotel, recently refurbished and that it provided a hip and trendy way yet friendly atmosphere. I was especially attracted to the fact that the SLS is somewhat removed from the strip and that afforded us some much needed quiet and privacy.24-hours prior to my arrival I called the hotel to confirm my reservation (which I booked directly with the hotel on-line) as well as to advise reservations that I had a late flight in and therefore required late check-in. At first the agent couldn't locate my reservation and actually told me that I did not have one. After 20-minutes on the telephone he finally located my reservation under the confirmation number i had given him. He told me that he would notate the system about the late arrival and that I should have no problems from there.I arrived at the SLS shortly before midnight on the 8th only to find out that my reserved room had been assigned to someone else. The agent at the counter seemed clueless about what to do next so I jokingly suggested that she upgrade me to a suite - which she said she would do. The problem? Well the "suite" was a room with two under-sized double beds. Given that this was supposed to have been a romantic getaway long weekend I did not consider the sleeping arrangements to be ideal. I then proceeded to call the front desk who told me they would call me at 10AM the next day when my original room became available. The call never came.At 11:00 AM on the 9th I went to the front desk to inquire about the room and was told by the employee that no rooms were available, that I should consider myself lucky to have the room I had because it was better than my original room and that perhaps I should check out and try to check back in after 3PM if something became available. Really?!?!?! Not being able to tolerate any more stupidity my girlfriend and I decided to go to the SLS buffet for breakfast. While on the way I stopped to ask an employee if the buffet was open and where it was located. They told me that they didn't know where it was located and went on to tell me that they were likely no longer serving food at 11:30 AM so my girlfriend and I went to the MGM buffet instead. We subsequently found out that the SLS Buffet is indeed open for breakfast, lunch and dinner - but more to follow on that one. While all of this was going on my girlfriend was attempting to track down a package that she had delivered to the hotel. The person at the front desk told her to check with the FedEx Office. The FedEx Office told her to check with the mail room. Nobody knew anything about the package so I asked the concierge and explained the story to her. She was surprised to learn that the SLS had an actual mail room. She did locate it, however we were promptly informed that we could not go to the mail room because it was an employee only area. The concierge was helpful in that she offered to have a bell-hop deliver the package, the problem however is that the package wasn't delivered to us until 4-hours after the request.Back to the room fiasco - we stayed in the room with the undersized beds. The lack of helpfulness of the staff wore us out.Back to the buffet - we finally made it there Sunday. The food was great, it's a shame that there was nobody around to bring us drinks - the wait staff (in typical SLS fashion) was missing and less than helpful.Oh and then there is the cab ride where the valet at the gate stopped our cab driver to yell at him (using profanities) and asking what country he thought he was driving in because he accidentally turned out in the wrong direction.To top it all off everyone at the SLS kept addressing me as Mr. Fxxxxo when my name is Sxxxxxe. Fxxxxo is my girlfriends last name. Given that I made the reservations, that I paid for the trip and that everything was under Sxxxxxe I am unsure why the SLS couldn't get something as simple as my name right. SLS - Our experience was horrible. I ended up not proposing to my girlfriend because of the stress that you put on both of us. You ruined my girlfriend's long birthday weekend and we will never be back. It's really a shame because on the surface the SLS is a great hotel but when you put lipstick on a pig you still have a pig and that is exactly what the SLS is - a painted pig.Again, I expect this will fall on deaf ears but I really needed to vent.
5	I don't give 5 stars lightly when it comes to hotels but this hotel truly deserves the rating. It was a little troubling reading all the negative reviews but we stayed here anyway based on a friends recommendation from LA. None of the issues I read on yelp happened with us, from the time we arrived at the hotel until the time we left everything was perfect. (Side note this was my girlfriends first time in Vegas so I am really glad it went well). Ok back to the experience, we were greeted immediately by the doorman, check in was flawless and for getting here at 8 am I was glad they had a room ready. The rooms were amazing, a little of a boutique feel to them but super clean and decorated very well. The casino floor is a bit smaller than most of the other ones on the strip but if you just plan on staying here it's worth it. The pool area was set up very well unfortunately the party pool was closed but I guess we didn't miss much since it's really small. Overall great experience in every capacity since I usually stay at the Wynn I doubt I ll be back but it's a great back up plan based on the rates offered here!
3	This hotel is new and they're definitely trying to make it "the place to be". The room we stayed in was adorable and modern. Small, but cute. They have a great sushi restaurant here called Katsuya and the servers were great. The nightclub here called "The Life" was meh... The crowd wasn't great and it was a bit boring even though we had a table. I'd skip this club and go elsewhere like The Light at Mandalay (my fave club thus far) or XS. I recommend staying here, but not clubbing.
3	Not a big casino like others on the strip. What I liked about this place was that it wasn't crowded. Next time I would like to hit up the stores during business hours.
3	What a disappointment. This hotel retained the original Sahara Infrastructure and it shows in the awful layout of the hotel and small rooms. The AC didn't work and security is almost non-exist. The graffiti inspired casino is sloppy and looks incomplete. The only thing that saves this hotel is the restaurants.
3	Just to give my fellow yelp community an update - within an hour of posting my review of SLS hotel, I was contacted by a Customer Relations rep Bree.  She was super efficient and looked into my problem immediately.  Before the end of the day, she has processed my refund and 2 days later the refund showed up on my credit card account.  I am very happy that Bree was able to deal with my refund so effectively and quickly ... makes me wonder why the heck did it take all the other staff there more than 3 weeks and STILL unable to process it for me when I was trying to get it sorted out before turning to public shaming on Yelp.  I hate to turn to public shaming but so far that is what got the job done.  Bree is really nice and I think SLS hired the right person to help them do damage control.  Unfortunately because of the currency exchange rate changes and the fact that SLS doesn't have a toll-free number for people from outside the USA, I ended up losing out about $50 in total.  Oh well ... still better than not getting my refund back.Maybe one day I'll go back to SLS and give them a try.  I see some of the photos from other Yelpers and they look really nice.
4	My girlfriend and I just stayed Sat, Sun, Mon, & Tue this week and loved this place, even while experiencing some of the same front desk issues that have been stated on previous reviews. The facilities are beautiful, hip, clean, and quite functional to both the leisure and the business travelers (the Fedex/Kinkos business center was a life saver). The dining options are phenomenal,  not one bad thing to say about the on site restaurants. I will say that the staff at The Griddle went above and beyond expectations while providing great meals and a fun setting, we dined there on five occasions during our stay. Our room was awesome, comfortable beds, bedding, & seemingly soundproof walls made for great sleeping.  The list of regular visitors will include myself and I will recommend the SLS to anybody headed to town.
4	This hotel is the new Sahara and it's pretty nice, although still on the far end of the strip. We pricelined these rooms the night prior for under $100. Not bad for a Vegas hotel room. The lobby is your typical lobby with stores and gambling. The pool is smaller than most hotels on the strip but it's still pretty nice. The hotel rooms are a bit small and oddly spaced but it gets the job done. If you can deal with the bright yellow brick bathrooms, you'll be just fine.
1	So I finally got someone to make a correction and they refunded my credit card. However, they still refunded the wrong amount. I am in sheer disbelief! They are still overcharging me by $30 from my quoted price. Well here we go again with trying to get in contact with someone.
3	I recently was at the sls, very modern, cute, the room was small ,very clean. the casino was small however and a lot of young  folks , I guess they cater more to the younger crowd.  The elevator in the parking lot remains out of service, which was a downer, specially to old people like me.   The thing that most impressed me was the honesty of the personnel who found my lost wallet. To officer Stanley and officer Dale, who assisted me in retrieving my lost possession, thank you so much, Officer Stanley , you made my Vegas stay a blast which could have gone otherwise!
1	I would pass. We ended up switching hotels. Nothing special on the rooms. Maybe with time it will get a different energy and vibe in the hotel. But of course Katsuya was delicious. Super small rooms and still smelled like paint. No closet space etc it was pretty empty there and took over 30min to get a cab mind you no one was in front of us. Oh well. PassMy favorite part was the products soap, shampoo etc and the shower had a fun view out. They didn't have wall paper just a sheet over the wall. The pictures on the website of the rooms do not match up to the rooms. Also, when the we updated we were told there would be a bathtub. Negative.
3	OK. I used Priceline and did their blind booking thing, where they give you the amenities and a price, but not the hotel's identity. The price was right, the location claimed to be "on the strip", and the amenities all looked promising. I booked, and then found I was staying at the SLS. I google'd the site, looked pretty cool, exciting, and trendy...then I came to Yelp.There was no middle ground, either you'd love it or you'd hate it. It was, however, a new hotel, so there was hope that they were just working out the kinks. Either way, it was too late, the money was spent. Off I went.The good:The hotel was cool looking. I personally enjoyed the eclectic and LA-like style of the SLS. It felt trendy and cool, had just enough space, and there was always something to look at. No view from the room I had, but hey, wasn't really there to look out the window, so no big deal. The pool was very cool, with ambient music to chill too, and with the weather being what it was - fantastic - I had no complaints. The casino, granted, was smaller than others, but it obviously got the job done...people were winning and losing money. Food-wise, the Griddle Cafe was amazing and Ku Noodle had awesome dim sum. Location-wise, it was at the very top of the strip, so you've got a trek south, but it IS right at the end of the monorail, so if you purchase a 3 day pass you can come and go as you please and take a relatively short ride down to the main parts of the strip.Now the bad:The hotel neglected to mention the charges they put on my card: $600 for incidentals, which, when I complained about it when it showed up on my card  they refunded $450 of it...but then followed by charging another $193.40 and $144.20 on subsequent days. This seems to be a going issue across the board. Make sure you know what you're being charged and why (if you're not balling, of course). Everything is grossly overpriced, of course it's Vegas so that's to be expected, but you know, go in expecting worse case scenario in terms of cost of everything from bottled water to random purchases.Overall:The food was excellent, great places to eat, the people overall were friendly, the location was thankfully next to the monorail, so if you get the 3 day pass, you'll have no problem getting where you need to go. Aside from the issues with the charges, I loved the place and had a great time. Now...if they'll just give me back the other "incidental charges"...
1	I am not kidding when I say this but their employees absolutely have no clue what they are doing.  I stayed here since I had a comped night and I had two comp buffets.  There was an error with casino marketing and their eateries so when I explained that a reservation was made, apparently it was not in their systems, I get yelled at by a lady at the code that think I am blaming her.  When I mentioned that they employees were dumb, she hung up on me.  At least the employees at the buffet were nice, however I must inquire about the manager who was horrifically lost and did not know how to handle the problem.  Good try SLS, see you never.
4	Was a surprise. . Didn't expect much but I am starting to like the hotel. The room has an unconventional style. .tv mounted on a mirror. .full body mirrors on the wall with lights. . Nice touch of blinds. It's not comparable to the big hotels like cosmo, palazzo,  bellagio but the elegance match those of planet Hollywood and the like. Would come back for sure.
2	I really wanted to like this hotel. When I expressed my concern about the reviews prior to my trip the management  reached out to me to see what they could do to make my birthday weekend better. It sounded like they truly wanted to make this a positive experience. To be fair I will give the good and the bad. The Good:Before I arrived the concierge staff was awesome. They sent me restaurant menus and booked a show for me at a considerable discount. The cleaning staff was courteous and asked if we needed anything extra before she left. She just happened to come along as we left for coffee and she was finishing up when we returned. The room was ok but I loved the big screen tv. There are a lot of mirrors for dressing if you need that. Loved the big shower. I booked my room on Priceline but I called to get an additional room for family traveling with me. They quoted me the same rate I had from Priceline which was awesome. The decor had a cheap makeover feel to me but the bed was comfortable and in general I have no complaints about the room. I do suggest that they put a hand towel holder in the bathroom and do something about the sliding door to the bathroom. If you push the door too far when you close it then it's hard to get it open and can get your fingers stuck in there. If you can navigate the website the room looks exactly like the picture. However website is not easy to navigate. The monorail stops at the hotel which is a big plus if you plan it right. Because of the hotel location a cab is a really expensive way to go. If you don't mind a little walking definitely get a monorail pass.The Bad:I arrived on a Thursday so I expected the hotel to be a little busy but I waited almost 45 min in line to check in. There was 2 people in front of me and it just seemed like there wasn't enough staff to check in and that there was confusion with the process. My personal check in was pretty quick but I had booked my room on Priceline. I'm all about the little things so it may seem petty but the staff looked at my ID and didn't even say Happy Birthday. For me this check in experience set the tone for my stay. I guess when I'm told they wanted to make my birthday special I expected a warm welcome of some kind. A lot of the staff seemed like they did not want to be there. They just didn't seem welcoming and it really turned me off so I did not venture around the hotel too much. All hotel drinks in Vegas are expensive but $9 for a beer and $5 for a small bottle of water just seems a bit much.When I checked out I was charged a resort fee which seems to defeat the purpose of bidding on a room on Priceline. I've never had to pay anything else at another hotel when using Priceline before. My room should have been completely paid for. The hotel accepted my bid and that should have been it.  Also, when my son checked out they tried to charge him twice as much as the quoted price for one of the nights. If I had not been standing there and intervened about what we were quoted based on my room charge they would have been grossly overcharged. I had to ask for management before it was changed. And again we were not told about the resort fee when I originally reserved this room.I think if the in person service was as genuine as the service prior to arrival it would make for a better experience.
1	Not as nice as other hotels i don't think it deserves  the stars it was given in any of the web sites my bed sheets had yellow spots on it obviously it was not properly washed i am not sure if there is any supervision from government and health authorities in nevada on these hotels?
1	do not stay here!!! worse hotel ever. yet service was horrible. this place is a dump. nothing luxury at all and definitely not kid friendly. smells horrible as well. again, do not stay here
3	I gambled here twice and hung out in the casino. I expected it to be nicer. It's supposed to be like a Miami hotel and I just didn't get that vibe at all. It reminded me more of Atlantic City. Just mediocre considering the fact that this is the newest hotel on the strip. It's nice because it's brand new but in 5 years it will be just like every other so-so Hotel on the strip. I'd rather spend time at Venetian or Wynn.
2	It was an interesting hotel to stay at; however, I cannot recommend it since they are much better hotels in the Strip.  First, the parking lot elevator is still broken.  One would think that it would be fixed by now (~2 month since it first opened).  We stayed at the Story Tower.  Not only is the room small, but it has an interesting layout.  There is not much space to store your clothes.  As for the small refrigerator, it is useless.  It is completely packed with their stuffs leaving you no room to store any of your stuffs.  There is also mirror above the bed.  Kinky!!  As for the services, it is quite lacking.  One of our cards did not work.  They tried to fix it multiple time by reprogramming the existing card.  I tried asking for a new card, but they didn't want to give me a new card.  After three tries, I demanded a new card, and it worked.  About its location, it is quite up north from the main Strip.  I would recommended getting a car.  Considering that this is a 4 star hotel, it is quite disappointing.
3	I stayed here a couple of weekends ago and felt just OK about the place. The decor is Hollywood Glam and living in Southern California I was very familiar with the restaurants as I had eaten at a few before. My review is really for the room. Although I loved the cute glam style of pinks and silvers/grays and mirrors I was really disappointed in the size and the fact that there were no dressers to put your clothes in. I hate living out of a suitcase and hate having my crap all over the room when I travel.  Just one of those things for me, I guess. Otherwise, if you do not care about that and like the tight quarters then you will probably like this place. :)Oh and you don't get a top sheet on the bed, just the blanket. I prefer a sheet sometimes to cover up with instead of a blanket.Everything else was pretty great.
4	I was only in town for a night and wanted someplace clean and inexpensive to stay. The SLS was offering 20% off any room so we got a basic room and were fairly impressed. Although not extremely spacious, the rooms were very chic and contemporary. I love that the rooms are full of floor length mirrors, which makes the SLS perfect for a girls trip to Vegas. The hotel itself is new, so the inside was slightly less impressive. However, I must say that I really enjoyed breakfast at the Griddle Cafe..I think I will probably be back just for breakfast while in Vegas. We called the front desk because we wanted a toothbrush/toothpaste delivered to our room, and not only did they deliver it right away, but the front desk called just to make sure we actually received it okay. I love it here.The hotel, in my opinion, is far away from all the action happening on the middle and the south end of the strip, but it has tons of potential and is already off to a great start.
2	So my old lady and I stayed at the *4* star hotel.SLS is in a middle old north side strip- pretty ghettoSLS Sign and design looks like if AFFLICTION clothing line threw up a hotel.I stayed at the Story Tower and the room was very small and the design was horrible.The bed was in the middle of the small room. The sink was directly behind it and the shower and toilet on each side with sliding doors. If you used the mirror or sink and somebody wanted to go in the bathroom it might hit your head.They did not supply a plastic bag in the closet, wait there was no closet it was just a rack and two drawers. WORST: There was no ice machine on the floor. So to get ice you had to order ice from in-house dining and then tip the person for the ice. Also if you order more than 2 ice buckets they will charge you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Carpet was rough, mirror on the ceiling was cool then it got old , bed lights up, it seems trashy design akaService was nice, except for the front desk- they were not as nice as everybody else.Tables were good
4	We booked a room there for this past weekend. We stayed at the WT 19th floor the room is small but clean everything in that room is well put for a small room. Loved the large light up mirrors, restroom was ok clean and bright shower head was great. On our floor we did have a ice machine a few steps down. Checking in was easy I already new that we would have to go over to the other side to check in we got there at 3:30 was check in in less then 10min I was the 3rd person inline, so that was a good experience. We tried out there night club called life on sat it was so much fun I had a blast. I enjoyed the free photo booth plus they send your pic to your email. After the club we tried there personalize pizza and it was delicious. The only bad thing I would say is the distance from the strip every time we needed to use a taxi to drop us off at the middle of the strip costing us to10-12dollars pick up and drop off and don't think of walking it took us 30min to get back. So yeah long walk. That's it. I would book agin.
3	This review is based on the common areas of the hotel I have not stayed in this hotel and probably never will.... On to the review....Still reminds me of the Sahara hotel from parking lot to the casino. Got inside it was cheesy and looked old. They could have done a better job renovating this place but there is only so much you can renovate an old building. Kind of reminds me of the OLD Stardust hotel!Sorry but the new north is NOT the south!!!!
4	I booked this hotel room before the hotel had officially opened, and then I read the Yelp reviews a few weeks after the launch. It was a real mixed bag. So I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived at the SLS to an extremely welcoming reception desk. I forget the name of the guy who served us but he was super helpful and very friendly. From there, we went up to our room (in the world tower). The rooms were fab, and set out very well for those in town to party. Great bath products, lots of mirror space for doing your make up, a huge TV and comfy beds (if a little small, bear in mind these twin rooms are definitely only big enough for 2 people, or 4 VERY friendly people). As you'd expect from a new hotel, the rooms were immaculate and were kept clean for the duration of our three night stay. I note a lot of the bad reviews mention the hotel location (which is not right in the centre of the strip, it's a little further north). In response, it's really not a problem. This hotel is a) cool enough to hold its own with a great pool, clubs and a decent (if a little smaller than most) casino floor, and b) actually only about a 5 minute taxi ride from Caesars/Paris etc. That's 10 bucks people, even late night. So no, the location isn't an issue. One of my favorite things about this property (I've stayed in Vegas many times now), is the pool. It's medium sized, but I love the stripy "preppy" look of the place. The design is cool, and so are most of the people who were staying here. Cool, without being too showy. We met some great people here. As a bonus, you get to look up from the pool at people throwing themselves off the Stratosphere* as you sip on a cold beer. Not something you see every day! I will write reviews in due course for the specific clubs and restaurants we went to within the property. However, in a nutshell, I would totally stay at the SLS again, and would recommend it to friends.*Disclosure: bungee jumping.
4	We chose to stay here because it has the monorail right attached to the hotel and we were attending a trade show at the convention center. We had rooms in the world tower. This is a really trendy hotel. Not sure how long it will stay this way. First of all the staff is very kind and helpful. The design of the hotel is very modern. Might not be for everybody but I like it. It has the correct size although the breakfast place is way to small for the amount of people staying here. A couple of things we definitely did not like. Rooms are small which is OK. They're super modern but we missed a closet with doors and the room had no drawers whatsoever. I'm not really keen to present my underwear in "public". Drawers are a must. The entire place including lobby has carpet. Not only that the carpet gets dirty very quick it is also a pain in the buns to drag your suitcase over the carpet. I love that fact that you have to present your room key all day in order to access your tower elevator. I love the huge walk in shower with rainforest shower head. Over all it's very clean. I hope it will stay that way. Besides the few cons I can recommend coming here. The Monorail takes you down the strip in minutes.
3	I really want to love this hotel, but there's so much they need to learn and grow on compared to all the other hotels. First off, their decor is ON POINT. I love the style of everything in this hotel from their rooms to their pool and casino. BUT the quality of everything is so cheapy looking. It's like building a million dollar room...with Target or Wal-mart brand products. It does the job but if you look closely...it doesn't really cut it. That's just me being picky but you don't see Bellagio or Wynn half-assing their stuff. The service at the front desks are not as nice as I expected either. At the end of check in they tell you that they charge $300 per night as deposits just in case there are damages to the room...She said it so fast it was like those infomercials at the end that say things so fast they want you to miss it. When hearing this I asked her to say it once more so I know what's going on...she totally gave me huge attitude as if I'm already suppose to know this. Like excuse me....Oh and there are no ice machines in the hotel. You would think all the money you pay for this new and upcoming place...they would also have ice machines? It's such a hassle having to call down to request for ICE. And its not the quickest service either. You pretty much get ready for the club...want to pregame but wait...there's still no ice. And then you gotta repeat that every night cause ice MELTS. Duh. Oh and they'll charge after you request it twice so just do it once a night to save money people. I'm hesitant to stay here again just because of the location, but I wouldn't mind trying their other rooms. It's just the convenience of this place is at 3 stars. There's a lot of hit and misses here!
5	SLS is so modern and creative environment. It is very suitable for young person. Restaurant staff was nice and kind. I had a very good experience in there!
1	I am a local who received a complimentary room from SLS. Was very unsatisfied with my first visit, there was a fine print on the promotion that says "$150 credit card is needed for autorization". My first visit my credi card was authorized for about $321 using a complimentary room. Talked to couple of managers no one can explain why my card was authorized so much. So I contacted their corporate office, until now I haven't received any reply from them. I am very disappointed because they told me someone from corporate office will be contacting me, all I need is an explanation.My second stay was better, at least there was no over authorizing on the credit card.Just hoping that when customer was promised that the corporate office will take care of her and will contact her, please do so!
1	After posting my review a few weeks ago, I was immediately contacted on Yelp by Bree Lorentzen, an employee of SLS.   We ended up connecting on the phone a day or two later and went through ALL of the multiple random and incorrect charges by SLS.  She came to the conclusion they charged me too many resort fees.  She also discovered that while I booked all 3 rooms through Priceline, the hotel also charged me for rooms.  This has led to large sum of money being overpaid yet, to this dayI have had NO refund.  Not a single cent.  On top of that, no one has contacted me since my call with Bree to give me any update.  I called Bree back and learned that she has since moved departments but left my issue with someone to handle.  She said she'd follow up to ensure I got my refund, but again, it's been days with no call from anyone.  It's a shameful and embarrassing way to operate a business.  I would avoid this hotel at all costs because if you happen to be one of the many with issues, once they have your money, you are no longer a true concern of theirs. Do not risk what I'm dealing with by staying even one night here.
4	The hotel is much nicer despite of what some reviews would lead you to believe. There are ice machines ! It's a new medium sized sparkly property with a good size pool and cabana - love the bar - area. A smallish casino is surrounded by a couple of upscale restaurants as well as casual places to eat. We enjoyed happy hour in the beer garden and had wonderful hamburgers at Umami (try the truffle oil burger). Our room was well appointed (though no coffee maker) with a giant flat screen TV  and nicely decorated - love the mirrors - large bathroom - almost instant hot water in the shower, solid wall construction and nice linens made our stay very easy. Security felt very present but not ominous (the security staff wear plaid, so they're easy to spot).  I had occasional problems with wi-fi in the room. Everyone from the front desk, to the maintenance people were very friendly and attentive. We were also pleased to discover the monorail station directly behind (in front ? next to?) the Hotel. That was a super bonus. I can easily recommend this property. We had an excellent experience for sure.
4	Came in here for a 3 night stay since my client used my product on this remodel of what use to be the Sahara casino and hotel. I enjoyed the convenience of either valet parking at two different valet stations or self parking which had easy access to the rooms unlike the competition on the strip.  Checking in was effortless possibly BC it was a Monday afternoon.My room was located on the 19 floor, modern & Chic and the usage of border lit mirrors opened the room up. The bed was comfy and the bathroom contained  a shower that was glass enclosed with a high pressure rain forrest shower head. The room also had a safe for valuables and a fully stocked bar & snacks.I was able to experience dinning at two of the many eateries -once at the Unami Sports Bar & Beer Garden and several times for bfast at the Griddle Cafe. All of the three times were solid and convenient.  The hotel spa contains an adequate fitness center and is open 24 hours to work off all those excess calories you're bound to indulge in. The casino is on the smaller side, but I actually found it enjoyable since it is quaint and less congested. I was here to visit clients and usually avoid staying away from the strip but my stay at the SLS proved just the opposite and I would definitely return again in the future.
1	HAVE A SCHEDULE? DONT STAY HERE IF YOU NEED TO GET ANYWHERE ON TIME.Wish I could say better things about this place. About the only thing going for it is that it is new.If you're here for vacation and don't have to be anywhere at a certain time, you'd probably be fine.But if you're working and have a schedule to stick to, you're taking your chances.There are constantly LONG lines everywhere.i have been here 4 days now and still have not been able to have breakfast before having to be at work. There is 1 restaurant that has breakfast and there is consistently a 1+ hour wait. It is your only breakfast option. UNLESS you want to grab a croissant or yogurt to go from their coffee shop Perq. Of course, you're waiting an hour here to get even a simple cup of drip. A simple suggestion would be to have coffee thermoses so people could pour their own or have someone on staff acting as a "coffee back" (just there to pour coffee). But no. You must wait and wait and wait.Get room service you say? Not an option for breakfast. What hotel with room service doesn't provide breakfast???An issue with your room? Oh, there's a line at the front desk too. I've walked by mid week, weekend, 8am, 10pm and there is consistently a line of 10-20 people waiting to get help here.If all you care about is a pretty, new hotel, friendly staff (Once you can talk to them) this is your place. If you want service, you won't find it. At least not for many, many, many hours. Good luck.
5	Amazing food-huge portions so I recommend grabbing friends and sharing food so you can try all the good eats. The staff is very friendly. This is a MUST!Loved the Nutella inspired French toast and the shrimp omelette. Yum!
3	Hotel service needs a lot to be desired.  Cool vibe, but at all areas service was not up to Las Vegas standards.  Everything from the craziness that you can valet at the front of the hotel of you are staying here to the concierge who won't ticket your bags and stands there doing nothing while we wait 10 minutes for a bellman.   That have a lot of work to do.
3	I would say the casino floor was small and intimate. The hotel room however smelled of smoke. Also seems to be a lot of people around the hotel smoking pot as it smelled constantly of weed. The clubs here were great though. Actually a lot of girls good music and plenty of room
1	I would give this place zero stars! Nothing good has come of this place  and the club Life the managers of this club are beyond rude! My id was clipped cause of address change and was still valid.  Yet the bouncer had to take it and bend It in half  and throw it in my face as to previous night I got let in with no questions asked..... The management chain is threading very thin! I will be more then happy to spend my money somewhere else next weekend.
4	Contrary to other reviews, I did not have any problems with customer service at this hotel.  Stayed on a Thursday night just to check out the place.  Check-in was a breeze, there are security everywhere and service personnel seem friendly.  They actually say hello and ask how your stay is going.  Valet  took a while when I was picking up my car but it was not anything unbearable.The whole minimalist vibe is lovely.  I love the amenities in the bathroom, all the mirrors and the 60-in Samsung tv in the bedroom.  The casino floor is dark and has a very party atmosphere.  I can see this place catering to the 20-something LA crowd.  Their table games have lower limits than the big hotels south of here.  There are slot machines but could use a few more, like the fun aruze virtual blackjack, craps and roulette machines.  They always attract a crowd.Tried the buffet this weekend and it was okay.  It is weird to have the buffet up the escalator and down the hall of what looks like convention rooms but I got easily distracted by all the clocks on the walls telling you what time to cuddle and chat and eat, etc.  The buffet itself is small and had limited selection.  The food servings are kept small and warm, so you see freshly prepared dishes and no crusty pans.  Nothing stands out, good or bad.  If I was staying here and the other restaurants are busy, I wouldn't mind coming to the buffet.  But I would not venture to this hotel just for the buffet.Overall, this has the feel of a boutique hotel.  It's small, on the quieter part of the strip and does not offer a lot.  But it is on point with things it does offer.  I like that and will come back.
5	i have to give them 5 stars.  My room was comped, check in was easy, place was spotless clean, all VERY NEW, Casino was even new and not smokey.  I loved the modern rooms and very Miami Vice style of modern and sheek.   All employees were freindly, great places to eat.
5	I was hesitant to stay here because of the reviews and it ended up being a GREAT hotel. Seriously. I'm a huge Yelper and this place needs to be 4 stars for sure. We paid $150 (used hotels.com) a night which was half as much as every other hotel in the area. If you want a huge hotel on the strip, this place isn't for you. The sls is more boutique like and is near the very end of the strip. It was nice to not get lost in the place. Also, it's connected to the monorail which makes getting from the SLS to the strip or convention center VERY easy. And cheap. Check in was easy and the girl was very nice. The room is perfect for two, but probably not many more than that. The modern look is very cool, the mini bar is packed with LA crowd favorites, and the bathroom amenities were very high quality. The only window in the room is quite small, this is because the sls used to be the Saraha (old school). The pool opens at 9am and the staff there was very helpful about finding us a large space for prime tanning. They don't charge for some of the top "people watching and tanning spots" in the area which is good to know. However, cabanas do start at a minimum of $500, which is to be expected in Vegas. Drinks are $20 each and not that impressive. We brought in our own little vodka mix and they didn't say a word to us about it. The casino is smaller than most, but has all of the top games with a friendly staff. It was very clean and didn't smell like smoke at all.The food is AMAZING. They brought in the top LA restaurants and they didn't miss a beat. Great job on execution. We ate every meal in the hotel. Side note: yes it's expensive, it's Vegas. Stop by a CVS before you get to the hotel, grab alcohol and waters and save yourself some $. The cab line was short and always had taxis waiting. The bell boys were helpful too. The only part of the hotel I didn't see was the club, Foxtail. All in all, I would definitely tell a friend to stay at the SLS. I was a bit shocked by all the awful reviews. Maybe they worked out the kinks as of October 25, 2014. And for $150 a night? You can't beat this in Las Vegas. Loved it.
1	I must admit, walking into the hotel, the SLS is impressive. Althought the rooms are small the overall ambiance was chic.  With that said, I must also note the racial undertones I also noticed. While standing at the front desk, i noticed the video picture wall behind the desk ans all the pictures flashed across it. I also noticed the lack of diversity in those pictures, but what was disturbing to me is that they had pictures of bodies  with a framed head that included a monkey in that frame.When i turned to asked my companion what he thought of the depiction, i looked over his shoulder and saw "The Monkey Bar". I thouth that was suspect, but went on to my room.  Once in the room i pulled down the window shade and saw whatblooked like a skinhead rally depicted on the shade!! At this point i became extremely disturbed and uncomfortable. I went downstair to ask what the premise was for the decorations. There was an african american security guard standing in the lobby. I asked him about the decor, he said that he was told by management that "monkeys represent fun".Needless to say that didnt fly for me, I immediately contactef a friend who was planning to book the SLS for an upcoming New Year's  eve event and advised her of what i saw. We are now planning to spend New Years eve at the Wynn instead.Offended and disappointed.
1	2nd ReviewWhat a joke. If you see my first review you will notice in my last sentence or two I say I would only return if I got a comped room. Well as luck would have it yesterday I recieved a promotion in the mail for two free night any Sunday-Thursday now thru December 25th. So I say what the hell, I take a look at flights for next week and they are affordable, cool. Then I call SLS Casino Marketing to claim my complimentary room.....wrong. The nights I asked for next Wednesday and Thursday November 5-6 are not available, WTF??? I am online and can see they have rooms available so why can't I claim my promotion???I urge everyone to stay away from this place, it is the most poorly run hotel in Vegas. Look at all the other reviews it is one complaint after another.  Who sends out a promotion that say book two free rooms between now and december 25th then says the dates are not avaialbe??? Note I just recieved the promotion in the mail yesterday so it's not like it is an old promotion that filled up, I had the promotion for less than 24 hours before I called and tried to cliam my comped room.I would love to hear from the person  from SLS that is always commenting on these Yelp reviews and their excuse for why I could not claim my comped rooms......I am waiting.For everyone else, stay away from the SLS you have been warned.
1	I went to book a room online and after filling in all my credit card information they added a 25% resort fee after the fact. I immediately cancelled and would never stay here. it was false advertising to begin with.They showed the grand total being less until after credit card info was input and finalized.BAD BUSINESS PRACTICES!!!
4	Real Talk, Let's dispel the latest bs reviews 1.) For everyone who gave this hotel less than 3 stars, you're obviously upset that you lost some dough on the slots, get over it. 2.) Location on the strip: Ever heard of google maps? Probably should have checked that out before booking. Also there's a new program that just started recently...Taxis. 3.) Quality vs other casinos/hotels in the area:  Hmm I recall paying around $120/night and It was damn well worth every penny. Was it 5 star? No. Could anyone have easily gone down the street and paid triple at Mandarin for said level of luxury service, yes.  Champagne taste, beer money...heard of that? On with the Good1.) The Restaurants are FANTASTIC. I stayed for a week and had made reservations elsewhere prior to my arrival. Ended up canceling half of them. I would have eaten at CLEO every night of the week if my bf didn't insist we try something else. Hands down the BEST cocktails I've ever had. The service was on point, food was delectable, the waiter was like an old college buddy, just really personable and made the evening that much more enjoyable. 800 Degrees makes delicious custom order pizza and you can get two scoops of gelato for $3, score!The Griddle Cafe, has amazing French Press coffee and the best (yes that's getting redundant but its true) Juevos Rancheros,called Tequila Sunrise on their menu, I've ever had. EVER While I didn't try Bazaar Meat, I did frequent Jose Andres other restaurant Jaleo and the food was delish. I'll be sure to try it next time I'm there.Umami..just try it. Burgers, beer, betting,yes please. Chill ass outside bar seating overlooking the strip.  Also excited for Beach Life to open!2.) I just have to say as an ex-smoker, I can't stand the smell of it. Not a hint of ashy death at this place. The Hotel smells divine..seriously I wish I could bottle it and spray my home with the scent. Im assuming it's a mixture of some powerful air filtration system and hidden fragrance machines, also the pastry aroma lingering around The Perq.  To Die For.3.) The staff was always friendly and accommodating. Nice having security near the elevators checking for key cards as well. 4.) Chair hogs are my biggest hotel pool pet peeve. There wasn't an abandoned towel in sight. Nice bar in the center and plenty of lounges/cabanas. 5.) Last but not least..the decor : Ugh stunning, I mean really beautiful designs from the casino to the restaurants and bars, shops and rooms. I loved everything about it. The bathroom has an amazing shower, ample closet space with adorable pink hangers, full size ironing board, 6 drawers, separate water closet, the bed was so f-ing comfortable, i have back issues and this was like sleeping on a cloud. yes a cloud.    For the money SLS is amazing, if you don't mind being further down the strip, or have heard of taxis/rental cars, you're in for a real treat. Don't listen to the pretentious idiots inflated by their own yelp egos. I have a feeling this'll become the new place to be.
2	Hotel review:Upon arriving to our room we were highly disappointed. The rooms were small, our glassware still had lipstick marks and the coaster was still wet. We called down to the front desk and got hung up on twice. After requesting new glasses and waiting about an hour they never came. The bathrooms were cheaply restored in fact the whole room looks like a college dorm. There are no closets or drawer space so if you are visiting for several days you may be living out of your suitcase. The room service also was not detail oriented. They didn't replace used items in the room. For $200 a night NOT worth it at all, you are better off at the Bellagio or Wynn. Casino & Restaurants: this is where they spent the money. $5 and $10 minimum tables were great. The Center Bar had an amazing bar tender that made the greatest Margarita on the Rocks. We are The Griddle Cafe and although they said a wait of 45 minutes it was much less. The service at the cafe was great even with it being packed and the food was delicious. You get a lot for your money and huge portions. I've also heard great reviews on the steak house although we didn't eat there during our visit. The security at the hotel was also on top of things, checking IDs and room keys and making sure everything on the floor was in order.
5	Have to admit I had a very pleasant stay. The room was a bit smaller then I originally thought. But for the price as well as their service I would stay here again. Albert at check in did a great job and I was glad he worked with us.
5	The SLS was one of the best hotel experiences I ever had. The hotel and casino are beautiful. I love the quirky details and the boutique-like atmosphere (all the Fred Segal stores were a treat). My room was gorgeous- I loved the decor; and after coming back each night during our stay, the room was cleaned and looked spotless. The cleaning service is detailed-orientated, arranging the room with immaculate organization. I had the best customer service from everyone- the front desk staff, the bartender at Monkey Bar, the doormen, the maids, the valet, etc. Everyone greeted me with a smile and a "Good Morning/Afternoon/Evening."I will be staying here again and will recommend the SLS to all my friends coming to Vegas.
1	One star is one too many. Gave SLS a second chance only to further be disappointed. Upon arrival, I let them know about my less than satisfying stay during Labor Day and was given a beautiful upgraded suite, which was amazing! Although the TV still did not work, lol. The staff still hasn't figured it out though... Called for a humidifier and was told that the hotel did not have any, but that I can go buy one and have their currier service go pick it up... Next day a different person working at the front desk says "Of course we have them!" Had dinner at Cleo with a group of 8 people. Our food was cleared from the table before some were finished with their dishes. My friend's drink had visibly rotten fruit in it. We asked the server to surprise our friend with a dessert for her birthday, but got the check instead. The manager did try to help and make up for it, but we were all ready to leave by then. I guess the cherry on top this time around was the fact that my necklace (white gold with diamonds) was stolen from my room. Saturday morning, a housekeeping woman came into my room and we politely said that we did not want any housekeeping. A few hours later we got ready to leave the room and since we said we didn't want any housekeeping, we left our personal belongings out (my necklace, an expensive handbag with credit cards etc, iPad). Upon arrival, we see the room is clean and my necklace is missing. Hotel security came up and took a report, but pretty much said that this is "typical" in Vegas and that they will run an investigation through "risk management"... Meanwhile, it's been two days and I still haven't heard from the hotel. I asked to speak to a hotel manager upon checking out and told her the story... She then asked me if I had told the housekeeping supervisor or anyone else that I didn't want housekeeping before leaving my stuff out... Since when are you supposed to notify 6 people you don't want housekeeping?! Is one time not enough??Very disappointed with the service at this hotel. Good luck to them and the people who decide to stay here.
1	This hotel was terrible from start to finish! I normally always stay at Encore or the Wynn when I go to Vegas. However, this trip I decided to stay at the brand new SLS due to loving the one in LA and Miami and the price was about $100 less than Encore. Let me start by saying the standards of this hotel are nothing like the one in LA or Miami. From the very beginning the valet put a bad taste in our mouth. They did not even help 2 girls get their luggage from the trunk of the cab.  The entire staff is rude and unhelpful. The second day (friday) my girlfriend was sick and could not leave our room. So I went downstairs to the griddle to order food to take us to the room, the hostess told me they do not do orders to go on Fridays. I told her ok I will sit down and order to food but I would like to have in a to go box because she could not leave the room. I had to ask for the manager just to be able to order some food....  Like everyone else has mentioned, the hotel was not fully remodeled just patched over with new wall paper. The elevator system was poor you never know which elevator opens and it is old. The hotel is so far from everything on the strip. I will say there is alot of food options but nothing is healthy. The crowd is terrible and low class, I actually had a hooker in the same elevator as me. The rooms are tiny and the  walls are paper thin so you can hear everything people are saying to you next door. God forbid you take a shower, the whole room becomes a sauna hot and humid, there is no ventilation. We heard good things about the nightclub but our experience at the hotel was so awful we did not even give it a shot. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for an experience like the one in LA or Miami. Very disappointed
2	Ok. So I understand that the SLS just opened 2 months ago. And i know they're going to be working on some kinks. But I've stayed at many hotels in Vegas, and I've never experienced so many things go wrong with my trip. (and for the person who wrote that anyone giving this hotel less than 3 stars was bitter about losing money - that is NOT true. I won lots of money, and am STILL left with a bitter taste in my mouth)Here are some of the things that happened:1) first room they gave us smelled like sewers. Even the bell man bringing up the luggage mentioned it. The hotel was quick about changing the room to another one. 2) I asked for a non-smoking floor. The hallway of the whole floor was filled with cigarette smoke and there was even a report filed by security for it. I called the front desk and asked for a humidifier for my room. I was told (5 times) that the hotel didn't have humidifiers, which I could not believe because all the hotels I've stayed at on the strip have humidifiers. I was told there was nothing the hotel can do for me. 3) After 24 hours of not being able to breathe, I complained again for a humidifier. This time, the person said they had them. Seriously?!4) I called up for towels at 7:15 pm. After 2 follow-up calls and 3.5 hours later, the towels had still not arrived. I called again, and the person pretended like I had JUST put in the order. I had to have them listen to the conversation from 3 hours before to make them realize that I had asked for it earlier. 3.5 hours for towels? Seriously?!5) Had dinner at Cleo for a birthday. I not only told the person at the front of the restaurant to surprise the bday girl with dessert, but I whispered it to the waiter as well and told him it was a surprise. Not only did the waiter ruin the surprise, but he brought the bill without bringing the dessert.  ---- This wasn't even the biggest issue at dinner. Not only did the waiter take my food away (which was only half-eaten) without asking me if I was done, but there was an extremely moldy berry in my friend's drink.  6) TV wasn't working for a few hours. Which was rather annoying.I do have one positive thing to say - the employees were nice. But other than that, there is some MAJOR miscommunication among the staff of this hotel. The employees obviously are not well-trained yet. I really hope the hotel gets its act together because it is a shame to see it not do well.Anna at front desk was a doll. She was the best part of the trip. Thanks Anna!
2	Trying to do more with less. That sums up the SLS. The whole experience feels contrived. I was in town for 3 weeks for various expo events. My girlfriend decided to visit me over Halloween weekend. We stayed at Mandalay Bay on Friday and the SLS Saturday. Our experience at Mandalay was great as always but for some reason rates were insane for the night after Halloween, not the actual holiday. I was able to book a "suite" at the SLS for the cost of a king at Mandalay. SLS is at the Northernmost part of the strip. Casino enters from Las Vegas blvd. and main entrance is in the back off of Paradise. Past Circus Circus, Riviera and opposite Stratosphere. SLS is the old Sahara property. It is not walking distance from anything other than the Convention Center and Westgate (Las Vegas Hilton).Check in:Valet is a mess. Half of the garage is for valet and the other is for self park. But there are 2 valet in and 1valet out with no one directing traffic or telling other vehicles how far to move. Valet pick up area is narrow and awkward. Two benches and the area is cluttered with trash cans. Obnoxious if there is 15+ people waiting for their cars. There are several guest registration desks with dividers to funnel the guests to their respective counter. It didn't happen to me but I noticed a few times that the staff wouldn't immediately take the next person in their line. Rather, they'd take the next person from any of the lines that they thought was waiting the longest. It was frustrating to those next in their line. This is a poor system because it irritates guests and levies no accountability for the employees to work at a more efficient pace. But we were registered in a timely manner.Room:Rate was reasonable for a "suite." This will probably change after they've promoted for a bit. Bathroom is nice; dual head shower was relaxing and the bath products were fantastic. Lots of storage space and private restroom. The 60" TV was nice and their cable system is better than most. But as far as the living space? Meh. Standard King rooms at Mandalay, Cosmo and PH are all just as large without the suite premium. Hotel:Plenty to do. I didn't feel like I overpaid for anything at Perq, the coffee house or Monkey Bar. The noodle place looked good and there are the obligatory designer shops that all of the new Vegas resorts want to shove down our throats. I like the design of the elevators and the concept of different themed rooms for each of the three towers is pretty cool. We were in the Lux tower. The whole place smells like new carpet and laminating chemicals though. That goes for the hallways leading to the rooms, the main lobby, the upper level with the buffet. I liked the FedEx center that is open to hotel guests 24/7. The gym is excellent. I was very impressed. Brand new equipment, very clean, fresh ice water. The buffet is great but that's a separate review. The hotel uses the old Sahara infrastructure though. Nothing was done to repurpose the square footage. Some areas of the hotel feel cluttered and others feel barren. The upper lobby is just the buffet and FedEx center. Talk about wasted space. They have someone at the escalator to signal the buffet is upstairs and that no, you're not lost. And the old red branded Sahara carpet is still everywhere in the lobby and casino. The casino:I actually really like the casino theme. The lighting is perfect and contrasts the bright lights of the slots exceptionally well. They have a wide variety of games but a modest quantity. They've moved away from the worn out video poker and diamond style slots and have more of the engaging arcade style. Obviously trying to appeal to a younger crowd. The table dealers are all dressed in suits cohering to the hotel scheme. The BAD:The gym and spa share the same level in the Lux tower. We had our workout and walked in the restroom to clean up. Went into the steam room for one minute and a spa employee comes and rips me out yelling how it was for spa customers only. Most gyms have steam rooms so how am I to know? It's patronizing to the person and frustrating to the people paying the $ being disturbed.The nail in the coffin for me was the sports book. What a F'ing disaster. This is where management really needs to take notice. We checked out and rushed downstairs to place bets before Kickoff. I shell out $1000 on bets. I try to sit and see that every table has a reserved tag. I ask the host and she says there is a $50 food/drink minimum for 3 hours and another $50 for the next 3 hours. $100 just to watch even though I have bets? I ask her about comp drinks and she looks at me like I'm crazy. $1000 to the house and no comp drinks? Inexcusable. For that reason alone I'll never stay here again until they figure that out. Don't force a restaurant on betters. With Westgate across the street, best sports book in town, be on notice. You're hemorrhaging money treating your players like that when a better product is 5 minutes away.
4	For the most part it's a casino!  I don't gamble, but they have a few places to eat that look interesting.We went for the buffet, so we had to get there card, so we could get 2 for the price of 1.So, the service to get the card was good.  There was a girl, that had a portable device to sign up people that were in line for that.  So it made the line go faster.
4	I was comped here for a weekend, and brought the boys with me.Attentive waitresses at the tables, and @ 2 in the morning when they weren't around the tables, mgmt were kind to hand us several drink coupons to remedy our hangovers the morning after.  Chill pool area and good restaurants.  Missing 5th star due to not having a free shuttle service to center of the strip like @ the Trump.
3	The SLS is a newest casino in Las Vegas. It is the refinished Sahara Casino. Overall the place is different - it is a boutique hotel concept that has been brought to Las Vegas, we paid $139 for the room in the World Tower, the room was clean and a fairly decent size for two people. Unlike some of the mega resorts in Las Vegas which can be difficult to navigate, the SLS is well contained and simple - the casino is of moderate size, $5 craps tables a plus and the night clubs are located across the casino. Overall I'd give the SLS 3 stars and likely 4 stars, if you are on a budget and do not have access to comps at some of the other casinos. It is located at the northern end of the strip so it can be hard to get to, second on the surface, it seems the refurnishing job at the property was lousy.
5	This place is AWSOME. We had the Steamed Dumplings, Wonton Soup and Coconut Shaved ice. The staff here all work in sync and have wonderful fun personalities. I highly recommend Ku Noodles
5	As a Las Vegas local, I LOVE this hotel. It is so accessible. You don't have to deal with the over crowded side show that is the Las Vegas strip.The other thing that I love about it is that it's a smaller hotel. If I make a plan to meet someone here, I can actually find them. A girl can also survive a night in a most uncomfortable pair of. shoes. We know that fashion is always more importable than comfort. Now you can have both.The restaurants will provide you with meals and libations worthy of your last meal on earth, while the staff will treat you like royalty. At Bazaar Meat and Katsuya- they actually great me by name. They remember, because they care. Cleo is also magical, I've only been there once, but I will be going back- ALOT! The prices are very reasonable and the staff was so knowledgable and they really cared about my dining experience. I also love the griddle cafe- best bacon ever. EVER.You can see my reviews about the individual restaurants on their yelp pages.The design is warm, modern and has a sense of humor. It's a happy and very friendly place.I've spent the night there - a staycation! They way the room was lit was really cool, the light is generated from behind the mirrors. With plenty of lamps as well to set what ever mood you want.The TV menu was easy to use and had all the restaurant menus on there. You can surf all the food porn before you go eat.How was the bed, you ask?IT WAS THE MOST COMFORTABLE THING MY BODY EVER TOUCHED- ESPECIALLY THE PILLOWS.OMG. I normally have to ask for extra pillows, but there were like clouds dropped from the heavens. If they are available to purchase, I will OH P,EASE GOD LET THEM BE I NEED JUST ONE KING SIZE CLOUD- I mean PILLOW.The last time I had friends in town, I don't want to name names, but this hotel starts with C and rhymes with frogsmapolitan , we had reservations for Rose.Rabbit.Lie. And I had read about a locals promotion as well. We walk up to the counter I asked about the promotion, four people standing there had no idea what I was talking about. They then looked us up and down and they told us that they would not let us in because of our shoes.THAT JUDGMENTAL BEHAVIOR WOULD NEVER HAPPEN HERE.Style, luxury' service. They want to make you happy.Follow the SLS on facebook or instagram, they have amazing promotions for locals only- like they have been doing 50% off at their restaurants on Sunday nights- a different one every Sunday. That is a like the greatest present ever- unlike socks and underpants on Christmas.This place is a foodies dream, as well as any person who likes to be cared for and feel special.Oh, and the last thing-It smells soooooo good when you walk in, like freshness, warmth and something new and indescribable.I love you, SLS .
1	What the hell is going on with this place. Was so excited for it to open up as a local. Terrible service everywhere, wayyyy over priced, glasses are dirty at the bar. If you're gonna promote a high end/sheik place, act like it. Honestly, stay at the tropicana or the west gate for much better service and prices.
4	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #18:brand new and super-cool; rising from the ashes of the Sahara, there has been so much thought & artistic touches put into this place; the wall art is really interesting, and even the carpeting is cool in many spots; love the creepy monkey theme as well; exposed ceiling piping and lighting give the place a very modern & industrial feel; even the hotel check-in area is eye-catching; this is the place I'm going to take out-of-town visitors as a counterpoint to the more traditional/commercial Strip casinos; the restaurants are cool, especially the wide open plan of Bazaar Meat; even the 2nd floor buffet room is different & inviting; be sure to check out the 2nd floor photo gallery & clocks theme; Umami Burger includes the world's smallest sports book; best craft beer bet = it's clearly the outdoor "beer garden" area of Umami, but quite frankly I was a bit disappointed with their selection (no American craft dark beers at all - wha?)
4	Very modern and eye catching hotel.  Love the decor and lobby area. The rooms seems a bit nicer in the ohotis. Little smaller than thought.
5	WHO KNEW I could call this hotel from LA to get help for a client staying there for Soultrain Music Awards? Had a client wardrobe malfunction, called (again from LA) and spoke to Heather Williams about sending housekeeping up with some shears (surely someone knows how to use them right?). She checks on it and calls me back in less than 5 with a seamstress on her way to the room. BOOM! Love her! She totally listened to me ramble on about how important snipping these stitches were. Never stayed at the SLS but when I get to Vegas pls know it was Bc of the customer service (to a non customer FOR a customer) that will get my future business. That was above and beyond and I respect the efforts. Now my client can walk the red carpet and accept her award at ease ( and I didn't have to be there). Thank you :)
3	Do you Pine for Trendy 40 yr old European guys in Short Shorts?How about collared black shirts with sequined designs on the back?               If so SLS Las Vegas is your Place! The Interior design looks like Ed Hardy and the Lead designer of Affliction Clothing got together in an IKEA for a bukkake party, while a group of Persians cheered them on. All the employees were pleasurable and helpful and the restaurants were all above average. As far as the rooms, they are small and the decor is well (See Above), but they are clean and the beds comfortable. The mirror on the ceiling adds a nice touch especially if your the type of male that likes to stare deeply into your own eyes all the while trying to remember if you packed all your tanning oils and facial products, as this looks like the exact type of client SLS is going for.Overall an ok experience 3 stars
1	Ku Noodle, I'm at the SLS Hotel for an conference for two weeks which started 11-3 and runs through 11-14-14. My colleagues and I decided to eat at Ku Noodle for lunch. When we ordered we let the waitress know that we had to leave in 45 minutes to head back to the conference. The waitress said no problem. When we had about 10 minuets until we were done, we asked the waitress for our bill and she said ok. After finishing lunch we started to get worried because we would get in trouble if we were late getting back to the conference because it could delay the afternoon session.  We then asked one of the busboys if he would please let our waitress know we were going to run late if we didn't get the check and he said he would let her know right away. We then observed the busboy stopping at every table, 4 to be exact, and he had a conversation at every table completely disregarding our request. We would like to add that we were very polite. I then asked my colleagues to get up and head for the cashier to see if she could ring us out. We found the waitress talking to someone and when she saw us she did say sorry, but she hadn't even started to ring us out at all. Yes some of us were late getting back to the conference. Now for the food. We all decided to order separate dishes and share all of our food. There were six of us and we all only liked one noodle dish a little bit. We did not like any of the other dishes. Most of us thought the dishes were very bland and didn't taste good at all. We do not recommend Ku Noodle food or service at the SLS Hotel at all. Thank you for your attention to this matter.
5	I had a GREAT STAY. Please don't judge all the yelp reviews.  Before you book, please note that this is part of SBE from Los Angeles. They are known for their nightclubs, lounges, nightlife, and restaurants. They are opening up international with the SLS hotels and also with their Katsuya Susi brand restaurant.The CEO and co founder is a genius and he knows exactly where to open up his establishments and bring the area to life.  As a native LA resident in the past 10 years have been to all the establishments, stayed at SLS Beverly Hills, and SLS Miami. The SLS Las Vegas is gorgeous. This was the old Sahara Hotel. They still left the feel of Old Hollywood in the Hotel. I stayed in the World Tower, and it was a bit small, please note that these were the OLD Sahara rooms, that were modernized and re designed. The Foxtail Pool is beautiful, peaceful and Roomy! Very open space.  I went to the Umami Burger Beer Garden and Sports Bar. THE BEST SPORTS BAR IN VEGAS.  So many TV Screens and was able to watch 3 Football games at once.  This was the best part of my stay.Another good part of the Hotel is the clubs. As a Hotel Guest you have VIP admission no cover to go into LIFE, Sayers Club and Foxtail.  During my stay did one night at LIFE.  Please note that Steve Agnello from Swedish House Mafia has residency here at the SLS. He will no longer be at the Wynn/Encore.  Another night went to Sayers Club which is a lounge and they play LIVE music.  There is NO place in Vegas that place Live music.  This is actually part owned by Lenny Kravitz.Another good part of the Hotel is the Restaurants.  Went to the Buffet and it was amazing.  SLS has the BEST CHEFS ever in their establishments.  It is quality. People say it is pricey, but you are paying for Quality.  Went to the Griddle that is not owned by the Hotel, it is a Los Angeles based breakfast establishment that ALWAYS ALWAYS has a line. BEST pancakes ever!!!!! Open from 11pm to the next day at 4pm.  YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE.Another place is the world Famous KATSUYA Sushi bar.  CLEO's that has the BEST mediterean tapas style food.  They have one in LA and it the best to die for food.Of course then you have the world famous Chef Jose Andres with his Baazar and the food is amazing!!!Overall I was impressed with how much work and design was put into the SLS Hotel. I was amazed and it felt like a boutique Hotel.Also the Drinks at the Clubs, the bars, the Monkey Bar is amazing!!!! They are pricey average anywhere from 12.00- 20.00 a cocktail.  YOU ARE PAYING FOR QUALITY.The company SBE puts alot of effort, research and heart into their venues.  I DO NOT WORK for them. I live in Los Angeles and they are the nightlife of Los Angeles and have a great reputation of excellent service.  I stayed here for 3 days and had a great time, it was a change from the main strip, because its more calm as in traffic from the main area of the strip. It is a Hotel to be away from the crazy part of the strip and its more private.
1	This hotel has got to be the worst I've ever visited in Vegas! Elevators take FOREVER & people kept complaining as well. Small rooms, double beds are twin sizes. Im 5'4 & my feet nearly touches the edge.Bottom line, you dont want to experience this..Checked out on Sunday to transfer to MGM.Even with all the trouble of packing & unpacking again, we didn't mind!
5	Ok after the Cosmopolitan opened it was my favorite Hotel & Casino to visit on the strip well I think the SLS may be giving it some competition on my visits. It's not as huge or glitzy like the Cosmo but it hip and modern in it's own way. I signed up for the players card and you get a free spin to try to win up $5000 in credit on your players card well i got $6 lol which was in between $2500 and $500 lol. Staff was very nice and greeted you. Hopefully i may stay here one day but i'll def be back to visit when i do my Vegas strip run.
5	Despite negative reviews, I chose to stay here for a weekend and I'M VERRRRY HAPPY I DID.  No issues with Valet, check-in was a breeze and I get Hilton points for staying here, I also received complimentary VIP tickets to the LIFE club and The Sayers Club - both worth a visit!  Hotel decor, cool / trendy / clean, my room was great with a view and awesome light up floor to ceiling mirrors on both walls (great for Glam time!), overall very happy with the room and the furniture.  The Griddle Cafe is here (mind blown!) lol This is my fav breakfast spot back home in Hollywood and was ecstatic to see it here too!  Also received free drink comps at the Monkey Bar in the lobby area.  I would stay here again and recommend it to friends.
1	The WORST experience I have ever had in Vegas.  30 years of coming to the SEMA show and staying for a week... I have never been treated worse or stayed in lower quality rooms.  First, it took us 3 rooms to even be in one that was livable.  And it was barely at that.  Shoebox rooms with cement ceilings, tiny beds, no space, no real closet, no drawers..are you kidding me?  The room I booked online was a suite.  When we got there they told us they would "Upgrade" us to a smaller room in the Story Tower.  This one didn't even have a bathroom.  And who on the planet considers that decoration? The mirrors on the ceiling give you that creepy feeling that if you were two men romping for a one night stand this was your place.  As a married mom and business woman, I was disgusted.Furthermore, after coming back from a long day at the Las Vegas Convention Center on Tuesday night, I walk in to find the maid had set her bottle of chemical cleaner on top of my black work clothing that were folded on top of a shelf because of not having a closet.  I immediately realized that something distracted her and that is why she forgot her chemicals.  I opened the drawer which is tiny and houses a safe... I had squeezed my underwear and socks around it just so they could be somewhere.  Sure enough, my 4 brand new pairs of black $36 panties from Nordstrom that had just been delivered before I left home had been stolen.  I was in room 22417 and this was Tuesday November 4th in the Lux Tower.  Whoever cleaned our room on that day stole my panties and who even knows what else.When we tried to change rooms they kept telling us they were sending up a bellman.  Considering we were there for work we had a ton of boxes.  3 hours later my husband made 4 trips and carried them all himself with zero help from the hotel.  The food was less than average.  Definitely don't ask for any special requests because they completely ignore that and deliver exactly as the menu states.  In fact, just eat somewhere else if you want a decent meal.Even more in fact, just stay somewhere else.  If you are a normal, hard working average person who goes to Vegas to have a beautiful room and lovely experience like the Encore, Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn, Palazzo etc... don't even think of booking here.  Save yourself the trouble and heartache.  Apparently the hotel does not care about refunding the money that was stolen from me by the housekeeper or the damage caused to my work clothing by her reckless placing of a chemical cleaning bottle.  FAIL SLS Las Vegas.... FAIL!!!!!!!
1	I am familiar with the SLS in LA and I was curious to see this location.  I typically enjoy other SBE Venues and was hoping this one would be the same.  Im all about the experience of a venue personally and my experience started poorly from the check in.  It took me 30 minutes just to check in, the front desk was fully staffed, but kept having tech issues as I kept hearing them say.  Nonetheless I was patient and this was not a deal breaker.  The experience got worse after I checked in and then I had to wait in line another 20 minutes at the World Tower Elevator bank.  For some reason the elevators stop on multiple floors without being called, I don't understand what the problem is, but clearly there are some kinks here to be worked out.  This elevator issue continued throughout the stay here and sadly became the joke of every elevator ride as other hotel guests were experiencing the same issue.  After almost of hour of waiting after arriving at the hotel, I get to the room, where I was impressed.  The bed looked a little undersized (Not a King Size as booked), but no big deal.  The room and vibe of the room was very cool, very modern and the light up mirrors are pretty cool.  This being the type of place that it is, it really needs some sort of additional security on the floors.  I know this is a trendy place the people coming home late from clubs (Including myself) is common, but the noise level here is atrocious.  My girlfriend and I got back at 3 AM and didn't sleep a lick due to the amount of noise from the hallway and even outside.  Cars revving engines excessively, drunk people being loud and bumping up against the walls and the doors, etc.  This was pretty bad.  This was the hotel side of the place as well, so it wasn't like we were facing the main street.  So after not sleeping well, I decided to use my F&B Credit to order breakfast and even this was bad as the Menu on the TV was not working.  I had to call down and have the person on the phone read off the menu.  My Girlfriend got the breakfast wrap and I got the basic oatmeal with a side of fruit and water (at 78$ breakfast), the price was surprising, but not a deal breaker.  The deal breaker for me as leaving my hotel room and finding a bucket of throw up in the middle of the hallway.  I proceeded to push it with my feet to where the cleaning person was making her way down the hallway, because the smell was terrible.  The funny thing is SHE MOVED IT RIGHT BACK, REALLY???
4	I enjoyed our stay at the SLS. The hotel/casino is very swanky - reminded me of the W Hotels. My first visit was only to check it out and play a little. I won on the slots and played a little Pai Gow - all the dealers were really friendly. We were comped a couple of buffets so we enjoyed dinner as well. Buffet had a good selection - a little bit of everything with an excellent assortment of desserts. Our second visit we stayed in the World Tower. Our room had two double beds - which were small - because they're DOUBLE beds. But it made for some closer nighttime snuggles so we didnt mind. The room are nicely decorated - everything was white and looked really clean. The only problem was at check in - there was a huge line to get checked in and only 3-4 agents assisting. So it seemed like it took a long time to get squared away however once it was our turn - we had rooms keys within minutes. So not too bad overall. They should just consider adding some backup help to alleviate the lines during high rush times. The last thing you want to do after traveling all day is to wait in line for your hotel room. Overall our stay was nice. The casino was cool (kinda quiet for my taste). The buffet was good. And the staff was friendly and helpful.
1	Elevator system is a nightmare.Their payment system also sucks really bad and managed to take my deposit on top of the full cost of the 2 night stay. It takes accounting nearly 3 days to correct this mistake (still waiting after 1).I would never book a room at this hotel again.
3	Interesting casino, I guess this is the new style of Casino's in Las Vegas. Reminds me of LA for sure. Hipster casino. Theres a few cool restaurants I want to check out and the place is very nice and clean. As for the Beer Selection... ehh.. 3/5.. if you want to try japanese frozen beer check out the beer garden. Really though its just frosty broth on top of light beer. Get a craft beer, they had some bruery stuff on bottles. Tap looked wack.. lol
2	I really REALLY wanted to love this place.  I've stayed at almost every hotel in Vegas, so I'm fairly in touch with the hospitality situation there.  This hotel was very hit and miss.  It seems like it was rushed, without much thought to design and detail.  Here are the highs and lows:PROS:-Very attentive and friendly staff at the front desk-The Griddle is the best breakfast in town-The main casino bar is flanked by an amazing LED screen-Plastic bed lights up... VERY cool!CONS-Location: not near anything-I requested a non-down comforter three times over the course of two days and it never showed up.-Main casino bar is small and always mobbed and nowhere to sit.-Rooms are industrial-chic, and feel that way.  Cold, charmless.-The sink, bathroom and shower use sliding doors to access, a sloppy design.-The Griddle line is already insane (20 mins every morning minimum): once word gets out about this place, forget it.-Bar by reception closed at midnight. REALLY?-Pool scene is weakI cannot recommend this hotel and don't quite understand why anyone would want to stay here when there are so many better hotels on the strip for the same or lesser price.
2	Just as the star rating says, meh... the rooms were nice, but nothing new and exciting that i haven't experienced. i think the pictures on the website do a good job of getting the customer in the door. i thought the arrival experience was COMPLETELY underwhelming. we drove up to the casino entrance which was grand and had this cool space looking statue at the round a bout, and they directed us to the front of the hotel, where guest registration was.... and that entrance was lame. also, the pool is not every exciting. the restaurants are really amazing and yummy! probably the best thing that is going for this hotel! sleep somewhere else, but dine here!
3	THEY CHARGE 150$ PER NIGHT you stay for incidentals. We booked 4 nights, they wanted an additional 600$ for the incidental deposit. After about 30 minutes of arguing, we got them down to 300$. No offense, but this isn't the Cosmo or Bellagio. WIFI SUCKS!! We arrived at 9am, so them allowing us to check in so early was awesome. The rooms are very different. We stayed in the world tower. Two HUGE mirrors on each side of the room that light up. The 360 sq ft room feels a lot bigger. The bed is soooo comfortable. The pillows are also available to purchase, which im going to do once we leave. (Still here) the bathrooms have horrible lighting (for girls who love makeup) but in the room, the mirrors I mentioned are the BEST lighting I've come across in any hotel for makeup. We paid 69$ per night. Total of 430. Including resort fees and all that nonsense. 69$ for this room is WELL WORTH the the $.  You seriously need to put up a fight about the incidental charge. That's ridiculously high, (bf is from here, I lived here 3 years previously) most hotels now accept CASH 100$ and that's it. This was supposed to be 600$ on card and TWO WEEKS to return it to you. The guy next to us was also pissed. It's probably why the lines take so long while checking in, people FLIP once they are told this. We told them we would just leave is they wouldn't lower it. Not to brag (seriously) but 600$ for us Isnt a big deal it was the principle. We specifically use a pre paid debit card for hotel deposits so they can't charge us more sneakily. We only loaded 100$ onto the card. We really would have left if they said no to 100$ on card and rest cash. They ended up just wanting 300$ cash, makes no sense but whatever. 300$ is more acceptable. 3 stars for the ridiculous deposit amount. When this changes to a NORMAL amount, 4 stars from me.
2	This place is most definitely meh. Maybe it's just still working out all the kinks? Maybe I just went at the worst time possible?Almost none of the table games were open. None of the restaurants were open, despite their posted hours saying they should be open. All of the bars / clubs were closed entirely for private events. The parking garage had signs saying it would be closed at 7:00am and all cars would be towed.It all just seemed like a total disaster. And it's a surprisingly very small casino.The rooms were ok. The TV was the nicest part. Definitely seemed overpriced for what you got. It reminded me of the renovated rooms in the downtown casinos. But, of course, the price tag was not like those downtown rooms.All in all, I would not be inclined to return here.
4	This review is for the hotel itself, not the casino, nightlife, or restaurants. I stayed here for Halloween weekend. It was very, very busy. The check in was much easier than the checkout. It appeared that many people had problems with their bills. The hotel is actually a couple of blocks from the Stratosphere. Although it is far down the strip, the monorail stop leads to the doors of the SLS hotels. I thought that was nice!I stayed in a World Superior King and it looked just like the picture on the website. I thought the room was a decent size (despite previous reviews). I loved the room, I just wish they had blackout curtains. Even with the shade drawn light seeps through. The mini bar is ridiculously priced, and there is no coffee maker, fridge. I know it is Vegas, but that would have made the room better.SLS has complimentary WI-FI but it was HORRIBLE! They do charge $150 per night on your credit card (I knew ahead of time because of the reviews) I thought that was a bit much especially because the hotel is not that upscale. If you can use a CREDIT CARD and not a debit card, the funds were immediately released back to my credit card.
1	Planned a trip to Vegas for our 20th wedding anniversary and selected the SLS as it was advertised as the new "Trendy" hotel on the strip.  Knowing in advance that our flight was not due in until 11 PM or so, I called the hotel several days prior as to note our file with a late arrival. We arrived to the hotel close to midnight, checked in, and went up to our room. When we got into our room, realized that is was not the style of room we booked.  The room was a "Story King", not the "World King" we booked. The world king is a more a traditional room whereas the story is more loft style, with the bed smack in the center of the room, exposed concrete ceilings, open bathroom etc. I would have never booked this room, as to me, it's not a relaxing atmosphere.   We called the front desk immediately to advise them of the error, and their response; "we are completely booked and gave away your room", "there are no other rooms available, and possibly would be able to switch you tomorrow".  At no time did they tell us this at check in.  After several minutes on the phone, the front desk clerk did find one "double" bed room in the 'World" tower and said they would also try to switch us to a king the following day.  She told us that they would be sending up a new set of keys.  After waiting almost a half hour and no keys arrived, we went back down to the lobby with our luggage and waited at the front desk,  Naturally, the shift changed at midnight and all new personal where manning the front desk.  After re-explaining our situation, they finally gave us keys to the new room, apologized to us and promised that we would be contacted the next day from "Guest Services" in order to switch to a king room. Since we are Silver Hilton Honors members, I assumed that at least a phone call with an apology or an offer to switch rooms would come; the day came and left and nobody ever contacted us.  We slept in separate beds for our 20th anniversary trip.  It appears that the SLS staff couldn't care less for their guests.
1	Not enough valets and it isn't even busy. The front desk people very professional and friendly. The room is like a small room in Manhattan the spread has dirty on it.  One of the managers was kind enough to move me to a new room which was 100% worst than my previous room. I come to Vegas alot I'd never  stay here again.
2	So this is my second time and not much has improved from the first time. The check in counter staff is sub par and probably half wits too. Not much changed from the last time where it took 30 minutes to check in one guest.So I booked through hotels.com for a king size high floor room. That was how it was advertised. I get here and was told that my room is not available and that the rooms are reserved but you can't specify which type. Ok, then they need to talk to hotels.com because that is how they advertised it. Ok, whatever I waited for 10 minutes to check in already and was not going to give this idiot anymore time. So after another 20 minutes of trying to figure out my reservation we go to the room and it definitely was not two queen beds but two beds that seemed to be over sized toddler beds. She did offer to switch me out but really? No one wants to do that. The hotel seems to attract the weirdos too. There weren't that many last time I was here. There was a guy with a bloody forehead in the elevator with us. Nasty looking 17 year old justin bieber look alikes were out in full force. Not to mention the club scouts who approached anything that pranced around in high heels looking like they could barely walk as they tried to keep all their women parts in the three sizes too small dressThis is probably the last time I'll stay here. Sorry SLS, for trying to brand yourself, you are still really just made up Sahara. Your comps nights will do you no good. I'd rather spend money and be in a hotel that I know attracts less scumbags and has enough rooms to honor guests reservations. AND, resort fee? How can you charge as much as a Bellagio! You have nothing close to offer as "resort-ish". Stop kidding yourself.
2	You get what you pay for here.  Decent value for the price with the room.  No closet space at all so you are living out of a suitcase, which if you are here a couple of days it is ok, but the place should not be confused with Aria or Cosmopolitan.The Monorail stop is right at the hotel which is a nice feature, and you can use it to get down to the strip easily enough.You can only do so much with a Sahara bones building, but they did ok.  Weird experience playing roulette, we got hungry so we went to grab a pizza around the corner at 800 degrees.  When I brought it back they told me I had to eat at the table near the gaming area, which I did.  After eating half we went back to playing and when I turned around ten minutes later the pizza was gone, taken by the staff.  WTF?  I bithced about it pretty good since the boss, and waitress made such an emphasis about the fact that the food could not be at the table.  Needless to say no tips for her attitude.
2	Great food and restaurants. Cool rooms. Small casino. Terrible front desk and customer service - computers were down at check out and getting through to someone by phone has been impossible.  I had a few rooms booked and over 1000 dollars of charges were billed twice!  Weeks after our trip, still waiting on hold to speak to their account receivable department.
1	Possibly the worst hotel I've ever experienced of this rank. I went here for a weekend and there was nothing that I could compliment this hotel for. It seems to be opened ahead of schedule or something. - Check in:  we were given key cards to our room that don't work. TWICE!  Receptionist promised to send security up to help us out, no sight of them. We ended up getting a different room.- Pool: My friend was addressed as "I don't make the rule here, son" when he asked why water cost $8- Casino: Bad attitude from dealers, they stared and yelled at our group for no freaking reason- Elevator: Nightmare. The wait for both going up and going down is 5-10mins. We gave up and took the stairs 9 floor down couple of times. - Parking structure:  The whole structure smells like weeds. Feel unsafe. Elevator doesn't work either - Wi-Fi: Sucks! Slow and connection dropped randomly. - Food: I ate here on a separate occasion at the Bazaar Bar. The worst service ever! We ordered Oyster that took Almost an hour to come out.- Check out: Their billing system has a lot of problems, the charges are wrong and took more than half an hour to check outThis is a terrible SBE hotel!!!!!!!
3	SLS is suffering from an identity crisis.... I know hotels in LV are no longer "themed" and the era of the NYNY's & Luxors are over, but in the way that Cosmo and Aria are cohesively designed, the SLS is most definitely NOT.  It's like the designer had multiple personality disorder! SLS is trying so hard to be hipster, but it can't decide if it's the "woodsy/hippie/plaid-wearing/bearded hipster", the "urban renewal/ street art hipster" or the "spacey/other-worldly/ultra-modern hipster".  I mean, what is with the hunting lodge themed buffet, the classic huge B&W gallery images, the graffiti wall, and the outer-space casino....I just don't get it. And the plaid jacket the staff members wear is like Scottish-golf-club attire. I'm so confused. On top of that, the Casino is TINY. And that weird blob star fish statue up front is just creepy.  And the elevator in the parking structure is still having issues....Positives:+Food options: Buffet was tasty and, if given a deal, definitely worth it (I'll have a separate review for this one), Umami Burger! Bazaar Meat! Katsuya! Basically a who's who of awesome LA foodie paradise. +The Foxtail pool looked nice+Sayer's Club decor....it's a small club, but I loved the ambiance, and would love to see a small intimate live music performance here someday+Fred Segal :)+Overall friendly staff
1	If I could rate this hotel a 0 star I would. Now I'm going to begin this review by saying that I work for a Fortune 100 Global Travel Services company and I travel for work but I also travel a ton for leisure. I grew up in Las Vegas but moved to Arizona many years ago but visit Las Vegas about 2-3 times per year, normally staying at Caesars, Wynn or Palazzo. MGM Grand and Aria are tremendous as well. I want to say that if this hotel is trying to get a 5 Diamond Award (which is what every luxury Las Vegas resort strives for) you are far, far away from receiving 1 Diamond. So I'm going explain some very simple concepts for Management to read and understand. I've seen all this before in Las Vegas. Outside Hotel companies think that because they are successful in LA, Miami, NYC or globally that they can just show up, put a little paint on an older run down frame of a long lost casino (The Sahara), slap their sign up and people will just come in a love the place they will "set a new standard of Luxury in Las Vegas". Only to find themselves crash and burn. When you come to Las Vegas, and build a property on the strip that touts luxury you better do your homework on Las Vegas and be ready to compete with the masters of the game, Steve Wynn, MGM Resorts, Caesars Entertainment and Sheldon Adelson. This resort highly misses the mark and my stay was atrocious at best. Let's lay out the highs (not many) and lows (many) of my stay at this "monkey palace"Good:Soft BedUnique RoomsModern ElectronicsNice Bathroom fixturesStaff at Bazaar MeatsThe Bad:I showed up to Valet only to be greeted by a guy who walked to my car, opened the door, didn't say "Welcome to the SLS" nor did he ask me for my name or if I was even staying in the hotel or just visiting. Next he proceeded to tell me "You sure you want to park in this valet, we have one in the back too" as if to prompt me to not inconvenience his night by having him park my car. Upon entry into the casino there was next to no excitement, dark lighting and a very empty casino floor. The inside was too dark and the casino ceiling is too low and drab featuring ventilation pipes and steel bars reminiscent of shopping at CostCo. Hotel Registration/Lobby way in the back amidst a dark corner next to a bar featuring a semi racist monkey theme.Casino Employees seem lethargic and having pure remorse for leaving their previous job to join a new strip hotel, which in the past is a boon for Vegas employees. It was my birthday and I planned on having car service take my wife and I to dinner at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse, then to MGM for KA. I was told by the Concierge that they didnt have car service and it was a 3rd party vendor whom charged by the hour. I'm a $1,000/hand player at minimum so this was an insult. The Wynn and Palazzo give me car service whenever I'm in town. No High-End Luxury resort in Vegas uses a 3rd party car service because they have their own fleet of cars. The Casino Floor was empty and drab on a weekend. No incentive for me to pull money from my account and begin playing here. Went up to my room only to find that the elevators this hotel uses are the same one's from the 1970's used by the Sahara which was formerly in this spot. Terrible! The clientele. 5 star and 5 Diamond resorts have elite, exclusive clientele. This clientele was for Circus Circus. Ordered Room Service for Breakfast ($89), was only presented with a bag of food, coffee with no cream or sugar in a To-Go cup. The food was in paper plates with an aluminum top and I was given plastic silverware that looked like real silverware. All I have to say is LMFAO. Even at a casino as old as the Sahara was,  they brought your room service in a cart and real plates, covered, presented to you for your liking and you were given all the condiments you could ask for along with coffee in a real cup with cream and sugar. Real silverware ! This was a major joke. The following night was no better as again it was my birthday. My wife and I had 6:45 reservations, but this idiotic hotel decided to not only sponsor the Las Vegas marathon, but also prompt Metro Police to block the exits not allowing cars or taxis leave the premises. I ended up having to exit the Taxi because we missed our reservation and we had to go back inside and eat at the outrageously overpriced and underwhelming Baazar Meats ($200 for steaks that wouldn't sniff the plate at Del Frisco's) . Luckily the staff was phenomenal so I put them in the good list. This pure logistical idiocy almost ruined my birthday, but I was able to get to the MGM via Monorail and make our show. In all, this hotel should not be considered a luxury strip hotel. It is blatantly obvious they though they could win on name alone without doing their homework. I suggest management spend a day with the Fertitas because SLS is subpar of Stations Casinos. Stay away if you want 5 Diamond experience.
5	Date & Time:  Thursday November 13-November 16 @ 11amTraveling Companions:  Mommy & HusbandScene:  Mostly LA Crowd:  Guys in Fitted Shirts & Girls in Low-Cut Rompers or Denim Cut-Offs Paired w/ Wedge Heels During the Day and Shiny, Glittery Mini-Dresses w/ Sky-High Louboutins By NightMusic:  EDMDecor:  Sleek Black & White.  Mirrors Everywhere from the Elevators to the Bed to the ShowerService:  ProfessionalImbibe:  Grab a Drink @ Monkey Bar, Sayer's Club or Life NightClubDevour:  Breakfast @ The Griddle, Lunch @ Noodle Ku, Dinner @ Katsuya & Late Night Bites @ Umami Burger w/ $40 Food Comp Per Night
1	1st I need to start off by saying "Its just hype, there is nothing amazing in this hotel". I stayed in this hotel from Nov 13 to Nov 16th 2014 and these 3 days I had a horrible time in my room. Its small and clumsy (I don't want to complain about it b'cos they are not going to change either way) but below are the terrible thing I experienced and they can solve it for the future guests if they want. 1. Room service is terrible, mark my word, they did not change anything in the room for 3 straight days. Not even the soap in the rest room. I didn't had soap to take bath the next day and they never bothered to put a new one. 2. There are stains all over the blanket and the worst part is, I see hair all over the bed. Hair? really? how do you expect me to sleep there ?3. Please see the pictures I uploaded, the blanket itself is in pretty bad condition. UNBELIEVABLE.4. I need to say I've got a pretty good view room, the only problem is, I am unable to open the blinds (look at pictures), its broken.As this is a fairly new hotel, I expected at least, but learnt a lesson.
3	We were invited to stay for a complimentary night & we were eager to stay to fully experience all that the property offers. We checked in on a Monday night. We believed that hotel registration was across from the monkey bar, but without signage we couldn't be too sure. The desks were dimly lit and only one person was behind the desk assisting a guest. It could have easily been mistaken for concierge. We waited our turn and confirmed it was indeed hotel check in. We were able to secure a King room in the Lux tower, which is a bit larger and comes with extra conveniences (robes, in room dining, spa access) compared to the other two towers. The room key is needed to access the elevator whether you're headed up or down. The floor numbering is a bit confusing too. Our room was 208XX. Any guesses which floor that was on? Eight, would be correct. The room was clean, a bit quaint and quirky, and even a bit creepy. The bathroom, however, was nicely done. The only complaint there was that the sink was so shallow it was difficult for my husband to fit his hands under the faucet while washing his hands. Toiletries are large sizes. Too large really, but it's nice to have so much available. The room was awkward the bed seemed smaller than your average king. The placement of the TV was peculiar given the vantage points. The dining area would only comfortable fit two around the table, but there was seating for two or three more. The fabric on the walls was quirky and made the walls seem smaller. The lady above the bed was creepy, and the mirror above the bed increased the creepy factor. The bed appeared more plush than it was, it was actually quite firm. The pillows all seem like decorative accessories since they are all covered in shams. There was no sheet between the one that covers the bed and the comforter. I really dislike this. I was cold or sweltering all night. Not too mention is old legend that hotels don't change the comforter between every guest stay. I certainly hope that's not the case here. I wanted to love it more than I did, but the style just doesn't appeal to me. Our experience in the casino didn't impress us either. Staff (aside from the check in clerk) was really cold, and some where unprofessional. The carpet around the table games was littered in trash and cocktail waitresses don't seem to cover much of the casino floor. They seem to only work the pit and the slot area near Umami Burger. We were given three 2-for-1 cocktail coupons, but the lounges where they were valid were closed. Various bars are supposed to have local specials on cocktails until 8pm, but we didn't find one that honored it. The only special was 2 Bud Lights for $5 at Umami. I'd much rather pay full price for a good beer. Overall, the staff outnumbered the guests by 3:1 at least. You'd expect top notch service at that ratio.The value & rating here fully depends on the price you pay for the room. I wish half start were available. I felt it earned 2.5 stars.
2	I have been stay in different hotels in Las Vegas before.  This hotel is my first try since it been remodel and rename the hotel.Checked in on Friday night, their hotel room is the smallest so far I ever stayed in Vegas' hotel.  Since the room is very tiny, there's two double beds (but I feel like the bed is just little bit bigger then twin size).  For their price I believe can find something better then them and also in the strip.  Wifi is kind of up and down, it works great at night time but day time is very slow.Casino staff are nice, Cleo restaurant is pretty interesting experience to try out the Mediterranean food.  Plates are good to share with the group.The biggest problem I ever have for this trip, it was Vegas were doing the "Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Marathon" starting on Saturday, when I checked in on Friday, they never notified while I am check in.  I have made a dinner reservation in the hotel at 7pm, when coming back hotel by driving, both entrance were blocked for this event.  I called the hotel and asking anytime will be open back.  They were telling me parked my car to somewhere else and take the monorail back to hotel, just leave the car till next day because both entrance won't open back till next day.  It is completely unacceptable!Then I called again, they transfer my call to Concierge, they were telling me it will open back 15 mins later.  When I ask for double check, the time keep pushing from 15 mins to 30 then 45 mins.  I told them I was never get notified about this event and suggest them notify the customer ahead of time in future, they were arguing me back said I was got told.  How can you sure about it when I said I didn't get notified.End up I was stuck at outside for 1 hour 30 mins before the entrance open back.  Worst experience at all!!!
1	REPOSTING MY REVIEW ( as I was asked to take it down in exchange for refunding my charges)  THEY again disappointed and failed to perform as promised.  It has now been 3 months.  They ignore my emails, and calls.TERRIBLE PLACE ABSOLUTELY WORST service I have ever received!!  Security Violation---The front desk staff gave a stranger my room key in the middle of the night. I came into my room the next morning and there was a guy I met at the pool in my bed! The persons name was not on my account! Front desk didn't called me to ask if it was alright. I ask the guy how he got in and he showed me a key which I clearly did not give him.  It has now been 3 Days and management doesn't call me back!  They are not taking it as serious as I am ! I feel violated and unheard, as they do not call me back to tell me how such I thing happened or try to make it right with me!  I filled out a security report over the phone and the security officer took down my story however I didn't get an incident number nor did even seem legit. The officer said he has to check with the manager to see what really happened?????  Every time I call management I have to wait 30 mins and the manager on duty has no idea about my situation...which then I have to repeat over and over. They have no back of the house communication or possibly my situation isn't that important!  Other aspects of the hotel...  Room service was pretty much non existent because I was waiting 5 minutes for someone to answer I decided to just go downstairs!  Gym was nice, and quiet! Great equipment !  Hotel was made very cheaply... furniture looks like IKEA!  Katsuya was amazing .... Not sure why there was a line for Griddle. Food and service was terrible there  Hotel is far from everything....  Overall Stay at the Wynn... The Motel is trying to pull off a 4 star... Complete joke!
3	What to say about the SLS in Vegas. Well let's start with I have stayed at the one in LA even though I am a local and enjoyed the experience and service completely. At the time it was also affiliated with Starwood and with my Platinum status I get 7pm check out. I also have a SBE preferred partner card which is great in LA as you get a small discount on purchases at SBE locations. The SLS Hotel and Casino looks great. They really did a great job renovating what was a dump before and did so at a reasonable price I want to say in the $600 million range which in Vegas terms is cheap. The staff of the SLS is great and all really do try to provide a great guest experience which is tough for a new property which was only open for 2 months when I stayed there in Oct. Many of the issues with this hotel are not the staffs fault. It is more issues with the design or backend operations of the hotel.I stayed in the world tower. Which is the middle option of the 3 tiers of rooms. They room, while nicely designed has a huge flaw for any hotel especially one in Vegas. The blackout curtains do not black out the light. It creeps in around all of the edges as it is a roll down shade with a image on it that sits inside the windowsill rather than extending beyond the size of the window. Also there were issues in charging items to the room from the snack shop and one of the restaurants. This seems to be more related to backend computer issues   Upon checking out the wait was long and I over heard 1 person say he just went to the room he checked into to find others in it and another guy said his room was trashed. Once again not the staffs fault as the computer systems should not allow them to check someone into a room that is occupied and there has to be a way for housekeeping to signal that a room is ready for a new guest.  Additionally my preferred partners card was useless in this Sbe location. While I know that they stopped issuing these cards you would assume they would work at at Sbe property.  Once again the staff was great. They really were and I found it to be on par for what I expect out of Sbe for the restaurant and hotel side. While their rates are great for the room and I am sure that some of the operational issues will resolve shortly the blackout curtains is a huge drawback for me. Even if I wasn't in Vegas and out late night, not that that would happen I would still not want sunlight beaming into the room onto the bed from the window located as the headboard.
3	I bumped up my rating to three stars because I finally got in contact with someone and she was awesome. She apologized for the inconvenience and made no excuses as to what happened. (The other people made me feel like I was a crazy person). She then fixed the problem within a few minutes and then offered to provide me with a food and beverage credit. (I honestly wasn't expecting anything but it was a great gesture). I am excited to try this new hotel now that it's all squared away. Fingers crossed I hope it will become a new favorite on the Vegas Strip!
3	I really don't know how I feel about SLS Hotel and Casino. Part of me loves them because they provided such great hospitality for my boyfriend and I. But then again...like what some reviews have noted, SLS is having some identity issues here. Long gone are hotels themed after Italy, Paris, Greek, or even Egyptian. But SLS....it's lost and confused. They try to be modern and "in' like the Aria and Cosmopolitan....but they didn't quite succeed. **FRONT DESK: Front desk lobby was nothing to boast about. Actually...it was so low-key dark and hidden, I wouldn't be surprised if most people walk right past it. It's like they're embarrassed with their hotel. The front desk is almost the FIRST area tourists arrive to. Make the front desk area lively, make it grand and fancy!!**CASINO: slow and dark. I don't get why some casinos make their casino so dark. Do you want your guest to get sluggish and sleepy!? Slot machines were tight as hell but blackjack tables were pretty good with a $10 minimum. **ROOMS: there are many different types of rooms. I went online to look at the room types and were kinda overwhelmed. There's the STORY TOWER which looked like something you will see in a NY boutique hotel. The rooms looked super small!!!!! The WORLD TOWER is a bit bigger and I would say that's your less than average hotel room. Best tower, to me, to stay at is the LUX TOWER. Everything was modern. The layout was cleverly done. Dual sinks, dual-headed shower stall with one that's overhead. (hope thats making sense). Towels were fully stocked and clean. They provided robes and slippers. Beds were super comfy. ****NOTE****: some of you will love it, some will hate it, but there's a ton of mirrors around the room. Even one above the bed!!!!!!! Wow ;) I personally enjoyed it. Restaurants and nightlife seems to be the only positive factors about this hotel that's keeping it alive.
3	SLS, a small boutique hotel with unique and interesting designs, everything is edgy and different from other luxury hotels in Las Vegas. I was actually happy about a new SLS hotel opening in Vegas, and was looking forward to staying here on this trip. We stayed at one of the biggest suites in Lux tower for 3 nights and 4days, tried pretty much all the restaurants and bars here, actually all the places that are opened during our stay, so I think my review is pretty legit in a lot of ways. They like drapes, a lot of drapes, on the walls, all over the walls, in the suites, at the spa, everywhere! They don't like bathtubs, NO bathtub in our 955sf SLS king suite at Lux tower? !!! They should change the oversized bath description on their site to oversized dining table about this suite! Seriously, there is only a king bed for 2 people in the bedroom, why on earth would they put a huge dining table for 6 people in the living room? Not to mention the huge couch in living room that can easily fit in 12 thin people, and another couch in bedroom with a small dining table, are we hosting dinner parties in this suite or what?! It's just odd....Our suite is very spacious with separate living room and bedroom, a guest powder room and a decent sized master bathroom. NO closets at all, just a storage shelve with a few drawers and in-room safe in the bathroom. Did SLS tell Starck to use the minimum cost on remodeling? If they didn't build new closets and bathtubs and walls, the cost must be the lowest for them, the walls were just drapes with pictures on them, that's convenient for sure, just put on drapes all over the walls! It looks like they intended to waste a lot of spaces to make a comfy guest room, hey let's just put the furnitures in and foregt about the rest of the spaces! Easy for them, not so comfy for us hotel guests.... Just saying...But, I still love Starck's interior design, all whites with popped out pinks, very girly and beautiful, just not very practical, we guests deserve a bathtub for what we pay for a suite! Because of the small size of this hotel, there is not much going on here. All fine dining restaurants only open for dinner, even the casual dining Ku noodle only opens for dinner? Comeon! Who eats noodles for dinner? It's for lunch! We stayed for 4 days and ran out of places to eat, especially during the day. And I am never gonna stand in line to order pizzas at that pizza joint, just not gonna happen! Since it's winter, there is only LIFE nightclub, Foxtail pool club is closed for the season, same as the pool, guests can still go there but it's just too cold to hang at the pool area.A little shopping at Fred Segal, different stores at different wings of the hotel, I got something of course, the selections were not as good as the one in Santa Monica. There are only two bars, Monkey bar and Center bar, they share some same specialty cocktails I noticed. There is a screen above the center bar, it plays 50 images that is so cool to look at! The room service was miss and hit, we ordered room service on Friday night but it never came, they still charged to our room? WTH? Ordered room service again on Sunday night, the options were extremely limited as the lady told me on the phone "it's late night so we don't have that!" Okay.... just flatbread, omelettes and bottle of champagne with OJ to make mimosa! At least the food was pretty delicious, loved the hash browns.Overall this is a cute luxury boutique hotel, the Lux tower we stayed at was great, close to the monkey bar, spa / gym, and monorail. And it's very private, you need guest keys to get in the elevators. But....will I stay here again? Maybe just maybe for one night, more than that? Very unlikely. The service was disorganized from time to time, not enough restaurants and lounges. Only three fine dining establishments, had to cross out Bazzar meat by Jose Andres cause it sounded like a chamber of horror to me. And above all? NO bathtub in our big suite! It's completely unacceptable!This hotel just didn't work for me as well as I expected, it's luxury alright, on both prices and servies, but the suite, restaurants and bars just fell a little bit short! The rates of regular guest rooms in other towers are very low, because they are very small rooms. So if you are looking for luxury hotel at affordable prices, this hotel might work for you! Ps. Depite how much they love drapes, the drapes don't close completely in our suite bedroom, there is a gap... So bad!
1	Way over hyped this place does NLT Vegas standards from there restaurants to their service their restaurants need to learn about how to treat customers
5	Okay so I read all the reviews and I got a little scared, but my husband made reservations here as he got a good deal. I went with an open mind, and remember we got a great deal, $117 including taxes.  Yes, I agree, some of decor does not make sense they have a Monkey Bar near the hotel check-in and other pictures of monkeys, so it's monkey theme, you think, and you are wrong.  But you get nice service from the staff. You get to your room and you realized that it's pretty clean and elegant.  Then later you decide to play the slots and have dinner there before going out for drinks with friends, and you realize wtf, why are people complaining??   The food and drinks are good.  The place is clean and elegant.  I am sorry, but I have stayed at the Venician and Cesar's, and last time at the Flamingo, which is not that super nice; however, all in all I think the SLS for the price is worth it.  Yes, is not the Venician, Wynn, or the Aria, not that nice, but way better than other ones.  So if you are about to book a room here, don't get discouraged about the picky reviews, is a very nice hotel, with great places to eat inside, and friendly staff.  I give it 5 stars. Enjoy!!  Now if you are going
5	This hotel is awesome I am very pleased with everything there.  The ambiance is swank hip modern fun smells good and overall five stars.  I believe the negative yelp reviews are being paid through other hotels.  We enjoyed our room and had no complaints at all and we received an awesome discount!!!
3	Got this hotel via a Time Share  upgrade.  No self parking close to the check in.  Don't even touch the bar area or you will be charged. The shower had pubic hair from the previous stay. The wine glasses. . Gross. . Had cheap caked on lipstick  on the glass rim.  Needless to say at the end you are expected to pay a resort fee of $25.. seriously. .
2	First of all I would like to say that this is a very nice hotel.  The staff were pleasant and the decor is very up to date.  The design of the pool area is very modern and compliments the hotel well. There's a nice selection of bars and restaurants through out the hotel providing many different options for the guests. The rooms are very modern and provide an array of lighting options in them.My issues with the hotel started in the room.  The door to the bathroom slides shut on a rail that has no stopper so when I went to open it I slid the door too far and it fell off of the rail trapping me in the bathroom until my girlfriend had to come and rescue me.  I would have to say that's an extremely poor design on the door, at least have some kind of stopper in place.  The next issue I had were the maids/cleaning ladies.  While we were away they came in the room to straighten up for us.  The night before I had a small bloody nose that leaked a few spots on our white pillow cases.  The cleaning ladies remade our bed with the same sheets and spotted pillow cases.  The rooms come with a $40 a day food credit that we could use inside of the hotel but that was never told to us and we had to find out through another guest after we had already ate at different restaurants outside of the hotel.  We then had to argue with the guest services representative about removing the charges from food purchases in the hotel. As nice as the hotel is the experience could have been much better. I've stayed in almost all the major hotels in Las Vegas and though they have their issues non compared to the amount I had to go through in one weekend at The SLS
5	Absolutely love this hotel. Modern , cozy, chick... The service is outstanding, the restaurants are great specially Bazaar Meat but Katsuya is also amazing. The rooms are very trendy , the beds are like sleeping on clouds , clean rooms, great staff I mean I have no complaints, I've stayed here on my last two trips to Vegas and I think  this will be my go to hotel from now on (I usually stay at the Vdara). I don't leave too many hotel reviews here, maybe this is my first one I think, but well deserved. Everything about this hotel is pleasant to look at, great job SLS Las Vegas.
3	the hotel is just ok.  the location is terrible.  it feels like they rushed the opening and cut corners on things.  rooms are quite small.  the Bazaar Meat is INCREDIBLE!  casino is super small. no poker though...... pool is ok. nothing special.
1	Questionable
1	Ok! Buyer beware! This hotel claim was claimed to be on the strip, but it's actually way away from any hot spots. You're going to be next to the stratosphere which is apparently next to the ghetto. My girlfriend family booked the hotel since it had high ratings. However, I would of spent my own money for the holidays just to stay away from this place. My girlfriend went to check in and she called me asking to look for a new hotel. The check-in lady stated, after my girlfriend asked if the rooms were any bigger, that "this is a boutique hotel, so what do you expect?" The garage was closed due to construction and I had to keep in pull into the hotel just so I could stay close while she was attempting to check in. The parking guy stopped me and asked, in a rude manner,  "why are you here?" I told him I had to give me girlfriend my credit card, so they didn't put a $300 deposit on her debit card. I have a 17 month old and they attempted to charge us $50 a night for a crib. I've literally been told now that they've ran out of cribs even thought I've requested one yesterday. I've waited two freaking hours for a crib and they just told me, they have no available and it's 1am. You do get a giant tv, but no movie channels and barely any channels at all. Also, don't count on a bath either because this hotel is supposedly "boutique".  All they can offer us is a roll away bed which my child will literally fall off. Besides being in the ghetto of Las Vegas, the rude services by two different employees, trying to charge us $50 a night for a crib, trying to put down a $300 deposit on a debit card, having tiny rooms, no tv channels, then you get a normal hotel. One positive side was one employee was very nice to me to say sorry you're having a bad night. Seriously, don't come here.
3	Gym Review Only- decent gym for hotel, clean, nice equipment. When using the gym you can use the restrooms, sink and showers but you CAN NOT use the steam room!!  Really?!? Very disappointing considering all guest pay a hefty resort fee!
1	The wi-fi sucks, took forever to connect my laptop and iPad and it continued to be slow.  Checking in took forever too.  The room had an unpleasant oder so I left the window cracked the entire stay but every time I re-entered the room, it was nauseating. First time stay and I won't be back.
4	I was attending a convention at the nearby Las Vegas Convention Center and my group decided to stay at the brand new SLS Hotel. Logistically it worked out well. A quick 5-minute walk to the CC (which is often less that you'd spend waiting in other hotels' taxi cues) and also a reasonably close taxi ride from other Strip locations.The hotel is as hip, cool, trendy, fashion-foward as one would expect from the SLS brand. Creative restaurants, bars, and clubs. I stayed in the World Tower and the room was comfortable, clean, and well appointed. The mini-bar is well stocked, and the bath products are very nice.My complaint has to do with the check-in process. My reservation had been inexplicably canceled, so I had to go through some hurdles to check in. It took about an hour until I was finally in my room.Another hassle was that I specifically added my girlfriend's name to my room when I checked in. "No problem it's taken care of" I was told. When my girlfriend arrived to get her key she was told her name wasn't on the room.  Now at that point I was actually already gone, and in a different country (don't ask), so she too ended up having to wait almost an hour while I was tracked down, the hotel emailed me with a number of questions, and ultimately they gave her a key. On one hand I appreciate the security measures of not giving out keys to anyone who says they're supposed to have one, but please don't tell me "its taken care of" if it wasn't.So in conclusion, I'll likely stay there again, but I hope they get their front-desk issues resolved.
1	I went to this hotel the Check in lines are slow. The elevators are not user friendly and they have a lot of annoying mirrors that look like entrances. And I asked for a hotel room not barbie's vacation home. The room is all feminine and even the key is pink. And I want a hotel room not an little girl's bedroom or barbie's vacation apartment and I don't plan on coming again.
4	This place is swank!  Chaune, Ryan, and Kel at Center Bar are amazing bartenders.  And Romeo checked us in, and made it seamless.  Umami Burger was great food, but server Keven wasn't great.Rooms are really nice; the only reason SLS lost a star was it's really cold in the casino.
5	Got a double in the World Tower. A beautiful property on the north end of the strip. I absolutely loved it. Absolutely zero complaints. As an aside- The breakfast restaurant The Griddle Cafe downstairs is remarkable. Went with Nutella French Toast. I had no issue with the hotel which seems to be people's biggest gripe. I definitely recommend this property.
2	The bad: hotel is like a poor mans cosmopolitan. Don't expect this to be like sls in la. Hotel rooms are small. It's like an old run down hotel with trendy art and new paint. Casino is small. All the stores are Fred seagal so expect high end merchandise but the guests are not Fred seagal type of customers. All stores are empty. Poor planning. No jacuzzi!!! Pool is basic. And most importantly it's sooooo far from all other casinos it's like u r isolated on the strip. Just cause u think u trendy don't make u trendy. Now the good: employees are all nice and friendly. The griddle is da bomb their food portions are HUGE. Umami burgers is tasty and service is great. Bar at the casino has really cool graphics. Come on sls get it together and good luck.
1	Great casino lay out really gives you a nice vibe home town feel as far as the rooms go they are a modern room witch are clean and nice but I am not amazed with service and I am not the type of guest that wants special services all I want is the mini fridge to be open not locked and room service food that I ordered made McDonald's chicken strips look like a 5 star grommet food (I have pictures posted ). If it was cheaper then other luxury resort then I'd shut up but when I'm paying the same price as Palazzo or Caesars then I expect service to be somewhat close. I hate to complain because I'm in the service industry but Jesus Christ I ask for simple things and I don't believe it's up to par to compete with other major resorts SLS In Beverly Hills makes this resort look like a 2 cent Vegas escort.
2	I was reading the reviews AFTER we booked our room and one guy got it right... The poor mans Cosmo! Definitely NOT like the SLS in LA. I arrived yesterday and not only did it take the young lady at the check in counter 20 min to check me in but all the other ladies working behind the counter were talking about how much fun they had partying the other night and what clubs they were going to this weekend. So unprofessional!The staff everywhere we've gone seem cold and lazy (leaning on walls). The valet was understaffed and made us drive around to the other side of valet becAuse they were understaffed.The elevators are old and smell like an old hotel. The air conditioner in our room is sooo loud! Clearly wasn't replaced during the renovation. The bed is comfy and the bathroom is very clean and modern. All in all very disappointed in the SLS not to the standards they are known for. I see why it's a 4 star. I wouldn't be surprised if it was a 3 star.
4	Really chic feel here. Lots of young people and neo feel to it. Really dim lighting though....  And no signage...
3	This hotel is for basics, decor is whatever.. Drinks are aiite... Wanna feel special on a budget? Here you go... Unless you wanna party with the grown ups than stick to Cosmo and Wynn...
4	I stayed for 1 night on Black Friday and I was very pleased . I've read so many awful things about this hotel on yelp so I was a bit concerned , but this place is awesome . It's a smaller hotel at the end of the strip , the rooms are decent sized but very comfortable . It reminded me of a cool modem LA room .the monkey bar was also really relaxing and also hilarious . Our bartender , Timothy hooked us up with some perfect screwdrivers and we got to hang out and listen to a piano player . We tipped him a few dollars and he took request and sang everything.. Literally anything you could think of .. I requested the thong song and he sang it haha . Awesome .The hotel loses 1 star due to the smoke odor in the hotel . It's covered by a fragrance , but it's still really smokey . Also the front desk wasn't very customer friendly , although I know they would all claim to be . He forgot to give us our free drink coupon and he was kind of snappy when I asked about free entry to the club . He said only ladies get in free and then went on to say " that's how the world works . Nothing's free " . I wasn't complaining in any bit , but I later asked the concierge and she directed me to the club both to get on the comped hotel guest list.. So poo on you foo. Other than that it was great, affordable and will be returning .
3	You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig. That's how I feel about the SLS, the renovated Sahara Hotel.Sure, the hotel now has fancy restaurants and a modern interior design, but the infrastructure is still old and decaying. Some elevators don't work. And my biggest complaint is that the walls are very thin. Was woken up at 2AM by a baby crying next door. Tip: Bring earplugs!My experience wasn't as bad as other reviews have noted. No issues with the service or room size for me. However, since the SLS occupies an old building, even with the redesign, the overall look and feel didn't appear luxurious or contemporary, what I'd expect from the SBE brand.
5	It was exactly what it claimed to be: a cute boutique hotel with great restaurants, bars, and clubs. The rooms were not big, but they were beautiful, modern, and comfortable. It seemed like someone really took the time to pick out every piece of decoration.Even if you don't stay here, you HAVE to have breakfast at the Griddle Cafe. Best French Toast I've ever had. Katsuya was also amazing.Added perk: the gym is included in your resort fee. Most other places charge extra. The location was my only concern, but it'll take you a couple of days just to enjoy everything in the hotel. The Stratosphere is a must for 1st timers, plus we used the Deuce which is a double-decker bus that goes up and down the strip 24/7 every like 15 minutes. It cost $20/person for 3 days of unlimited use.Special thanks to Jorge at the front desk. He was particularly courteous, gave me all the information I needed, and (comically) was even familiar with many of the negative Yelp reviews and quickly assuaged my concerns.
1	Slots OnlyWorst slots I have ever played.  The SLS clearly set its slots so that they play very tight and don't win often.  I've played at the SLS several times and have rarely won.  Needless to say, this will be the last time that I play there.  I'll spend my cash at places where I actually have a chance of winning.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at SLS this past weekend! It was a very cute boutique hotel that is not extremely big but it has everything that is needed from a Vegas hotel (i guess the buffet was temporarily closed but im not a big fan of buffets anyway!) ...Room- the room was very clean and super modern. The bed was incredibly comfy. i had read reviews that the rooms were a little small, but we stayed at a King room in the World Tower and it was pretty spacious for two people. I could see it being a little small for two full size beds and 4 people in the room, but it was perfect for 2! Casino- the casino was great, again not so BIG where you can't find your party but had a great variety of slot machines and tables with decent mins and maxs on the tables. People- the people were really nice to deal with. Did not have any issues there at all. Club- The Sayers Club is a MUST!! i lvoed it, great band and great music! Life-- not so great but the promoter that we dealt was was AWESOME!! Jerrell...he's great!! Everything else was really nice...the restaurants -- The Griddle Cafe-- was great for breakfast but a long line...Umami burger was great! Katsuya-- was just OK-- nothing spectacular for the price... didn't try Cleo at the SLS but had it in LA and it is pretty decent!  I definitely recommend this hotel-- the only CON is it is at the END of the STRIP but there is always the monorail which is connected to the hotel, which is super convenient!
3	Not impressed by this hotel at all. Went there to meet a few friends for drinks and walked into this warehouse style place that was dark and uninviting. The roof consisted of exposed pipes and there was a small bar in the middle with nowhere to sit and wait for people. The restaurants were all dead. Strange for one of the busiest conventions of the year. Walked around saw the pool from the main room. Walked out.
5	I love this hotel. It's pretty, chic, and my kind of place. I'm not sure why it only has a 3-star rating here. The skinny:Beautiful rooms with contemporary decor. If you like to FEEL good and have a fine experience, SLS is the perfect place. Pillows are filled with memory foam or goose feathers or something to that effect. Mirrors have a ring of light around them, which is a beautiful touch. Bathrooms are spacious. Shower head feels great. Towels are white, clean, and fluffy. Note: Do not store your personal items in the mini bar-- you'll incur a $30 restocking fee. If the W Hotel, The Standard, and The Be early Hills Hotel had a baby, SLS Las Vegas would be it. Oh and they give complimentary nights when you join CODE for free. Valet is free. Self-parking is ample. The nightclubs there are dope (I've gone to Life on several occasions and Sayers Club has the dopest DJs.) I haven't tried Foxtail yet. The customer service is nice and the guys that work the front desk AND the nightclubs are well-dressed, polite, and very serving. 800 Degrees Pizza is Delish there at SLS and the Roulette tables are pretty. What more can you ask for? How about a group of good-looking classy people. SLS has that too. Thumbs up!
3	Umm...when did Spring Break happen in November?" was my first impression when I stepped into the SLS Las Vegas.  Was this place the same as the SLS in Beverly Hills?  Apparently not, judging by all of the trucker hats and d-bags with their exposed boxers and jeans hanging low to the ground.  The check-in area felt disorderly, not what you should expect from a property with the SLS trademark.  After we checked in and got away from the crowds, the rooms were pretty nice.  I loved the all-white decor and wished this decor extended to the common areas which were rather very dark.  The exposed pipes in the ceiling above the casino made it feel like I was walking into someone's basement.  You could tell that the SLS Las Vegas was trying really really hard to bring LA to the Vegas Strip - somehow something got lost in translation.  The Vegas counterparts all seemed like a knock-off of the LA originals like Katsuya and The Bazaar.
5	This place is as modern as it gets you want to call new hip please you got to check out the Hess SLS Hotel the front is a bunch of mirrors as you walk in there's a time for a fun time for play time for this time for the time for happiness time for sadness time for everything you could imagine there's a time for this hotel is a pretty good experience I would recommend it to kind of quiet but at same time it's a nightlife there that he will go for so definitely come and check out the nightlife is really cool the DJs are gray I meant little Wayne also saw Kim Kardashian was walking around and hopefully I'll see some more people in the hotel but little Wayne was really cool he signed my T-shirt therefore the SLS Hotel is very good you should try it I went to the bar as I shown in the picture and I think I saw the bartender he looks like Will Smith I know it wasn't Will Smith but it look like will Smith so that's pretty cool that the people that work there very nice and the customer service is great so I highly recommend it wasn't so grand it was just very modern and I like I can see the ceilings they cool place to check out deafly should go check it out
3	Great place to hang out but not to stay. Rooms are furnished from IKEA yet they call themselves a luxury hotel. Incidentals charge is excessive for the quality. $150 per night. Was able to get it down to $200 for 3 nights but you have to ask and all room service capabilities will be shut down. Even info features that you can only get on the TV. You can always google everything you need to know. Still ordered room service and paid cash but they got my order wrong. Overall, trendy restaurants and great eye candy in the casino. Crowd similar to people at Cosmo and the likes but rooms suck.
3	Check In: It went smooth. They have a $150 per night incidental hold policy that goes down to $200 per stay if you block charges from being made to the room. And there's a $28/nt resort fee **side-eye**  Room: I stayed in the world tower. The room is nice, 2 people would be comfie in here. The only complaint I have is the photo art over the bed. The piece in my room depicts a crowd of people that maybe at a concert or something. It throws off the whole decor of the room! It's kinda creepy to me. I don't know these people hanging over my bed, watching me sleep, and what the hell are they looking at?  It's so random and does not flow with the rest of the decor in the room, kinda irritating. The bed is comfie. And there are mirrors with a LED light frame.. Awesome...just take these stupid photos over the bed away! I did find that the photo art was a shade that retracted. So it was retracted my whole stay. Please replace that element with some black out drapes for those who wish to sleep in. The Monkey in the Room: There were a few reviews that felt the monkey theme in the check in  lobby  and bar were racist. I didn't think so. Weird and probably not the best theme choice for a hotel trying to present themselves as "upscale" , yes, racist, no. Food:Umami burger was disappointing. The Cali Burger was meh. The Black Razz Mojito cocktail and truffle em'  fries were the highlight of my meal. The Perq coffee spot makes a good mocha. Its pricey, which I guess is a perk for the company,  but good. Railroaded by convience I guess. Small mocha and 1 Madeline $9 ijs. I would stay there again because of the price and the location, the rooms are nice to me. No its not in short walking distance to anything but it's attached to the monorail line. That makes it a breeze to get anywhere on the strip.Great customer service here. Everyone I came in contact with was super hospitable.   I would have gave SLS 4 stars but the $150/nt incidental hold and 28/nt resort fees are exorbitant.
2	Check in took almost 45 minutes. It was before midnight but there were only 2 front desk agents working that we saw.  Housekeeping didn't take the obvious garbage out of our room for 2 days until we complained.  We finally put cocktail glasses by the door. When something was said to the front desk they did not seem to care. The food and service in the restaurants was great. Overall a great place to visit because of the restaurants but I don't want to stay again
4	SLS is a good hotel, it's got a nice ambiance and does remind me of modern LA or Beverly Hills Hotels, or the W in San Francisco. The check in process was as normal as any other hotels. The elevators were fast despite others reviews. Only time they were slow was on a Saturday when everyone is using them. But there are 8 elevators. The rooms are very modern looking and great for a place to stay. If you want a larger room or a penthouse, book one. These rooms are normal sized. Their theme is classy but ready too "monkey" around. Hence the monkeys all over the place. I thought that's a bit intelligent though. Reminds me of the Cosmo a bit, but on a budget.Only drawback is they are on the north end of the strip. Until all the resorts are finished in that area, they lack notoriety. Take the shuttle at $12 per day. It's about a 15 min ride to the MGM, so we did that daily and were fine. Parking is easy, the people were easy too talk too, and the staff was good. All in all, 4/5 ain't bad for this place that is only considered 3 stars. They do well and you get a good experience. I will stay here again and I hope they bring me back.
5	We were in Las Vegas twice in November. On the first of our two trips we said, "Hey let's go check out the new SLS, I bet it's real douchey." Well, you know what. We were pleasantly wrong.   We really enjoyed playing at the tables there. For the most part, the dealers are fun, friendly and engaging. We were so lucky to be at the table where Jenny was dealing Pai Gow at 5 in the morning. Not only a great dealer but a genuine person with a great outlook on life. The casino itself is very whimsical with a good selection of restaurants as well. Cleo was delicious.  Overall, SLS is trendy but not trying too hard. On our 2nd trip in November, we went there every day. We get really good deals with our years as M Life members but on our next trip, we are going to try to stay at SLS!
3	Okay, so for those of you who remember me from my old account, you all know that I'm the champion of lamenting the "down with old, in with the new" mentality that's such a faux pas in this town. So I was very happy when I heard that the Sahara wasn't going to be torn down. However, I wasn't as happy when I heard about what it was going to be converted to. Now that I've actually been inside the place, my perspective is a little bit more in the middle. Aside from the back hallway section, I could barely even tell it was once the Sahara just going off of layout alone. It felt strangely smaller (I could be wrong, but it seems like the entire section that was once the Nascar Cafe seemed to be a VIP affair). In addition to the fact that, while the Sahara had five public entry points, the SLS now only has two, with one of those former entry points being converted into an employees only entrance and the other two being sealed off completely. Not sure if I like that or not.I do remember the Sahara being pretty dark, but now they've made it so dark in here you can barely even see in certain parts of the building. It was also a little bit too corporate for my taste. Example: all of the retail being owned by Fred Segal. Well, I guess we should be happy that at least the owner made the wise decision to not slap his name on everything which is what it was starting to look like he was going to do.In spite of all this, I still kinda liked the place. Now, granted, this could just be because the place hasn't been a runaway success, but I like how it's attempting to be locals friendly. The automatic free play you receive when signing up for their players card and the fact that certain restaurants in the property give discounts to locals are all nice perks. I plan on trying both Umami Burger and The Griddle Cafe in the future. The nightlife actually appealed to me, a rarity with The Strip. Okay, LiFE fits into my stereotypical idea of Strip nightclubs, but Foxtail on the other hand? While I didn't go in, I stood outside to observe and listen to the music and I liked how it didn't seem to be a fist-pumping affair and it actually played a variety of music, not a bunch of David Guetta and Tiesto remixes. And I've heard lots of good things about The Sayers Club as well. There were also multiple reminders of what the place once was. I spotted a chandelier with fixtures of the Sahara "S." Some of the slots were labelled "Sahara Slots." Some of the walls had pictures of 50s and 60s era Vegas. I really appreciate how the owner didn't just try and make like what was there before never happened! And I also enjoyed the subtle aspect of humor and camp that was prevalent. See: The monkey stuff and the statue in the porte cochere. Oh, and did I mention I actually had some luck with gambling in this place? That makes it one of literally only three places on the strip where lady luck was on my side (the other two being Slots-A-Fun and The Stratosphere). SLS isn't exactly a "home run" for me, but I think it has some great potential going for it, so I'll just wait and see. The Final Verdict:Pros: Well, for one, it was once the Sahara!Strip joint that's accessible for locals. You get free play just for signing up. Appealing nightlife and dining options. Doesn't take itself too seriously.Loose slots by strip standards. Cons:Dark and kinda creepy feeling interior. Overly corporate in some aspects.Isolated from the rest of the Strip (but thankfully that's changing soon)Huh?:What's with the lack of entrances? There could at least be one on the corner of Sahara @ LV Blvd.Return factor: 8/10. I like the place enough to give it more chances in the future.
1	F@ck this glossy shithole.  Got stuck for 20 minutes waiting in valet and then they tell us to self park.  We have over 100 people for a company Xmas Party and they tell us valet is full. Then when we go to self park there are tons of empty spaces in the valet#patheticfirstimpression
1	This hotel is a dump!   Absolutely no service.  Came in off paradise at valet.  Waited 20 minutes to be told we can't valet your car if your not checking in.  My company was having their Xmas party and they can't valet me.  What a shit hole.  Called hotel to speak with hotel manager.  On hold for 15 minutes.  No one came to phone.  Good luck.  You will close soon.  No one will be a repeat customer.  Not to mention the joint is full of a bunch of posers.
3	I think the best things about this hotel are that it's stylish, clean, the restaurants have good food, and that you do not have to walk through the casino to get places. I wanted to love this place, but I am not quite there.  It is as family friend as a nice hotel in LV gets.The hotel was completely renovated and rebranded this year, and after a lackluster opening, they offered a steep discount, so I decided to try it.  ($100/night with $40/day beverage/dining credit.  This price includes the $25 resort fee.)  The hotel is trying a little too hard to be hip and funky, and instead comes off as cold-modern and a little depressing.  I think just changing out the horrible black/white/pink wallpaper in the hallways of the tower I was in would make a big difference.  In the room, basic amenities like a dresser were missing.  They also attached a crooked, framed map to the desk so that it is very uncomfortable to use the desk surface.  Between the framed map and the desk, I found a used ecig.I think their goal is to get back to their higher original prices.  It is currently $125/night (including the $25 resort fee, taking into account a 50% discount).  At the higher prices, I would not stay here.  The location is also on the "dead" end of the strip.  The saving grace is that it is on the monorail, but that is an additional cost of ~$12/day/person.The 2 restaurants I tried were very good and family friend.  Ku Noodle and The Griddle Cafe.  I would give them 4 stars for casual, family friendly food.  If you dine at Ku Noodle, try to stick to the handmade noodles.  My party is very familiar with quality Asian food, specifically Chinese food and Asian short ribs; the Southern Beef Stew is almost perfect.  I wish I could get this dish at home.  The only thing I would add to it is something with a little acidity and texture.
1	Small rooms w/ small beds, walls are extremely thin, no wonder it's cheap, you really get what you pay for, will never stay here again.
4	The hotel room was clean and had some unique decor. My girlfriend loved the two giant 9' opposite facing mirrors that were on each bedside of the room. She also loved the complimentary make up mirror that the room had with back light switch. Each room has quality lotion, shampoo, and conditioner. The hotel room was off of the main Las Vegas road, but close enough to the strip to visit other casinos and attractions. The showers were amazing! Since it was not on the strip, there was less traffic. The cafe we tried in the lobby was good (croissants and gelato were amazing) but Ku Noodle was overpriced. We paid $25 for 12 dim sum that were really tiny. The pictures in restaurant showed big dim sun but we got REALLY small ( smaller than bite size!) Dimsub.
5	On my first trip to Vegas, years ago, I stayed at the Sahara.  It was on its decline at that point, and during subsequent visits became a hotel-casino that I was certain to avoid.  Even considering that, I was sad to see it close (another piece of old Vegas lost) and had a lot of trepidation about the re-opening as the SLS (or the sodium laurel sulfate, as I think of it).  Can you open a swanky place on the North end of the Strip?  I decided to check it out, thanks to cheap room rates ($43 plus the ubiquitous $25 resort fee) and quick access to the highway (so we could get out to the wilderness without having to brave Strip traffic).  I don't think you can tell this used to be the Sahara unless you really knew the old property and pay a lot of attention to the layout.  The SLS is modern and feels like a new place even though parts of the place date back to the 1950s.  It amused me to read reviews where people talked about the SLS as a property that was "just built" - but really, it's promising that the place feels so new and not just like a refresh of the tired old Sahara.  Maybe this will help bring new life to the North end of the Strip.  It's on the Monorail, so it's connected to the rest of the Strip without being in the middle of everything.  The restaurants all sound amazing, though we only tried the Griddle Cafe, but it was quite good (but beware - portions are INSANELY large).  The room we got in the Story Tower was pretty crazy, and I strongly recommend checking YouTube for a video tour of one of these rooms.  Mirror on the exposed concrete ceiling, bed and sofa frames that light up, sliding mirrored panels to reveal the bathroom, and bright yellow walls.  I really liked the aesthetic and functionality of the reasonably small room, but I can see why some people are sort of taken aback by the boldness of everything.  The room was clean and comfortable, and check-in and check-out were very efficient.  They've got a really nice television system that includes all sorts of communication and information functionality.  And the monkey-themed accents are awesome - I snapped a pic of every one I could find!
5	Love the room.  small but nicely designed.price is rightcasino not very busylocation is a bit far from other casino.
2	We stayed at the SLS during the first weekend of December 2014.  Typically, we enjoy staying at recently renovated/revamped hotels in Vegas because often times these hotels offer superior customer service as they are still building a "clientele."  The SLS offered pros and cons, but ultimately, in the end, the cons sadly outweighed the pros for us.Pros:  THE MONORAIL.  The monorail is the biggest perk of staying here.  Valet service was outstanding, Umami Burger is worth a trip to the hotel alone, hotel is clean, but I refuse to call it modernized, because it's essentially hipsterized, hotel provided toiletries are made in house at the Ciel Spa (pretty impressive), blackjack dealers were exceptionally friendly and very helpful.Cons:  Right out the gate, SLS rubbed me the wrong way.  I expected a "resort fee" in addition to the nightly fare.  What I did NOT expect and have NOT experienced at the other 5 hotels I've been a guest of in Vegas, was the $150.00 PER NIGHT hold that is immediately placed on your card.  We were slated for a two night stay, which meant an immediate $300 hold was placed on my card.  Most, if not all, Las Vegas hotels will place a hold on your card, but never have I ever heard of a $150.00 per night of your stay hold.  Can you imagine if you were scheduled for a five night visit?  That's a $750.00 hold on your funds.  Oh, and it took a minimum of 48 hours for that hold to be lifted once we left.  In addition, there is a strong perfume/fragrant odor in the lobby, escalator area, etc., as if fragrance was pumped in through the vents.  It was strong enough that we both ended up with migraine headaches from it.  And, despite us having a non-smoking room, we could smell smoke coming in through the vents in the bathroom.  On that note...the bathroom door was nothing more than a sliding mirror, and in our room at least it left a gap of about 1/2 an inch, so the person in the bathroom had very little privacy, because you could hear every thing, down to the tearing of toiletpaper.  I personally enjoyed the decor of the room, my husband did not.  It was a little cheesy having the mirrors all around us, but maybe that's just me.  The crowd reminded me of a mix of Jersey Shore and Portlandia.  For us, the SLS is a no-go in the future.
5	I LIKE this place - a lot!  younger, hipper vibe, relaxed, fun to hang out at.  great music, great visuals.  several very good affordable places to eat.  I came here two nights in a row instead of heading further south.  I hope it makes it!
4	The smell is a bit strong and the words "baby prostitute" come to mind when first walking into the SLS, but don't be off put by that because you get used to it. The decor is trendy and monkeys kind of stand out, but I'm into it. Room rates are inexpensive, and overall I had a nice first time stay here this past weekend. I stayed in the World Tower and was a bit nervous having a room near the elevator, but noise wasn't an issue by the time we got around to sleeping. The room was cozy and modern. I really liked the mirrors on both sides of the room which had frames that lit up. The bed was comfortable and I liked that there were outlets in the night stand. The bathroom is on the smaller side and only has a shower, but there was plenty of room for two.
1	Dear Albert (SLS Las Vegas): After 3 months contacting with Bree Lorentzen (Director of Guest Relations) for absolutely nothing, I felt even horrible and disappointed about how SLS Las Vegas handle their customer. I realized I wasted so much times on Emails and Phone Calls just because, Albert, you massaged me through Yelp said "give us another chance". However, yes, Again and Again, all the promises, never happen! Bree Lorentzen, the director of guest relations ( used to be, she said she moved to another department, nice excuse lol ) never calls me back no matter how many promises after she made. What should I say more about this Hotel? SLS Las Vegas, good luck
5	Did a 3 day stay-cation. Rooms were great, super clean and really quiet.The guys standing at the entry to the room elevators need to smile and be more friendly. The Griddle had amazing food with super large portion sizes.Spent hours at the craps table. The entire sls team at the table, including the pit boss, was so fun, nice and informative. My party had a great time and were treated very well!
3	Let's start with the good,It's clean and most of the staff is friendly enough, the casino is awesome and the pit bosses for the paigow tables were more than helpful. The comps flowed freely, whatever I asked for they gave me, admittedly I only asked for packs of cigarettes but they gave them with no problem, the tables are cheap also, 10$ paigow is almost impossible to find on the strip and un heard of at a clean "new" place. The ambiance is nice too, they pump music into the casino Whig is a nice alternative to the sound of slot machines and the normal casino din. If I was writing a review on just the casino I would give 5 stars. Unfortunately I stayed hereThe hotel rooms are embarrassingly small and the layout of our room was a bit funky, the bed was smack in the middle of the room and the bathroom or what you could call a bathroom is behind the bed, the bathroom is behind what looks like a mirror closet with sliding doors that conceal the toilet room, the shower and the sink. Since the doors were of the sliding closet door type (cheap) they did not seal the shower room as well as a regular door, this means the shower will leak water to the carpet and the entire room would stink if you had to have a #2. Not a good designThe entire establishment is designed toward the hipster crowd in a major way, none of the restaurants have normal Vegas hours ( 24 hours or late) most of them are closed during the week and room service is extremely expensive, we paid 47 bucks for a tiny 7" pizza and two 12 ounce cans of Pepsi.Would I go back? Well maybe if it was cheap, but I would not pay premium prices to stay here.
5	I love this place.  The location is great, easy to get to from the airport, only 15 mins.  The staff is super friendly.  The art is fantastic,  the rooms are nice and clean.  The shower was awesome!  I stayed there 2 weeks ago,  I already booked my next stay in three weeks!
4	Clean room? Very Good service? Very helpful Good atmosphere? Very modern & coolWorth the price? 100%Will we go back? AbsolutelyWe loved the renovations to the old Sahara. The inside was clean, modern, and so stylish. They had Fred Segal shops throughout the lobby, so you know the place is made for people seeking quality and style.The room was tiny, yet very cool the way it was set up. There was a sliding mirror wall that would slide to close the bathroom door, cover the sink, or close the shower. A great use of space by the architects & interior designers challenged by no square footage.The pool was pretty, and the staff was nice. But if you're looking for a pool to get some sun at, this is not the right place. Since the pool is in the middle of the courtyard, sunbathers have to move 4 times a day to stay in the sun. But the bar in the middle and the layout is perfect for partying.The location isn't great, you cannot really walk anywhere, but it is right next to the monorail which can take you basically anywhere. I suggest this over the cab line which can be spotty and long since it is in it's own remote location.Overall, good stay. Especially for business and for young party-ers.
4	Not a 5 star in this town because we have the Bellagio, Wynn/Encore, and Venetian/Palazzo, but SLS is in the next tier of hotel/casinos in Las Vegas. Stayed here with my wife for the weekend of our wedding and work party, and everyone was extremely nice and very helpful every step of the way. Front desk staff was very busy on a Saturday afternoon check-in but everyone seemed to be working with a smile on their face and at a rapid pace. I have read other reviews slamming the desk for having to take a deposit on the room which is absolutely unfair to the employees as it's the HOTEL policy not the EMPLOYEE'S policy! Give them a break!!Foxtail Lounge was the site of the holiday party and everyone had a great time, in part because the cooks at each of the carving stations were very nice, bilingual, and presentable. Bartenders and barbacks were busy but efficient... The casino floor was a little slower than you would like to see on a weekend night, but going into the holiday season much of our casinos aren't pulling in what they would like to, so it's not too concerning. I love to hang in the sports book, and although the SLS does have a William Hill 'Book', it's located awkwardly inside the Umami Burger and Beer Garden, so it's not really a place to hang and watch the game, more to just put in your bet and leave. Perhaps take one of the several retail outlets, which were not busy by any stretch, and put in a more legitimate sports book with some audio and video so you can watch your bet play out live, without feeling cramped. Just a suggestion SLS!The room itself was fairly small, we booked the 'King Deluxe' room, not really sure what that means as they have seemingly 100 different rooms types, none of which are all that distinguishable. Room had a flat screen TV mounted on the wall, allowing the operator to watch TV, order room service, check out of the room, review dinner menus before dining downstairs, among many other options as well. For everyone that complains about the prices in the dining venues, shame on you!!! Nobody should be taken aback about menu pricing with the ease of the SLS in-room menu viewing. Valet was the only aspect of our visit that seemed a bit sub-standard. Although it was Sunday morning checkout, there seemed to be a few attendants walking to retrieve the cars as opposed to showing some hustle to get the guests out in a timely manner. We left a few personal items in the room and immediately called about them when we got home, and the lost and found operator quickly sent a security guard to the room and got our items right then. She called me back when they bagged the items and met me downstairs the next day to return them. Overall, our stay at the SLS was a very positive one, and I fell like a lot of the reviews here aren't giving the property a fair shot. Keep in mind it's still fairly new and streamlining such a large project isn't as easy as it may seem. Look online for some package deals and you won't be spending a fortune but you will have a great time!
2	The hotel was renovated from the old Saharah hotel but, the rooms are still terrible. And, their concierge services are also very bad. The hotel is also located in distance from the main strip.
5	I had a night stay at the Lux tower, you can say it was really unbelievable gorgeous,  the room, the mirrors,  the decor, the colors, the bed everything was like from a fairytale!  5 star hotel the food is amazingly irresistible!  Will totally book another stay!
5	Very hip resort casino. The rooms have a boutique feel & unique vibe.  The location is close enough to the main strip to walk, yet far enough away to get away from the craziness. The use of monkeys throughout the resort gives a quirky but fun ambience. The restaurants are outstanding, especially Cleo.
4	SLS lived up to its acronym of style, luxury and service. The registration desk staff was friendly and helpful, but a valet named Benjamin, who helped us with our luggage, was truly outstanding. He seemed genuinely interested in our plans and suggested options to maximize our visit, which included restaurant information and upcoming SLS events. The spacious hotel room was stylish, comfortable and highly functional.  The decor was beautifully coordinated, crisp and clean - and also had an element of fun. The beds were super comfortable and the sheets felt luxurious. We loved our room and the hotel location worked for us. Affordable cab rides took us where we wanted to go.  A bonus was the photo exhibit of iconic images on the second floor via the casino area. We will definitely take the next opportunity to enjoy the SLS again!
1	Terrible layout. The hotel entrance is separate from the Casino entrance. We had to come all the way around the property to park by the hotel entrance. Check-in is slow, long lines in front of each desk. It definitely needs a lot of work to make the process faster and smoother.  The front desk also forgot the $40 credit from booking the room so I had to remind them. The room is nicely decorated but it feels like it was just renovated from an old hotel. Not much of window or natural light. The bathroom door is already broken. I would not recommend coming here until the staff is better trained.
4	After seeing pictures of this new hotel, I was excited to give it a try. I've stayed at many hotels on the strip, and love visiting new ones. Upon arrival on a Saturday morning, the place was empty! There was one other party in the valet area, and we were ignored for several minutes by workers walking past us before we were even offered valet for our car. Although we arrived at 12pm and check in is at 3pm, our room was ready and the front desk staff was friendly.  The hotel is decorated with very modern decor and smells nice! The room itself is quite small. It's probably the smallest hotel room I've stayed in..but for the price I'm not complaining. It also has LOTS of mirror space, which is great for a bunch of girls getting ready!  Food options in the hotel mirror what you can find in LA. There's 800 Degrees pizza (quick, made to order pizza for around $10), Katsuya, Umami Burger, and a buffet. The It also has a small gambling floor and beautiful pool area.Overall, our experience was good. I enjoyed the modern deco of the building and it's new features. However, it is at the very end of the strip (across the street from Circus Circus), which means the main attractions are not in walking distance. I also found it quite weird that the hotel seemed basically empty at all times. I would recommend this hotel for people looking for an affordable, modern, and quiet getaway. However, it's probably not the best place for those seeking excitement and a Vegas feeling hotel.
2	Weird layout, tiny room. Far from everything on the strip. You def. need to get a taxi, but there are not that many taxis around (mayb that is because the christmas season?). The guys who work at the valet parking area was pretty nice though. All the restaurants in the hotel has weird hour of operation. Basically I had no choice to pick a restaurant, had to go wherever it is opened. whatever I experienced in this hotel so far was unsatisfying. It will be my first and the last time staying in this hotel in Vegas.
3	Only went to SLS Casino to check out the FREE Iconicimage Gallery that I read about in the newspaper we got.They were showing photos that Terry O'Neill took of famous people like Amy Winehouse;Rachel Walsh; Frank Sinatra, etc.It was ok, not that many photos.
2	Not a very "customer service oriented casino.  Walked through, even said hi to some of the employees, most had no response.  I do this if employees don't acknowledge you, I figure if they don't care to even say hi, then I can find a place that does.  It just presents  a warmer atmosphere. I don't think this casino will last, I'm spending my money elsewhere.
2	Good: moderate price. Great modern rooms and decorations. Great restaurants.Bad: service, service, service, even months after grand opening.1.Had to stand for 45 minutes in line to register and get the key. They obviously have never heard of the "queuing theory" for a problem that is so easily solvable .2. They rudely told me that I cannot checkout at 12 instead of 11. Every other hotel I have stayed in, allow that.3. Their tv-based checkout did not allow checkout. Error message.  4. Called to checkout and was on hold for so long, I left the room in frustration 5. Checkout counter had no sign. Stayed in the wrong line to checkout and after 25 min they told me to go the last line. I asked them why no sign this line is for checkout and they just said they r sorry but no explanation!6. Another damn 30 minutes in right line to checkout....7. Staff at regular area like robots! They can only recite what they were taught and could not for a second be creative.8. $28 mandatory resort fee but the pool was closed due to whatever reason. I gave up!Really? To go through all these just to checkout! I mean u spent hundreds of millions to renovate this place but can't have a simple system in place!But if they solve their service issues, a very nice hotel! Feels like the best of them in terms of that Hollywood  feel...
2	Coming from LA, the SLS Las Vegas reminded me of home as many of the restaurants and shops are present in LA such as Fred Segal, 800 Degrees, Umami, etc.SLS stands for Style, Luxury, and Service....and perhaps many other incarnations of the acronym. However, this particular location is missing the "service" part. I guess when Sam Nazarian came up with the SLS acronym from a SL500 Mercedes, that 5 is not really an "S."I had a great room in the World Tower. It was stocked with various amenities such as a mini bar, intimacy kit, and snacks. Be forewarned, those items are on sensors and you'll be immediately charged if you removed those items from its respective tray. The best part about my room had to be the illuminating frame mirrors. I wish I had one or two of those at my home.Although the SLS is in the northern part of the strip that is seedy and dangerous, it is conveniently located adjacent to a monorail stop. I tried to walk down to the Fashion Mall from the SLS, but realized that it was not a good idea. If you need to get to other parts of the strip, I suggest you cab it or take the monorail.I was disappointed that the buffet was closed. Also, Ku Noodle only opens from 5pm to 11pm which is rather odd for a place that serves dim sum. At least the SLS Las Vegas has a good variety of restaurants which are obviously priced on the higher end. The Perq ran out of pastries during breakfast. Also, even though there is a variety of restaurants, most of them are open at odd hours or only in the evening which limits the "variety" you can have.However, the most disconcerting thing about the hotel is their terrible service. I can count the numerous times that the service was not up to par. Why am I paying for a resort fee of $28 (inclusive of tax) per day? Perhaps the managers should be reading the reviews because it echos the same sentiment, bad service.When I first entered onto the property with my car, I wanted to valet my car in the front. The guy at the front waiving the wand thought he was at a rave because he looked confused pointing me in two opposite directions. I asked him because I was confused as to where I was supposed to go. He made me drive back onto the road to go to the back of the property in the middle of rush hour traffic. After driving about 300 miles, I was exhausted and had to fight a tremendous amount of traffic going to the back of the property. I wanted to valet my car in front, not the back. It kinda defeats the purpose of having a front valet too.On one of the days I was staying at the SLS, I requested numerous times for housekeeping to clean my room. I even left the room on multiple occasions to allow for the cleaning. Unfortunately, it was not clean at 5pm. I even told the operator after the first time that I had a feeling that despite putting the request, they weren't going to do it. After coming back from a late dinner, I came back at 11pm and still no housekeeping. At that point, I called again voicing my concern and they apologized for not cleaning. They offered to clean at 11pm. Really? At 11pm, I am going to bed. They had the entire day to clean and was pissed that I made plans to leave the property so they could clean.At times, the registration line was in shambles at different times of the day. There were multiple lines and people blocking the hallways. In reality, this is a fire hazard and would be a citable offense by the fire marshal.I needed soap and requested it. Unfortunately, the order was not fulfilled in a timely manner (30 minutes). I asked the same operator again and she was surprised that it wasn't delivered. After about an hour, it finally came. It shouldn't take an hour.WiFi Service was dismal. The internet connection was intermittent to the point where I just tethered my phone for reliable service. I asked myself again why SLS charges the resort fee for amenities that do not function properly. I couldn't checkout via their TV system because of an error on their part. So, I called the front desk and of course waited for at least 30 minutes. Finally, I gave up and went downstairs to checkout. Again, you have the situation of multiple lines and people confused. I have to say that there are plenty of employees onsite and can direct people appropriately. I did not see this. Anyhow, I luckily got in the correct line to checkout, and told the front desk guy about my frustrations. He didn't address my concerns of course which left a bad taste in my mouth.I really think I should be refunded my resort fees at this point. I hope they fix the service issues as I see lots of potential for this property.
5	SLS did a outstanding job across the board. Of course I lost (Las Vegas wasn't built on winners.) I care about how I am treated. We went to the spa, must do again!! We are spa connoisseur. Some of the Florida Spas owners should come here to get lessons. The spa here almost better then the most private resorts in Hawaii.  (Yes I am being serious)The Gym is part of the resort fee and the spa offers 25% off for locals (check for dates). I like the fact that you need a room card to use the elevators. I cant wait for the next time I get to stay here!
1	OMG! I should have checked out yelp review before booking!  It's 1am in the morning and we spent 5 hours in traffic today to get here.  Im so upset that i cant sleep and have to sincerely warning ppl not to book here. Every bad review here are true:*Long registration line*Bad customer service We checked in at 10pm tonight, front desk checked us in to a room that's not what I booked for!  Until I got the key and I notice it said "Story tower" and I remember I booked "World tower". So I returned to front desk and ask if they gave me by mistake, THEN they told us "World" is already booked up! (Wrong #1:you should have acknowledge us prior to giving us the room) and then try to hard sell us that "Story" has more amenities and it's in cool NY loft style.  Okay,  we don't want to be the trouble maker so even I know I didn't like Story style when I booked online already, we thought to take a look.  Jezzz...this is a joke! ..it's so bad that I find its hard to believe this is a famous SLS hotel and I even can't believe I'm in Las Vegas!  This is the worst worst worst hotel ever! THE ROOM IS SUPER SMALL! It's all cheaply furnished! Even my dorm room from 10 years ago is better.  We cannot live with it so we go back down to front desk and request room change.  Finally we got a room at "World".  The decorations is nice and is what I expected,  so we started to settle in, after I naked for shower, then I found out there is NO hot water, see my review in pictures below on FB.
4	I like it a lot! Really modern and sleek. The diner in the lobby was TRULY some of the yummiest food that I had while I was there. Yes, it's a smidge far away from the strip, but the tram to the strip is on/property. Spend a little for a tram ticket, save yourself some $$$ in the longrun.
4	I received a complimentary stay offer through the CODE loyalty program and decided to take advantage of it on December 25.  I arrived just prior to the check in time of 3:00pm and there was a large group of guests waiting to check in.  Thankfully, the front desk was fully staffed, which kept the lines moving, albeit at a slow pace.  The rep I worked with was efficient and thoroughly explained the amenities available and I was on my way to the World Tower.  I knew what I was getting into room-wise, so I wasn't surprised to see that the rooms were a bit smaller than a standard Las Vegas hotel room.  The room was extremely clean and smelled fresh, much like the rest of the lobby and common areas.  The bathroom was also extremely clean and fully stocked with amenities from the Ciel Spa located in the hotel.  As I settled in, I noticed that the wi-fi that's paid for with the resort fee was going in and out.  I was at the end of a hallway, so I assume this was the reason.  I mentioned it to the front desk rep at check out, but as the room was comped, it was more for informational purposes.  He said they'd let their engineers know and that a repeater may need to be adjusted or reset.  If you're staying here for the wi-fi....look elsewhere.I gambled a bit in the casino and ended up a little bit, so I'm happy about that.  I didn't eat on property this time, but I have had great experiences at The Griddle, The Buffet at SLS (when it was still open) and Perq (even though it is super pricey.)The bed was comfortable, the bluetooth iHome was a nice touch and I really enjoyed the peace and quiet that I experienced during my stay.  I docked the star for the sub-par wi-fi and the delayed check in.
3	I did not stay at the SLS. I just came to check out Vegas' newest mega casino attraction.It's a good thing we had a car, because there is no walking to the SLS. I mean you can, but really you should be taking the tram to it, or you should hail a cab. It's a forever away, and it makes me think that this is why the Sarah (read as: the old casino here) went under. The SLS is beautiful inside. It takes the swanky hip vibe the cosmo has going on, and one-up's it. However something that the Cosmopolitan has that SLS does not, is a large group of people. Now maybe I was here at an off time, sure, but still this place was D-E-A-D. No waitress service. Very low traffic.  I love the way it looks. It really is cool. The Games are modern. But in regards to everything else, it just dost feel poppin'
1	Worst hotel room I ever got in Las Vegas. Star level is misnomer as the hotel rooms do not match what you will pay for.Tiny room, no real bathroom. Toilet room is sliding door that opens to bed area. Same with shower. Unfinished ceiling exposed concrete. Feels like prison when you look up. Bed headboard pointing toward doorway.  Big faux pas in Chinese culture cause that's how dead people are laid. Tv is sideways from bed and couch. No closet. Tiny ass sink....DO NOT STAY HERE.
1	This place sucks! People are rude and the rooms are not the greatest.1) I'm all about customer service and they are definitely not up to par-- especially GABRIEL from operator. Who do you think you are? Get a new job if you can't get your job description appropriately conveyed. Annnnnd-- I was seriously on hold for the front desk for 30 min and counting!!! Just to ask for late checkout. I can understand busy-ness, but if your that busy please be prepared to be fully staff! I have never waited that long (anywhere) to get a hold someone!2) I'm from LA and been to SLS in Beverly Hills and this is not even close to it.  If you're expecting that same ambience and pleasure, you will not get it here.3) The layout is small.  From the casino and the whole hotel.  Not impressive at all! Feels like a half ass attempt to make this place glamorous.** Highly not recommend this place to anybody. Go elsewhere!!!
3	The hotel overall is not bad. One major issue is that the hotel doesn't filter the cigarette smoke so you can smell it everywhere. The valet check in was very unorganized they need more employees. Our room was ok the curtains that have paintings on them are strange and cheap why not just paint the walls instead. House keeping was a bit strange it was very surface not deep cleaning like you normal see. They never replaced our cups for new ones. The hallways to our room smells and the doors and walls need a good repaint and sand job. I saw lots of corners that were chipped which is a bad look. The charges that everyone says that are for random things do appear on your credit card which we will address with them. They need some work with this hotel a deep cleaning a contractor to help fix the damages around the property and a painter so they get rid of these cheap panels with flor de lay print. The restaurants and nightlife venues are the best! With some work the hotel can get better.
4	The reason for four stars is definitely our room! We stayed in the lux king suite and it was beautiful. I love the vintage stye. The room was very spacious with a couch the length of one wall, a desk area, a shower with two heads, his and her sinks, and a large closet area. Not to mention the robes were super comfy, felt like a down comforter. The bed was also very comfortable and the mirror on the ceiling was a nice touch. The room definitely made up for the underwhelming casino floor. Lots of good restaurants to pick from but we only made it to 800 degrees (pizza) which was good and the only place open after midnight which is a let down. The staff was friendly enough and quick. It's kind of far from the main attractions but there's a monorail that picks up from the sls and takes you down the strip making various stops, $5 one way $12 for a day pass. Much cheaper than a cab! Overall, I was satisfied and would stay here again.
3	Their king size bed is actually queen size. Room is tiny. We are pretty disappointed. Overall the design is very modern and nice. The griddle cafe is wonderful but long line in the morning.
1	Here I go. Our expectations coming into this hotel was not even high to begin with. (expecting a 3/4 star hotel at best). But, it was NOT EVEN CLOSE TO 3 star. Honestly, this isn't even a hotel, they should reclassify it as a motel which is also in the most ghetto area of Las Vegas. Please don't waste your time or money even thinking about trying this place out.  The hotel location is also way too far from the strip. It will take you at least an hour to get anywhere from there. Overall, I wouldn't even recommend this to my mother-in-law and that's saying something. I won't even get into the details of the bathroom and vanitys issues in the hotel since other people already said it all (but trust me it's garbage). P.S there is a lot of false advertising here. The 5 star comments are not even close to being realistic...
1	SLS = STAY THE F*CK AWAYWhat, the acronym doesn't match? Well, it doesn't f*cking matter, because you should avoid this place like the f*cking plague.Here is a (too long) list of things that went wrong during our less-than-48-hours stay:1. The elevator in the attached parking structure broke down TWICE for extended periods of time.2. LiFE Nightclub didn't let anyone in until about 11:30 Friday night despite a HUGE line outside because of an isolated power outage.3. THERE WAS NO HOT WATER FOR AT LEAST 6 HOURS ON ONE OF THE NIGHTS. THIS IS THE MIDDLE OF F*CKING VEGAS WINTER AND YOU HAVE NO HOT WATER?! SERIOUSLY?!4. Despite all of the above, it still took me and my dad hours of bitch-mayhem at the front desk to get our ridiculous $28/night resort fee waived.5. Housekeeping was EXTREMELY cheap. Used up toiletries were NOT replaced the second day.I would give this place zero stars if Yelp allowed it. But since I'm forced to give it at least one star, I will say that the hotel rooms do have cool illuminated infinity mirrors. But that's it.Where other companies implode old hotels and rebuild something new and magnificent, SBE only slightly remodeled the old Sahara.NEVER AGAIN.
1	I never review places, but I felt I had to say something about the SLS. My family stayed here for one night on our family vacation. To start, our room smelled like a combination of wet dog, old dumplings and garbage. We then all went to dinner downstairs at Umami Burger, which we thought was delicious until my father, sister, and brother-in-law likely got food poisoning. Needless to say, we canceled our reservation the next day so everyone could be sick in a more peaceful environment. That being said, I did enjoy their toiletries.
4	I stayed at SLS this past weekend and absolutely loved it... ok, more like I 4 star loved it!   Things I absolutely loved:1. The staff was all super friendly, even the custodial staff2. The casino was kept super clean and I never smelled cigarette smoke unless someone was smoking right beside me3. The rooms were amazing!  Super comfy beds, unique decorations, 2 huge light up mirrors, a clean and modern bathroom with a great assortment of toiletries including a sewing kit and a kit containing q-tips and cotton pads.4.  I asked the cleaning lady to refill the toiletries I used and she left me 2 of each5.  The prices in their coffee shop were very reasonable.  They charged less than the Starbucks back home6.  They have a monorail stop and I love the monorail! Things that need to be improved upon so they can get 5 stars:1.  The check in desk isn't marked and I nearly walked past it.  I had to ask the girl behind the counter if it was where I checked in- I'm sure she's asked so often she's sick of it!2.  The bed is directly under the window.  This led to my head being super cold at night even with the heater blaring.  Closing the blinds and pulling down the blackout shade helped a little but it was still pretty cold.  3.  The internet is super unreliable.  I had to constantly reconnect it and the signal was constantly lost.4. The bellhop had a desk in the morning when I dropped my bag off to be stored.  Upon return the desk was gone and I was sent "Out the door and to the right" and ended up at the valet desk.  I was expecting a desk but the bellhop was just a man standing near the cab area with his back to the hotel. This hotel was great and I truly enjoyed every minute of my stay- I didn't want to leave!  Hopefully they work out the kinks and I can give them a 5 star rating on my next stay!
1	The worst experience in Vegas . The only reason I went to this hotel was because I was attending a comedy show And I wanted it to be convinent . What a bad mistake.After  waiting in a stupid line of cars for 10 minutes and getting out of my car to find a valet attendant  in front of the hotel , I was told since I am checking in,  I have to drive around and go to the back entrance to valet the car.There was not enough valet attendants there either and it took them good 15 minutes to take my car , then there was no bell man to get my luggage out of the car for 10 minutes , so the valet attendant had to take my luggage out of the car .Then another long line to check in . The rooms are small and the walls are draped in weird and ugly curtains . Bad taste .A beautiful wall paper would be much classier and tasteful .The entire hotel has picture and statutes of monkeys ,  another weird and scary theme .There was a big stain on the duvet cover and at night when I realized there is no top sheet , I called the housekeeping at least 4 times to finally get the manager and after one hour they delivered the top sheet to my door around 11 :00. Upon checking out, I had to wait for the bell person for half hour to take my luggage downstairs and finally I got tired of waiting and took the luggage myself .I was waiting for the valet to bring my car for 45 minutes . Not enough valet attendants and very unorganized and confused employees .I hated staying in the hotel and would never return there And on top of it the resort fee ! Don't waste your money in this hotel , Wynn , encore and aria are much better than this piece of crap .This hotel doesn't even deserve one star but yelp requires at least one star.
4	Four stars mainly for the restaurants. Cleo is my favorite because of the crafty cocktails and delicious food. The hotel is nice but with all the competition in the area I wouldn't pick it to stay unless you have a free room. Very far from the great nightclubs on the strip.
2	Pros:-Modern style decor; mirrors that light up, brightly lit floor at the entrance, clean bathroom with sliding door entrance.-Fun Casino; won quite a few times while playing.-Beautiful view of sunrise/set.-Fitness center had a variety of machines to use, and offered free towels and water bottles.-A variety of restaurants downstairs.Cons:-Snacks/drinks were not restocked by the time we checked in. They charged us for that. After we complained, they lifted the charge, but never restocked. So even if we wanted to have drinks/snacks, we weren't going to get them.-The hot water didn't work the first night we stayed so we had to take cold showers.-Housekeeping would only come to make the bed-didn't change the sheets. -Walls are paper thin -you could hear people walking up and down the halls.-Expected to have a little coffee machine, or tiny fridge, but the only accesories we had other than our empty snack/drink area was an ice bucket-other accessories (like a bottle opener) were missing from our room. But other family members in another room had theirs.It was a nice, modern atmosphere, for a first time in Vegas, but the staff did not keep up with expectations, and we will most likely not stay here again on our next visit to Vegas.
3	I like how much work they did to change this place from how beat up it used to be but it still feels a little off, something about the flow of things. There's lots of places to shop at and good restaurants but unfortunately they aren't open all the time. I wanted to go to the griddle place but it wasn't open :(The casino is very small and I couldn't find all the games I love to play so it needs some more slot games. It definitely looks a lot better then it ever did but it still needs some more work in my opinion.
3	The hotel room was really tiny and the setup was not very functional but the room was awesome. Very retro modern! The bed sat in the middle of the room and the headboard lit up, which was very cool. The yellow tile in the shower was also really cool and so was the giant mirror on the ceiling ( wink wink)! I think the size of the room was a bit too small especially if you are staying more than one night. The staff were friendly but the hotel maids were a bit obnoxious. Checkout was not until 11am but they knocked on the door 2 times before 11am to see if they could clean. Overall it was an enjoyable stay and I would possibly go back!!
1	I'm from Orange County, been to the SLS in Beverly Hills. I was excited to stay here, but when checked in I was so utterly disappointed. The hotel seems like it's trying too hard. The room is tiny, the ceiling is unfinished and the windows had mini blinds, bathroom was so weird having the sink in the outside of the room. You can't  even wash your hands immediately after using the toilet, instead you have to slide the door first. How unsanitary is that? Then as we get into the bed the bed was missing fitted sheets. I called front desk they sent housekeeping to give us the sheets to put it on ourselves. WTF, I didn't come here to pay for a room and to put on the sheets on myself. Then called front desk again, they send other people up and this time they say beds don't come with fitted sheets....lol I asked housekeeping why front desk didn't just tell me this on the phone, their reply was they probably don't know. Wow, goes to show how they've got things together at this hotel. This is my first and last time here. Looks like this hotel won't last long. SLS you need to stay as a small hotel and not compete in Las Vegas. The hotels here are for the big dogs and you're not a fit for Vegas!!!
5	We had a fabulous 3 night stay at the SLS casino & hotel in Vegas very recently! My boyfriend and I needed a getaway and opted for the Vegas route. Prices were low and SLS was offering some cyber Monday deals. The place is more super hipstery and redone in a modern west Hollywood/Miami vibe. Pulling from their old history as the Sahara casino in some old photos on the carpet which is cool it has awesome video behind the front desk and cool touches everywhere you look even if they are strange at least it's something different and new in Vegas which has been struggling to get a new resort casino off the ground since the recesh hit back in '07. I saw a lot of complaints from other yelpers about how small the gaming floor is. This seems like a strange complaint because how big do you need a gaming floor to be really?! Even if the gaming floors are huge it's just the same slots and tables repeated everywhere. This is an accessible size and a place small like this lets you interact with more staff and not get so turned around you can't find your room after a few too many keir royales. As far as food options this place is teeming with some of the best food all under one roof. Katsuya, umami burger, the griddle and Cleo all under all in walking distance of my room? My belly just about exploded! The rooms are super cool. Wish they had knocked down a few walls and made all the rooms a bit larger but the decor was on point and the only real complaint from me is that there was no closet in my room to store away some of our stuff (we don't travel lightly) I really like the little flap that protects the peephole from the inside. I don't know if anyone can actually see into other rooms from the outside of the peephole but that's a cool touch. Also the shower was amazing! Rain head from the top and then another from the side! Pretend your in a rainforest! We also checked out the nightclub LiFE on a Saturday which was crazy intense cool energy lots of spectacle and lighting to get you dancing with the DJ crowd, however bring hearing protection because it is really loud. We also enjoyed checking out the Sayers club which is their live entertainment venue, pretty cool lighting in there too but again very loud.  All in all I truly enjoyed our stay at SLS casino and can't wait to come back and see what it's like when the weather is warmer! I would love to check out the pool which looked super cool from our room.
5	I recently spent 4 days in this wonderful place. I am not sure what all the negativity is about in the earlier posts but they sure seem to have solved all the problems . I have to say one of the things that stood out for me the most was the innovative cocktails and their originality. Who ever came up with these amazing drinks needs a raise because I spent hundreds of dollars at Katsuya, and  Cleo on these amazing cocktails. I will most definitely be coming back to the SLS. Bravo to a casino/hotel well done!
5	Geez, I have to say this is just like a white whine fest. From "my pillows are too small", or "the bed sheets are from 2013 which is SO out of date" or maybe "my room is too small" or finally "my suite doesn't serve fresh caviar". Boo hoo. Okay. Now here's what you all are waiting for. I really like it. It's really modern. Even though the room is a bit small (just saying), it's comfy. It's clean. The shower is cool, and so is the bathroom. I loved all the restaurants. Maybe if you're not from LA, the places in the hotel would mean a little more to you because you've probably never heard of "Fred Segal" (is that how you spell it?) or "800 Degrees". I'm telling you, Las Vegas is like a mini Dubai. You can have breakfast, lunch, and dinner at one hotel. Awesome, right! And service was great too. But our keys broke once, and they got right on it. And then there's tons of mirrors by the elevator. I crashed into one thinking it was an open space. Don't be me. Be cautious, because I was half asleep. I have really nothing bad to say. Am I done yet? Now I am. Great job SLS!
1	Stayed at this hotel over the weekend and it was pretty disappointing. The location is completely removed from the strip and far away from everything happening. The hotel is very small and is very out dated - it is clear this hotel is not "new". The wall paper on the walls are peeling, the rooms mainly face parking lots and the walls are paper thin. We got a room on a non smoking floor and there was cigarette smoke on the entire floor, we called security but nothing seemed to happen. They are understaffed, if you call the front desk for ANYTHING you have to hold for a good 5-10 minutes (this happened a few times). My husband gambled a lot of his players card but when it came to check out - they casino host "couldn't find the amounts" so they were not accounted for, he said he can check the cameras but that would take a week, as if we were staying there for a week and were going to patiently wait, seems like a scam to me.Worst part is the towels were dirty and the shampoo/conditioners in the shower were already half used! I tried to get someone on the phone but again because they are short staffed it didn't get me anywhere. Save your money and spend it somewhere like Caesars or Venetian!
5	I was fortunate to stay there for an evening and found good food great accommodations friendly helpful people. Met a pit boss named Steve and a clerk named Grace. Really enjoyed this. A must place to see play and stay.
1	The service in this hotel is horrible. They're great in Beverly Hills where they have 100 rooms or whatever but they can't manage a 1,400 room property. There are not bathtubs in any suites. I called valet to have them pull up my car and they said I have to come downstairs, it was 30 degrees outside and I said I didn't want to wait in the cold, they told me "I can wait inside".... Waited 30 minutes on hold on the phone to talk to an operator at the time of check out. Very bad experience. I have stayed at most major properties here in Vegas and this was by far the worst. Never again.
1	Worst hotel experience ever! It's not about the location, everyone knows it's far from the strip. It's service doesn't match its star at all!1. Disordered system. We booked online, and they can not find our reservation in their system. So they rebooked one night for us without any notification! If I didn't pay attention to my email, we would have paid twice for the same room!! That's really unacceptable.2. Bad attitude. Both check-in and check-out took us more than 20min. And they don't want to be responsible for what they have done to us as listed in 1. 3. No bath tub. It's so wired, but they don't have bath tub in the whole hotel.4. No maintenance. We spent two nights there and there was no cleaning after the first night for no reason!5. Stupid sensor. They have things available in the fridge and above the fridge. If you have ever touched them, they may charge you even if you didn't consume them at all. So pay attention to the resort fee when you check out!!It's sooo disappointing experience, we would never go back again!
1	The front desk staff is rude and in no way shape or form is this a place you want to stay.
3	This casino has only been open about a year or less and it has a look of class. When you first walk in you will be amazed. It smells so good, I know this sounds funny, but this casino has an awesome air freshener system. The whole ambiance of the lobby and gaming experience has the look of luxury. The staff was extremely polite and at the crap tables they were very professional and even explained how a game is played. The only thing that bothers me about this casino, is that the location is on the north end of the strip. Yes I believe it's off the beaten path because I didn't see a lot of foot traffic. Maybe it was because I was here in the off season, I don't know but I do believe this casino has some greatness coming. As the area grows or maybe during the summer the traffic will pick up. This casino is worth a look, I don't think you're going to be disappointed.
2	This hotel is not very impressive. The staff are not very friendly, everyone from the valet guy, the front desk lady, and the host that we talked to at one of their restaurants were so "I hate my job" kind of personality/monotone. We're paying a good amount of money to stay at this hotel they could at least give a smile to their hotel desk. As far as sucky customer service, the presentation/decor of the hotel is nice. I like the hip "LA, minimalist-chic" feel to the hotel, I give that one star. The hotel was only renovated to look more modern, but you can tell the elevators aren't new, I saw two broken elevators. The walls are thin so you can hear every word of your neighbors conversations. I think that's due to the old building.Going back to the decor of the hotel, the rooms are cute too, good "selfie" lighting, and there's two full sized mirrors in the room which make it nice. This is where my 2nd star comes from. Other than that, that's all that I thought was nice. The casino is tiny, and it doesn't have a "vegas" feel to it.For the price you're better off getting a room at cosmopolitan who has better customer service and just as cool decor. (And WAY BETTER FOOD, but that's a whole other story) The location of the hotel on the strip is not great either! There's nothing around you can walk to!Stay somewhere else!!
2	The only reason to come here are the restaurants, and really only Bazaar Meats at that. The whole hotel feels like  a less well done version of the Cosmopolitan. Exposed concrete ends up looking trashy rather than cool. Throwing a bunch of Fred Segals in a hotel doesn't make it "stylish", I didn't see anything "luxurious" and the entire concept of "service" seems to exist in their name, but not their actions. I wouldn't mind staying here if the hotel rooms were discounted, but as it stands you can stay at several other nicer places on the strip for about the same money. Look for this place to hit the discount bin with the Stratosphere/Circus Circus/Riveira soon.
1	We checked in and if it wasn't for the hotel taking our money when I made the reservation we would have left immediately.  The lobby had a weird smell mixed with smoke.   When we got to our room on the 6th floor security was across the hall because the guest across from us broke the shower door.  Basically this is a scary hotel and not recommended.
5	I just recently stayed at the SLS Hotel for NYE 2015 and I went to the nightclub Life which is located inside the hotel to bring in the New Year the best way possible. The club was amazing and one of the best experiences I've ever had. Everyone that works at the SLS Hotel are all awesome people with great customer service! The night at the club i misplaced my clutch that had my iPhone 6, credit card, and ID...i was soooo panicked!! The day after the club i used the find my iPhone app and it showed that my phone was still somewhere inside the SLS Hotel, in the vicinity of Life nightclub. So on a mission i went, straight to security to see if someone would allow me to look inside the club because nothing was turned in. The sweetest lady by the name of Dani Jackson, who is the head of security on the day shift walked us into the club as the employees were cleaning up, and low and behold we found my purse with my iPhone, credit card, and ID in it!! I was on cloud nine, and if it wasn't for Dani who allowed us to go back into the club, my phone  and belongings would of been a goner for good! So DANI JACKSON thank you SOOOOOOO much for all of your help and the help of the security day staff for helping me make this Vegas trip a very memorable one!! I will definitely stay there again and refer all of my friends and family to this hotel as well!!! The SLS ROCKSSSS!!! Esp DANI JACKSON!!!! :)
2	Lets start with the good... you will find the SLS much quieter to get some sleep at night vs some of the other loud party hotels on the strip. Also, some of the best restaurants thanks to SBE. We had a fantastic NYE at Foxtail with Robin Thicke leading the midnight countdown. Classy crowd, and not too overbooked. Finally, the rates were great compared to other hotels on the strip for NYE because the hotel has only been open for a few months (SLS is the newly renovated Sahara).Now the bad... I'm going to start with the couple of comments that other guests told me at the time of checkout (no this doesn't count towards my review rating). The World Tower had no hot water that morning, and if you read other reviews this is apparently a trend. Another guest told me that his client (a rap artist) was literally spit at by a valet as a response to him acting cocky.Now my experience: I had a good amount of grievances following my 2 night stay here at SLS. To their credit, the Hotel Manager comped us the resort fees. But this hotel does not come close to the Beverly Hills SLS, where they do really stand for Style, Luxury and Service. Here in Vegas there was some style but not a lot of Luxury and Service. The small (Standard) rooms had no bath robes and no dressers. And they had mini-blinds. Not even a small ipod/iphone speaker connection or music on the t.v. We were shocked that in a "new" hotel they wouldn't have simple conveniences such as this. Also the wi-fi didn't work for either of us during our stay.Housekeeping took hours to bring us extra pillows when we called. The staff was not overly friendly. And they don't even know your room number (let alone your name) when you call. With no line it takes about 20 minutes to get your car from valet, and you can't call down to have your car pulled up. The valet is very disorganized, when we first arrived to check-in we weren't directed properly, and we had to get out of our car and start unloading in the cold before we were approached by anyone (it wasn't even busy). Finally, on NYE around 1 A.M. there was a man puking on the floor in the middle of 800 Degrees (pizza joint). It took security more than a half hour before he was relocated. I do empathize with any staff working on a night like NYE, as I'm sure this was not the first or even the second incident like this that night. However patrons were leaving and we took our pizza to-go because it ruined our meal. The SLS staff needs to have procedures/protocols when incidents like this happen. I can tell you that Cosmo and Aria wouldn't have allowed someone to vomit for 30 minutes in the middle of one of their restaurants. I really hope they can turn this hotel around, but it would take a lot of work.
4	This So Cal Kid really liked this place....very relevant! we stayed the night and had a not so pleasant experience with room. I brought (2) challenges to front desk attention on our way out to JT concert......upon return many hours later......only the little challenge corrected. The worst challenge was not addressed and I hate dirty rooms.......especially from prior occupant. wanted to try" the griddle" but line too long for my departure......by default....."perk" was good. heard pizza restaurant has cool vibe too......never saw it.I would check this place out if you want a cool vibe and monorail friendly to other parts of strip......just wish housekeeping had a better pulse on rooms and front desk was more attentive. also...bring a powerstrip.....plugs lacking in Lux tower.....over & out.......td
1	I am a las vegas local and i chose to spend my new years celebration and birthday (01/01) at the SLS. it went bad from the check in where they told me my room had been blocked out and they had to find another room. i booked a 632 sq ft lux king suite high floor. when i got to the room it was a smaller corner room. i called the front desk and they said it was their mistake but could not do anything about it since it was new years. i talked to a manager and all she was interested in was getting me off the phone she told me they had no other rooms available. i went back to the SLS website where i originally booked my room to see if they had availability and guess what they had an even larger room 955 sq ft for a cheaper price than what i had paid, but the manager insisted they had no other rooms available. Beware of this resort i have stayed at most of the other high end resorts in Las Vegas and this resort and staff are not on their levels of service. i wish i could take it all back because they ruined all of my new years and birthday plans. if this had happened at any other resort in town (Aria) i would have been comped and upgraded to a bigger room and there really was no availability they would put you up in a comparable resort with an upgraded room.
3	Ok... so I know this is a newly renovated hotel. My friend got us a comp room, thankfully. Over all its nice, and quiet. It's at the end of the strip across from circus circus. Fortunately we didn't have that view out of our window! My big complaint is that the room was filthy not only after we checked in but even more so the day after!  We did let management know, with them just giving us a big sorry but for being "new" I don't understand why there would be so much dust on the shelf where they put the dirty glass cups they put for you to use. There was hair on the restroom floor and shower as if someone was just in there. The following day there was a match and a hair clip in the bed room?  Hopefully they get their stuff together cause it could be nice.  There's a monkey theme that goes on in the casino area. Gives off the feeling you are in planet of the apes. It kinda freaked me out a little at there monkey bar with the pics of apes around the whole bar.  But I do have to say I had a fun time at the club and staff is friendly. If it wasn't for the room being a mess they may have gotten a 4 out of five stars.
4	So this is actually a pretty cute hotel with a younger crowd. The Lux suite very nice and the decor is great. Now to the real reason why I am writing my review, if you like black jack you must find Joseph and Noel. They are the sweetest people and they are great dealers!! They made my last night in Vegas a great one! Can't wait to come back
5	The hotel is WAY off the strip but sooooo fabulous. It's like a piece of all of LA hot spots in one place. If you have a chance go check it out.
1	We recently had a stay at SLS on the weekend after Christmas. Overall, the place looks nice. It's a small hotel, but the design is pretty modern. Also they have a variety of restaurants from cheaper ones to more upscale--so that was a plus since you don't have to go elsewhere to eat. That pretty much sums up the good things about this hotel.Now as far as my grievances go, I have three main issues:1. Wait time for the front desk is ridiculous. We had to wait a good 20-30 minutes before even getting to speak to the receptionist. They need to rethink of their system and maybe hire more staff for the front desk if need be.2. Staff members are not friendly. They don't have a smile on their faces and just really makes the guest feel like they don't want to be there. It brings down the whole experience of those staying at the hotel and makes you not want to come back.3. Lastly and MOST IMPORTANTLY: they had charged me twice for the room. Initially, when I booked the room online, I was already charged in full price. I was expecting upon check out to just be charged the resort fees, but again I was charged for the room fees. I had to call their accounting department and was asked to "send them an e-mail of proof that I had paid full price." This is a mistake that really should not be happening. When I had spoken initially to the front desk they had told me that I already paid in full price so I don't understand how it can be that I get charged again.For a hotel that is just beginning to have their start in Las Vegas, this one is not starting off in the right track. Granted they are somewhat cheaper, but unfortunately it is true when they say, "you get what you pay for." Stay away and go to a different hotel, even if it means you have to dish out a little bit more money. At least you know you will get quality service that you are expecting when you stay at a hotel.
1	Horrible, unprofessional customer service. Came back from an outing to find our shower door shattered with glass all over the floor. We immediately reported it to management who immediately assumed that we were responsible for it. They moved us to a different room but only upon my request did they send security up to take a report. We were told numerous times (at this point 3 times) that we would be communicated with regarding the situation and received to messages and no calls. The next morning upon checkout, our bill reflected $510 for damages. After about an hour in the phone attempting to reach the new manager on duty (they forwarded me to security manager who was also confused as to why they did that), I finally went downstairs to speak to a manager who said she would remove the charge temporarily and then call me to inform me about the investigation. Received no call again and also found that the unauthorized charge of $510 posted to our credit card. After 3 HOURS of being passed around, they finally reversed the charges. This was handled completed unprofessionally and inappropriately. Never ever staying here again. Get it together, SLS.
2	The room was clean enough but on the small side. There's a decent selection of places to eat which is good since this place is so far from everything else, once you're there you're pretty much there. The first minute in our room and we ran into the first issue. The bathroom had a huge sliding mirror door, fine idea but the sink is outside of the bathroom. So, if someone is washing their hands and someone else is going into the bathroom the hand washer gets smashed with the door. Another thought, the sink is outside the bathroom, so unless you drop one with the door half open and slip through the crack and the slip through the crack on the sink side to wash your hands you're forced to touch the door with doodoo hands. While we're on hand washing, the hotel provides those stupid little bars of soap but no soap dish so the terrible little bar just chills on the sink top getting soap water all over. The next thing we found out was that there was an ice bucket but no ice machine. We called to ask if maybe we just failed to find the ice machine on our floor and we were told, no we didn't, they don't have them. Of we wanted ice we had to order it to the room. Other than that the room was ok, but small. The beds, which were also small, to fit in the small room, light up (the head boards) as well as the couch. So, if you're into that sort of thing, there you go. If you stay here just remember to bring your own ice, your own soap dish, and some antibacterial wipes for the doodoo covered doors.
4	This is in the old Sahara casino. Some of the casino is filled with old relics, stripped down ceilings, eclectic mix of monkey pictures, and various classic old time pictures can be found on walls, carpets, employees uniforms. The casino is a little away from what people call the strip. Quiet this casino can be but service and quality are not compromised. Various staff are helpful and willing to answer questions. A simple rewards card program is available to sign up for free play. My card had an issue and slot staff were helpful and quick to provide assistance. Walk ways are large. Decor is chic. Very clean (couldn't smell smoke).Some bars and restaurant are not open until early evening. Signage was clear. Good friendly efficient staff. Bad lost some money. Wish restaurants and bars were better hours. Things to check out: monkey pictures, old classic pictures around and in the art gallery, employee uniform, reverse kaleidoscope, and outdoor artwork. Center BarOne of two main bars located in the old Sahara new SLS casino.Bar staff was friendly and prompt when free. We ordered some house special artesian cocktails and some everyday drinks. Among those cocktails ordered was  Jasmines Margarita, and a Perry Alexander. Both drinks hit a good mark on  alcohol and flavor. The margarita with pomegranate juice was refreshing. The Perry Alexander was similar to a chocolate espresso. Not too creamy (dairy). We had ordered other various beverages while gambling at the bar. A few martinis from the two bar tenders helping my friends and I. Ordered mixed and fairly made with care. Both bartenders took the time to listen to requests. Good: fresh made from scratch drinks, friendly and efficient staff. Bad: wish there was more artesian choices. I will come back.
2	We just stopped by here to grab a few drinks and gamble a little. SLS grabbed our attention with the modern and upscale vibe so we thought it would be busy and upbeat, however, business was slow and the bars were close to empty. I took this as an opportunity to get an empty roulette table. I immediately had a bad experience with the dealer. He thought he was being a funny guy but his comments were brash from the moment I sat down. Was he trying to be sarcastic-funny or insulting? I wasn't sure what to make of it but I was sure that he hated his life. I quickly cashed out and got out of there. It's unfortunate that their service is so poor when this place looks like it would be white glove. There's a Fred Segel shop in here and a few restaurants that look trendy but I wont be giving them a chance. From other reviews and my own experience, the poor service is destroying their potential and they really need to work on turning it around.
2	It's just the Sahara covered in paint. The rooms are small and cheaply done (imo). We had a window at the head of our bed and there was definitely a draft. My biggest pet peeve was they do not use a flat sheet. Huh? you ask, yes you have a mattress covered in a sheet and a comforter...no sheet in between. I called housekeeping to verify this was correct and they confirmed it. They did  offer to add a sheet but I still found this odd and quite honestly nasty. The check in and out lines were very long and they did a very poor job of organizing the lines. I see they are going for a boutique feel but for the price stay at the Artisan and have plenty of money left for the cab fare to the strip. Being a local we stay on the strip often, because drinking and driving is never an option and I just love the strip. Plenty of hotel options in Vegas, this is one you can skip.
3	I didn't stay here but the time I had here as a local was good. Brittany at the The Code desk was super helpful, outgoing, and friendly when the other two girls seemed like they were on sedatives. Jeremy and Shannon at the center bar were amazing and friendly and brought us good luck. Our cocktail waitress in the slots was quick.  Overall the place is oddly decorated, loud and flashing. I'd go back if I was in the area. I went to Umami burger and Bizarre but I'll comment on their sites individually.
