4	yummy food, surprisingly good service considering it was really crowded, even provided me with a telephone book.  ihop will always rule over denny's!!
4	good breakfast and service for my whole family(we all agreed), ehehehe!!!
4	My wife always wanted to try the pancakes here for the breakfast and finally after so many years the wish was granted :). We ordered strawberry and chocolate chip pancakes, yummy  and veggie omellete...its good  to have a place little off the strip to have refreshing and filling breakfast in morning.
3	This was our last Las Vegas meal before shopping at the outlets and heading back home.  We got there on a Thursday morning around 11:00am and this place was BUSY!!!  We got seated right away at a small table.  They really pack you in...I was back to back with a stranger at another table but at least we didn't have to wait.The boyfriend got the Veggie omelette and I created my own.  We upgraded to the blueberry pancakes and the strawberry and banana pancakes.  The food was really good and if we hadn't been so hungry we could have shared one omelette and that would have been enough.The reason that this place didn't get a fourth star was because for two omelettes, two coffees and two orange juices it cost $45.00 (not including tip).  With tip our breakfast was $54.00!!!  That's outrageous.  I guess I was SO hungry when we came in that I wasn't checking the prices closely enough.Even though the food was good and so was the service I didn't feel like it was worth the price.  Next time I'll just go to the hotel buffet!
4	I haven't been to an IHOP for over 10 years.  I thought maybe we should try it while we're in vacation.  To my surprise the place was packed.  We were seated fairly quickly. The coffee was bottomless refill. Which I love.  The pancake combo came with 2 pancakes, hash browns, ham and two eggs and style you like for $7.49.  What a good deal for breakfast.  The pancakes were perfect and eggs over easy, yum!The IHOP is close to the airport car rental and to the Las Vegas Premium Outlet.
3	The bf and I came here around lunch time and the place was packed!Not even a minute we came in we were called to our seats while there were several people waiting to be seated before us. Our server introduced herself to us and she just didn't seem like she wanted to be here but she did deliver.I went to the restroom to wash my hands and this is the first time I've ever seen a worker in uniform using her phone with her planner out in the restroom.The managers stuck out like a sore thumb in the crowd.Anyways I ordered the $10.29 breakfast sampler came with 2 eggs, 2 sausage links,  and the bf ordered the special ultimate combo breakfast for $7.99 which was a tiny bit different but practically the same.Server was nice and checked up on us to see how were doing which was nice after she saw that I was disappointed.  I explained to her that my order is practically the same as his but more expensive which I didn't understand.  She said the orders are not the same and that it is better to order from the specials which was the best advise she can give me.  My best advise for the servers here are to suggest a special for a customer as an alternative for a better deal to get a better tip.The food was good, but I could have gotten a better deal if I would have known.  Now I know.
3	The bf and I came here around lunch time and the place was packed!Not even a minute we came in to give the guy my name he didnt get my name right, we were called to our seats while there were several people waiting to be seated before us. Our server introduced herself to us and she just didn't seem like she wanted to be here but she did deliver.I went to the restroom to wash my hands and this is the first time I've ever seen a worker in uniform using her phone with her planner out in the restroom.The managers stuck out like a sore thumb in the crowd.Anyways I ordered the $10.29 breakfast sampler came with 2 eggs, 2 sausage links,  and the bf ordered the special ultimate combo breakfast for $7.99 which was a tiny bit different but practically the same.Server was nice and checked up on us to see how were doing which was nice after she saw that I was disappointed.  I explained to her that my order is practically the same as his but more expensive which I didn't understand.  She said the orders are not the same and that it is better to order from the specials which was the best advise she can give me.  My best advise for the servers here are to suggest a special for a customer as an alternative for a better deal to get a better tip.The food was good, but I could have gotten a better deal
3	It's IHOP, it's breakfast food.  I actually like IHOP a lot.  I don't know what it is.  I like the hash browns and the sausage links.  The trick with IHOP is to always order the special.  If you order off the menu you can easily walk away with a $30 breakfast bill.  I don't know about you I don't really care to spend that much on breakfast.  So order the special because it is usually $6 or $7 and you'll get some special pancake or french toast.  With the food aside, this is why I like this IHOP.  First off this is the closest IHOP to our house so we end up here every once and while.  The thing with this IHOP is it is the tourist IHOP.  So when you walk up you can freak out by seeing how many people are in the restaurant.  Let me tell you what though, this restaurant is top notch with turning tables!  In fact they should teach other restaurants how to do what they do.  You can walk up to this restaurant and see a long line but still be seated and walking out of restaurant in 30 minutes.  In fact sometimes you leave and not realize that you have eaten that fast.  So don't let the line scare you.  Most of time they are really fast.  Cheers!
1	I had a hankering for Pancakes, and a glass of Milk..I had'nt been to the IHOP in years..Call me a CHEAPSAKATE...My bill was $11.65,plus a $3.00 tip. for.3 pancakes.Sm Milk..A f*#*ing Carafe of Coffee(I ordered a cup)..ok the Pancakes were undercooked,they split in half,when I put the fork in them..the milk was great..The coffee good and hot...service great..but $15.00 come on..I shoulda went Denny's for that $2/$4/$6/$8deal...
3	As the music pounds the crowd the camera cuts to the couple."You wanna head somewhere more private?"She yells "WOOOOO" one last time and nods as the camera pulls back from the couple at the bar. We see them wade through writhing bodies.The camera hard cuts to a bright table at IHOP with three guys nursing coffee as they wince at sounds and light."where's Sean?" on of them asks, his voice rough from yelling, cigarettes and shots. The other two shrug, but manage an envious grin.You've seen this scene, or one just like it in every Vegas hipster movie made after the 80's. This my friends, is quite possibly that IHOP. It's on the strip, south side of town, and I've sat next to more than a few rough looking groups, in rumpled club wear, bridesmaid dresses, or wardrobe malfunctions held together with paperclips or safety pins.Now that we've established the environment, let's look at the food and service. If you are sober, and not hung over, I'd say both are average within the range of breakfast places. If however, you are feeling fragile, heading south early one morning, or just "ending up here" the coffee is hot, service is fairly quiet and quick, and most of the food is simple and well suited to sit ok on all but the most heinous of hangovers.
4	We like IHOP.  We had an incident with the kids' yogurt, apparently, they were bad, but no big deal, we just didn't eat it.   But our server was nice enough and brought a bowl of fruits for my girls... that was nice!
1	I ordered the steak omelet...When my order arrived it had no steak...Then I had the waitress take it back...She gave me a new order that had steak on it...but then the egg wasn't cooked all the way...and I mean it was almost raw. I sent it back for the third time and finally got the right order.
2	It  Only Took About 15~20 MIns To be Seated for 4 people  even though the Place was Packed like Sardeines . Well We were seated and were ignoerd for about 5~10 Mins than the waitress came took the Drink Orders Then never came back for like 5~10 min than the assisant manager was walking by FAST we said Politely " Excuse us we R Ready to Order . and Totaly IGNORE like she Pressed A Facebook Button . Than The Prices were like going to A fancy Restrant .than after 15~20 Mins we decide to get up and get GOING than right from rising they come with the drinks and when we walked away They gave the rudest Smurk and i forgot the head waitress rolled her eyes after telling her we were ready to Order  this was after one of the 2 assisant Managers IGNORED US ! Well every one was starring at us in Suprize or something and the 2nd assiant manager and the Manager/ Boss Whatever came to us and said we r sorry we will knock off 50% your Bill . Well a few of my family members said NO . Thanks and walked out . Thats the story ! :) :(
3	One of the few chain restaurants that I particularly enjoy, even in a town synonymous with all-you-can-eat breakfast buffets offered up at low prices.  I know, I know.  It doesn't make a lot of sense to leave the strip for a chain restaurant breakfast.  There is just something about their pancakes and blueberry syrup that I find unavoidable though.  Upon arriving, we saw the line out the door.  Good grief, why aren't people having breakfast at their hotel, I think with no sense of irony?  Amazingly though, the line moves fast.  In less than 10 minutes, everyone was seated.  This is rather impressive considering just how small this particular IHOP is.  Indeed, the booths are a bit cramped in an effort to maximize the available seating.  The kitchen and wait staff do a remarkable job handling the constant volume though.  Every single special request (my girlfriend's parents are kind of picky) was met with ease and a smile.  We had all of our food in a timely manner, and we were never in want for a refill.  I was pretty happy.  The food of course is consistent with IHOPs everywhere, if not a touch better than some of them.  Definitely a good spot.  The only drawbacks beyond the tight seating was the lack of a good view out of the windows and the tight parking situation outside -- a testament to the premium placed on real estate in these parts.  Other than that, I would be hard pressed to say anything negative.  Recommend.  3.5 stars
4	Much like every IHOP this location was crowded and like most locations it's open 24 hours and makes a ton of money! We came here for breakfast because we didn't really want the cafe at the bottom of the hotel we were staying at. Despite the massive hungry breakfast crowd, we were sat within 20 minutes. Our server did a great job too!It's always a tradition for IHOP to bring back the funnel cakes once a year. My mom in particular seems to enjoy them. They're good but every time we eat at IHOP, no matter who I'm with, I always go after the Cinnastax Pancakes. It's pretty much a hybrid of pancakes and cinnamon rolls. They take the cinnamon and sugar fillings and spread it over each pancake. Then you have a stack about 5 high and cream cheese frosting at your disposal. I always get extra frosting and pretty much eliminates syrup. I like to think of it as dessert for breakfast or a major sugar rush.
1	If you want a crape go to the Paris Hotel ... you will spend the same amount if money and get a much better meal! I paid 55.00 for 4 people for breakfast. I received two tiney crapes with stawberry syrup & 4 previously frozen strawberries on top... waste of time and money! ! I thought this place was cheap... I guess the food is... save your money, go to the Paris Hotel and get a decent pastry! The waitrss was sow embarassed when I inquired about my 9.00 crapes ... she tried to make it better by bringme some fresh fruit. Save yourselfthe headache keep on driving!
4	I have no idea how we ALWAYS end up at IHOP every single time we visit Vegas. One would think it is the only restaurant available but more like one out of thousands of options. Still end up here. Anyway, we get off the plane and look for breakfast and end up here.We were there early in the morning so it was not busy at all. Service was friendly and was pretty quick. I ordered the Rooty Tooty Fresh 'N Fruity and my husband ordered a Garden Stuffed Crepe. Also topped it off with much needed coffee. Mine was supposed to come with 2 pieces of bacon but it came with 4. Somebody was probably trying to fatten me up. As always, IHOP satisfies my hunger. I tasted my husband's crepe and was not a fan of the hollandaise sauce. It taste good since my husband scraped it off.All in all we always come here. The price seems to get higher every time but still worth it. Thank you IHOP for being our go-to-off-of-the-plane restaurant.
3	This the same as any i hop that you go to it  does not really change unless you are at a place where you might get shot. there food is alright the only thing that separates i hop from denies is the syrup they have better syrup.
3	A three you shall be because your bacon did not make me glee...Ok so that was a bad rhyme, but that is mostly why I give this IHOP a three because out of my eggs, which were cooked right, my hash browns which were a sweet golden...well brown, and my toast, the bacon was not up to par. It was chewy  and cold, and it tasted as though it had been sitting out for a day or so. Needless to say I have definitely had better. However, IHOP is a great chain, though since I moved to Vegas, Blueberry Hill has been my favorite breakfast spot, and I wanted to give this one a three at least because the wait at such a busy time on a Saturday morning was great. We got there and they had said 15min, but as soon as we sat down and got a couple sentences out, they called us and we had  table. There was a lot of folks in front of us too, but they got them a table quickly I guess. One things I would recommend is if you have a group of 8, just get two tables of four, because this guy next to us apparently had been waiting a while and he was not very happy at the IHOP staff. Service was quick, food was decent except for the bacon, so all in all a three fits just fine for this location.
4	Decent food and service- hey, it's a diner- if you want flawless food & service go elsewhere and pay $50. plus. Great breakfast menu!!! Will be back!!
4	IHop my way over here, getting what I expected but never disappointed. Wait staff always finds a smile. I was glad to see that the fruit bowl was fresh, not canned.
4	After Call away Golf Course, my dad said he was hungry. One of my nephews (the younger one), suggested Ihop. So Ihop it was. As we got there, the parking lot wasover crowded and people were waiting outside to be seated. It took us a few minutes to find parking. While we were looking for parking, my dad got out to hold a spot for us. Shortly after that, we finally found parking, parked, and walked towards the restaurant. Our wait time was but 20-25 minutes before we finally were seated. Once seated, the waitress took order drink orders. The boys had chocolate milk, orange juice, and my son had a lemon strawberry mix. My dad had coffee. My mom and I had coffee and orange juice. As for our dishes, the boys had Rooty-Jr plates wish consisted of Pancakes, Sausage, pancakes, and eggs. My son had a sandwich soup combo. And my parents and I each had the breakfast sampler plates which had pancakes, has browns, ham slices, bacon, sausages, and eggs. We had a great time.
3	What can u say its just like any other IHOP....but it tastes good after a night of drinking.
4	Great service and great food
5	Breakfast at IHOP is the best. I love pancakes with strawberry and the fabulous french toast..jummy. Coffee is very good an the service was great and friendly. I will be back next year. Greetings from germany
4	always FAST and friendly!!!
1	Everytime I go here it seems the food gets worse and the price gets higher. I'm pretty certain this will have been my last trip to the Ihop chain.
4	I stopped in at this IHOP with a bunch of co-workers at a very, very busy morning hour. There were about 10 of us. They accommodated us very quickly though, even with the high capacity of customers they had at the time.Our waitress split our checks without hesitation, we didn't even have to ask. Although we did mention it, and she replied it would be no problem, and she was already doing it anyway. She kept our drinks full, the food came out in a perfect amount of time as well. I was really surprised with how well everything went to be honest. Since we were such a large group and because it was busy. They are probably used to this though, because they are on Las Vegas Boulevard. I do believe their prices are jacked up a bit because of their location. Others in my group agreed to this as well. I guess we're all IHOP connoisseurs...If I happened to be in the area and wanted breakfast I'd definitely go back. Word of caution though - I think the reason we all received such quick service is because it was terribly obvious we were there for lunch during our lunch break and we all had federal government ID's. So will this happen to every large group that comes through here on a busy morning? I wouldn't guarantee it.
2	It's Ihop so there's not a lot too say. The service was nice but not the quickest, seemed a bit too relaxed and bored:) The food was ok. It's never perfect. It's not very hot when it arrives at your table, the bacon is too crisp, plain coffee... but it was ok for a breakfast. We just wanted to eat something before we drive up to the Grand Canyon.
5	Great food great friends and they really make u feel like your at a family breakfast they make my day and look forward to coming back.... Daisy is an asset to the company real customer service at it's best team daisy we are ur fans Steve and Paula and family....!:) celebrated my wife's birthday with our kids and granddaughter!
3	Nothing to write home about. Ok service. Ok food.
1	Worst iHop ever!! Horrible customer service. I was scared they were going to spit in my food since I kept complaining about how long I was waiting. Not only that, but when the food did come out it was cold, which doesn't make sense, if it was ready why the heck didn't they bring it out. No, instead they wait for it to get cold and me complain some more than they bring that sh** out cold.. . No one would come to our table to see how we were doing. They forgot to bring one item I asked for and then gave it to me as I was leaving. At least they comped me for it but I dumped in the trash as soon as I left (was not risking any "extra" ingredients inside).  I was being a bi*** but they certainly deserved it.
3	Service would get a 5 star review, Benjamin was awesome and attentive.   Healthy selections would get a 5 star review.  They will make your omelet with Pam if you ask, dry toast, egg whites, and 2% milk instead of half and half if you ask for it.  My only compliant was the price.  An egg white omelet with some veggies [see pix], dry whole wheat toast, and a coffee was approximately $17.50!  So at that price, you might as well go to  a Vegas buffet and have them make your omelet right in front of you.  I always find it hard to believe in a town with so many options that people will pay those prices for breakfast.
4	Late Night on the way to Vegas.  I was surprised that all of the food establishments in Jean are now premium with pricing like at the Airport.2 stars for price, since I still equate Jean, NV with Vegas for food pricing.5 stars for the service level, quality of the food and friendly staff during my dinner.
5	Considering it's your only decent option within miles, it's awesome.  It's IHOP, so you know the drill.
5	They had good service and good portions!
1	I will never go to another over priced IHOP again. This place is terrible. I thought that they are supose to be the king of breakfeast but instead it was the complete oppisit. My Family and I waited for almost 1 1/2 hours to eat here and finaly when we sat down and was handed our menus and saw the exciting picutres of amazing looking dishes we all just couldnt wait to dig in! But the waitress which I can not remember her name anyway she took 20 min to just bring us our drinks, I'm not kidding. yeah the place was packed but really are you serruios I have 3 kids one under the age of 7 that has been waiting already for over 1 1/2 to even be seated but to get a stupid apple juice it took 20 min. I could go on and on about how bad the service was here but I'm not. I want to really dig into the food.They say a picture can tell you a 1000 words, but let me tell you this. The pictures on there menus were completely wrong. Our food was cold and dryed out when we finaly got it. The over cooked hash browns felt like I was eating potato chips with no flavor. The tiny eggs looked undercooked and honeslty I couldnt bring myself to eat them so now on to there famus pancakes. What a disapointment. They looked like yesterdays special and just was not completly impressed with them. I went with the chesecake pancakes, I thouhgt mmmm sweet yummy chessecake. It was more like I need to go to the bathroom and puke. We should have just stayed home and cooked it up like I typicaly do on a weekend morning. I do not recomend this place and next time maybe I will just go to Dennys at least there I wont spend a forutne to get a half way decent breakfeast.
1	Came here at 1:30 A.M. With a group of friends absolutely horrible service and the food was cooked very poorly. The place was surprisingly busy at this time and they only had two hostesses working. The bacon was burnt, the hashbrowns were burnt on the outside and cold on the inside. We received our original drink order and were just about done with our meal before our empty glasses were filled approximately 20 minutes later. I don't think I will ever come this place again at this time.
4	Sometimes all you want is cheap breakfast at a convenient time of night. Am I saying that it is the best breakfast you will ever get. No! Yet when you need to eat and only some pancakes will do, then IHOP tends to be my go to spot. I love how fluffy their flapjacks are. For some, the option of flavored syrups are a plus, but traditional is the only one I need.
4	I enjoyed my meal at this 24 hour IHOP. I love this place so we came in search of a great breakfast off the strip. There were a ton of people but the wait went by really quickly, even though it looked like it would take hours to get a table.The food is your basic ihop food, which is great. I think the prices may be a little higher since it's not far off the strip. However, it was food I knew would be good. It's also close to the strip near an outlet center. I think it took ten minutes to get to from the east side of the strip. The service was not amazing, but it was good. We got our food at a decent time and refills on our drink when we asked. They also have free Wifi, which seemed to be hard to find in Vegas. It was slow, but it was free.
4	After flying 5 hrs early morning from the east coast I was feeling pretty darn hungry. Was really looking for McD's but after taking a wrong turn I ended up here. I was first reluctant to go in cause I never had any luck at my local Ihop. Glad I went in cause it was the best Ihop experience ever. My food was hot until the last bite. I must have lucked out cause I walked right in, but when I paid for my meal the lobby was FULL jack!  I would definitely come back here again but I probably wouldn't wait more than 15 mins to be seated.
4	Very good breakfast. This placed was packed, and the hostess said they were slow. They are the second busiest IHOP, with Anaheim, CA being the #1.
4	Food came quickly and service was pretty good. Loved the tiramisu. Will definitely come back to this IHOP! It's the best one in las vegas because it's right next to the mall. So load up on the carbs and then go shop!
2	Slow and expensive. Food was normal ihop.
3	Went here for breakfast on our way home from Vegas.It was okay and a hot meal and hot coffee for our long drive. Customer service was good. People behind us complained about their food being cold, but I think they may have just been snippy. The service at the counter was responsive.
4	Can't go wrong here.  Bring in a Walmart receipt and get 20% off your check.  I like the 2x2x2 breakfast only $6.79.
3	Variety was what we were looking for before heading to the airport for our return home, and this is exactly what we got. IHOP offers a wide variety of good old American staples. Our table had breakfast (pancakes), lunch (sandwich and fries) and dinner (fried shrimp an fish) on the same check and everyone was satisfied. Surprisingly, the service was excellent. In my experience, IHOP service is typically mediocre at best.  This location, however, was the exception to the rule.  Our waitress was rewarded nicely for her smile and attention (making balloon animals for the girls didn't hurt either). Only 3 stars however because, in general, the food (although satisfying) was just average.
2	Once again, Chain restaurants... sighs...Consheavy cigarette smell insidewaitress kept forgetting about usI ordered an apple juice and automatically got super sized on it (didn't care so i kept it)I ordered a waffle by itself and automatically got a combo (this I didn't keep, I sent back because is not what I wanted)the waitress kept forgetting about us, even with giving us the checkchildren's menu is overpriced, might as well order from regular menu and feed the child more foodThey almost gave us someone elses food twicePros.The waffle was okI feel like this place makes mistakes on purpose to get you to pay more. Horrible way of doing it. I haven't been to IHOP in many years and this was my return. Will not come back. I'll stick to good ol Denny's thank you
5	I've been here many times and this IhOP is great!This is the only restaurant in which I can say they've gotten my take out order correct 100% of the time. I'm dining in tonight with my son and its clean (as always), service has been quick and the food is hot and tasty.  The price isn't bad either.  We love the new line of pancakes they've been coming out with.  Last time we had the Tiramasu pancakes, this time we are trying the Cinna-stack panacakes.  Outstanding!  I highly recommend them.
3	So after a night of not drinking and going to bed early, we decided to get breakfast since nothing opens in Vegas until 10 and we were up at the crack of dawn. If you get here at 8, there is no line. Walked right in, sat right down, and ordered the 4.99 pancake special and my friend ordered a veggie omelette. Everything was good except for the fruit that was over ripe but we asked for toast to replace. Overall food was good for the price and service was quick and friendly.We'll see how fast I hit the bathroom.
3	Previous Ihop frequenter, but this particular Ihop's food was bland.  The pancakes were soggy, the hash browns were soggy, and the bacon was not as crispy as I am used to. Overall, not very appetizing. I should have ate at a casino buffet for the same price.
1	Very slow service...Been sitting for about 45 min now and still no food. Never coming back to this location FAIL
1	Waited to get in which was understandable on a Saturday morning. However the following wasn't ok:-they never wiped our table- dropped cutlery off on end of table without any acknowledgement of us- waited forever for service- mostly empty coffee urn- took the sugar away- slow food service- mediocre foodNo mas for me.
1	Stopped here on the way home from Vegas, should have kept driving to Baker or tried the Pancake House. We waited close to an hour for our breakfast to come out which was a very simple standard order of eggs, pancakes, bacon, etc. for a party of 2. People that came after us were being served and were gone before we got our food. Our waiter was intentionally ignoring us and when he would come by, I couldn't even understand what he was trying to say to us. There wasn't a manager anywhere in sight. We were tempted to leave, but I was about to pass out if I didn't eat and eventually our food made it's way out. By the time we got out of there, the usual Sunday traffic was already beginning...what a waste of time and the food was nothing to write home about.If you have the option, I highly recommend avoiding this IHOP inside Whiskey Pete's.
4	It's close to home so I had to go back. Seated immediately & the breakfast was hot and very good. Butter pecan syrup wow what a sinful topping hahaha
3	It is IHOP....never expect anything great from this place.
4	This place is awesome!!! Here for the NFR as a vendor and this has been our fav spot!!!  Easy, convenient, great service !! Waiters and waitresses are the best we have seen in Vegas ..
4	It's not a vacation to Vegas without stopping by IHOP for breakfast.  They offer WiFi during your visit.  The place is always busy.  The wait is about 20 mins or so.  Breakfast is good.  After your visit you can complete a survey on your receipt to a free short stack of buttermilk pancakes (value $6.99).  Yum!
1	Save yourself the headache and go somewhere else. The wait is not worth it. They had over 10 tables open, completely open and clean and there were at least 5 parties waiting. The staff doesn't care, they have an entitlement attitude that is quite horrible. If they cut the chit chat and took their jobs seriously this place would be better.
1	Extremely slow service at 715 a.m. on a Saturday after Christmas?  15-20 minutes after ordering the food came to us. 2 breakfasts off eggs, bacon and waffles with one coffee and one OJ cost us 27 dollars and change. I left 30 dollars total only because I wanted to leave and didn't have exact change for my bill, otherwise I wouldn't of tipped.
4	The food was good and our service was great. My son fell and scraped his knee outside the restaurant and the manager Denise cleaned him up gave him a bandaid and gave him chocolate chips with his pancakes! She was sooo sweet and the waitress kim was awesome too. I would totally go back and gladly wait to eat because the service was so wonderful!!!
5	The stars are for our server Tenny. We were there on New Year's Eve for breakfast. The place was packed and the average wait time was 30 minutes. Tenny was serving several tables at once, she was very polite, professional and attended every table with a smile. Throughout our meal she checked in with us several times making sure we were doing ok. If you ever visit this IHOP make sure to ask for Tenny.
4	The oatmeal was awesome! Sliced bananas, butter, brown sugar. Perfect fuel for Vegas! Waitress was friendly and nice. They even let my forgetful bf plug in his phone to charge at the front desk. Did I mention he's forgetful? Five stars but just as I was going to the women's room they closed it off with a big bar for cleaning. Clean is good but dang, bad timing lololThe manager messaged me the next day to thank me for my visit. It might be an auto responder but kudos for the great customer service!
1	Don't stop. Keep driving! The prices were really high for IHOP. We ordered soda that came out tasting nasty. The feel in the place was off. We packed up and left. No need spending our money on bad food if they can't even get the soda right. We even worried about how the water would taste if they thought the soda was ok.
1	Another 1-star review for this IHOP.After we were seated, 5 minutes went by until a waitress came by to tell us she'll be with us shortly. Then a couple minutes later she takes our order. 10 minutes after that our drinks come. 20 minutes after that, some of our food comes with one dish missing. Then waitress comes and says the cooks screwed up and just started making the entree (veggie omelette, hold the tomatoes and mushrooms). As the rest of our family finishes half their breakfast, the veggie omelette comes to our table WRONG: with tomatoes... And no side fruit. Just the measly omelette with half the plate bare. $11.99 for that? 10 minutes later, the order comes correct to our table... And waitress realizes that the fruit side was given to another order and they forgot to include pancakes on another order on the table.To sum it up, the meal was not worth the price even with the manager comp'ing the wrong entree. Denny's a block away would've been a better deal.
1	Don't even bother. The place was half empty but a 20 minute wait. 45 minutes to get our food. 20 minutes to find the guy with our check. What should have taken 35 minutes took almost 90 minutes. Never again.
2	Do not try to split the check on 2 credit cards that seems to be an impossible task for the staff of this IHOP to accomplish. It took about 30 min and I ended up having to pay in cash because they could not figure it out. No compensation or discount was offered.
1	Never.  Going.  Back.They get the one star rating for service (I believe his name was Milan or Milam).  He was good.  If I were just rating the food, it would be zero stars if possible.I haven't been to an iHop for years - they sort of fell out of favor for me years ago when they changed their pancake recipe or how they made them, or something.  However, my hubby and I were headed to the outlet mall, and hadn't had breakfast yet, and thought ... why not?Well, here's why not.  I ordered the same thing I ordered for years - the Country Omelet with the pancakes.  I remember the omelet being a wonderful mix of hash browns, onions, ham and cheese, with a dollop of sour cream on top.  Ummm....you've heard of the "where's the beef" lady?  I was about to become the "where's the ham" lady.  There were about 6 tiny cubes of ham in the whole thing, and very little cheese.  However, there was a TON of hash browns and then a lot of onions - yes, the cheapest ingredients.  Imagine my surprise when the bill came to find out that this omelet cost $12.99!  I admit - I didn't look on the menu, I knew what I wanted before we even got there.  $12.99??? That omelet should have had steak in it for that price.The pancakes were "OK" with a fairly decent taste - but what's with the frozen butter lump?  Can they not have room temp butter for the pancakes so it actually gets a chance to melt?Very disappointed, but reminded why I'd taken iHop off my option for breakfast years ago.
4	For a restaurant chain the food is consistent.  The food taste the same at various locations in different cities we travel to. Waiting at the popular locations is a given during the peak hours like breakfast, lunch or dinner time. great for breakfast 24/7.
4	We stopped by here for lunch this afternoon. The place was packed.I thought we'd have a long wait, but we were shown to a booth in just a few minutes.The hostess and our waitress were both very friendly. I appreciated them taking the extra effort to stay friendly when it was crazy busy like that. I deal with the public on a daily basis and know when it's super busy like that it can sometimes be a challenge to keep a smile on your face and a kind word on your lips.All of our meals were excellent. If I'm ever in the neighborhood I'd definitely eat here again.
3	Went back after the owner contacted me and asked me to give them another chance. Ordered the country omelet again and am happy to report ham sightings! Egg was waaaay overdone, however. Pancakes had better flavor than last time but still rock hard butter.
2	Service very slow!! I understand its crowded i wish waiters could have been more attentive. Once food came it was good.Service a bit slow and biscuit/gravy cold..i understand its busy but waiter could have been more attentive.
4	Nothing different from any of the other IHOP's I've been to. The wait was average, the food was the same, and the customer service was good. Again. Nothing different from any IHOP.
4	Having breakfast for dinner or a late night snack is awesome. I just love the pancakes with the four different syrups I have a choice to choose from everytime I go and dine in.Having a short stack with eggs and bacon is YUM! Having their dinner menu is OK but breakfast is better choice app IHOP anytime.The only thing going at late night is that service is a little slower. Hi guess the staffing is not as well during the day . The trick is what you order your drinks water water coffee and a beverage, lol. I normally ordered orange juice or some kind of juice with the coffee.I need to bring back all you can eat pancakes..... IHOP is always fun to hang out with friends and they don't rush you at late night hours.
2	I haven't been to I Hop in years, due to what I considered their lack of quality food. That was in Washington state. I went with my wife two weekends ago to the location near the Las Vegas Premium Outlet mall. I ordered the Chicken fried steak along with their Glazed strawberries Crepes. The server was very polite and the food came in a timely manner even though they were packed. That is the end of the "good" portion of this experience. I ordered my eggs over medium, they came very runny closer to sunny side up. I let my server know who offered to have them remake it, which I declined. If a breakfast specialty place can't make an over medium egg, I'm not giving them a second chance. My chicken fried steak was disappointing. I've had better in many other locales. It was tough, way too salty and just sub par. My crepes were drowned in this thick, cloyingly sweet strawberry syrup. The picture in the menu didn't look like this mess at all. I did ask the server to replace with a stack of blueberry pancakes because there was no way I could eat those crepes. I think a 5 year old may have liked them though! My blueberry pancakes came rather quickly, and now I understand why...they were undercooked and just gross. I had fond memories of eating at I Hop when I was a child back in Massachusetts. They have gone way down hill and I will not be returning. To top it all off, their prices are now outrageous for their low quality product. No thank you, I will stick to local, regional small restaurants that still  have an incentive to serve high quality, small menu, tasty food. Did I forget to mention that their runny eggs gave me quite the case of the trots within an hour...ugh!!
1	We just went there to eat for lunch for our 1 year  anniversary, 30 minutes after being seated we were still awaiting a server to take our drink orders. 30 minute wait for drinks which we never got to order. After getting so inpatient with the bad service we ended up leaving.
2	I haven't written a bad review, but I feel that this would really benefit future customers. This particular location is always so crowded, which contributes to the long wait for a table and their slow service. There is also an awful smell that fills the restaurant at least that is what I experienced when I was there. Anyway after a long wait, our server had finally noticed us and took our order. I had ordered the steak tips and a side of pancakes. It took a while for our food to come and after getting my food I realized that my pancakes were never delivered. I told another server because our server was not around. The lady said she was sorry and that it would be out, but still no pancakes. I had to tell someone else that I didn't receive my pancakes. That server forgot as well. After being halfway through my meal I just didn't want to bother having my pancakes anymore so I just asked them not to charge me for it. You would thing they would have given me a free meal or something but they just took off $3. It was such a disappointing experience. The food is good, but their customer service needs improvement.
4	2 Stars for Late Dinner:    The food was okay, it wasn't that great and we were disappointed.4 Stars for Breakfast to go:  We ordered for pick up.  Everything was packed and our orders were correct.
2	Service is slow, coffee is water down and salad is stale, not fresh and soak with dressing.
2	Went here for breakfast on our way home. Never again. Food is more expensive than your typical IHOP (I know it's in a casino) and the servers are less than average. First time my husband has left without leaving a tip.
1	Super crowded. Finally seated after 20 minutes. The host/hostess at the front were yelling names SO loud that it made it very unpleasant. When my food was served the extra plate I asked for, it had caked on egg yolk. Then, to top it off I found a hair under my pancakes. GROSS. The manager was nice and didn't charge me for my meal but no one at the table had an appetite anyways, so I think they should have just not charged us for anything. I will never go to IHOP again. Doesn't seem they even have simple cleaning under control. Disgusting.
1	Terrible worst IHOP I've been to. Food was cold, our waiter was nonexistent...I even had to get up and get my own plate!...and finally their prices are more expensive than the other ones. Go to a different IHOP or just stay home and enjoy a box of cereal. You're better off.
1	Ate there on August 15th at 8:30pm. Not crowded service was good and the BLT was good. Good thing I did not go to the restroom before my food. Bad sewer gas smell in the Men"s restroom. When I mentioned it to the waitress she oh yeah it's been like that, "i said get it fixed"  "yeah" from her. Paying the bill I mentioned it and the lady said we know  " I said call a plumber" her response "well it's been like that "
2	The waitresses here are very rude!! if they're not serving your table don't expect them to even bother with looking your way. As my husband and I were sitting at our booth along with our children we wanted to ask for some butter and didn't see our server so as another one was passing by my husband said "excuse me ma'am" but she just ignored him and kept walking than another woman walked by I'm not sure if she was a server or hostess but I know she definetly was employed there and my husband says the same thing! Very nicely and loud enough for her to hear, mind you this place is small and the tables are very close together so when people walk by they're literally almost touching your table as they pass and she also just walks past finally our server comes back we ask her for the butter and for the last meal that wasn't brought to our table which was one of my daughters and she says she thought it was already brought out! She goes to the back to check on her meal and when she comes back she apologizes and says she thought someone had brought it out but it must of went to another table so she gave my daughter her fruit and said she would have the meal out ASAP!  Anyways the food was OK but what's good food without good service?
3	Been sitting here for almost an hour, no food yet...and no coffee pot. Everyone around us has one....people who got here AFTER us...and after we ordered are almost done eating.Ok, literally 1 minute after posting this the manager came over and apologized for it being so long. The kitchen lost our ticket, so our food wasn't made yet. We also got our coffee pot. Once the food came out it was piping hot and delicious. She also took 50% off the check.
1	We were served with our coffee first and the waiter served us with dirty mugs and one has lipstick stain and the lip mark  was perfectly still preserved on the rim of the mug!  Made me lose my appetite!  You'll not see me again in this IHOP!!!
2	Stopped in for breakfast about 9:00 AM on a Monday.  It was not crowded.  The service was quick, but not really friendly. The food was typical IHOP - tasty.  The noise level in this place was awful.  The music (50's music) was so loud I couldn't talk to anyone or hear the servers.  Made me want to eat and get out as quickly as possible, which I did.
1	Disorganized. They do kit seat people as they come in. Rude. Better to go to Mcdonalds.
3	After a really late concert (Velvet Revolver) my then best friend Aaron and I came here for some good hang over food. He was hung over and I was just hungry. Not the best breakfast in the world, however, beggers can't be choosers the following day.
1	Can't say much about the food, but they sat us in the area that was "faster service" which would be the bar. We waited for 20 minutes and never even got a drink order. Server after server walked by ignoring us... Finally we walked out and were told sorry. This was at 4pm in the afternoon. Not rush hour. Service was as bad as the casino.
1	$30 for breakfast for 2. Not a good value. Ordered omelette with pancakes. I only ate half of it. Didn't taste good. Pancakes suppose to be fluffy. Felt sick to my stomach afterward because it's so expensive and tastes bad.
3	Great place to eat when you are headed back to CA. Place was packed and they sat us as soon as we came in. Service was good. Food was fresh!
5	Good service, great manager, good food, ready to go shopping!!! Loved the iced coffee and the smoked sausage with my scrambled eggs and hash browns. Yum
4	Good old IHOP open on Christmas. The food was as expected. I was grateful for the service to be good, despite the staff having to work on the holiday. The food was quick, tasty, and cheap.
1	I've been to this location about 30 or more times now. There is only 5 or so servers who are actually good at their job, the others are exceptionally terrible. I've had to ask one for something 3 times which I never received and she was standing next to the kitchen on her phone texting without stoping by to check on my table. The food is barely mediocre and way over priced considering the quality. All in all I've had quite a few very unpleasant visits and not to mention all of my friends and myself agree it reeks of piss. The 5 good servers and the 24/7 service are the reason why this place gets a single star. Travel the couple of extra miles to eggworks for breakfast instead, similar prices and much better food and larger portions with excellent service.
2	This is the worst I hop I have even in ,its on the  south side  of the strip I was leaving Vegas around 11:00am parking was really bad because its located is a area where there is a outlet in the rear plus other restaurants I spent about 3 to 4 mins .looking for a parking space, there was a line to put your name on the list to be seated that took about 20 mins. order food came out in about 20 mins. food was just OK but you know even bad food taste good if you are really hungry. I had to wait about 10 to pay my bill, the staff was very nice and friendly.
1	Came here over the weekend worse customer service food was nasty place was dirty the table next to us was full of dirty dishes I will never go here again
