4	Went last night to the newest gay bar in town that isn't by any other gay bar and it's pretty spectacular. It's in an odd location (right by Blueberry Hill Restaurant) but that may be working for it because it doesn't have a reputation based on it's neighbors like Fruit Loop, Commercial Center and the mid part of town that includes Flex, Escape Lounge and the sort.  It's hard to describe the clientele, which is a good thing, but it's not a daddy bar, drag bar (although a queen did pop in for a bit), twink bar, or even a sleazy looking "hook-up" bar and there are no go-gos. If you're in the scene you've seen all these types. The guys and girls, mid 20's-40's, are more of the professional set. The bar is clean, with a lot of flat screen TVs, pool tables, dart boards and big red booths facing the bar. It's almost as if a straight bar went gay overnight. It seemed that EVERYONE smoked at this bar, I mean, more so than usual. I  minus a star, b/c they don't accept credit cards and there are no signs saying it, but there is an ATM by the door. The drinks are cheap and there is plenty of parking. Will be back!
4	Yay! A friendly & clean new bar!I've been several times now, and have appreciated the diversity in both age and ethnicity of the clientele.Friendly bartenders serve reasonably priced drinks, and the lighting is bright enough to see your friends across the room. Big air-filters do their job, so even though many folks there were smoking, I did not reek when I got home that night.Its proximity to the college probably accounts for some of the younger crowd. Everyone seemed to be chatting and having a good time. Definitely a good hang.
3	Citylife is misleading. *Staff gave great service.*Neat and clean*Loud music gets annoying.THEY NEED to fix the TV screens!!!!!!!! It's zoomed in way too much. You can't even see the channel logo or the sports scores.
5	By far the best happy hour in town. It runs from 4-7. Not sure if it includes weekends. When others write about how cheap the drinks are, you do not get the full picture. The mixed drinks come in a pint glass and the beers can come in the large liter mugs. I was buying the first round and both drinks cost me $8.50. Some places will not offer their high end beers for such a ridiculous price, but they had Stella at $5 for two. Making my two drinks $1.75 a piece. Just a reminder, have a DD because the drinks are strong and tip your bartenders. With all of these positive notes, it is hard to find a flaw. The lack of food is a downer, but they are surrounded by so many good places that it is easily overlooked.. This will be the new hang out spot for shuffleboard nights with the group.
4	Gay Bar.Now that we have that out of the way, this is a fantastic place to a) drink yourself silly, b) relax with some bar games, and/or c) have a gay ol' time.  It's not conspicuously gay at first glance.  A vintage garage theme with car parts on the wall and sports on flat screens puts the gay-dar into mayhem.  A pool table, 2 darts machines, and an immaculate shuffleboard table helps the illusion of a frat bar take shape.  A closer inspection of the jukebox reveals the true nature of this bar.Mixed drinks don't come in rocks, but pints.  Beers don't come in pilsners, but in steins.  Come during happy hour, and go from zero to regretful, puking madness in $20-30.As David S mentioned, a lack of food is a downer.  Otherwise, a perfect bar to hang out and relax.
4	Lovin it... though, would love to suggest maybe offering a ladies night... huh? How 'bout it?  You CAN DO IT!!!!   otherwise, still one of my fave gay joints in town
4	My friends and I love gay bars just as much as we love our gays.  I've only been here once courtesy of my gay hubby (no, we're not married but I consider him my hubby...every girl should have 1! ) who told me that they have cheap drinks.  We normally go to gay bars for their cheap drinks and he said that "the garage" is a mixture of fun hogs and buffalo so why not?!Got here at 10pm on a Saturday and bought 4 mix drinks for $14!!!  That's the price of one drink at a bar/club at the strip!  Unlike those bars/clubs at the strip, these drinks were served in a 20oz glass instead of the normal 8oz strip glass and they are not cheap with the amount of alcohol either! Their shots are just as cheap too!  5 shots of patron with a side of 20oz coke came out to $25.  They don't serve any food but they do have pretzels and you can have as many as you want.  Definitely a spot to drink on one of those nights where you are not in the mood to be surrounded by club-goers.
5	If they had Electric Six's "Gay Bar" I would be tempted to play it every time I came. All wise cracks aside and the frequent mentions that this is a gay bar. The Garage is a place that transcends the need to be labeled and is just fun for everyone. No matter if you are GLBT or straight. When the urge to go hang out at a cool bar with cheap drinks, clean facilities, an abundance of games, friendly bartenders, and sports playing on all the TV, this will always be the first choice. You would think it would be difficult to get a bunch of straight guys into this place, but there is never a need to convince them, because it is not a place where people go trolling. Monday nights are board shorts night offering $1 well drinks and domestic drafts from 9 to midnight. I guess having the cheapest happy hour in town is not enough.
5	I go here all the time with friends. It is a lot of fun. pool tables, dart boards, shuffleboard, jukebox, tons of tvs. They have happy hour 2x a day. 11-2 & 4-7. They have different specials everyday. Its great for locals and tourist. They won't rip you off there is no cover charge ever 3.50 for a well mixed drink that is in a pint glass.
4	Sweet!  Wow, a clean bar!  A clean gay bar!  With uniforms!  And the bathrooms are really clean!Okay, moving on past the cleanliness:The Garage theme flows throughout: decals and plates adorn the walls, with a true sports bar feel moreso than a gay bar.  This is a bar I could bring straight friends to without feeling mortified or shamed, unlike something like The Eagle.  The bartenders are dressed in mechanic type shirts and while I wasn't blown away by any personality, they were friendly enough to make me a drink with a casual smile.Speaking of which, drinks were cheap and affordable: Jack/Coke along with a Vodka Cran for 8/9 bucks total.  Not bad at all.The whole DJ system of throwing in a few bucks and picking out songs that randomly shuffle on are pretty nice as well.  I enjoyed jamming to "Take it Off" while playing shuffleboard for the first time.  I was particularly shocked that the music system had some not-so-mainstream music like BT and Tiesto.  The complimentary pretzels?  Cool.  Nice to drink on a not-empty stomach.  And it's by Blueberry Hill so if you are really trashed, you can stumble a short walk to get some pancakes and sober up.
5	The newest and by far cleanest gay bar in Vegas. Clean and a bit industrial feel to it, in a good way. A great place to have very reasonably priced drinks and meet people. They have two good pool tables so this is our getaway during the week. The crowd is very mixed and I dare say predominately late twenties to middle aged guys. With a few fag hags, twinks, retires, and maybe a lost homeless man thrown in for diversity sake.The jukebox is the musical source so its up to the crowd to pick the songs which can be great or painful depending on your preference in music. The place is not too smokey and is big enough to move around if you don't want to be around the smokers.Garage is busy all nights of the week right now cause its new and a welcome change from the same old funk the other gay bars offer. Its at a intersection with a traffic light and has plenty of parking around it so thats just a added perk.
5	I love this bar as much as I love my gays! What's not to love? Cheap drinks, good music, and always a good time.I've been here twice, and each time has been memorable. During happy hour, the drinks are dirt cheap (two for the price of one). Even outside of happy hour times, my pint of Blue Moon came out to five dollars with my friend's Blue Moon and Lemon Drop martini only ten. The best part is the comfortable feeling I feel every time I visit the Garage. No awkward glares for having the wrong anatomy. However, my friend did manage to get hit on in a gay bar. By a gay man. Go figure. Anyways, you wouldn't know this was a gay bar until late night strikes, and the tank top-clad men begin their night with some Bieber or Britney. As for the bartenders, Justin was the best! He was super sweet, attentive, and also helpful in trying to dissuade my friend's gay boyfriend from interrupting our night.Oh, then there's the pretzels. With the full-size scoop. It's official: I am in love.
3	It's rare I review a bar but it's nearby where I work and this place was very nice.  Prices seemed good too. VERY clean, and wasn't too loud, and had a good atmosphere. and wasn't overly crowded, there was room to walk around and actually sit and talk to the person you were with. without screaming over the music.
4	While on my friends "Road to self discovery"...he thought this place would be nice to explore...and to our surprise IT WAS! There were so MANY HoTtiEs... none for me of course :/ but I was just glad that my friend was having a great time and EVERYONE were just soooooooo nice!!! The drinks were cheap and Yummy.... The decor Is pretty cool as well.
4	So, I have to start by saying I'm NOT into the scene very much... so while I am the ruler of "my nation," I don't fraternize amongst the populace that often.Which is probably why I'm still single.But I digress.The BGB (big gay bestie) asked me to go along with him to meet some of his friends on his volleyball team, and this is how I wound up at The Garage, the newest gay bar in Las Vegas. And honestly, although clubs and bars aren't really my thing, this one wasn't horrible. It was pretty comfortable -- no real dress code beyond the normal stuff. Prices were good and the drinks were stiff. Almost too stiff, actually. My first drink was a Long Beach Iced Tea, and I think the bartender only added enough cranberry to color it reddish-pink. The second round was much better, and the vodka Red Bull was pretty good too.The atmosphere was all right. Not very mingle-y, but the music was the right volume so you can talk, listen to music, or be makey-outy if you are so inclined. Overall not a bad place. I'm not sure how often I'll be back, but now I won't cringe when invited.EDIT, 11/4: The owner just saw this Yelp review and reached out to thank me and asked if I had any suggestions for a 5-star review. THAT, my friends, is great customer service. That is a owner who cares about his business and his clientele. That alone, moves it from 3 to 4 stars. Well done, Robert.
4	Went Friday night (11/4). The place was hopping. Had a great time except for the tightest video poker machines ever. Nice choice of music on the juke box and for the most part, excellent bartenders. One of them about bit my head off cuz I asked for a bloody mary, maybe he was just having a bad night.
5	Does it still count as happy hour if you run the special for a whole eight hours? Normally, happy hours go for three to four hours tops or places offer a regular and a reverse. Not at the Garage. The belief that people should be given a solid block of ridiculous drink special is prominent here. To boast that this is the best happy hour in town is an understatement. From 11am-7pm, EVERYDAY, there is that magical two for one drink special. Forget those places that is heavy on the mixers and light on the alcohol. The Garage will give you a great buzz off of two pint size mixed drinks. All the bartenders are great and the environment is chill. This is the bar that I like to chill with friends at. The perfect place to listen to music and still catch up with people.
4	Had to check out this new gay bar while visiting Vegas.  Friendly bar staff, great happy hour.  Enjoyed all the retro automotive signs.  Also like the booths they have.
5	Great off the strip bar.  Good drinks and people.  Great find.
5	Call me premenstrual or just sensitive, but today incurred the first mediocre experience at The Garage. Since today has already earned it's trophy "case of the mondays" cliche, I spent most of the afternoon (from 12:01 onwards!) wishing I was here enjoying my post-work Stella w my sis. It always irks me when I'm clearly the first face to arrive at the bar, make eye contact w the bartender and then end up dismissed because of someone else who shows up right when they decide to pay attention to...NOT ME. Not to fret! I did get my drinks after theirs so its still a win. Don't get me wrong, this place has 5 stars for a reason. I'll still look forward to heading here after the inevitable 'manic Mondays' etc. Have a great week Las Vegas & enjoy Happy Hour!
5	FINALLY, a comfortable, friendly, clean, FUN bar . . . with a great clientele . . in Las Vegas!  We just returned from a huge softball tournement and our post-game celebration at The Garage was a highlight of our 4-day visit.  We had a great time.  The staff made us feel incredibly welcome.The drinks were good . . . and inexpensive.  The decor was fresh and polished, without seeming fake.  The layout encouraged mingling and chat.  There are comfy booths to use as a "home base" with your friends and plenty of pool tables and other games to occupy your time.  The place was spotlessly clean.  There were even pretty decent free munchies, (loved the nachos), to soak up some of the drink.I've been coming to Vegas for years, off and on, and have always bemoaned the total lack of a decent gay bar as an alernative to the strip casinos.   The Garage fills the bill, and it's just a short cab ride away.  A fun time!
5	Finally a nice clean gay bar for vegas!!
4	This is probably the cleanest bar in the city, and certainly the cleanest gay bar in the city. I've been several times, and the service has always been good, but this visit the bartender Danny was exceptional. He was entertaining and interacting with his customers, those he knew by name as well as those he didn't. His energy and movement made me feel like I belonged. I'll visit more often just because he made me feel comfortable, a rare thing in Las Vegas. In addition i watched him make a Bloody Mary, and he made it correctly! Do you realize how seldom bartenders do more than a cursory shake of the can when making a bloody mary? Kudos.
5	love love love this place. Very chill bar, super cheap drinks and made very well in my opinion, at least the ones I've been made. Love the fact you can choose the music you want to listen to as well it's only $5 but totally worth it.
5	Great neighborhood style bar with a relaxed atmosphere. The place has an auto shop theme with car parts on the wall and the waitstaff in mechanic's shirts (may all your auto servicing fantasies come true). One thing that really struck me is that the place is like, really clean...it was nice not being skeeved out by a bar bathroom. But, at the same time it wasn't so clean that I felt uncomfortable.A group of us went on a Sunday and I have to say, I've never had such a good time on a Sunday at a bar. The staff is super nice (say hi to Danny and Justin) and made me feel like I was a regular, a nice thing in a town filled with tourists (like me). The the drinks are very reasonable and happy hour is a total win. If sitting around drinking isn't your thing (if it's not you're not doing it right, but that's a different conversation) there are two pool tables, shuffle board, and darts.I will make it a point to come back when I'm in town again.
4	Cheap drinks. Friendly bartenders. Pool!
3	After being denied access to XS Nightclub due to our collective lack of vaginas, my companions and I said "eff that noise" and decided to go off-Strip to have cocktails with the locals.A gaggle of tragic, alcoholic, but absolutely hilarious locals.That's who populates the Garage, a nondescript building at the back of a random shopping plaza a few miles east of the Strip.  It feels a lot like my neighborhood dive bars in San Diego, except this one has the added bonus of video slots on the counter.  I guess it was an auto body shop back in the day, since there are random signs for Valvoline and other automotive stuff on the walls.  The drink prices are loads better than on the Strip ($8 for a fairly large gin and soda), but not exactly cheap.   My drink was on the weak side, though.  I could see that the bartender only put a few drops of gin in it, but I wasn't about to start making a fuss in a unfamiliar bar in a unfamiliar city at 1am.Also, the cigarette smoke inside is thick.  There's no ventilation like in the Strip hotels.  If you're from California and not used to a smoky bar, consider yourself warned.Apparently the best time to go is the two-for-one happy hour, which runs from 11am-7pm everyday.  If I'm ever back in Vegas and want to sneak away form the hotel pool for a little bit of day-drinking, I might return to the Garage.  Other than that, I'll probably skip it next time.See you around, Garage...
4	I ordered a draft IPA and a whiskey coke and paid 7 bucks plus tip.  Coming from Chicago, I actually was momentarily confused at how cheap that was.It was a short wait to get on a pool table.  The dart machine was a little annoying to deal with whilst drinking, but I suppose most unfamiliar game consoles would be after having a few.A lot of TVs for watching the game are available but after 10 PM on a Saturday they definitely go unnoticed.We played $5 worth of country songs on the jukebox ... I couldn't tell if the clientele thought of this as awesome or terrible, but I was having an awesome enough time to not really care.  They at least sang along with Red Solo Cup, so I'll take that as a good sign.Only problem is that based on location you definitely need a DD or a cab on call.  Plenty of parking for that DD though.
5	Great happy hour drink prices!  You get a chip for another drink when you buy one.  They also have beer busts where you can purchase all you can drink for a small price.  Shuffleboard!
3	I like the Garage for the most part. If you tip well, the drinks are very strong. My only gripe is that, despite being within a mile of the university, the crowd that this place attracts is... well, for lack of a better way of saying it, too old for my tastes. But, if I'm just looking to get plastered and don't feel like spending a ton of cash, this is a good place to go. It's also very well ventilated, so you don't reek of cigarette smoke when you leave. There's still a faint smell, as there always will be unless a bar/restaurant is completely non-smoking...
4	Well I wasn't really sure what to think when I walked into this bar. HMMM. Where to start the bartenders were attractive. Seemed a nice local crowd instead of the normal Strip group. We ordered our drinks and got the drinks plus poker chips in different colors. Our friends informed us that it is BOGO free. I am not talking about weak pours or just well. All drinks even premium... Needless to say after a couple of rounds I was feeling no pain and forgot that I keep putting the chips into my pocket so the next morning I had about 10 free drinks everythign from well vodka to gray goose. This is a great place to hang out with friends and just mix and mingle with the locals.. Don't expect your song to get played on the jukebox I think its got enough songs to last 3 months... It does tell you ahead of time that it will be 5 hours before you song will be played .....
4	Really cool spot, clean, clean, clean!  I liked that, the drinks were priced right, the crowd was varied and hot.  Pool tables, TVs, juke box, lots of seating areas.  I will be back for sure.
5	First I have to note, I have never, ever in my life enjoyed a single gay bar/club I have been too. I grew up in the DC area and they were all either: fitlhy, disgusting, dive joints with nasty men or slutty little fairies or a combo of them all! Checked a few more places in Vegas around the 'Fruitloop' (tragic tragic tragic).  This place is the COMPLETE opposite of all those places.  I have never felt dirty walking out of the place, been scared to use the restroom, or worried about touching the table tops.  Hands down the best gay bar I have been too.  They have a Juke Box (when not over ran by the 30 spanish songs in a row) plays good music from the patrons, they have pool tables, and plenty of seating.  Those garage boy outfits are pretty hot too, duh!Def. worth checking out.
5	Great atmosphere and even better drink deals
4	Such a cool bar and atmosphere.  I do love coming here but it is far from the strip so take a cab or have a DD.  Drinks are very strong, and cheap.  Bartenders are totally awesome, we chopped up a fun conversation with the bartenders when we were there for the first time about living in California.  Being a Bay Area local you have a high expectation since your used to service in the castro or weho.  THis by far is compares to good service that were used to.  I recommend coming here.
4	In most major cities smoking indoors in a huge nono. Though Vegas has its own set of rules and smoking is permitted indoors, Im guessing because of the gambling. Im not antismoking Im just anti red itchy eyes and congested lungs. Anyways because of this I generally don't go to bars and such where smoking is permitted.The Garage has an awesome ventilation system. I can hang out here for hours slurping beers, playing shuffle board and having a great time. They've an awesome happy hour (2-1), are super friendly and overall have a cool neighborhood vibe. Plus they're next to the Sketchers outlet ya know, if you need shoes or something between drinks.
4	A friend and I recently visited The garage twice on a recent visit to LV.  It's located a bit over a mile east of the Strip on Flamingo. It's convenient to a bus route if you don't drive.  However, a bit of a walk to the Strip after a couple of drinks.  The place is really nice, clean, good drinks, well priced (much lower than the Strip) good music, though not too loud.  Danny, one of the bartenders was very friendly and helpful/knowledgeable about the city. He gave us a recommendation of a very nice restaurant downtown just a block north of Fremont Street called Triple George Grill on 3rd Street. It was excellent.  I'll definitely return on my next visit to LV.
4	Men. Men. Men. Good Vibe. Good Music. and Unisex restrooms- Cool! Drinks are not bad and the price is just right. Pool tables. Dart board. Shuffle board. TV's. Sports. Poker machines- Available!
4	A bit out of the way of the usual tourist strips, we had read about this as one of the best deals and bars in town; as for as good deals----wow, I ordered a couple drinks and was shocked that two large drinks cost $8 (compared to the probable $20 it would have been near the strip).   The place was all decked out in car repair garage gear with some fun double entendre signs about fixing up your engines etc.   Much more a local/traditional bar feel with the games, free pretzels, and much less pretentious crowd than elsewhere.   Huge downside for a Chicago guy: SMOKING ALLOWED; leaving me with the nauseated sensation while there and smelling like cigarettes for the rest of the night (damn you Vegas laws---this is true everywhere).   Takes a bit go there by cab but worth the trip.2/4/13: A rare business that cares: I got a message from them that the sign I mentioned (a post-4 week visit detail that I could have mistaken), that there was a sign that read along the lines of: "we use air filters so you don't walk away smelling like a cigarette" does not exist, that I must have read it from another review; however I don't read other reviews before I review.  Therefore I remove it from my review and ascribe it to my hazy memory.
5	Went here almost every night on this visit to Vegas. Super clean, awesome staff and friendly patrons. Had a great time and so nice to be away from the strip for some fun. The drinks are strong, service is top noth and you will have a great time at the Garage!
5	Always a great time!  Clean bar with friendly service. We visit every time we're in town.
4	Stopped in around 10pm on a Thursday night.  A bit off the strip; fun gay bar with friendly bartenders in mechanic's uniforms.  The place was fairly busy.  Great Prices on drinks that were not watered down.  Not a "pretty boy" bar - people were friendly.  Kind of a neighborhood bar feel.  Would go back on our next visit.
4	Pleasant surprise.Unlike San Francisco's Rebel, The Garage actually sticks with its theme in terms of decor, attire, and drink names. It felt clean and modern, and I appreciated the drink prices. I taught my three friends how to play shuffle board. While it is a bit out of the way from the Strip and the Fruit Loop, I'd say it's well worth a stop.
5	My favorite Friday and Saturday  evening bar.  Friendly bartenders who make some pretty amazing drinks.  Happy hour from 11am-7pm (two for one).  They have a pretty awesome softball team also!
3	I went here with a friend, who kinda convenienced me that this place would be cool. I guess it's cool if you just are looking for a place to hang out & be around a lot of people that smoke. I don't find this place that appealing at all - however the people here were very amusing. I'm just not the type that likes to sit around when I go out - I was thinking this place would be more like a club but was exactly the opposite. It was cool that the bar tenders were all dressed like mechanics, though.
5	This is by far my favorite bar in Las Vegas. My friends and I come here frequently. The atmosphere is very casual and very laid back. The owners are so, so, friendly. They make you feel welcomed. This is a great place to go to if you want to get away from home, life, work, etc.The drinks are cheap and if you stop by between 11-7, happy hour, two for one drink specials. I will refrain from pointing out the heavy pourers and let you discover that for yourself. Everyone has their favorite bartender, but all of them are great.Again, Five stars. Great bar.
5	My favorite bar in Vegas! I bring all mg out of town friends here because the bartenders are so friendly and fun, really personable. The owner himself isn't afraid to get his hands dirty and serve customers. The crowd varies, and the atmosphere is comfortable. Straight-friendly place- everyone feels at home :) a must!!
5	Great place to relax and watch any sporting event, while having a cocktail with others. Amazing bartenders and they are very attentive as well. If you are looking for a great drink special go for happy hour it is amazing I think it is between 3 to 7 I maybe wrong but 2 for 1 come on who is not down with that. I recommend getting the cucumber martini made with Hendricks gin, it will change your life about gin... Have a great time here because I sure do.....
5	Great Bar!  Super atmosphere with friendly staff and locals.  Will always make this place a stop on future Vegas trips!!  Great drink specials too :)Scott FSeattle
5	This is one of my favorite bars in Vegas and I'm not even a gay man!The reasons I love The Garage: 1. There is a ridiculously cheap happy hour for most of the day EVERY day. 2. The "mechanics" make great drinks! My favorites are the El Rancho, Bloody Mary, and Michelada. 3. Everyone is ridiculously friendly (the bartenders AND the patrons). 4. There is a unisex bathroom. 5. The jukebox has any type of music you could possibly want to hear and you can access it on your phone. 6. It is extremely clean.
5	If you're a local or a guest of Las Vegas, The Garage is a great place for cocktails any time of the day or night. Must haves: The cucumber and watermelon martini and the cucumber martini.  They are perfection.The staff is always friendly and timely. The Garage gets a "Run, Don't Walk Award."
5	Awesome place. If you're on the strip you'll have to take a taxi, but it's worth it to get away from all the crap there for a night. Awesome specialty drinks and friendly people. There's more locals here than tourists.
5	This is my kind of place! First off, I thought the decor was cool. It was clean and new (like new?) No weird smells. No creeps. The staff wore mechanics uniforms. Awesome! Our mechanic for the night was GABRIEL. Nice coincedence. He was super friendly and attentive. Secondly, the drinks were surprisingly cheap. Six bucks for two beers. Amazing! Lastly, the crowd was super chill and cool. Really fun crowd that was dancing in some parts and enjoying their time. I loved that I put money in the jukebox and my songs actually played. I didn't have to wait all night for my music choices to play. YAY. My partner won 160 dollars on one of the machines at the bar so that was an added bonus. I wish this place was in my hometown because I would totally become a regular without a doubt!
5	Really enjoyed this place! My friends and I came here on our last night in Vegas and really had a great time. Great drinks and atmosphere. Pool, darts, and shuffleboard are all a great addition and tons of fun to play the more you drink. Really enjoyed the cheap drinks (compared to strip prices)!
5	Don't miss this local favorite. Great drinks and great bartenders like Danny, Dan, Daniel!!! Cheap drinks and wonderfully accomadating!!!
5	Great place! Heavy pours and cheap drinks! Amazing bartenders! Very clean! Unique decor! A must visit for locals or tourists
3	I'm a spoiled Cali beyotch. And if it weren't for the god awful amount of cigarette smoke permeating my pores, I'm sure this would be a decent place. But honestly the smoke was so bad we ran out after one drink. It's bad. But it was packed so I presume I'm in the minority on this one.
1	Middle of a Saturday with a great group of friends. Lets check out The Garage. As we walk in looking for our friends, we were greeted by a classless customer yelling, "No blacks allowed". After turning around and walking out, the customer comes out to explain his behavior, which should be nothing but unacceptable. Shame on him for that idiotic remark and shame on The Garage for not kicking him out and welcoming a great group of customers. If you do go, apparently you shouldn't be black. Have fun!
4	Love this place!! Very fun atmosphere with grease monkey garage feel :) There's pool, a jukebox, darts, and good drinks.More or less a gay crowd, but everyone is always welcome.I come here with straight friends, and my girlfriend and I always have great time.Sunday nights are my fav.
5	Moved to Vegas a few months ago and this is my favorite spot. The atmosphere is relaxed, a mixed clientele, friendly staff and great drinks. Mixes are made from scratch and they have great specials. Danny is especially my favorite. I look forward to seeing him every Sunday! Great personality, attentive service, and an adorable smile!
5	This is a great bar to come enjoy a nice drink for a great price! Danny one of the swing bartenders really makes you feel welcomed and is always making sure his guest are well taken care of. Overall the bar has a great atmosphere and a very friendly staff that sometimes is hard to find in Vegas. As a Vegas local this is my go to bar when I need a nice relaxing drink.
4	The Bartenders are very friendly and the atmosphere is awesome... I was only 1 of 4 girls in this place... They do have a kitchen and have the regular "Bar" food... The drinks are so affordable I decided to buy myself 2 to start off my night they also have a music and pool tables. It's not my first time here nor will it be my last =) I had a blast tonight!
4	During the night shifts, get your drinks from Wil, he always has a smile on his face and makes an awesome cocktail.
5	Came in after I was done gambling and before the late night food menu kicks in at the British pub down the street that I want to sample from. I read the reviews about the cheap strong drinks and thought I'd give it a go. Was attended to almost immediately after sitting down and was approached again for a refill shortly after my last sip. The drinks are strong! The ambiance is almost comically ironic because all you see and hear playing is lots of George Michael, Jlo and Madonna videos within the surroundings of vintage automotive signs and items: music you wouldn't traditionally hear in an automotive shop. My only complaint is that the combination of overly cologned guys mixed with smoking indoors is quite annoying and something I don't have to deal with at bars back in CA;  but I'm not going to ding the bar for their states' laws. Would come back, especially if I'm on vacation with any gay friends because they'd benefit more than I from the combination of cheap strong drinks within a locals gay bar.
4	A must stop for any LV trip. Killer happy hour and great service. Always! Afternoon snacks. Only bad this that like most LV bars there is a ton of smoke from cigarettes
5	My partner and I love the garage but what makes it our fav is the bartender Will.  We are late night people who love great service and perfect drinks.  Everything is clean and welcoming. We have found the perfect spot away from the strip.  If you thinking about going in, go late night so you can meet Will.
4	Pretty local, but friendly gay bar!  All the bartenders, and customers were really chill.  Drinks are cheap, but ventilation wasn't great.There are lots of booths, bathroom space, and pool tables boards.  After a bit, my party and I got a little bored and left.
5	I popped into the Garage, looking for a late night place for drink and a little bit of "the scene."  It was after 2am when I arrived, but the regulars were still out. Wil was an amazing bartender and made sure I was taken care of all night. Good music on the juke box and some good conversation, the Garage will definitely be my go to bar every time I visit Vegas.
5	Was on vacation in Las Vegas and decided to check out the local gay bars. The Garage was close by, so decided to give it a try. It was a great adventure. The bartender, Danny, was wonderful and over the top helpful. Even before he knew we were vacationing he told us all the nights specials and all the special drinks that they make with over the top ingredients.  Not sure how they keep the prices so reasonable. The atmosphere is very comfortable and the locals were all super friendly. Will go back on my next trip to Vegas for sure!!
5	Ask for Danny. Drinks are amazing. Bartenders are amazing. No place Iike it! Come on down!!
5	I just had my first vacation in Vegas and my friends and I wanted to find a nice little gay spot to hang out. Luckily I found The Garage on Yelp and one of our first nights we made our way down there. I'm so happy we did! Our bartender was named Wil (with one L), he was so sweet and helpful! He told us about the bar, made us feel welcome, and made some amazing drinks! The bar has a kitchen, I never tried it but he assured me everything was delicious. My favorite part was the margarita mix they make in house. It was so delicious I found myself ordering more than I should. Wil was very attentive and came to our table numerous times to ask how we were, how our trip was, and what we were planning for the weekend. Being away from Austin, it was nice to find a comfortable place full of nice people. The drinks were more than affordable (especially in Vegas) and we ended up staying until the sun came up (by accident, that's how much fun we had)I recommend this place to anyone who wants a chill atmosphere. The drinks are delicious and the bar is clean and friendly. Wil was the best bartender we could have asked for and we met the owner who was also a really nice guy! Go to this place! They will make you feel like you belong from the moment you walk in!
5	Been around the world a few times.  This is the best bar in Vegas.  Great service staff.  I always seem to meet nice people to hang out with.  People are very social in a nice way.  The best drink prices in Vegas.
5	A nice change from the usual Las Vegas bar. Lots of people, lots of fun, lots of activities. Drinks are cheap, And they have a kitchen open all night to get food if you end up getting snacky or need to sober up. highly suggest checking it out!
5	I absolutely love this place... Bill makes a lemon, strawberry, mint drink, not a mojito that is amazing.
5	Nice and friendly. Bartenders smiled alot. Great drinks with decent prices and great atmosphere. Can't wait to go back.
5	I moved to Las Vegas a year ago and wanted to find a bar that was fun, great drinks and a place to enjoy a night out, "THIS IS IT" it's all you could ask for a mixed group of people, fun bartenders and great prices drinks. If your looking to avoid the $15 strip drinks and get that are better and lower in price don't miss this gem
4	I would rate this 5 stars but I'm here from The Gay Bay Area I would have loved to see more women and people of color. So anyway I looked this place up on yelp. It's been open a few years and I don't remember seeing it listed when I was here July 2013. I must say I was SUPER duper stressed after picking my parents up from the airport and in need of a cocktail. Found this place and low and behold it WAS HAPPY HOUR yippee yay!  Jason the bartender was so very professional I explained I had a service dog and as a good employee should do he asked for proof (as he should. ) After that it, was on!!  I never had to even order he checked on everyone like a psychic! Knew when we were ready for a cocktail and what it was ! Mostly men ....Ladies we need to come here.  It's very cozy if you want that with cozy booths. Places to charge your phone or gadgets. Too many TV screens  to count with SPORTS!! I watched my 49ers lose (who cares about preseason that's our strategy lose then win in REAL SEASON) did I say the CLEANEST BATHROOMS EVER EVER EVER! And I was skeptical most gay bars that have a male clientele have nasty bathrooms this  one had a sign for a Men's room then one that just said Restroom.....you walk in and it's prioritized for women and disabled!!!! Oh can I say spotless again Also lol with ashtrays in the stalls damn I may have to take a photo since I am still awe! My service dog and I made lots of friends next time we are here this is our home away from home LIVING ROOM!!!!! With a pool table!!! And I forgot its happy hours all   11-7 pm all damn day YES!! You order get a poker style chip you can use for your next one or day but only during those many hours.
4	Dive gay bar (not typical) but surprisingly it works. People don't have an attitude and you can go 24 hours a day.
5	Jason is wonderful.  Always makes you feel welcome and is such a great bartender. A very fun place.His strawberry ice teas are the best.
5	Really glad that me and my best friend decided to visit the garage, we were iffy at first before visiting because were tourists from DC, but Danny & Gabriel were very open and welcoming, its a great place, had a great time. We're definitely visiting next time we visit. #werq
5	This is one of my favorite bars in the country!  I am often on the road and one of the hardest things to find is a decent gay bar.  The Garage was a great way to end a long weekend in Las Vegas.I visited late on a Sunday (open 24/7).  It wasn't a huge crowd but still busy. It was very much a local crowd - very refreshing from the touristy bars on the strip.Wil at the bar was fantastic.  Introduced me to several really interesting guys and protected me from some if the more interesting characters.  You can find just about anything you're looking for here but I liked the conversations the most. Inexpensive drinks (far cheaper than the Strip) and no cover (at least on Sunday).  Well worth the $15 taxi ride from the big hotels. I will absolutely return the next time I am in town.
5	The garage is awesomely amazing! Tom is super friendly and made the BEST cucumber martini! Brent also knows a thing or two about mixing up a drink and made me an awesome Bloody Mary! Thanks guys for always making my time at the garage memorable!
5	What a great place to spend some time while in Vegas!  The staff is courteous, establishment is spotless, and yes--they definitely pour a strong drink for a modest price.  Oh...they have a kitchen with amazing food!! Seriously, try the pizza!!  If you're looking for a friendly environment, you MUST come hang out at The Garage!!
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas!! The drinks are so cheap and there is always a good atmosphere! I come here every time I'm in Vegas
