3	I am immediately suspicious of coffee shops with coffee-related puns in their names. It's almost uniformly a sign of someone who doesn't know shit about coffee and subscribes to the "country kitchen" school of decorating.But Romancing the Bean is on the ground floor of my office building, so let's face facts: There's no avoiding it. I go there almost every day. On coffee alone, the Bean gets 1 star. It's just not good. Unflavored coffees taste burnt and bitter, while the flavored coffees have names like "snickerdoodle" and do, in fact, taste just as sweet as a cookie. Espresso drinks have too many problems to name, the chief of which is that the espresso has the same burnt-and-bitter flavor as the house coffee. And don't get me started on their frothing abilities. But I digress. There's more to the Bean than the coffee, despite what the name implies. Muffins, cookies, croissants, cakes and other treats are all homemade and absolutely delicious -- I recommend the chocolate chip cookies or any of the berry muffins. At lunchtime, the Bean has sit-down table service and a variety of sandwiches, salads, soups and these stuffed croissant things my friend insists on calling Hot Pockets. It's all homemade, including the bread. Eat here a few thousand times like I have and the menu gets a bit dull, but the ingredients are quality and the staff and owners are great.Just stick with water.
4	Well, lets get to the main complaint about the Bean first - price. Yes, it is pricey. I work in the building and its pretty much the only option for a quick bite or drink without driving. So, to an extent it is to be expected.. no competition.But i like the Bean because the food IS really good. I love the stuffed croissants, the muffins, cookies, etc. Everything is home made and you can tell. The chili is great - even the breakfast croissant.Service wise i have never had a problem. They are almost always busy (again, pretty much THE place for people working in the building or living in the condos next door). Free wifi is nice.The comment about pre packaged food is ridiculous though.
3	Romancing the Bean is located on the ground floor of Hayden Ferry Lakeside buildings next to Edgewater Condominiums and some other urban high-rise overpriced condominium tower whose name can't recall along with two other (and one on the way) office buildings that surround this massive mixed-use campus. Hayden Ferry Lakeside is located on the NEC of Rio Salado and Mill Ave... on th eNorth end of Mill.My major complaint with this sandwich/coffee/pastry joint is the price. Yes, the food is good. The breads are amazing, their cookies are crisp and chewy, and their croissants are really yummy. They have a wonderful selection of mini cupcakes and wonderful tarts. And all their food is made to order - it's fresh and crisp; and they also have this great poppy seed dressing that is flavorful and bold. But their prices are expensive. A chef salad is $11, a sandwich is about $8, a large drink $2.50, a croissant is $3. It's just pricey. And the last 2 times I was there I got overcharged and had to bring it to the girls attention. (+ they use Styrofoam which is a no no for me) Parking is easy, the joint is friendly to wheelchairs, and they have patio seating (I recommend you walk around the back of the building and eat right on the edge of Tempe Town Lake)... Their iced tea is good, their coffees suck, and they have Italian flavored sodas (vis a vis Torani syrup) but again, they are pricey. Also remember that within 4 minutes walking distance you have all of mill avenue tempting you too...Rula Bula, RA, Cafe Boa and a slew of other restaurants that have lunch specials comparable in $$ to Romancing the Bean.
4	The food here is excellent.  I have yet to have ANYTHING that was less than delicious.  Their stuffed croissant sandwiches are perfectly made every time, crispy and tasty.  This is a coffee shop...I've never had the coffee, but we end up here for lunch several times a week- they have a full lunch menu, mostly sandwiches, but you can't go wrong with any of them.If I've put on any weight lately (likely) its because they are very good bakers here, their muffins and especially their chocolate chip cookies (ask for them warmed, if they aren't already, early morning muffins are always warm and freshly baked on site).  Amazingly good.  I give them less than five stars for one reason:   their prices are a bit steep for the area.  But its good.  I'll be going back very soon.
5	I have been going to Romancing the Bean for about 15 years now, back when they were at the Pavilions and have followed them to this new location.  I live off of the 101 and 7th Ave and I make the drive out there because they have the best coffee and freshest baked goods in town.  I especially love the cream cheese muffins!  The first thing that hits you as you enter is the smell!  Breathing in the tantalizing aroma of baked foods and tantalizing coffee, how could anyone resist the temptation to buy a coffee and a treat?  I know I can't!The price of coffee drinks and food are very reasonable.  They have homemade muffins, cookies, croissants, and soups that are fresh each morning; you don't find that in to many coffee shops.  In most coffee shops you find bagels, muffins, and pre-made salads that are delivered from somewhere else and that stay on the shelves for a couple of days. Which would you rather have? Me, I'd rather pay a little more for great coffee and fresh food than go to shops with prepackaged items and inferior coffee.Romancing the Bean also has wonderful people working there. They provide a friendly atmosphere all the time.  It is a family owned business and that is what it feels like when you walk in the door.  Romancing the Bean is a truly delightful place to visit.
1	Never, ever, ever again. Ever. Because even if I think your coffee blows, and even if I only gave you three stars (*gasp*), there's no excuse for talking shit about me -- loudly -- while I am forking over $10 for a sandwich. That's just a poor customer service decision, folks. As business owners, you should know that. And just for clarification, I never wrote that your coffee tastes like shit. But I will now: Your coffee tastes like shit. So, no more $12 chef salads. No more $3 croissants. And definitely no more of your fake-nice bitchiness or dirty looks when I walk by in the morning with my Cartel coffee. I will save my money for an establishment that treats me like a person.PS -- look forward to a severe business decline as soon as the place across the way opens. I'll make sure to smile and wave as I walk by.
5	I love this place; killer baked goods. I've been going since the Scottsdale days and it's still as good as it always was. And to Sara, I've always had pleasant experiences there-especially with the owners. Maybe YOU'RE the problem.Just sayin...
5	Okay so if you want your mind blown by amazing baked goods.... ahhhh the chocolate chip cookes... you have to try Romancing the Bean, plus pair it with a flavored ice tea and your basically in heaven. Really though, everything here is so good, too good. You will not regret trying this place out.
4	The mom-and-pop coffee shop (hey, that rhymes) Romancing the Bean is quietly located near Tempe Town Lake and specializes in baked croissant sandwiches, huge cookies and espresso.To get the negatives out of the way first, the place is a PITA to find the first time, and the short term parking is expensive.  The coffee wasn't anything outstanding, but it wasn't bad either.But the atmosphere is great, the shop itself is immaculate, the staff were all very nice and the cinnamon twist thing I ate was insanely delicious.  There is also free WiFi.This is a great place if you are looking to try some place new a little ways off Mill.  I will be back for sure.  3.5 Stars is more accurate.
5	Love at First BiteI have been coming to this restaurant for over 3 years now and not once have I had an unpleasant experience.  Ever since the first day I walked in I've felt a warming feeling, almost as if i was in my very own home.  The owners and staff are amazing and will stop at nothing to make sure your experience has been a great one.Everything on the menu is AMAZING, personally my favorite is the Chicken Breast Sandwich on multi-grain toast and you can't forget to add the avocado and bacon or else you're cheating yourself.  Once you're done with your meal do yourself a favor and have one of their unique and delicious cakes, or at least the butter cookie.  The time that you spend enjoying your desert will be the closest you'll ever come to feeling like you're in heaven, I PROMISE.I've shared this place with all of my closest friends and they agree, Romancing the Bean is the best cafe in town!!
5	I've been going to romancing the bean for a year now at least 2-3 a month. The reason for that is because they make everything from scratch. They make their salad dressings, whipping cream, breads, all of the pastries including the cheesecake, cookies, muffins, etc are made by the owners wife. The service is average I haven't had any complaints. They also have blankets if you get cold during the fall and winter seasons. They also sell things like clocks or whipping cream maker and tea pots Caesar dressings which is limited,  etc. I park at the meter spot all the time and never put any quarters in and i never get a ticket so that's a plus. :) Overall, It is a little pricey but it backs it up with great tasting food and great portions and a varieties of food to chose from. The place is kind of hidden between corporate buildings so it may be hard to find but just look for the blue buildings. I love this place!
4	The food here was delicious! Though the price was a little more than I would have like but it was worth it. Their stuffed croissants are fantastic! Also went right at lunch time so service was a little slow but not so bad that I won't be returning!
5	I am obsessed with Romancing the Bean. It's hard to not go here everyday. Food is delish and the baked goods are amazing! Owners and staff are super friendly, but I don't think I would even care if they weren't. :) YUM.
4	Dear Bean to whom I am romancing,I really do love you and I want to fully commit to you but... you left me out in the cold on the patio and you know that if we are going to have a relationship, you will need more space to accommodate me!  Sure you can make a mean taco salad, chicken salad, lavender lemonade, and grilled cheese, but sooner or later, your beauty will fade and I will need something of substance to hold us together.  Something more than your evil pastries and breads.  Something deeper than the red velvet cake cream that I secretly devoured during a stressful lunch break.I know that I should have written you this love letter a while ago but don't hold it against me.  You allowed others to be the first to romance you and I felt some kind of way about it, I admit.  But, you know that I would cross all kinds of swerving traffic and find you between whichever building you decided to snuggle between.  Just consider making a wee bit more room for me or being open for longer.  If you care about me, you would do it.  Admittedly, your beans are good and you look cute in all those trimmings early in the morning.  I should not be so demanding but I know you to be able to deliver so, I insist.  I do like your peeps you allow to hang out with you. They always seem so nice.  They even remember me and my likes.  I really enjoyed that you cater to my every need too and deliver all on a silver platter.Why am I with-holding the star? I want more types of beans and tea and I have yet to see you work out a Lemon Ice Box cake.  Once that happens....I will get you that golden gem you are waiting for.  Cheers!
4	Food, coffee and staff were fantastic!  I had the sandwich special of the day and grilled three cheese and tomato soup, mexican mocha and a lovely table outside.  My lunch mate had a croissant stuffed sandwich with soup as well.  The deserts looked wonderful and will go back soon for that.  Only downside...parking...either bring change for parking meters or park in garage.  The garage cost us $4.00.  There is no validating.  I see this more as a landlord issue that the coffee shop.
4	Lavender Lemonade, Almond Roca White Chocolate Mocha, Ginger peach iced tea, Praline Latte, desserts and pastries that will make your heart melt, chocolate croissants, cheesecake, orange shortcake, cinnamon twists doused in a cream cheese glaze, muffins ranging from choc cream cheese to chocolate chip...this is the kind of coffee place that has all the fluff and eccentricities that I enjoy in a good cafe.  Not to mention, any sweet treat you get is rich and decadent.  I have never had a more perfect cookie than a "Bean" cookie.  Imagine Mrs. Fields and the Pilsburry Doughboy getting together and baking cookies at Paradise Bakery. Yeah, it still would not hold a "cookie" to the magic in these morsels.Aside from the sweets, they also have a full croissant menu (picture an assortment of things rannging from turkey to cheese) as well as soups and sandwhiches.  Croissant menu?!!! I have died and gone to puff pastry heaven.  Why it doesn't get five stars?  I am not wowed by the espresso.  Even though I thoroughly enjoy the Almond Roca WC Mocha, I would love it more if Starbucks made it.  Is that bad?  Not as robust as I would like it.Overall, it being the only one in the valley, I encourage headquarters to open one next to my house, and perhaps all over the east and west side. Thank you, Bean.  Thank you for being here.
1	Are YOU kidding me? This very morning I walked over to this "hidden treasure" as I had found it a few weeks ago.  I saw the fantastic baked goods and couldn't wait to share with my friends... I wouldn't spend a nickel here.Rude Rude Rude.10:20 this morning I was treating myself to breakfast and the little girl behind the counter was sweet.  I spotted the menu and decided to use the table service the girl was bringing me a menu and a muffin; as I'm sitting the owners whipped husband comes to the table and tells me he needs the table for the lunch crowd.  I said and lunch is when?  He says well you have a computer and you may stay for hours and I need this table.. so I proceed to another and that was the wrong table too.  He wants me at a tiny table in the doorway in the sun.  I asked if he was kidding, I had been in the hospitality industry and he was not acting hospitable.The little girl is trying to hand me the plate with the muffin and I'm telling her it is okay please wrap it to go...I'm not wanted here. The queen bitch sitting in the wing back chair with her strap on under her apron in case the husband acts up.. pipes up to tell me that I do not need to buy the muffin - I told her she was absolutely right and walked out.
4	Great Coffee
4	The food and atmosphere in this place is amazing!  I like it that a family owned coffee shop is able to hold its own and be orignal.  I read a bunch of other reviews here on Yelp and can agree with most of them.  Parking sucks, location is fun, food is great, coffee is average.  Park by Montes for free and walk the 2 minutes over Rio Salado if you want to save a couple of bucks.  The food items taste as good as they look.  Muffins and egg dishes are a must have.  The owners are friendly, gotta warn you though, homeboy is a bit touchy feely.
2	Ehh... go somewhere else... or get it togo. Not gonna lie the prices are kinda high. The staff is rude, in fact VERY RUDE. Sad part the owners are the worst ones there.    The only good part is the food, it's great.  I love the turkey and swiss croissant with raspberry sauce.  yummy!   Grilled Cheese is AMAZING especially with the tomato soup.   Like the other reviews say, the cookies are to die for. Some other notes:  The place is kinda small, so they are real picky who eats at the tables.  You are NOT allowed to go to the counter and order food then sit at the tables. They are pretty prompt to kick you out of the seats even though you are a paying customer.  They get 2 stars instead of 1 simply because of their food.
4	My co-workers treated me to a really tasty lunch here last week and now I can't wait for our next visit.  The food is delicious!! I had the ham and swiss sandwich with a side Cesear salad - sounds basic but I loved it! We also ordered their grilled cheese as it was one of the specials that day and again, seems simple enough yet we were all impressed! The only drawback is the size of the place; it's rather small...however, if you're going for lunch and can get there by 11.30am, your odds of finding a seat are much better!
5	I used to eat here all the time a few years ago when I had a client in the building there. They were definitely client meetings that I looked forward to each month because I got to indulge in the delicious food downstairs. I happened to be in the area today, and made sure to swing in for a late lunch. Yummmmm. My absolute fave menu items there are their hot croissant sandwiches, specifically the chicken cordon bleu or the white cheese heaven. Delicious flaky croissants, melty cheese galore. But as I am trying to eat a tad bit healthier, I sadly resisted my first choice and instead went for the chef salad. I'm happy to say it didn't disappoint. The portions were huge, tons of meat, delicious Italian vinaigrette dressing. Annnnd...the roll that they included was just as flaky and yummy as their croissants, so I at least had my carb craving fulfilled. Would highly recommend this place for a great breakfast or lunch spot.
5	Great, friendly service, nice location, and terrific food! Not your typical "coffee shop", think Starbucks meets Paradise Bakery. This will be a new favorite Tempe lunch spot. I was here for a business meeting and they were extremely curteous and helpful without being intrusive. I'm a huge fan!
1	Wow. I'm really appalled to hear about the customer service issues people have been having here.  It's truly sad when a business owner feels the need to insult his/her customers.But, that didn't happen to me..the coffee happened to me.  This place is called "romancing the bean" as if it's supposed to be a coffee shop.  But they should probably rebrand it as a lunch cafe for the suits that work in the building. Maybe renaming it.... "For us, by us"  or "Tons of Pastries" Anyway... I went there one day with a friend.  She ordered an americano, and I a mocha.  We were promptly served, and sat down to watch the school aged girl (10 years old?)  work as I had a server on a school day.   What is that all about?!It only took a glance into the cup to realize that we had crap handed to us.  My mocha was gritty and disgusting.  Probably from using low quality chocolate (maybe even chocolate powder! Yuck).  Her americano was looking bad, the espresso crema was almost non existant, and after a scorching sip, we both realized that they have no idea how to use their espresso machine.  We threw away our drinks, and headed to cartel.To anyone interested in coffee, please drive a few minutes down the road to any other coffee shop in the area.  Cartel is south, Open Source is east, Sola is north, and even Starbucks is right around the corner on mill.
4	My husband works in the office building the Bean is located in, so we happen to frequent quite often.  Sometimes lunch, sometimes just a snack after work, and on rare occasion we grab breakfast there.  Their muffins are absoultely wonderful; especially the cinnamon chocolate crunch.  The croissant menu is fabulous, and the grilled cheese is delish.  My very favorite part of the Bean?  Ginger Peach Iced Tea.  Oh yes!  It is to die for. Tends to be pricey, but I'm hooked on the $2.50 iced tea, so what can you do.
5	Robert and Luann (owners) were absolutely wonderful in accommodating a last minute request to cater a board meeting for me within the Tempe area.  It was a rather lengthy board meeting so providing a nourshing meal was an absolute goal.  RTB "delivered" a wonderful assortment of sandwiches that pleased everyone as they included a vegetarian selection as well.  Their breads are to die for, baked fresh daily, and the sandwiches were so large, many in the meeting only ate half of a sandwich.  Chips and drinks were provided and of course the most "yummy" cookies anyone had tasted.  Last minute price comparisons with other sandwich shops in the areas showed that RTB was competitive.   In reading other blogs with negative customer service comments, I find them hard to believe as I experienced nothing but absolute kindness, professionalism, and a "go out of their way" attitude.  I would use them again and recommend them to anyone else who needs a wonderful catered lunch.
1	The food is OK but they take 20 minutes for stuff to be out.I was sitting inside at a table ...waited 20 minutes for food and had to be on a business call. so i just come out, talked 5 mts come back and see that the drink  i had half drunk  has been wiped off.i ask the Lady ( seems to be the owner) she almost shouts at me why I had left.I told that i was on a call so i had to walk outside..she angrily hands my food 30 minutes later. This is customer TORTURE.NEVER EVER going BACK.and the coffee here sucks...try some other store...even starbucks is better
2	I have been meaning to write this review for a while now, which I may add, I never write reviews, but this place asked for it. I heard about this place from a friend, who clearly had to have gotten her food to go because it is the only possible way to leave this place satisfied and not offended.  I came here to try it out with my boyfriend about 6 months ago and walked into what appeared to be a cute little cafe.  I saw a few tables and was told by a timid waitress that we could sit down and she would help us out from there.  I could tell it was an older couple who ran the place.  The male owner came over and took our order.  At first everything was good, my latte was alright, nothing special. We waited maybe 15 minutes for our sandwiches and salads.  I don't recall it "taking forever" but it must have been right before their lunch rush or something.  I was about half way through my meal and the male owner comes over to the table and tells us basically we need to be finished and out in 10 minutes because they have a group of 4 that needs to sit down.  We shockingly looked at each other thinking, "Is this guy serious?" He was dead serious and in fact came back maybe 5 minutes later to check up on our progress of getting out.  My boyfriend said something to him and he told us that we weren't allowed to "just sit down anywhere" anyways.  We were so upset with that treatment that we just left and  I just could not believe how we just payed 30 maybe 40$ for a couple sandwiches and a side salad and my over-rated latte.  My boyfriend was so disgusted by that treatment that he vowed never to return and still REFUSES to go back to this very day. I admit to going once more but got it to go.  This time I had no problems and I actually really like their lavender lemonade.  Like I said before, if you're in the area and decide to eat here, get it togo! The food isn't bad but I wouldn't go out of my way for it until they learn how to properly run a cafe.
4	Fantastic lunch, great prices, nice people, and possibly the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie I've ever had. Things get busy, but they still manage to get stuff out to us pretty quickly. We always get it to go, so I haven't had to deal with any rudeness.I liked their soups and their croissants are great. Overall, a good place to eat.
5	I love this place! Great croissants, soup, and dessert! They are known for their delicious chocolate chip cookies!
4	A cafe that definitely caters to more of an ''adult/professional' crowd. They sell sandwiches and salads options, as well as offer a few dessert items.I just came here for coffee and was pleasantly surprised by their options. My girlfriend ordered a White Coffee which was made with condensed milk. Definitely good for people who like creamy coffee drinks They're very flexible on how you want your drink ordered.I got an iced caramel drink that was about $2.95. They put them in stryofoam cups which I thought was a bit weird especially for an iced drink. The location is right off Rio Salado with metered parking or a garage. It's a bit hidden and not your typical ASU coffee shop where students are taking up all the spaces to study.
4	Romancing the Bean was recommended by a friend who works in the area and since I had to drop my mom off at the airport, I thought it would be a perfect spot to take her before her flight and I couldn't have been more pleased!I was lucky to get a metered spot right out front and a table inside as another couple stood up. We both ordered the turkey and swiss croissants with raspberry dipping sauce- DELICIOUS!The croissants were flaky and the sauce was the perfect complement to the meal. My mom rarely finishes a meal and proclaimed she wasn't very hungry as we walked in...I've never seen her finish her food so quickly!She has already decided she is going back next time she's in town and I plan on returning several times before that happens.
5	I've been here tons of times and have never had a bad customer service experience, so it's strange for me to be reading some of these reviews. Anyway, the food, coffee, and atmosphere here are all wonderful. Yes, prices for some of the lunch items is a bit steep, but I've never eaten anything bad from here. If you come for breakfast, the eggs and pastries are TO DIE for. The only downside for those visiting is parking. Since I work in the adjacent building, it's not really an issue for me and I will keep coming back for more.
4	I am really impressed with this tiny space tucked between office buildings. I am tired of the cardboard crap that Starbucks, Peets and the like serve  ,so I figured I'd try something new. They make a mean Americano - just what I need to survive an afternoon packed with meetings. Their pastries as HIGH quality and the ingredients are the real deal - cream filled puffs means you get WOW fresh cream not whipped cream or fake cream. I am a fan. Only problem - parking is a pain. I havent tried lunch here but judging by their pastry selections, I will be coming here soon!!
5	This place is AMAZING!!  The owner himself delivered our catered request.  The presentation was wonderful and the food was so delicious!!  I will definitely be using them for future meetings.  I highly recommend.  Thank you Romancing The Bean for a seamless and delicious experience :)
5	Had lunch with the guys from work. The people were really nice, even being as busy as they are! Food was great!!
1	Very good food...Service is rather snotty.  I've had things thrown in bags and never a thank you.  I've waiting 10 minutes for soup with nobody in the place.
4	I had a hard time finding this place (caters mainly to the lunchtime business crowd in a business park) but once I did I was in heaven. The coffee was outstanding, as was the sandwich and salad (I had the grilled cheese). I also appreciated the free wifi. The only downsides were the slightly confusing setup (you sit down and wait to be served, OR stand in line to get something to go, but there is no sign that explains this), and the cookie I had which was too salty and just not all that. I also wish they were open on weekends...
2	We used to love this place but the service has gotten horrible as of late. We left after 20 minutes of no service last time, and our previous visit the service was very slow too.The food is still good, but gone is the good service. Expect empty drink glasses and long wait times these days. Too bad, but even after discussing it with the owner it doesn't appear to change as he was quite unapologetic about it.
4	Solid  lunch spot for fresh sandwiches and tasty soup. Can't go wrong with a turkey and avocado sandwich on multigrain and veggie chili. Also be sure to try something from the baked goods case. The chocolate chip and peanut butter cookies are exceptional.It does get very busy during the lunch rush, but if you can eat early or late, you should have no problem. Also a great place to eat outside on a beautiful day.
1	The cookies are about the only good thing about this place. The service is outrageously bad. A friend and I ordered lunch- just some sandwhiches, and it took over 30 mins. After telling the waitress that we needed to rush things with the check, she took even longer, forcing us to go to the front of the restaurant to pay.The manager is always courteous and thoughtful, but his staff is always terrible. On the few other occasions I have eaten there, my order is always incorrect. Huge waste of time, if you are looking for a speedy lunch.
4	I have a feeling I am about to start a romance with this restaurant. Lots of fancy coffee and tea drinks, pastries, and a full lunch menu. Dine in is full service... just take a seat and the waitress will come over to you with a menu. Just an fyi since they don't have that info posted anywhere so I was a little unsure of what to do. Since it is located in an office park, most people seem to do take out but I thought seemed like a pretty nice place to spend your lunch break.I ordered the spinach and feta stuffed croissant. I am sure it had like a million calories but it was so worth it. Just amazing!
5	This joint is so easy to review.  The chef owner is the best baker/creator in town...hands down.  With her insane selection of tasty muffins, cookies, and pastries...you can't go wrong here. I don't even know how she does it!  Aside from her amazing culinary delights, her husband runs the front of the house and is one of the most involved and friendly business owners you will run into. They are truly passionate about their gift of running a successful restaurant. Sure this is mainly a restaurant that caters to the workers in this little business complex and they are probably missing out on being one of the best places in the city because of their "hidden in a office building" factor....but....YOU MUST AT LEAST COME HERE TO TRY HER INSANE CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE if nothing else (that is if I haven't already taken the last one.)
5	I have enjoyed every lunch I've had here (or taken to go) and the service is also excellent. The entire staff always wears a smile even though they are usually super busy. The claim to fame for Romancing the Bean is their baked goods. Their muffins and croissants will blow your mind!! They also usually have a few scones, cakes, and cookies. I also love their lattes and they even offer soy milk.Breakfast pastries aside, I am usually in here for lunch. All of their stuffed croissants are incredible!! I have to force myself not to order those (because of the calories). Another favorite of mine is their special on Fridays which is creamy tomato basil soup served with a perfectly grilled cheese sandwich. Watch out, though, they'll add jalapenos in there unless you ask them not too. They are just quirky like that.
5	One of my favorite breakfast & lunch spots since I moved to Arizona. I can't say enough good things about this place. The owners are wonderful and the food even better. Everything is made from scratch down to the salad dressings. I recommend trying one of their famous cookies, they are to die for!
1	Wow, I will never be coming back here again.  Ordered a crab salad sandwich and then proceeded to wait for 50 minutes.  When my table's food arrived, I had no sandwich. I was not about to wait another 50 minutes for my food so I left.  The table next to me was complaining that they had to wait 20+ minutes to see their server to get their checks to leave.
4	Love the Bean.  A little pricey to go every day.  Good service but you may have to eat outside in the heat, if you show up after 12:00 any day of the week.  The food is very good.  Soups, salads, sandwiches and superb desserts.  new wait staff so be patient if there are delays or slow service.  Superb ownership.  Owner checks on everyone eating.
5	If you're in Tempe come check this place out.  The coffee and sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced.  A noteworthy item here is the superb customer service.  The baristas refer to customers by name when checking in on people sitting around the cafe (pretty cool when they only hear your name once when ordering).  A personal touch in an impersonal world.  I highly recommend this cafe to anyone in Mesa, Tempe, Chandler or Scottsdale.
4	Stopped here for a bite between classes.. Usually not a fan of coffee shops but my boyfriend told me that he knows this place that's light & healthy. It's not only a coffee shop/bakery, but a indoor&outdoor lunch restaurant. I was amazed, such a awesome spot for quick bites. Not the cheapest, but SO worth it. The service is impeccable, the food comes fast, & you can ask to sample some things like soup of the day or like me, the chicken salad sandwich. Definitely going back for more! It's like heaven in my mouth!
5	I have gone to Romancing the Bean several times now for lunch. Not only is the food excellent but so is the service. The server is very good to let you know what the daily specials are and are very prompt in getting your order taken and delivered! I have had the Ham and Swiss Croissant and it's baked PERFECTLY! I love how the croissants are sealed all the way so it's like a little yummy pocket of heaven. I've tried the Cream of Asparagus soup and the Gazpacho and both were so flavorful. I would HIGHLY reccomend stopping in here if you are in the area!!!
5	I am a regular, especially on Wednesday when the special is Taco Salad.  Great food and today superb service.  Keep it up.  Love going to the "Bean" for lunch.
4	Romancing the Bean: Too cute . . . Name and the place alike!  If I worked in this area, I'd be in BIG trouble. Dine in service or To-go available here; obviously this is about a To-go experience. Was in an all-day class in the Microsoft Office suite, and came down here on one of the breaks for some coffee. Ended up walking out with their Daily Roast aka one strong cup o' Joe, plus one of the most amazing blueberry scones I've ever tasted! Just the right amount of sweet, browned perfectly on the outside but still a soft on the inside. Nothing like those Crisco Bomb "scones" plaguing Starbucks pastry cases nationwide. Did I mention this was all for $3.88? Taylor was the cashier and she provided friendly and speedy service during the morning rush. If you work over here, it'd be a mistake to not check out Romancing the Bean for some coffee, breakfast or lunch. Know I'll be back when visiting clients in this part of Tempe!
4	Great peppermint bark mocha. Good scrambled eggs and bacon breakfast. Nice to see a place that baked their croissants fresh
5	I love this place.  Robert and Luanne are great.  Robert particularly makes me feel like family.  All the food here is so good it is hard to choose what to get.  A hot stuffed Croissant, with Ham and Swiss?  Chopped Salad with Champagne Vinaigrette?  A Sloppy Joe or French Dip when they are on special?  One of the awesome soups?  Too many decisions.
3	So, I sorta have a love-hate relationship with this place. It is in my office building so I come here quite frequently. Their coffee (while not as strong) as Sbux is really good. I get their soups atleast once a week. Caesar salads are totally delish. Egg salad is awesome because they dont put a bunch of weird crap in it (pickles ewwww). My ultimate favorite are their Italian Soda's. I love them. Seriously, so good. Have a Strawberry one with cream. Okay, now I have two constant - never changing complaints about this joint. The prices are slightly steep, not ridiculous, but it is enough that people comment about it. Number 2, which really is my bigger complaint of the two, the girls they hire are quiet possibly dumbest bottom of the barrel, couldn't find anything better, worthless ASU students. I get it, it's a coffee house, not rocket science, but they are always standing around like they don't have a clue, and it seems like each of them can only be tasked with doing one thing at a time, or it is just too much. Like one can make this, the other can get croissants (which oooooo are so good) The owners (who work in there daily) are super nice. They just really need to find some better help.
5	Probably not a destination you would visit unless you worked here or wanted to have a business meeting and thats the kind of people you run into here.  Beautiful business people.  I met a friend just to check out the baked goods and try the coffee.It's really a full dining experience with a breakfast and lunch menu that look delicious.  I got to spy some of the lunch items heading out for catering and they looked fab!Coffee and baked goods were good but I think I spent as much in parking fees as I did in coffee.Staff is probably the only questionable factor here.  Manager was correcting them loudly in eating area which seemed very unprofessional.  Good workers are hard to find.Thanks Romancing you do a great job!
5	One of my favorite spots for lunch! I get the veggie sandwich every time and it comes with a side salad. Plenty of food for a good price. The multigrain bread is delicious and the honey mustard dressing can't be beat. The place is kind of small but during nice days there is a lot of seating outside.
4	Great food. Nice little cafe for lunch. Its tucked away so you won't see it from the street. The only thing keeping it from being a 5 star is unfortunately the service extremely lacked. Not a great first experience. Hopefully next time it will be better...yes there will be a next time!
5	i just found my tempe happy place! everybody here is happy -- the patrons to eat, the staff to serve, the back room to cook.  so much care and love went into RTB's caesar salad - literally the best I've ever had - and it was just my 'side salad' for...Their  AMAZING cordon bleu croissant.  This is a TRUE croissant - flaky, layered, buttery, yet light - with chicken, swiss and ham baked inside.  As good as it gets...  I can't wait to go back again. And again. And again!  Thank you to owners Luanne and Robert for making a visitor feel like a friend.  And it was not just me -- these folks (and their waitstaff, too) know what it is to host!
4	Newest coffee on magnolia. Great people and decor. Good place to get breakfast or lunch.
3	Been coming to this place for a while as I work nearby and love the food but the staff is what makes the 3 stars. Food- Their pastries are excellent my favorite is the ALMOND BRAN MUFFIN yummy. Flavored coffee also great. Location- Nice location, quaint and cute, they have a rack of funny cards which always crack me up.Owners- a couple that are always there working hard and very nice.Staff- Mainly girls that are more interested about gossiping about each other than the service. I've been coming here for about 2 years (because of the amazing food and proximity to my office) and on numerous occasion have sat there waiting for minutes as the ignore me and chat about their weekend. Another annoying thing about their service is that if you order a coffee the person ringing you up will actually go make your coffee holding up the rest of the line. Sometimes this makes no sense to me as there are other people in the back standing around doing nothing. I've comment to them before that they should have a better strategy for this. I recommend going because all the muffins and cookies and to die for but make sure you do it when you have time to sit around and wait.
5	Incredible all around. All the foods from pastries to soup, salad, and sandwiches are delicious. Coffee is excellent. I would recommend trying their chicken noodle soup, best I've ever had. Great owner and staff. If you're free Monday-Friday for lunch I recommend definitely stopping by here.
4	Been here for three different occasions and every time was good! The cookies were to die for, and the sandwiches are loaded!
3	Latte was good, nice texture, lots of froth. Cashier was friendly, but I listened to what I believe to be the owner loudly gossip about people the entire time I drank my coffee. At one point she called someone a "b*tch" and after speaking to a potential future employee on the phone said, "legally I'm not allowed to not hire someone if they have blue hair or tattoos, but I'm not hiring someone who has blue hair or tattoos". The lack of professionalism was surprising and made my experience somewhat unpleasant. If I return, I'll be ordering to go.
5	This place was awesome.  The owners were very helpful and were engaging with the ALL of their customers. It appears like they love their job and it shows. You rarely see this these days. The food was amazing as well. I can't wait to find an excuse to be on that side of town again so I can enjoy their tasty food!
5	One of the best and most charming gems of a coffee shop/cafe in town! It's hidden and many don't know of it... But at Hayden Ferry lakeside off Mill Ave and Rio Salado is this tucked-away spot! Business hours, so make sure you stop in before 3pm. I think they close around 4-5. It's awesome though! Try the Italian Sub, chicken salad, egg salad, all of their desserts (seriously!), and they've got great salads and soups! I love the Italian wedding, chicken noodle, and my all-time fav --- tomato basil ravioli! Mouth-watering. They get swarmed during lunch, so try to make it early or go after the rush! :) If you can manage to get a cookie or macaroon when they're baked fresh, you will surely be hooked!
1	If I could give a zero rating I would. I will NEVER be back there. My friend and I went on a stroll with our newborns in strollers and stopped here for a drink since it was hot out. We bought 2 Italian sodas from a very nice barista. Then we decided we wanted to try food from the food truck located just outside. We were told by a very rude blonde lady, while we were still enjoying our drinks, that we would have to leave. She handled the situation very rudely and told the security guard of the building that we were not customers, which we clearly were. If that is the way they treat customers then I don't and would not want to be one EVER again.
2	This place has a huge variety of lunch items! Came in with co-workers and sat outside, not great ambiance as it is basically in a parking structure but it's better than sitting in an office!The crepes look awesome. I got a turkey sandwich with avocado and a side salad. Took awhile for the food to come out, due to the large amount of customers. Unfortunately, there was a big black hair on my sandwich and I had to send it back. The 2nd one came out pretty fast, so I'm hoping they didn't just re-serve me the same one The side salad was really good though. Overall, I wouldn't come back by myself, but  if my co-workers wanted to, i'd come back without complaining.
5	Amazing!  Hidden jewel of Tempe and wonderful people!
