3	La Casa Blanca is a desert isle -- a stand-alone adobe surrounded by dirt and fields and housing developments under construction. I'd love to give La Casa Blanca 5 starts -- really, I would -- for their effort and ambiance. But sadly, the food is simply average.  The setting and service here are really very nice. The Old Mexico theme is carried off well, with weathered wood-and-metal lighting and wall decor, colorful woven rugs on the walls, and rustic tile underfoot. The patio is even nicer, with strings of twinkling lights hung from the Palo Verde trees, and misters in the summertime and plenty of heat lamps to make cool winter evening comfortable. Our service has always been prompt and pleasant. Now for the downside... the tortillas taste store bought, the salsa is mediocre, and the meat rather blah. But if you're looking more for an overall enjoyable dining experience more than killer-food, a visit to La Casa Blanca will be worth your trip.
4	I have eaten at LCB many times.. I don't like the chain restaurants for mexican food.. I must counter the other review with the positives.Their salsa is some of the best, its fresh, homemade and a little on the black peppery side.. They serve fresh bean dip (just have to ask now) and warm chips..  I have tried the combo plates, the fajitas and the spinach and cheese enchiladas. The cheese-crisp is huge with generous amount of cheese. I ask for tomatoes on top.. I like their tostadas and crispy tacos.. I try to get a Mango rum Pina Colada which goes well with Mexican food. As for the tortillas tasting store bought, thats news to me.. I think these are far better for restaurant made than most restaurants like Chevy's who makes theirs in plain sight!If you like the chains of mexican food, Garcias, etc.. give this place a shot, you'll like it!!
4	This is a great out of the way place that is Authentic! I hate Chains! The patio is very romantic and big and the food is really good! I've had the shrimp enchiladas, chicken chimi and many more wonderful dishes.  The fajitas! The servings are large and sometimes after all the chips and salsa which is really good I can only finish half my meal! There are two dining areas I prefer the one with the booths as its a little quieter. TIP: on Fri. and Sat. night there is a long wait so if you need to be at a movie or something go early about 6pm. Also the patio fills up fast! I have since moved to Boulder, but every time I come to Phoenix (which is a lot) I make the trip a little further south to come here and have never been disappointed.
4	This is so close to my house that it is a shame that I have been driving by it for the last 4 years.  Finally, tonight, my wife was feeling adventurous enough to try a new place.  We were very happy with our experience and will be returning again in the near future.Chips and salsa were good.  The salsa was a smooth, red sauce that I would define as medium hot, although I like SPICY food.  The chips were crisp and not greasy.I had the Enchiladas Blancas which were green chile enchilada with a spicy cream cheese sauce.  They were very good and the tortillas were crisp.  The meat inside was delicious.  Rice was good and the bean salad side was interesting.My wife ate the El Pollo Fundido.  It was one of the best I have ever tried.  The chicken was tender and not over-cooked.  My wife is Chicana and can be very picky about  her Mexican food.  That she liked La Casa Blanca means a lot.The kids had chicken tenders and french fries, cheese crisp, and a bean burrito.  All of the kids reported they liked their meals.  They also had strawberry smoothies which were delicious.Our waiter was quick, attentive, and friendly.  For the five of us, the bill came to just over $50, which I consider very reasonable for what we got.  We were very happy with our meal and sorry we had not tried this great restaurant sooner.
5	This place has become one of our regular dinner places.  The food and service are always great.  I am upgrading my rating to 5 stars.
5	Great!
2	I've driven past this place dozens of times and wondered if they were any good.  I found the existing reviews inconclusive so we decided to drop in for dinner one evening.When we arrived we immediately liked the outdoor area and the warm decor inside.  A couple came in behind us and we inquired if they had been there before.  They replied that they had and we asked if it was good.  The husband shrugged and uttered, "Meh.  It's gringo."We stayed and shared an appetizer and an entree.  We were served a small dish of frijoles and a small dish of salsa.  To our surprise the frijoles were rather hot.  Not terribly flavorful, just spicy.  The salsa was ok and spicy as well.As if to continue in the same vein, our enchiladas arrived and the filling was very spicy.  Again, not terribly flavorful, just spicy.  We had one pork enchilada and one beef enchilada.  I couldn't tell which was which for sure.The tacos el carbon appetizer that we shared had so much fresh, raw onion on it that we were tearing up and picking it off.  Strange.Well, now we know and we won't wonder about it when we drive by but we certainly won't be back.I like spicy food that is flavorful not just hot for the sake of being hot and nothing else going on.
2	We have been going to La Casa Blanca since it opened.  We have gotten used to the mediocre service over time.  The menu is over priced for the portion size and the items are not exactly as they are described.  The shrimp tacos are described as grilled shrimp so I asked our server how big the shrimp were, I wanted to make sure it was not going to be those tinny tiny mini shrimp you can buy in a can like tuna or are frozen, freeze-dried, mostly freezer burned and nasty.  The waiter stated they were regular sized and the weren't extremely small.  So my husband ordered the Pollo Fundido, bowl of the Tortilla soup and ordered the Shrimp tacos. The waiter asked if he should bring the soup first  we said yes. The chips beans and salsa were pretty good but the containers were the same size as what they serve the butter in at Outback.  Really...  The extra hot salsa has more of a "Mexican" flavor than the regular and had a little spice.  Needless to say the soup never came and we had to remind the server that we ordered it after we had had our meals for some time.  The potatoes were rock hard but the broth and chix were ok.  The fundido was good my  husband liked it but the portion size was very small for the price. The shrimp tacos were tinny tiny mini shrimp you can buy in a can like tuna or are frozen, freeze-dried, mostly freezer-burned and nasty.  Disappointed, we requested the server, he stated that he had never seen such small shrimp on the tacos before..  ???  So we requested the Mangr.  She came over and defended the dish and stated they were the best selling item on the menu and that no one had ever sent them back before.  They were not "grilled" shrimp and are smaller around than a nickle served with cheddar cheese and cabbage.  These so called "grilled" shrimp were white, chewy, freezer burned, over cooked, tasteless, and a sorry excuse for even popcorn shrimp.  When asked her if they were "grilled" she said "yes, oh yes we put them on a grill!"  Again, smaller than a nickle and  obviously not on "grilled"  on a grill. She insisted they had been and said she would remove the item from the check and took the plate.  She then returned a few minutes later to say she had spoken to the chef, defended the dish again and say she was surprised that i did not like it  which made it feel like it was my fault somehow .  Lame.  And then admitted they were too "small" to be "grilled" but they do cook them on a griddle.  The waiter returned and said he was happy it wasn't his fault although he was the one who sold them as .  Real lame.  This will be our last visit.
3	La Casa Blanca is hidden off on the east side of McQueen which is nice because it wasn't stuffed to the gills with customers.From the get go, I really liked the white adobe style architecture and the dirt parking lot.  These two aspects lent an escapist rural aesthetic to the experience contrasting the hot pavement and strip malls that bombard the senses in daily metro living.  The patio area also looked like a pretty cool place to kick back on a cool, southern Arizona evening.I was seated immediately, given a daily special and regular menu and had my drink order taken.  Chips and salsa were on the table in a flash encompassing both a standard red, tomato based salsa and a warm bean dip.  In all seriousness, this might have been the best part of my meal.  I could see myself eating just chips and salsa with maybe a cheese crisp and a tall iced tea and being completely satisfied.Instead I ordered a red chile burrito plate.  It was okay.  Nothing remarkable.  I like my red chile to be a tad thicker in the sauce department and this particular red chile was slightly soupy while relying on the slow cooked beef to carry the dish.  For a ten dollar plate, I felt the burro was sort of small.  It came with beans and rice which were also decent but not outstanding.They have all kinds of stuff here: tamales, tacos, tostadas, enchiladas, all the usual suspects.  But for my money and my palette, I usually stick with a red chile burrito as a basis for my standard measure.La Casa Blanca is a nice spot and the food isn't bad.  It's just not outstanding for my tastes.  I can, however, see myself coming back.
4	I have had nothing but great experiences here. I love the diversity of the food, it's not all one style of Mexican food. They offer Mexican food from various Mexican states. Delish!
2	First time there, was not too bad, service was ok.  Second time, food tasted like a frozen dinner, service is very poor.  Will not eat here again.
4	Great Mexican food, Sonora style with there own variations.
3	I recently went here with my family after a long day of moving. I remember I'd been here quite a few years ago, but I didn't remember what it was like, so now we're back to try it again.I'm going to keep this review relatively short because there's really not that much to say. The mexican food here is just about what you get at every average mexican food restauraunt in arizona. That is to say that it's good, and it's fresh. The food came out hot and the tortilla chips were crispy. What I didn't like about this place was that it really busy. I don't mind busy usually, however, when you don't have the wait staff to keep up with cleaning tables, and you're sat down at a table that still has crumbs on it and no silverware it's a problem. There were several tables that still had drink cups and plates waiting to be bussed away after a meal. The Waitress barely spoke any english. I wasn't terribly hungry when we came, so I tried to order a flauta a la carte, and she brought me a flauta meal. They were good and i didn't have any complaints, but I don't care for rice and beans, which is why i ordered a la carte. My wife liked the rice and beans however. The fried ice cream was pretty good, although not as crispy as I like, I don't think it was fried long enough. The sopaipilla were good as well. Overall, decent mexican food, below average cleanliness and wait staff bring this place down. I'd go back with a family member if they wanted, but on my own I'd rather go to macayos.
5	Great food, drinks and service.
5	La Casa Blanca isn't one of those restaurant chains that seems the same.They have great food, excellent service and a really nice atmosphere. The patio is awesome to relax & dine in. We'd recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a great restaurant experience.Robert Pfeifer
4	It's delicious. That is all. Just kidding. I would call it slightly above average restaurant Mexican food. I personally still favor La Parilla Suiza over it, but this place is pretty good.
1	I was just here a few hours earlier today and I have to say that this is the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant. The service was absolutely horrible. Our waitress barely spoke English and seemed to forget about us. She came and got our drink and food orders and we didn't see her until the food came. My drink was empty for about 15 minutes. I would of asked for a refill as she walked by except for the fact she disappeared  the entire time. The food at La Casa Blanca is okay however it's very overpriced. I wouldn't mind the price if the service was halfway decent. I've eaten here several times since I moved to Arizona but after today I really don't think I will ever go back.
1	My husband and found this place a few months ago.  The food was great so, we returned several times.  It wasn't until our last three trips that it all turned sour for us.  The service was slow and I mean no refills on drinks, food came out after long time etc.  What irritated me the most was our last visit.  The place was busy as usual and we waited to order drinks, then our food and then NOTHING.  The waiter never came back!!!  We found out later he walked off the job with two other servers.  Our food came out and it was cold.  Then we needed drink refills and nobody came by the table.  Then we just wanted our check as we had friends with us and their was no service.  My husband finally flagged another guy down, after an hour of waiting and asked for a bill.  NOTHING!!! It wasn't until we were ready to walk out that he said to the supervisor at the hostess stand
1	This place is a terrible excuse for a restaurant..  Service, poor, food below average and the management is very unprofessional.  They would rather argue that the food is good rather than accommodate unhappy guests.  BTW dont order the shrimp tacos, they are tiny canned or freeze dried and nasty!Dont waste your time or money!  Thank god this is not a chain...
1	We were so excited when this restaurant opened. South Chandler in the early days had very few local restaurants. This much anticipated restaurant has turned out to be very dissapointing. It earned the nick name "surprizes" because you never know what you are going to get. The proprietor is not very accomodating or helpful and the food is extremely salty over all.  The salsa is quite good I must admit however this place has far too many issues to resolve before we ever return.  The food is poor and any complaints constructively directed to management fall upon deaf ears. We only live  a half mile from Casa Blanca, but we will not eat there under any circumstances anymore. The food is terrible... The chips and salsa course is as good as its ever going to get here...
2	I really wish I could give this nice little Mexican restaurant a great review, being close to my house and NOT a chain. However, the food is mostly average at best and the service is variable. The complementary chips and salsa (+ bean dip) is the best of the meal. We have enjoyed the quesadilla (adult style, with chicken) and fish tacos. If you like spicy food, this isn't your place.Their plan for seating tables is difficult to understand - nights when the weather is beautiful, only one or two tables will be seated on the patio and you're told that they don't have servers to serve you out there. Meanwhile, they have both rooms inside filled to about half capacity? Huh? On other visits, they've indicated they are only seating the main room in front and will make you wait for a table, but they have a couple of tables seated in the back room? Again, huh?The decor is very nice. Beautiful wall paintings throughout. Perhaps we'll go back in the fall/winter when there is a chance that they might seat us outside on a nice night. Then again, do we want to risk it?
1	My family of five ate at La Casa Blanca this evening. We have three small children, but I was told, from numerous people, that considering the location (smack down in the middle of suburbia), kids go all the time and it's "kid-friendly." So, when we walked in, I was happy to see many tables with small children as well. Although I did notice two things right away: (1) it was very LOUD (not necessarily "kid" loud, but just "restaurant" loud) and (2) nobody had any food on their tables. We should've left. But, we stayed. We immediately got served chips and salsa (quite delicious) but then it took the server another 5-10 minutes to take our drink order (and then ANOTHER 15 to actually get our adult drinks). I did have an infant (16 months) who would periodically scream. Yes, it was annoying. Why didn't I take him outside, you might ask? Well, (1) Was he cranky/fussing? No. (2)Were we at a swanky place with white tablecloths and no children around? No. (3) Was it so quiet in the restaurant that nothing else could be heard but this one child? No. (4) Was I hoping beyond hope that our food would arrive and thus, appease the child? Yes. Other children (not my own) were crying, talking, laughing...you know, things that young children do. It's in South Chandler, people. We have kids. Part of the problem was that it took *45* minutes to get our food! My kids were hungry. Before that, however, the manager came over and had the nerve to tell my baby to be quiet. So, the management did say something, but she had absolutely no tact. Then, when our food finally came, my 3 year old's grilled cheese was cold. So were the french fries. If he wasn't three and couldn't care less, I would've sent it back. The cheese was rubbery and orange, obviously sitting under a heat lamp for, well, probably 45 minutes. Then, the shrimp tacos? Really? Tiny, tiny, frozen shrimp, with gloppy creamy sauce on them. Not good. My husband's tostada shell? Couldn't even eat it...it was STALE. I thought we were being punked. Finally, when the management came over and asked "How everything was?" I told her that (1) she was quite rude and unprofessional and (2) the food was terrible. "I'm sorry to hear that. I need to keep EVERYBODY happy," she says. We live right around the corner and I was SO disappointed in this place and, most of all, the rude service, that I created this yelp account and wrote this review up the same evening. A positive thing to say about the place: it's a really cute Spanish style building w/ an amazing patio. But, save your money, angst, and time. Take a picture of the place and go elsewhere.
1	Not a very good experience.  First - to reviewer ds v. and anyone else who dined at La Casa Blanca this evening:  depending upon where you were sitting there is a good chance that my table was the "one".  I'm not ignorant to the fact that for a period my 1 year old son was very loud and I do apologize to anyone whose evening was affected... I'm embarrassed.  That said, it is not the responsibility of the staff to "control" any guest of the restaurant.  This restaurant was very loud and full of several noisy, high-energy children this evening.  It is my understanding that this restaurant is regularly patronized by young families with small and noisy children... perhaps it is not the best choice for you.  And regarding the the idiot who yelled across the restaurant:  be a gentleman, stand up and have a conversation.  This is restaurant... not an WWF wrestling event.Now, about the restaurant.  Upon arriving we were greeted and promptly setup at a table in the middle of the restaurant.  Chips, salsa and warm bean dip were quickly delivered to our table.  That was the highlight of the evening and everything was downhill from there.  Our server took our drink order but did not return for at least 15 minutes to take our food order... and then it was probably another 30 minutes before our food arrived.  During this time we were left with an almost-bare table and no attention... and it was during this time that my son was the annoyance.  At this point I couldn't even get the waiter's attention bail out if I had tried... and not-coincidentally once service resumed and food had arrived all was well... with my son.During this period of time the restaurant manager did stop by to make a sarcastic remark... TO MY 15 MONTH OLD SON.  No conversation to us except another lame remark when my wife commented.  She later provided a rather insincere apology when confronted... she seemed very stressed... it's Tuesday night... hate to interact with her on a busy weekend.The food - would have been alright (not great, but good enough) if it was warm.  The waiter did mention that my wife's shrimp dish takes a bit longer.  First - when was the last time that shrimp EVER required longer to prepare?  Second - how about delaying the preparation of the other plates so that they all finish at the same time?  My son's grilled cheese (yes - grilled cheese at a mexican restaurant.  give him a break... he's 3) was cold and fries soggy.  My enchilada was barely warm and my tostada shell was inedible.I will mention that the restaurant does appear to use fresh ingredients.  I know the cheese is freshly-grated because a 2x2 inch remnant from the block found it's way into my wife's taco...I wanted to like this place but probably not heading back...
5	Found this place by accident and loved it! Looks like a little hacienda, friendly staff and, oh yes, the food. I'm a bit of a Mexican food snob having grown in Texas, but the food here is awesome! Love the bean dip, love the fresh salsa, love the guacamole...after all that I only had room for a cheese enchilada plate...that was great. Will be back soon!
4	I have to say I was really impressed with the overall look and feel of La Casa Blanca. When it gets cooler outside I am definitely going to sit on the patio. The service was good, food was good, margarita was a little weak, but overall I will definitely return. Next time I might ask them to not seat me in a room where literally every single table has a screaming child. Oh well!
4	Its my favorite mexican restaraunt very popular in the neighborhood.  The only reason I give it four stars instead of five was I think they should improve the margaritas.  My favorite dishes are the hard shell tacos and sonoran enchilada.
1	I have been to La Casa Blanca over 8 times and this time was the last.  They have had some consistency issues before-sometimes the food is flavorful and spiced right-other times not.As usual -the chips came out-this time they tasted like they had been sitting around for who knows how long or they were bought from a store.  Our entrees came out right away.  I ordered simply a chicken enchilada and a shrimp taco.  The shrimp taco was incredibily spicy to the point I could not eat it.  After flagging down the waiter, I told him that we had been here many times and that I had ordered this before, and that it was too spicy.  He replied that he would check with the chef.  He came back and made some lame excuse that it was the pico de gallo - I said no-the whole taco was too spicy and it was inedible.The bill came out and lo and behold- the waiter didn't even have the decency to take the taco off the bill.  Forget it- you just lost our business-another loser restaurant here in Chandler.
2	I love the building, I'd like to love the atmosphere, but very loud and noisy inside.  The result of concrete floors and walls, and no partioning walls.  The food is very mediocre, something my cousins from Chicago would probably "think" is real Mexcian food.  Couldn't be further from the truth.  Food is extremely gringo-ized.  It's edible, but defintely doesn't satisy my lust for good Mexican food.  The outside patio is awesome, but have never seen anyone using it.  Which is a shame... Has the potential to be like "the Tortilla Factory" in Scottsdale which really capitalizes on its awesome outside area.  I really wish they would cook real Mexican food, do something with the interior boringness and noise, and utilize the great patio!
3	i like the food here at La Casa Blanca. The staff is always friendly. The atmosphere is older in decor and could use some updating. I really like the Pollo dish wrapped in a tortilla with cheese and sour cream. It was delicious. I have been there 3 times and not disappointed yet. And its close to the house.
2	So so food...but I liked the patio.  Better food, and cheaper, can be had at Elmers or Filibertos.
2	I wanted to love this restaurant, I really did.  The outside patio looks like a place I'd like to be at.  But the food is mediocre at best.  I had the carnitas chimichanga, and it was just ok.  The chips and salsa were good, but chips & salsa do not a meal make.  Wont be back, and I really wanted to kick it on the patio.
4	La Casa Blanca is pretty far from my house I stumbled upon it randomly on a Sunday afternoon drive.  This is a really nice looking restaurant from the street so I decided to stop in.  They have a ton of parking in the rear of the restaurant  and the decor is pretty nice with a big covered patio.  The waitress I had was nice and my food came out quickly.  They have very good chips, salsa, bean dip and guacamole.  My chilli reno was good and came with what appeared to be fresh tortillas.  If I am on this side of town again I will definitely stop in.Try:- Bean dips and Salsa- Sitting on the Patio
5	Great food and great service. The atmosphere was awesome and the margaritas are amazing! Definitely a must stop in chandler for Mexican food!
2	For some reason my family comes back here fairly regularly once every 2-3 months or so.  It's one of those things where we go and eat, say "well, we don't need to come back here again," and then forget that we've said that and go back.The food is just ok.  Average.  I like tacos, and their carne tacos are decent, but no better than you'd get anywhere else.  The bean dip at the start of the meal is my favorite thing here.  If I could order a bowl of that with tortillas, I'd like this place better.  The beans that actually come with your meal are not nearly as good--they always have that dried-out, stale look that you expect from a fast-food restaurant.  My mom likes the enchilada sauce, but says that it's not really much better than anyplace else.The service is pretty uniformly bad.  We once had a run-in with a manager who freaked out at our waitress for no apparent reason, but usually it's just a problem of inattentive waitstaff.  It almost always takes forever to get the check, but they always seem in a hurry to get us out of there once we've managed to pay.I have to say, though, that my least favorite thing is the giant TV screens in the back dining room.  I absolutely hate TVs in restaurants, and although I'm willing to look past that if the food is stellar, this food just doesn't make up for the atmosphere.Maybe this time we'll remember we don't need to go back.
4	We stopped in on Easter with some friends.  There were eight total of our party.  It took them a few minutes to get a table ready for us, our drink order was taken promptly once we were seated.  The chips and salsa and bean dip were great.I ordered the spinach enchilada and my wife had the chicken fajitas.  The girls had a kids quesadilla and some rice and beans.  The spinach enchilada was very good.  It was served with a green sauce that had a nice spice to it and I like the rice and beans.  My wife really enjoyed her fajitas.  The friends we were with also enjoyed their food, they are regular customers and recommend the place.I have wanted to try this place for a while but it is a little out of the way and I never think of it when we want to go eat.  I was glad our friend suggested it and I plan to be here again.
5	Tried this place for the 1st time....it's amazing. Fresh food and excellent service. Went there with my daughter, boyfriend and his children. The food was hot and done to order. The chips were served with salsa and a spicy bean dip. Both were tasty. I had the fajitas with chicken. It came with rice and beans which were perfect. An awesome little out of the way place that I will recommend to anyone.
5	Had dinner her with @oouchanme, her daughter, and my girls.I loved the spicy refried beans that were served with the tortilla chips!Chile Colorado chimichanga was delicious, and a generous portion size.Very courteous and friendly staff. Would come back here for sure.
5	Came here last night for Cinco de Mayo and had a great time. They have an awesome patio and we sat out there for hours under the freakishly bright moon. They had an really rad dj that was playing a cool mix of American pop and hip-hop, latin salsa, and raggaeton music. The servers were all super friendly, even though it was obvious they had had a long day. The food was pretty good; it was  fantastic idea to have a guy set up a grill outside to make carne asada tacos. Those were extremely tasty and only $1.50! This is a family restaurant so the crowd was very tame and the party started winding down around 9pm. But we are not big partiers so that was exactly what I was looking for.I look forward to coming here again on a "regular" night and trying more of their food.
1	I would really like to enjoy this place but sadly after many attempts~ I just can't.  I live one block from here.  We have eaten at La Casa Blanca several times and we always vow that we won't be back.  We decided to give it one more try with friends on Cinco De Mayo.  We arrived at 3pm and asked for a table outside to enjoy our drinks and food on such a beautiful day.  We were told we could not sit outside because they were going to decorate later............hmmmm?  I explained that we wouldn't be there long and we really wanted outdoor dining (the patio is quite nice).  So I asked if they would rather turn a table of 6 away rather than let us dine outside and the hostess response was......"I'm just following orders!"  So.............we left.  Most joints are quite happy to accommodate paying guests.  This time we will stick to our word, that we will, in fact, NOT be back!
2	My wife and I came in on a Sunday at dinner time, the restaurant was pretty full and lively. The server was prompt, our drinks, chips, salsa and bean dip came right out. My wife loved the bean dip, the salsa was just spicy enough. The margaritas are nothing special, too much 'sour' but that is nit picking - they are okay... The entres were average at best. My wife had the shrimp tacos - some of the shrimp looked grilled, others, not as grilled - like they made them in different batches. After eating one taco my wife couldn't take any more and left the second one - just not very good. I ordered a beef burrito - what came out was a rice burrito with a couple tablespoons of grey meet. I got the green chiles and cheese 'inside', the chiles were very good - the cheese was one lump in the middle of the burrito, not even melted. To their credit, they took my aweful burrito off the bill... The food is overpriced for what you get as well. After numerous 'luke warm experiences, we sadly decided this was our last trip to our local restaurant. SE Chandler is a 'black hole' when it comes to dining out - we will drive further north from now on, sorry to see this place continues to underwhelm.
1	Visiting family from Southern California.  We know what good Mexican is supposed to taste like.  My mom took us here and the results......The good: was seated fairly quickly, drinks were out quick and food was out in a reasonable amount of time and our server was a nice guy. The bean dip appetizer was descent. That is the extent of the good. The bad:  it started driving into the dusty, dirty rough driveway they call a parking lot.  I ordered shrimp tacos with rice. They were nasty, barely cooked with runny chipotle sauce. Not appetizing at all. The rice tasted more like Chinese fried rice that had been under a heat lamp for a while. Dry and not appetizing.  My husband had the sopitas some tostada thing with very dry meat on the top of a greasy dough ball. Beans were horrible. Dry as a popcorn fart. Maybe microwaved and canned. Totally tasteless.  Never be eating here again!!
4	Came here with my husband last week -- awesome classic mexican food...excellent bean dip and red sauce. We will be back!For the person who complained about the dirt road to the parking area, we actually liked the local character that added to the experience...if you want a posh place with 5x the price and trendy food, go to Scottsdale, they have plenty of concrete parking lots.The classic white stucco building and rustic arches give this place a nice mission feel.TIP: dont sit in the back of the restaurant...request either the diing area to the right as you walk in or the patio.Great experience!
1	We had dinner here last night, food was average but the service was the Worst we have ever received. We waited 21 minutes when after we were seated and then went looking for a waiter, they said he would be right there, it was another 10 minutes before he came.  had to ask for chips three times and never did receive a refill on our water or the offer of another drink or anything.  Will not return....it was horrible and still cost more than $35.00.
1	Word on the street is that they were shut down by Sheriff Joe for 3 weeks after a sweep and took that long to get new employees.  So we thought we would give it a try again because it is so close to the house.  We thought they may have gotten a competent chef.  It was about half full and everyone seemed to be running around in a panic.  Asked for a table of 8 on patio.  Waited 15 minutes while we looked at all of the empty tables and chose to leave again without dinner and headed to another Mexican joint a few blocks away.   We would have been happy with a few margaritas and a sever to acknowledge us.
5	This place has great food! I love the cheese crisps, been going there for years!
4	We visited La Casa Blanca for a family night out.  The chips and salsa were very good, and they brought plenty.  But, the best part was their bean dip - it is the best bean dip I have ever eaten - I normally don't like bean dip and I could not stop eating thestuff!  I had a relleno for dinner and it was very tasty.  I hope to go back soon when I am not driving and help myself to a few glasses of draft beer, chips, salsa, and maybe some Nachos.  Also, on our visit we had excellent service.  Let's hope the management continues to keep this restaurant good by listening to those who visited and were disappointed in the service.  Viva La Casa Blanca!  I would like to see them add guacamole tacos to their menu selection ... mmmm, guacamole!
5	La Casa Blanca has amazing food! Every time I have eaten here it has been good. Everything is fresh and they have fresh tortilla chips and salsa before every meal. The cheese enchilada's are very good as well as the crunchy shredded beef and shredded chicken taco's. The service has always been very good and our servers have always been attentive. I would highly recommend this restaurant as a great authentic Mexican option in Chandler.
1	We used to come here for dinner all of the time and then started to come for Breakfast after church.  It has been going down hill for some time and we, unfortunately won't be going back.  Service is horrible, food is less than average and is going down.  My wife had to wait ten minutes for her toast after she already had her meal.  The eggs were cold by then.  When we asked for a refill on coffee, it took a long time and then they ran out of cream.Come on guys, you are better than that.
1	The service was very, VERY poor.  Waited for a complete hour before getting water at the table.  This was after ordering food.  The food was of course even later in arriving than the water.  Were told that they only had two staff persons in the kitchen.  When the meals did arrive they did not arrive all at the same time or even close (first meal came and than had to wait for over 15 min more for the last meal to arrive).  On top of this the food was plain and boring.  A burrito to me has the the veggies(or meat) plus rice, beans, lettuce and salsa.  (Yes this is an "American" burrito, but I get this kind of burrito at many southern CA Mexican restaurants and it is what I have come to expect.)   What I received at La Casa Blanca (after I had to tell them what to put in) was bland and tasteless.  It was mostly tortilla and very little filling.  I will not patronize this establishment again.
1	i was with a group of four and we entered the La Casa Blanca at 1:30pm for lunch, we left at 3:20pm.  We ordered drinks and then waited for over half an hour for our waitress to return to take our food order.  It then took over 45 minutes to get our food and the food was awful.  The meat tasted like it had been cooked before, put in the refrigerator, then reheated.  The retried beans were stale and hard looking like they were microwaved, and the guacamole was a dark grey color.  When we asked for the check the waitress never came back.  We went up to the front and asked again for the checks and waited again for 15 minutes.  Now I was reaching my end of patience and decorum and asked for the manager.  She came out and stated in her rebuttal that we should have asked at the table for new food and not at the end of service.  I was (over the cliff) and asked why in the world would we do that when it had already taken so long for our first order?  The manager just starred at me with no hint of being attentive.  I asked why she was turning the blame onto us, and she smiled.  This "Manager" actually accused me of being belligerent and talking over her.  The only good thing was the diet coke!  I will never support this establishment nor will I recommend this place.  Too bad because its beautiful!
3	Very close to home, average Mexican food. I wish it was better, we'd come much more often.
3	If you are in the area, Casa De Mina is better than La Casa Blanca.LCB isn't bad... its just not as good as other places. Lots of people were here though, but the food was nothing to brag about.
3	Good family dining outside.
4	My husband and I ate here tonight.  We wanted some place local and he was in the mood for Mexican.  We used to come here fairly regularly but it has been several years since the last time we came.  It looks beautiful outside, they added a covering t the patio and it looks like they painted and spruced up the place.  The inside is nothing special but definitely good enough.  We waited less than 5 minutes to be seated.  We had a good server.  The chips and bean dip are really good.  The food was good too.  It was good enough for my taste.. I am not a gourmet restaurant reviewer so it was fine by my standards.  Since we were out without our kids tonight we were really enjoying just sitting and chatting.  However, we didn't want to linger so after we paid the check we sat outside in the courtyard area under the trees on a bench swing.  It was beautiful and quiet.  Overall, I like this place and would go back again.
3	They server breakfast just on the weekends in the morning. Not to bad. The omelette are big and they server you chip and salsa while you wait for your food. This will be a place for when I need breakfast ASAP and can't wait to drive to 10-I
5	I love the chips and salsa here. The servers here are always prompt and they have great food, big portions for leftovers, and very reasonably priced. We have been here multiple times and will keep giving them our business.
5	Had lunch on the patio with my sister last week.  Pretty, spacious patio, lots of shade so comfortable on that hot afternoon. The service was great and the food delicious.  I had Tacos al Carbon with sirloin - excellent, generous portion.  We also had guacamole with our chips - nice and chunky. The server was very attentive and kept refilling our bowl of chips.  The salsa tasted freshly-made and perfectly seasoned.  Highly recommend!
3	This little pace is tucked away but worth the find. The patio is beautiful and relaxed. Went for a late Saturday lunch. Service was so so and so were the drinks but the food and atmosphere made up for it.  Faves: shrimp tacos and beans.
1	The food was mediocre at best. I ordered the ground beef burrito and the tortilla was extremely dry, as if they had 5 week old flour tortillas in the back waiting to be served to me. I also ordered a Dos Equis and it wasn't cold. Warm beer and dry burritos isn't something that my stomach agrees with. Not to mention, they didn't inform us that the bar was closing, so we couldn't order more drinks. I was not satisfied with the quality of the food. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
5	I'm so glad we discovered this place!!  It's not far from where we live which is a real bonus!  The whole family loved what they got...of course my kids feasted on authentic Mexican chicken fingers and fries (this is their staple no matter where we go).  They cleared their plates (which they NEVER do).  No food wasted!!  Love that!  My husband and I actually ordered Mexican food and boy was it good.  First the chips, salsa, and warm bean dip were wonderful and I had the best strawberry margarita that I have had in a long time (just the right amount of sweetness, but not overbearing).  I ordered the chili rellano dinner and my husband got the shredded chicken chimichanga (enchilada style--with cheese and red sauce over the top).  The chili rellano had a light/fluffy and delicious breading on it and the cheese inside was so good.  The green chili sauce they put on top was unexpected, but definitely delicious.  My husband LOVED his chimichanga!  PLEASE try this place...you won't regret it!
1	Desperately want to like this restaurant since it's in my neighborhood. We have given up on it and tried again and again for years. Food is mediocre and the service (with sporadic exceptions) is terrible. Clearly management does not care or cannot get its act together. Thursday evening it took 20 minutes to get two sodas because they were "out of clean cups." We were still charged for those sodas. There was a good crowd that night but also many employees walking around. They likely needed more direction. None of our visits here have included the manager stopping by the table to ask how our meal was going. I wonder why? Perhaps, there is no one managing this operation.
1	This restaurant is close to my home so it is convenient. I've been coming here for years and service has been up and down but over the last few months the consistent direction has been down. We visited on a Thursday evening (about 5:30) and were seated promptly. Chips and salsa arrived quickly and were very tasty. Both the salsa and the bean dip were spicier than usual (I am a wimp with spicy foods-most people would probably say the spice level is average). After ten minutes passed with no server approaching, I began to worry. When the server arrived, after five minutes later, we ordered drinks and food. I mentioned that I was very thirsty as we had been eating (the now empty chips and salsa). At this point the server left but did not return with our drinks or any waters. We could see her in the restaurant but she would not make eye contact. The busser never refilled the chips and salsa-it was as if we were invisible. Finally, when she was serving the table next to us, I flagged our server down and asked if we could please get our drinks. She said that they were out of glasses! I asked if I could have a drink in a to-go cup or anything else as at this point I was very uncomfortable from the spicy salsa-she laughed and left. A full 30 minutes after we were seated she returned with our drinks! No apology for the wait, no mention of any issues. I asked her if the restaurant was having a problem this evening and she replied that they ran out of rice and cheese. How does a Mexican restaurant run out of rice and cheese??? And what does that have to do with clean cups? The food, when it finally arrived, was decent. Not spectacular but flavorful and well-prepared. Service at this restaurant has been sporadic over the years but after watching several other groups give up and leave their tables before their food arrived we wish we had done the same.  The real kicker came when we got our check with the sodas still on the bill! Sadly, we will not be returning.
5	Had breakfast here twice in the past two weeks...that's how yummy it is. Had the same waitress both times. She was very nice. Had the Chorizo and Egg breakfast minus the rice and add the potatoes. Their breakfast potatoes are super yummy. The second visit we did wait quite some time for our food...but to our surprise they removed a meal from our ticket for the inconvenience without us asking!!!That's what I call 5 star!!! Will make this a regular place to visit. Also can't wait to come back and sit out on the patio one evening!!
1	If there were negative stars I would have done that.Let me first say that we have been here many times and I have even reserved the back room for my wife's birthday. The food has always been decent and service good, but tonight was a completely different experience.We arrived at 6:30 and the place looked busy, but not so busy and we were able to be seated right away. We placed our orders and then we waited...and waited...and waited. an hour later our server came back and let us know that our food would be out "soon". We had our baby with us so at that point we just wanted to get our food and take it to go. But then he disappeared for another 20 minutes and we still had no food. We saw food come out and other tables (that had arrived after us) were being served, but none of our food had come out.When we finally got our food the order was incomplete. I got my food, which I went about boxing so that we could get going (home), but my wife's meal was MIA. I asked for our portion of the check and we waited some more. Another 20 minutes past and my wife's meal finally came, but was incorrect. She ordered corn tortillas and got flour; she has a gluten allergy and I explained that to the server, but he was unapologetic and stated "if she doesn't have celiacs disease then she can just push the food off the wheat tortilla". I told him we won't be doing that and asked him to take the dish back and have it changed to corn. There was further discussion about how "it was fine" and that "I should just take the food"...he finally reluctantly took the food back. We waited some more.At this point my wife and I had had it and we just wanted to leave (without the food) I asked for my credit card back at the front desk (our server had once again disappeared) but the server had the card still. When I finally saw him, he said the food was on it's way. I told him we wanted none of it and we just wanted my card back so that we could go home. I asked if he had charged the card and he said "no".When I got home, low and behold there was a hold charge for la Casa Blanca.Needless to say we will never be back. I'm not sure what happened to this place, but no one apologized once, not even the manager.My advice, avoid like the plague, especially on busy nights.
1	If it was possible, I would give this place ZERO stars, actually negative stars. My family had hands down the WORST service experience here we have ever had at any restaurant in AZ. The sad part is we had been coming to this place for several years now, and even had my 30th Birthday party with family and friends here last year. We have noticed the both the quality of the food and quality of the service has been severely declining recently. However, tonight's debacle takes the cake for all time worst experience ever. Here's what happened... We arrive at 6:15 and get a table for 5 plus a highchair. We are seated within less than 5 minutes. Server arrives (Sean) soon after we sit down and gets water for the table. We had to wait a while for him to take our order because he disappeared for a bit... maybe waited 15 min for him to come back. Here is where things really start to go south... so we are waiting, and waiting, and waiting... at about 6:50 he comes out and says our food should arrive shortly. Then 7:00 rolls around, still no food. Then the table next to us (about 6-8 people I think) that arrived a good 30 minutes or so AFTER us gets their food. Then another table that arrives after us gets their food too... then a table of 4 that arrived literally 15 minutes ago, gets their food. Now we are thinking something is wrong with this picture.  So we ask for our server, he is no where to be found. So we wait... and wait... and wait... AGAIN. When he does show up, we ask for our food to-go because we have been waiting over an hour at this point (it was 7:20pm) and we had no food and had to go because our baby was getting fussy. He takes my husbands credit card to charge us for our food and says he will bring it right back... 10 minutes later... STILL NO FOOD and no server to be found, which means my husbands card has gone missing. In this time frame I had gone to the front to speak with the Manager with my Mom to let her know what happened and to see if they could locate our server, food and most importantly our credit card. The manager, the sorry excuse for a manager that is, arrives and is downright rude. She never apologizes and only says "we are really swamped" as I look around at half full rooms of people and say "are you serious?". We have been waiting well over an HOUR, all of the tables around us have food, the people that arrived 15 minutes ago next to us have their food. We want to leave and we want our card now. She disappears in the back and never returns. Meanwhile in the dining room... my food arrives (at 7:45pm) and guess what... they put it on FLOUR tortillas, even though I specifically asked for corn and said I cannot have flour because of a gluten intolerance. My husband noticed the mistake and asked the waiter "are these flour? My wife can't have flour, we told you that." and the waiter (Sean) says "well yes, but she can just scrape the food off and eat it without the tortilla." WHAT!?!? You have to be kidding me!?!? So someone with an allergy should just "scrape food off" to eat it?? This is literally no joke... the guy actually said "scrape it off, she will be fine" We then say, we are leaving please give our card back... and the waiter said he didn't charge it. We get home and check our account... guess what?? THEY CHARGED THE CARD!!! For food that arrived over an hour late, was cold, the wrong thing, and most of all this waiter was so ignorant to suggest "scraping it off to eat it". The ignorance and lack of any fiber of customer service or common sense is baffling. Save yourself the hassle and go to a different place where the wait staff is helpful, and the food is much better... or even arrives at your table.
5	BY FAR... my favorite Mexican restaurant to eat at. My sisters and I absolutely LOVE the bean dip that is served with chips and salsa, and when I brought my boyfriend here for the first time, he asked if he could bring a tub of their salsa home because it was one of the best salsas he's ever tasted. I brought two of my other friends here just the other day and they ordered the House Quesidilla and said it was sooo delicious. But my all time favorites are the mini chimis (with a side of rice) and the Pollo Fundido. To keep it short sweet and to the point, anytime I'm craving good mexican food...I think La Casa Blanca!!
4	Free bean dip and salsa! The chips are hot and fresh. The portions are large so splitting helps to save money. I loved the mango margarita and the ambiance is fun. Great location!
1	Let me preface this by saying we have been coming here for 9 years, and after tonight we will NEVER come back. Let's start...Arrival- there were a few people waiting when we got here, put our name in and were told about 10 minutes.  After 30 minutes of waiting, a party that arrived after us, and was a larger party, was seated. I went to ask the hostess how much longer we would be waiting and she said we were next. I pointed out that the people that arrived after us had been seated and the "manager" said "yeah, if a smaller party is waiting we sometimes seat them first." I said, we have 4, they have 5. Her response was "oh, well they were probably here before you, you just didn't see them." Nope.Seated- finally get a table and there are waitstaff everywhere but no one is approaching us. At this time a party that arrived 15 minutes after is is seated next to us and is immediately approached for drink orders and given chips and salsa. We still have not even been greeted. At this point we realize why, the waiter that has been visiting with the party at the table next to us, we could hear him address them as "mom" and they are obviously family, comes over to take our drink order and leaves.  He returns and leaves our drinks. It's another 10 minutes before he takes our order. After he leaves again, we flag him down as we still do not even have chips and salsa.  Meanwhile our server is leaning on the host table chatting with hostesses and other waiters. We had to get his attention for refills after drinks were empty a while.Food- well a bug was flying around and landed on my half eaten food, what I had was good, not great. My husband had carne asada and it was chewy, and burnt so bad the edges of the steak were curling up.We will never be back, and I know we are not the only ones. So sad because this was one of our favorites.
2	My palate would say this place is mediocre at best. My digestive tract would declare, "stay away!" Yuck. I was a patron here one time...and I believe it will stay that way.
3	You will always have a great meal here because you start off with their chips and bean dip.  I also love their Pollo Fundido.  Everything that I have had on the menu has been great.  Their only problem is sometimes their service is not the greatest.  When they get busy it is pretty difficult to get drink refills and orders from the bar.  I was pretty bummed out that I had to eat most of my meal without a cold beer.They also have a great outdoor patio and on some night have a DJ and music.  This really is a great place to dine.  With a few improvements, this place would really be excellent!
2	Place was ok, haven't been back in forever, kinda of nice its not in a strip mall, so location is a plus.Salsa and food was average.
5	Good Food, great service...Will come back a lot!!
2	I used to live right down the street from La Casa Blanca and my wife and I used to visit once a week but that was 3 years ago. We moved to Gilbert and didn't visit until tonight. Walking in on a Friday night in the past you had to wait but now none of the tables in the front room had customers only the booths were used and the back room didn't have anything going on. I read the past reviews and I was stunned because it used to be a 4 star eats. But now I didn't believe it was possible to have food there without flavor and how do you make Mexican food bland? Is it even possible? But yes it is possible but man they did a great job and the wait staff was just blah. They could not care if we were there if we there. They were not rude just not engaged at all. I'm very sad at what happened to this place. I don't know if it changed owners or management but we won't be returning. Good Luck out there.
2	Just had Father's Day lunch here. Enjoyed the food but not great service. Our server rarely came over. I was thirsty for more water 90% of the meal. Needed more salsa and had to ask someone else because our server was nowhere to be found. I get it when things are busy you cannot be everywhere but she didn't even acknowledge that we were clearly being neglected. That was my first time so could have been random bad experience.
5	I loved this restaurant. From the ambiance to the menu to the food and especially the check -- huevos ranchero and coffee under $9 -- it was all great. I'll be back.
2	The chips and bean dip are the best things going for this place. The food is mediocre at best. They got busted for employing illegals and closed down for a while. Have it one more shot after it re-opened and still not the best. Rice is very dry and the food is missing the mark. Sad as it's close to home.
4	solid old school, fSonoran desert Mexican food!  Love the patio, love the neighborhood feel and tasty comfort food. Their beans are great/made from scratch - fresh. one of the best red chili chimis in the Valley, easy.
1	What a rip off!  Ordered Margarita and they scammed me for premium tequila and when approached...they said too bad you drank it you pay for it!    Too bad restaurants have to price gouge to make their numbers.   I won't be back.
1	My family and I have been coming here for years and have witnessed a steady decline in service and quality of food, but after our most recent experience we WILL NOT be coming back.  Two words...food poisoning!!!
