4	Great "Chicago" style pizza.  There is one in Tempe, that pretty much only serves pizza and one in N. Scottsdale (FLW).  Spinach calzones are outstanding.  Tempe is a good place to go for lunch...not really a good first date place.  Just a plain simple place to get a good bite to eat.  Near Mill so that is a plus, if you are down there for an event.  They have some funny hours so call before you go.
4	Best pizza in Tempe.  They serve Chicago style pizza (similar to Rosati's, but way better), calzones, and sandwiches.  Their sauce is bright red and sweet.  This location is kind of hidden in a industrial building on Smith  Rd. near the Tempe Marketplace.  The dining area is pretty small and gets packed on weekends.  I usually get take-out. The calzones are good too.    Sucks that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays.  Their other locations are open on Sundays.
5	Best Pizza in the East Valley.Chicago style pizza with a unique sweet sauce. A must try. You will be addicted after the first bite. If you're looking to eat at home, you can either take a cooked pizza home, or they'll make the pizza for you to take it home and cook there.Seating can be an issue during rush hours. Can be cramped at times. It's a small shop in an industrial park and they have found some creative ways to do seating. Can be hard to find but if you're on the right street, keep looking, you'll get there.
5	The first time a friend took me to Spinatos, i thought she was taking me to a chop shop.  Sadly, she couldn't find the place, and neither could I.  I went back to look for this mythical spot, and was surprised to find the BEST pizza in Phoenix.  Yes, I said best.  A bit greasy, and it usually leads to a stomach ache afterward, but still #1 in my book.The best sauce, the best cheese, the best crust.  Even the Garlic Knots are to die for.I love that this place is quaint, and hidden.  And I love that it's not so popular that you have to wait to claim one of the 4-5 tables that are in there...Don't ever leave this location.  I think something about the ambiance makes it a better pizza than their other locations.Thumbs UPOne request though... try to change your hours to be open 7days a week.
5	Wow, we've been missing out, should've tried this a lot sooner. Our NYE at home featured pizza and tiki drinks. My bf called for take-out (I figured it would be at least an hour wait), and they told him 20 minutes, nice! It wasn't hard to find, though definitely not in a well-traveled area. Actually, had it been across Rio Salado in the Tempe Marketplace, we would not have tried it, because I HATE HATE HATE Tempe Marketplace, but that's another story. We got the thin crust option with italian sausage, mushrooms and olives. So good!! like other reviewers said, the sauce is unbelievable. I wish I knew their secret. What a great find in our (relative) neighborhood. I can't wait to try Spinato's again.
4	Yay I'm glad we found this place.  I would have given five stars, but i've only tried them once. Very fast take-out time and excellent pizza.  We ordered a large with italian sausage, mushrooms, and black olives.  Spinato's did not disappoint--the pizza was not greasy, just really good.  It's a little bit out of the way in an industrial park of Tempe, but don't let that scare you away.  I'm looking forward to eating some more of Spinato's creations.
5	Yes, this place is impressive. Chicago style thin pizza (no deep dish) that is very, very good. Crispy and chewy crust, great sausage, sliced into squares. Best pizza I've had in awhile.As a fan of Chicago pizza (my in-laws are from the Windy City) I always stick with limited toppings, one of which must be sausage. This time out, we did sausage and spinach, and it was awesome. The spinach is "mama's recipe," where there's a secret ingredient. (The secret ingredient is garlic. Lots of garlic - and that's a good thing.)This place is tucked away into an industrial park, so it can be hard to find. It's also rather small, and can get quite crowded. Expect a wait during busy periods. It's also BYOB.
5	If you are a pizza freak... this is the place. The wait is always long I am sure, but the drive and the wait are worth it. The crust has a sweet tinge to it and the "super 6" is definitely the way to go... although, I saw the garlic bread and it looked good too.
4	Spinato's is a sweet, garlicy, gem hidden in an industrial park near Tempe Marketplace and apparently it's been surviving back there for a couple of decades. I am convinced that this is the best pizza in Tempe, perhaps the whole valley. Their pizzas are thin-crust and sliced in a grid, which means you end up eating about 10 little slices! Their homemade sauce is amazing and sweet and their toppings are fresh and come in an endless variety. Try the Grandma's if you like garlic and their spinach is always pretty tasty when paired with red peppers. The ambiance (if you can call it that) is pretty hilarious...very Long Island...think plastic flowers. If the main rooms fill up, they'll seat you in what definitely used to be a warehouse, still decked out with charming cinderblocks and all. It's also BYOB (my favorite!). They do have weird hours though. I think they close at 8 or 9pm, so give them a call first and get good directions.
5	Their spaghetti calzone is the best calzone I have ever had. Their signature spinach-tomato-garlic pizza is not my fav. pizza though. I like their spicy italian pizza with easy onions. Their sauce is very sweet, but it really is addicting! Get the thick crust, I think it is way better than their thin.
5	Whoa, my friend insisted we order this for our study night pizza that we ate at home amongst the books, AMAZING!We ordered the signature pizza and garlic bread so so so good.  Yeah it was a little pricey for a pizza, but it is worth every penny.They delivered for us, is that standard?  We live right down the street from the Tempe one.Again I haven't been knocked off my feet with pizza in a quite awhie, I agree with the review below that it is a distinct taste and if it's for you, you're going to melt...
5	The best pizza this side of the Mississippi!
2	When I walked in the door and saw that the Pizza Oven was one of those conveyor belt ovens I should have gone with my gut feeling and walked away. A real Chicago Pizza is made in an oven with a stone shelf and you need either a pan or peel to get it in and out of the oven.The hype on the website talks about how the owners wanted to bring Chicago pizza to Phoenix. I have never had Pizza like this in Chicago. Was it better than Pizza Hut or Barro's? Yes. Was it better than Oregano's or Rosati's. No!We first ordered an Anti-Pasto Salad with mixed greens. It was a bed of lettuce and spinach with some Italian Meats and Cheeses. Lots of sliced Green and Black Olives and a couple of Peperoncini. Not impressed. Oregano's wins this one hands down.The pizza. We ordered a Peperoni, Mushroom and Black Olive Pizza.The most notable thing was that the sauce was very sweet, too sweet. Now I've had a sweet sauce ad liked it but this one was overpowering. I prefer a more tart sauce with a more oregano and basil flavor with some spice.The cheese was good but the mushrooms were canned. The crust was more like a biscuit dough and it was more buttery and flaky than crispy.If you want a Thin Crust Chicago Pizza with a slightly sweet sauce I would recommend Johnie"s Chicago Pizza on Cave Creek.  Spinato's has Coke and Johnie's has Pepsi and I would go to Johnie's anytime even though he has Pepsi. To say the least I was very disappointed with Spinato's when there is an Oregano's less than 3 miles away.One other thing. I ordered my son a Kids Pizza, Drink Dessert and instead of giving me the Kids price they charged me the separate price because they did not see me order it off the kids menu. I asked WTF and they did adjust it when I complained.To give you an idea of the Chicago Pizza I like for those of you from Chicago to rate my taste here they are. Lou Malnati's or Original Due's Barnaby's. Village Inn, Home Run Inn. Edwardo's, Bacino's. Gigo's Evanston. In Chicago Rosati's would barely make my list but in Phoenix it's near the top, only second to Oregano's. I do not like anybody's Pan Pizza in Phoenix.I did forget one thing that was actually very good. The Gelato that came with my son's meal. It was really good. Really good. Not good enough to go back and eat the pizza for though. I have been told the Italian Beef is really good. The same person who told me the pizza was good is the person who said that so I'm not really sure if I want to chance it. What do you think?
5	Hands down the best pizza in town.  They have 4 locations.  1 in Tempe which used to be the best because it allowed you to bring in your own alcohol but that is no longer.  2 in phoenix which are great and 1 in NE scottsdale.  The pizza is to die for with a thin crust and a semi sweet sauce.  They do offer a thick (sicilian crust) but the thin is best.  The sauce is sweet but not to sweet and the toppings are fresh and plentiful.  I personally love the hawaiian with italian sausage or the italian sausage with mushroom and onion.  The service is good and  you feel right at home.  Dont forget to get the cheese bread with marinara....It's to die for.  All 4 restaurants are family owned and you can tell by the taste, quality and experience you have each and every time.  The Best.
5	I have been wanting to try this place for years and I'm sorry I hadn't sooner!  The 3 of us split the atipasto salad, which was amazing, along with a L'Italiana pizza.  The pizza was marinated spinach, cheese, and roasted red pepper in a great red sauce.  We added jalepenos.  I'm already looking forward to my next visit!
2	i am just not a fan of this kind of pizza. i hate the sweet sauce, i hate that the ingredients are under the cheese so they don't get crunchy and crispy, the pepperoni is floppy. just not for me. the crust was kinda gooey like. my delivery was 30 minutes late but its ok bc i wasn't in a hurry. they were really nice i just can't stand this kind of pizza. if you like the sweet sauce and toppings under the cheese then go for it bc you'll probably love it!
5	Mama Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach Pizza is one of the most perfect meals you can find in the Valley.Spinato's sauce is really what hits the spot. It's slightly sweet. The fresh garlic on this pizza catches you by surprise and keeps you coming back for more.If I could give Spinato's an extra star, I would. And it would be for the following: If you eat in the restaurant, the pizzas are served on top of a cooling rack, on top of a pizza pan. This ensures proper air circulation to the crust. By the time you get to that last slice of pizza (and trust me, there will be no leftovers to speak of) the crust still holds up to the pile of fresh spinach which sits atop it!I know it's in a seemingly bland industrial park, but I promise you that there is nothing bland about the food. This will be a family favorite for as long as it exists.
4	LOVE the pizza here. It reminds me of being that fat little kid who loves pepperoni pizza, you know the one.. he's got pizza sauce all over his face and doesnt care what anyone else thinks! Now that I'm a fat little man, I still get the same pleasure out of the pizza at Spinato's, you know the pleasure.. you've got pizza sauce all over your face and you don't care what anyone else thinks!
5	Best sauce on a pizza I have ever tasted.  There sandwiches are to die for....
5	Ok, If you love pizza you gotta go to Spinato's !! I first tried their pizza at the Taste Of Tempe last spring and ya maybe I was really boozed up on cider beer but with free food everywhere I continued to find myself over at the Spinato area the majority of the time. Their pizza is orgasmic, and that's not a word I throw around often.However, a few downers, one they are still doing construction work in the restaurant in Tempe but get over it, the pizza makes up for the way it looks! Second downer, they don't have their liquor license yet, but grab a 12-pack and drink  in your car while you wait for a table... because trust me, their always busy and you'll be waiting.
4	I found out about Spinato's after learning that they serve gluten-free pizzas!  I have tried several other places, and so far Spinato's ranks high on my list!  I am dairy-free, soy-free, egg-free, and gluten-free, as well as, poultry and beef-free, so finding a place that could accommodate my diet is sometimes hard to find!  However, Spinato's definitely took care of me!  I had the Traditional Vegetarian gluten-free pizza and it was awesome.  I arrived early on a Friday night before the crowds started rolling in, and my waitress was awesome.  She actually tried the gluten-free pizza and was able to offer some commentary.  Anyways, the pizza was  very flavorful, so much so that I could not stop eating it!  The golden brown, thin and crispy crust topped with a variety of sweet peppers, mushrooms and onions definitely makes this pizza a hit!  So, if you are looking for a family-friendly environment with great customer service, and gluten-free options, consider Spinato's Pizzeria and submit to "The Spinato Experience".
3	Ech!  Why do so many people rave about this place?!  It's just OK.  Not horrible, but slightly above average.  if you like very sweet tomato sauce on your pizza then you may like Spinatos.  I wanted to like this pizza, in fact I've ordered it twice just to be sure I wasn't crazy.  I love Chicago style pizza, but I also love any thin crust pizza, including NY style... basically I just love pizza, so I'm not biased in anyway.  I just think the sauce is very strange tasting!  I've heard the meatball sub is good, but I'm just not diggin' the tomato sauce.  The first piece may be OK, but the sauce and it's odd sweetness really loses me.
5	Simply the best pizza I have ever tasted. It's all about their pizza sauce. It is amazing and it doesn't get any better than this. Granted the restaurant has been under construction for what seems like an eternity and it looks more like an old abandoned warehouse rather than a restaurant, however, their pizza is unlike anything I have ever tasted.   Yum!
4	I have been searching far and wide for a decent pizza/salad place I could get to on my lunch break for, oh, two years now. Fuck decent, this shit is delicious!!Thanks to the lovely Sunny B.'s review on the Spinato's in Central Phoenix, I decided to do a little digging and see if they had one anywhere near Tempe. And that is when I found this total hole-in-the-wall little shack of heaven a block away from Tempe Marketplace.I know we've all been taught not to judge a book my its cover, so seriously, do not let the meager building scare you away as there is a serious gem hidden inside.Chicago style thin crust pizza, oven baked to a perfect crisp. Heavy on the tomato sauce just like I like it, and a heaping house salad served almost immediately after ordering it. And they also have a bunch of gluten-free options for you unlucky Celiac sufferers out there.I am in love. I will certainly be back. After they get their liquor license, I might never leave.
5	Terrific pizza for over 20 years from a really nice Chicago family. For those of you from the Windy City, think Home Run Inn (the original S. Side location).  The crust is they key...it's perfect -- thin and almost pastry-like. This crust and other fresh ingredients more than offset the slightly too sweet sauce and use of canned mushrooms.  One of the top 5 pizzas in the valley!
5	Probably the best pizza in Tempe.  Place is small and hidden but a true find.  The staff is friendly too with great service.  The food taste much better when it is dine in...for some reason takeout doesn't taste the same...
5	Don't even know how to begin... Chicago style pizza here AMAZING!! Hands down the best Chicago style pizza in the valley!! Im willing to say the best pizza west of illinois seriously!! Tastey and hearty subs but if ur a spinatos virgin u best b ordering the chicago because it will leaving u wanting more!!
4	Great Calzones, good pizza selections.  Their ambience is nothing to shout about if you are eating there.  But I am more concerned about taste so its fine, we sat in their back area when they had renovations once.  Its like U are seated on the other side of the false wall partitions and you see the cement floor, overhead wirings, wirings and pipes in the wall.  But hey, the food is all that matters, and they have decent servers who try hard to take good care of you.Prices are also very decent due to their location being in the middle of an entire office and warehouse building zone.  My old office was just next door and my mechanic is in the same complex.  They get busy at lunch time with a lot of pick up orders and walk in for lunch from the nearby businesses.If you are in the Tempe Marketplace area and need a good pizza and you have been to Slices over there and wanna try something different, this is the place.
3	Where did this place come from?  It's in a strange location but it's a small, neat space.  On a Friday evening at 6:30pm our group of 6 was able to be seated no problem.  Having never been here before, our group was ready for a beer.  Say what?!?!  No alcohol?!?!  What's pizza without a cold beer?  Anyway.  I started with the garlic bread sticks and the house salad with spinach.  Both were above average and delicious!  I was practically licking the bottom of the salad bowl and my husband definitely stole a 3rd bread stick.  On to the pizza.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to read the trusted Yelp reviews prior and was therefore surprised by the somewhat sweet sauce.  It was okay....but I'm not a fan.  The "Lil" Sicilian cheese pizza I got was the perfect size (I did have a salad and bread sticks prior thought!).  Service was good - no complaints.  I think they deliver - so maybe next time we're at Sleepy Dog brewery we can call them up and enjoy some pizza with our beer!
4	Pineapple and pepperoni with extra sauce. I know it sounds weird, but it's a great combination at Spinato's. The sauce is boss, and I can't get over how perfectly chewy and crisp the crust is.While at Spinato's, I was treated to a display of the restaurant's outstanding service. A table of business diners were upset because one had asked for cheese after receiving a calzone and didn't realize that meant making a whole new calzone. Instead of appreciating the lengths Spinato's will go to provide a fresh, delicious meal, she shrieked, "Can't you just throw some cheese on top?" And her pal was mad because he asked for sweet peppers and then ate his sandwich before the peppers arrived. To the servers' credit, they comped a few items, boxed what couldn't be waited for and apologized profusely. I wouldn't have handled it so well.So, for me, Spinato's doesn't compare with Pino's, but we're talking a different style of pizza. I certainly will be back when in Arizona.
4	I shared a large Signature Spinach pizza with 3 friends, we were pretty satisfied with the pizza. We tend to be pretty picky and fussy about our pizza becuase were all from NYC and NJ. the crust was a little doughy i prefer it to be more crispy. The flavors from the spinach and garlic really stand out and make for a very tasty pizza. I will definitely be ordering from here again!
5	As my friend Randy C. would say, this place is bomb.com/calzone.ricottacheeseRandy was visiting from Seattle, and he wanted to his up some local food so a group of 6 of us went to Spinato's for dinner. There was a wait when the first of us got there, but by the time our whole party arrived, we were ready to be seated. This was my first visit in a while, post-renovation, and I'm glad to see that they opened up the place a bit. I have to agree about the bummer of no alcohol, but whatever. We ordered a few apps, I got a garlic bread without cheese (was not in a cheesy bread mood, no big deal), and when it came out with cheese our server brought us out another plate with no cheese I was stoked :)A few of us got the stuffed spaghetti calzone. I got a small and it was huge. Ate half, took the other half home. It was also BOMB. So good. Everyone else was pleased with their meals. Will def return
5	I discovered good ole' Spinato's a few years back and I completely fell in love!  I usually opt to have the "oh so delicious" Baked Spaghetti Calzone.  I only get the petite size because that alone is HUGE.  It is cooked to perfection with a sweet tasting Italian sauce.  This is one place, I usually like to introduce to people!  I've got to spread the word on the great mom and pop food places!
5	Went back about two weeks ago to send off a friend. This place is orgasmic. We shared the homemade sausage pizza and a small spaghetti calzone. On my dying bed I would ask for a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta.
5	I wouldn't call this the best pizza ever, but it is very very good.  I've been hearing a bunch of buzz about this place so naturally I needed to give it a shot.  I'm not a big fan of the "sweet" sauce people on Yelp talk about but I'm down for anything.My wife and I went for an early dinner Friday.  The location of this place is a bit different and we had trouble finding it.  It is in an office building type thing and it is pretty genius how they did it.  We had a little trouble finding it but the cars parked up and down the side of the road was a good indication that we were close.  It is a no-frills place but is actually pretty homey and not cold and stark as you think it would be.  We got there about 6ish and it was already pretty busy.  There were only 1 or 2 free tables.  We were seated promptly and the service was top-notch the entire time.The pizza:My wife and I split a small pizza.  It was half the Signature and half of the homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni (both thin crust).  It was more than enough for 2 people.  The crust is almost perfect, not overly sauced, and plentiful cheese and toppings.  It really is some great pizza.  But yeah, I'm not really a fan of the sweet sauce.* Signature Fresh Spinach = pretty good.  I'm not really a fan of those toppings but I've heard rave review about the pie so I need to get it.  I'm not sure I would order it again but I'm glad I tried it.* Homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni.  This was excellent pizza!  My wife thought it was a bit oily but its friggin pizza and that's how it should be.  The sausage and peperoni were both delish.* Margherita = we ordered a lil one of these.  I thought it was very good but my wife loved loved loved it.  The crust was light and airy and the toppings/cheese weren't overkill.* Mama's Antipasto Salad = eh..ok.  I wouldn't order it again.  Nothing special.  They need a Caesar on the menu.Anyway, the place is great.  When I feel the need to get carbed out I will return.  I just have to remember to get there early because by 7ish there is a line out the door.  I also wouldn't mind doing delivery and/or their take-and-bake pizza.
5	It seems that every which way you turn these days there are more and more gluten free pizza options showing up around the valley. Pizza joints around Phoenix have all gotten on the bandwagon since they see how big a demand there is for gluten free pizza in Arizona and how our little community votes heavily with our dollars - even in our current economic climate. Will I pay $15 bucks for a good gluten free pizza? You betcha!Spinato's was recommended to me by my co-worker as the best place for pizza in Phoenix. That was a pretty bold statement to make since there are so many good pizza places in town, and boy, Gary was right. I was blown away by Spinato's.First of all, the pizzeria is tucked away in a business park behind Tempe Marketplace and unless you know someone "in the know" you'd probably never stumble upon it yourself. This place is no frills - block walls, old concrete floors, and simple table setups, but the food is far from simple. It's fresh, cooked to order, and the service was fantastic.They have an entire menu devoted to gluten free item's, so there's no guesswork involved with ingredients or which combo's you can eta, etc..... I had the "Nicole's Favorite" pizza, which is Gluten Free Creations Signature crust, topped generously with slices of Genoa salami, artichoke hearts, onions, and lightly sprinkled with mozzarella cheese. It was perfecto!Now, let's talk about the sauce. I think their pizza sauce may actually be the best pizza sauce I've ever had. It was slightly sweet with loads of fresh tomato flavor, and perfectly seasoned. Each bite was a perfect balance and I had to refrain from eating the whole darn pizza so I didn't look like a total pig to my new co-workers. I politely took half home and then devoured the rest at 4:00 as a late afternoon lunch.  "Nicole's Favorite" is now "Jessica's Favorite! Well done Spinato's!
4	Excellent pizza although the sauce is a little sweet for my tastes but a crappy website. I live less than 1/4 mile from the tempe location but their website says I am not in there delivery area. However when I call the store I am able to get delivery just fine. Let's hope they get a website that works well soon....
5	Spinato's is the best pizza in Tempe - no question. I've been stuffing my face with their yummy pizza for a few years now and I'm never disappointed.Spinato's is a no frills, awesome food kinda place. You don't go here for the atmosphere, you go to fill your belly.Here are a few of my fav menu items: Normally I don't really care for cooked spinach but their signature spinach pizza is fantastic. It's loaded with spinach and garlic so not the best choice if you're on a date. I recommend adding sausage to it as well to kick it up a level. So good. Speaking of spinach, last time I was there my friends and I got the spinach with extra sauce. I was hesitant because, like the cooked spinach, I don't like a ton of sauce on my pizza (apparently I'm picky). But just like the cooked spinach, Spinato's made extra pizza sauce extra awesome. They drizzle it on top of the cheese instead of just adding to the sauce underneath  to give the pizza an extra ounce of sweetness. And then there is the best thing on the menu - the spaghetti calzone. It's  a full spaghetti dinner wrapped into a bundle of dough. Get it with the meatballs and the ricotta cheese. I mean if you're gonna order a spaghetti calzone, you gotta go all in right? Right. The staff here is always really friendly. It's rare to get the same server more than once at places around here but at Spinato's their staff is consistent. And they remember us when we go in. It's nice to be acknowledged for being a regular. Kinda makes me think it might be time to visit them again...
5	What the %$#@ just happened???  You have to try the "Mama Spinatos signature fresh spinach pizza!!!   Fresh spinach, tomatoes, and a handful of fresh garlic,  It was like a flavor bomb hit my pie hole!  This pizza is so good you can't put it down 'til your lying fetal position on the couch because you ate so much.  This is chicago thin crust at its finest.  I eat pizza, its what I do and this place has great thin crust.  Do yourself a favor and order a take-out, trust me.I wish i could comment on the rest of the food.  The pizza is so good I can't seem to try anything else.Edit: The pizza here puts Oregano's to shame.
5	I have to agree with others, Mama Spinato's signature fresh spinach pizza is the bomb and everyone needs to get one.  I would only recommend one thing: add chicken.  The pizza lacks meat, and although I haven't tried the addition, yet, I can't wait to go again before I leave Phoenix.  This place is awesome and I can't promote it enough.It's a hole-in-the-wall joint in the middle of some industrial buildings right across from Tempe Towne Center.  You need this pizza.
5	By Far the best Pizza in Phoenix (excluding Bianca's). Cheap, easy, and amazing sauce.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
4	I'm not usually a fan of Chicago-style pizzas.  However, Spinato's was definitely different from any that I've tried, and the crust is quite tasty, the cheese high quality, and the sauce pretty good too -- if a bit unique.  For my office, I ordered a sausage pizza, along with a cheese and a veggie (mushroom, onion, pepper); all were fantastic.  I then took home the leftovers and made it an all-pizza kind of day.  Definitely the best takeout I've had in quite a while, but I think the sweetness of the sauce might get old over time.
4	I'm giving this place one more star than I normally would because I feel like I'm reviewing it for Husband and I.I like Spinato's pretty okay.Husband? Yeah, he freaking LOVES Spinato's.The pizza is nice and thin crust, and while the last time I was there it was being renovated, the decor is nice and casual. We usually get take out, and the pizza is just as good the next day.What makes Spinato's unique, is the pizza sauce. It's really sweet - and not "your teeth will fall out" sweet, but there's a slight sweetness that adds another dimension to the pie.It's definitely worth a trip!
3	It's a home alone Sunday night, and I'm in the mood for something better than what's left in my fridge while I watch football and clean out the DVR. I read a lot of good things about Spinato's, so I figured why not. I checked out the menu online. While I was happy to see they have online ordering, I was disappointed to discover that at 2.33 miles away, I could only pick up my order. I decided to go ahead and make a pick up order anyway. I will say that Spinato's web site is great to order from. It offers up several options about what you can add to the pizza and how you want them to bake it. I went ahead and went with a lil' "signature" fresh spinach, and an order of garlic bread. The garlic bread was a big disappointment. It tasted no different than something you'd pick up and toast at any grocery store. The pizza was pretty good, but not worth driving out to pick up. I'm also not a big fan of the sweet sauce. I'd be willing to give Spinato's another try if I were going to eat out. But if I'm going for take out, there's a few better options in the South Scottdales/North Tempe area.
4	I go this Spinato's frequently for lunch.  The pie is always fresh, therefore it takes a little time.  I like their sausage.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  I would go more often, but I always over eat!  I've never had their thick crust, but their thin is very good.
5	I've never been to the actual restaurant but I got delivery from here one night. I tried their specialty "Mama Spinato's" signature spinach pizza because I like trying whatever the "house specialty" is when I go to a new place. I was not disappointed. Another reviewer mentioned that the sauce is somewhat sweet and I'd agree with that. But it's not unpleasant, in fact I think I like it better than sauces I've had at other pizza places because of that.The ingrediants definitely tasted fresh and were perfectly blended. As for the delivery service, it arrived hot and perfect so no complaints there. I've heard other reviewers say that this is the must-try pizza in the Valley and I can't say I disagree.
2	The service was great!  However the atmosphere lacked, mainly because there were no TVs or music playing.  The pizza was ok.  The sauce was way too sweet for my taste.  I couldn't taste the 5 toppings on my pizza it was so over powering.  The crust was thick and delicious.  Overall I had a decent experience, but I probably won't come again
4	Took the kids there last night (10-21-10).We enjoyed the food.  I had the "Chicago" pizza which had red and green bell peppers, onions, sausage.  It was very good.  I just now had the leftovers for breakfast this morning.  My daughter had the Spaghetti Calzone, and was not overwhelmed by the taste, really.  She picked at it, but said it was good - just not "blow her socks off" good.There is all this talk by Yelp reviewers of the "sweetness" of the sauce at Spinatos, and they are correct - the sauce has a MILDLY sweet flavor.  It's not overwhelmingly sugary sweet at all.  After all the comments, I expected it to taste like tomato candy.  But it was just sorta sweet-ISH.  Some people talk about how "sweet" the sauce at Papa John's is, and I have never really noticed that sweetness.  Although I did notice the Spinatos sweetness, it did not negatively affect the taste of the pizza AT ALL.The pizza was better for breakfast than it was for dinner last night.  :)One other major plus:  The "Italian Bread and Butter" that is on the appetizer menu for $1.89 if worth every penny, and more.  Very fresh bread, baked daily by a local bakery, good hard brown crust, and plenty of cold tub butter to spread on it.  It was excellent.All in all, Spinatos is indeed one of the best pizzas I have had in Phoenix - definitely in the Top Five.
5	Hands down best Spinach Calzones I've ever eaten!!!  A family owned business that gets REALLY PACKED!  Make sure if you are there you are prepared to wait sometimes because it is almost always busy the food is so good!
3	Schedule your dentist appointment now, their sauce is sweet!!!  I have had sweet sauces before, but this one takes the cake!!! Not that it was bad tasting, but I personally think that they could reduce the sweetness and bring out some of the other flavors of the sauce.  I had the spaghetti and meatball calzone and the ingredients were delicious, but the sweet sauce seemed to over power some of the flavor.  My dining partner had the spinach special pizza and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  We also had the bruschetta and the bread was perfectly toasted and the tomatoes, basil, and peppers were great!!!I am not the biggest fan of the sweet sauce, but If you can get by it, I recommend that you check it out.
5	Best pizza I found so far in tempe. A little pricey but you get your money worth. I like the mamma's spinach CALZONE. The mamma's spinach pizza wasnt as good. Be prepared for some garlic though! You may want to ask w/o garlic if you dont like it ;-) ... overall really really good!
5	This place is absolutely fabulous, for many reasons.  First and foremost, the food.  I ordered two large pizzas to go (cheese and vegetarian).  Both were absolutely delicious!  The crust is thin and light, the cheese melts in your mouth, the sauce ultra flavorful, and the veggies were fresh and cooked to perfection.  It was a definite hit with everyone.The location is a bit hidden (it's in an industrial neighborhood), but still very convenient as it is right across the street from Tempe Marketplace.  The interior was charming, with brick walls and small tables - reminescint of what I envision a small pizza parlor in Italy to look and feel like.Although the prices are higher than you would find at a Dominos or Pizza Hut, so is the quality of the food - therefore, worth the extra few bucks.Finally, the staff was amazing.  I had approached the manager for a small food donation for a local charity, and he went above and beyond to provide us with ample food for all involved and made our charity experience that much more memorable.Overall, this place is definitely worth a stop (or two, or three)!
5	The Best Pizza in Town!!!! Simply put. All of my friends and I love this place. The food is just really delicious. You can't go wrong with the big six pizza. They don't serve alcohol though and that is probably the only thing missing from this great restaurant.
5	This is the best pizza I've ever had. Just had it for the first time and can't stop eating it. This is what my friend brought home:L'Italiana................................................... 7.50 | 12.25 | 17.50 | 22.00Fresh baby spinach carefully marinated in Mamma Spinato's 'Secret Seasonings', then baked with fire roasted red peppers and a blend of feta and mozzarella cheese! Our award winner!This pizza is phenomenal. He added meatball and ricotta. I can't wait to order from here again!
1	Have you ever watched the turkey dinner scene in National Lampoons Christmas Vacation? I had to melt down every bite of that pizza with water before swallowing it. If I wasn't so hungry I would have thrown it away and gone out to eat... It tasted like cardboard... I should have known it was bad pizza the second the guy I ordered it from said we're all out of 11" pizzas. Right then and there was my clue that they don't even make their own dough. A pre-Made frozen pie shell is what they are using. I could have gone to the store and purchased a stuffed crust Freschetta and been a lot happier. Not to mention that the 7" pizza with an order of 6 bread sticks cost me $18 bucks...I've lived all over AZ for the last 12 years and have ordered pizza from all over the place... You want a good pie? Here are 6 quality places:1. Veneiza's - NY style with Blue cheese and they have Buffalo wings. Want a good deal? Go in and get the 2 slices and a beverage for like 5 bucks... Want the biggest pizza you have ever seen? Order the Party Pie... Awesome!2. Reno D's - Great Pies with a unique flavor. Wings have an awesome sauce so order a side and you'll get a 12oz container full.3. Nellos - Offers great pie and a good price.4. Pizzeria Bianco - Sit down joint. Make a reservation! Brick Oven, gourmet style...5. Oreganos - Good pies including Chicago style. No delivery option though!6. Gus's on Campus is a good "I'm drunk and hungry" place. Go Sober up!Just stay the hell away from Spinato's because no one should have to eat crappy pie... Especially during football season!AJ - Tempe, Az.
4	Phoenix continues to flex its muscle as a haven for Pizza.  This long time favorite provides a great comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere...surprising since it is in the middle of a Tempe industrial park.  The thin crust tastes like it has a dash of honey, the sauce is a great complement.  And that spaghetti calzone...let's just say that I wouldn't be surprised if other smart pizza joints don't start making it.Like everything else, there is more than one way to enjoy pizza. This isn't your typical wood fired Neapolitan, coal fired New York, or Chicago deep dish.  It is somewhat unique, it is very memorable, and it is should have a comfortable home within your pizza shortlist.
5	This is probably some of the BEST pizza Ive had in Arizona.  It reminds me of one of my favorite places in Chicago.  There are a few locations around the valley but this one is the one closest to me. It's a very small place and only seats about 30 people but there usually is never a wait and the service is really quick.
5	This pizza has been around for years. The family started the original place under the name Aurelio's in the early 1980's. It was in Tempe as well but different location was off McDowell. The pizza over the years has been consistently good. The owners are awesome and friendly.  I am recommending for those going for the first time to try the Spinato's spinach pizza or the all meat pizza. I would start with an antipasto salad and then dive into the pizza! Delicioso! Currently have to BYOB/BYOW but process of getting a liquor license as of 10/2010.
3	Slices or Spinato's? When you're near Tempe Marketplace and don't want to miss the movie you are about to watch you should check this place out. Slices is more of a "New York" style pizza where as Spinato's is more of a homemade style pizza, and I don't say that with any disrespect. In fact, if I had to suggest one of the two places I would most definitely suggest Spinato's. I'll try outline my reasoning behind this choice.Slices just has their "NY" style pizza, and to be quite honest they don't even do it that well. There are tons of places in Phoenix that do "NY" style pizza, and a notable place is Venezia's on Southern and Mill, not too far from Tempe Marketplace. Spinato's does have an "NY" style pizza and a Sicilian pizza, and the latter is actually pretty good.On a Friday night, this place gets somewhat packed for dine-in, but you can order "eat-in". So basically, you order you food, wait to be seated, and then shortly after being seated you can get your food. This worked out pretty well. The service is also good, and the staff are pretty friendly. Bathroom was small, one bathroom for the whole place, but it was clean and well kept. The pizza was very interesting, we got a Sicilian "Traditional Vegetarian" pizza. Essentially, if you could compare it to another pizza it'd be DiGiorno. Seriously though, the pizza reminded me a lot of DiGiorno's frozen pizza. This place has a unique homemade feeling to it, and even the pizza. I'm not saying its bad, its just unique. The crust is actually delicious, and I usually don't care too much about the taste of the crust, but this one actually tasted pretty good. The downside though is the way they served it, nothing to pick up slices with, and it was super easy for toppings to slide through the grill when it was warm. It became somewhat of a pain to handle the first few slices. This place has serious selection issues. Let's see, pork, pork, more pork, and a little bit more pork, oh and a little bit of vegetarian stuff. Ok, so where does that leave kosher meat eaters? Not at this place. If you eat kosher meat, and enjoy it on your pizza, this is not the place to come. There is literally no chicken or beef available here in terms of toppings.This place is pretty good and moderately priced. My significant other and I shared a 14" sicilian, and got waters which totaled to something like $15. Certainly not a terrible price, but for the price I think we could do a little better. I suppose if we wanna catch a movie after dinner we would visit this place, but it is certainly isn't on the top of our pizza visiting list. Its good pizza, it filled me up, it was tasty, but pizza is a competitive market.
5	A hidden gem of a pizzeria in Tempe.  Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach pizza is one of the best I've ever had!
4	"Max A'"  brought up some good points about Spinato's. The ingredients-under-the-cheese is a little odd, and the crust is unnecessarily messy.That said, I'm still a fan. I never had sweet pizza sauce before trying Spinato's, but it's good, and theirs is very fresh. What motivated me to write this review wasn't the pizza, though. Their calzone's are awesome! Especially the baked spaghetti and meatball calzone. That one only comes in one size, but it's perfect. Like other's wrote, the building is kinda hidden. It's about a one block south of University, and the door faces north. And I think Spinato's is still BYOB.
2	the first itme i had pizza from here i stole it from someone's fridge while i was drunka nd partying at their house - didnt know them btw. I thought it was from heaven. took me 2 years to enter the restaurant and when i did i was let down. too many good artisan pizza places in town do go back.
5	I got lost finding this place for the first time.It was a Saturday around 2pm and it was packed.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  Then after we got a table and ordered and got our huge glasses of iced tea we had to wait and wait and wait and wait and wait for our food.  We were so hungry we asked for crackers or bread or something to eat while we waited.  The waitress said she would bring hot bread and never did.  About an hour after arrival we finally got our food.  I REALLY wanted to hate this place.The spaghetti calzone was SO SO YUMMY.  It was delicious and a week later I still can't stop thinking about it.My kids each got a pizza and it was as first time I have seen them eat everything they ordered.My husband got a gluten free pizza and thought it was just okay.  For how expensive it was he said he would stick to Barros.But the spaghetti calzone.  Mmmmmm... I look forward to trying the pizza myself next time as well.
5	It really is as good as it gets at Spinato's. I'm originally from Chicago and have never had any luck finding good Chicago-style thin crust ANYWHERE in the valley. My boyfriend picked up Spinato's on a whim a week or so ago and I had to keep myself from eating the entire pie!The sauce is amazing - completely full of flavor. The crust is thin and flaky on the edges, and they cut their slices in SQUARES - my favorite. We just got the cheese for our first time, because if a place has good CHEESE pizza, all of the rest of their pizza will be good.This is the best Chicago style pizza in Arizona. Absolutely delicious!
5	Three words: gluten free pizza. At a reasonable price, too!I have eaten at Spinato's many times before, but it has been a few years as I have given up gluten (protein in wheat). Mentioning that I miss pizza at dinner yesterday, a new friend noted that Spinato's had gluten-free pizza! I was so happy to hear they added it to their menu. Tonight for dinner, I ordered a 10" gluten free pizza with pepperoni, feta cheese, and diced garlic for $12.90 (pick up). It was bigger than 10" and was so delicious! Much better than the pathetic excuse for a pizza they serve at Streets of New York. I am definitely coming back here soon to order all the pizza I've missed out on these last few years.
5	The pizza is great. You should order Nicky's favorite. The 12st and Glendale locate has 1/2 price pitchers on Thursdays. Don't miss out on great pizza and great service. It is all about the food not location.  So this place gets 5 stars.   Only downsize is the place is small and gets full up quickly. So go early to get a table. They just need to build a bigger place for the great pizza.
4	Four and a half stars! While in AZ for work, I got a chance to try this place out. The location is small and in an office park type area, but from my experiences these places usually have the best food. I was NOT disappointed. I was even a fan of the crushed style ice they use in their gigantic drinking cups - less need for refills. I ordered a dinner salad to start and it was definitely fresh! There's not much you can do to mess up a salad, and this place has large portion sizes. But this place is all about the pizza. I had the thin crust with mixed peppers and green olives - yes green olives - a true rarity to find in pizza joints where I'm from. Usually you're stuck with just the black olives. The crust was perfect - not tortilla thin - so it actually held the toppings. They don't skimp on the toppings or cheese and the sauce is absolutely perfect.  Apparently they make their own sauce (lightly sweet) and at this particular spot they make it all and send out to the other locations. Service was great. The greeter offered gluten-free menus before we were even seated, the server was patient and helpful and the manager stopped by every table towards the end of everyone's meals. I'd give this 5 stars, but the only thing I learned that stole that 'half' star was that they use frozen peppers. I prefer just green peppers but the stash they use has red/green mixed as they come in a bag. Truthfully it was an insignificant point due to the amazing flavor of their pizza and great service. Highly recommended if you're ever in this area!  Since its not too far from the airport, if I'm ever in town for work again, I'm definitely getting back out to Spinatos!
5	Ah-Fricken-Mazing..... My friend had mentioned to me that this pizza place called "Spinatos" made a baked spaghetti calzone... Being preggo this sounded like the best thing EVER MADE! Last week i ordered one for lunch as take out. The guy who took my order was so nice, not the usual "I can give a rat's @$$" college student worker. When I picked it up ALL of the employees were on their game as far as customer service goes. The food...  it was very good. The crust tasted fresh and perfectly cooked, the spaghetti inside was tender, and the sausage was sweet and full of flavor. I can not wait to try their pizza! I will be back... very very soon.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  The service is great and the pizza is very, very good.  Our server was friendly, courteous and checked on us at all the right times.  I would say the price range is average.  It's a super casual place, so you wouldn't look out of place if you walked in there with your hair uncombed wearing sweats. They do not serve alcohol, but they do have a killer brownie and gelato.  The garlic bread appetizer is simple, but yummy.  We had a large pizza with half what I wanted and half what my friend wanted.  The thing I tend to dislike about pizza places (but worth it if the pizza is fantastic) is the wait once you order it.  The pizza was brought to us in about only 10 minutes.  Very impressed with the whole thing.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is first, the tables were too close together.  I'm not loud, but I shouldn't have to whisper either, so there really is no seat in the place to have a private discussion with your party.  I understand they want as much business as they can, but when the lady at the table next to me snickers at something I said, I think it's time to take a table or two out.  Second, I like my crust with a little bit of a crisp or crunch.  This pizza crust was really soft. It might be more a preference issue though, so more of a heads up if you like it the way I like it.   Now, if only they had a small wine selection to complete the package.  :)
5	Love everything I've tried here.  A little bummed that the Tempe location doesn't do pasta.
4	We thought we were at the wrong place when we pulled up - very industrial looking from the outside, but totally different inside.  The salads and pies were awesome.  We had the Mama Spinato's pie and the Super Six.  The Mama's Spinatos was awesome.  Our group will definitely go back.  I only wish they served beers.
5	What a hidden gem!! I've lived in Tempe nearly six years and can't believe I've never been to Spinato's before. Tucked into the industrial part of Tempe, it's hard to miss but you will want to make the trip. After getting my wisdom teeth out all I wanted was pizza and this place was a great choice to be re-introduced to the world of solid foods
4	Some of the best pizza you will find in Phoenix. This place gives pizzeria Bianca and La Grande Orange an able challenger. The restaurant is small and intimate and fills up quickly during dinner and lunch. Luckily they have a take out option and you can go down the street to sleepy dog brewery to eat your pizza. All the pizza Ive had here has been great. I particularly like the Super Six, Nicole's Favorite and the spinach pizza. I would give it 5 if they had more seating and served alcohol.
2	We had been hearing rave reviews about this pizza and yelp has the reviews to back up what we were hearing.  The staff is super friendly.  One of the best things about this pizza place is that when there is a line to be seated you can pre order your pie so when you sit down you wait for food is very short.  It is a pretty efficient way to get patrons in and out.On to the food.  Started with the 1/2 and 1/2 dinner salad.  The Italian dressing was just ok for me, but there was nothing wrong with it.  The 1/2 of spinach was non existent.  The pie showed up shortly after the salad was consumed.  My biggest complaint about the pie was the sweet sauce.  So sweet in fact that I had to add salt to try to cut the sweetness.  Defiantly not my favorite pie.
5	The most FANTASTIC pizza I have ever had the opportunity to enjoy. I have tried three of their pies and I am currently on a mission to try all of them and still remain thin, it may be hard because every time I am there I stuff my face!My favorite out of the three that I have tried (The Super Six, Get Meaty and the Chicago) has to be the super six with get meaty coming in second just because I need a little green on my pizza. Staff is friendly and quick and the place has a great clean homey vibe. The location is a little hard to find because they are hidden away but it is so worth looking for!
5	Oh my heck, this is THE BEST pizza EVER!  The homemade Italian sausage is ambrosia!!  If you go you MUST try the sausage.....  The sweet, homemade sauce compliments it perfectly.  Oh, I drool thinking about this pizza.....   TRY IT!!  you will not be disappointed!!
5	This place is LEGIT and a must if you haven't eaten here before. Be prepared to wait, by it's worth it!!! Best cheese bread I've ever had!
5	I think I have found my favorite pizza place. Woohoo, Yelpers. Spinato's is as good as it gets for me.My date and I went here today (Thursday, 7/28) for a late lunch. This is the first pizza place that we have both loved. He is a lover of Chicago deep dish with a million toppings and I am much like Kenneth the Page from 30 Rock (my favorite pizza topping is plain). Location: Spinato's is indeed tucked in an industrial park on Smith Street between University and Rio Salado, closer to the latter. You might not even notice the restaurant upon first glance. I didn't. (Look for the misters and the "open" sign.) It's not really a date-date place, so don't take a first date here. Service: Greeted by a friendly, college-freshman-aged host and asked if we wanted the front or the back. I personally like being able to choose where I sit in a restaurant. It helps me avoid being suck by a loud table/upset babies/restrooms/etc.Our server Hannah was a sweet as could be. She didn't hover over our table and she came at always the right times to take our orders and see if we needed anything. Drinks: As a fellow Yelper mentioned, Spinato's serves crushed ice, akin to the wonderful Sonic ice. I'm a sucker for crushed ice and would give Spinato's five stars for this reason alone. The drinks are huge. I didn't even finish my delicious Dr Pepper. Oh yeah, they serve Dr Pepper!!!!11!!!!!!11!!one!!!!!! and some Pepsi products, I think. Food: We ordered a small house special -- Mamma Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Spinach. The pizza was the perfect size for the two of us to split.The spinach was excellent and there was a ton of delicious fresh garlic on top of the pie. After reading other reviews that complained about a "sweet sauce," I have to say that maybe the wonderful garlic counteracted the sweetness. I didn't notice the sauce being too sweet. Dessert: We ordered the brownie bella piccola ($3.49), which was a great size to split. The brownies were not very dense, but had a great fudge-chocolaty flavor and the vanilla bean gelato was a nice addition to the chocolate overload. Overall, Spinato's is a great pizza place and I will be back for more.
4	I have had pizza from here a few times, with mixed results, but generally positive. I usually get thin crust, which I like very much, but tonight we got a thick crust.... I wasn't a fan, but the BF really enjoyed it. I thought it was too bread -y. We also got some garlic bread with tomatoes, mozz, and basil.... This was super delicious! I could just eat this for a meal.... probably a really unhealthy meal that will leave me smelling of garlic for a few days..... but it's totally worth it.  So this location is a cute little hidden restaurant. The people are always friendly when I have gone to pick up, but I haven't eaten in the restaurant. I also really like that I can order online.... since I hate talking to people on the phone and all. So go Spinato's!
4	Spinato's is by far our favorite pizza! But, this location has a limited menu & is very crowded, this is why the 4 stars, but the thin crust pizza is 5+, yum!
3	I went to Phoenix for baseball spring training last February with my dad. This place had some pretty high ratings on yelp so we decided to stop in. I give it three stars for one reason, we were looking for pizza and beer. Spinato's doesn't serve beer at all. Pizza and beer go hand in hand, like... well like pizza and beer. That was kind of a bummer.The pizza was really good though. Can't complain about that.
4	Awesome pizza! I like the personal size with mushroom and sausage for lunch. Closed on Mondays.
4	Always have a great time with Spinatos. The cheese bread is always a winner! I love the ambiance of the place.My company often gets their catering service.The spinach tomato pizza is to die for!!
4	Some of the best garlic bread Ive had in a long time.Their pizza was really, really good. Our waiter was super nice and helpful.Im looking forward to going back here and trying more of their menu.
4	awesome pizza. it's kind of tucked away. there's time when i'm craving Spinato's pizza, not just any pizza.
4	I lived in Arizona for 6 years but it took leaving and coming back for a visit to discover this hidden gem.  The pizza and service were great.  It was a little spendy for a pizza but the quality of ingredients made it worth it.
5	You'll like this pizza if you like sweat sauce. You also have the options of going thin, thick, or gluten free. This along with Venezias, Joes, and le grande orange are my favorite in the valley.
1	We tried them when they first opened in Ahwatukee. Did carryout. Ordered one of each style crust to see which we liked best. The answer was NONE. Bland crust and overly sweet sauce just did not appeal to any of our family members.First time we ever threw leftover pizza in the garbage, rather than bag it for the next day... (I mean, who doesn't like cold pizza for breakfast?)
4	Never will you find this location, so be sure to use your GPS or print detailed directions first!  Located in an industrial center, on a side street, and non-discriminating sign to boot!What might be saved on a less than desired 'location location location', makes up for it in both the food and service.  Great and delicious!I've been here a couple of times on recent visits to Phoenix, and cannot yet sway for getting a pizza.  OMG - what's in this tangy sweet sauce?  it's a thinish crust that allows me (and soon you) to pound away at pieces of this delicious pie!Bring it Spinato -- you know what you are doing!
4	Great pizza with a nice crust, fresh toppings, and filling. The garlic cheese bread was awesome! Service was really great.
4	This is a really great pizza place.  They dont serve alcohol, but the food is bomb.  The staff is friendly and the environment inside is cozy.
5	Tucked away but close to Tempe Marketplace is this delicious Chicagan pizza place. The staff was friendly and worked well as a team.They made a split pie for me 1/2 Hawaiian and 1/2 Supreme.  I will return!
5	This is the best pizza in the world.  Seriously.  I feel like that's all I have to say.But I will say more.As far as the pizza goes, I've only tried the Mama Spinato's pizza because it's so good that I can't get myself to try anything else... probably because it's just perfect.  The flavor... the texture... oh God.  Salads, breadsticks, cheesesticks, and calzones are also amazing.  And TRY the pumpkin gelato that's seasonal--it's TO DIE for.Also, great, quick, friendly service.  They box everything up for you, and offer you giant to-go cups for your drinks even.My mouth is watering right now.
5	I've always loved spinach on my pizza, but my typical complaint at other places was the tiny amount that was used.  NOT SO AT SPINATO'S.  This spinach loving pizza fan was in HEAVEN!  This was honestly the best pizza that I've had in a while...thin light crust, tasty tomato sauce, cooked to perfection.We also got the anti-pasta salad, and their house Italian dressing was awesome.  My only complaint was the lack of alcohol.  Would have loved a nice glass of wine to go with the supper yummy pizza.
4	Not usually a fan of thick crust but theirs is amazing especially with its sweet sauce. Great antipasto salad with house italian. Definitely a great hidden gem!
5	Atmosphere: very cozy, great for family or groups, but they have a small seating area.Service: very courteous & prompt.Food: This is now my favorite pizza place!  We started off with some bruschetta.  It was crunchy & full of flavor.  The pepperoncini rings gave it a little kick!  For pizza, we got the Mama Spinato's "Signature" Fresh Pizza.  I love the way they cut the pizza for you.  It wasn't the traditional big triangular slices.  They were cut into small squares, which made it so much easier to share, and to portion yourself.  The crust is thin, so it wasn't overwhelmingly doughy.  My sister ordered the same specialty pizza but gluten-free.  The crust wasn't as sweet, but still good for being gluten-free.  Definitely beats Picazzo's gluten-free crust in terms of taste.I am addicted!
3	Customer service is pretty good.  Dining areas are pretty small.  We got the antipasto salad - at first it was worrisome because all the salads are separated by iceburg, spinach or mix of both and priced as such.  I was hoping I wasn't paying 9 dollars for some bagged salad mix.  This was was decent - they layered ham, cheese and salami and sliced it into strips to put on top of the salad.  Salad had tomatoes, green and black olives, cucumbers, artichoke hearts as well to fill it out.  We subbed garlic bread for the italian bread and I have to agree - it is one of the best garlic bread I've ever had.  Its not all greasy, yet full of flavor.  Really enjoyed this part of the meal.We ordered the big 6 pizza with thick crust.  It was decent, but I'm not sure I'm a fan of the sweet pizza sauce.  If you don't mind the sweetness of the pizza sauce you'll love it.  The flavoring and texture wasn't bad considering how thick the crust was (its thick throughout the whole slice), you'd expect it to be on the bland side.Next time we'll try the thin crust and see how it is but I had a love/hate thing going with the sweetness of the pizza.
4	This pizza is addictive. I love the Pepperoni but the spinach one surprised me and I reordered it another day. They are fun to visit and everybody we have taken there returned in the same week. This is not similar to other pizza you may have tried. A little sweet is what some people tell me. Worth the visit and go hungry and get the salad. One salad will feed two and maybe three people.
5	Holy crap is this pizza good. Been there 3 times every time was great!!  Can't recommend the best pizza to get cause you can't go wrong. What makes this pizza so good is the sauce it has a sweetness to it that hooks you. Won't be disappointed
5	The pizza is the best I've ever had, hands down.
1	This place sucks.  We have been there 2 times, with an attempted 3rd time.  1st time, burnt pizza, was horrible.  2nd time, we were told that it would be a 15 minute wait, we waited 1 hour 15 minutes, then it took 1 hour and 20 minutes for them to bring us the wrong pizza.  Last time, we called and were told no wait, showed up 3 minutes later and found out there was an 1 and 1/2 hour wait.  They told us it was standard practice to tell any person that calls is there is no wait.  Won't go back.  Florencias, Nellos and Grimaldies all have better Pizza.
5	In a word "delicious.". Probably the best pizza I've had..ever..anywhere. The wait was a bit long but the food and service were great.
5	This is my favorite pizza in town so far.  Yeah, it's kinda pricy, and sure, the location is not super luxe, but dammit if the pizza isn't brilliant!The toppings are fresh, the crust is savory, and the best part - absolutely the best part - is the sauce.  It's fresh, sweet, and tangy - it's unlike any other sauce I've ever had.This isn't cheep (it's not going to break the bank either), so if you're drunk and need a cheesy/greasy fix, hit up Little Caesars or Hungry Howies, but if you want some truly delicious and satisfying pizza, try Spinato's - you won't be sorry!
5	Great food, service, and atmosphere! The spaghetti calzones are the best!
5	Spinato's is our favorite Pizza place in the valley. We used to be big fans of Oregano's and stumbled across Spinato's on a lunch break one day at the Smith and Rio Salado location. Our all time favorite and every time order is the Homemade Italian Sausage and Pepperoni. We love this place sooo much that we held our wedding reception at the Ahwatukee location (thanks John!) and we have turned a few guests in to long term customers. Today I order for delivery from the Tempe location for a work luncheon. The way they cut the pie in to small square pieces fed 12 hungry adults with 3 pizzas! The delivery was right on-time and the food was still hot. They included plates and forks for our team and I think they realized I hadn't ordered enough drinks (I got 4 20oz drinks for all 12 of us) so they threw in a few extra! The customer service at both the Tempe and Ahwatukee location is top notch and the pizza is the best in the valley! Thanks for being our number one pizza joint!
5	Love this pizza! I can't rave about Spinato's enough. My wife and I eat there about once every couple weeks. We typically eat at the Tempe location, though I work in Scottsdale and frequent that location as well. It's hard not to order the pizza, but I've also tried the meatball sandwich and the pasta which are both also very good. My wife loves the spaghetti and meatball calzone and often makes a meal of that and a salad (we also love their homemade Italian dressing). The sauce is amazing and all of the ingredients are fresh and high quality. The wait staff is very friendly, and even remember us and our tendencies (they've even busted me on eating at both locations in the same day). We introduce all of our friends and family to Spinato's whenever they're in town or looking for a place to eat, and nobody we've brought has had a single negative thing to say about it. Highly recommended!
5	I am serious...amazing gulton free pizza and always great service
4	Pizza was good, and dessert was delicious. Would visit again.
5	Being originally from Chicago, I can tell you that Spinatos is the best pizza that I have found in the Phoenix area!  I like thin crust and their thin crust is light and cooked to perfection.  When you ask for Italian sausage you actually get.....get this....Italian sausage!  Not that crap like in other places!  The sauce is so good and it's sweet!  .... Just like my Chicago pizza!!  The service is always good and the pizza is always the same:  AMAZING!
5	Okay, so the crust can be soggy sometimes but the pizza itself is delicious. Best Chicago style thin crust in the valley. Just ask for crispy crust or cooked a little longer, learned that from my server last time i was there. Definitely ask if your getting delivery, soggy crust is gross and unacceptable.
5	I would have written a 5-star review about Spinato's anyway, but after an experience this weekend, I had to Yelp about it ASAP....  I drove from Mesa just to pick up pizza for my family (yes, it's that good), and when I was getting in my car to leave, I was holding the pizza and the box caught the corner of my rear-view mirror.  The entire large pizza spilled in the front seat of my car, all over the console, gear shift, seat, floor, etc.  It was a mess!  I tried to clean it up, but I really needed soap and water, so I went in to ask for some napkins.  The manager, Tim, overheard me ask and asked what happened.  When I explained, he immediately got me wet towels to clean up the mess and made me a new pizza, free of additional charge!  He obviously didn't have to do that, as it was not Spinato's fault in any way.  Plus, the place was packed (as usual), but he bumped my pizza to the front of the line.  If I wasn't convinced before that Spinato's is the BEST-- not just for food taste but for customer service-- I would be sure of it now!Things to get:  the Sicilian pizza.  It's thick and awesome.  Order jalapenos on top.  They are a nice balance to the sweet sauce.  Also, get the starter salad and the raspberry vinaigrette dressing-- it's tart and perfect.Something unique:  the spaghetti-filled calzone.  Yep, you heard me-- carbs baked inside of carbs!  :)The servers are great, the management is great, the location is great (easy parking and plenty of it, including street parking), and the food is SO WONDERFUL!  Try one of their multiple locations throughout the valley-- you won't be disappointed.Tip:  they don't take lunch reservations, but if you get there earlier than your appointed time, they have no problem pulling together multiple tables for larger groups.
5	I trully cant say anything bad just i wish this place were bigger in tempe! It does get pretty packed but so worth it. We come here for lunch very often because of the service which has been always great even though they are packed in but thats what makes it nostalgic. It reminds me of back east. I love it, major kudo's Spinato's!
5	Five stars for mama's signature spinach pizza... i dont even need to try anything else on the menu it's that good.  I eat it without cheese and it's so delicious!  Great sauce and the spinach gets perfectly crispy!
3	Not bad. Not great. Kind of your typical italian pizza joint. Had the gluten free which is not too bad and a regular pizza. I would say that it's good but I don't ever crave it. I mean I am not making any special trips to go here. If it happens to be in front of me, I will eat it but that said I think there is still much much better pizza out there. In the grand scheme of things, this is upscale domino's!
4	I ordered a thin crust for carry-out one evening.  The place was somewhat hidden in an industrial area close to Tempe Marketplace.  The staff was very friendly and it seemed like a laid-back, cozy place to eat a meal.I enjoyed my pizza.  The sauce tasted very sweet so be prepared for that.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place. Their pizza is in my top 3 as far as the selection in Arizona, and the ONLY downside is that the Tempe location (to my knowledge) still doesn't have any of the pasta dishes that some of the other locations have. The crust is always perfect, the sauce is sweet but with just the right amount of spice to it, and the cheese and toppings are flawless. On top of having some of the best pizza in town, their customer service is top-notch. If you haven't tried Spinato's yet, put it on your to-do list!
3	I'm torn between a 3.5 and 4 star rating.  The pizza here is amazing, seriously. As I was eating it, I felt like I was in the scene with the corn on the cob in "What about Bob".  Spinato's has incredible pizza, the ingredients and sauce were spot on and rich in flavor.  Also this place has crushed ice, which I just love!!  However, there were a few things that I didn't like about the place.  For one, it's tiny, meaning wait time will usually be a factor.  Once we finally were sat, it was at a really small table right in the middle of the room; I prefer a bit more of an intimate setting.  Our server was nice but not especially quick or observant; forgetting plates and silverware.  Our mixed iceberg/spinach salad was nothing to write home about; honestly it was the same quality as one of the salad bags you pick up in the grocery store.  The lettuce had a little bit of a earthy taste, almost like they didn't wash it before they served it.  This location does not serve wine or beer, which was a shame because I really would have loved a glass of red wine.  Lastly, we ended up with the cannoli for desert and I was not impressed at all; one bite was enough.  I was really taken back with the amazing pizza, but the establishment was not my taste.  From now on I'll be taking Spinato's to go.
4	The Mama's Signature calzone is the best calzone-ish thing I've ever had in my life. I'll keep coming back to Spinatos as long as this is on the menu...As for this particular location - some other reviews probably confirm that its small, doesn't serve alcohol, etc. Thats a shame! I'd make much more frequent visits here if they did! There ARE other locations though, so hopefully you have the opportunity to try it at a place thats a little larger and that serves beer. The Scottsdale location does.
4	I have only gotten delivery from here before but every time I am impressed. The people who take my order are great and the food is always hot when it arrives. The pizza is the best by far that I have had since living in Arizona. The calzones are also fantastic!
5	Our go to pizza place! Don't see how they could improve in any area. Customer service is excellent, immaculately clean and the food is PERFECTION!
5	AMAZING pizza.What else do you need to know?Staff has always been nice and helpful.  Nothing tops the food though...
5	Had the "combo" pizza, and it was great. Our waiter was friendly. Spinatos, by far one of the best pizza places around.
5	Love the pizza, especially the homemade sauce. Can't beat the Italian bread either. Fantastic restaurant, would recommend this place to anyone looking for local pizza thats leaps and bounds above any chain store.
5	I just went here for the first time tonight with my family and had a great time.  The food was delicious, but what really sold it for me was our outstanding service.  We were helped by Maria and she was a total sweetheart!  She knew the menu very well, gave great recommendations, and made sure we had everything we needed.As for the food, I had a gluten-free pizza and their crust was really yummy (which can sometimes be a challenge when doing things gluten-free)!  My family had a pizza, calzone, salad, and dessert, and they were all very satisfied with their selections.  I do wish they were able to serve alcohol, but that did not ruin the dinner whatsoever.  Plenty of parking out front and this location is right down the street from Tempe Marketplace.Highly recommended!
5	This place is amazing!  I eat here all the time & the food is so good, best pizza in Arizona!  Last night I had the spaghetti filled cal-zone & it was delicious & very big.  The waitress was incredibly helpful, polite, & very attentive without over doing it.  This location is very small & somewhat hidden in an industrial area but this is only because this was the first location of this restaurant in Arizona.  If anyone has a chance to ever eat here it is highly recommended you do!
5	I wish I had tried this place earlier! It has quickly become my go-to place for pizza in the Valley. I really like Oregano's, but they are better known for their specialty pizzas and when I crave sausage pizza they aren't my number one choice. I've never actually eaten in-shop as I always pick it up and take it home, but they are prompt and I've never had to wait for it to finish. There is seriously something addicting in their sweet sauce, because you definitely start to crave it after a while. I wasn't quite sure the first time I had it, but I've quickly come to love the taste.I tend to go between the Mama's Signature, the Combo, and the Sausage and Peppo, but I've never had a bad pizza. Way better than the chains! I've found it even reheats better than most.
5	I ordered the handmade sausage and mushroom pizza and it was delicious. They were friendly and very fast. It's worth the money.
4	The spinach signature pizza is heavenly.  It had the perfect mix of ingredients, from the tangy-sweet tomato sauce, the fresh spinach and tomatoes, the nicely browned cheese, with a bite from the freshly chopped garlic.  Service was excellent, and drinks were refilled promptly.  We opted to share a cannoli for dessert, which had a light, sweet filling with a crunchy outer layer.  I dig the atmosphere, and enjoyed listening to the classic rock in the restaurant.  Definitely will dine here again!
5	We waited for about an hour for a table.  It was well worth the wait!  The pizza and calzone were amazing.  Maria was a fantastic server!  We will definitely be back and bring others with us!
5	It's probably my favorite pizza in Arizona.  They use great ingredients and you can just taste the quality.  It costs more than most places, but that's because it's good and they pay more for better quality ingredients.  It's worth it.
5	Absolutely love this place. The pizza is consistently delicious and they're always so friendly. The only downfall is the lack of parking but it's worth hunting for a spot.
5	My favorite pizza place in Arizona. The service is always great, and the pizza delicious. If I could eat here everyday, I probably would.
4	Very good Pizza. Lots a varieties, they have you staples and some interesting ones. Priced reasonable and great service. Could use a TV or two for games, which I wanted to pay attention to when I was there. Good Gluten free pizza crust as well.
4	My nephew and his girlfriend go to this location frequently and brought us in there last night for our 1st time. We were a party of 7 & were seated immediately by a super friendly hostess. The manager Tim came over to tell us our server would be right with us and he would get us drinks while we waited which I thought was great! THEN...we met Maria- She was awesome! I've been waiting tables for about 20 years and seriously....that's some of the best service I've ever had. Anyways, we tried 3 pizzas. The original cheese Sicilian, the Hawaiian and the Mamma Italia with spinach and feta etc..They were all a hit. (except for I personally didn't like the original sauce, just too sweet for me). We got the antipasto salad for the table. Tons of meats and cheeses, pepperoccinis, tomatoes, olives etc...My niece was doing her math assignment online and flagged down a young man around her age, Brad, to help her with it and he didn't even flinch, he just jumped right in to help her, (although, I think they were flirting). We tried the gelato, the chocolate chip cookies, and the apple pie crostini dessert. All very good. It was such a great experience that I'm really looking forward to my next visit.
4	Once again the greater Phoenix area does not disappoint when it comes to pizza. I would have never found this place if not for Yelp. It was tucked away and off the beaten path. The pizza choices were excellent and the service was very good. After I was done someone who I assume was the manager came over and asked how things were. I told him very good and I told him how I've been to Chicago, New York, Boston, San Fransisco, etc and in my opinion the Phoenix area competes with them all for pizza, if not beats them.I would like to give this place 4.5 or 5 stars there was only 1 draw back, no beer or wine is served. So I gave it 4.
5	This is by far my favorite place to get gluten free pizza. Their ingredients are so fresh and their crust doesn't make you feel as if you are eating something gluten free. I love how their salad dressings are all homemade and that they are very tentative on if you order gluten free to take out the croutons in the salad. Spinach special is one of my favorite as well as the Chicago and Nicole's!
5	We love this place....great service great food.  We like the location and the area is quiet and quaint.  The home made meatballs on the pizza is fabulous.  Also the Italian dressing is one is the best we have ever had.  Try this pizza it is unlike any other
5	Amazing gluten-free pizza!!!
5	Everything our party of 6 ate was very good to exceptionally good. Their signature thin crust pizza with spinach was popping with so much flavor that I almost didn't want to eat the very well done Penne Primavera Alla Vodka. Thick crust pizza also nice, not greasy. Greek salads were said to be "just right" by 3 people at the table. Menu is packed with items so we'll be back!
5	Awesome pizza
5	some of the best pizza I've eaten. IHadvery good cheese on top was great thank you very much for a great time the only bad thing is I have to fLy home t San Francisco tomorrow but I would like to thank Michelle for being a great hostess she's noTMichelle she's from New Jersey but I had a great time thank you very much
5	I've had pizza all over the country over 40 years and this is the best. Even better than Mario's in Wisconsin! I don't know what the few complaints about this place were really about... probably from competitors or people not use to quality pizza... "Soggy pizza"?! Seriously?! It was crisp! If you want soggy pizza go to Oregano's... Worst pizza EVER!!! Yes, the sauce is a bit on the sweet side and not for people used to cheep @#$& pizza. Yes, the place is small but would you rather have something mass produced, frozen and reheated like most fast food pizza places that sell for $5? Solve that problem by calling ahead! I've not had any problem with the staff... Excellent family atmosphere and great Italian personality!
3	I tried Spinato's last Friday.  I ordered a Large Thin Crust Pepperoni, a Medium Thin Signature Fresh Spinach, and Going Greek Side Salad to go. As warned by other yelp reviews, the sauce they use on the pizza is little sweet.... A little sweeter than I guess I had been expecting. Other than that I thought they were okay.
5	This is easily in my list of top 5 pizza places of all time! The combination of a thin crust, their sweet sauce, and generous amount of toppings makes it delicious. Recommend the Super Six for meat lovers and the Mama Spinach as a vegetarian option.
5	I like thin crust. I have only tried one pizza from this place. It was a thin crust Hawaiian. It was hands down the best pizza I have ever had. I have had Nello's and everybody else's pizza. I used to live in Chicago. Spinato's is the best and I am getting another today!
5	We dropped in after a movie at Tempe Marketplace at the insistence of Dave who had been here as a local.  They were just about closed and it was 100 degrees out but they still let us in.  Service was exceptional, waters filled every minute they were emptied.  I asked and got a great recommendation on the $9 Calzone and it was absolutely fantastic and came quickly.  Ricotta cheese, onions, 3 types of peppers and that thin, wonderful crunchy crust.  I hadn't a Calzone this phenomenal in years.  The crust was light and tasty and they included Au Jus which was a different but nice touchI did taste the pizza the guys ordered and I understand some of the Yelp comments about the tomato sauce being too sweet.  I still enjoyed the pizza but if you don't care for sweet spicey tomato sauce I would highly recommend the Calzone
5	By far for me, this is the best Pizza around. I love the sweet sauce, for some it might be to much but for me it is perfect. I would recommend sticking with the thin crust as the tradition is a little to much dough. I have had salads, spaghetti and meatballs, pretty much everything on the menu and not once was anything bad. the only complaint I have is there is not one by me.
2	I have been to the Spinato's in Phoenix and enjoyed it. This location I'd unique in the franchise. There is no alcohol whatsoever served here so be advised, also the pizza did not taste as it normally does the 3 times I have been here. Also like all Spinatos they are closed on Monday. They have like 9 tables, a single picture on the wall... its really depressing. You'd figure the service would be a lot more personable because the server only had one other table, it wasn't. I saw the other server morw which made it awkward when it came to the tip because I didn't know who to tip. I expected a lot more. The food was bland... if you like Spinatos, just avoid this location. It's not worth it.
4	Hole in the wall location.  Had "Mamma's Favorite" calzone, and it was delicious and VERY reasonably priced ($5.25 for a personal size calzone).  Great service - our waitress Maria was charming and attentive.  Recommend it!
5	The margherita pizza is as good or better than Four Peaks! WARNING: IF YOU LIKE THIN CRUST, DON'T ORDER 7"  !!!!   For some reason, they can't make the crust thin on those little pizzas. All other sizes  are very thin and nicely crisp. That is the way I like mine...thin and crisp!!This review is only for their 11"+ thin crust pizza's.
5	err mer gersh!!just go!!!! never ever had a pizza like that! and the salad was phenomenal!Dont look at the price, just order!
4	The pizza sauce is great ! The service is overall good! The caprese stack was delicious ! Definitly, recommend it !
5	A awesome pizza place in a funny place. It's location is kinda funny but don't be discouraged. The Italian Bread with marinara sauce is to die for. The pizza is superb. Make sure to save for desert. I recommend the brownie bella.
5	The best Pizza I ever had. Especially the spinach one.I love it so much.
5	Pizza was amazing and the Cesar salad was fantastic :) ordered the caprese and cheesy garlic bread and they were both phenomenal! Our waitress Maria was so nice and friendly and earned herself a pretty good tip!! LOVE THIS PLACE :)
3	Pizza was good. I had the "new" favorite. However, what kind of pizza place doesn't serve alcohol or wings?! Went in wanting pizza, wings, and a beer. Left having only had the pizza.
5	Best pizza in Tempe. Some of the best in Arizona.
2	I recently moved to the area and choose Spinato's after reading reviews on Yelp.  So I expected a decent pizza.  However, I was quite disappointed.  I ordered a basic pepperoni and mushroom pie and was pretty horrified to discover it was made with CANNED mushrooms.  Ugh.  I can't believe any self-respecting pizza place uses canned mushrooms.  Also, there was very little pepperoni on the pizza and it was loaded with a ton of mozzarella and the sauce was incredibly sweet.  I will admit that I'm a bit of a pizza snob who's eaten my share of first-rate New York City pizzas.  I also  tend not to order from mainstream pizza places, preferring instead to only get pizzas from places like Parlor--or to make my own where I know the ingredients will be high-end.  But I can still appreciate a good, old-fashioned basic pepperoni pizza.  This was NOT it. In fact, it was no better than a chain-store pizza. I doubt I'll order it a second time.  Very disappointing.  I'm actually very puzzled by the overwhelming number of positive reviews??
5	This pizza is bomb- the closest your gonna find to a Chicago style pizza in Arizona. Quiet little joint, can be hard to find, off the beatin path. Good food and good service. Love there pizza and bread n butter treat to the table. Good spot for sum yummy pizza and a peaceful dinner outing from the norm. of a chain restaurant. You gotta try if you haven't already, your missing out!!!
4	Pizza and service was very good. Nice thin crust which does not leave you with that guilty feeling after eating.
5	It's really with mixed emotions that I award five stars...best pizza for miles, but I kinda want to keep it secret! There's no red sauce that compares to Spinato's. The Spaghetti Calzone will make you unthink what you may about calzones in general. Everything here is downright craveable.
5	Before I went to Spinatos, after reading all the great reviews, I thought the best Pizza I ever had was at John's on Bleecker Street in NYC. WOW! Spinato's is just as good. Crust, Sauce, Toppings, Flavor were fantastic. Service was good too. Don't pass this place up! It is great!!!
4	Pretty darn good place. Nice service. Their sauce was really good...nice sweet touch; not cloying just good hint of sweetness to make it unique.
4	What to eat, what to eat.... So as a traveling sales man, I see a lot of my windshield, and even more places to eat.   Of course there are your typical chain type places that I go to when I can't make a decision - but I'm sure glad i didn't go that route here.   I was dying for a pizza.  you know, that water in your mouth desire to fill a need you can't satisfy any other way... Yea.   So I log onto Yelp, and BAM - 1.1 miles away, a pizza joint with rave reviews!!People! You have not tasted what good pizza can actually do to you...   The ingredients are fresh, the dough is just right, the size is perfect and the flavor is an orgy waiting for you to join in.
5	Excellent Pizza for the masses !!! Lol
4	Their pizza ad calzones are delicious! Fresh tomato sauce and ricotta cheese! Quick service.
4	Very good pizza. We are from Chicago and are always on the hunt for Chicago style pizza. We had the Chicago thin crust pizza. Tasted great but would have preferred it a little crispier. But overall very good.   Maybe I'm picky... But  the lighting was a little too bright for me. We will definitely be returning here.
4	VERY Good thin crust pizza. Our favorite pizza place in Arizona. Closest to thin crust Chicago pizza you will find in AZ.
5	The mama's spinach thin crust pizza is awesome! I never seen my wife eat so much pizza! Great garlic flavor, sauce is tasty!
4	Not typically the kind of pizza pIace I usually visit. It's a very whole in the wall type of place. I droveright past it when trying to locate it. With the amount of yelp reviews that it had and how late it was, I HAD to check it out. I was not disappointed!I ordered the spinach pizza (take-out). Delicious, not too oily and not too salty. I only wish that the bottom was less soggy, but I guess some people like their pizza like that?4/5 Would come back for late night pizza
4	Everyone says this place is so great and I would say that's true. I took a friend of mine there and she ordered a spaghetti stuffed calzone and I ordered a personal pizza, I believe it was called Nicoles. My friend raved about how hers was the best meal she has had in a long time. The pizza had good flavor and the crust was just right.! We will be going back!
5	Definitely the best pizza in Tempe, possibly the best in the state.  The sauce sets it apart from other places.  Baby spinach is delicious too.  I can see why people would be disappointed that they don't serve alcohol here; that would make the place even better, but it's just a pizza joint, not an Oregano's type place.  Order for pick up and enjoy it at home.
5	The beat hole in the wall place! Pretty busy...had about a 25min wait well worth it! Our waiter was goooood; not his first rodeo, had a side Greek salad every bite had flavor! We also had pizza WHOA! Yes! Party in my mouth!! And the cannoli best ever!!!
5	We have been to Spinatos many times. Usually we have it delivered to our house. Let me tell you, this is our favorite pizza place hands down. The delivery drivers are fantastic. This last time they delivered when i answered the door my dogs were going crazy and the delivery guy asked if he could give them a treat. I said sure and he pulled a dog treat out of his pocket. Excellent customer service and pizza that is second to one. I highly recommend spinatos!!!!
5	I have been coming here for years. Absolutely the best pizza I have ever eaten--anywhere in the world.
5	Great pizza!
4	Okay- this pizza is delicious. So why only 4 stars?CANNED Mushrooms...ew. Seriously, Mushrooms are the cheapest ingredient for a pizza. Please keep it fresh! No one wants to eat rubbery mushrooms.Other than that...it was really great. I had a thin crust veggie pizza, and (after picking off the mushrooms), it was probably the best veggie pizza I've had. The pizza sauce was delicious!I got the same veggie pizza in a thick crust- not nearly as good.Their thin crust has a light fluffy sweet taste, tastes like fresh dough. Their thick crust tastes like the buy them pre-made (this may not be the case, but that is what it tastes like). Also, their "personal" pizza size is tiny. It was more like child size. When they brought out our personal pizzas, I almost started laughing. They are just so small.So, Moral of the Spinato Story:Get THIN crust always, and not mushrooms. Everything else is soooooo good.
5	I love Spinatos. The pizza is so good. They add a special ingredient to their sauce that makes it so yummy. The spaghetti calzone is so unique and delicious. It is must try. My only complaint is that there is always a wait on a Friday night, but that just shows how good the food is. Spinatos is definitely worth the wait.
4	This place has the one of the best pies I have had.I had to call to ask where they were located because they are hidden right across Fisher's Tools (ha).  Once we found them, it was golden just like the crust of their pizza. Started off with a salad with fresh vegetables and ordered Mama Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach Pizza.  The pizza smothered with mozzarella cheese and "secret seasonings" spinach and tomatoes.  It makes my mouth water just trying to describe.  Each slice is pretty heavy and had about 3 slices but wanted MORE! It's the favorite we were told which makes sense. We going back!
5	amazing pizza! I was hesitant at first after reading that their sauce was sweet, but I'm glad I gave it a try. So good it's hard to explain. Meats are incredibly high quality. The cheese is to die for and they put so much on ... Omg goodness! Plus they deliver!
5	Spinato's has the best pizza in the valley. The staff is extremely friendly the only down side to this restaurant is small so waits can be long. Everything I've tried has been great. My personal favorite is the get meaty pizza. All the meats are flavorful and the sauce has a slight sweet taste to it but it isn't overwhelming like a Pizza Hut.  I also recommend ordering a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta. It will change your life. You can order a small because it is still large enough to have plenty of leftovers.
5	This was the one Spinato's I had yet to visit and now I can finally cross it off my list! Sunday night rolled around and it was a pizza kind of night. When it comes to takeout pizza, Spinato's is at the top of our list but we were faced with the pining question: What location is closest? We decided that this location was the best choice and made our way down to this hidden pizza gem within an industrial setting. This Spinato's doesn't have the frills but it has the food! The delicious sweet sauce, the heavenly sausage and the fluffy bread. I gobble up every bite and I'm sad when it's over! It's best to ask for extra sauce because their sauce is their signature taste. The pizza is also perfect for left-overs so I suggest getting a larger one so you have some for the next day! We got the bruschetta to start and really enjoyed the fluffy bread and flavorful tomatoes and peppercinis. I love this pizza and think everyone in the Valley should try it because they will fall in love too!
1	Eek! Methinks not. Is the perfect way to describe how I feel about this place. I tried their pepperoni pizza just a simple large, pretty basic right? Well I wanted wings to eat with my so I though amazing pizza, until while I am ordering, they tell me they dont have wings!!!!!!! what kind of pizza parlor is it without wings? I also did not like the taste of the sweet tomato sauce, it was too fuffi for me, I did not enjoy the slices after the second one, it kept getting sweeter and sweeter for me. I will for now leave this place alone and not come back, maybe next year I will try them again, but in the mean time I will stick to Rhino D's
5	Love this place. Kinda hard to find but well worth it. This one has no alcohol and herd somewhere they will soon. If you want to eat it at home, its better to call and pick it up then delivery. Delivery takes much longer.
5	It's my Thin Crust pizza of choice in AZ.  I've been to all the spots many times...LeGrand Orange, Pizzeria Bianco, Orreganos, BJ's, etc.  All around "experience" and all around taste...Spinato's is my #1 choice.  Super Six is good, but my two staples are Mama's "Signature" - easy garlic.  and Pepperoni & Pineapple w/ extra sauce.  Try it.  The combination of  their wonderful sauce and the sweet / spicy combo of pepp/pineapple...its a winner.
4	The Tempe location is a little isolated but the food and service are great.
5	Looked it up and had good reviews so i tried it. Very Very Good Pizza, Breadsticks are ok, but the marinara makes up for it...WOW it's good
4	Meet up with some fellow yelpin friends on Thursday night at Spinato's Pizza.  I didn't even know Spinato's was there and very close to Tempe Marketplace, I just thought this was an industrial area.  This Spinato's has an opened feeling to it, its rustic yet industrial, guess so it can fit in its surroundings.  I also learned this location does not sell beer or wine or whatever booze they happen to have for sale at other locations.  I was running a little behind but I did get to sample the signature pizza, it had baby spinach, fresh roma tomatoes, diced garlic and mozzarella cheese, thick crust. This was a great pizza, simple but delish! The pizza sauce is on the sweeter side, not savory, but I personally happen to like it I also happen to be a fan of thick crust pizza as well, I'm not too crazy about thin crust, so this pizza was perfect in my book!  Service was great and food was good! Look forward to trying it again.
4	This location is pretty small but it does have a certain charm to it. The place is not much to look at from the outside, and it is located in an industrial area south of Rio Salado near Tempe Marketplace. However, when we dined there with a large group the service was great and the food was everything I have come to expect from Spinatos. Be aware that this location does not serve alcohol, though. Apparently they used to have a license for BYOB but they no longer do that, either.
4	Nestled amongst surrounding businesses I've driven past Spinato's Pizza at least a dozen times. I joined a group of friends for dinner or I might have never discovered this quaint little restaurant. I decided as this was my first visit to go with the pizza choices of those who had been before. We shared a thick crust half  Mamma Spinato's signature fresh spinach , and  half  Get Meaty special. Their sauce is significantly sweeter than most places but the flavor is good as was the pizza. The crust however thick was a bit dry and crunchy at the ends, perhaps overdone just a bit. They do however offer thin crust as well as Gluten free which is a bonus for some. It did take a little long for our food to come out but our server was very attentive and managed our group of twelve without any issues. I ordered the Holy Cannoli, crisp on the outside and creamy on the inside it was a perfectly delicious way to end the meal.
4	This place, though easily accessible because of its proximity to the Tempe Marketplace, can be easy to miss because it's tucked within a commercial complex in an industrial area. Inside, the setting is simple and very informal, and lighting is at a comfortably low, relaxing level. Service is efficient and friendly, and of course the pizza is quite good. A big plus for me is that people with gluten restrictions can opt for a gluten-free crust, which means I can come here with a group and enjoy pizza like everyone else. I guess the only grouse I have about the place is that parking can be tricky during peak hours.
5	Not sure how I've racked up so much face time with Spinato's and haven't written a review yet, but this place has become a beloved favorite of mine for its addictive red sauce. This sauce isn't for everyone. If you don't like sweet, marinara-y type sauces you're probably not going to like their red sauce and that's ok. But if you DO like that type of sauce then you might find yourself craving it in the middle of the night and conning your friends into going there for dinner the next day. Not saying that I've done that. But maybe I have. They have a variety of pizzas, Chicago-style Italian favorites (think sandwiches, baked pastas), salads, appetizers and desserts that are all super reasonably priced making it family friendly and a great 2nd or 3rd date spot. One of my favorite things to order is the spaghetti calzone because it is an unholy carb beast. It's exactly what it sounds like: a calzone stuffed with spaghetti  and meatballs. Pro tip: request it with the sauce on the side, otherwise they'll slather red sauce on top (unless you're into that). I love that everything here comes in personal sizes so that if you don't feel like sharing or want to mix and match a manageable  amount of food, you can!To curb my cheese and carb intake I'll usually get a side dinner salad which comes with tomatoes, cucumbers and your choice of dressing. It's a generous serving for a side salad and it comes with half spinach and half greens mix (iceberg and other little semi-fancy lettuces). I curb my vegetable intake by getting garlic ranch dressing. Balance is good.All of the wait staff is pretty fantastic but if you get Maria, you're in for a treat. She's awesome-so friendly and just on top of everything!Spinato's is on my short list of restaurants that I know I can get consistent service and food and all the comfort of home without having to do the dishes!
5	One of my all time favorite places to get a pizza to go. Limited but quality menu. Their sauce has sugar in it so you will be hooked in no time! Don't forte to grab a package of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies! You will thank me later!
3	Good luck finding the place on the first try as there is no signage showing where they are. The parking lot is not lit at night so it is extremely dark; would be nice if they had a take out parking space by the entrance. One night I came in to pick up a pizza and had a hard time pulling in as there were some guys at the lot entrance throwing a football around...they stared at me weird as I drove past them.Pizzas and calzones are good. Thought the side Caesar salad (take out) was pricey at $4.For takeout once in a while it's ok.
4	Pretty awesome pizza, I'm a fan of the Olive Oil Based pizza, but the house-made marinara based pizza is pretty fantastic as well. The marinara is slightly sweet, which is why I tend to lean towards the olive oil.The place is right off the road and a little hard to find, but worth the wait once you're in. Spinatos tends to die down after 1pm if your headed in for weekday lunch.
5	My husband told me this is the best pizza he's ever had! I was really impressed with the sweet sauce especially. We ordered a medium specialty pizza and had enough slices left for lunch the next day.Everyone was friendly, and the place is clean. Very cute and small inside.We used the GPS to get us there quickly with no problems.
3	The thin crust is fine, but the sauce is too sweet. It's the kind of pizza that teenagers will like, but grownups shouldn't settle for.
5	Uhhhh yum! It's Spinatos!! Been coming for years! The pizza is the bomb! I pretty sure it's in the sauce! The pizza is a thicker Chicago style pizza and it's soooo good! The caesar salad is great too! The place is cute and small and the staff is friendly and attentive!  A must for Phoenix!
2	Went for the first time this evening. Cute place with a nice, clean cozy atmosphere. Friendly staff, but not overly helpful. The cheesy garlic bread was incredible - YUMM! My only complaint is the actual pizza. We got the thicker crust and it tasted really dry and hard. The pizza sauce is also way too sweet. It tasted more like a dessert some bites. They put so much sauce on the pizza that you can't get around tasting the sweetness (underneath and on top of the actual toppings). Too sweet for me, but maybe you're into that? Decent price ($30 for three, all got sodas, medium pizza and app to share).Overall I wouldn't go again, but would recommend to someone who likes sweet saucy pizza.
5	I went to the Cubs new spring training stadium the other day and unfortunately the game was cancelled due to rain. (I know rain at spring training in Arizona, wth).  Anyways my family and I were starving so went to yelp and found that this place was less than 5 minutes from the stadium.  The only complaint I have is it's easy to miss this place but besides that the pizza was amazing.  Honestly some of the best I've ever had, no lie.  We ordered the bread with cheese for an appetizer and it was bomb.  When then ordered the family Caesar salad which was good but the pizza.    We got 2 small pizzas, the spinach mama's special and the meaty.  I kinda like spinach but it sounded good so we went with it.   I am so glad we did because I didn't think I could love spinach that much.  I honestly wish I could have another slice now as I type this.  The meaty one was good too.  Some how we saved room for dessert and we got the cannoli and the brownie with ice cream.  Both desserts were great too.   So if you're in the mood for pizza you have to check this place out.  Enjoy!!!!
5	Spinato's has, by far, the BEST pizza I've ever had. Their spaghetti calzone is my absolute favorite. The Tempe location in particular has a wonderful atmosphere. The staff is friendly and really makes it more of an experience. It is a little tricky to find the place unless you've been there before. But once you find it, you'll keep coming back!
5	Great place to eat! We have been here twice now and both times the food was exceptional!
5	The best pizza in Tempe! I've only ever had the Signature spinach pizza and the L'Italiana pizza, and haven't been able to branch out past these two.. They're both amazing. Their Greek salad with Italian dressing on the side is also awesome.
2	The pizza was ok. The sauce was pretty sweet. The wait was 30-35 minutes but it was totally fine, we just sat outside and waited. The guy who was our server seemed a bit...off but he was prompt with service. Not sure if I'll go back.
4	We were dropping off my daughter at ASU and was looking for a place close by. We came across Spinato's. Hidden in the business park but found it cause of all the cars. This is a very small place and were seated right next to the window with the light shining in our eyes. They were nice enough to pull the shades down. We ordered the Family Caesar Salad with grilled chicken. Huge bowl and we had plenty for all four of us. Salad was crisp and lots of chicken. It was really good. We ordered the thin crust Chicago Pizza which came with home made sausage and green and red pepper mix. Such a really good pizza. Sausage was really good and the peppers were really good. We gobbled it all up. The service was really good. She was really quick with our drink orders and filled them up in a timely manner. She always asked about our meal and they exchanged our plates when we finished our salad. Always looking out for us. We left and my daughter left her keys on the table and they ran outside to make sure we didn't forget her keys. Very cool. Good pizza, good salad, good service. Do you need anything else? I think not. So enjoy.
5	Ordered a small "special" pizza for carry out, and I must say it may have been the best pizza I've ever had. The tomato sauce is definitely made in house. The pizza was very filling, being a thin crust, it had more qualities of a pizza and less of cheesy bread or flat bread feel like most places i've been to have.To top everything off, the service was amazing. Very polite, efficient, and genuine. Definitely recommend this place to anyone with a real taste for Italian!
5	My son and I where visiting from California and we love pizza. We came to Phoenix with his travel baseball team and after a game we where both craving some good pizza. Where I'm from there isn't much variety, I'm so used to Pizza Hut and me n eds that a local owned place like this was appealing to me. We ordered a medium pepperoni/ Canadian bacon pizza and garlic bread. When we got it back to the hotel and opened it up I was surprised to see that the pizza was cut tic tac toe style..lol different. The first bit a took I couldn't believe how sweet the sauce was and the pepperonis where amazing! This instantly become the best pizza I've ever had! The garlic sticks where ok.. Good but nothing special. The pizza is what really shined. I was impressed and now that I'm back home all I want is to taste some more!! If you find yourself driving around Phoenix looking for a good pizza place to eat in or take out. Please give this place a try! You will not be disappointed...
4	Came into town for business. I wanted to try this place after reading other reviews. I am glad I tried this place out and was not disappointed. I ordered a thin crust small pepperoni pizza. The crust was crunchy and delicious. The cheese and pepperoni was very good. I especially love the zesty taste of the tomato sauce. Sauce was very sweet and I really liked it. The place is hidden in a small business park so use GPS when trying to find this place. The restaurant is small but very cozy. Staff was very nice and always checked on me and other customers. I wish they would have had TVs to keep me occupied while waiting for the pizza to come out. All in all, I highly recommend this place for any visitors that come in town as well as locals. I know next time I am town, I will come back again!
5	Saw an ad for this place while at the Cubs vs Angels game and decided to give it a shot post game! Best decision ever! It's a little hole in the wall pizza place so be careful or you'll drive right by it. By the looks of it the wait can get pretty long depending on your party size. We got there at a pretty decent time so the wait was about 10min. Friends and I order side salads (Greek & a caesar) and a medium Chicago Pizza! It was amazing! We inhaled our food (we were pretty hungry since our last meal was brunch) Service is amazing. Mary (I think) was our server. She was super friendly and really makes sure you're enjoying yourself. Will definitely come back next time I visit Arizona!
4	Definitely coming here again!! Thanks to two of my friends for introducing this place.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place. I am glad I came. Customer service is amazing!! treats every customer like family. Kudos to Maria!! Didnt have spaghetti pasta at this particular location but the spaghetti calzone was a great alternative! And they even gave my baby the cutest shirt ever!!
4	What a great little find thanks to Yelp!  There were 3 of us and we had a family sized dinner salad for a little over $10 with an excellent pomegranate dressing. Then we had a large pizza - The Spicy Italian, which was awesome!  The meat was very good and the crust was excellent on the thin crust.  We will definitely be back!  Out waitress was super nice too.
5	Great pizza.The sausage is excellent. What I like the most about it is that as the pizza cools at the table it still tastes superb. We used to go to Grimal**, but their pizzas gets too cold at the table and loose their appeal. I like the sweetness of the Spinato sauce.We took our newborn their one time and they gave us a free mini T-shirt for the baby!I always go during lunch because I've heard the crowds get out of hand on the weekend.
2	A little overpriced.  You can get literally twice the food for the same price at Oregano's and it's way better.  Pretty disappointed it didn't live up to the hype.  The sweet sauce was not that great either.  Tea was pretty good though.
5	While visiting Phoenix, we found Spinato's on Yelp and placed an order for pickup. We ordered the Signature Spinach and the Get Meaty, which were ready exactly when they said. We were blown away!!! Have tried some other places in Phoenix that people had raved about but this blew all of them out of the water. Seriously amazing!!!!
5	Freaking outstanding pizza!  It's a treat whenever I go. The atmosphere is very classic Italian.  My favorite pizza is the famous spinach pizza.  Even if you consider yourself a carnivore, I highly recommend trying this pizza out.
4	Ordered pizza and a side salad from here to be delivered to the Sleepy Dog Brewery right down the street  while I'm in town for work.Person taking my order over the phone was friendly and energetic. Pizza took a bit longer than I would've expected to be delivered to a place a mile away, especially since it was a Tuesday night.The food itself was very good (I had the thin crust Chicago) and I was happy to share it with another patron and staff at the brewery. Would eat there again if I were back in, although may try it out dining in or something.
5	Nice family-owned atmosphere. Best pizza in AZ. Hands-down. Four words: Spaghetti and meatball calzone.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!!! Pizza is sooo good. A friend of mine took me here for the first time and I have been hooked ever since. Great food and really friendly staff. The only thing I don't like is that the whole restaurant shares one bathroom.(me being a germ a phob) lol. But the pizza is soo awesome. I normally like to get the pizza with extra suace on top. Sooo delicious.
4	We had the spaghetti calzone and it was delicious! The antipasto salad was just ok, probably wouldn't get it again. The restaurant is pretty small but it fit our group of 11 just fine. Our waitress was great and didn't complain at all for having to split our check 10 ways!
4	I am new to Tempe and have been finding where I can successfully eat gluten free.I had their  signature fresh spinach pizza on gluten free crust.  It was quite tasty.  The crust was not seasoned and not as thin as I used to get back home, but it was good and I would order it again.   I had this delivered so I can't speak on the ambiance, but the people on the phone were very nice and it was delivered quickly.
5	Great pizza! I came here for the first time a few years back when my father in law brought me. I have not had better pizza in the valley. I prefer the thin crust over anything else. The only issue I have had was with the salad, it was a little plain.
5	Planned a get together for 3 friends birthdays and one friend recommended this place!!  Our party got bigger than expected and none of us have been here so didn't realize it would be small according to Fred the manager when I called to RSVP. Much to my surprise it was very comfortable even for being small!  Fred was amazing to get my party of 18 in and seated quickly. Our server was extremely accommodating.  I loved the fact you could order personal portion sizes!  It was the perfect portion. My Greek salad was fantastic. The only thing not wonderful was the sauce was a tad on the sweet side for me. I like for of a tangy sauce but I will go back and try the marinara next time instead!  We will be back!!!!  Thank you Fred and staff!!!!
5	Pizza sauce is sweet and amazing. Get the deep dish. It's not really deep dish but it's still very good. Get over the location and seating area for the food. Price point is good for the quality and quantity you get.
4	My wife and I have been here a few times over the last couple months and it has been consistently good, if you can find it! The exterior of this location makes it seem like Mr. Spinato is in the witness protection program or something as there is no signage. From the street I would have expected to find a medical supply store or some place that makes trailer hitches - anything besides a really great pizza shop. Now I just look for the tool company across the street. The interior of the place is inviting and comfortable in exactly the same way the exterior isn't. We have only tried the pizza here so far but it has been consistently good. We like that the sauce here is less sweet than at other Spinato's locations (or at least the bell road location) and the service has always been really friendly and quick. The place is a bit small inside so be prepared to wait.
5	This pizza is so good it should be illegal.  I am a huge pizza snob and this pizza is almost perfect.  Their homemade Italian sausage is amazing - this is what sausage is supposed to taste like!  The sauce is sweet in a really really good way.  Cheese is delicious and the butter crust has a nice flavor.  The only critique I have is the crust was a little softer than I like on a thin crust. Their pizza is pretty expensive for carry out and even though its worth every penny, it's a bit disappointing because 2 large thin crust  pizzas for carry out would be about $45.  That's way too much!  If they were a little less expensive, I'd be there once a week!
5	Their garlic bread with mozzarella is so delicious! The spaghetti calzone and the super six pizza are amazing as well! Service was great and the atmosphere was cute and intimate. It can be hard to choose from the menu full of great options, but it doesn't look like you can go wrong with any of them!
5	I've finally found a pizza that reminds me of back home. I don't want to speak for everyone in the Chicago land area (because we're a bunch of pizza snobs) but this one is it. Is it gourmet? Is it the best pizza ever? Probably not. And I don't mean that in an insulting manner. This pizza is something I would order on a Friday night to eat and watch movies. IT IS DELICIOUS. It has a good sauce. That sweeter sauce that I'm used to. The meat was good. For the first time ever, I'm happy that I ordered pizza from here. I also ordered the steak calzone with peppers and it was great. I will definitely order from here again. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable on the history of the business. Thank you!!
5	Wow. I could eat here for days and days. Thankfully, I don't or my blood would turn into that amazing, sweet sauce that they put on that beautiful crust. Spinato's has the best pizza in the Valley. Only better I've ever had was for $1 on a corner in New York. They have gluten-free options. My boyfriend swears by their sandwiches, but I refuse to try them because I just love the pizza too much. We also get the cheesy GF bread sometimes and it's delicious. They can even make gluten-free food taste amazing. Weird location, but they deliver!
5	Excellent gluten free sandwiches and garlic bread!!  About to try the pizza!!!Pizza was great!  I always find myself wanting a thicker Gluten Free pizza crust - but at least I can order a good pizza.  I had the "meatsa" pizza I believe it was called - it was great with the Roast beef on it.  Very happy camper - referred a friend the other day.
3	I had high hopes that I would really enjoy this. It's husband birthday and he loves pizza. All the positive reviews made us want to try it. 35.00 later and an entire box of sweet pizza "cake" and were heading home to find something to eat. The restaurant was really cute and the staff and service was great. However the thick pizza crust and sauce was really not good at all. The sauce was extremely sweet. And the thick crust texture and taste was bland. Certainly will not return. If you want great pizza stick to oreganos
5	I ordered a small 11 inch vegetarian special pizza for lunch planning to keep half of it for dinner.  The pizza was so good that I finished it. Would recommend this place and I will be coming back.
5	GREAT FOOD!  GREAT SERVICE! GREAT PLACE THAT ACCOMMODATES GLUTEN ALLERGIES! Went here for lunch today, with my partner and I, order a gluten free pizza: all pineapple, half shrooms,  and half pepperoni. Normally it comes out prefect! But not all masterpieces come out accident free. Ours came out with a head twist reaction and we didn't even have a chance to comment because our wonderful server immediately informed us that we would be getting a complementary pizza! Same exact one as we ordered! SCORE! Guess who didn't have to make dinner tonight!?  Even though the bite was just as magical as the others have been,  thank you Spinato's for being awesome and going above and beyond! Definitely a GREAT experience!
4	Very hard to find gluten free pizza that is worth eating, but spinatos was pretty good. I really liked the GF cheesy garlic bread cause it was thick and chewy like real bread. I thought the crust on one of our GF  pizzas was over cooked because it kinda crumbled as you took a bite. The Nicole's new favorite was the other one we got and it was tasty. They were fast and friendly over the phone. But next time we won't get delivery, took a while and ends up costing more.
3	Taste: tastes really good. I wouldnt do the delivery option again because i have always gotten soggy pizzas (twice). Maybe you might have more luck than me. I always ordered their thin crust pizzas. I dined in once and the pizza was well done.Everything is sweet ! Maybe that explains the popularity of this place. I am an immigrant and find everything in America to be too sweet. The tomato sauce is sweet. The bread is sweet. The cheese is on the sweet side.Just from the health perspective, i would go here again. But hey, if you like sweet stuff and greasy food, this is the place for you. The food wont disappoint. Pretty tasty !
5	Another gem found thanks to Yelp.  I had the baked spaghetti calzone, my wife a half/half pizza. All I can say is WOW on both of them. Excellent flavor, quality ingredients, served by a most awesome waitress Maria. This is the original location and the original of anything is always the best place to go. No alcohol served, just good food by good people. Put it on your list, you won't regret it.
5	Literally the best pizza I've had in Arizona... Thanks a lot Spinato's, now everything else tastes like crap. ;)
3	Decent pizza, but not great.  Garlic cheese bread was mediocre.  Apple pastry dessert was pretty damn good.  I give the experience 3.5 stars.
5	This place is legendary. Quite possibly the beat pizza in Arizona. The sauce is just like the pizza back home in Chicago. A definite yes for anyone from the Midwest looking to find good pizza out west. Don't even think about counting calories.....just enjoy your life and eat pizza!
3	I don't get it!  My review will probably anger some of the die hard Spinato's fans but the pizza was just ok.  I'm from New York so maybe I'm biased but I was thrilled to go to this place after seeing all of the great reviews.  The service was wonderful, I give them 5 stars for that.  The hostess seated me right away and the sever was a few seconds behind her.  Put the pizza was just pizza nothing remarkable about it.  Now for the "oh no you didn't" part....I also ordered the beloved spaghetti calzone,  it was ok, nothing I'd go back for again.  The calzone itself was constructed perfectly and the crust was good.  The filling was spaghetti,  tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese.  Interesting combo but not earth shattering.In summary the food was ok not awful. The service was stellar.  Don't have much more to add.
5	Beyonddddd some of the best friggin' pizza I have ever eaten!! Phoenix, OMG, can Dallas have this place? The crust is crispy and the Ingredients are beyond fresh! Looks a little shady outside but it's like 10 times better once you go in! Whoever owns this place, lets get a location in Tejas please!
5	The Excellent: * Spicy Italian, with added Feta and Black Olives. Yum. The good: * Price was a little high, but it was a delicious pizza... Price would have been better a few bucks cheaper. Delivery fee is high ($5). The Bad: * I had a hard time finding a current menu on their website - The link doesn't work. This lead me to order a thin crust pizza I didn't know was thin crust (I prefer thick). But hey it was awesome, so no big deal. Overall though, awesome pizza, and it hit the spot.
5	An amazing balance of flavor and texture in the six medium pizza. Perfect crust and an OMG experience with every bite. The pasta calzone is deliciously wierd that leaves me wanting more meatballs.I am only here on business but this place makes me wish that I was a local. Seriously folks, to all my fellow traveler's.  Skip room service and try this place.
5	After living in AZ for 4 years I finally found a pizza joint worth going to. Spinatos is a great place to get some authentic Chicago style pizza. We got a large thin crust pizza and it was delicious. We also got an order of Caesar salad which was great. Took about 30 minutes for our order to be filled. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Best pizza I've had in Arizona. The thin crust is the way to go. Their sauce is so sweet and amazing. Definitely will keep ordering pizza from here. Cute place but could easily pass by it. 5 star for sure
4	Great calzone!
5	Amazing GF pizza. Worth the long wait times.
5	We have been to Spinato's quite a few times and have liked it everytime. My daughter has Celiac disease, so she hasto have gluten free pizza,and feels that Spinato's has the best gluten free pizza. I have had pizza also there that wasn't gluten free and it was delicious each time. Friendly and fast service makes it an enjoyable place to eat..
3	Delicious pizza, horrible service! I've always come here and been excited to bring someone new to my favorite pizza place in the valley (their unique pizzas really are fabulous), but after several bad experiences with the hosts and waiters, I won't be coming back. Making any adjustments to the pizzas (even due to health and allergies) has been something they've actually fought us on (pricing on regular and happy hour and accommodating ingredients) and it's been nothing but disappointments.
5	Great pizza.  Found this place when I was going to ASU in the 90's and still go.  They have several more valley locations now.
5	Had this place recommended to me several years ago after a band practice and knew instantly I'd be coming back all the time. I'm a big fan of pizza and theirs is incredible, they also make the best meatball sub you've ever had. But the best part has GOT to be the staff. They're so nice and helpful. Like... crazy helpful. A few weeks ago my brand new bike was stolen just outside the restaurant, and they were so determined that within 30 minutes they'd found security footage of the guy and it couldn't have been more than an hour after the crime that they called me and told me they'd retrieved the bike! Somebody call Nic Pizzolatto - the folks at Spinatos are the real True Detectives.
5	We love love love this pizza!  I'm not usually a fan of thin crust pizza, but the sauce they use makes this pie absolutely delicious!  The sauce is quite sweet and makes for a taste that I've never had with any other pie.  They have jars available to purchawse of their popular saucewsw, so I think I'll come back and stock up!  There is a handy take-out and pick up window as you enter.
5	Great pizza! Strong Italian flavors and combinations. They have the Best Gluten Free pizza and garlic bread. This is also a great place to go for a meal - great atmosphere.  I work about 2 miles away, so I was so excited when they started delivery! :)
5	They have the best reservation system. You get s text with your reservation time with the option to cancel and then a text and a call when your table is ready, ofcourse the pizza is awesome and totally worth the wait.
5	This place is hands down the BEST pizza in all of Arizona! Staff is amazing & always so friendly. I hope they are around forever.
4	Such a shame that the restaurant closes at 8 on Sundays cause I honestly felt really bad about getting there at 6 and felt like I had to rush through my dinner so I couldn't quite enjoy it as much as I wanted to, but regardless, their pizza is phenomenal.The salads are okay.  I wasn't a fan, but it was an obligatory salad in preparation of feeling guilty for the next week or so cause of all the Thanksgiving feasting, so I ate it anyway.  We got the signature spinach pizza along with the meaty pizza, both in mediums, and it fed the 5 of us quite well (and trust me, we know how to feast).  The slices are cut in little squares which make it real easy to lose track of how many slices you've had.  That, and the fact that their pizzas have this delicious sweet sauce, giving their pizzas a unique taste you can only get at Spinato's.  And they are good.  So good that my boyfriend's brother came out from California last year to visit us, fell in love with Spinato's, and this year, made it a point to stop by Spinato's again this trip.  Definitely stop by if you haven't tried them already!
5	Best pizza and calzone in the area.
5	This place has been long time favorite. Service is always good and the food is great.They have a happy hour that features $3 appetizers. My favorites are the meatball trio in vodka sauce and the garlic cheese bread.
5	Quite simply the best Pizza in Arizona. Tops on my list in the nation. The sweet sauce blends perfectly with their delicious crust. I love this place.
5	oh the pizza the sauce is sweet but i love it even can eat it cold the calzones are great too its a little pricey for pizza so its a special occasion but so good
4	Had a really good experience. Was in town visiting and my dad took me here. Great tasting Pizza and their happy hour menu rocked. Their garlic bread mozzarella is to die for, their sauce is a bit tricky and isn't regular Pizza sauce, it's a bit sweeter, I have it a4 start because I wasn't 100% crazy about the sauce but I'm also very picky lol. I recommend trying this place out.
5	The cheesy garlic bread is a must have!  We had a large pizza and it was amazing!  Cooked to perfection and loaded with flavor. This may be my new favorite pizza place!
5	Pizza is aaaaaamazing.  The calzones are delicious too.  The spaghetti stuffed calzone is awesome too. This place is a must go if youre in the area.  Actually I'm sitting here for my second meal within a week
5	I'm a regular at the Tempe location and have turned many a co-worker and friend on to this place. Everything on their menu is delicious. My favorites are the entree sized MAMMA'S ANTIPASTO salad and the TOASTED DA VINCI sandwich. The cheesy garlic bread is a MUST HAVE each time you go. They have a lot of gluten free options, although I have not tried any.The Tempe location is small and gets busy during the typical lunch and dinner times, but it is worth the wait. Portions are large. Happy hour menu is everyday from 2pm to 6pm. Same great food from $3-$8. You can eat dinner from the happy hour menu and still have leftovers to take home. (Tempe location is closed on Mondays)My family and I just ate at the Ahwatukee location on 1/3/15 to see if it was as good as the original Tempe location. The food and service was excellent. Bobby G. was our server and he treated us like family. He is really good with kids and gave excellent recommendations for combining appetizers. This location is much larger and serves alcohol.
5	What a wonderful find this was for me!   Here I had no idea this place was even here.It is tucked away down a side Street near Tempe Market place.I really wanted some good Italian Food. I feel like I can never find good Pizza in the Valley.  This is it! Wonderful, fabulous, just what I wanted Pizza!The crust is delish, the sauce is awesome.  Nice and Hot , on a cold day. I am so looking forward to going back here.We loved our server as well. Great customer service. I do not think you would ever find it. unless you knew it was there. I am so happy I found it.Lots of parking all around the lot.A true simple, and delicious Italian food restaurant. What more could you want??
