5	So we ended up in Montreal Chinatown from Old Town cos the restaurants there felt too much like tourist traps and the restaurant we really wanted to try was booked solid.It was late and there were a few restaurants still opened.  The streets were very quiet.  We went into the restaurant next door to Beijing Restaurant Inc but RAN OUT as soon as we saw their LUMINOUS sweet and sour chicken!  You probably could use it to illuminate your way out of a coal mine with that!!!!!!!  Was not too keen on Beijing Restaurant cos I am not a fan of northern chinese food (think thick doughy chewy dumplings!)- but then I was tired and hungry and I really did not want to walk around looking for food.  So it was off to Beijing next door.Think the restaurant was named "Beijing" to sound Chinese but the food is more cantonese hong kong type cooking - nothing to do with northern chinese cooking or Beijing for that matter.  The owner spoke cantonese too.  So it was a good thing we walked in.The food was excellent.  The portions were also huge so you are better off ordering just one dish per person for 2 or even share 2 dishes amongst 3.  Plenty!  The beef dish was tender and had that cooked over a high flame taste.  Yummy.  The fried shashimo with salt and peppers was delicious!  The congee was smooth and comforting as well.  Yum!  The free dessert of cut orange slices was a good end to a terrific meal.The decor is simple but the place gets kinda crowded and you may be asked to share one of the bigger tables.  Was there late at round midnight and they were still doing a brisk business.  Great tip - they are opened till 3 am!  It seems like a lot of people come in for late night supper takeaways too.Quality is excellent quality and the prices are reasonable for the quantity as well.
4	So we ended up in Montreal Chinatown from Old Town cos the restaurants there felt too much like tourist traps and the restaurant we really wanted to try was booked solid.It was late and there were a few restaurants still opened.  The streets were very quiet.  We went into the restaurant next door to Beijing Restaurant Inc but RAN OUT as soon as we saw their LUMINOUS sweet and sour chicken!  You probably could use it to illuminate your way out of a coal mine with that!!!!!!!  Was not too keen on Beijing Restaurant cos I am not a fan of northern chinese food (think thick doughy chewy dumplings!)- but then I was tired and hungry and I really did not want to walk around looking for food.  So it was off to Beijing next door.Think the restaurant was named "Beijing" to sound Chinese but the food is more cantonese hong kong type cooking - nothing to do with northern chinese cooking or Beijing for that matter.  The owner spoke cantonese too.  So it was a good thing we walked in.The food was excellent.  The portions were also huge so you are better off ordering just one dish per person for 2 or even share 2 dishes amongst 3.  Plenty!  The beef dish was tender and had that cooked over a high flame taste.  Yummy.  The fried shashimo with salt and peppers was delicious!  The congee was smooth and comforting as well.  Yum!  The free dessert of cut orange slices was a good end to a terrific meal.The decor is simple but the place gets kinda crowded and you may be asked to share one of the bigger tables.  Was there late at round midnight and they were still doing a brisk business.  Great tip - they are opened till 3 am!  It seems like a lot of people come in for late night supper takeaways too.Quality is excellent quality and the prices are reasonable for the quantity as well.
2	This place is only packed and busy because tourists are directed here for Chinese food....Stay away, greasy and not that great.Service sucks ass too... took 15 minutes before anyone came by to take our order.Bah.
4	I love Chinatown in Montreal, as most places can do no wrong. This place was no exception. Very busy on a Sunday night and 5 of us were able to sit quickly. We started with a delicious seafood egg drop soup which we all (there were some picky eaters among us) scarfed down. On to the entrees of some sort of fried squid (delicious!), general gao's (sp?) chicken, beef and broccoli, and I can't remember the rest because it all put me in such a food coma. All very yummy! Chinatown is definitely a neighborhood to hit up when in QC, and this restaurant is one of many to check out!
3	Very tasty Westernized Chinese food.The servers were pretty attentive and the food came out quick. Err...came out of the kitchen quick, that is. (Always important to make that distinction with this type of cuisine.) Kristen F. and I hit this place with her aunt and uncle and my boyfriend for some dinner, laughs and a solid food foundation before a night of bar-hopping. Although I was initially concerned with the amount of food ordered, it turned out to be plentiful. (Also turned out that I had been so intent on ordering I had not heard a couple dishes...) I really enjoyed the baby bok choy. I am on a bit of a "superfood" kick and bok choy repeatedly graces such lists and although it was drenched in sauce, I am sure there were some outstanding health benefits. Also consumed were beef with broccoli, General Gao's chicken, fried squid and lo mein. I was a huge fan of the fried squid as the chunks were easily an inch thick. Of course, this also meant it was a bit heavy. The beef with broccoli was a bit bland and droopy, may have been cooked too long. However, there was plenty of food to consume in its place.Boo to no scorpion bowls but yay for Tsingtaos. The bill came to about $90 CAD. Not too bad if you ask me.
4	Very good chinese food. We had soup, rice and noodles and everything was very good. service was quick and pleasant although somewhat businesslike. Prices were cheap too (less than $ 30 for lots of food that we had to take home). I'd come here again.
5	I am been a regular at Beijing restaurant for many years.A good friend of mine introduced to me to the place about 10 years ago and i still go there as my restaurant of choice in the Montreal's chinatown.Everything  I have tried over the years on theirs menu has been great.That place is wonderfully quirky and fun.  A few highlight on their menu. The sizzling lemon chicken is a *MUST* the chicken comes to you litterally sizzling on a small iron cast skillet, the sauce is incredible good and just prefectly balanced to the perfectly friend slivers of chicken. Their Soups feature 2 incredible one their hot and sour is the one I judge all the others I sample and in the cold winter night they have a cream corn chicken suit that just melt inside you and make you feel like you are conforted by a warm blanket.On also have to write your own order on  small paper and pencil (provided to you when you enter). We generally order a plate of food per guest and share all around. (their plate of food are generous and plentiful to share)On the downside, the service can get a little slow if you go there for a major meal, as the place can get litterally packed. So try to avoid it at main 'rush' hours for meal. or be prepared to wait to sit and wait a little to sit and get your order.   But the food is well worth the wait.
4	Referred to Yelp for a quick meal after a long trip into Montreal, that was close to the hotel.  Restaurant Beijing was literally around the corner.  There were six of us and we ended up ordering something different each and then just eating family style-like.  Everything was good and I was most impressed with the fried dishes as they were not deep friend and heavy, but lightly pan friend and you could taste the chicken/shrimp.  Of course it is typical "Western" Chinese and what one would expect to find in the States at non authentic restaurants.  Service was very good, especially when one of our friends got sick and had to head back to the hotel (not from the food!!).  Prices were on the low side especially for the amount of food served.  Down the block from the Place d'Armes metro station.
3	We came here with lots of people after a conference across the street at the Palais de Congres de Montreal. We got a large multiple course meal that was both celebratory and delicious. Although the weather was very rainy, the food kept us warm and comfy. They could use a bit of an upgrade in decor, but overall it was a nice meal.
2	Three words. "Westernized Chinese Food". If you're looking for authentic Chinese cuisine, you're going to the wrong place. However, if you're looking for plates of meat bathed in sweet and sour sauce, soups laden with enough monosodium glutamate to kill a baby elephant, and tacky decor featuring dragons on every piece of furniture, then you'll be happier than a pig in shit at this joint. Most of the restaurants in Montreal's Chinatown are designed to cater to clueless tourists. The "Chinese" restaurant does not even serve a mostly Asian clientele. Most of the people eating there are individuals whose only other Asian culinary experience was eating $2 chow-mein smothered in peanut butter while they stumbled home drunk from a random club. Seriously, if you want the real culinary experience, look for restaurants with Chinese people. I'm talking about the restaurants that hang fucking animal carcasses in the display window, that perpetually smell of foul ingredients, and that have furniture so old you can't help but wonder what generation of their ancestors made this shit. You know to a great degree of certainty that people are not going to these because "the interior design is like sooo cool!" No, they're going there cause they know from experience that these places serve awesome food.
4	This place is tiny but fantastic!  The eggroll I just ate might be the best one I have ever eaten!  The chicken and corn chowder as well as the chicken fried rice were both very good.  I'll come back here on my next trip to Montreal.
2	I was looking for a place that would take credit cards and I came across this place.  I ordered their beef stew noodle soup and it was nothing like the normal beef noodle soup you get at chinese restaurants.  It wasn't that bad, but it wasn't that great either.  It wasn't that flavorful. However, it was cheap ($7.10 canadian) for the noodle soup.But what I really dislike was that the staff was rude.  The woman who took my order was impatient and was annoyed at anything I said.  So I never want to go back!
4	Quick, good authentic Chinese food. The place could use redecorating but otherwise great affordable food.
1	I actually went there tonight thinking it was going to be a great night of chinese food (because of the high ratings) but was very disappointed. The food was not good, the service was very cold.I would not recommend it.
1	Been going for years and unfortunately been going down hill rapidly.The food is passable, service borders on rude but what has put the final nail in the coffin is the filth of the place!The carpets and seat covers are horrifically stained that is just plain disgusting. The bathroom is beyond reasonable standards if hygiene.This makes me believe if the owners can't be bothered to clean up the place, I should take my business to the many other local restaurants.There is plenty of choice in the area for Chinese food, don't waste your dollars in this place.
3	Typical chinese food, nothing to overwelm. We ate just before rush dinner hour on Sunday before labour day. Some vegetables did not seem that fresh. The restrooms could definitely use some cleanup and refresh!
4	Really enjoyed this place. The food was FRESH, the service was friendly and prompt. We were seated within 10 minutes of arriving on a Sunday night. We ordered one of their "meals" that came with a bunch of different things. Overall a pretty good experience.
2	The lunch here is mediocre at best.  Bland and unhealthy, the ambiance is nothing special.  The best I could say is that it's not very expensive (though you can walk around the corner north on Clark and get the same food for half the price).
1	Don't be fooled by the name, this is a Cantonese place. They are Zagat rated but I think that's only because there are hardly any actual restaurants in ChinaBlock. The service is unhelpful and beyond abysmal. If you want to be abused and have to beg for attention from servers, knock yourself out. Otherwise don't bother with this place!
1	Don't be fooled by the name, this is a Cantonese place. They are Zagat rated but I think that's only because there are hardly any actual restaurants in ChinaBlock. The service is unhelpful and beyond abysmal. If you want to be abused and have to beg for attention from servers, knock yourself out. Otherwise don't bother with this place! And don't order the snails, which come with weak little bamboo skewers to pry them out (good luck with that), or lobster which comes cleaved into chitinous fragments a la Hong Kong style, yuck!
2	After a bit of a wait, we were seated and I must say, they were very efficient.  They got our table ready and service was very prompt.  I think thats about how good they got.  The food was a whole different story.If I were to break a part the meal down, some part were good, and the other parts absolutely needs work on.  We had lobster congee and a bowl of noodle soup.  The lobster was great!  It was sweet and didn't taste fishy and the congee part tasted bland.The noodle soup.  The noodles were great, the soup base was salty, the meat was cooked til it was tough and there were hardly any veggies in the noodle soup.  This place is packed with tourist and locals compared to the other chinese restaurants that I walked passed.  Overall, it was ok, but I've tasted better.
4	Really enjoyed this Cantonese style Chinese. Decent Cantonese noodles, and great Peking Duck. In fact some of the best Peking Duck I've had in some time, and I've searched high and low for good duck :-)Get there early for lunch on the weekends, this place gets crazy fast!
4	Located in the heart of china town this place is great, we usually go for take out but the restaurant is nice and if you have a groupe of 4- more it is fun, there may be a wait as it is always busy.  We like to have the BBQ duck, and we always ask for either  baby bok choy or snow pea green in garlic, great way to get your greens.  The hot and sour soup is excellent and although it's only available at Christmas the snake soup is also very tasty.  Seafood and chicken meals are the best (have not had much luck with the beef dishes), the variety is key and this place has something for everyone.
4	Old school Chinese restaurant at it's best. If your a fan of Chinese cuisine this place is a must. You know it's going to be a good meal when most of the people in the place are Chinatown residents and most of the conversations around you are being held in Chinese. This is the kind of restaurant that lends it's self well to group outings, I always seem to eat here in large groups I find the round tables with and lazy Susan's make it easy to share dishes and try new things. The food here isn't always to my taste but that's more of a preference thing then a quality of food thing. I like Beijing because the menu has a wide variety of dishes, a little something for everyone, whether you want the old standards like General Tao chicken and chicken fried rice to pickled cabbage and vegetarian hot pots.The decor is standard old School Chinese restaurant chairs and tables out of the 70's, waiving cats and half the menu written on pieces of cardboard taped to the wall.  Until recently the menu items on the wall were only written in Chinese. The dated decor give along with the divers clientele give Restaurant Beijing a great ambiance.This restaurant won't disappoint, if you're looking for a good Chinese restaurant then Beijing should be on your list of places to try.
5	You should check them out for the new years menu, I was there for xmas one year and got to partake in Snake soup, ...not sure if they have something like that now, but they must have some good specials given the new year...enjoy
4	Got here at 1am and ordered about 5 items for 3 people...I thought the food was going to be typical "chinese" fare we're used to but the all our dishes were very tasty and not your typical take out style food. General's chicken tasted very good, asian noodles were also very well prepared. Rice was rich and flavorful with the right amount of seasoning. I think I'll revisit this place for lunch next time I'm in town.
5	Been going there for years...And frankly this is almost an institution as far as I am concerned.Upon arriving you are given a pencil and a sheet of paper of which you write down the number of your orders. then the server review it and the fun begins ...While I can't say I have tasted everything on their extremely extensive menu. I have sampled quite a bit.Here's my list of favorite :Sizzling lemon chicken : 'usually coming smoking hot from the kitchen on your table, the taste is incredible and a must have ... and I don,t usually like lemon flavored anything :)'Chicken Corn soup : if you are only 2 people or less order a small or medium bowl as the large... IS large ... That soup is the ultimate feel good food like a warm balnket in front of a cozy fire in the winter.Hot and Sour soup : one  of the dest I ever tastedSesame Beef ; General Tso Chicken : excellent and very fresh and good.Also a good sign a lot of asian people eat there !!.oh and with the addition you usually get a few slice of some of the best oranges I ever tasted... !While the decor may be lacking ; you go there for the food
2	Went to Beijing when everything else was closed around town...expected the quality of food would be better for a restaurant with about 25 people in it at MIDNIGHT.We had the orange beef and the general tao chicken...very very below par for this standard fare...Sauce's taste was off, very little meat in the breading and texture was bizarre.Expensive for that quality, place was overall ok, but would not go again.
4	I have been to this place a few times over the past few years. I love the food here and considering the demand prices are still good. Chinatown is packed with of course great options to eat out but this restaurant has earned its reputation of being one of the best ones in the town so you can see by the line up outside. Anyway I always come here for their beef tranch fries... Its not really listed in the menu, but you can always ask the waiter for salt and pepper beef with no sauce, or even customize any dish. Really. They have a potluck service going on so everyone is always helping your table not matter what and you wont feel left behind at all. I loved how my particular who made a point on smiling and nodding everytime he passed and asked if everything was okay, making sure he was attentive. And this happens consistently everytime I come here, any given time. The food itself is great! As a regular I always get the beef that I was talking about the corn chicken creamy soup and 2 sides that I always change around. One of my fav here is the cantonese fried chowmein. Its crispy with enough chicken around. Overall its great here to come check out after your done sight seeing chinatown or down walk from st laurent street :)
2	Let's make this point form. I'm from Vancouver raised on cantonese food.Flavor was on point all dishes, nothing to critique.But here was my issue with the dishes:Our winter Melon soup came with winter melon seriously under cooked.Our Yeung chow fried rice wasn't using day old rice and pees were rock hard (don't serve freezer burned pees & carrot ?)Satay hor fun: not enough noodles and onion was left in massive piecesMaybe I'm just spoiled from living in van, but stretching it I would give this place a 2.5Overall needs fresher & better quality ingredients in all dishes we tried.
4	We were looking for cheapish but good Chinese in Montreal and this ticked all the boxes, the only aspect that was not great was the wonton soup, wontons were too doughy, everything else was spot on. When you can walk away full and happy for $30 including a couple of beers that's a real win.
4	Ate here with my family. Loved the food. Much better than any Chinese take out I've had. To keep it simple we had the house special for two which we split among the three of us. They had no problem with this. Started us off with tea the the soup, spring rolls and then the main. In the case lemon chicken, mixed rice and a black bean shrimp dish. All excellent. Will definitely be back.
2	Not awful, but I have had much better. I just can't help but compare to Chinatown LA. I must give them credit for having chow fun... or as they call it chow ho. Good service a well.
4	Buddah chow mein for the win! So crunchy and yummy and the mushrooms on top are to die for; I could probably eat this dish every single day and not be tired of it. The sweet and sour scallops are also great as were the prawns nearly the size of my head. Service is efficient, friendly and they have the system down. The only sad part was that they were out of oysters that night and that's why I was told to go; cause no one does them like they do...so I will be back!
3	Seafood and tofu soup was very tasty although ingredients were at the "cheap end" of the spectrum.Chinese broccoli and Chinese mushrooms was a perfectly prepared dish and the broccoli was small and tender. My Chinese guests raved about this.Singapore noodles were well prepared and had just the right amount of curry.Schezuan shrimp was bland and tasteless. It wasn't spicy and the shrimp were tasteless, they had obviously used frozen cooked shrimp.Looking around you clearly have to choose your dishes carefully at this restaurant.Some looked great some looked like American Chinese take-away.
4	We visited Beijing on a Thursday night around 6:45 and only waited about 5 minutes to be seated, though the line grew quickly. Just FYI, you order by writing down the number of the dish you want on a piece of paper they place at your table and it seems like your waiter won't come by to take your drink order until you do so.Food: Delicious. Some of the best Chinese I've had.Hot and Sour Soup: This was the only disappointment. It was overly thick and lacked flavor.Soft Shell Crab with Pepper: Perfectly cooked and delicious.Egg Roll: The best egg roll that I've ever had. Crispy with fantastic fillings. The homemade sweet and sour sauce is wonderful.Dumplings with Peanut Sauce: These were very delicate, though the peanut sauce was a bit heavy and lacked the flavor of Thai peanut sauces.General Tao Tofu: Cubes of fresh tofu surrounded by an amazing golden, deep fried dough and a tasty sauce.Szechuan Fish: This was not what I was expecting, but was still great. Lightly breaded but fresh fish in a sweet and spicy sauce with crispy green pepper and onion. Normally I think green pepper is a waste of time, but this balanced the sweetness of the sauce and the dough nicely.Service: Fine. Friendly and prompt, though my fiance did have to order his beer twice.Ambiance: Lively (in a good way) but otherwise average.
2	As a San Francisco bay area resident, I thought it would be interesting to try Asian cuisine in Montreal's Chinatown District. Beijing came up as a highly YELP rated place. And, so we gave them a shot. Typical, super noisy, large open room, that has too many tables and chairs packed into it. We ordered the Chicken Soo Guy. The server described Soo Guy as a 'special Asian sauce" . . .UH, your typical sweet and sour sauce is not what I would call "special". . . sorry, didn't like it one bit. The spicy beef had a bit of flavor, but that was only because we asked for it to come out "SUPER" spicy. . . What's it like in the normal preparation?  All in all, I was not impressed with this place, and would not return.
5	Discovered this place accidently when road tripping with my friends.  Been back every chance I get when I'm in the area.  I live in New Jersey but every time I go to Montreal.  This is a must stop place.  Every dish on menu is amazing.  Especially my favorite dish.  Black Bean clams
4	After years of hearing about this place, I finally decided to go with my wife and parents for dinner and we were not disappointed.We showed up around 6:30pm, the restaurant was already pretty full. We were asked if we had reservations, we said we did not and the guy walked over to a table with a reserved sign on it and seated us. We were brought Chinese tea with our menus. The tea was surprisingly good. I find the tea served in most Chinese restaurants to be flavorless and glorified pale colored water, however this tea was full of flavor and was a welcome change.Once seated, we begin to look over their menu. There is plenty to choose from and there is something for everyone's taste and their menu has one of the largest selection of vegetarian options available that I have ever seen and was more than just something and tofu as you find in most places. We spent a few minutes picking our dishes and the waiter came over, confirmed everything with me about what I had written.My wife ordered a wonton soup, but it was enough for the both of us. My parents ordered a small Hot & Sour soup, that was more than enough for the both of them. Our main course consisted of General Tao Chicken, Shrimp Chop Suey, Seafood Fried Rice, Beef Chow Ho, and my father got a bowl of steamed rice.My mother was worried we didn't order enough, but than again she's always worried there will not be enough food. However, there was more than enough to go around and at the end of the meal, it was more gluttony that was making me pick at the plates, than anything else.My favorite dish was the Beef Chow Ho, it had a beautiful smoky taste to it, that was absolutely divine. The Seafood Fried rice was made up of small scallops, shrimp, and what seemed to be mock crab. The General Tao was good, but it could have been a little spicier for my taste, but it was nicely cooked and not soft and mushy like I have had at other places.All in all, for the four of us, with 4 Tsingtao beers, with tax and tip it came to just under 90$. If we hadn't had the beers, the price would have been a lot more reasonable, because the beers alone were 23$. The service was quick and the food was great. All in all, I look forward to my next visit to try some of the dishes I saw at other tables while I was walking out.
4	In a word, delicious. Started with a chicken and corn soup, and I couldn't get enough. Shared 3 other dishes that were all winners. With all of the incredible options in the area, I can't believe I waited so long to sit down here (have done take out before) and just enjoy their food fresh. I will definitely be back.
1	Liked this resto for black bean clams using real black beans. But last time we ordered it, the sauce was almost hoisin and soy sauce. Really bad. Not to mention clams were so much overcooked and not hot unlike before. The possibility that the dish was reheated leftover makes me feel awful. Also waiter didn't do anything but saying, "there are 3-4 cooks always in the kitchen." Hmm what does it have to do with overcooked hoisin clams..? Disappointing service.
4	Excellent place!!! Had the most authentic Hot and Sour soup, and the better cooked Chow Main. I would definitely recommend it!!!
4	Excellent Peking Duck and other dishes. Service is no-nonsense but polite and courteous. Highly recommend if you're looking for a solid Chinese restaurant in China Town.
4	Talk about nostalgic..the original Montreal Quartier Chinois hangout...the food is Classic Canadian Chinois
1	Blegh. How do I even begin. While good customer service shouldn't be expected in Chinese restaurants, I don't expect aggressiveness.After hearing so many great reviews for peking duck, I expected nothing less; however what we were served was in the pits of what we expected. First, for $34 dollars, it comes with a whole duck, 8 pancakes and what looked like a random vegetable satay with pieces of duck thrown in. I found it very odd that the waiter came out with whole duck sitting on the plate and immediately turned around and went back to the kitchen. 5 minutes later, the duck is "cut", and plated on top of extremely stale and greasy shrimp chips. The duck skin was scorched black and there were barely any meat. This led us to question if they really gave us the whole duck, and exactly how old the duck was. Judging by its skin, it looked like it was ready to thrown out anyway. We were surprised they would have the gall to serve this. The picked radish and carrots looked  like it had been cut by a 3 year old--uneven, chucky, hideous slices that had discoloured tips. When we complained about the duck, the waiter had a smug look on his face and said, "Oh, you want shrimp chips? No problem, we'll bring you more". Are you kidding? NO THANK YOU.We left the restaurant happy to not have supported such a terrible establishment.
4	Always very consistent Chinese food. A great variety of choices and all very good. I had the ginger lobster stir fried and it was good!  Had a very nice waiter and enjoyed my lunch very much. Moderately priced and a good bet when friends arrive from out of town. Great for groups.
1	As a Chinese, I have responsible to tell you this restaurant is terriable and do not go.  If this restaurant is in China, it won't service more than one month. They do not pay attention to cooking, and bad attitude to customer. If you  go, you are stupid.
5	Always amazing. I've been here wayyyyy over 30 times as I live (pt) lived (complicated )  in Montreal all my life. Found this place a few years ago. I asked a cop in Chinatown where is the best Chinese food- he strongly recommended Bejing - he was right,  it's the best place I have ever eaten Chinese food!!   When I'm in Montreal, or- when I get back, Bejing is in my top 10 most missed restaurants in Montreal!  Sadly I have not yet found anything comparable in Calgary...Ask for King George to (serve) help you- he's my ultimate favorite server!  I don't even have to order anymore he just knows exactly what I want!!  Enjoy everyone!!!
4	Visiting from the US with mom and dined here on 23 June. We're Chinese and have very high expectations of Chinese food. The food exceeded our expectations, especially my mom's, which is rare. She complimented the owner repeatedly for having food that isn't greasy, heavy on sauces, or too salty, things we're used to seeing in American Chinese food. I strongly recommend it!
4	Excellent. Get the salt & pepper squid and a cantonese lobster.
4	I work near to this place and have been going for a few years on and off. It's good for groups and their lunch special is very affordable! Tasty food too!If you go around lunch time try to go before 1145 at which time it gets a bit busier!
4	I really don't get why this restaurant only have 3.5 stars, where they should have at least 4 stars.They have good chinese food, and customer service is consistent and you can't expect 5 stars hotel service from a chinese, anywhere in the world.Price are relatively cheap and consistent.What's even better they open late and even later on weekends.
