5	Two words. Falafel sandwich.  To die for.  In fact, if I ever wanted to commit suicide it would be death by Haji Baba's falafel sandwich to insure that I would die happy.  Also, when they say pomegranate juice, they are NOT FOOLING AROUND.
5	I can't say enough about this place.  The food is wonderful.  I am half middle eastern so I grew up on authentic arabic food.  Haji Baba is the only restaurant I have found in the Phoenix metro area that is VERY comparable to my Grandma's cooking.  The hummus and tabouli are excellent.  And if I were to recommend an entree, it would have to be the Chicken Shwarma plate.
5	Note that I am rating this place based purely on their supreme/deluxe/whatever gyro, and that I've never actually sat down to eat here, just gotten my food to go. Now that's out of the way: sooooo goooood, and inexpensive compared to some other places that offer gyros!There's a minimum $5 purchase to run a debit card transaction, so if you don't have any cash, be prepared to buy dessert (poor you!)
5	In my humble opinion, this is by far the best Middle Eastern restaurant I ever been to. If you go there, then you must try the chicken shewerma combination. Killer!!!!
5	Haji Babba is amazing.  The food is cheap and delicious.  It's easy to "build" a meal by adding up a bunch of appetizers.  The combination plates are great too!  The feta cheese appetizer and falafel sandwich are my favorites.  You can't leave without trying one of the delicious varieties of baklava they prepare as well.  This is *the* place to enjoy Middle Eastern food!  The staff is charming and prompt.  The place gets very, very busy at lunch time, so plan ahead for work lunches.  The grocery store is pretty fun too, if you have time to browse around after you eat.
3	I'd eat at Haji-Baba if I was in the neighborhood and wanted something quick and filling.  Actually my favorite thing to get is over at the deli/takeout counter - the great selection of freshly made baklavas - almond, walnut, pistachio.  This is also a good place to pick up spices and other Middle Eastern groceries.Although I think I like the pickled papaya dish at the Vietnamese place in the plaza more, so my preference is to come here for the baklava afterwards.
5	If you want an authentic experience, if you really want to feel like you have some manner of ethnic experience, you need to come to Haji Baba.  It's a little middle-eastern market.  It's a corner grocery.  It's a family-run restaurant.  It's freaking good.  The hummus is pretty good, with fresh-made pita.  The feta cheese app is really good.  The chicken shawerma plate is top-notch, and my god is there a ton of food.  Heck, order the gyros plate for around $6 and when it arrives, mounds of succulent meat, tzsaziki sauce, rice and Greek salad, go ahead and take a bite before you decide to pull a Johnny Depp from Once Upon a Time in Mexico and go back to kill the cook because it's just too good.  It's cheap, it's filling, it's quality, and it's ridiculous that it's not packed from open to close.  Good ol' Haji Baba.
4	An excellent place to stop if you are in the Tempe/ASU area.  Their Gyro's are overflowing with some of the best Gyro meat I've tasted in AZ.The only reason it isn't a 5 star for me is the distance.  I live in the North West Valley, and it's a conscious, planned decision to go there.ASU Students rejoice. You have one of the cheapest, best tasting Mediterranean food joints in AZ right on your back doorstep!
4	FOOD: This place has some pretty good Middle Eastern food. The hummus was awesome, and the shawermas are always tasty. You get a lot of food on your plate. The meat is actually tasty, as opposed to a lot of places that just throw the some tasteless meat into the shawerma. If you want to try some good low-priced Middle Eastern food, this is the place to come. PRICE: Pretty cheap for all that you get. You can definitely spend under $10. ATMOSPHERE: I love the setup of this place! The restaurant is at the side of a small market that sells all types of Middle Eastern ingredients, foods, and snacks. If you enjoy what you eat in the dining area, walk five feet into the aisles and find the required ingredients! This place is actually run by Middle Easterners, not sure which nationality, but it feels authentic and not too Americanized. SERVICE: No complaints, but not the most outgoing or warm service.SKINNY: Go to Haji-Baba! If not to eat, then to shop for food! Great place for lunch.
4	I ate here today for the first time since I was an ASU student long ago - it was as good as I remember. Better, because i have a more sophisticated palette now.The hummus was yummus.The baba ghanooj nearly made me spooj.The tabouli ruled me.I love the olives. Real olives. Not from a shitty can. I am an olive snob. Trust me. Order the side of olives. Do it!Yes this review is shamelessly blatantly fishing for cool and or funny ratings.Give me one then go to Hajis.
4	Thank You Erica.O and Praise to Allah that I finally found some Baklava worthy of the sacred journey through my Gullet.Now onto the rest of my review, I met a friend for lunch, I started by ordering the Hummus and a Spanakopita (see pics) The hummus was good, although I didn't get the the thick fresh pita I saw everyone else eating? I guess you have to ask for the good stuff,  Newbie mistake #1, the pita I got wasn't too bad though.The Spanakopita wasn't all that it, tasted too "green" not enough flavor of feta, and by microwaving  it  the flaky crust became unflaky and jut soft and chewy, not good.I ordered the Vegetarian Combo she ordered the Shawarma plate (see pics) My plate had babaganoush, falafel (hiding under the tomato salad) Tabbouleh and 2 stuffed grape leaves served with a side of yogurt / tatziki sauce. I thought everything was really good and tasted pretty fresh except the grape leaves, they were atrocious, the rice inside was unrecognizable, it was so overcooked it completely turned to a mushy paste, bummer, grape leaves are my favorite. ( I will make them for us Andrea, I Promise)I wish I had more of their falafel I pretty much filled up on the tatziki, babaganoush and pita. Now I know what to get next time.So our waiter come over and says "Since this is your first time, I'll take care of the bill, just take your ticket to the counter"WOW~ Are you serious, how generous!!We wait in line, give our ticket to the guy and he keeps asking us to pay??? Well Apparently  there was a confusion of some sort, I don't know what the waiter meant by that, We though our lunch was going to be free.....it wasn't....but that's OK.That's when I ordered my baklava, one piece.........I go to the car to eat it and went back in for 2 more pieces.....YUM!!4 stars for the Baklava at least
4	I discovered the delights of Haji-Baba when I was in grad school at ASU (gulp) 10 years ago.  I decided to take the BF for dinner recently when we were in the Tempe area.  I was pleased that Haji-Baba has stood the test of time.The decor was exactly as I remembered it.  The market side was still chock-full of Middle Eastern staples.  The bakery case was filled to the brim with homemade baklava.  The dining area even had the same murals on the walls.  Very little has changed indeed at Haji-Baba in the last 10 years.Haji-Baba offers great value-for-your-dollar.  You get a large quantity of tasty food for a very wallet-friendly price.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't the greatest Middle Eastern food served in the US, but it's very solid.  There's a reason Haji-Baba has been a staple with ASU students over the years.  The hummus was tasty and so were the olives.  The Gyro Plate had so much meat on it that I had to take half to go for lunch the next day.  The gyro meat is very good here, but it's not the best I have ever tasted.  That was at Jimmy's Gyros in Mykonos, Greece.  But I can certainly make do with Haji-Baba.
4	Haji Babba is awesome. The food is good and very well priced, the falfel and the baklava are the best in town. Try it you'll love it. The dolmas, and gyros schwermas are excellent. The market is really cool too. They sells tons of flavors of hashish and beautifully designed hookas and at their prices you will never find yourself in paraphernalia or trails again. They also have excellent teas, boxed goods, dishes and all sorts of cool beauty products. It's a lot of  fun to walk around and look at everything while your waiting for your food.
5	I've been going to Haji Baba since '99 and I have NEVER been disappointed. Nothing that I write will do this place justice. I have had everything but the Kibbi (sp?). Their hummus is always spot on. The Fallafel is always crispy but maintains moistness. Their gyros are delicious. The chicken is beyond reproach. Afterwards its is always fun to peruse the store. Good prices all around!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	SUPER FRIENDLY, SUPER FASTSUPER CHEAPSUPER CHEAP. seriously. this place is the best place in all of the phoenix area for middle eastern food . it has been around forever, go here. much better than princess or all the awful middle eastern/turkish/ Mediterranean places on mill.. and dont even think about going to pita jungle across the street. ..seriously
4	I have always wanted to write one of these reviews as a letter to a personified establishment. Like the cool kids.Sweetest Haji Baba,I am so happy that I waited for you. Had I lost my falafel virginity to anyone but you I surely would have regretted it. Thank you for knowing I was ready to be deflowered. The taste of your falafel lingers on my lips when I think of that day.I thought we may be a fling, but you are so deep. You have two sides, delicious dining, and grocery I think I am in love. The way your staff is friendly and seem to actually appreciate my business leaves me longing for your sweet lunch.Your plate of olives is like a plate of olives, heavenly aroma building my hunger for you. Distance makes the heart grow fonder love, and next time I find myself in Tempe, we will be as though we never parted. Wait for me.Your dearest,Nathan "Bear Hands" S.
5	Their greek salad made me feel bad about every other greek salad I had eaten elsewhere.  It was brilliant.  I'm especially impressed by the fat feta cheese cubes.  It's like buying a huge salad and getting a block of cheese and side of olives for free.
4	The Haj is a dope spot.  You can shop here and eat.  It's very very affordable.  I like to hit it up for lunch when I'm short on ends.  They use the bomb feta, which you can buy in a tin.   It's Veg friendly, and their Gyros are good.  Thumbs up!
5	Haji is by far one of my favorite lunch places in the area. The staff is always on top of their game and the food is consistently great. Maybe the owners feed the staff hummus before their shift. I don't know what the secret is behind their food and staff but it's a fantastic place to go. They serve the most delicious tongue ever. Their lamb tongue is mild in flavor, very tender, and compliments a side of some of the creamiest and most flavorful hummus I've ever eaten. Haji-Baba is a great place to go for lunch and for authentic Middle Eastern groceries. If you haven't gone you're missing out. If you do go you have to try their tongue. As they say you won't stop talking about it.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times before.  The first time, less than two years ago, I ordered the chicken shawarma entree (complete with pickled veggies, hummus, garlic sauce, and pita).  Many of the chicken pieces were still uncooked that I could hardly chew it, and some were still blood-red!  When I started to complain about about this to my server, he acted as if no one has ever complained about the food here before.  He left, and he came back with whom I thought was the cook, who had acted even more offended about my accusation of the meat being uncooked.  He mentioned something about how everything is timed perfectly in the oven, but he offered to bring a new dish out.  Twelve minutes later (yes, I time these things), a slightly more cooked dish of chicken was laid out in front of me.  I decided I'd salvage what I could and just chalk it up to a bad day.  My favorite things in that entree were the pickled veggies and the garlic sauce.  Oh my... the garlic sauce!!  A few days after that, I brought my Mom with me for dinner.  We ordered the lamb kabob entree to share.  She wasn't impressed with the kabobs, since she had Byblos' lamb shanks on the brain (Byblos' lamb is pretty good, we think).  It was official- the hummus here leaves much to be desired.  However, I still thought the garlic sauce was fantastic!  Tastes great with the tabouli/tabouleh (both are correct).Fast-forward many, many months to two days ago, I decided to order take-out for Mom and me- chicken shawarma sandwich, no pickle (tomatoes, lettuce, and garlic sauce in pita); gyro, no pickle, no cucumber sauce (lamb meat and lettuce in pita); and gyro with everything for Mom.  Why did it take me all this time to finally order these sandwiches to-go?  Both types are must-tries: the shawarma is a popular choice of many here, and all it takes is one bite for you to know why.  The sauce and garlic schmear combo is to-die-for!  And one would think that a pita with only lamb meat and lettuce sounds too simple to be so tasty, but it is!  The meat is so moist and tender, you really don't need any condiment.  Trust me.  Heck, don't trust me and order one plain and one with the works and judge them yourself; Most of the sandwiches costs less than $4 each!  BTW, you may elect to have whole wheat pita instead of the plain normally used.  You may also take Haji-Baba pitas home (made at the Haji-Baba bakery on Apache east of the restaurant); you may find them on the register counter.  You may pay for your take-out in advance and then wait for it to be prepared, or you may want to check out the grocery aisles as you're waiting and pay for everything at the end.  I suggest the chocoholics check out the Swiss chocolate bars here!  I've tried a few brands, and I just love the Milka brand: milk chocolate with whole hazelnut, milk and creamy white layered, plain milk chocolate.  (I love dark chocolate, but couldn't find one allergen-free.)  The flavors are so creamy and you can definitely taste the great quality ingredients used.  There are cheaper brands sold here, but a not-so-quick glance (you may or may not find English among the five or so languages listed on the back) will reveal that other vegetable fat, not cocoa butter, is used.  Go for the "good chocolate" brands; At two dollars or less a bar, you can leave with a goodie cache without having to spend much cash.  You'll most likely find something in the grocery you'll want to buy, so don't forget to remember to pick up your take-out order.  The chances of you forgetting about food, however, are slim since that is all you'll be thinking of the moment you walk into the place... the food aromas are mouth-watering!
4	This place is always near the top of my list of places to dine when I'm visiting my old Arizona stomping grounds.  It's fast, it's healthy, it's cheap, and they have best pita bread around.  They have about 7836487236 different kinds of fresh baklava in their case by the register; I go for the pistachio, but you can't go wrong with any of them.  I always order the chicken kabob with tabouli instead of their regular green salad; their hummus is killer.  The restaurant is half-grocery store and half restaurant (well, more like 1/3 restaurant and 2/3 store), and you can get everything from henna and dry lentils and spices to fresh feta, freshly-baked pita and DVDs.  It's a one-stop Persian shop!  LOVE.
4	tasty, cheap and a grocery store.  also, friendly, fast service.the falafel sandwich is great, they make a mean foul medammas and like a million kinds of baklava!
5	What an absolute delight! Stepping into the tiny grocery/cafe, i was washed in delicious smells of curry and every imaginable spice. My dad chose this place for dinner as it conveniently sells leg of lamb (our family's traditional Christmas eve main course). Myself, my dad & mom, my sister and 7-year old niece found a relatively comfortable table and set up shop. While we waited for menus, my sister & I eagerly gazed at the shelves of exotic foods just a few paces away. After selecting a wide variety of menu items, my sister and I bolted for the grocery area while my dad entertained my niece. My sister found some curry pastes and I goggled at the biryani rice mix, the watermelon jam, and the super-cheap olive oil. I love places like this! Our meal came quite quickly, so we barely made it through the 3 small aisles. We rushed back to the table to dig in. I ordered a gyro on the side to keep for lunch the next day (was it really $3.50 for this massive thing??) My mom ordered a falafel sandwich (she's a vegetarian most of the time), dad started in on his shwarma sandwich (the beef was shredded and tasted like machaca; very flavorful!). My niece is a picky eater but our server accommodated and instructed the kitchen to create a "chicken-on-a-stick." She had a disbelieving, almost grossed-out, expression on her face when it was placed before her (it was basted in a mild yellow curry). After trying the meat, she devoured most of it (we were SO proud!). The piece d' resistance was the combo platter that my sis & I shared. Gyro meat with the lovely cucumber sauce, 2 falafel (some of the best I've ever had, light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth), a huge serving of taboli (sp?) salad, 2 warm dolmas (delicious!), an odd little tasty cake (i know it has a name but I'm too lazy to search for it) that had seasoned ground beef sandwich between layers of a slightly sweet wheat cake. Finally, my favorite, the deep fried beef eggroll. The meat was amazingly seasoned but the wrapping was that sweet dough. My sister described it as "pumpkin pie except with beef." Weird combo, but Divine!!! I'm going back & taking my friends....there are 5 kinds of baklava that we have to try!!!
5	Everyone's right -- there's not much of an ambience at this 2/3-grocer 1/3-restaurant nestled away in a stripmall, but what Haji-Baba lacks in ambience, it more that compensates for in fresh, delicious, authentic Middle Eastern food.  My boyfriend and I split the non-veggie combination platter, and everything was fantastic: the falafel was light and fluffy, on par with the NY street vendor fare I'm accustomed to, and the gyro was so delicious that I managed to finagle 3/4 of it away before he noticed there'd been more under a piece of hummus-y lettuce.I would not recommend it for a first date -- hipper joints like Pita Jungle across the street would better fit the bill -- but if you're in a comfortable relationship and craving a delicious meal after a long day's ridiculous lightrail experiment, Haji-Baba's got your back.  And your belly...
5	Can't beat it.  Best gyro and chicken shawarma in town!  The staff is nice and the prices are great.
3	Haji Baba is good. Not exceptional, but good. I don't understand all the fuss about this place, kind of like Fez where everyone raves about it and I just don't get it, so maybe it is me. There is no atmosphere to speak of, what so ever, not that its a bad thing. The place is sectioned off into two portions, one a dining area, and one a grocery store. We were seated at one of the tables in the grocery store, like.... IN the grocery store. No complaints here, I find something oddly comforting about eating in a place like this.The food was good, hummus though was very good. We had a nice array of salads, gyros, shwarmas, hummus, spanikopita, baklava, etc. All sorts of shit was at the table, and it was all good, but none of it made me go oh man this is the best I've ever had. I'd return for two reasons, one is the price. Dinner for 4 with more than we could eat was less than $30. reason two is the great service. We didn't more than 5 minutes for ANYthing. They are quick here, and very accommodating.
4	One of the most ironic things about this place is that it's a stone's throw away from Pita Jungle, yet they're completely different restaurants.At Haji-Baba the exquisite architecture and the scantily-clad waitresses, don't get factored into your bill. Basically because there aren't any.It's basically a dive attached to a market.I love the decor at Pita Jungle but I can't make that justify the food prices.You can order a appetizer at Haji's that can serve as your meal or just a simple gyro which comes served in tin foil.The iced tea is great and the baklava comes in more flavors than Baskin Robbins has ice cream.This place is also a fave of many college students.One thing I can't understand about Haji's is the service. It's kinda like they don't care. Clearing tables is more important to them than taking care of patrons already at a table. Many times I've gotten up and refilled my own drink. Prices are low, food is good but check the hours before you go. It doesn't keep standard restaurant hours and I think it takes Sundays off. Odd.
5	I stop in here about once every other week. I first discovered this place in the mid 1990's through an old friend. They have very friendly staff. The chefs are the best. I love their chicken kabob plate. I always ask for extra tomatoes and cukes on my salad. Also ask for a extra pita with a side of gyro sauce. Try dipping the chicken kabob pieces in the gyro sauce. Some people don't need "atmosphere" to enjoy really good food!! I think Haji would lose it's way if it was a place to see and been seen! Its better to just sit back, relax a little and savor the flavors. Expect about a 15-20 minute wait for that Chicken Kabob to arrive. Its never rushed and I have NEVER had to send anything back.
5	You know when you absolutely adore a restaurant and it's like they don't even know you exist? Like you're in some endless John Hughes film where you never, ever get to that final birthday cake scene? I hate unrequited love. But at Haji Baba, the feeling's alllll mutual, baby. No, really. They love me. I swear. Stop laughing. The bestest service, the nicest chitchat and the friendliest not-creepy flirting. And, of course, the most delicious hummus (with a pickle on top).OK, so maybe everyone gets the hummus. But does everyone get a big smile and a compliment from the kitchen staff? Maybe it's because I always stop by after work, gussied up in heels and other lady-things. Maybe it's because I tip on takeout orders. Always. Or maybe it's just because I shop the store like I mean it: canned goods, feta, olives, pita, maybe some naan, baklava, wacky Eastern European chocolate, baba ganoush, spices, pistachios, etc. etc. etc. Not to mention the dirt-cheap, super-tasty kebab, shwarma and koubideh. And while Haji Baba may be the Sam Schoeffling to my Molly Ringwald, Long Duk Dong has never made an appearance during my meal.
5	When I first moved to Tempe, I was told by my friend who has lived in Tempe all of his life that this was the first place I had to check out and had to get their Gyros. From a grocery store/sit down store? A place called Haji-Baba? On Apache and McClintock? What? Surely you can't blame me for doubting his convictions. One day we finally went in. I looked at the menu full of foreign foods and was overtaken by fear. "What is all of this shit?", I thought to myself. Of course, this was just a sign of how uncultured I was (and still am). Luckily, my friend took the work out of deciphering the menu and ordered a gyro for me. We got it to go. I opened up my gyro and saw huge chunks of meat. You know those places that have gyros with thin, insulting, child sized strips of meat? Yeah, this isn't one of those places. This is a gyro for a grown man. So, good start, right? I took a bite. It was... amazing. Their feta cheese, onions, and meat combined for one of the best foods I have ever tasted to this day. It was messy, juicy, the meat was packed so thick that it was difficult to eat (all positive notes), and wow, it was just brilliant. You know that feeling you get when you walk into BevMo for the first time and realize you're in alcohol heaven? When you realize you've stumbled upon something special and that you'll be back again and again? Yeah, that's the feeling.I ate at Haji Baba's again the next day. And about twice every week for a month afterwards. Later I learned that their "Deluxe" gyro is even better. I also discovered that they have some kickass foods in there. Special mention goes out to the chocolates..Unfortunately, I still haven't tried anything else on the menu. This is probably a result of a combination of me being terrified of the menu due to having no idea what those other foods are, and me internally weighing out the risk of eating an average or only above-average food as compared to eating one of my favorite food items in existence. Easy choice.I've never sat down to eat at Haji-Baba, but when getting the food to go there has never been a problem. The workers are friendly enough for satisfaction without being friendly to the point of irritation or perceived pretentiousness. There's also never a line and it's $3-4 for a Gyro. God damn I love this place.
5	While I was eating I thought to myself ah Haji-Baba is just a four star. The food was good, not blow my mind great, but good. What did it for me was the price, whoa I couldn't believe how cheap everything was. Insane prices! And decent food as well, with out a doubt worth trying for yourself.
5	Authentic (I guess... what do i know? ) middle eastern food.  Usually pretty crowded at lunch time tho.
5	Haji Baba's elegancy and efficiency is best expressed in a style mimicking Ernest Hemingway's famous six-word short story:Falafel sandwich. $2.99. Delicious. Bring friends.
2	Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.  I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.I love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.The meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.We then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.I took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.I did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.I was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.All in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.Oh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )Anyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.
4	good, authentic, cheap middle eastern food.  The restaurant is attached to a market so you can pick up some goodies for later as well.
4	As a Child of the Mediterranean- I personally did not like the food here, their baklava though MAKES up for it immediately! So skip lunch and go straight for dessert-I stop by Haji Baba to stock up on all the basics like pita bread, labne, tahini, hommus, spices, ect. Their prices are pretty good.Everyone is friendly at this store and willing to help you find what your looking for!
4	Busy, friendly service, good food, super cheap prices, awesome lemonade.  I think that about sums it up.  After 48 reviews I can't really think of anything that hasn't been said, or even anything witty or crude, so I'll leave it at that.  I had the kafta plate with rice and a lemonade for less than $10 and loved every bite.
5	Chicken shawerma...Chicken shawerma...Chicken shawerma...Sorry, I may have gotten a little distracted there.Every time I think of Haji Baba I think of three things: their chicken shawerma plate (which is to die for, as in, I would throw myself in the path of a bullet if it meant I could get some), their delicious lemonade, and the store that's attached to the restaurant which always has new discoveries.I don't get to go here that often since it's a little far away, and until recently the light rail construction traffic made getting there a pain. But when I do I get that chicken shawerma and I tell myself I can eat all of it. Then I eat half of it and box the rest of it up and have a delicious lunch the next day.I hope this place never closes. NEVER.
4	Had the regular sample plate and the vegetarian sample plate. Great hummus, falafel, and lamb. Chicken and gyro meat were ok but not awesome. I could not believe how tasty the meat was. Delicate blend of spices where no one thing is overpowering; a symphonic balance of flavors that melds perfectly. Their iced tea is refreshingly strong, with more than a hint of cinnamon. Guys behind the counter at the to-go/deli are quite opinionated and will not hesitate to steer customers toward their favorites. I like that.
4	Haji Baba is a top notch middle eastern grocery store and lunch spot!  They offer all of the Mediterranean favorites for a very reasonable price.  Although I have my favorite Mediterranean places for different dishes, I come to Haji Baba when I want a quick, cheap bite.  You can dine in for under $7 and get in and out in less than 30 minutes.  The ambiance is typical of the standard hole-in-the-wall middle eastern eatery.  During lunch time it gets busy, I have seen people waiting for a table to open up.  The wait staff is a loyal bunch that has worked there for years and it is always nice to see their familiar faces.  The hummus is good and the kalamatas are always a delicious treat.  I highly recommend ordering the homemade pita (not on the menu) with your hummus or your pita sandwich....Haji's finest:)  The Greek salad leaves much  to be desired as it consists solely of iceberg with the usual Greek veggies.  Eat here for the sandwiches or plates, not the salads.  In the grocery you can get a variety of inexpensive spices, olive oil, fresh olives, feta and many other tantalizing treats.  And don't forget to try one of the many different types of Baklava that they make as you are checking out!!  My favorite is the almond or the pecan....yummm!
5	their baklava is to KILL FOR !!! Some of the best I've had, and I've lived in the Middle East- Crunchy, Sweet (without being too overbearing), Flakey and Buttery Rich!! Pecan (not traditional) is my fav, followed by walnut, almond and pistachio -- They should have a pine nut version (snobar) made with real lebanese pine nuts !!! mmmmI limit myself to one piece, if I had it my way I would take the whole tray, but I want to fit through my front door so I'm keeping tabs!
4	This place is probably the cheapest middle eastern food in town. I love it. If you're on a shoestring (read ASU students), then you can have a meal here for under $5. I suggest the falafel sandwich (about $2.75, and filling) and maybe an order of babaganouj if you're looking for a complementary side. Delicious.
4	I managed to beat  the lunchtime crush of people heading to Haji Baba by about ten minutes.  I had already placed my order.  My plate of hummus and my yogurt soda was just arriving when I noticed the place was now packed, and a line of people was waiting for a table.Two obviously out-of-town ladies sat at the table nearest me.  They used loud, awed, slightly bemused voices that hinted they were from the Midwest and had never been "out West" before."... couldn't BELIEVE the TRAFFIC!" one was saying as they sat down.  "We waited fifteen minutes on the street before we could even turn into the campus!"  ASU was having their Student Load-In week; traffic was hellish anywhere near the university."It was no better when we unloaded Nicole's things," the other woman said.  "We were right in the middle of carrying in everything, and a security guard stopped us an told us we couldn't --""Would you like something to drink?" the waiter asked, surprising them both.They gave him their orders, after asking "what kind of pop" they had.  Definitely Midwestern.  The waiter walked away, and they continued staring at the menus as they assumed looks of deep confusion."What is ... shum ... shoe-marmy?""Shoe-arma?  Shuh, warma?""What IS that?""I have no idea.  But it comes in a sandwich.""Like, on bread?""It says on a pita.""Oh .... But isn't a pita a cracker?""What about ... baba gub .... Bana gaboosh?""Where?"  The friend pointed at the other's menu.  "Oh my.  Bagga boo ... goosh?  Excuse me?  Sir?"  I realized she was talking to me.  "Do you know what this is?"  She pointed at her menu."Baba gannouj," I said.  I kind of enjoyed the look of fear that crossed their faces, as though I were uttering a phrase that would summon a lesser demon.  "It's eggplant dip, kind of lemony.  Kind of like hummus.  You dip pita into it.  It's great."  As I spoke, I watched her eyes grow huge as she saw my glass of fizzy, thick white yogurt soda."I've never even HEARD of that!" the other woman said.  "What's this fluffoofal?"  "Felafel," I said, and the fact that I avoided laughing then should earn me some kind of award.  "They're fantastic here, lots of great spices ... have you had felafal before?"  They hadn't, of course, and I was at a loss to explain it.  I decided the shwarma or the gyros were probably too "exotic," so I recommended the chicken kebab pitas.  My koobideh plate arrived then, prompting another couple of baffled, wide-eyed stares.  I told them to be sure and get a couple pieces of baklava for dessert, since it's better, fresher, and half the price of anywhere else nearby.  They agreed, but I got the impression it was more due to the fact that they had heard of baklava before than my recommendation.Judging by the yummy noises coming from their table as they ate, they enjoyed their kebabs.I had to withhold a star, as much as I love Haji Baba, because it does not have the best shwarma I've found.  It's very, very good ... but not the best.
4	The cheapest and tastiest middle eastern food in Arizona. Period. There was a time I ate here 2 meals a day 3 to 4 times a week and I'm still in love 6 years later. Next to mahmoun's in NYC this is the 2nd best falafel I've had and the Gyro deluxe is freaking amazing. If you're coming for classy restaurant experience then what the hell are you doing at a market in a run down strip mall? The ambiance is that of an ethnic market/cafe which is awesome!
4	I have eaten at Haji's many times. The handmade pita is wonderful and the food is usually good. We have gotten the chicken shwarma, hummus, mixed paltter, gyros, olives, baklava, falafal, etc, etc. The thing that is a drawback for me is, well a couple: It is a restaurant on one side and grocery market on the otehr stide. The market is often cluttered and I am not overwhelmed by cleanliness. The other thing that really bothered me was the large jars of olives for people to serve themselves. I saw a guy reach into each of them with his hands and taste one from each jar. When I said something to him, he told me it was fine and basically blew me off. I thought it was disgusting and so I do NOT eat the olives! I have since taught myself to make a lot of my favorite dishes, but still love the bread. As far as handicap accessibility, I would have to look again, I know you must step up from the parking onto the sidewalk curb.Update, I went there a couple weeks ago and everything was hot or cold as it should be and delicious!!!!! Yum, I am ready to go back!!!
3	Well I guess I'm going to be in the minority here and say that I was somewhat disappointed.  Not too much, but a little.It is ridiculously inexpensive, and for the money, I thought the food was decent.  We started with the homus.  I didn't think it was great, but it was okay.  The pita bread it was served with was nothing special, similar to the pita pockets from any supermarket.  The Arabic bread my lunch was served with was much better, a soft flat bread.  I had the chicken shawarma plate which was served with rice and tabouli.  The tabouli was very good, although I don't much care for tabouli in general...or rice.  So I'm not sure why I ordered the plate instead of the sandwich.  Maybe I just wanted to see more food on my plate.  That sounds like me.  The flavor of the shawarma was good, but I was really disappointed in the chicken.  It was everything from larger chunks of meat to itty bitty little scraps, mostly scraps.  But again, dirt cheap so you can only complain so much.We also browsed in the grocery part and picked up some packaged goodies and 2 pieces of baklava.  Probably some of the best baklava I have had!  They were out of the pecan variety, but there was also almond, pistachio, and cashew to choose from.  It was something crazy like a buck a piece.Overall, I'm glad we went, and I would go again.  But I don't know I would go out of my way unless their dinner menu is different than the lunch menu, or I was seeking out the baklava.
4	Back when I was amongst the working class before the housing market crashed and builders still needed interior designers to do their model homes, we ordered a lot of lunches a lot of times (seriously, a lot) from Haji. Really, when you order that often, you can just call it Haji. You're free to take that artistic (or maybe culinary) liberty.Everything I've had is good but I always lean towards the vegetarian choices and often would get the vegetarian plate (I think that's what it's called) with hummus, baba ganush, dolmas and tabbouleh. My husband loves their rosewater lemonade and often stops here to pick some up after the zen center on Sundays. If you haven't been in here, they're not just a restaurant. They stock all kinds of middle eastern grocery items. I even found some of my favorite Belgium berry and raisin filled biscuit cookies. I bought them all. I haven't seen them outside of Belgium. Belgium and Haji-Baba's. Go figure.
5	Absolutely my favorite place to eat in Tempe. Cheap prices for great food. Before becoming a vegetarian, my favorite thing to get here was the chicken shwarma plate - and although I have a huge appetite, I still was able to take plenty home for the next day. Now, a falafel plate or pita is the way to satisfy my hunger! Make sure to try their hummous and tabouli! Their baklava is unbelievably good - the almond and pecan varieties are my favorites. Be sure to check out the grocery section as well - super cheap bulk spices, rice, and legumes (lentils, etc); as well as lots of items necessary for middle eastern and indian cooking. In all of my years of eating here, I've only once had to wait longer than ten minutes for my food. Usually, it takes less than five, sometimes less than three minutes of time between when I place my order and when it's making its way into my stomach.The employees and servers here are some of the nicest people I've ever met. It only takes a few visits for them to remember you and your favorite thing to eat. I can't recommend Haji Baba's enough.
5	If you like Hummus, Falafel, Salad, Chicken, Lamb, Cheap awesome food, great middle eastern markets, tziki, or anything else good in this world.  Then go to Haji-Baba.  They have the best lunch specials.  Their falafel pita is probably the greatest deal in history.  I lived off this for a time.
4	A true diamond in the rough! I was very impressed by this restaurant, and also surprised that I had never even seen it. I'm not sure if the complex is new but its pretty well camouflaged. The food was VERY good. It came out in large portions and very quickly. They offer the usual Mediterranean fare, I ordered the Gyro plate, Georgeann G had the lamb tongue sandwich, and we each also had a stuffed grape leaf. The stuffed grape leaves we served hot (which was a first) but they were HUGE compared to others I've had. The Meat was cooked to perfection (the lamb tongue was surprisingly very tasty) and the sides were freshly prepared as well. Words of advice: go with the sandwich instead of a plate. The plate came with about 2 pounds of rice that was completely not needed (and the total price would've been much less if ordered separately). If you still want more, add a side salad or something.The prices were very good and the service was nothing to complain about. It was hard to resist the baklava by the register, and we ended up taking a piece of cashew baklava to go (which was heavenly). I'm glad I've had a chance to check this place out, and I will definitely go back.
4	wow and wow. the restaurant lives up to all of the raves. i would return. again. and again as long as i keep visiting PHX + Scottsdale. I hope these folks never go out of business.
5	delightful hole in the wall. Have eaten here countless times, and the food is absolutely consistent, delicious, and amazing, regardless of when, or what you order. Waiters are great, funny, friendly, and remember your face. Prices are SO LOW and the food is SO SO SO SO SO SO good. I'm totally lucky to live near this gem!
3	I have to say, I've had WAY better middle eastern food. If it wasn't for the price and the fact that my significant other adores the place, I'd probably never eat here. The service has always been good, even when packed. Their pitas are decent and for less than $4 for an entire meal, you can't go wrong. However, their actual dishes have left much to be desired. I'm not a fan of their hummus, AT ALL. In fact I think it's bland and tasteless. Their garlic sauce is made with mayo which isn't my favorite. I personally think it's tastier when it's just mashed garlic. The chicken shawarma just didn't do it for me, however I have enjoyed the kafta plate on more than one occasion. Overall, it's not the worst I've had but definitely nowhere near the top of Middle Eastern restaurants in the valley.
5	If you're looking for middle eastern food in Tempe, this is a must. While the food can be slightly blander at times than some over-spiced alternatives the menu options are all delicious, the food has an authentic taste to it, and is packed with flavor.  Great venue and one of Tempe's cornerstones.
4	Was in town visiting friends and they wanted to take me here for a quick lunch. Cafeteria style place so don't expect anything special in terms of ambiance or chit chat from the servers.Tabouli and lamb tongue sandwich were excellent, especially for the price. One of my friends ordered a plate and it was huge. I'd definitely come back.
5	As a newcomer to broadening my food horizons, and one who is on a budget, I found Haji Baba perfect for reasonably priced middle eastern food.  The attached international foods mini mart is also a plus.  Delicious chicken schwarma and great hummus.
4	This place had the cheapest and best falafil (that is how they spell it) pita of anywhere in town.The falafel was moist, flavorful the lettuce was fresh and there was a copious amount of sauce to cover it. The pita was a bit thin but that can be over looked. At under $3 it might be worthwhile to get two. As for the hummous we had on the side, it was a great texture but a bit low on flavor. Make sure you order an extra pita and it comes with just one. We got the order to go so we did not really have any service to review.  When you first walk in you are assaulted by the smells of many spices and many other alien things to most Americans. There is an attached small market full of spices, and exotics foods and flavored tobaccos for those under 21 who seek a vice. The counter is full of many types of balaclava and olives.If you want a great falafel pita at a good price, be brave and stop in. Just leave your Pro Bush / Israel gear in the car.
5	Best middle eastern food I've ever had. grocery/ restaurant. Shish-kabob plate with a rosewater lemonade is my standby.
5	Amazingly cheap and great Middle Eastern food. Warm homemade pita bread. Buckets of feta. Trays and trays of bakhlava. There's really nothing not to love here. Do be wary of the lunch crowd though, as on weekdays, the place can get pretty busy, especially if you're dining in (though you can always takeout and it's just as easy and fast).
4	Maybe it's the midwestern in me, or maybe I'm just not very adventurous, because when it comes to middle eastern food, it don't have a clue as to what's what. But I've been to Haji Baba a couple times now and have not only found things on the menu I can identify, I found things that are really good!1. their hummus is really good and their pitas are nice and fresh.2. the chicken shwarma is also really good, flavorful without being weird.3. I've never been a big falafel fan, at most places it seems really dry to me, but theirs is not dry, yet not greasy, has a good flavor and is complimented nicely with the tahini sauce.On my last visit I ordered the falafel (three balls) and a side of rice. They gave me a huge plate of rice, more than I could eat. Between that and the falafel I was full and satisfied. And like everyone else says, it's cheap, which is always a bonus.
4	Don't let the appearance of this place fool you, they may be part of a grocery store, but they make good stuff.  they have a good chicken sherwama, that is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  A good appetizer would be the dormades (rice wrapped in grape leaves), followed by the chicken sherwama plate and a cup of their nice and thick turkish coffee.  The plates comes with a generous serving of taboili, hummus, rice and meat.  For the price, its definitely worth a visit.  Can be crowded during lunch times.
4	I went here recently with some co-workers for lunch. I was very impressed. It is just a small hole-in-the-wall type place, those are the best. I ordered a chicken schwerma plate. Generous portion of marinated grilled chicken, hummus, delish rice and a heap of tabouleh. The food was great, fresh, hot and delicious. I also has a rosewater lemonade, what a treat!  My friends ordered the gyro plate and both were quite happy.
5	This is what happens when I go to Haji Baba: They give me a huge Gyro with TONS of delicious meat and HUGE chunks of feta cheese, a side of hummus, warm pita bread, AND a dolmade, I give them $6.  I really feel like I'm ripping them off, but it's not like intentionally stealing from them, I'm just paying what they want me to. And god I love them for it.The atmosphere is... are you seriously concerned with the atmosphere at a freaking gyro place? Did you not read the part about delicious gyro meat and huge chunks of feta cheese? Well, it's slightly more upscale than a cart in the middle of the sidewalk. By "upscale" i mean indoors.  Sometimes they have tables and chairs for you to sit on, sometimes they put the chairs on top of the table so you don't. Sometimes they have servers to take your order, sometimes you have to order from the counter. It's all a crap shoot. What's not a crap shoot is that you are getting a heaven in a pita for less than $5. Freaking incredible.
4	Ok, people. This place is legit.You walk in and are immediately inundated with a luscious mix of spice and sweet, and all loads of niceness.You sit and you order off their double-sided laminated menu and you wait. You're hungry as hell and you've got a tenner burning a hole in your pocket.And then they arrive and you squirm up until the first bite. Then, it's like an explosion of all things holy inside your mouth (That's what she said!).Their hummus is amazing, feta cheese is da bomb! (I only use this saying in SER-ious situations), and, beyond the food, their service is primo.Always smiling, the servers will answer your questions kindly, especially if you're a first timer or non-frequenter.The atmosphere might seem a bit unorganized, but who gives a shit. This place has good food, and if you're coming here for atmosphere, you're not coming for the right reasons. The bathrooms are always clean, albeit tucked away oddly, but whatevs.I've gone here with vegan and meat-eating friends alike, and all at once (ask me about it, it's quite a story), and we've all come out with both our faces and stomachs happy.The one kicker: they only do take-out on Sundays. But don't let that stop you, and trust me, it won't. Go, and enjoy.P.s. Their regular coffee (not Arabic coffee, a.k.a. mud in a cup) is damn-well near perfect if it's up to me. Straight without milk or sugar (and I like my sugar with coffee and cream, thank you Beastie Boys!), this coffee is delicious.
5	This is absolutely the best place to go for a tasty and cheap Middle Eastern lunch. Its lemonade is to die for, and its falafel is my favorite. Afterward, I always like to check out the market, and buy an exotic sweet. Its low prices, casual vibe, and proximity to campus make it a favorite of the ASU community. Tip: Buy a bottle of rose water and add a capful or two to your homemade lemonade. Mmm-mm.
5	Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!  P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
5	Perhaps the greatest Little Middle Eastern market & restaurant in the valley! The Hummus & Lebni are to DIE FOR, the Lamb is out of this world and the Feta cheese may be the freshest I have ever experienced. My favorite Med. cuisine location by far. I love that I can Buy everything I have just eaten at the market next door and prepare it at home as well. Only One Issue, PARKING IS TERRIBLE during busy hours.  This is a MUST SEE for anyone seeking this type of cuisine! GO NOW!   P.S. Dont  know why this review shows up in 2 places, oh well this place is worth it!
5	If not THE, then one of the best chicken shwarma dishes I've had. Just the right degree of succulent and tender. And the garlic, yogurt sauce that comes with it is almost like crack. The jasmine rice was perfect in its softness and saltiness. Taboule was good and the pita was mmm..mmmm...good. Hummus was awesome too. Definitely going back to work my way down the menu. My friend who recommended it said she'd never had any bad item there. I totally believe her.
5	This place is a gem. The food is amazing. It's cheap. The service is good. My favorite part? The place never changes. I can walk through the door and Ali already knows my order. The Chicken Shawarma special comes with their hand-made pita - so soft and delicious. The chicken is seasoned perfectly and comes with a yummy little dollop of garlic sauce. I've never found better hummus in my life. I've had it all around town, in New York, in L.A. (ick...L.A. *shudder*). SO good! The iced tea has a hint of rose water. OH and the gyro? Hands down, the best in town.Did I mention they have a market attached? Talk about the best price on spices in town! The spices come in little plastic sealed pillows, so get some spice jars from Ikea and stock up!I couldn't get through this without mentioning the lamb tongue. I am no connoisseur of organ meats, but this sandwich is like the most tender lamb you've ever had in your life. Shut up and try it.The only sad part about Haji's is that they close early. Usually 8pm on a week-night, but totally worth getting to-go orders if you can swing in on your way home from work!
4	Haji-Baba is a restaurant/grocery store. Very casual and modest place, all they care for is giving us good food.When I think of good middle-eastern food in Arizona, Haji-Baba is what comes in my mind. Their price is very cheap compared to the quality of the food. I like their filafil sandwich n shawarmas. I also tried their combo plate which is like hmmm...hmmmm..hmmnnmm.. :) Anyone who craves for middle-eastern food should try it out.This place is off the hook, the only reason Im giving it a 4-star is because one time they had some soda machine problem and didn't have the soda, service is not very welcoming, place doesn't really look like a grand restaurant. But other than that food is good..
4	The place is nothing special, you can even think there is nothing going on there as it is almost hidden. Once you are in, you still won't believe there is something worthy. Sit and try one of their gyros, hummus or the vegetarian combo! All tasty and well served. After that you can check and buy some interesting to impress your friends next time!
5	This place has excellent food, fantastic hummus, all in a great, casual grocery-adjacent atmosphere.  I recommend the tongue sandwich, so delicious and tender, but there's no bad item on the menu.  If you're looking for a place to eat, just stop reading reviews and go there now and get some delicious food. Seriously.
3	This place has really good and really bad aspects to it.  The good is that most of the food is pretty good.  The bad is the service/overall friendliness.  The hummus, babaganoush, gyros,  feta (of various varieties) are all great.The falafel isn't great -- dense & tough without a huge amount of flavor.My mother refers to the service as like the Soup Nazi in Seinfeld... don't ask for any favors.  For instance, we went on Sunday at 4:30pm,  Yelp says open until 5pm, the door says open until 5pm.  We went to the counter and they say  "sorry we close at 4:30" (we were there at 4:32).  Out of the "goodness" of their hearts, they give us salad and falafel and hummus but nothing else.Anyways, the food would get 4* the service gets a 1*.   I'll be generous and give 3*.
4	Haji-Baba is unique by being both a restaurant and a store! As such, the restaurant is fairly small- so if you're up for some delicious middle-eastern food on a Friday afternoon, make sure you arrive early!The prices are good, the selection is better and the food is great! I ordered the falafel plate which came with 4 falafels, a side of hummus, and I subbed the tabooli out for a salad. The portion size was pretty big, so I left quite full, and it was all delicous! I'll definitely be going back soon!
4	This place is absolutely AMAZING!!! Not only is it ridiculously cheap, but it is incredibly delicious, as well! My boyfriend and I went the other day for lunch and ordered the combo platter and a side of babaganoush-$12 total-We were both extremely satisfied and we came home with a huge takeout box(that I have been munching on all weekend) This place is a GEM and you should definitely check it out! I cant wait to go back again this week! Mmmmmmm....soooo tasty!
4	Good, fast, cheap food!  The falafil was great, all ingredients tasted fresh, and as a bonus they have a great little shop attached containing lots of things you can't get at your local grocer, from tobacco to spices & desserts.
5	If you're a Tempe/Mesa native or an ASU student or alum, then you probably know Haji-Baba. I, however, am neither and only recently discovered this awesome place by way of a recommendation on Twitter.Since then, I've been there five times and have tried nearly everything on the menu. The food is delicious! Seriously, there hasn't been one thing I've tried that I haven't enjoyed.On my first trip, I ordered the combination. I highly recommend doing this if you've never eaten here before. This plate gives you a great sampling of what their menu has to offer and a generous portion at that. It's easily enough for two people and, at only around $12, a great deal too.On my most recent visit, I had the Gyro plate; again amazing! A very generous portion served with a delicious salad, a side of rice, and I topped the meal off with an Arabic coffee.Haji-Baba is not really a secret and the place will get very busy at lunch time. If you want to eat there, go for an early or late lunch, otherwise you'll have to wait for a table; it's worth it!They have a large menu and great prices, and if you don't have time to stay and eat, you can order to-go from the counter.The staff do a good job, but their food is so good, I'd still eat there if a server punched me in the face every time I walked in the door.If you haven't tried it, you need to go there. If you have, then you know just how great Haji-Baba is.
4	This is always a good choice! Get there early for lunch since this place fills up fast and seating is at a premium. I have never had anything here that wasn't good and portions are large and are easy to share. Staff is friendly, service is quick and prices are very fair. The grocery store attached is awesome for picking up some of the harder to find ingredients one might need for North African or Middle Eastern cuisine (Israeli cous-cous being the one I always get here).
4	This is absolutely the best Middle Eastern food in the valley.  It is inexpensive and perfect every time.  Must warn you about the wait..... if you want to get back to work in time eat early like 11:00 if your not there before 1:00 it is standing room only...... you can get a little shopping done as well it is also a small market.
5	Dare I say "the best" gyros of all time. Yes... yes I dare say "the best"... the best indeed!! Absolutely Fantastic!!!
5	This is a fabulous restaurant, very casual and it gets busy at lunch time but the food is amazing. I highly recommend this place for something a little different, I have been going here for more than 10 years!
3	I was very excited to go to Haji-Baba for the 5-star company; I had a lovely Monday lunch w/Bacon Boy. As for the food, it was more of a 3-star mixed bag.We started with baba ghanouj, which was quite good. I went on to the chicken schwarma, which I adore, but was more like a chicken pita sandwich than I care for. I expect it to be more of a wrap. The chicken was sproingy and there was a ton of lettuce, but the non-sproingy chicken and the garlic sauce were flavorful.So, I guess what I'd say is that a 5-star friend can save a 3-star meal any day.
5	I go here alot because its delicious and super affordable. Great Middle eastern food. You know a restaurant is great if they can serve Lamb and it tastes fantastic! Some tips..Go with the 'hand made pitas!
4	I had no lunch plans and was looking for a new spot. Now I must admit that this was before I had been turned onto Yelp so I was still relying on colleague recommendations. Having grown up on Middle Eastern food any opportunity I get to take down an authentic Gyro I won't pass up. So my buddy Dan and I go to one of his old local favorites Haji-Baba. I order the Gyro and fries and was blown away. The price was cheap; the meat was well seasoned and thinly sliced. I hate it when they slice it too thick.All in all I had a great time the only reason why it didn't get five stars is it took a while because it was slammed during lunch. But if you work anywhere near ASU in Tempe and are craving a good Gyro don't think twice...Haji Baba.
5	What a great little restaurant!  It is nothing fancy and certainly caters to an eclectic bunch of people, which I think is great!  The service was quick and the food was delicious!  I will certainly be back to eat here!The store area is quite amazing, too!  When I need spices of ANY kind, this is where I'm going!  The variety is amazing and it is SO CHEAP compared to what you pay in the grocery store!  I'm excited that I found this little place!
5	Mmmmm.... Love this place! Make it a point to go here every chance I can! The vegetarian combo is my fave. Staff is always nice and polite and right on it... even at their busiest! Had lunch there last weekend again with a good friend... and although he is not generally adventurous when it comes to something other than meat and potatoes this has become one of his favorite places too... Now if I can get him to try something other than the beef schwarma! : )  The food is consistently good, service is always good and the market is fun to browse in after a great meal!
5	I've eaten here a lot, and it always delivers quality food. I think it's interesting that I can't find better middleeastern /mediterranean food at any price than this dirt-cheap half-grocery store. I rate all other falafels, gyros, shawarmas, etc. against Haji-Baba, and they never stack up. I frequently find myself saying, "it's good, but it's not Haji good".
4	My de-facto place for Arab food.I've been here regularly for meeting up with friends and bringing out-of-towners in . The food is always consistently filling and  tasty with flavors. I either go for the gyro wraps or full plates if I'm truly hungry.  The wall art is an interesting mix of Roman and Egyptian architecture. The table seatings is a no frill setting. Service is minimal. But great value for the price. The restaurant is shared with a Arab mini-market. Plenty of parking and only about 200 feet east of the light rail stop. It's located on the same shopping strip as  Khai Hoan Vietnamese restaurant so coming here creates a choice dilemma for me.
4	The falafel is some of the best in Tempe.  The gyro sandwiches are cheap and solid. They have a gyro deluxe sandwich which comes with feta. Good times. Yes, the lemonade rocks too.
5	i've never been upset at haji. never. it's super casual, located inside a middle eastern grocery. the food is fantastic. best falafel in town, hands down. the service is quick and efficient and the same faces have been working there for a long time. the portions are large, the hummus is great and so is everything else. as a vegetarian, i can't comment on the meat dishes, but my carnivorous friends are never disappointed. me + haji = pure love.
4	First time visiting Haji-baba and it was great!! The hummus was awesome and the fresh pitas were amazing.  I ordered the Chicken Shwarma plate and a glass of mango juice.  The portions were great for the price. The food was extremely tasty. I will be going back for more.
5	If you have yet to come to Haji Baba's, then you may not know why almost everyone is in consensus that this place is the bee's knees. I have yet to meet someone who has came to Haji Baba, and been disappointed..in fact I hope i never meet that person, cause they probably suck.HB is THE best place to get mediterranea/middle eastern food. It's fast authentic and cheeeeaaaaappp!The gyros and falafel will run you about ohh idk $2-$3Everything on the menu is under or slightly hovering around/above $10you can come here on a beggars budget and feast like a Turkish Sultan!conveniently located along the lightrail, deliciously prepared like your eating at your friends grandma's house, and so ridiculously affordable.The market side of HB's is full of goodies as well, be sure to browse on your way out/in.hands down "woohoo! as good as it gets!" *****
4	Price is right on and food is pretty good too...I have been to Egypt, Israel and Jordan and had better food there but this was close!   I thought it strange they had no fries though...usually falafel, which is what I had, has fries in the sandwich...the falafel sandwich was only $2.35 and filling; cheaper than a taco bell 7 layer burrito and twice a good!
3	If you are reading this today is your lucky day! Truly. I am an on again off again food snob. Maybe reformed. But no. I'm so sorry to do this. I wanted this place to be the Gem that I just found at the pho place next door. It was not! Sooooo, let me get to it. First BEWARE the "yogurt soda" . This is definately something you would have to spend alot of time with. It is exactly what it says it is. Imagine plain, unsweetened yogurt, you drop in plain, unflavored unsweetened soda water in and then add a tablespoon of salt. Sound good. Fuck no! And it is not.  Next.....! Falafel: Meh! The croquettes could have been crispier on the outside and definately need a lot more flovor to these heavenly middle-eastern balls of goodness. The pickle was actually the best part.  The pita is NOT MADE FRESH!! Some reviews say they are but I can tell you the pita's came from a bag. Gyro: Meh! The reason for the cone shaped meat loaf of lamb and beef is so the outside cooks quickly buy turning past extremely high heat and the inside stays moist as it is sliced away from the cone. In my Gyro there were no cooke meat ends, in fact it was just inside Gyro meat. I assume this is because they are busy and the outside meat was never given a chance to cook up again.....you see the inside becomes the outsude every slice of the way. I did not have nearly enough tzatziki, no cucumbers, no olive, no red onion. All essential in creating a tasty ass Gyro. I still contend that Jay's Gyros in Tempe are supreme!! Lamb Tongue Sandwich: Lettuce, Tomato, Tongue wrapped in a bagged pita!! Boring. Dry. The Lamb Tongue is served in the pita WHOLE. I thought it would be sliced but it was'nt. Two little lamb tongue's boiled with ZERO flavor.Baba Gahnoush: OK.........Hummus: OK.......(Pita Jungle has a much heartier flavor on both items)Baklavah: We have a winner!!!! Some of the best I have tasted in recent memory. That will be my reason for a follow up. I thought it was cool that they sold prayer mat's. The service is ok, nothing bad and nothing over the top.
1	Well, I guess I suck, but I can't figure out why anyone would eat here when Tasty Kabob is right up the street. In fact, I can't figure out why anyone would eat here, period.Went for lunch. Crowded; we got one of the last tables. Good sign, right? My response to that is always, "McDonald's is always crowded, too."The wall next to my head was covered in former customers' meal splatter. Experience tells me that if the dining area and bathrooms aren't clean, the kitchen is 10 times worse. I forged ahead, undaunted.The food came, and things got worse. Overcooked kabobs so dry, I could not work up enough saliva to break down the proteins. Had to swallow large hunks of meat. Bland, oily hummus and baba gannoush. Iceberg lettuce drowning in dressing. The only edible item was a gyro. Service was glum and perfunctory. I'm convinced the main reason people eat here, as with Mickey Dee's, is the price point. $3.29 for a hearty gyro is pretty astonishing. But I'd rather save my pennies so I can go to a place with clean walls and appetizing dishes.
4	I was first brought here by a friend from Saudi Arabia many years ago.  He didn't question my selection of burger joints, I didn't question his selection of Middle Eastern Food.  What this place lacks in decor and atmosphere, it makes up in flavor.    You literally eat in the middle of a small grocery market.  Bizarre?  Yes.  A deal breaker?  Not when these flavors await.    We got a mixed platter that gave us a little of everything, and it was all quite good.The two of us took quite a bit of leftovers home.  I've always had a good meal each time I've gone here and if they had better hours I would go more often. Tempe is Phoenix's hub for Middle Eastern fare, and Haji-Baba is one of the best.
4	I can't believe I never before wrote a review of Haji-Baba.  I've literally been going here with varying regularity for most of my life.  I have probably tried most of the menu and never ever had a bad experience, but will admit that I probably fall back on the falafel sandwich more than half the time I go to Haji-Baba.  It really is the best falafel in town.Additional tip, pick up some decadent baklava (several varieties) or other freshly made Mediterranean pastries and a package of the best pitas in town, along with some other ethnic groceries on your way out.  My promise: you will be happy to know about this place once you try it out.
3	haji - baba is great.  great food quick service,  low prices.  hidden gem yet always @ capacity ....  a change from other pita / med plate center eateries.
4	The first time I sank my teeth into Haji Baba's falafel sandwich, I knew that I had found a winner. Already being a big fan of Phoenecia, I was a little hesitant at first to try Haji Baba, but I had a feeling that I would like it so I gave it a shot. There are three things that you absolutely have to try, and they are:The falafel sandwich.The gyro plate.The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves).Like most of the reviews read, the falafels are some of the best around! They don't dry out your mouth and are loaded with flavor...not to mention that the sandwich is ultra cheap! As for the gyro plate, I have one thing to say...BEST GYRO MEAT IN PHOENIX! There, I said it. The meat is seriously succulent (you hear that about steak, not gyro meat!), no exaggeration. Just think of the best gyro meat you've ever tasted, but cut thick and served with some of the best tzatziki around. Remember to get the plate when you go and I don't think you will regret it. And lastly, try the dolmas. I say that because they are served here differently than any place in the valley that I've been to, and that is warm. Usually dolmas are served chilled and are brimming with strong sour and oily flavors, not these. Haji Baba's recipe is truly unique; it's mild, not sour and rich with flavor.  Get a small side of lebne to put on em and be prepared for your taste buds to do a little happy dance (not to be confused with the pee pee dance...taste buds don't pee).There you have it! I finally, after years of going here, reviewed Haji Baba! Now, take it from me and the abundance of other reviewers and go here.
5	Oh, Haji-Baba, I love you.The chicken shawarma plate is ridiculous.The hummus? Perfection!Your pita bread? Heaven!My review, however, is based on take-out. I never eat at Haji-Baba. To me, HB is a place to grab a cheap, delicious lunch and take it back to the office to snack on throughout the day. The plates are so huge, they end up being all I eat all day. And my god, I could eat HB every.single.day!
4	Had the Gyro DLX and for $4.29 I couldn't have been happier. Generous size, thick chunks of lamb, lots of tzatziki & feta.Loved it, I'd definitely go again!
3	Haji Baba, Haji Baba!  I've been wanting to eat here forever and finally had a chance. The dishes are delicious and provide a huge amount for a cheap price. I ordered the stuffed grape leaves that also comes with toubouli, hummus, and pita bread. It was so filling! The toubouli was made just right.  We ate in the actual restaurant, and the service was quick and the wait staff were polite and helpful (rather, sometimes they are polite and helpful depending...).  My friend ordered the Gyro with lamb and beef and said it was fantastic. The meat has slightly crispy edges with perfect spicy flavoring, based on what he had said.  We ordered baklava to go, and I'll definitely be back for more.  Apparently they don't make it there, but we still like it. The grocery store has some unique spices that are sometimes hard to find at regular grocery stores. There's also a take-out option.  However, I am not a regular and don't know any of the staff, so they weren't that nice when I was buying some groceries. Plus I am quite sure they overcharged me on the grapes. There was some discussion on price as two of the employees looked at me with frowning faces. What is that about?
5	Love everything about this place. Where else can I get my henna and get amazing food at the same time? I love the Arabic coffee and it was great, although it is an acquired taste. I almost want to laugh at the people in Pita Jungle every time I pass by there to come here. Big, soft pitas with delicious hummus. The falafel is moist and fried perfectly. All of my weird artsy farsty friends have been telling me to come here for some time now and I have to admit they were right. The jasmine rice is to die for, I had dreams about it later that night. The baklava comes in 7 different varieties and is always heavenly. On the other side there is a market and this place just screams home to me.
4	Can't. Stop. Thinking. About. Baklava.
4	Recently I received word that my favorite Middle Eastern restaurant Alladin's Kitchen closed its doors. This was, at least for me, the best place to get your Mediterranean fix including some of the tastiest stuffed grape leaves around. I can go on and on about how much I loved Alladin's but alas, I have to pick myself up and rise above this terrible loss. When a door closes a window opens and that window lead me right into the kitchen of Haji Baba. Situated along Apache Blvd in Tempe this spot is half restaurant and half Middle Eastern market and bakery, talk about a one stop shop. Upon entering, please feel free to seat yourself. On my visit there were menus already at each empty table. Scanning the menu the first thing I noticed was the Abali Yogurt Soda ($1.69). Having never tried this I was quick to get a glass full though the waiter seemed hesitant to bring it. Let's just say after the first sip yogurt soda is an acquired taste. While I liked the yogurt sourness the saltiness of the soda was way too much. Fortunately the waiter was observant and brought over a glass of iced water by his own accord. I have to tell you that the service here is attentive and friendly. The occasional juvenile in me snickered when I read the first item on the menu, Homos Tahini ($2.29), how appropriate. Joking aside, this was a beautiful puree of chickpeas, tahini or sesame seed paste, lemon juice and garlic. Usually this is served super garlicky elsewhere I was delighted to find this version to be well balanced and flavorful. Getting the same treatment as the homos, the Babaghanooj ($2.99) contains roasted eggplant instead of chickpeas. Both were dressed with olive oil and adorned with pickles and olives, were wishing for a glass of wine to compliment the appetizers, but they serve no liquor here.Made from a mixture of fava beans and chickpeas, then pressed into patties and deep fried, the filling of the Falafil Sandwich ($2.69) was crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside. The warm pita bread and the fresh lettuce and tomato made for really good eats, a must.Kabob Koubideh ($7.49) sounds like quite a mouthful and let me tell you this, it was. Pounded ground meat marinated in onion juice, and then grilled to a juicy smoky excellence. The meat reminded me of a Middle Eastern take on chopped steak, sublimely tender. Along side was a huge pile of super light basmati rice, fresh hot pita and creamy yogurt salad. A sprinkling of sumac over the entire plate adds a slight sourness, which melds incredibly well with this type of food. Desserts are pretty much limited to Baklava ($1.29), but after such an amazing meal it was a real surprise that the sweet ending was a real disappointment. The nuts in each all tasted old with a slightly bitter rancidity to them. Selections ranged from pistachio, cashew and walnut with the later being the best, using the word "best" loosely. With meager prices, generous portions and outstanding service, Haji Baba will definitely begin to fill the void in my heart and my tummy.
5	Like Princess & Baiz Markets, this is a grocery store with a small cafe inside.  In this case, it's a nice cafe, with soft vocal music playing (in Arabic?), & you order from a regular menu at your table.For this first visit, I just ordered a Gyro & a side salad from my friendly server.  The first absolutely amazing thing was the VERY LOW prices!  THEN, pretty soon, here came my order.  WOW! a full-sized dinner salad, & WOW!  Look at the size of this Gyro!  From there, it was on to WOW!  This is the best tasting Gyro I've ever eaten!  (In fact, it makes the short list of the best ANYTHING I have ever eaten!)This stellar place rockets right to the top of my Middle Eastern "Favorites List", & I can't wait to go back!     :-))Gyro $3.29, Salad $1.29!!!  Can you imagine?
5	I had been planning to visit this place for a while now, ever since it was recommended by Iain B several months back after my thoroughly disappointing experience at Chicago Gyros. I took the opportunity to have lunch here last Friday since the wife had an appointment at a tattoo place just around the corner, forcing us to drive all the way from Surprise. I was like "Holy sh1t, Haji Babas is supposed to be around here somewhere" while Google Mapping the tat shop location.Now, I'm no stranger to dinge. I grew up in an "old" city, and Sydney and outlying suburbs has its fair share of dingy places, perhaps topped by Gould's Book Arcade in Newtown. First impression of Haji Babas is that it's a dingy, hole in the wall establishment. So far, so good right? Basically it's divided up into a mini ethnic supermarket featuring stuff like Cock Cola (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=1dl1l6baJJdY7q53V-V7uw) and Patak's, one of my favourite Indian marinade and grill sauce brands. Ibbida ibbida WHAT? Indian in an Arabic grocery? Yep, but that's not where the Indian surprises end - stay tuned! The other section has a selection of cheap tables and chairs, the likes of which made even the decor at Chino Bandido's look opulent by comparison. Still, I was quite comfortable with it all. We sat down and had a look at the menu. Lots of familiar stuff, so in order to make a good comparison with other similar places I've eaten at, I ordered the hummus dip and vegetarian platter.First thing that struck me was that the initial babaghannoush plate was VERY good. Nothing beats the hummus/bbg from my home town's "Istanbul on King", but I'm going to say that this was probably the second best I've had - high praise from me - with lots of oil on top. The vegetarian platter was also quite good. It came with a side of raita, which was a little odd. No, it wasn't tzatziki. Although perhaps it was raitziki, or tzaita. The wife took one dip of it and proceeded to exclaim that it was the best raita she had ever had. I'd probably say that's true - it was just the right consistency, and had unusually large pieces of dill pickle in it. No, not cucumber. I did my cooldown test with the pita, it didn't get leathery (unlike Chicago Gyros') so another thumbs up there. I have two minor complaints, though. The dolmas were hot. I HATE hot dolmas, I don't know who invented the idea but all I've ever eaten for three decades in Oz has been the cold stuff. Never even KNEW they came in a heated variety until I arrived stateside. Perhaps the cold ones are an option, who knows. I'll find out next time I'm here. Because I'm definitely coming back. Last complaint, the falafels. They weren't as good as the Greek Wraps ones, and actually fairly salty. Strangely enough, my plate came with a small side of hummus, but it was different to what I'm used to - it had a yellowish tinge to it whereas typically it's a kind of off-white (added pinch of turmeric or saffron?) and the combo of falafels with it was a little too salty for my taste. Not enough to knock off a star though.The wife had a chicken shishkabob with a giant amount of rice and salad - so much that she was stuffed and her plate didn't even look a quarter empty. Excellent value for money. I had a mouthful of her rice and would give it my vote for the most properly-cooked, fluffy basmati I've had in a LONG time. We did a once-through in the grocery area before we left and picked up some Patak marinades. And I couldn't leave without a piece of cashew baklava. Good, not the best I've had but pretty good. They have a couple of kid's chocolates up the front, the kid enjoyed that in the car despite getting half of it on his pants and the seat.The prices are incredibly reasonable. I was seeing some things for three, four dollars. If it weren't for the fact that this place is almost 50 miles from where I live I'd eat here every few days. Why can't they open something like this in Surprise? We don't even have an INDIAN restaurant closer than eighteen or so miles away. You CenPho and Tempe locals should consider yourselves d4mn lucky.Big thumbs up for Haji Babas. If the owners are reading this, set up another location in the west valley for pete's sake! I need to go back here and get a handle on the dips and tastes and stuff because evidently these guys are giving their own little spin to middle eastern cuisine, at least as far as my experience goes. If I'm still learning, that's a good thing. Next time I'm going to see what the difference is between their "pita" and their "hand-made pita". It's just unfortunate that it's going to be a very rare treat for me due to distance.
5	This place has a been favorite of mine since my ASU days and it doesn't get as good as having to travel to the Middle East for Shawarma, Falafel, Hummus, Kabobs, Kibbi, Tabouli Salad, etc. Haji Baba at times can be crowded but it is so worth the wait and their prices are super reasonable. After wards one can browse the adjacent market aisles of imported products from the Middle East, Asia and Europe. The front counter space area is filled with baklava, dates, candied fruits and other delectable sweets.
5	Now on my third time eating here since I found it a few weeks back and everything is amazing. I a big fan of homemade middle eastern food an have been spoiled with it because family and friends would make it (my grandpa made hummus, tabouli and falafel). this place does it right. I have tried the gyro, kifta, hummus, tabouli and more and it has all been great. My true judge of a mid-eastern place is the hummus since I love it and have been making my own for as long as I can remember. This stuff is great right combo of flavors and good bread to boot. My only knock is it's a but creamier than I like and a bit less garlic(but I love super extra garlic so I can't hold that against them). Overall it's just right and I will devour it. The meats are all flavorful and moist (especially rare with most other gyros). The tabouli is a nice mix of greens and wheat with a ton of fresh flavors.Plain in simple if you like mid-eastern food go here you won't regret it. Try the combination meal and get a bit of all the good stuff.
3	Ever since the wife got a tattoo just up the road from this place, giving us an excuse to eat here for the first time (see my original review), I've been jonesing for more. Fortunately, she booked in for another tattoo a couple of days ago which gave us another excuse to travel the 45 miles and have another bite at the Casa la Dinge. Unfortunately, the way the day played out meant that I headed in to Tempe with her, then had to kill about three hours waiting for her tattoo to be completed. During this time I met some friends and because I was starving I wound up having a quasi-lunch with them at Slices Pizza at the cnr of 6th and Mill. Doh! The wife wouldn't have tolerated me doing Haji Baba's with them because SHE wanted to join me at HB for a late lunch. I thus had two lunches on the day, but because I wasn't too hungry after she and I arrived at HB, I had to make do with a couple of appetizers. I ordered the Foul Mudammas, the falafel and the yoghurt soda. The soda made me shudder at the unexpected taste, but I did manage to strangle down about half of it, with a face that probably appeared to onlookers as though I was being cornholed with a pineapple. Reminded me a lot of salt lassi, except this was saltier. Basically like drinking salty melted butter out of a bag of Orville Redenbacher. The wife grimaced at her first swallow, then came back a few minutes later for another go-round (that's my girl!) I can see why the damn stuff is popular - in a Warheads-candy sort of way. The Mudammas was pretty good, but my gut was quite full by this time and I didn't even finish the falafels. Oh well. Wife had the chicken kabob, same as last time I think - the plate was overloaded and the food was delicious, once again.After we finished I started with the usual wandering up and down the aisles looking at the weird foods and their names. Wife said she needed to hit the restroom. About a minute later she was back, with sort of a guilty wan smile on her face. I was wondering whether the crapper was out of order or something else funny had happened. I was wrong. Apparently the previous occupant had dropped a couple of foul mudammas of his own in the bog, and the stench was so rancid that my wife threw up almost all of her meal. I kid you not. She said she struggled to hold her breath but in the end, blammo. By this time I was doing the potty dance as well and with more than a little trepidation went to the restroom. I sniffed (WHY?!) but the smell had cleared out by now and it was tolerable. However, the toilet fixtures themselves were disgraceful. I took a couple of photos of the faucet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=R-J7WlBAZ7cGGRMTetoRxA), and the string holding their mirror above the sink (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2GmGT-7QjowR1ihup3FbVA?select=DkWNs54J3xmfmZ1KHX2CbA). If they're going for realistic Arabic slum atmosphere and decor at this place, congrats - they hit the mark one hundred percent. Please, DON'T go into the restroom if you visit this place.. you'll spend the rest of the day, like I did, wondering if the kitchen fixtures look the same. Spoiled the experience for me, and there's NO reason they can't renovate such a tiny room and make it at least a little more passable. Made the shitter in "Trainspotting" look like the jewelry counter at Harrods.Three stars (two knocked off for the state of the restroom, and I'm not counting the stench/vomiting incident in this demerit), and my brief addiction has been broken. I probably won't go here again since it transcends even my fairly liberal, old-city standards of cleanliness. Cheap food, good tasting, generous portions, I didn't get food poisoning, and the cashew baklava was awesome, but next time we're in town I'll probably go back to Slices Pizza or look for an alternate Middle Eastern fix. Then again, Greek Wraps is closer and just as tasty. And no, owner of Chicago Gyros, they didn't pay me to say that. Seacrest out.
3	I just had their gyro dinner and was very happy with the food.  It tasted good and was reasonably priced.  Didn't take very long for takeout either.  The hummus was kind of bland though, and they didn't give me much pita to go with it.  Hand made pita was very good.
5	I have been coming here for 20 years and I have never had a bad meal. This place is incredible. The prices have hardly changed in all these years. The food is super fresh and very authentic. They also have a grocery store located in the same building with everything you could want and imagine from middle eastern food, beverages and spices. They're big gyros sandwiches are around 3 dollars.
5	I always stop over here when I'm in Tempe,  you can't be the prices! The hummus, gyro, tabouli have all been great.  My friend and  usually waiter, Ali even convinced me to try the Turkish coffee, that was good.  The baklava counter is always irresistible at checkout.  I'm going to have to visit soon.
5	This place is delicious! I always bring my friends here and they all love it. The chicken shawerma plate is the BEST and the hummus is so heavenly. I'm drooling just thinking about it right now.  Their food is so authentic and I haven't found a place like this yet.  The best part is that it's so affordable for starving college students.
5	You don't need to break the bank to fly to the Middle East when Haji Baba is right around the corner. Unequivocally this is the best restaurant and everything on the menu is superb.  The overwhelming spicy aroma encompasses you and you really do feel like you have found yourself in a 'whole new world' (as Aladdin would say).  It almost leads to you believe that you just might have a magic carpet out front waiting to fly you home. Something about Haji Baba stirs up thoughts of romance... maybe its the lamb tongue sandwhich or the hummus platter.  Either way, be careful who you choose to dine with... you might just end up finding true love.  Don't forget to browse the attached Middle Eastern grocery store for all your sardine and pickled onion desires.
4	I've only eaten in the restaurant part of this place once several years ago but was looking to buy black Cardammon to use in making this home-made hard liquor based hot sauce that I read about in the Jan/Feb 2011 edition of Saveur magazine (number 25 of the 100 items identified as chefs' favorites), referred to as boozy hot sauce (I had something like it in Okinawa in November, which the locals make to put on their noodles, it was amazing). The prices on the spices were amazingly cheap and I bought several other spice items for when I do Indian based cooking (lentils are good for you but man they need some spices to taste interesting).I had the good fortune to talk with the owner of the establishment. He told me the prices are so affordable because he deals with ethnic clientele  who use lots of spices and simply will not pay the sort of prices one sees in most stores. However, he assured me that he buys his spices in small batches (like 5 pounds) and then breaks them up himself and he checks everything when it comes in, if it doesn't smell fresh he sends it back and noted that he has a large base of customers that just buy from him for the spices. My challenge, of course, is I don't know much at all about Middle Eastern cooking but if you are going to do it, this seems the place to buy the ingredients.
5	The Gyro is to die for... and the hummus has a wonderful flavor, though lighter on the garlic and lemon than I would usually like. I can't wait to go back and try the chicken shawerma and other offerings.
5	Bring yourself to this place. Your taste buds deserve it. The hummus and aioli make you want to spin in your chair. The chicken shwarma is fit for a King, both in taste and portion. The lemonade and baklava are fresh and delicious. A list of eclectic and cheap starters to invigorate your palate. I'm visibly heart broken that I don't live down the street from Haji's anymore. This is as good and as cheap as it gets. The waiters are characters too. Bring a date. Impress them with your worldly food tastes. I could keep going. I love this place.
3	I can understand why this restaurant is a hit with the ASU crowd: its proximity to campus, accessibility by light rail, low prices. The hummus appetizer alone, a generous serving at less than 3 bucks with hot pita halves, could be a heavy snack or a light meal. The very inexpensive sandwiches vary in quality: I found the falafel to be really good, the koubideh was OK, and the beef shawarma was dry and lacking in flavor. The tabouleh was a bit too acidic for my taste and would probably have been better if more bulgur were added.  Waiting time at dinner depends on the size of your group. When I came with a larger group, we had a long wait, but seating was prompt when I came with just 2 friends. Overall, my dining experiences here were OK. For food quality, I consider the nearby Cafe Istanbul to be a better choice; but for price, this is the place to go.
4	YUM and super cheap!
4	Go for the food and you won't be disappointed, great middle eastern dishes served up nice and generously whether you get it to go or for dining in.  I went here and ate in and there was initially no one in the restaurant but me and then it quickly filled up with people. So I know that this is a neighborhood spot. The gyros and tzatziki sauce are very good but so is the hummus, falafel, kibbi and shwarma.
4	The food here is awesome but be prepared to pay the lamb dish I ordered was delicious but only had 4 medium size pieces of lamb I would say two people dining is going to cost at least50.00 dollars it's a place I will return when I have a craving for indian cuisine .
5	I can't believe I have never reviewed this restaurant.  If you like middle eastern food then you are missing out if you have never eaten here, seriously.We have been coming regularly for over 12 years.  One of our all time favorite restaurants.  We almost always bring company in town here.  The food is amazing.  The cost is so cheap!!Always order the same thing... Vegetarian combonation plate.  Comes with 2 stuffed grape leaves, 2 falafil balls, babjanoush, tabouli and yogurt salad.For the appetizer we always get Lebni and the plate is literaly licked clean.I can't encourage you enough to order hand made pita bread with all of your items.My husband and kids also love the chicken and beef schwarma as well as the chicken kabobs.  They always order the carbonated yogurt soda- yuck!!
4	The Shawrma wasn't the best. I don't believe it was off the rotating skewer, as it tasted like grilled chicken. The ground meat however was delicious. I had all their meats, and chicken by far was my favorite. It was very juicy and flavorful!For apps, I order the Hummus and Lebni. The Lebni, was plain and excellent. Great place, there is also a nice grocery store as well.
5	Ok, there's not much I can say that over 150 reviews haven't already said... so I'll keep this brief.  Tasty hummus and pita - checkDelicious gyro sandwich - check (pickle was new to me but tasty)Amazingly good lil baklava treats - check Great prices - check check check (under $10 a person)You get the picture... everything was delicious and prices are super.  I have a feeling that this will be a new regular joint for the roomie and me.  We love great food at great prices.  (And the baklava alone is reason to stop in for a quick treat - even if you're not hungry!)See ya there!
5	Awesome!  Our new "go" to place for middle eastern food.  Much, much better than Baiz Market.  Also, extremely cheap.  We had the koubeh and kibbedeh plates, along with sides of foul, falafel, a yogurt soda and two orders of baklava to go for the amazingly small sum of $27.  How are you going to beat that ?   Due to the unexpectedly huge portion sizes, we ended up taking most of it home.  Everything was delicious and the service was very fast even though it was packed.  Head and shoulders above every other middle eastern place I've eaten at in town.  Highly recommended.
4	Excellent Middle Eastern food. Superb prices. Associated with a great grocery. Whatever you need to make your favorite mid east dish is here. Multiple choices for baklava. Great beef shwarma...hard to find and done well here. Good choice for lunch. Busy atmosphere. Basic table/chair configuration but not uncomfortable.
4	Two words:  Chicken shawarma.  That is definitely not an original thought when it comes to this place - but it is that tasty!I am one of the most picky eaters in Phoenix and I am usually very much about "atmosphere" - but this place ROCKS.If you are new to the valley (can't imagine another scenario where you wouldn't have been here already) you MUST GO!
1	Three words:  food borne illness.  Frankly, their food isn't tasty enough to warrant the risk.
5	Love, Love, Love this place! Authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap. Our family of 3 always eats for less than $20.  My favorite is the gyro delux sandwich, the feta is fresha nd sharp and there is a TON of it on the sandwich. The labne is usually made fresh every day except sunday. The homeade pita bread is warm and fluffy. There was one time we ordered chicken and it wasn't cooked all the way through so that would be my only gripe about this place. This isn't an upscale scottsdale d-bag place, this is a simple, fast, and friendly place to get your grub on.
5	One time, of many, I had lunch at Haji's by myself.  I had the best lunch ever and ordered a Turkish coffee.  That was theee best cup of coffee I ever had.  I mean I felt like I had traveled a million miles away.  Seriously!  I felt like I was in the middle east.  and you'd think that a cup of strong Turkish coffee would have had me bouncing off the walls for the rest of the day.  Baby PLEASE!  I went home and was knocked out for the rest of the afternoon.  Just a lovely, lovely food experience.        ..... and I love to buy my ME groceries there too.
5	Better than the pita jungle falafils.  Kinda weird with the grocery store/restaurant thing butgood food.
4	The ambiance was a little concerning. It was pretty dirty and there were tables unbussed. Still, the food was exceptional. You NEEEEED to try the Rosewater lemonade. The hummus was great, and the lamb shish kabob was mouthwatering.
4	I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. The only reason why I don't go more often is lack of funds.I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
5	A great place my wife and her friends alerted me to. Tucked away in a market, this place services excellent middle eastern food.  I order the gyro platter.The plate is huge and comes with a huge salad, large amount of rice and gyro meat.  I couldn't get enough of the rice. This is my second favorite rice after Moby Dick (east cost) My only complaint is you receive only a small ll piece of flat bread to go with the meal.I also appreciate the large water glass and not a small glass that requires several refills over the course of a meal.Payment is done at the market register.You receive excellent value for what you pay for. A meal for two will cost about $15 (or less) I will be going back to this place again and again!
4	Excellent food at a very reasonable price! Fun atmosphere. Get there early...it fills up fast!
4	Gyros Sandwich under $4, that's my kind of a meal. I think it was a beef and lamb combo with lettuce and yummy tzatziki sauce, wrapped in scrumptious pita bread. I also ordered the hummus, which was $2.50 - not worth it in my opinion. I think the flavored hummus at grocery stores taste better and it'll be less expensive too. Haji-Baba is definitely a hole in the wall, with little fruit flies and flies buzzing around, but the taste is great, and the price is fair.Note: If you want to eat at the restaurant, just have a seat at any table on the right hand side and a waiter will come with menus and take your order. If you want to take it to go, then go straight to the register and they'll take care of you.After you finish eating at the restaurant, bring that little receipt stub left at your table to the cash register, and they'll ring you up. :)
5	Their food is amazing -- all of it.  Love the gyro, veggie combo, greek salad, shawerma, falafel, baba ganoush.  Make a point to order the house-made pita instead of the Armenian bread.  Always great service.I'm also a big fan of the grocery store part of the joint.  You just have to try one of their baklavas -- walnut, almond, pistachio or cashew -- all divine.  Fab for tea and spices, too.
4	Definitely my favorite middle eastern cuisine in the Valley and I was reminded again yesterday. Sad but I always get the same thing: Chicken shawarma plate. You can't go wrong with this and It comes with so much food including rice, to-die-for hummus, a pita and tabouli all yummy and at excellent value too.The ambiance is nothing to write home about, that is why I take away one star. Part of it is a grocery store with some really great ingredientes you can't find anywhere else, which is cool but can be awkward if you are trying to order take out and someone is checking out their grocery cart full of items in front of you. The food and price more than make up for the lacking ambiance.
4	There's a reason why Yelpers are singing praise for Haji-Baba.  The few skeptics must have not taste for good food or must come from Middle Eastern families and hate anything not cooked by their mothers and grandmothers.Haji-Baba is one of the better Middle Eastern eateries I have had the pleasure to try.  Not just in Tempe but anywhere (including NYC and Toronto).  I had the shish kebab plate that included generous portions of rice and salad along with the chunks of lamb.  It came with a pita slice too.  It's an unorthodox place.  You're given a ticket that you present to the cashier.  Anything you may purchase from the grocery side will be added.  If you cook you might enjoy the wide variety of spices and other items for sale.  They even sell a few edibles from Croatia and Serbia.Be sure to try the baklava.  They have a few varieties.  I tried the Queen Baklava and it was fantastic.  One of the best I've had.
5	Try their Chicken Swarma plate! Try their chicken Swarma plate! OK now that you know that I have to say this place is good. I might be overrating it a little bit since their beef Kafka is dry but their Chicken Swarma is great! The best I've had outside of the middle east. The prices are low, the service is adequate, and the food is great. Be sure to pick up some baklava or other dessert on your way out.
5	My husband and I have been going here for a few years now. It is one of our favorite places. Really low key, affordable, amazing food! Between the 2 of us our bill is never more than $10 and we are always stuffed! I love how casual it is and the humus cannot be beat!
2	2 stars - I've experienced better, many times. Anyone who reads my reviews may come to the conclusion that I eat out just so I can write bad reviews. I assure you this is not the case. I always want to be wowed when I go to a restaurant. Nothing is more of a let down than mediocrity during the sacred dining hour. In a nutshell, it's a neat little place and our service was very good. Nothing was horrible. Appetizer was quite tasty, but the pita was flimsy and had no taste to it. Entree was OK, but the little bubble gum size, chewy chicken is disgraceful. Not appetizing at all, pushed it all to the side.Arabic (or Turkish) coffee was good, but done too quickly. It's supposed to slowly rise to the top 3 times before being served. I know, you're busy and it's a pain in the ass, but that's how it's done, and tastes much better when cooked properly. Also should have had more cardamom and sugar, but that's probably just my personal taste.
5	Love love love this place.  Tasty with great prices... who can beat that?  My newest thing is to order a gyro-to-go and enjoy it at home.  I'm a mom now so eating at a restaurant is a lot harder than it used to be. hahaSee ya there!
5	I've ate here a couple of times, after many recommendations from several friends. The food is awesome with a price to match. I love the gyros and swarmas. My first swarma was in when I was stationed in Jebel Ali. This is about as close as it gets. Definitely a must try, if you already havent.
5	Falafel sandwiches here are tasty, filling, and cheap. Really, it is the best value in all of Tempe. Super affordable, and the falafel are quite tasty. I've had better falafel other places, but this place comes pretty close to being the best. Also, I love their different varieties of baklava. Almond is my favorite!
5	After being hungry for this place for 8 months, I finally made it back here today, joined by friends Arlin B., Robyn N., Norm R., & Mike C.  I had a regular gyro, a good sized square of kibbee, & a salad with Middle Eastern dressing (of course!).The gyro in particular was still the most amazing one I've ever eaten, except for the last time I was here!  My friends carped about this & that & the other thing, but for ME, & what I eat here, this place ROCKS!  We're talking amazing food at amazingly low prices!     :-))BIG Gyro $3.69, kibbee $1.99, regular dinner salad $1.29!
5	Great Gyros & baklava authentic Indian market as well.  Hidden Gem here, great place for lunch, cheap prices to boot.
3	I was joined here today with Robyn N.,Norm R.,Arlin B., and Rand H. and this is one of those places I have heard a lot of hype over the great food with great prices. well the only thing I really liked was the Gyro and it was real good.The kibbee one star the meaty egg roll two star and the thing wrapped in grape leaves one star.The place is also very blah!!! I as well would rather eat at the near by Cafe Istanbul.
5	I was with a friend for random chase for Mediterranean cuisine, and we ran into this little grocery store/mini restaurant.  Chicken gyro for $4 is unheard of these days.  The size of the gyro is almost like a burrito and is extremely filling.  The full plate comes with the meat, plenty of rice, hummus, and salad for just $7.  The tastes are very flavorful and authentic.
5	The BEST chicken shawarma in AZ hands down.  I started my Haji love affair in college, and have introduced many friends to this charming little hole in the wall over the years.  The ambiance is not great, but the food more than makes up for it.  They are crazy that they are still this inexpensive, where else can you get a gyro for under $5?!  I always get the same thing tho, the chicken shawarma.  It comes with a big plate of rice, hummus, taboule, and garlic sauce.  O.m.g. good.  Bonus that I get to also do a lil grocery shopping on my way out.
5	I am so glad I found this place because I no longer have to make baklava when ever I get the craving. Yes I know there are places to get baklava around Phx but they were either too soggy, too sweet, too sugary, too stale, etc. Something was always wrong. But this place is definitely a diamond in the rough. They have a basic selection of middle eastern food like the sherwarma and the kabobs, which are all very tasty and well prepared and much cheaper than the Persian Room (I'm not the biggest fan of the Persian Room bc its just not worth the drive and money unless you are on a date and trying to impress someone). They also have a great selection of baklava like almond, pistachio, cashew, walnut, and the princess which is think is a combination of all the nuts. Regardless of what you get, you will be happy (both mouth and wallet). The downside is that since it is in a grocery store, its a bit crowded and sometimes the wait can be a bit long, but I don't really mind the wait bc I know everything is fresh and prepared when ordered.
3	I'm sorry to say this but this business has gone done in the past few years.  I used to eat here *regularly* when I attended/worked at ASU (00-05).  It was always busy and the service was authentic and the food was authentic (at least all my engineering middle-eastern friends would say). Their hummus was outstanding and this place introduced me to my favorite dish, lamb kefta.  So I was in the neighborhood yesterday and decided to re-live that experience.  They still use good pitas, but the kefta was not how it used to be (they don't even offer lamb kefta anymore, just ground beef!).  The hummus was good, but it lacked the clean taste of a good oil (they may have gone cheap and used canola oil instead of evoo).  The kefta sandwich was soggy and loaded with the lowest quality lettuce I've seen in a while.  I did grab a few market items (always have been reliably stocked), but I was very disappointed with the food.  Let me add that when I used to go there, this place was always busy w/ middle easterners - both as clients and as the servers.  Now, it's nothing like that (it's all non-middle easterners).  I'm just thinking it's lost its authenticity, ergo the change in customer demographics.
5	I've been eating here since I first moved to Arizona in the '90s.  There was a time I worked nearby and had as many as 3 lunches a week here.  The quality has never varied.  This is also my daughter's favorite restaurant and the place she picked for her birthday dinner last week.  Gotta like that since they are so inexpensive.The hummus and hand-made pitas are the best in town. Forget town.  They are the best I've ever had.  I'm speaking as someone who has eaten  his fair share of pitas, from Connecticut to NYC to CA and AZ.   YOU MUST REMEMBER TO ORDER THE HAND-MADE PITAS.  They cost a little extra (some like .25 if I remember correctly) but are worth every penny.  I can't even eat the non-handmade pitas after having them.  If you order a sandwich, make sure to request them.  You'll thank me later. I've had pretty much every meatless item on the menu, and everything is good.  The vegetarian sampler plate is my usual choice, but the falafel sandwich and dolmas plate are also very good.Make sure you order the hummus as an appetizer.  The lebni is also good but if you order both, you'll have leftovers.  I generally order way more handmade pitas than I need and take the leftovers home. They also have a grocery selection, including olives and feta cheese.  I stocked up on baked giants beans in tomato sauce last week.  They are perfect with those pitas.  Go now, get the hummus and pitas, and yell me I'm wrong. It is also the perfect place to take a group to lunch.  None of this asking for separate checks here.  You'll also never wait for a check.  They give you a slip after you order, you bring it up front and tell the cashier which items are yours.  Honor system.Nice people, too.
5	consistently fresh and delicious. You can call ahead for pick up and have your order in under 10min. If you're going for take out i recommend that you order your Feta when you arrive instead of as a side order (they have a dry goods market inside w/ deli). Also... LOVE, LOVE, LOVE their coffee. you can buy it by the lb in light, medium, or dark roast. DO NOT have it ground if you don't like super fine grinds. 7yrs of eating there weekly and I miss it dearly already.
5	This is by far the BEST Middle East restaurant i have ever been to.I have read a lot of good reviews of this place and it lives up to it.The hummus is simply superb, it with the bread melts in the mouth. and I had chicken shawarma which was delicious.The service was fast and courteous.I moved from San Jose , CA and with the restaurant options up there i had hard time finding good ones here in Tempe.Well here is one i love to go over and over again.
5	I rediscovered Haji Baba recently, after eating here years ago and remembering it for having great, reasonably priced Middle Eastern food.  Coming here again, I am sad I didn't come here sooner after moving back to Arizona!  The chicken shawarma is to die for.  Perfectly grilled chicken is complemented with moist fluffy long grain rice, fresh tabbouli, excellent hummus, and an exquisite whipped garlic sauce.  They have some of the best hummus I've had since moving back here.  I've also been happy with their kibbee dish, which is kind of like the Middle Eastern version of meatloaf.  Food is prepared quickly, and while they do charge $.50 for any soda refills, I don't mind so much as long as they keep making that divine chicken shawarma.  I've also tried their vegetarian combo plate, and while I appreciate the enormous amount of food and great variety they give you with this dish, I think their main forte is in their meat dishes.
5	Great food and service. A awesome hole in the wall joint. Chicken swarma is excellent.
5	i recommend making the people you go with order several things so you can have a bite of everything.everything is good. so good. i think the gyro meat was my favorite, their pitas are so fluffy and soft... like little cushions from heaven sent to earth with the sole purpose of harnessing that delicious meat. i can't even remember everything we had but i know i liked every bite and you will too. we had like 3 days of left overs as well, but we went a little over board in our ordering.
5	Sit on side if busy. Henna is of okay quality but I would not use it again on my hair, instead use the body quality henna on your hair. The Arabic coffee is a great treat before or after your meal, so thick and chocolatey.  I hate Pita Jungle and places like Haji's is why!It can get kind of loud with people running their mouth and the place being so small with sounds bouncing off of the walls, but if you bring enough people with you to strong-arm a big enough table you are set to at least be comfortable.
3	I've been to Haji-Baba's a couple of times now and I must say... my visits have not been met with consistency in the quality of their food.  Haji-Baba is SUPER popular as you can see by the Yelp reviews of this place.  The main reason for their popularity I think is due to their prices.  Their prices are almost ridiculously low for the portion sizes you get when compared to other Mediterranean ~ Greek type of restaurants.     I did find something I liked at Haji-Baba. I recommend you try their Gyros.  It's a really good Gyros and is one of the best in the Phoenix metro.  They don't shave their Gyros meat like at the other places.  They cut their Gyros meat off in long chunks, different sizes.  This adds another level of "delicious-ness" when compared to Gyros at other locations.  They OVER STUFF their Gyros with meat, a small amount of tomatoes, red onions and pickled wild cucumbers with some tzatziki sauce.  The pickled wild cucumbers were unexpected and a nice change from other plaecs that serve Gyros.  My Gyros needed a bit more tzatziki, but my server was slammed and forgot it, oh well.As for everything else on their menu ~ meh, I've had better.  Their dolmades, rice and kibbee all tasted old and over cooked.  The shawarma and falafels also tasted over cooked and were very dry for my liking.  Restaurant location and condition~ 2 to 3 starsService ~ 3 starsFood ~ 2 to 3 stars (except for the Gyros which are 4.5 stars)Prices ~ 5 plus starsI'm looking forward to going back for another Gyros and maybe I'll try their hummus and/or a Greek salad on my next.  Hope to see you there.
4	I feel like the Haji-Baba experience is a coming of age one for Yelpers, and now I can join the club!I came here today for lunch with Jon S. and our friend. We were quickly seated at a table in a mostly full dining room. Got our menus and our server came by soon enough to take our drink orders. Per other yelpers, I had the Turkish coffee with some water. Jon S. ordered some babaganush (btw excuse my spelling for this whole review, their menu isn't online so I have no idea how to spell these things). HEED THE ADVICE OF THOSE who say splurge the extra 30 something cents and get the handmade pita. It is worlds better than what you would get otherwise. So we munched on the babag and pita and decided what to get. Our friend had been there once before and she got one of the veggie sandwiches, and because there's so much on the menu, Jon and I each got the combination plate. Not too long after, everything came out pretty quickly and hot. Even though I looked at what came with the plate, I had no idea what I was eating so I took it one item at a time. Gyro meat = BOMB. mmm it was so good. Not-handmade pita bread = disappointing after having the homemade version. Kibbi = I would compare it to the American meatloaf. It was a loaf that was tasty but a little dry. Falafel = I was full when I got to tasting he falafel, but I really liked it. Fried egg roll = Can't remember if there was another name for this, but it was surprisingly good. Filled with a bunch of beef, very good.Stuffed grape leaves = Jon kinda hyped this up as he had heard good things about it. Eh, I guess it's an acquired taste, it was pretty bland, but tolerable when dipped in tzatziki. Tabouli = the "salad' on the plate. It was pretty citrusy and bitter for my taste, but Jon really liked it. And I think that covers everything. While I wasn't a HUGE fan of the entire meal, it was definitely fresh, homemade, and a quality meal. And even though we tried a bunch of stuff, it wasn't nearly everything on the menu. I'll certainly be back.
5	I could use their pita bread and wrap every meal I have in it.  Great stuff!
5	No wait, cheap prices, and excellent taste. The best hummus and falafel sandwhichs in town. Be sure you order the pita's hand made.
5	I guess it is finally time to write a review about Haji-Baba. This place is great, from the restaurant to the to-go service to the grocery store. This place is great, easy to get to, and has almost everything you need at reasonable prices. My friend loves the food here. He has sampled most things on the menu and has fallen in love with the chicken shawarma.  About once every three weeks, he can speak of nothing else until he gets an order of shawarma. I love the spanakopita and the vegetarian sampler. The apricot juice is great too. Really intense flavor, but really refreshing. Also, a great selection of baklava. Cashew is my favorite so far.The market/grocery side is great too! Lots of wonderful things for cooking at great prices. We found black mustard seeds here after looking everywhere in town and coming up empty handed. And let me tell you about the dates! Best prices in town to buy dates. I don't think there is anything else I can say, you must go here and love the food.
5	Haji Baba is by far my favorite restaurant!  In fact, I fear ever having to move from my current residence as it might mean I wouldn't be within a 5 mile radius.  The service is friendly and fast, and they always remember my favorite order.  My favorites by far are the Gyros!  I've never found a recipe so flavorful and moist.  I can't recommend this place more.  If you're a fan of Middle-Eastern cuisine, there's no way you can pass up this gem.
4	I haven't actually eaten there for lunch but their baklava is the best I've ever had!
4	Good and Cheap!  What more do you need?  If you're a fan of mediterranean, you'd be doing yourself a misdeed by not giving this place a try.I had the beef shawarma.  It was like brisket with a middle eastern sauce wrapped into a pita.  Awesome.  The only problem was that it was really, really messy.  the sauce leaked all over the place.  Napkins are a must.  My friend had gyro.  I took a small bite of the meat.  It may have been the best gyro ever!  I'll have to give a full one a try for myself someday.  The several types of baklava are delightful treat.  We went with cashew, pecan, and walnut.  All three were wonderful.One big negative.  Only two pieces of pita came with our order of hummus.  Not even close to enough.  Make sure to order an extra (or two).  The hummus, like everything else, is fantastic.  The pita is pretty good, but nothing special by itself.I didn't set foot inside, so I cannot tell you what it's actually like in there.  But the food is awesome.
4	Cheap, authentic, and yummy!!!
5	Why didn't I know about this place? I guess my friend Sarah has been hounding me to go here for years, but tonight was my first visit. Where's my time machine so I can go back and eat here more.I was torn whether to give it a 4 or a 5... The decor is an afterthought - in fact, the restaurant part of it seems to be tacked on to an international foods market. The market side has some amazing foods you won't find in many other places around the Valley - definitely worth going out of your way to check out. There were 3 of us, and we grabbed a table and sat down. It didn't take long to decide what we wanted - turns out we just about wanted a little bit of everything. The prices on the menu looked like they were from another time. I thought they gave us the old menus by accident. Let me put it this way - the prices were so low, I questioned the quality of the food I was about to eat... We placed our order, and within a few minutes our table was filled with plates of beautiful food. This was as troubling as the prices - fast food prices and fast food service usually mean fast food and subsequent ring sting. Well, this is not the case. The food here was fantastic. I would say the food is a solid 4. It's not the best example of gyros and hummus etc that I've had, but it ranked quite high. It was delicious and flavorful, and everything seemed to be really fresh. I cleaned my plate and picked at just about everything - we all shared a bit. Every mouthful was a treat. The service was more fast and efficient than it was friendly, but I never felt unwelcome. In a place like this, I'd rather have a no bullshit sort of experience. Just get this food into my bloodstream as expediently as possible. Really though, the service was plenty nice. After we finished eating, we wandered around the market side and shopped a bit. We wanted to take so many things home with us - teas, sweets, spices, honey, and assorted unique items... We're definitely going back. This is a divey hole-in-the-wall that deserves all the praise it is getting. If it turns out to be as reliable and consistent as I've heard it is, we're going to be regulars. If you twisted my arm to complain, I would say it is pretty inconveniently located (or extra convenient depending on from where and how you get there) - I just find it a bit of a pain in the ass trying to drive around and make turns on Apache since the Light Rail went live. I can tell you this - if you're thinking of eating at Pita Jungle down the street - give this a shot instead. I still love Pita Jungle, but this wins on price and speed, ties on deliciousness, and only loses on decor. It's not a first date spot - it's more of a 4th date spot... impress her with the awesome and interesting eclectic hole in the wall joint.
4	My uncle, 2 cousins, my partner, her 2 boys and myself all decided to try this place out a couple weeks ago for dinner. Most of us are very familiar with Middle Eastern food so we had a pretty good idea of what to get and how things should taste. First, it's a small place, with tables sort of thrown into an add-on to a Mid-Eastern market, so larger parties may have an issue getting seated right away. It took them almost 20 minutes to seat us, but that's not entirely their fault. I mean, you have to work with what you've got, right? Just be prepared to wait if there's more than, say, 5 or so in your group.The market is kind of nifty, so take the time to browse if you get there and are waiting for a table or for people to show up. Lots of spices, and you can ogle the half dozen different types of baklava they have up front. Yes, I said half a dozen. Pistachio, walnut, pecan, almond, and a couple others. They also have Bulgarian feta, which I haven't had since I left Bangkok, and I highly recommend if you're a fan of Greek feta. I'll be going back for a nice big chunk, this I can promise you. Now the food: My partner's two boys are two of the pickiest eaters I know, so we got them the chicken kebab sandwich. I didn't get to try it, but they both finished their plates, so I'll take that as a positive testimonial. My partner and I shared a variety of things: gyros, kebab, chicken shwarema, rice, hummus (which on the menu is spelled "homos," much to the amusement of the kids), and tabouli, with homemade pita bread. My cousins both got the veggie platters and I honestly don't remember what my uncle got. :) The gyros and kebab were phenomenal, extremely flavourful, and the gyros was the best I'd had in a long time. I think the chicken shwarama was my favourite though. It almost melts in your mouth and the flavours are fantastic. The hummus was very good, especially with the homemade pita. (Definitely pay the extra for the "real" stuff. Store bought just doesn't cut it here.) I'm not really a huge fan of tabouli, but my partner seemed to like it well enough. One great little surprise for me were the dolmas (stuffed grape leaves). A traditional Greek dish, I'm never really a fan. My dad makes these by the bucketful and freezes them. Usually, for me, they tend to be bitter and too bland, but I got to try one off of one of the veggie plates and it was actually REALLY good. I honestly think it may have been the best dolmades I've ever had. So I'd recommend it. To drink I took a risk and got the yogurt soda. Anyone familiar with Indian food will most likely have tried lassi at one point of another.... this is NOT lassi. This is definitely an acquired taste, but if you want to try something different, give it a shot. It is literally plain, unsweetened yogurt with soda water. No one else at my table liked it, but I thought it was different and in its own way, rather refreshing. We shared the pistachio and pecan baklava at the end of the meal. Fresh, homemade and soooooo good! I have lots of reasons to go back, one of which would be the bill at the end of the night. Keep in mind, there were 4 of us on our tab, 2 kebab sandwiches, 3 drinks, my yogurt soda, the chicken shwarama plate, a kebab, a gyros and 2 baklava and it all came up to about $35. You really can't beat that.
4	liked this vibe inside with the market restaurant combo.  quiet environment and prompt service makes for a good dinner.ordered 3 items off the smaller plate menu thinking i wouldnt be overindulging.  i was wrong.  ordered hummus, nothing special there but would order it again as hummus really isnt anything special in the first place.  greeek salad was really good, could have used a little less dressing, but the olives alone were worth it.  also got the chicken schwarma.  everything in all was fresh and large servings.  cool little middle eastern spot for a cheap filling meal.
5	DROOL. Every time I want Middle Eastern food (and I am today but Seattle sucks for such thing thus far)....I think of Haji Baba. Introduced to me as one of the first restaurants I ate at when I was a freshman at ASU (wow that was 6 years ago-- I'm old). What I miss most is the chicken shawarma plate that I would order with salad instead of tabooli and hummus (no offense to tabooli-- it's great here but I'm not a fan). Their hummus is good because it is made with the right ingredients and it's simple. Hummus should be kept simple.  The shawarma garlic sauce with the sririacha-- is a true delight.  What else is good: EVERYTHING! Falafel, gyro, shawarama salad, all their appetizers. Their lemonade is homemade and not too sweet. It has a weird flavor that gives it a " what is this?" appeal. Also in AZ when it's hot, drinks = must because the water sucks. Don't  forget to get a baklava. They have like 6 or 7 diff varieties and they are all delicious. You can also check out their small market which is a part of the restaurant and has a wide variety of middle eastern random goods and spices. Big portions (I always had lots of leftovers), cheap food and a simple approach. I MISS YOU HAJI BABA and I promise I will go back to you every time I visit.
4	Love this place!Fast service, cheap food and TASTY. Best for a quick bite with a bunch of friends or when you are lazy to cook. Serving size is good and portions are filling. Closes before 8 on weekdays, closed on Sunday.If you like Greek food, you will like it.
5	Are there really words in the English language to describe how wonderful this food is?  Not even close.  This is by far the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've had in the valley.  Lots of entrees to choose from, so many different desserts, and if you're feeling bold, you can try one of their unique drink options. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)-/+ Sometimes the wait can be long, especially during lunch hour.  But I wouldn't say that this should keep you away.  The food is worth it.+ Chicken Shawarma+ Gyros+ Lots of food.  Sometimes you have to roll me out to the car when I'm done... and I STILL have left overs.+ Friendly, helpful staff that will make you feel at home.-/+  Decor.  I've heard some people hate on the "look" of the restaurant.  It's not a wine and dine kind of place and honestly, it's not that bad.  It's just a bunch of tables and chairs, but is that what you're there for?  No, you're there for the amazing, bountiful meal that your little tummy has been begging for.  It's clean, whether some people say that or not.  I'm pretty sure they wouldn't win Best-of awards for almost 30 years if they were bad at keeping things picked up.
5	My aunt and all my cousins love coming here and it's no wonder why. Visiting for xmas vacation, my aunt showed my mom and my family this spot the first day we arrived. I didn't go but my mom craved this place during our trip and went back a second time-this time with me.So basically it's a store with a small kind-of restaurant inside. Serves middle eastern food, I am leaning towards more greek because of grape leaves and the gyros..Anyhoo, I had a gyro which is lamb, a yogurt sauce, tomatoes and lettuce in a pita type bread. I absolutley cannot stand lamb, I refuse to eat it not because of the taste but...it's a lamb...a fuzzy cute...anyways...YES I broke down and ate it. I was super starving and it didn't really taste like how I remembered when I first tried lamb...it was really good. My aunt had a veggie platter and everyone also had a gyro and my sister had a gyro platter.I will come back here again when we visit the family, I think it is probably a staple and as for the lamb...probably the only time I will ever eat it, if it's in a gyro at Haji-Baba.
5	Consistent excellent quality food. Best chicken shawarma sandwich I've had, and I have had quite a few-no other comes close to this one! Very fairly priced, generous serving. Add feta to the sandwich-they give you heaps and only charge a little extra. Thinking about moving to Tempe just so I can eat here every day :0)
5	Holy lamb of Allah, that's a good gyro! And unlike most religious experiences, this one came cheap! Just $4 for the best Gyro I've had, and I've had a lot of them.
5	TL;dr amazing mediterranean food, with plenty of meat options that will blow your mind. you've never had meat like this before.I'm really confused as to how I don't have a review for this place already. After living in Tempe/Phoenix for over 20 years, I remember craving gyros from Haji Baba even as a kid. In fact, I would venture to say Haji Baba and Baiz Market are the oldest, quality middle eastern shops in the valley.Apparently my friend has never been here before, and I decided I would be a terrible friend if I never took him. Of course, he had trouble finding it because he thought it was a restaurant "restaurant" and not a hole-in-the-wall type place.We were seated even though it was lunch, didn't take more than 10 minutes for our gyro plates to come out which were piled high with succulent gyro meat. To perfectly complement the star of the dish, there was white rice and a salad with plenty of unique dressing. Gyro meat by itself is usually amazing, simply because its meat, but when its accompanied with an amazing sauce, it really becomes stellar. The "white sauce" or what I think is an iteration of tsaziki sauce is perfect for the juicy ground lamb meat. If you haven't had gyro before and you want to give a try, I would definitely get the gyro plate at Haji Baba.I almost forgot to mention that you can't leave Haji Baba without trying their baklava. Take your pick at which nuts you want. pistachio, almonds, walnuts, mixed, etc. Aside from their restaurant food, my family usually buys groceries from here. One of our staples is pita bread, and you can usually get a box of pita bread for like $13. Freeze some of it, and use the rest as you wish. It goes perfectly with store bought hummus and foul (fava beans).
5	One of my favorite places to eat! Authentic middle eastern food! The iced tea is addicting, i get cravings for just that sometimes! Every time I go in i just cant help myself and order the Vegetarian plate, you get so many choices of delicious food and its all so amazing! I wish it were closer to my house or had delivery, it would be a weekly meal then! I also had them cater baklava for my wedding party and I kid you not the two huge trays we ordered went faster than the alcohol!!! much love for this place... and to add to all the ++++'s they have a store built in so you  can buy alot of the food to make at home as well!!
4	Got the combination plate, I'm not very familiar with Middle Eastern food so I'm not sure I'm a good judge.  The gyro meat was a little greasy..I liked the thing that looked like egg roll and the thing that looked like hush puppies..  Wasn't a huge fan of the thing that looked like dark corn bread and the salad type couscous thing.  The chicken kabob, koobideh and beef kabobs were not very flavorful and slightly burned.LOVED the pistachio baklavas!  Which is why I'm giving it 4 stars..  :)
3	A-Ok.  I had the gyro plate which comes with a really fresh salad with yummy dressing.  The tzaziki  (sp) sauce was really good.  The rice side was bland with no seasoning of any kind at all.Lots of food for the $$.
4	The sign out front may be sun faded, but the inside is alive and thriving!  Haji-Baba offers solid, down-home Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food at very reasonable prices and the well-equipped store make this a worthwhile stop for any ethnic food lover.  One half of Haji-Baba is a small, tightly packed ethnic food store.  The other half is a small, tightly packed restaurant.  While space is certainly limited on both sides, the selection at Haji-Baba is huge!The store side features everything from large pans of fresh-baked pastries and desserts behind the counter to rows of hard to find spices and aisles of rare, imported ingredients at prices that make exotic cooking at home reasonable for the casual cook like me!The restaurant side delivers good, authentic food at acceptable prices.  None of the menu items are particularly unique and the overall quality of the food tends to match the cafe styling more than fine dining, but all of the dishes I've tried have been well portioned and tasty!  Space is very limited, though, so groups larger than 4-6 aren't suggested.Don't hesitate to stop here if you're in the area!  Even if you're not hungry, Haji-Baba has a lot to offer!
5	The best gyro you will have in Arizona...or maybe anywhere.Love the grocery selection.Everyone there is really nice.And you can buy a BUCKET of dates for like $6.
3	I am conflicted.  Haji-Baba, as a restaurant, has some five star strengths and some one star weaknesses.  The strengths: very large portions of food, all of which are appealing even to people who are not familiar with middle eastern cuisine; low prices; an ethnic grocery attached which is a pleasant diversion while you are waiting for your food.  The weaknesses: virtually everything is underspiced, so you get tired of it after two or three bytes.  Apparently, lemon and garlic are spices-non-grata in this kitchen, and even salt and pepper are used sparingly.  For $2.60 you get enough hummous for two, as an appetiser, but you won't want to finish it.  It reminds me a lot of paste.  And the pita (bread) was going stale. Exceptions: their take on a meat-stuffed eggroll, and, believe it or not, the gyros.  Also well-spiced: a variety of sauces which helps offset the blandness of the food.  I must also comment on the tabouleh (which here means ground parsley) served as a huge mound on most plates; it would feed a baseball team, but it, too, is tasteless.  Other, much smaller, issues: it can get crowded, the ambiance does not exist, and they have an odd system for paying your check which puts you in a line with the people buying groceries and can be slow.Hints:1.  Order the Combination plate.  For $12 it is definitely enough for two average appetites and you don't get bored so easily.  2.  They have a large grocery using the same name 3/4 mile east. The restaurant is a smaller place hidden away in a strip mall.
3	ok, im a little jaded writing this review..living my life in dearborn for 30 years ive had the best of middle east fare....moving to AZ its hard to find good middle eastern food..the store is awesome, great selection..Service was lacking, the manager/owner/cashier went on and on talking politics with customer in front of me..5 minutes later i ordered the shish kebob sandwich..took about 15 minutes..it was ok, no onions?this was my first visit..i plan to head back and try a combo plate and other itemsfor a wednesday the small place was packedSecond visit, tried the chicken shawama was good, not mind-blowing..wasnt made as requested third and last visit, i treated a friend,  both orders made wrong...and was ok..i will probably look elsewhere for good middle eastern food...definitely will use the store for items thoi really wanted to love this place, but more of a let down
4	So i'm not here to buy spices or shop for sheesha, i'm here for food. Lots and lots of food. Luckily for me, Haji-Baba is known for tons of food at decent prices so I have a promising evening of stuffing my face without breaking my wallet. God, I sound like a really cheap buffet commercial.But really, to be truthfully, super blunt, honest-to-go-honest truth, Haji-Baba's food is not the best in the world but it is 1) fresh, 2) good quality, 3) tasty and 4) cheap. I am sure you can find better Mediterranean food around town, but this place is really good on your wallet and fits my needs just right. And hey, 215 reviews can't be lying. THE PEOPLE LIKE IT. They like it a lot.I ordered the gyro deluxe (gyro with raw onions and feta cheese), a side order of hummus, Babaganoush (eggplant dip), tried my friends lamb tongue and a pistachio  baklava. If you are feeling adventurous and want to try the lamb tongue, lemme tell you: don't. Really, don't. There is nothing tasty about lamb tongue. It tastes slightly like roast beef but the texture resembles congealed liver patee and the big chunks are really scary. The only positive about eating tongue? Infinite pun jokes about talking about it forever. Get it?The gyro meat was pretty standard in the Gyro deluxe sandwich, the best thing about it was the creamy fresh salty feta cheese. Its the freshest i've ever had and they really DO slap it on that sandwich, like a boss. The babaganoush was also very very tasty with the pickle and the black olive- however- i would have liked bigger pieces of roasted eggplant than a hummus-like texture. The hummus was just A-OK, it needed more of a PUNCH of flavor. Last but not least, the baklava is my favorite dessert in all the land.. so obviously I enjoyed it. Heavy on the honey and not very crispy on the nuts, but pretty decent nonetheless.In conclusion, only use the tongue in your mouth and not the one on the menu, get as much feta cheese as your body can process and buy a desert to-go. BAM, lunch is served.
4	Wow! Such fantastic food! Try the Queen baklava, best I've ever had.
4	Love this place. I always tell myself to eat my way through their menu but I never do. I always get the same thing I usually do, which is the chicken shawarma plate. I love it! I get my hummus & pita fix as well as the always yummy garlic sauce on the chicken. I try and get extra garlic sauce with mine :) Get extra pita cause they do give a good serving of hummus. Also, the rice is yummy, although last time I was there, the rice was different than usual.
2	This place was unfortunately not all that amazing. You get a decent amount of food, and the prices aren't bad at all, but the food is very average, and fairly bland. I got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre. You can get better gyros at many other places in the valley.
3	Friendly wait staff.  Authentic ingredients.  However the shawarma are nothing like I had in Kuwait.  The shish kabob is worth getting.   Basmati rice needs some work.   The market next door is great.
4	My first time at this East Valley institution...had the lamb tongue sandwich...tasty!
3	Pretty darn good! Had the vegetarian combo. The falafal was super slammin'! But the hummus and baba ganoush were a little bland to me. So disappointing! Next time, I'll have what my friends had...a good old fashioned gyro! Oh, and if you dare, try the Arabic coffee. It's a jolt! One last tip, if you're going for lunch, don't go straight at noon, there's usually a long line for a table (always a good sign tho').
4	The place looks like a dump, but I have three words for you... CHICKEN SCHWARMA SANDWICH. If you put a little Sriracha on that bad boy, you will be hooked for LIFE!
4	Great value for authentic middle-eastern food. Classic hummus seems like such a simple dish, but the truth is only a few can nail it. And this simple cafe in the middle of a small Middle Eastern grocery store in Tempe is one of them. Superb texture and flavor! Also tried a gyro and gyro plate, along with some falafel, and quality seems to be consistent on the whole menu. And their rosewater lemonade is one of the best I've ever had. Fast service and awesome food for the price, and you get to purchase the ingredients in the same place afterwards to try making those recipes back home.
4	The Chicken Shawarma is awesome.  Hummus, Tabule and freshly made pita breadArabic coffee will put hair on your chest but YUM! Iced tea is the sh*t - its an orange black tea Salad dressing is freshly made and you can buy a container to take homeThe market area has great prices on spices Quick service once you finally get a table, lunch is a nightmareCall it in ahead of time & get it to go or get there early
4	I've visited Haji-Baba's twice now and I am anxious for a return trip.  FIrst, almost any ethnic restaurant with an attached grocery is going to have some good food.  With Haja-baba this is true, but it also comes at such a great value!  I've sampled the hummus, which is wonderful in its simplicity and very fresh.  Same with the tabouli.  The kibbie is brilliant and I will order that again.  On my first visit, I tried the Shish-kabob and, to my delight, they treated the lamb very kindly.  It wasn't brown and cooked to death, which is so often the fate of lamb in far too many restaurants.  On my last visit, a friend and i went to Haja-baba's with one intention: Lamb's tongue Sandwich.  If you like lamb and you're not mouth-squimish concerning texture; it's one of the best things you'll ever eat.  For me, it was heaven.  I will say, that I did order and dress it with a touch of tzatziki sauce, which made the sandwich PERFECT!  The portion, especially for the price, is as astounding as it is tasty!There's a very short list of things that will make me drive to Tempe.  Haji-baba's is near the top of that list.
2	I purposely didn't read the Yelp reviews before coming here so that I wouldn't have any preconceived notions about this place. I wanted to check this place out with fresh eyes. Some of my points here have been shared many times over in previous reviews but again, I purposely didn't read them so this review is from my eyes as a "virgin" visitor.My son and I came here last night before heading to Gammage for a play. My first thought upon entering was "Am I in the wrong the place?" Haji-Baba is a small ethnic market as well as having a small eatery inside. It is an older store and the restaurant is off to the far right side of the store. In fact, the restaurant seems like an afterthought. There are very old tables and chairs, with the cheapest silverware, napkins, plates and glasses that the restaurant supply stores carry. There is no personality to this part of the store at all. And while that isn't entirely a bad thing because I'm not afraid to visit a dive restaurant, in the case of Haji-Baba, this was just a sign of things to come. Despite being severely overdressed, we were seated at a nearby table by a polite man who came across like one of the owners. Unfortunately, he was not our server. Our server was a man who was barely audible when he did speak to us, which was nominal at best; which is to say that he said just enough to get our order and then never came back again. Our dinners came out in less than 5 minutes..which seemed very surprising to me. Although our dishes are not complex, nor is the menu as there are limited selections at Haji-Baba, I thought that there might be a little more effort, especially now that I've read so many other reviews on this place. The food was clearly pre-made and just scooped on the plate. I guess that's ok and maybe I'm spoiled and used to cooked-to-order food lately. Hard to say.The food itself was pretty good. My schwarma plate came with tabouli, hummus, rice, schwarma and 1/2 of a pita. My son's beef schwarma had rice, greek salad and schwarma. No hummus for him and he had the other 1/2 of my pita. Both of the schwarmas were fine. It was nothing special. I've had better and I've had worse. The hummus was creamy though kind of bland and the pitas were warm and flavorful...when we got more! Our first one was kind of blah. The rice was just plain white rice. The Greek salad was way overdressed to the point of soggy. The tabouli was nice though with just the right amount of crunch. Overall, this would have been a 3 star review if not for the lackluster service we received. Our server had zero personality. He never came back to check on us though he stopped at several tables near us to give them a "thumbs up" to check on them so maybe it was just us and the fact that we were dressed up that put him off. I thought initially that he might not have been comfortable speaking English as clearly most of the staff here were European but he spoke beautifully to the tables around us. Our drink vessels were bone dry. I had to flag down the guy who seated us to get extra pitas and refills on our drinks. Next time I'm in Tempe, I'll go the 1/2 mile up the street to Pita Jungle for Mediterranean food. The service was better and the food had some heart put into the process of preparation. Haji-Baba was, in a word, forgettable and that's kind of a shame because with a little work, it could be the 5 star place that so many people on here seem to think it is.
4	love the gyro plate. Rice is so good and I also dig their candy selection :)
5	I love Haji-Baba more than words can say. The food is cheap and delicous. Their iced tea is AMAZING (the best I've ever had, and I only drink iced tea and water 99% of the time)! The hummus is to die for. The pitas they make in house are fresh and delicious. I have yet to find a place as yummy as this anywhere else in the Phoenix area (or even in Seattle where I live now), and the low prices make it that much more awesome!
5	So, so, so GOOD.  Everything I've had here has been amazing. I've been coming here for over 10 years.  The food is always fresh and the service has always been prompt.  My favs - Gyro, chicken shwarma, lamb kebab, and the baklava.  Once in a while, I get the lemonade - they make it with rosewater.  You sip the lemonade and inhale through your nose and you smell roses.  It is freaking amazing.  In college, we used to get the arabic coffee to keep us awake for our late night studies.  Overall, one of my favs!
5	Always great and fast! Service is always top notch. Beware of big crowds during lunch.
5	I love this place primarily for either Chicken Schwarma or Falafels and Hummus. I am not a fan of their Gyros though. They have by far the BEST baklava ever! I especially like the Pistachio Baklava. I also go here and get spices and Chamomile tea. Their prices are very reasonable. I really like the food here! We once ordered a whole lamb they had roasted for a Pascha celebration, it was delicious!
5	The 5 star rating says it all. If anyone visits me in Tempe, there are 2 places I take them: Four Peaks, and Haji-Baba.
4	Great food for sure but that is it.  Unless you are shopping for groceries then don't expect much of anything you would not find in a cafeteria.  Yet for some reason this place just works.  The service is unusually good in a place like this and  the food comes out fast and delicious.  I have had about half of the food on this menu and have never been disappointed. Come to Haji's to be full and chat with some friends over good food.  It may have you searching for more napkins but your belly will be happy.
5	Best Gyro in Phoenix! Period! I order the Gyro DLX. The feta is awesome. Recommend.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Great Middle Eastern food at a great price. Everything you could want. This is where other restaurants get the food they serve you so why not come to the source. Love the babaganouj and hummus.
5	Truly amazing food. Surprisingly cheap for the quality and the wait time to get your food after ordering was minimal. I for one will be eating here again.
4	I'm not very familiar with middle eastern cuisine so based on reviews, I went to Haji Baba to try it out. My girl had the chicken schwarma and I had this combo plate with a various assortment of meats. I apologize for not remembering the name. Anyways, the food was delicious and for the price you can't beat it. The restaurant is located in a grocery store so don't expect to plan any first dates here. But if she's a keeper, definitely a 3rd date spot. ;)
4	Awesome place for some fine middle eastern cuisine.  I always get the Chicken Shawarma plate which comes with rice, succulent chicken (topped off with some amazing garlic sauce), tabouli, hummus, and pita bread.  This is the ultimate meal and it's under $10.  Can't go wrong, although my breath does reek of garlic afterwards.Save room for  some baklava or some other middle eastern delight for dessert. For you adventurous chaps out there: I don't recommend the yogurt soda.Also browse around the market, you can find some interesting things and a huge selection of spices.
5	I hate this place! They're soo good I don't mind waiting for an hour during weekday lunches, argggghhh!
4	We come here for the grocery, and more importantly, the food! Not the cleanest atmosphere, but they have a great selection of spices and ingredients. The wholesale warehouse a ways down the street is now open to the public and has more of a selection for grocery stuff.The restaurant is known for the food, not the service. They have a simple menu, hand cooked food, and cheap prices. Falafel is tasty and they have a good selection of necessities; tabbouleh, gyro meat, rice, salads, pitas, and dessert. You can go in and get the food for take out, or take a seat for a quick bite on the other half of the store.I would highly recommend the chicken shawarma plate. You'll be stuffed if you finish the whole thing, but I always want more, and as soon as I leave I think of the next time I get to go back and get it again. It has a great sampling of the best seasoned tabbouleh I've had at a restaurant, creamy hummus and some amazing garlic sauce. The chicken is moist and you cannot go wrong with putting sumac on everything (the dark red spice in the glass shaker on the table). Finish off with some of the amazing baklava and you'll be all set for the day!Staff is friendly, and this place is worth going to if you need middle eastern spices and canned goods that you can't get at a normal grocery store.
5	LOOOOOOVE this place! The food is awesome and the prices are too! It's a restaurant/store and is a small place but don't let it fool you... This place is great and there are always people coming through. And they have halal meat.
4	I get cheap food that's good at the time then you feel like death later.  Haji-baba has cheap food, insanely cheap food, food so cheap you would debate eating there due to the cheapness but have no choice but to give it a shot because.. ITS SO CHEAP.  The quality of the food at Haji-Baba is parallel to high end middle eastern restaurants, its FANTASTIC.  The chicken shawarma wrap I ordered was 3 dollars and change, the size of a glove box ( exaggerating but its BIG) and incredibly delicious!  I cannot recommend this place enough so good, so delicious and the price doesn't factor into the quality at all!  Go here and love it!
4	I went here yesterday for lunch with a friend, my first time ever. First, for those seeking a place with ambiance, Haji-Baba is purely functional. It is located adjacent to a Middle Eastern grocery store and there really is no decor enlivening the dining room. In other words, you come here if you like the food. I was glad to see that they serve kibbeh, which is a Middle Eastern dish I had trouble finding when I last lived in Phoenix, and so I ordered the kibbeh plate. My reaction was a little mixed. First, the plate came with sides of tabouli and hummus, and both were excellent. The hummus was smooth and creamy and nicely spiced and the tabouli was very enjoyable. My mixed feelings concern the kibbeh, which I found to be mediocre. First, I was surprised by its shape and texture. Anywhere else where I have ordered kibbeh, the kibbeh comes in the shape of a dumpling, whereas this was served like two pieces of cake from a square pan. Also, normally the bulgur wheat shell is crunchy, whereas the bulgur wheat here was soft and only lined the top of each piece. I also found the kibbeh to be slightly on the bland side. However, since the two side dishes I had here were quite good, I feel comfortable giving Haji-Baba four stars and would definitely come here again to try a different dish.
4	I recently discovered Haji-Baba and have really fallen in like with it. It's a grocery store as well that sells hard to find Mediterranean spices, juices and other foods.The restaurant section is pretty small and the decor is a bit old but the food is really good and quick. It's never too spicy and is always hot and fresh. My favorite is the chicken shawarma. The only draw back is everytime I've order a Sprite, I get water. I'm not sure if the waiters aren't paying attention or what but it happens all the time.That being said for something different I highly recommend Haji-Baba. The portions are rather large so if you're dieting I'd suggest splitting the meal with someone or going there for a cheat day!
4	The best chicken shawarma I have ever had. Just the best. The place is run down, really in need of a makeover. I don't care too much about that if the health department is okay with them. The grocery selection is okay, but better at the other location down the street. I think if they could add fresh carryout stuff--tabouleh and hummus, for instance--it would really make them a five star place.Just a great sandwich. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other stuff. How have I lived in the Valley since 1996 and not tried this before?
5	This place is super great for lunch and is really cheap. Get all of their sandwiches on handmade pita for a great experience. The arabic coffee and pomegranate juice are great as well. They only do take out on certain days of the week but don't let that stop you. This is the best Middle Eastern food in the Tempe area for sure, not to mention the most affordable! Woop Woop!
4	Good gyros at very reasonable prices. Gets crowded at lunch time, so get there early.
5	Whoa, Yelp - you really shined on this one! Reading several Yelps describing the great prices, portions and quality I had to see for myself... The location is conveniently close to the ASU campus, though you need to be ready for the turn as the place is a little hard to spot..  Wanting to spice things up for a looong Monday I felt compelled to follow the suggestions of 6-year Haji-Babanian veteran Alexis R. and went for the lamb tongue sandwich with babaganooj appetizer. The baba' came out first, quickly and with accompanying pita bread - bursting with flavor.. I'm glad the sandwich came out fast too, else I miss the chance to throw some 'ganoush in there for good measure.  The sandwich was tasty, and different (and my supernormal appetite would not have protested more meat).. Would try again, likely in the 'platter' form that includes more food and variety for under $10.  This would suffice for a good review yet the place is half devoted to a cultural grocery store! I had a nice chat with Mohammad up front, picked up 2 varieties of baklava for dessert and a packet of beef shwarma spices for a future attempt at some home cookin'!
4	I've been back two more times this week. Three times in one week to a single place is a new record for me. I have had a chance to try the koobideah and the beef shawarma. Both were very good, but to me nothing compares to their chicken shawarma. I'll keep sampling though.
4	I like Haji-Baba quite a lot. They have a delicious falafel sandwich that is priced well. If you are a vegan or vegetarian like me, this is a big deal. Granted, that's about all I can order here, but it's worth it. Probably the best part about Haji-Baba, though, is their market. The food and kitchen tools are reasonably priced.
5	Haji-Baba was recently profiled on the television show "CHECK PLEASE ARIZONA" and after the great reviews they got on the tv, we had to try it. This was our BEST "check please" experience to date!THE FOOD: make plans to go more than once, because even with the combination plates, you'll want to go back again and again until you've tasted it all! Yes, yes, the Chicken Shawerma is ah-may-zing! And yes, the portion sizes are very big (most folks leave with to-go boxes, but it's also hard not to over-order with such tasty offerings all over the menu). But the combination plates, in my opinion, are the way to go. It's not just a little bit of this and that... it's a full serving of this and that, and everything is so delicious, you'll be amazed with every bit. From the warm, delicious stuffed grape leaves to the hummous to the kebabs to, well, everything!THE DRINKS: I have to mention this briefly... I'm an iced tea fan and the tea here is wonderful. They are always so busy, I haven't slowed someone down to ask what the slightly sweet flavor is, but it's the tea itself, not a sweetener. Yum!THE SHOP: the building is 2/3 restaurant, 1/3 store... don't forget to pick up some truly fantastic baklava and/or turkish delight at the back counter register when you pay after your meal... it may be the best sweet treats you've ever had.WHEN TO GO: they get busy and you may have to wait a few minutes, but because they are also a store, you can browse the aisles for european/asian cookies and tea and such while you're waiting... and its all worth the wait. so really, it isn't when to go, it's why haven't you already? the chefs in the kitchen are masterful and the staff will make you feel right at home... and, of course, it's likely to be some of the best food you've ever had!
4	This place was great.  Nothing fancy, just a small and very busy lunch spot.  Large portions, great hummus and everything tasted amazing.  Go with a big appetite and enjoy.  Thanks to all of the Yelpers that pointed me this way!
5	Hands down the best middle eastern restaurant in the Tempe area.  You can't beat the prices, everything is always consistently good (we go here about once a week).Favorites: Hummus and Gyro Delux!Don't forget to grab some baklava too, this is the best i've ever had (and that includes having some while in the middle east)
4	I used to come here once a week but one time gyro meat was undercooked and nasty.  I haven't been back since.  But, the kefir cheese with the pita is amazing.
5	We have tried many middle eastern restaurants over the years.  I was introduced to Haji Baba during my college years - almost 20 years ago.  Hands down, it is the BEST middle eastern food around and the prices can't be beat.  We moved to Utah about 10 years ago and searched for food that was as tasty as it is here.  At the end of the meal, we would say, "well, it was okay, but it's no Haji Baba."  When we decided to move back to Arizona, the first place we went for lunch out was Haji Baba!  It continues to be delicious.I also love the market that is inside.  I buy all of my feta here as well as greek olives.  They have awesome prices on the feta and olives as well as spices that can be hard to find elsewhere.  There are several things worthy of complaining about, but the food is so good that it makes it all worth it.  This place is very popular, which makes it difficult to find a table during peak times.  Lunch is crazy busy!  The service in the restaurant leaves something to be desired.  It's pretty bare bones and definitely not at all like the nice chain greek restaurants (think My Big Fat Greek....)  We no longer eat in the restaurant, we now go for take out.  This place does a huge amount of take out so call your order in ahead of time.Great food, good portion sizes, great prices.I don't know why we keep trying different middle eastern food restaurants, it's Haji Baba's gyros that we always wish we had eaten instead!  Nothing is better!
5	My previous review still stands, though now I'm pretty much all about the Chicken Schwarma "Sandwich". I even got scolded once for calling it a "Chicken Schwarma Gyro". Since I'm all for delicious, cheap food with a side of cultural sensitivity lessons, 5 stars!
5	Haji-baba I love you!Best middle eastern food!!! :)I came here last week 3 times for the chicken shawarma plate and kabob. If I lived in Arizona I would have to come here at least once a week... it's that good!Reasonable prices, casual dining and friendly service!Stress free parking!If I ever visit Arizona again... HAJIBABA will be first on the the list!If you live in the area or visiting Arizona... and love middle eastern food... you have to eat here!Arizona I'm so jealous!I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
5	This place is a gem. there is a reason it is frequently busy. the prices are fantastic (they did FINALLY raise them a bit, and it's still cheap as hell!). the food is basic, and fresh, and tasty. ask for a side of pickles, for like .75 cents, and they will bring you a bunch of them....and they're so good! the service occasionally comes with a little attitude...but only a little. noisy, crowded, and not fancy. but the food ROCKS. i suggest the falafal sandwich for around $3. THANK YOU HAJI BABA!! oh, and not to mention they have an absolutely kick-ass middle eastern market in the restaurant! Buy your pita bread here for $1, and it's much better than the grocery store one for $3. Enjoy!
5	Love the food at haji baba. The gyro deluxe for $4 is great for a cheap lunch and I get the chicken shwarma plate if I'm really hungry. Both dishes are fantastic and very flavorful! Definitely one of the gems in Tempe!
4	Very solid middle eastern food in a below average location. Chicken shwerma was the outstanding as was the Taboule and Gyro meat. Very reasonably priced as well which is good because the atmosphere is quite bad and the neighborhood is not the greatest.Also, do yourself a favor, don't look into the kitchen when you're paying. Just don't. Clearly the health inspector is being paid to look the other way at this place. At this delicious place!!
5	Love the food and the staff is friendly. You cannot beat the price and did I mention the food is top notch!
5	I ate at Haji-Baba for the first time today and will definitely be going back! I had the beef shawarma plate and it came LOADED with food. The extremely tender beef melted in your mouth and the rice and salad complimented it perfectly. There's no doubt this place is a hit (especially for lunch). We got there before the rush but when we were leaving, there was a line forming just waiting for tables to clear. The sandwiches are a very good price as well ~$4.00 so I might try that next. If you like middle eastern food, this is the place to go!
5	If you've ever gyros hopped before, you know that not all gyros are created equal, and until today; if asked, I would have told you my favorite gyros is at Cypress Grill. I am happy to report, opinion changed!I've had this spot bookmarked for quite a while now, the trouble is that I spoiled myself by moving a mile away from where I work; I've got dining, shopping, and work all within 5 minutes. There's 4 froyo shops, 5 gyros spots, 6 grocery stores, countless dining, dive bars, comedy clubs, open mics, music and more. Travelling outside of my acceptable radius is quite the big deal. There's usually some type of planning, engagement, or craving involved that just can't happen inside my bubble. I recently was in the Tempe area and decided to strike while the iron is hot. If you visit expecting the usual quick serve, show up, eat, and leave setting - you're only partly right, but Haji-Baba is so much more. Haji is a Middle East / Mediterranean market - who also makes one heck of a gyros, and I'm happy to stamp my opinion of "Personal Favorite - thus far" on it. I ordered up a Gyros DLX - sans tomato. This thing comes falling out the pita with a generous portion of gyros, lettuce, onion, tomato, tatziki, feta cheese and all wrapped up with a hand made pita. Best yet, it's under five bucks! - if you're not into the hand made pita or fresh of the block feta cheese, it's younger brother "Gyros" comes with the same delicious lamb and beef gyros for about $3.69.Though, why stop at just the gyros? This place is flushed with great imported foods and fresh made desserts to order up from their market. Shop through aisles of items like spices, sauces, pickled beets, harissa (spicy pepper sauce), cookies, and so much more. Check in their glass case for fresh made pastires, olives, and feta cheese. On a whim I tried out one of their harissas and haven't looked back since. Now I'm blending up my favorite spicy pepper hummus with jalepeno, garlic, and harissa week after week. - message me if you want the recipe; it's awesome, I promise ;-)Happy Yelping Phoenix - break outside your bubble once in a while and you'll be surprised at what you can find!
5	You better come hungry because they pile on the food!  I never thought I'd like middle eastern food, but wanted to try something different from the daily chicken sandwich and burgers, and OMG!!! Come and get the chicken schwerma. I just have never had anything like it. The location is great but as you walk in you're going to wonder if you're in the right place. True hole in the wall gold mine!!
5	Awesome food. Highly recommend. Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat.  Check out their spices and other food stuff. Got couscous very cheap.
5	Talk about great!! I was very hesitant to go and was sure I wouldn't like Middle eastern food. I was blown away! I had the Gyro DLX minus the onion and added feta. It was out of this world. I was so surprised. It's a mixture of lamb/beef, tomatoes, cucumber mint yogurt sauce. I added in Feta (great choice). I also had a lemonade to which they add rose water. Delicious! You won't be disappointed. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but who cares? The food is great.
5	Haji-Baba's hummus is the quickest way to my heart. It is also, without question, the best hummus I have ever had. Everyone I have ever brought here agrees. It is worth making the drive from Tucson on its own.But that is not all thats fantastic about this place. The gyros here are incredible. I prefer mine deluxe which includes their home-made feta cheese, which is also just incredible. Its not as salty as most feta cheeses are, and its a bit more creamy as well. So in other words, its better than most feta cheeses by miles.The chicken schwarma is also one of my favorites. When I bring someone, I encourage that we each order one or the other and then split them so we each get half of two amazing pita sandwiches. Other favorites of mine include the baba ganouch, the chicken salad, the fallafel, and the rose water lemonade. Ahh, soooo refreshing.The sandwiches especially are extremely inexpensive and worth every penny, but everything is pretty well priced. The market inside is a great place to buy spices on the cheap and one of the best places to get things like adjvar and middle eastern breads. Fresh made baklava is also a "dont-miss-it" item. Honestly, I've been coming here since I was a little kid and there are not enough good things I can say about this place. Everyone in-the-know knows about this place. So be an upstanding, knowledgeable, productive member of society and find yourself here.
5	It rocks. Some of the best Med food in the valley. Took two of my friends there last night and they really liked it, too. Except for the part of getting pulled over by the Tempe police for temporarily stopping in the bike lane, an excellent evening was had by all.
5	I just...I find this place to be very unfair.  Why is it in Phoenix when I live in Tucson?  Why does it have way better hummus, chicken schwarma, gyros and babaganoush than anywhere I can find in Tucson?  Why do they have better home-made feta cheese than anywhere in Tucson?  Why, Haji-Baba?  Why?  I want answers!I really love hole-in-the-wall places.  This place is no exception.  Their hummus was described to me as "creamy" and I made a vomit noise.  But it is totally creamy.  But not with dairy, it's like they put it through a mill or something, because a food processor could never in a million years make it that smooth.The babaganoush was tangy and flavorful, served with freaking amazing pita bread that was warm.  The chicken schwarma was...I don't know that words can describe it.  Basically anything I say will make is sound not as good as it was.  Divine doesn't cut it.  Juicy, perfectly cooked, exploding with flavor...I mean...they work for now.  I will make up a word soon that adequately describes it.The gyro was spectacular.  The meat was seasoned to tender perfection, and they put home made feta cheese on it!  The feta cheese is not nearly as salty as any other kind I have ever had, and it was way creamier.We had rose-water lemonade, which I have indeed found in Tucson.  At the street fair.  You know, the one that happens twice a year?  I am pretty happy to find a place that has it year-round!
5	I come here for all my groceries. Not only do they have a great middle-eastern selection... They have an area to dine indoors with a great selection of middle-eastern foods at great prices. Great for families and even college students to drop by for some quick lunch.
5	Haven't been to Haji yet? Get here. And make sure to ask for extra sauce, their sour cream cucumber sauce is bomb!
2	So I found this little market place serving Mediterranean  food.  Place reminded me of little Asian market.  Disorganized and cluttered.  I was very skeptical about this place, but I read yelp review and figure what can it go wrong.... Right?Well, waited 40 mins to get my food, because they forgot my order.  Chicken was burnt.  I mean it was so black, I thought I was eating a charcoal.I made small compliant to them, they offered to give me $3 off the tab..  I would of been more pleased if they remade my food, but they were closing.  So $3 off the tab was the only option they given me..Salad was decent.  Fresh and great dressing.  Hummus was decent.  Little salty and sour compared to others.  Rice was okay, nothing special.  Food was about average to me.  I had a better experience eating at "Greek wrap" on bell road.  I don't think I will be returning to this place after the experience I've encountered.  It is not worth of waiting 15 mins for seating, getting over cooked food, and not getting my order for 40 mins.  Maybe next time, they will get my order correct, however, it is not worth the trip for average food..
5	I have been going to Haji Baba for about 18 years now and I have to say, I love, love, love Haji Baba!  Thank you for so many years of service & excellent food!
5	I have come here a bunch of times and decided it is time to write a review. I have tried many things on the menu, including the falafel, shawarma, gyro and chicken kebob and they were all great!Literally the BEST chicken shawarma I have every had in my entire life (including the when I was in the middle east). The gyro is also really good.I always sub salad for tabouleh because the salad dressing is amazing. I must come here once a week for a chicken shawarma plate with rice, hummus and salad!Highly Recommended!
5	Its about time this place got an actual review for anyone who has never been. The food is DELICIOUS and inexpensive.  Everything I've ever had there was fantastic. Of all the times I've been and all the people I've taken, I have never heard anything less than a 'wow, that was wonderful.'  Not only is the food reasonably priced, it comes in large portions in a timely manner. Just talking about it is making me crave it.  However, be warned that this place is more of a 'lunch with your friends' restaurant and less of a 'romantic date with your lover.'  While the food is delightful, the atmosphere is strange and, to be frank, slightly dirty.  From the market on the side, to the plastic glassware, to the aged chairs, this place is not much to look at.  So if you're looking for a tasty, affordable meal, Haji-Baba is a must.  If you're looking for the next hip spot, you may want to try somewhere with a little more flattering lighting.  Overall, the service is always wonderful, the food is absolutely worth it, but just know that Haji-Baba is not you're typical 5 star restaurant.
4	Oh, the hummus.  The hummus.  I've had many hummuses in my life, and Haji-Baba's hummus... just so smooth, so perfect.Okay... other food.  Right.  Their gyro meat is very well done, and if I have any criticism, it would be they slice their gyro meat off the spit in much too large of slices.  It's not overseasoned or particular greasy, very tender.  When ordering with the plate, it comes with a side salad on house dressing and a helping of rice.  There's nothing particularly to the rice and they offer way, way too much - enough for several days worth of leftovers.  I'm also not too impressed with the side salad - the dressing is a bit salty and my salad was overdressed.The falafel are fantastic.  Crispy, slightly crumbling, slightly moist, great for some delicious hummus dipping.Haji-Baba is part sit-down restaurant, part counter-service restaurant, part Middle Eastern market, and it all somehow makes total sense when you step inside.  Prices are excellent.  Service is friendly.  A casual, inexpensive place to grab lunch or pick up some snacks.
4	I was surprised that it was such a small place that is both a grocery and a restaurant. They have the best homemade iced tea, spiced with tamarind or cardamon or something...The server was so friendly and cute.  He reminded me of my little brother or someone like that.  They have THE BEST feta cheese ever!!!  It was the perfect blend of moisture and flavor (I hate it when it's so dry that it just crumbles).  And the side of feta that we ordered was the size of a bread plate.  Heaven!Maybe I shouldn't have ordered that side of pickles, which was also the size of a bread plate :) But they were so good!We ordered a side of pita bread, too, which came out to our table warm... and then it kept on coming.  I had the vegetarian combination plate for dinner.  I was shocked when I saw the huge portion size... I felt like my eyes might have been bigger than my stomach.  The combo plate came with a small salad, 2 falafel with tahini sauce, tabouleh, 2 dolmas, a huge portion of baba, a side of tzaziki, and pita.  Yeah, WOW!  I fell in love with this food at first bite!These people really don't want you to leave hungry, that's for sure!I noticed that they also had so many shisha flavors, so I purchased a huge box of watermelon for $10.92.  I love these prices!!!
4	Cheap is good...not always, but in this case, it is.  Sketchy atmosphere, but come here for the food.  Go to the counter to order take-out, sit in the dining room for service.  Service is kind of slow.  That's just how it is.  My wife ordered baba ganouj and the chicken shawerma platter.  Very good baba ganouj, smokey, mellow, creamy.  Chicken shawerma is very good, tasty, tender, moist, with garlic sauce on the side.  Tabooli is good, although I'm not a fan.  Rice is quite good, as is the hommos (their spelling).  I had the Foul (fava beans), which were quite good, and the Kabab Mixed, which included a chicken kabab, beef koubideh, and shish kabab, hommos, tabouli, but no rice. The chicken was the best of the bunch, good char, tender, moist  The shish kabab was overdone in my opinion, but still tender.  The koubideh, I could pass on.The pita comes hot, and slightly crispy.  Wonderful!  Grabbed a chicken shawerma and hommos to go, on our way out of town.
4	I come here every so often but rarely eat here because it's usually a visit for groceries and hookah things. Well tonight was different!   I wanted a gyro deluxe with extra sauce to go, and it was the most soul-touchingly delicious sloppy mess I can remember. This is an incredible thing. More tomato bits would've been nice, but that's it. The (goat?) cheese chunks may not be for everyone but I was pleasantly surprised with its presence. For me it's all about the extra sauce. I'm not saying your gyro will be dry unless you have extra, but this is how I love it.   I hear the shwarma is also very good.INSIDE SKINNY: Fresh dates come in November!! $5-something per pound. They're available year-round at the counter, but best in winter and spring after harvest.
4	My mom used a gift card to try this place when she was in town.  We ordered just a few starters but what we tried was really good food.  My taste buds were overloaded with favors, its a nice change from eating plain old American food.  I would take my wife back for us to try a main dish.
4	The reviews are correct-there's sum great Mediterranean food to be had here. The gyros, feta cheese & hummus is great. Next tym I'll try the chicken Schwarma everyone Raves about. Super busy store so don't freak out if your high maintenance, try n go w the flow.....
4	Good food, very tasty and authentic, and great prices. Seriously, you cannot beat the prices here, they are downright awesome.You can walk in this restaurant with 15 bucks and fully feed two adults no problem. The portions are big and they really give you what you pay for. The dishes usually have rice or hummus or salad, and they are all pretty tasty. The falafels are good, not the greatest on earth, but very good. The hummus too, it's tasty and authentic and has a nice rich flavor. The side salad is surprisingly tasty for being cheap lettuce, it has this tasty sauce that has tahini in it, I personally add a little lemon to it for more taste.The entrees are good, the meat is tasty, and the sides are heaping. You get a good sized meal for 7-8 bucks.My only issue are the pitas, they are the same old cheap white flour pitas you can find in the grocery store. Nothing special or tasty, just typical plain old pitas. I really wish they would offer whole wheat pitas, especially for the people with allergies to white flour and simple sugars. It's rare to see whole wheat in any mediterranean place.My favorite dish here is the one that freaks most people out...THE LAMB'S TONGUE!It sounds weird, but it is absolutely delicious people, you have to try it. Seriously, get over your little phobias and try the lamb tongue pita. It tastes just like the best pastrami or corned beef in mediterranean flavors, it's the best thing on the menu.Try it!
5	Turkish coffee!!  Drink so much.  Thick as dirty motor oil and the fine grounds in the bottom are like chewing on sand. I Love it.The food is also really good.
5	Fyresite.com love's Haji for lunch. Its our default lunch spot. Favorite menu item: Chicken Shwarma Plate. They have the best chicken shwarma in Phoenix, hands down! highly recommended
4	I love me some middle eastern food, and this place definitely met my expectations.  I gave it four stars because it's not the prettiest atmosphere, it's on the side of a grocery store, but I'm totally a fan of dives so I didn't care.  Also they charge 50 cents for refills on your soda, but the food prices are cheap for what you get so that doesn't matter too much.I ordered the chicken shawerma platter and is was amazing. Lots of food for what you pay for, and a literal MOUNTAIN of tabooli on the side. Yum!After you eat your dinner, remember to get Baklava on your way out.  It is the bomb!
5	Haji-Baba is SO GOOD! I often crave the Gyros Dlx and their iced tea. The hummus is great, the chicken shawarma is awesome, combo plate etc etc... Great portion sizes and their prices just can't be beat. The place isn't fancy but is certainly a local favorite.  If you aren't too cool to enjoy a great hole in the wall restaurant and grocery, you need to check out Haji-Baba. The place just seriously rocks.
4	Went there a few months ago and missed the closing time. It was around 8pm which seemed alittle early...So months later, we went back and I'm glad we were able to find a seat!It's a small place and service is fair, however, the hummus was one of the best I've had around town. Very smooth and creamy. I had the gyro sandwich and he had the shawarma. Both very tasty and great portions! While he was checking out, I was checking out the grocery part of the place. LOVED IT! I am hoping to get back soon to get some more shawarma seasonings :)Def worth the visit...
5	I have eaten here for awhile...food always great and great prices, Turkish coffee amazing...new to this yelp and wanted to review one of my favorite places that I always introduce to my friends...over the years havent had one not LOVE IT as well. It is a casual atmosphere, but dont just dine here the grocery store is a great find, their spices, olive oil is very good good prices...definitely save!  If you like the Feta cheese on their salad and food in the restaurant they sell it behind the counter in the grocery store part...and it is cheaper than in the regular grocery stores. It is the French Feta they serve in restaurant, I asked after picking wrong kind of feta the first time. They have take out. It can get really busy at lunch time during the week......
2	I heard from some friends that this place was awesome and that it was much better than Pita Jungle.  If its better than Pita I am all over it.  My husband and I went and we got the two most popular things on their menu plus an iced tea.  The flavors were very nice but I didnt like the use of dark chicken meat.  To me it just doesnt taste as good and there was no choice it just comes that way.  Other things were really dry and not as good as what I am used to when I go out to eat.  The iced tea was nice it was a black tea with cinnamon added so not that special but I guess it is different than the norm which I like.  To me Pita Jungle and My Big Fat Greek are far superior but of course it would depend on what you ordered.  I like spicy and I love tahini.  This place was kinda below average for me and I think its because of the dark meat chicken.  My husband left his whole plate untouched pretty much.  He had a sampler with grape leaves, meat balls, rice, etc.  it wasnt that good but we brought it home and I warmed it up the next day and it was much better for some reason.
5	Don't let Haji Baba's humble appearance fool you, this is probably one of the best restaurants in all of Tempe. I've never had chicken shawarma like they make it at Haji Baba. They always serve it with just enough garlic sauce, unlike many other Middle Eastern restaurants in Tempe.It gets packed around 11:30am-1pm, but still wait for a table instead of ordering to go. Your order will get pushed back behind all ones for people who are seated if you order to go and it will take about 40 minutes to get anything.
5	This place is EASILY one of my favorite spots in Arizona.  First off, it's Middle Eastern food.  Second, the prices are very very reasonable.  Third, no matter how long it's been since my last visit, they always remember me. I have had a lot of items on the menu, but I typically gravitate towards the Greek salad (lettuce, tomatoes, kalamata olives, cucumber, fat chunks of sheep milk feta, and their AMAZING dressing) $5.99 for a large salad that includes some pita.  I also really enjoy their vegetarian plate, which comes with: falafel, tzatziki, pita, tabooli, stuffed grape leaves and baba ganoush (but I sub for hummus). $7.99 for two meals worth of food!!  Any and all dining cohorts have equally enjoyed their food selections, and usually go back for more:) In addition to all the veg options, they also have chicken/lamb/beef stuffs and they even have a tongue sandwich! (Ew to me, yum to people I know).  I really dig their beverage options: pomegranate juice, sodas, iced tea with a familiar flavor that I can't quite figure out, yogurt soda, lemonade flavored with rose water (my favorite!).  In addition to having delicious food, great service and low prices, they also have a grocery store on the opposite side of the restaurant.  It's great!  Lots of great ingredients that are hard to find in a regular grocery store.  They even have all the fixings for your hookah enthusiasts.  The walls are adorned with "Best of Phoenix" awards dating back to the 80's, and it's no wonder.  I give them two BIG thumbs up!
5	Good Food, Good Service and consistent.  My whole family can eat there and have great food and a good time.
4	My friends and I ate here for the first time today. It's a small place attached to a store where you can buy middle eastern foods too.  2 of us had the gyro plate which consisted of gyro meat covered in taziki sauce, jasmine rice and a salad for $7.69. The other person had chicken shwarma with hummas & tabuli.  All plates were excellent! It's not much to look at from the outside, but don't let that fool you, the food was delicious!  Would highly recommend!!
5	I'm pretty sure this is my favorite restaurant at the moment.  I never leave Phoenix without stopping here. The shawarma is divine (best I've had in Arizona, and a close runner-up for all time) and the gyros are outstanding.  In fact, I've never had anything bad here.  I'm not even a huge tabbouleh fan, and I still wolf down Haji-Baba's.  On top of that, everything is pretty cheap and you get huge portions.  I can always get at least two meals out of one of their platters.The place itself is a little unassuming storefront.  It's almost a diner feeling in the restaurant area.  It also has a pretty awesome little grocery where you can pick up a little bit of everything from fresh feta, hookah supplies and (my favorite) Kinder chocolates.  It can get a bit hectic at peak meal times (you pay up at the front in the grocery), but always worth it.  We've only had bad service once and even then, they were very good about making it up to us and gave us a free bakalava and mint tea for dessert.Definitely give this place a try, even if you're not a fan of Middle Eastern food. It'll change your mind!
4	Absolutely THE BEST gyro I have ever eaten. Hummus was great, along with the baba ganoush. Yum Yum Yum. Wish there was one in Gilbert; I'd be there every day. Only 4 stars though because I ordered the lamb shish kabob and the meat was a little on the  tough side. But the Gyro beats all else anyway.
2	Not real sure about this place.  It's as if someone put up some shelves and emptied out boxes as they were handed to them without some real thought.  The shelves are jumbled and hard to navigate and if you aren't a man, do not expect any assistance from the cashier.  She was NOT happy to have women in her shop.If I didn't need something specific while I was in AZ for a dish I was making for my hostess I would have walked right back out.  Normally in a small shop like this I would show my support and do some shopping, but not this time.I am SO GLAD I do not live here I won't be needing to come back here anytime soon.  Plus the place just looked dirty.
5	Food is always so tasty! I usually go for the kebabs and tabouli. Good humus and pita as well. Decor could use a refresh but that's really the only downside, that and it can get pretty busy during lunch. Staff is always friendly and attentive. Great local spot.
4	Is it a market with a dining area or a restaurant with a market?  Does it really matter?  It is just plain good!!If you are looking for a no frills spot, Haji Baba is for you!  The small dining area is on the right side of the market, with a few tables even spilling out into the market itself.  It gets very busy during lunchtime, so arrive early or be prepared for a wait.  While the menu offers a variety of choices, being a creature of habit, I typically stick with what I know and love - the gyro sandwich.  Nice and simple - a hearty portion of gyro meat, cool lettuce, pickle, tomato and creamy tatziki enveloped in a large, soft pita.  All this goodness for $3.99.  Yes, really $3.99.  I can never finish it, even though I really, really try.  I also like their hummus (served with warm soft pita it is a great appetizer to share) as well as the spanakopita.  Actually, I have enjoyed everything I have tried.  So, you really can't go wrong.The payment process is interesting - the waiter drops off a ticket stub at the table that you bring to the market register to pay.  If you are with a group, each person can pay separately by telling the cashier their items on the total ticket, which is nice.  And, if you happen to grab some of the tasty chocolate wafer cookies by the register to add to your bill, that is not a bad thing.Be sure to ask for some delicious baklava to go!
5	Ahmad Hamdi is the best server. Always and forever. Doesn't matter if he's working here or not.
5	The best middle eastern food I have eaten in Phoenix. The service is very prompt and the food comes out quickly. My favorite plate is the Gyro deluxe with pita and hummus. Cannot go wrong with Haji-Baba!
5	I had the Gyro plate and it was absolutely delicious! cannot wait to go back and try the Beef Shawerma.
4	Very unassuming from the outside.  Small grocery store with sit down cafe on the opposite side.  I ordered the chicken shawerma and absolutely loved it!  The chicken was cooked to perfection with a garlic mayo topping.  The plate comes with a helping of hummus, rice and tabbouleh.  My husband ordered the beef shawarma and thought my chicken was much better.   It was more than we could finish.  We also saw lots of folks with the chicken gyros which looked ample and delish.  Service is quick, the price is right and the staff is friendly.  We will definitely return.
4	This place is a fantastic, hole-in-the-wall sort of place.  I LOVE their schawarma and falafel sandwiches.  This is my go-to place for lunch because I just work a mile down the street. They guys that work the registers are friendly and the food is delicious.  I've never sat down at the restraunt side.  For To-Go, just walk to the back of the market and order at the register.
5	I love this hidden diamond in the rough.  It's been around for over 20 yrs. There's the Tempe Firehouse across the street and a new apartment complex in construction off Apache and Elm.I love the chicken schwerma plate and sandwich like everyone else who commented.  So much so, I bought the spice they sell in their grocery side of the building.  They do it so much better.  It's always packed during lunch time.  I work close by  and find that it is just as fast to go there and order my chicken schwerma sandwich to go, without a call in,  as it does for Jimmy John's sandwich to arrive, which is only half a mile away.  Haji-Baba wins, hands down the better sandwich and better price of $3.89.This is usually true if there are not people waititng in line to pay for their shopping cart full of groceries.  How does that happen?  The aisles barely fit 2 people in it.Anyways, if you've never tried it, you're in for real treat.  It is also a great place to buy spices, olive oil, lemon juice and try new things.
5	Just come here and eat. Everything is delicious.If you want to eat a delicious falafel, look no further.  Kabobs? Shawarma? Same thing.I've been coming here since my ASU days and I definitely missed it when I moved away. I've never heard a complaint or dissatisfaction from anyone who has come here to eat.  It's a casual eatery with tasty food at a great price.   I like to split dishes so I can enjoy the different tastes more.  Although salad is really standard, the dressing is amazing for their signature side salad.
4	3.5 starsI ordered the vegetarian platter & hummus. Why is it so hard to find good hummus?!?! Their hummus was okay. The tabouli salad & falafel was good and their grape leaves were okay. It's pretty cheap though so I guess I shouldn't complain too much.
4	Okay... Amazing. That's pretty much all I have to say about this place. Cheap and delicious! I had never been here before but I've heard great things about it. I had the chicken salad. Yum! I will definitely be back.
5	so good to return and find it still here after all these years. wonderful food and service! great little market to get some grocery shopping done too! thank you. see you again soon!
4	Sweet fancy Moses this place is delicious!  Very authentic middle-eastern fare with nice friendly service.  I had the Combination Combination, gyros, dolmas, tabouli, falafel, etc....all the good stuff you would expect when ordering this kind of food.  It was all fantastic and for all this food it was only $11.99!  Highly recommended spot in a strip mall, where apparently all good restaurants in Phoenix are located...
5	A friend recommended Haji-Baba's and I have to say I was really happy I listened.I thought she was crazy when she told me that I had to try the tabbouleh but boy was I wrong. It was amazing. They portion sizes and prices are great. I will definitely be back.
4	Had lunch here today with a friend. We have both eaten here many times and were a bit disappointed. The food is good but we both thought that it use to be better. True, for what you pay it is a feast but I wouldn't use todays lunch as a measuring stick for all Arab restaurants. We will eat here again for sure, hoping that we caught them on a bad day today.
5	This place is the best Mediterranean food in town. Love it. When I'm not there I can't stop thinking about it. Gotta get the chicken shwarma plate, I promise you will not be sorry.
5	This place is awesome. I got the chicken shawerma plate and it was so good. It was cheap and I got enough for two meals which I liked because I can take some home. I love how they have sriracha on the table too. Will definitelty be back.
5	Brilliant. The gyro sandwich and chicken shawarma were great. Service was prompt and courteous, and the iced tea was tasty. And the baklava were the best I think I've ever eaten. I'll definitely be coming back!
3	Been coming here for a couple of years on and off, customer service isn't good and at times pretty rude. Chicken shawarma is the best in town, beef shawarma is the worst in town. And their gyro shawarma is alright and I was notified by an employee that the gyro is not halal.
5	Absolutely great. Not a traditional setting, but the food is fantastic. Good for lunch or dinner. Skewers of meat, veggies, Turkish coffee, yogurt soda...
3	Good food at very reasonable prices. Could use a little cleaning and "freshening up" but I've enjoyed all the food I've eaten there - I've been there about 7 or 8 times.
5	Outstanding food, authentic recipes and quality ingredients, freshly prepared and served hot, or cold, and fresh. All set in a quaint and unique setting which is amongst a grocery store.  These are the reasons I have been frequenting Haji-Baba for over 20 years now. It is the go to place for quintessential Middle Eastern food and authentic, tasty, savory, nutritious and delicious offerings for both vegetarians and those who enjoy protein and meat.  I have eaten Greek and Indian foods elsewhere and seem to always judge those meals by this standard, and it is not until I come back, taste the sampler platter, fill my belly, and get some baklava to go, that I realize Haji-Baba is the real deal.Haji-Baba is Five Stars All The Way! + A Grocery Store Too!Just Go Already!
5	Been going here for 20 years and have never been disappointed.
4	I've been here twice and have eaten the beef and chicken shwarma plates. They're both really good (although the beef is better). Good hummus, good sides. I tried my friend's grape leaves last time and they were delightful. I'll definitely come back!
5	My favorite dish here is the chicken shwarma plate. It's especially good when they burn it a little bit so it's crispy! It comes with weird diced salad, hummus, pita and rice. I could eat here every day it's so good!Service is alright, but I just care about the food at places like these.5/5 WCB
4	Quick, no frill restaurant situated in a Mediterranean/Arabic grocery store. Had lunch here my first day in Tempe and the food kept me fueled for the rest of the day. Ordered the beef shawarma and it was quite good. I think the chicken might've been better as some pieces of the beef had been cooked too long and had that mealy texture. The dish usually came with salad, rice, and Arabic bread, but I don't eat grains so just asked for more salad. It was a big dish. The dressing on the salad was tasty, and even though it was mostly iceberg lettuce, I was fine with it this time. The beef came topped with ample tahini sauce. I ate about 3/4 of it and took the rest with me. Dinner for the night taken care of!My total came out to $8 something including tax. Pretty good for a quick, tasty yet filling lunch. When I was leaving saw that they have lamb tongue as a sandwich. I wonder if they would make that into a plate dish instead of a sandwich...I bet that's delicious!
5	I was introduced to this stellar establishment by my brother before I moved out to AZ and it has remained one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix metro.  The atmosphere may not be the most appealing, but I doubt you'll be paying much attention once you taste your first morsel of pure scrumptiousness.I've tried everything on the menu and their food has never failed to disappoint withmy favorites being their Gyro Platter, Hummus, and Babaganoush.  Gyro meat is always tender and perfectly spiced while their Hummus and Babaganous is simplistic but extremely flavorful.   Portion sizes are extremely legit for the price and you either leave the restaurant with nostalgic leftovers or a truly satisfying food coma, both of which I have no complaint.  On your way out, make sure to grab some of their indulgent Baklava.  Always sweet, always crispy.  Overall, highly recommended and completely unforgettable.
2	I saw the reviews on yelp which took me to this restaurant. It was me and my husband, I ordered the shish ( lamb) kabob plate and my husband ordered the kabob kubideh sandwich. I thought the quantity of lamb on my plate was really less (one small skewer) with lots of rice, salad , one burnt piece of tomato and bell pepper. Plus the dish itself was really dry overall..the taste of the lamb itself was just about average..nothing to rave about. My husband's sandwich was also..well..mehh..very dry, loaded with lettuce and the sandwich bread was not tasty. thing is, we just moved to Arizona from California and the quality of middle eastern food in California is really good and maybe that's why we were disappointed with this place. Anyways I might give this place one more shot to try the chicken shawarma. Till then, I'm going to stick to 'my big fat Greek ' restaurant.
4	Still great food, but prices have gone up considerably. Used to be college student friendly pricing. Now the prices are on par with all the other middle eaten restaurants in the Valley. This is sad to me because I frequented this place weekly in college for the great food and even better prices!  Still worth checking out if your in the area and in the mood for good middle east food.
4	Everything is fresh and they have a little market too!
5	*Note that the restaurant is not in the same building as their international store near Price Dr. but further west on Apache Blvd, just west of McClintock Drive. Somewhere in the remote past, I swear that I was an Arabian. My taste buds tell me so. I dream about sitting underneath a feathery date palm as I watch my camel sup from the oasis. I think I must have been a camel driver's daughter. But in this life, when I want to satisy my Arabic cravings, I go for the hole-in-the-wall type places and for our 6th anniversary, I tried Haji-Baba. On Sunday, today, it was very crowded. The noise level makes it hard to have a conversation across a table. I will return on a weekday for lunch. My husband had the kafta combination. I ordered a la carte yogurt salad, falaafel, baklava (for the first time) and Arabic coffee. Mmmmm. The yogurt salad was just a little on the spicy side, not too bad and very healthy. The hummus was thick and creamy. Baklava is like a granola pastry with a crepe layer on top. I think I tasted honey and cinnamon. The Arabic coffee had just the right amount of kick. Just a couple of quirks: They don't give you spoons unless you ask and it's impossible to eat all of the yogurt (hello?) with just a fork and the side of falaafel is supposed to come with 3 pieces and they only gave me two. Also, they're not as generous with their pita bread as other places are. We only got one piece per person. But the food is wonderful. I gave my compliments to the cashier. I said, "aT-TaAm bikhaier", which means "the food is good" and he understood me! Yea! Very filling. Try this place.
4	My favorite place to grab a gyro or Shawarma plate in Tempe. The food is very reasonably priced and you get served relatively quickly. I have had pretty much everything on the menu and there is only one item that I do not recommend. I am a bit of an adventurous eater so last time I was there I decided to try to the lamb's tongue.I am a fan of beef tongue I think under different circumstances I would enjoy Lamb's tongue but the texture was quite gristley and they flavored the tongue with an inordinate amount of lemon. There was lemon in everything, the lambs tongue, the rice, and the salad. To make matters worse I ordered a lemonade I could not avoid that damn lemon! Despite not enjoying the lamb's tongue everything else is quite delicious. The baklava is spot on!
4	Started with the olives and babaganoush.  Tasty olive selection.  The babaganoush wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was pretty good.My daughter had the kabob koubideh sandwich, which I just happened to take a bite or three of when she was done.  Nice and savory and perfectly cooked.My sister had the chicken schwarma, of which I had a bite and the chicken was tender and flavorful.I had the combination combination plate.  The gyro meat was very savory and my favorite part of the meal.  The grape leaves, with the warm orange rice, were the best I've ever had.  The falafel were average.  Too much crunch and not enough flavor.  The tabooli was the perfect complement to the savory meat.  I'm not a huge kibbeh fan, but it was decent.  The sambousek was delicious.  Good service.  Next time I go, I want a tour of the grocery store.
5	A lot of people probably drives by this place daily and doesn't know what this place had to offer. I been coming to Haji baba for past five years and food quality havens changed. I love everything on the menu. Plus the price is reasonable and great service which is rare in Tempe. Place is a little small since it is dinning room and store. Anyway if you haven't been here it is about time to come in and have some delicious middle eastern food.
5	I have a hankering for all food of the middle east and these guys know how to throw down. Some of the best schwarma and gyros. Marketplace is great source for spices and sweets you won't find in the neighborhood grocery store.
5	Very yummy! Had the gyros platter. Very nice portion size for a nice price! The store in the restaurant is great to shop.
4	We went back for a second visit and it was just as good as the first.  This no frills place was packed due to the upcoming UofA/ASU game.  The chicken shawarma plate is quite delish!  I love the lemony tabouleh, creamy hummus and garlic mayo that comes with the dish.  Had tons of leftovers for the next day meal.  Yum.  They use lots of garlic which we both loved and it didn't matter if we kissed later!
5	This place is absolutely AMAZING!  I've been coming here for over 16 years and it's the same AMAZING place today that it was back in 1997.  I've never ventured past the Gyros, Chicken Shawerma, and Hummus Tahini but these three menu items are absolutely AMAZING!  The food is AMAZING, the portions are good, and the prices are right.I hope to write another review 16 years from now saying how AMAZING this place has been over the last 32 years.Haji Baba Rocks!
4	This is a few tables on the side of a Mediterranean grocery.The food is delivered quick, and is very, very delicious and very reasonably priced.Only reason it is not a 5 star, you have to pay at the counter, and during the lunch rush, it can go 10 people deep, and take forever to get out of there.Lunch rush is super busy.
4	The food here is fast cheap and good! I had the gyro sandwich and also sampled my friends falafel and sambousek. Including my friends sandwich and two drinks, our bill was about $15. Great deal and delicious, loved the cucumber sauce and pickle flavors in the sandwich.
4	Highly recommend coming here if you want good middle eastern cuisine. I gave it 4 stars because of the slow service. Overall a very good place to eat.
4	Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at Haji Baba. We decided to have lunch here after reading the glowing reviews for this place on yelp. At first glance, it looked like any other store in a strip mall but inside, it is divided into a store front & a restaurant. The space is clean & the service is excellent/attentive. our lunch consisted of a vegetarian combo plate(falafel x2, baba ganouj, tabbouleh, grape leaves x2) shish kabob plate(lamb kabob x5 pieces,rice, lettuce salad with tahini,1 Arabic bread) side of labni( kind of cream cheese), ful mudammas (mix of beans in a flavored curry sauce)- yes we were really hungry :)In the veggie combo- The falafel was crispy, freshly made & grape leaves were unlike any I have eaten. The ful mudammas was tasty, well prepared/flavored without being spicy. In case of the shish kabob plate- the lamb was well cooked (I asked for medium done meat & that's what I was served) but it was bland. The portions are huge but prices are reasonable . Don't miss picking up some yummy middle eastern desserts from the store, to finish up your meal.  We left Haji Baba, stuffed/content & with lotsa doggie bags!
4	Place has an old Arabic architecture, even the aura ( mainly because of the spices)  reminds of Arabian culture. Food is priced reasonably and tasted good.One thing I noticed that it has no female servers because of conservative Arabian culture.
2	Oh yelpers....you steered me wrong this time.... I went to Haji Baba yesterday with a friend after having a friend recommend it in addition to having great yelp reviews. Let me say, it was not so awesome. My friend went to wash her hands and said the bathroom was one of the most disgusting bathrooms she had ever seen in a restaurant. We both got the chicken shwarma plate with the garlic sauce...the plate was large, but the food on it was not very good. The chicken was some of the worst quality I have had in a long time....having cartilage and other chewy grossness.... The garlic 'sauce' was more like mayo...really gelatinous. The rice was just plain white rice, the hummus was ok....pretty generic, the tabbouleh was almost all parsley, barely any grains or tomato.....it just was not so pleasant. I would not go back for sure.
5	I'm a New Yorker and this is the best Middle Eastern restaurant I've eaten at. I came with my husband, son and in-laws. The decor of the restaurant isn't great but I appreciate that since I did not want to be in a fancy restaurant with a crying toddler. The restaurant is attached to the grocery store so if I wanted to attempt making this delicious food I could've bought the ingredients. Amazing food- hummus, tabouli, grilled meats all very tasty. And they receive a 5 star because for the first time my mother-in-law did not send her dish back.
5	My father is really good friends with the owner. So I have been coming to this place since I was probably 4 years old. Still, today, it's the BEST place to go and get middle eastern food. The chicken kabob plate is just absolutely fantastic! They're not pricy and you get your moneys worth with the size of the plates! You could probably even share a plate if you wanted to!
5	Been here 3 times this month. The chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent. The prices are great, portions are huge and i can never finish it all. Service is good. Highly recommend!
4	This is one of the very few Arabic restaurants in Phoenix. It looks like a hole in the wall but generally these places produce the best food.I have eaten at this restaurant for many years going back to my college days at Arizona State University. I always love the food especially the chicken showarma plate. I highly recommend the chicken. The beef in my opinion is not that great or tasty and the sides that are served with it are not as tasty.Falafel ... Humus... Everything else is really authentic and very tastyWhen you walk in don't expect to be wild with the core... But expect to have some really tasty food
2	Everybody I know loves Haji-Baba. For me it's just okay. I love Mediterranean food - veggies, hummus, babbaganouch (sp?) and all the rest. I just feel that the food here is mediocre. With as many choices as there are in the valley for finer food, this one ranks lower. If you're on a budget, however, this is your place. Great prices.
4	The food is great, the shawarma plate, hummus, mixed grill, it could've been better tho. The staff and service is ok.4-star mostly is for the garlic souce
5	Great authentic food, and the service is excellent. I recommend either the mixed grill or the chicken shawarma plate!
5	I was just here again yesterday and boy was the Gyros plate delicious!
5	My favorite restaurant. I've been coming here all my life and have never been disappointed. The food is always excellent, and the store inside is incredibly convenient. I would recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	You can't find better. Shawarma is a force to be reckoned with, great homemade pita bread, and amazing hummus. Also insanely friendly staff, great iced tea and lemonade, and perfect pricing.
5	Delicious food at a great price. Generous portions as well. This is a hole in the wall type place and it's as authentic as it gets!
5	Outstanding food , excellent service, simple yet solemn , great smells great taste, great people coming together to share the warmth and culture. Thank you for sharing
5	Having frequented Haji's throughout my tenure at ASU, my boyfriend and I will sometimes come by for a Chicken Shawarma plate, extra pita and garlic when we're craving great food. The other day, we were too late stopping by another middle eastern restaurant as we had only an hour left until our show at Gammage played. We knew we wanted to sit down and eat, but were trying to figure out a place that would serve us, bill us, and send us on our way (in the most efficient and NICEST way possible). Haji's was it. It has been the EXACT same recipe since 2005 and if it ever changed I'd cry. It is THIS EXACT shawarma that made me attempt to remake it for my parents in DC. VERY TASTY, but nothing will ever be good as the original. I hope they know how much of an institution they are. LOVE!!!
4	Went to Haji Baba with my wife.  My wife and I got a kabab combination, order of foul, and an order of kibbeh.  It was good.  This is the standard Middle Eastern/Lebanese fare.  It is a place that you go for good food.  The restaurant is pretty casual.
5	I don't think I can add anymore than what everyone else have said. This is likely one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I always get the chicken shawarma. The chicken is soooo moist and perfectly grilled. Just simply amazing. I always ask for extra garlic sauce for dipping. One of the most amazing and flavorful dipping sauce. Only one negative comment: the pita is chewy sometimes. Maybe this is just my personal preference but certainly not a big deal that would keep me from coming back. -keep eatin'
5	I'm relatively new to Middle Eastern food so I dont know to much about it.  My brother and I went today to check it out.  Only thing close to it I have tried was India Oven (decent place in its own)The outside of the restaurant doesnt look like one at all.  It is on the right side of the building while the market takes up most of it (Not very big to begin with).We got seated immediately even though it was busy.  We decided what we wanted and got the chicken shawarma.I really liked the chicken, the hummus was good enough and trabooli was good (never had it before in my life).  Rice was rice, so it was fine.Nice prices, the whole plate was covered with food and all tasted fine.I can't wait to try something new and delicious next time
5	It's no coincidence that a place as inconspicuous as Haji-Baba could get so many Yelp reviews (and most of them stellar).  This was the first place I ever met fellow Yelpers in Phoenix, as it was the venue for an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) and I was brand new to the valley.  It did not disappoint... the food is amazing, for both the price and the quality.  And, of course, I was thrilled to discover how nice all of the new people I met from Phoenix were.I've continued the tradition of introducting people from out of town to one of Phoenix's (Tempe... you know) brightest gems.  Even a friend from Napa, who knows fine wine and fine dining, was blown away by the food here.  I had the chicken schwarma platter which, in my opinion, is the best sampler of what they offer here: delicate Basmati rice, creamy creamy hummus, spicy chunky chicken and tabouleh (I believe that's what they call the greenish side salad-ish stuff). My dining companions ordered the gyro platter and were happy as can be.Another treat here, besides the incredible food, is the grocery store.  I was on a mission to find a spicy Tunisian pepper condiment, harissa, for eventual use in homemade merguez sausages. I found it and have it tucked away for the next time I dare to make my own sausage.  Haji Baba has become my one-stop shop for all things Middle Eastern and delicious.
4	I love this place!Finally found a convenient, affordable, and delicious middle eastern food!Fantastic Falalels, hummus' tabouli, and the like.My very picky lady even devours their shawarma!Healthy, tasty, and inexpensive, you won't find a better mom n pop local joint serving up this level of tastiness!
5	Pure awesomeness........ This is the best middle eastern restaurant we have been too in Phoenix.  The food is great, service is outstanding even when it is packed at lunch time.  Make sure to make time and pick up some treats from the store.  The baklava is to die for, just do it you deserve it.
5	I love this place! Delicious & very affordable. We got the chicken shawarma, the falafel sandwich & pistachio baklava.  The shawarma was filled with perfectly seasoned chicken, garlic sauce & veggies, the falafel was the best I've had and the baklava made my day. We love this place and have come back numerous times.
4	This whole in the wall place was outstanding. The food was amazing as well as the service. I HIGHLY recommendIt. The only reason it gets 4 stars and not 5 is because of the rustic ness of the place. It's actually inside the store !!
5	Haji Babas is really the best. I live a few blocks away and eat there at least once a week. I usually order sides.. some combination of: hummus, chicken kabab, koobideh, and falafel. I also get a large container of the "garlic sauce", and literally put it on anything I eat at my house until it's gone.
4	I love holes-in-the-wall and the food here is fantastic. I came with a group and we ordered a bunch of dishes to share. Combination platters offer a sample of everything and we got shwarma to top it all off. The gyro meat was a tad dry but all the other grilled meats and falafel were great. They are not open late so be sure to get here before they close. Prices are excellent for the amount of food you get.
5	I always enjoy my eating trips to Haji's. I had my favorite. the Gyro Plate, and I also had the lamb tongue, which was delicious!
5	Have eaten lots of middle eastern food, even at really good places, and seriously, EVERYTHING at this place is better than the others,....and some others are really good! There is something about the quality and tastes here that simply surpass the others. Is it fancy and well decorated? No. It's in a corner type market. But, amazing food! And the service is always friendly and you feel like part of the family.  Prices? Ridiculously moderate/mainstream for what you get.Worst thing about this place is I don't get to eat here enough,.....oh, and that I can't get this exact food everywhere at any moment - they've ruined me on middle eastern food anywhere else.
5	I have been eating here since I was a young warthog, and I have never had a bad meal here, the food is out of this world phenomenal, I suggest the shish kabob plate, and the service is awesome as well. When it comes to comfort food, outside of the home kitchen, this is the place. Now quit reading this and go!
5	I've been going to Haji for about a decade.  Love the food (although with I go I'm usually craving the Chicken Shawarma and Gyro plates.  Just very tasty and other Middle Eastern restaurants pale in comparison.Only complaint?  It's not closer to me so I can go more often.
4	Tasty...reasonable price, ample portions.  The chicken shwarma is delicious.
5	This place is so delicious! Nothing fancy, just great food! I love their tea, it has a slight cinnamon taste, so good!The market has really cool stuff and cheap spices!
4	Haji Baba was very good. I would absolutely come back if I'm in the neighborhood, and might drive across the entire Phoenix metro area to come here, if I have the time. I had a veggie platter and also ordered a falafel sandwich to go! The baba ghanouj (sp?, depending who you ask) was the best I've ever had. Hummus was top-notch - very smooth and creamy. Tabbouleh (again, sp?, depending who you ask) was a little leafier than I like. My meat-eating family members raved about their gyro and chicken shawarma, too.Extra particulars:Went with my father and brother after catching a spring training baseball game. It was fairly late, but we slid in about 15 mins before closing and they didn't glare at us, so that was nice. The service was friendly and efficient. The layout of the place seems a little odd - grocery store on one side, casual restaurant on the other side - but I dug it. Overall, a great casual place to get some really good, fresh and healthy food for a great price.
5	I've been coming here for 20 years and it is as delicious and as reasonably prized as it was on day 1! Love the rose hip lemonade and the chicken shawarma plate.
5	This place is super hard to find and you'd never think to eat here unless someone refers you. Well I'm referring you. It is awesome! I haven't had anything I didn't like but there gyro is so good. They give generous portions and it is delicious. Also their feta is amazing.
5	I had mixed kabob plate, babaganoush and falafel. Yea, a lot, I wanted to try everything. It was yum. Cleaned my plate. Wish is was closer to my house. I could eat like this every day.
4	Haji Baba is the restaurant (and store) I always refer to as the Gold Standard of Middle Eastern restaurants in the Valley.  To be honest, I've had better Middle Eastern food; but what they offer, how much of it they give you, and the stellar service provided, easily makes this restaurant THE place to beat.  The most-memorable item on their menu is their dolmas, which, I admit, I didn't like when I first tried them, but have since fallen in love with:  fat, with a unique filling I can't really describe and served hot. ( If, like me, you are used to the small, cold, rice-filled dolmas, you really need to try these and keep an open mind.)   Typically, I get the vegetarian platter, which, like most of what they serve, comes with copious amounts of tabooli, hummus, felafel, yoghurt (sort of like tzatziki, but not quite), dolmas, etc.  If you have a big appetite -- and readers of my reviews know I'm gluttonous -- you will NOT be hungry when you leave this place!  My partner is a fan of their gyro sandwich, which, not surprisingly, is big and tasty.Haji Baba also has a store taking up half the establishment offering a variety of foods and other items from the Middle East and Bosnia.  They also sell fresh Feta (get the Greek, not the Bulgarian), Burek (a cheese-filled pastry), decent baklava and many other things unavailable in the Valley at very reasonable prices.  Disadvantage (for me)?  They're all the way in Tempe; so if you live west of I-17, bring a book and lots of water for your haj across the Valley to get here!One more important note:  I read, with much amusement, the review from someone complaining that she showed up here in an evening gown only to find out the place is "one step above a fast-food place."  Honestly, that's no exaggeration:  show up here overdressed and don't be surprised if you see people doubling-up in hysterical laughter and running to the bathroom to avoid peeing their pants.  Most of the customers frequenting Haji Baba are students from nearby ASU, local workers on lunch break and your average, every day 'proletariat', as I'm sure the complaining reviewer would refer to them as being.  Haji Baba is by no means fancy; but if you're looking for good food served by friendly employees, who work their rears off, moving fast to serve you and ensure you leave happy with your experience, then this is the place for you.  I've been coming here on and off for more than 15 years now and not once -- NOT ONCE -- have I ever had a complaint or issue with anything there.  If only for the fact I've had better Middle Eastern food in other, less worthy restaurants, I would've given them five stars.
4	Such a great hidden gem. I could drive right by it and not know it's there, but now that I do I will definitely be back. Had the gyro plate- tons of food (enough for leftovers) and the rice is to die for. This place kills other Middle Eastern restaurants by far!
5	I always enjoy the Gyro Plate! absolutely delicious!
5	Absolutely love this place!! Chicken sharwama plate is da bomb! Huge portion, quality is always consistent. highly recommend this place!
2	Food was painfully bland. I dined in a group of four, so I tried several appetizers and main courses. Appetizers: kibbe, hummus, baba, dolmas. All bland. Main courses:  lamb kebab, chicken kebab, felafel Best food I had: felafel, baba, chicken kebab
5	Love the gyros. Hands down the best. Great people always friendly and the baklava is freakin on point. Been coming here for 7 years. I'll keep coming!
5	Loved the food. The service was excellent and fast. I can't believe we waited so long to try this place. There is a nice grocery store inside and a restaurant section in a corner. The Baklava we purchased from here was really good too. Will go here again.
5	Wow, delicious, inexpensive Mediterranean cafe attached to a great Middle Eastern grocery store!  Thanks so much to Kat K for the good lead!The food is super inexpensive, and everything was not only delicious, but super authentic!!  My husband and I ordered the olives (delicious and multi-colored), yummy humus (and I'm quite picky about humus), tabouli salad and two felafel wraps.  The portions are not enormous, so we were able to try all of this and finish most of it without needing to be wheeled out.This is hands down the best felafel we've had - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, full of flavor but not at all greasy.  The hummus has wonderful texture and taste (I'm picky about hummus), the pita bread is fresh and soft, the olives are flavorful (not too dry or too oily, multicolored), and the tabouli salad is some of the best I've had (chopped perfectly with a little couscous and flavors - delish). The little cafe is super low-key and has cute murals on the walls, and the service is friendly and quick.  After lunch, we picked up some locally baked lavosh bread and some chocolate bars, and out total, uncluding lunch, was still just under $20!We can't wait to come back!!
4	The food here has to be good, because curb appeal certainly isn't what draws customers through the door.  If I didn't know what I was looking for, I wouldn't even notice this little shop off Apache Blvd.  Once inside, one room is primarily a middle eastern market with products ranging from cool, to unique, to unidentifiable to my mere American eyes.  The other room is dining area seating, but certainly not high class.  I am not giving points on decor or atmosphere.The food, service and prices makes up for it.  I've only tried a couple of dishes, but each one has been so full of flavor and so rich that I quickly realize I only need half a portion to be more than satisfied.  This is also because of the huge serving sizes!  All of this for nearly half of what I'd expect to pay at a larger, or chain restaurant.Come with an appetite and an open mind.  I don't think I'll go out of my way to eat here, but when I'm in Tempe it's great for a quick stop.
5	So glad I found this place on Yelp when trying to look around Phoenix, Arizona for someplace to eat. It truly deserves the rating it has because this place will leave you with a full, happy stomach, a content mind, and a smile on your face when you leave. My boyfriend and I never truly tried Middle Eastern food, but we both were glad we checked this place out and that it served as our first taste ever of Middle Eastern food.   Upon walking into the restaurant, I was a little confused because it was half shopping market and half restaurant. But I felt reassured when I noticed that it was full of people conversing, eating, and looking so glorious with their plates of food! Not only that, but it was a diverse set of people which shows that their food is so great that it breaks cultural/ethnic boundaries. We were seated in such a down-to-earth fashion that it immediately made us feel so comfortable talking to our host and waiter. Service here is wonderful because not only does the waiter joke with you and is easy to talk to, but they are also efficient when it comes to bringing out your food and checking up on you--they do it so naturally, too. I decided on ordering the CHICKEN SCHWARMA PLATE (grilled marinated chicken with garlic sauce, rice, flatbread, hummus, and a cilantro salad?) that everyone else recommended. Glad my first Middle Eastern plate was this one because I finished like 95% of it (hey, it was a humongous pile of scrumptious food). The grilled marinated chicken tasted absolutely amazing when you mix it up with the garlic sauce and the rice and add a bit of hummus with each bite. Perfect mixture for the win!!! I made sure to eat the mixture with the flat bread first and when that was over, I killed the rest of it. To make sure my palette wasn't too overwhelmed with the meaty, creamy flavors, they had a cilantro salad that was refreshingly acidic to refresh your taste buds. What I also loved about this plate was the hummus; the hummus was well seasoned where you can eat a lot of it (since it wasn't too salty like store brand hummus usually are)--it had a slight taste to it which complemented pretty much everything on that plate.Would love to come back here whenever I'm back in Phoenix. Would highly recommend it to those living in the area (you guys are so lucky!). You can tell upon stepping into the door, that you're stepping into a place of authenticity where they don't need the best decor to get you satisfied, all they need is their food and their personalities to keep you coming back for more.
5	I have been here a couple times after my last review. IT IS HEAVEN. I get the chicken shawarma plate every time. There are no regrets. Humus is perfect and so is the service. I also love shopping in the store.
5	Oh. My. Gosh. I am obsessed with this place!I was visiting my aunt and uncle while I was in Arizona and, before my flight home, they suggested we go to this restaurant for lunch.. AND, it was also a store!We all had a falafel (the best ever...never forget) and split a giant Greek salad. Absolutely everything was incredible - The flavors were on a whole other level of delicious! It's a total hole-in-the-wall and looks a little deceiving, but it's all worth it.  I promise!I also chose to buy 4 pounds worth of spices. If you choose to do this and fly these with you to wherever you are going, just be prepared to not get your bags delivered until the next day. They may or may not have had to search it due to "suspicious-looking materials." :/
2	Not impressed at all. I tried several here things and liked about half of them. The only good thing about this place is that it's cheap. Good: BabaghanoojBeef shawermaChicken shawermaBad: Hummus (no flavor)Lamb tongue (chewy and horrible!)Gyro sandwichUnfortunately, I ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite. Wish I tried the falafel instead. I won't be back.
4	I met up with some friends. This place was highly recommended to me by my girlfriend and her hubby. They go here often. The place is old and could use an update on their interior BUT their food is great! I had their chicken shawarma plate. It was a large portion and I shared it with my kids. Their fresh handmade pita is the best!!! And oh yes, don't order their yogurt soda drink- it's not the best tasting and they will inform you "no refund! " :)
5	Incredibly delicious, authentic food for a great price. Large portions and SUPER fast service. They have a fantastic international grocery store too. The gyros, hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, and chicken swarma are my favorites.
5	So So So So So Yummy!!!!!
5	I love this place. The gyro deluxe is amazing. Has a full inch if homemade feta cheese at the bottom. I'm talking bite fulls of feta. The schwarma is great too a little dry, so I get the plate with kibbe, hummus, and cucumber sauce. The vegetarian plate it amazing too. All the plates are huge and will fill up anyone. The single items are great deals for when you just want a gyro for a few bucks. Very loyal customers in there that's because they do it the right way!
5	The reviews don't lie. The gyro is 3.99 and better than any gyro in town.  I've been disappointed with other gyro s in tempe.  I will come back for sure.
5	Prices are great food is better. Get the gyro deluxe, it's very filling. You also can't go wrong with the hummus or the falafel.
4	**Original review from 5/5/2011. Updating new profile.**I used to go here a lot. The owners still know my name when I pop in on the occasional shopping visit, which I love. I am in love with their chicken shwarma and chicken kabobs.  I don't eat red meat, so I cannot comment on their beef dishes, but my son LOVES them. I always order their Arabic coffee.  It's not Turkish, as some people have written.  Turkish coffee is made with a different spice, but the technique is the same. Either way, I love the Arabic coffee here.I would give them five stars, but their hummus can be too salty at times. Maybe they are using canned hummus, don't know and I hope they don't.  Also their tabouleh usually is dripping with lemon and that's too much for me. The bulgur should soak up just enough to flavor and still be dry. Here you will also find a great, but quaint, grocery store. Their pricing is awesome and I love the selections of spices, herbs and teas. Their feta is fresh and priced so well that I refuse to buy it anywhere else. They also offer various kitchen items that are priced very reasonably as well.  I've bought my tea and coffee sets from there and my cutting boards. They have a good, not huge, but decent selection of shisha also. This is my one-stop-shop for my Middle Eastern groceries.
5	Their Chicken Shawarma is one of the three dishes I miss most about Tempe.
4	This is very good Middle Eastern food. Not as good as the best I've ever had in New York City but definitely well above average and better than Pita Jungle! Pitas tasted as they should, falafel and meats were moist and flavorful and the Arabic coffee was the perfect sweet dessert all by itself. They could add a few little extras to spice up their sandwiches like tomatoes and onions. I asked for some extra tahini and they quickly brought me a cup at no extra charge. I like that!They seem a bit understaffed with employees going back and forth between the restaurant and the connected grocery store, so getting a waiter's attention can take a few minutes. Despite this, the service was okay. They don't tell you, but they won't give you a check...only a stub that you're supposed to take to the cashier yourself. It's laid back in that way, which is kind of nice. I only wish they had a napkin dispenser or a paper towel roll at the table because this kind of food uses up paper napkins fast and one is far from enough! I'm a tough restaurant critic and I will definitely be back!Btw, you have to drive slow on Apache to find this place because if you blink, you'll miss it! It is directly across the street from Tempe Fire Engine #1.
5	The dish that stands out at Haji-Baba is their Chicken Shawarma - sandwich or plate. What makes this dish so good and delicious is I think the way Haji-Baba marinates and grills the chicken. And the chicken that comes out of the grill is tender, juicy and bursting with flavor - it is simply delicious. I've also had their chicken and beef kabobs and they are OK; taste wise the kabobs don't even come close to the chicken served in the Shawarma. Also important to make note of is their Hummus; it is well prepared and can be eaten with a pita or used as excellent dipping sauce if you order kabobs.
5	Great Middle Eastern food at the super price!  I come to this place often and always leave full and happy.  Half of the place it a grocery store with all sorts of fun stuff to buy!  I tend to pick up a few things after eating.  The sign on the front does not stand out at all.  They should get a nice light up sign even though they have no problem filling all the seats.  Further east on the same road they have a larger grocery store which I have not been to but I should check it out soon.  You can't beat the prices on the sandwiches for the amount of food you get.  Check this place out and you may just become a regular!
5	My favorite middle eastern food for over 15 years! I haven't eaten at any other middle eastern food joint anywhere in the country that even comes close. Price is also unbeatable.
5	I came here with a friend. He had a combo plate and I had a chicken kabob pita sandwich and a side of rice and we shared food. Everything was full of flavor and tasted very good. It's one of the best Middle Eastern restaurants I've been to. They have a store that you can purchase products from and also a bakery section. Their baklava comes in different nuts including almond, cashew, pecan, walnut, and pistachio. Great place.
4	This place is really unique!  It's a family-owned business that has been in this location for many many years (I forget how many, something like 80).  They serve good quality food for low prices.I ordered the chicken schwarma plate and really enjoyed it.  The chicken was moist, flavorful, and tender.  I did not like the green side (I think it's tabouleh?) that consisted of parsley and other things, a salad of sorts.  But I usually don't like that stuff at any restaurant.  The hummus was good and they bring you plenty of bread/pita.While you are there, check out the little grocery market attached.  They sell some items for really cheap, such as spices and dates.  They also have goodies from other countries, such as chocolates from London and Germany.
2	Just had lunch at this place for the first time. After all the outstanding reviews I tried the Chicken Shawarma sandwich and some hummus. Hummas was okay, not a lot of flavor. The sandwich was not that great. The chicken was dry and overcooked and while it was grilled, it tasted more like dried out hunks from the bottom of a pan. The sauce they added was all that saved my lunch. I would have sent it back at another place, but after all the disciple reviews, I felt guilty for not liking it. Maybe I got an off batch of chicken. My friend tried the beef shawarma plate. The beef was also overcooked and dry and the rice had a flavor that hit your nose like a fish tank. I'm really not being mean or snarky. It smelled like fish tank water. Taste was okay.Place was packed, so it's a popular spot, but I won't hurry back. Service was fast. Prices were reasonable. Store has some cool items. I was disappointed after so many great reviews.
5	So wish this place delivered. Really authentic food and very tasty. It's kind of hard to find. We went by it a couple times before we found it. I love the little store too.
3	Exotic smells permeate the room as we enter the restaurant through a store selling middle eastern goods. Turning to our right we enter the restaurant and order kabobs.  The restaurant area is sparsely decorated but we don't mind.  Some of the best food comes from little hole-in-the-wall restaurants with little or no effort put into the decor.The kabobs were not bad, they just weren't anything special.  The big disappointment was the rice.  It did not taste like basmati and did not have the saffron I'm used to seeing with rice when I order koubideh elsewhere.  There was a strange musty smell and taste to the rice that we just couldn't place.  We left most of the rice, and some of the kabob on the plate.This would have been a two star experience if it hadn't been for the amazing selection of different types of baklava for sale in the little store.  That baklava was strictly 4 stars for both taste, texture, and freshness.  We bought one of each kind, pistachio baklava, almond baklava, every kind of baklava you can think of.  I highly recommend this little store for their baklava, I just wouldn't come back here to eat a meal.
5	This place is a staple in the community.  The food and market have great prices and the food is as authentic as it gets! If your looking for ingredients to cook Middle Eastern food this is the place.I always try to stop in when I'm in the area or if I'm in the mood to do some Armenian cooking at home I go here to get my ingredients.
5	It's my favorite place to eat in arizona.    The chicken shawarma is the best.  The only thing you need to eat is the chicken shawarma plate.  My husband and I are addicted.   From the second we go in there they are already putting in our order.  That's how much love this place.
4	This is a little "hole in the wall" gem in Tempe. We eat here about twice a month and I never leave disappointed. Not fancy, but fun atmosphere. They have cool things to look at in the market. I always enjoy taking people here for the first time. If your in the area, check it out !
4	After spending time in the Middle East I had some cravings for some of the things I had eaten and drank in Iraq.  This place had a very friendly staff.  I told them what I was looking for and ironically they had a staff member there from Iraq who was more than willing to show me what I was looking for and what he drinks at home.  I recommend trying this place.
5	Haji-Baba has hands down the best middle eastern food I've ever had in Arizona. I went for the first time about 3 weeks ago and have already been back again. You can't beat the price for how much food they give you. I'm partial to the gyro platter, but I've also tried the chicken shawarma and some of the items on the combo platter, such as the dolmades and falafel. Everything I've had has been amazing. I will be back many, many more times!
5	Best Middle Eastern Food in Tempe! Their gyro plate is absolutely massive and their lamb gyro is perfectly seasoned and tender! Two thumbs up! Get here early or you will wait to eat. This place is in a really cool bodega style restaurant with a full middle eastern grocery store inside.
1	First off, let me preface this review by saying that I've eaten here a few times in the past and it was mainly a pleasant experience.I arrived at the restaurant at 11 am on Sunday, the hours clearly written on the door saying that that was the time they opened.  As I waited to be seated, an employee came up to me and said the kitchen would not be opening until 11:30.  No "I'm sorry for the inconvenience", no "I apologize for the wait", just so matter-of-fact, "we don't give a crap about you" attitude that I almost walked out right then and there.  But I brushed it off and gave them another chance.After waiting for the half hour, I see the employee cleaning the tables and placing menus upon them.  He notices a fly on the window, promptly kills the fly with the menu, and proceeds to place the menu back on the table, dead fly and all.  Very sanitary, well done.  I still waited to be seated after witnessing this, unbelievably.Finally get seated, was obviously the first one in the place, and this same employee proceeds to take some other customers order before me.  That was the last straw, I was out of there.NOTE TO STAFF AT HAJI BABA:  I am a paying customer, do not ever act like I am doing you a favor by visiting your establishment.  You provide a service and I choose whether or not to give you my business.Needless to say, I will never be back to your restaurant, and can only hope that you'll start appreciating the already established customer base that you've somehow held onto.
5	OMG This place is more of knick knacks and pulses and Indo afghani spices, pulses and etc. Also on right corner they have little corner ( Not very little ) cafe where you are served food. I ordered Falafel $ 2.99. It came with 3 Falafels with Lettuce and Tomatoes and some sort of curd mix to Grip Lettuce and tomatoes and 2 Pita's . FAlafel is made of fava and garbanzo grounded with spices and deep fried balls.Totally Worth it. It's not spicy at all. So you can add Hot Sauce , Black pepper- available as condiments. Trust me Its more Like Gyrco .The only difference is it comes as wrap when you order and has meat in it. However falafel comes Pita that you can wrap in lettuce, tomatoes and 1 and half falafel for I Pita and Hot sauce and pich of Black Pepper. On the other end Gyro is $ 3.99 I guess. So $2.99 Is inexpensive and when you are veggie eater. Go for Falafel. I had 2 comrades, 1 ordered Gyro, 2nd  ordered Fava Beans and Basmati Rice. it is high quality (Long Grained Rice_ It looks like it is Zafrani for sure. It was in large portions.. It was something $ 3.49 or $3.99. Almost all things they serve have large portions..and quiet reasonable You feel full when you eat there.Good Mediterranean Food with Large Portions.Also they have fresh Feta Chese at $ 4.40 approx per pound. Not bad at all. I am to try try that when i head there again. I will post pictures when i go again. I had no battery to take pictures.Alright Folks Have a great weekend. Bye for now. TCSundays They open at 11 A.M.
5	Chicken shawarma might be the best I've ever had. The tabouli, hummus, falafel, gyro.... basically everything is exceptional. I always get an arabic coffee after I eat here   also, it's really good. If you're looking for authentic ingredients than this is the place to go, they literally have almost any indo/pak/med spices you're looking for. Baklava is a must have too.
5	I love Haji! its always a good tasty lunch when I'm feeling for something. the Chicken Shawarma always warms my soul when I eat it. and the Hummus is Fantastic. If you looking for some of the best food in town at the right prices. I love it, your probably going to love it. at the end of the day if your near here you should probably just be eating here already. Just saying
5	Haji-Baba al-maTaar al-akbar.Because my husband is good to me, he treated me to Haji-Baba again. We got there at 11:00 sharp and we were the first customers of the day. Right after we sat down is when the parking lot started to fill up. That's how you handle the customer volume. I ordered tabooli salad, yogurt salad and falafel. I've since tried falafel elsewhere and it's still the best at Haji-Baba. They're generous with the tahini sauce. Finally, explored the little shop to the side and there are lots of little Christmas stocking stuffers here (hint - Turkish delight for a mere $5). One of these days...
5	Soltani plate is pretty good.. I'm Persian , so it's not a Persian plate but definitely is delicious .. In the market , you can find all kinds of Mediterranean spices , food , and other stuff.
5	Great platters for everyone, easy on the pocket, nice grocery store attached! on my favs !!
5	This is hands down my favorite place to eat! I have been coming here for over a decade and have yet to have a bad experience. The place is not fancy, nor do they pretend to be.  It's attached to a small marketplace, which is actually a huge plus for me.  Any time I run out of spices, I have a great excuse to stop by. :) The prices are very fair in both the restaurant and the marketplace. The servers here are great. They stop by when they are needed, but don't try to bombard you and upsell you the entire time you are eating. If you are a garlic lover, I highly recommend the chicken schwarma.
5	I've been shopping and eating here for years.   I love the food,  the price,  and the groceries.   I get things here you can't get at the supermarket.    I especially love to order the vegetarian platter,  but I've had almost everything on the menu,  and have never been disappointed!
5	Love this place. Fast, friendly service, excellent food. Fairly priced. Authentic middle eastern cuisine. Love the baba. Smoky & lemony. Sandwiches great as well as plates. Juicy lamb. All great.
1	I can see why this place has good ratings and I so so so wanted to like it. My family and I had an awful experience here tonight. We sat at a table for about 15 minutes with no waiter to even take a drink order. We decided to order to go thinking it would be faster since the table service was so slow. We waited HOUR after ordering our food. I finally asked how much longer only to find that they hadn't started the order. We were there an hour and a half total between all the waiting in line and waiting for food. If that wasn't bad enough, when we got home my husband and I BOTH found SEVERAL HAIRS in our food. Gross!! Thinking back some of the cooks had no hair cover. Honestly, the food looked pretty good, so if you don't mind waiting over an hour for your food and getting some bonus hairs from the kitchen then you might like this place. I will not be returning and would recommend to stay away. There are plenty of other good restaurants in the area
5	I go here weekly to pick up food for lunch.  I love their greek salad with a side of chicken schwarma.  It's seriously the best dressing.  Had tons of flavor. I definitely recommend.
5	Love love love. This is a very towny place to go, its been around forever.  Their food is great,  and you can't beat the price.
5	Some of the best Middle Eastern food I have had. So yummy. I also love the little market
5	I used to live in Tempe and came here constantly. I now live 40 minutes away and I still occasionally make the trip just for this restaurant.The food is incredible. Simply some of the best middle eastern food I have ever had. What really makes it special is how incredibly cheap it is. Think along the lines of $6-10 for massive dinner combo plates and $3 for appetizers. Even their import store is cheap. Some star features:-Enormous portions-Incredible food-Wonderful arabic coffee-You can buy a massive block of fresh feta for like $7-Delicious rosewater lemonade-'Exotic' spices for less than $2 for a massive bag.-Imported chocolate for only a few cents more than domestic chocolate costs. -See above: They have nestle kitkats instead of the inferior american hershey kitkatsMy wife and I eat out constantly and this is absolutely in our top 3 restaurants in the entire valley.
3	I'm not sure how this place got such raving reviews. It was okay at best. My food wasn't very flavorful and the flavor that it did have wasn't so appetizing. My dining partner's food was also not great. Neither of us finished. The restaurant and market itself were over-crowded and the service was lacking. Wouldn't go back, but everything deserves a second chance.
4	I love gyros and this place has some of the best around. But what's even better than the quality of these great gyros is the price! I have eaten here numerous times over the years and the prices have barley changed. They specialize in Mediterranean food so they have a lot to offer in the even that you'd rather have something different. Wonderful people and a wonderful place.  This one is a for sure place to try!!
2	After 2 years, you'd think that a place might improve a bit...alas it did not.  The service on our recent visit was S-L-O-W.  And by slow, I mean that I suspect that the kitchen was still plucking the feathers off the chicken when I ordered by kebabs. Our server had suggested that the schwarma would take at least 30 minutes to prepare and in retrospect, I should have ordered it anyway based on the length of time it took for our order to arrive. And it was NOT busy.  Drinks again were left bone dry. I tried the yogurt soda which was DISGUSTING. Skip it. The food was just meh and the service was yet again, lackluster at best. I will not be back to Haji Baba. 2 chances and between the meh food and the lackluster service, I just can't see giving more of my time or effort to a place that doesn't seem to want to put in time or effort.
4	I'm visiting Phoenix and went there tonight with a friend from the area who picked the restaurant, and I'm glad I did.  As others have said it's a very casual place attached to a store, but the food is what brings you there.  I couldn't decide what to try so I had the combination plate, from the description it looked like a light meal.  The food was great, but the portions were about double what I expected - instead of a light meal I barely finished it.  Everything was good, but I left wondering what some of the items were so I could get them again.
5	Super deal for lunch or dinner. Located on the light rail line in Tempe east of ASU campus, this grocery store / restaurant combo serves up some excellent Mediterranean food. Pita sandwiches are more than enough food for one for lunch or dinner, and if you are feeling extra hungry get a dinner plate with entree, Greek salad and rice. Everything made fresh in-house. The hummus is  as you would expect, but for something different try the eggplant baba ganaoush.
5	All I have to say is haji babas is legit. I always get the plates because you get a good amount of food. My favorite by far is the chicken shawarma plate. The flavor a from the chicken melt in your mouth and their rice is amazing. There is some secret sauce in that rice that makes it taste amazing.Imagine going to the Middle East and walking into some back street and finding a dive, this is it. A grocery store with a bunch of tables and a couple of servers. My kind of place. Went here for years when I lived in AZ. Now that I live in Cali and miss it all the time, I had to finally give it the review it deserves.
5	Haji has been around for decades and there is a simple reason why, they are the best. I love starting with the eggplant babagannucci (sp?). The lamb and beef are always tender no matter how you order it. Long live Haji-Baba!
5	Ever since I tried kebabs whilst visiting the UK 10 yrs ago, I've been on a quest to recreate the experience. Tonight, I finally did. My shish kebab plate tonight was wonderful. Slightly medium rare and not a trace of fat or gristle, perfectly seasoned and melt in my mouth tender. I could have done with a little less rice and a little more pita, but I couldn't have asked for more flavor. We started with the kibbee and sanbusek as appetizers. Both were delightful. I also decided to try the Arabic-style coffee (yum!) and baklava (so many kinds to choose from!) for desert. It couldn't have been more delicious :)The service was positively perfect, unobtrusive, but we didn't wait for anything, and he never made us feel rushed, even though we were the last people in there. We will definitely be back :)
5	Fantastic food every time!!!!!! My favorite when coming up from Tucson!!! I found this spot about 6 yrs ago and every time I get up to the Valley I always stop in and eat and also do a little shopping in the market store as well :) Great prices on the spices!!!!
4	You get more than your moneys worth here. Food is delicious.
5	Best middle eastern food I've had outside of the Middle East. So delicious, cheap, huge portions. Awesome little market of middle eastern goods attached. Highly recommended.
5	Yummmmmy! Very good, authentic middle-eastern food. Nice service. Also, there is a store kind of inside of the restaurant, with a lot of spices, snacks, and other things. The hummus is really good, very fresh-tasting. The gyros are delicious, and so are the shwarma wraps! Freshly made, yummy pitas. Casual ambience.
4	My family and I have been eating at Haji Baba since 1996. I ate here today and it is still every bit as good as it was then. My boys like the Gyro Platter. I got the Kabob Combo platter with Lamb Shish Kabob, Chicken Kabob, and Kabab Kubide. The lamb Kabob was amazing!!! The pita bread and hummus that came along with it was also fresh and delicious. I also tried the rose water lemonade, tart and different! The chicken kabob was a little dry hence the 4 stars. Also, ask for the salad dressing on the side, they tweaked the vinaigrette and it is now very spicy! You won't be disappointed at Haji!
4	Yummmmmy! Very good, authentic middle-eastern food. Also, there is a store kind of inside of the restaurant, with lots of spices, snacks, and other things. The hummus is really good, but it isn't really very flavorful. The salads aren't very good, though - too much dressing. The gyros are delicious, and so are the shawarma wraps! Freshly made, yummy pitas. Casual ambience. The tabouli is really good; I really recommend it!
4	Great place, amazing food and great prices. Probably going to be a regular spot for Mediterranean food for moi and the lady....
5	Yum... Need I say more! Normally my wife and I split a meal but at Haji Baba we don't because it's more fun to share! Not the typical type of food found in the valley a real hidden gem. What it lacks in the decor and atmosphere it makes up for in flavor and price... I highly recommend this place!
5	This place has great Mediterranean food! They have a market and a restaurant. The food is a good price, and it is a lot of food that they give you. I've gotten the gyro and the lamb is very tender and I am not a hug fan of lamb. The hummus is the best hummus I have ever tried. The service isn't amazing, but it is true ethnic Mediterranean food. The people their are very nice.
