5	Great place to come before the Dbacks games. Loved the chicken tenders, fries, and cold beer. We will be back!
1	Wow....game day, place is busy.one waitress, one bartender and one host... Not enough help, beer was cold but not a happening place, like trying to drink a beer in a school cafeteria. Wanted to order food but waitress would never come back to table. Went to Friday's at the Ballpark and was told that they(Coach's) just opened and they(Coach's employees) were in Friday's couple weeks earlier trying to recruit their wait staff.  This place has potential but not sure if it will survive if they don't get their act together quick.
5	Great location, right next to Chase Field and right in front of a light rail stop. The atmosphere is an upscale/trendy sports bar. Plenty of TV's if you can't get into the game. The food is amazing. Mac n cheese with chicken is a must, along with their Lobster bisque that is more like a chowder with chunks of lobster in it. Burgers were dynamite -  juicy inside, slighty crisp outside, with bacon and bacon mayo (Holy Bacon burger). Nice briosche bun that they brand teh top of with 'CC'.The bar and drinks is top shelf. Drink menu is creative, all named after a major league baseball team. My fiance drank the 'Cincinnati' all night, named Pete's Punch after Pete Rose. I had beer and teh El Pres margarita made with Herradura reposado and a side blanco shot.The staff is friendly and fun. we spent 5 hours there on Saturday night and never were rushed or hurried. Everyone was smiling and having a good time. Our waitress stayed and talked with us for a while even when we were just winding it down before driving home. We can't wait to go back and share this place with friends!!
5	I've been to Coach's Corner Grill about 5 times since it opened. Without a doubt one of my favorite downtown restaurants. The friendly staff, lead by Manager Daron make you feel welcomed the second you walk into the place. Coaches Corner is in the center of all the action. Only steps away from both Chase Field, the Convention Center and US Airways Center. What I like about the place is you can get some really unique menu items such as the best Lobster Bisque soup I ever tasted, or their homemade mozzarella sticks. You got to try it yourself  to appreciate their eclectic menu.  This is the perfect place to go if you're heading to a game, concert, or an event at the Convention Center. Just step off the light rail stop. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	This wasn't where I wanted to go for happy hour before the Dbacks game but it was hot & my friends didn't wanna walk & this was close. After grabbing our own drink menu, waiting too long to place our order & again for the drinks to arrive, I was giving my crew the "you should've listened to me!" face. And then a manager walked over & said, "You had to wait too long for your drinks & that shouldn't happen. I want you to have a good experience here." Already my mood improved because bad service is so common but having acknowledged? Wow! He comped us two delicious appetizers - nachos w/ shredded beef (the cheese sauce obviously, addictingly house-made) and chicken tenders w/ fries (loved the light, crispy batter on the chicken!) And, yeah, even my cocktail - slow though it was to get to me - was a really good drink. The manager saved our repeat business. We'll definitely try it again. The food & beverages were worth the visit & hopefully they'll smooth out the service kinks, too, to become a downtown fixture.
4	For a sports bar to succeed, they have to understand their clientele. They must get that a bevvy of different tastes will walk through their door; from the deep pocketed to those expecting deals any given time. I feel Coach's really hits a home run and understands...so lets steal home and discuss Coach's Corner Grill:~Fud/Drink~Right off the bat, this place is so close to Chase Field I could literally throw a baseball and hit an entry gate. So, given that, you would think they price things up. NOPE! Happy Hour, right before the game!! I was relieved to find good prices on beer and some appetizer specials to munch on. This alone compels me to return next time I go to a game. The drink specials were good, as were the selection of beers. The food looks a tad above par a general sports bar. They have a variety of choices, general bar fare done up a tad. I will get a bite to eat next time, but the people I was sitting around enjoyed their food, no complaints I could hear of. Looking over the menu, I know for sure I will definitely return to try a meal next time.~Atmosphere/Service~The barkeep we had was pretty busy with all the fans in the bar, yet he kept a smile the entire time and was very talkative to me and all the Orioles fans who stopped in. Fun guy, took his time on the orders with all of us at the bar and did not ask every 5 seconds if I needed an extra one. I asked about food options next time I came in, and he was very knowledgeable about items on the menu, and pointed out his favorites. It is a smaller space, however, and this place I am sure fills up quick on weekend games. It isn't overly homely, the bar is long enough and they have walls covered with various memorabilia. Its nothing to write home about, but this isn't an issue with great service.~Extras/Rating~Only extra I have is to get here early, especially on weekends. I highly recommend this bar. This bar beats any alternatives nearby, and is so close to Chase. They get 4 stars for good prices, fun and upbeat service, variety of food choices, and location to Chase Field. They "lose" a star for lack of space and ambiance. Really, those two factor out to a 4 star location in my mind, and a solid addition to the bar scene for the DBacks games.
5	So happy they opened this up here!  Great place to go for drinks, food, and watch a game!  Try the burger, steak, or lobster dishes.  Staff is very friendly and relaxed too!Only thing I would change is the entertainment.  They need a pool table, darts, and/or shuffle board.  Maybe a poker tournament every once in a while?
4	We stopped in for a drink during the game and this place was pretty cool. It was fairly empty at the time because they were hosting a high school reunion, but they were happy to have us all the same.The wings were really good and I'm not a huge wing eater. We got the BBQ and traditional. The bartender on at that time, Misty, was awesome and cute. She shook our hands and was really sweet. She told us of some other good places to check out while we were downtown.We will definitely go there again.
5	You have to try the Mac & cheese
3	Fun newer bar in downtown Phoenix that is starting to get their name out there. This place is located on Jefferson right next to Chase Field and only 1 block away from the US Airways Center.Staff is extremely attentive and friendly. Other night the owner came around to make sure we were satisfied with our meal. I always love when the owner shows their face. They have good bar food and a great happy hour. Only downfall was they ran out of champagne for Sunday mimosa's today!! I don't know how that happens at a bar?! Other than that, you should check it out.
4	I was intrigued by their Holy Bacon burger, because everything bacon is okay in my book. My former manager and I came here because we could never eat lunch together when we worked in the same office. She ordered the Italian beef and raved about it. I, clearly, ordered the bacon burger. It was fantastic, and seriously the bacon mayonnaise was to live for! What wasn't slathered on my burger was perfect for dipping fries. It's a condiment that would compliment any meal.
4	One of my fav lil spots in downtown.  This corner of downtown does not get as much love as it deserves on non game/event days [TGI Fridays is across the street] But it is at those times where folks like me like to come hang out. [As you can guess I am not much for crowds.] It is conveniently located on the 3rd St and Jefferson lightrail stop (an eastbound station) or just few short blocks walk south from the 3rd St and Washington lightrail stop (a westbound station).   So if you are one of those like me who likes to do the occasional lightrail pub crawl with friends make sure to add this to your list.  The booze is cold and their menu is pretty hot.  Hot in that it has some great items to choose.  My personal favorites are the nachos (those chips are awesome) add the beef or chicken and it just makes this plate of nachos much more yummy.  They make their own cheese sauce, it is not some yellow/orange glop they give you at a sporting event or movie.  Their burgers rock! Their salads woah.  But I still like their Mediterranean Hummus with the cool crisp veggies.  They have partnered with Mountainside Fitness to create a portion of the menu that is both tasty and healthy and I have to say it lives up to both.  The service has been excellent and I have never had an issue even at it's busiest.
4	Great place, great owner, great staff. I often take my kids to this location before/after Suns games. My kids are 3 and 5, they love coach's corner. The staff is always very friendly to them, bring them crayons and make sure the kids are having fun. The beer selection is good and they have good food. Their wings are great and I love their salads. I highly recommend this place for drinks with your friends or a parent-child outing. Give them a shot, they may give you one back : )  They don't get a lot of foot traffic and it would be sad if they didn't make it. Go SUNS!!
5	I was just out in Phoenix a few weeks ago, and this place was so amazing the first time I ate there night #1, that we went back on night #3 also. The Lobster Bisque and the Buffalo Chicken Macaroni and Cheese are off-the-charts amazing. I had the Blue Cheese Burger one night and a Spicy burger the second; both were awesome and decently priced for the location. This place is like 50 yards from the Ballpark and 50 yards from the Convention Center, so just walk over there after either event. I will definitely eat here every time I am in Phoenix.
3	Was disappointed, used to go to the Coach and Willies down the street, and do go to the Coach and Willies in Chandler.   Big difference,  the day we were there they were short handed on a Saturday afternoon.  Noisy,  slow service and had one beer and left after we couldn't get the time of day.   Looked like the Mgr. was trying to help.  There was a Civic Center event of some sort.  We drove from Chandler to try it out..  To top it off we had to sit at the bar next to a couple that looked homeless and was sharing a beer.   Gave it 3 stars just because of Coach and Willies respect.
5	The BEST bacon burger ever.  First yelp review because this burger deserved a review. I was visiting Phoenix and was looking for an outdoor place to enjoy a delicious burger without being overpriced. Coach's was the answer. They chop up he bacon and cook it in the burger- AMAZING. Perfect burger. Great service. Great beer specials. Will definitely try and remake this burger at home.
5	Well, everything happens for a reason. Our original plans for dinner didn't exactly pan out so we walked across the street and found this amazing place. Food was SO delicious! Seriously some of the best burgers we have EVER eaten. Service was friendly and prompt. Prices were surprisingly reasonable considering the location right next to Chase Field. Loved it and will positively be back when we return to Phoenix! P.S. It was pouring down rain the night we were there and the manager lead us through their back door to the parking garage so we could avoid the rain. Nice!
4	LOVE The LOCAL Beer On Tap & Lobster Bisque was to die for. Going to a Suns Game? Come here First!
5	I've watched this place grow from opening day.  The atmosphere, food, and service continue to impress me with every visit.  Every meal is timely and consistent. The staff, some of which are friends and some I've just recently met, are always accommodating. This is THE place to go before or after any Downtown event!  Coach's Corner Grill just keeps getting better with age!
5	Finally a place for great quality food and drink prior to a Dbacks or Suns game at reasonable prices.  I recommend the SW turkey club, served on sourdough with house made pimento cheese. The Lobster Bisque as a side is worth the upgrade. Buffalo mac & cheese was also good.  Pretty good selection of draft beers with happy hour specials. Staff is good about getting you served and checked out in time for the game. Much needed place for downtown sports district.
1	Stopped in last night looking for a beer and a bite.  AZ/WI bball & Yotes/wild on TVs, good start.  Sat at a table for 10 minutes and was never acknowledged.  Strange, wasn't very busy.  Approached the bar and asked for water, beer, and a menu.  Rude guy told me I couldn't stand there, gave me my goods and said someone would start a tab after I found a seat.  Back to my table of desolation.  A gent named Corey introduced himself and asked if I would mind moving as a party of 28 was coming in.  Told him it was all good as long as I could see the hockey game.  Service did not improve.  I would flag down any server that looked my way, but still took forever to get anything.  Sandwich came and it was tasty.  Corey came by again to ask who my server was.  Said I didn't know.  He asked if I'd been paying cash.  I told him, no I haven't paid anything.  Ordered another beer with 5 mins left in the game.  Game over, no beer, no server.  Approached the bar to pay the tab.  Guess who I get?  Rude guy!  Shoos me away and tells me to go pay my server.  I was here a few weeks ago, food was great and service was better, but I don't think I'll waste my time again.
3	We have been here three times since they opened and we enjoy going, but we will probably not order food from here anymore.  They have great local beers on tap with average downtown prices. In regards to the food, it has the potential of being very good, but every single food item we have ordered from here (on three separate visits) has come out cold. We ordered the nachos this last time, but their cheese sauce was cold, not even warm. This is a great spot for a drink though!
4	Fun place, right next to chase field. Visiting from SF for Dback /Giants opener, great place for a beer before the game. Staff friendly, service good...went back after game for flatbread pizza snack and it hit the spot!
2	(bald) Bartender, extremely rude. This review  would be too long if I listed our conversation. I spoke to a manager, about his "treatment" toward us. The manager apologized and bought us a beer. That was nice of him but I hope the bartender will work on his "people" skills. The place wasn't very busy, an hour or so, after a Dbacks game. We didn't eat. I've heard good things about the food. Baldy Bartender put a downer on us wanting to stay longer.  I do like that they have a few tvs. There was no way that I was going to ask the bartender to change the station, lol.
4	Started coming here a few months ago and really like it. It's a great place to go during the lunch hour. They have a great lunch menu and you generally get in an out pretty fast. If you go during the game, it can get really busy and service is slow. But - that's kind of expected with that many people stopping in.Friendly staff and great beer selection. Nice outdoor seating as well.
4	Nice local beer selection, and the food is really good. I especially recommend the nachos.The service was a little slow (a long time between my water glass going dry and being refilled - and I never was given the chance to order a 2nd beer even though I finished the 1st before the food arrived - but I'm going to attribute that to it being a game day. If it wasn't packed, it would be a great atmosphere.
5	Wow now this place is a must go to if you are in the area!!! By far the best Mac and cheese I have EVER HAD!! I got the lobster Mac and cheese. Now this is no measly dish, huge chunks of lobster in an amazing sauce. To die for. I also got the brisket chilli. The sweet, smoky, and spicy flavors were so bold it was heaven for my palette. My friend got the buffalo Mac and cheese. So amazing with nice sized chunks of breaded buffalo chicken, bleu cheese crumbles and all around amazingness. Our server Paul was amazing. Super nice. Helped us out with suggestions. And was right on for what I wanted even though I had no clue. You better check out this place when you are in downtown Phoenix!!
3	Burgers are good. Fries can be good but vary in what type they give you based on what you order.  "Chopped greens" is code for iceberg lettuce on their menu.
5	I ate at a few places during Phoenix Comicon 2014. I have to say that Coaches Corner Grill was the best spot. Saturday after 7pm only waited about 5 minutes. They got slammed by our group and a group that included the Hulk and some DOZD. There were paramedics called outside during dinner so that was interesting. Because of how busy it was and the large parties, food took close to an hour but with the conversation and our server being very attentive it felt like no time at all. The mac and cheese is amazing, the wings are hearty and delicious, and they have a bacon CRUSTED burger that was awesome too. The only thing to improve would be to serve the beer colder. That being said, I still give this place five stars. The reason that this gets five stars and not four is because unlike some bar food this food tasted great and did not do a conga line through me within an hour, like most bar food.  It will be a Con regular outing for years to come.
4	I stopped here before the Diamondback/Brewer game for a few drinks + apps, and wow does this place get jam packed! It's pretty teeny inside, and there were at least 30 of us trying to squeeze in to an already packed space. The drinks came quick (icy cold summer shandy and blue moon). There were also 2 girls giving out some kind of cider samples.. Can't remember the name but very good! We ordered chicken nachos, sliders, quesadilla, mozz sticks, and a few different burgers. I stuck with the quesadilla , fully loaded with cheese, chicken, peppers, and side of salsa. I couldn't finish it, was a lot of food. Very friendly and fast, will be back for sure before/after game days :)
5	Food was fantastic! Always love when you can go to a sports bar and get quality food. Service was great too.
4	Great spot very close to the sports arenas downtown.The food here is simple but well executed bar grub. The staff is always attentive. If anything does go wrong they are very quick to fix it. (we had and order of fries arrive cold and they were promptly replaced with some of the best screaming hot, crispy and perfectly seasoned fries i've had in a while. The people watching here is great as well. It is right behind a light rail stop so that keeps the entertainment coming. Stop in for a cold beer, All American eats and great service!
4	Had a great time after the Dbacks afternoon game.  Chicken nachos were the best I have had in years.  Good food and GREAT service are hard to beat. We will be back soon.
3	In town for a Diamondbacks game.  Quick stop here for lunch before going to the stadium.  Service was slow.  Food was alright.  Salad with steak could use more steak.  The fried onion strings added a nice crispy crunch to an otherwise boring blue cheese steak salad.  Enchilada with pork was a generous portion with 3 enchiladas and flavor was good.
5	Stopped by here on the way to a Diamondbacks game.  I had the BEST meatball sandwich I've ever had in my life! The meatballs were moist, flavorful, and simply amazing!   The Italian roll was fresh, and very tender!  I am a meatball lover, and creator!!  I would die to be able to replicate this meatball.... I just might die trying! Highly recommend this place!!! Will definitely be back to Coach's!!
4	Great location,  good service and great food. Has plenty of TV's to watch with a variety of sports to choose from.
4	Sweet little spot situated perfectly between the ball field and US Airways Center.  Never heard of it but it got great reviews on Yelp so we gave it a whirl before the Lady Gaga show.  The Hatch mac n' cheese was extremely tasty and my friend's nachos looked delish.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Extremely reasonably priced too!
5	Great service great location and the burgers were 100% the best I had ! The only thing I didn't like that they don't have one near my house
3	Most obvious is the great location close to the ballpark and downtown phoenix.  Loved the variety of menu items and atmosphere.  Unfortunately should have been a tip off when soup came out cold.  We asked for them to warm it up and after they "nuked it in the microwave" it tasted funny and was sick all night and well into the next day.  Sometimes things happen, may try again, but definitely not their lobster bisque...
5	Great staff.Cheese sticks. Think egg roll meets cheese. Best ever. Great place for a pre- or post-game hang out.
4	Met a friend here before Friday's Diamondbacks game. Quaint little place located right acrossed the street from Chase Field. Perfect for meet-ups and post-game drinks. I just had a soda since I wasn't hungry at the time but my friend got their Sliders and they looked really good. The staff here is really good and they keep on top of things such as refilling drinks, checking on orders, and inquiring how the meal tastes. Very friendly service. I recommend giving them a try.
5	Best place to go before the game. Awesome "branded" burgers and scrumptious chicken fingers with the tastiest dipping sauce ever! Today.... We won a FREE Corona. Viva Los Hipanic Heritage Day!
5	Coach's Corner Grill is a great place to get some really good food.  I have to admit that I assumed it would be just like any other food joint next to a ball field that served average at best food with good deals on beer. I WAS WAY OFF!!!!!! I have been to Coach's now three times and I have left satisfied each time.  The nachos are great and anything with steak here is great.  You will not be disappointed.
4	We found this place while we were waiting for Chase Field to open before a DBacks game and have been coming in before each game since. The food is really good and I love the homemade nacho cheese sauce. The chicken on the nachos is really good too. They have a large selection of beers including several local selections. All of the dishes we have seen come out look really good but I haven't been able to tear myself away from that darn nacho sauce. Maybe next time...
3	I'm passing through Phoenix in route to California. I just looked for a sports bar near my hotel downtown. You always have to be careful on Sunday because some bars can be very home team and not open to visiting teams. This place wasn't like that. The staff wasn't the most happy to serve me, but they warmed up to me, what I liked about this place was the environment. They are very interactive with guests, bells going off, tossing out free stuff every once in a while. They even have the teams playing below each TV which is a simple enough concept that I would think more people would use it. Their menu was hit and miss for me. I had the cheese sticks which were awesome, but I had the Italian sub for lunch and it was less than great. Still, I'd imagine the rest of the food is good because there were lots of things I saw later which I thought "I SHOULDVE HAD THAT!" The liquor was a bit pricey for a game day, in my opinion. Stick with beer here. Overall if I had a chance to go back I definitely would but I'd pick my food differently, only reason it's 3 stars is because what I had wasn't mind blowing or anything like that.
4	Great place! Very friendly and attentive staff (Philly). A definite stop if you are by Chase Field!
5	Great happy hourand great food. The staff was so interactive with us. This is officially a great spot to have drinks before any game downtown. Cant Belive  i have never seen  this place while i go to dback games. This is my official pre-game spot before games.
4	What a great sports bar to go to just outside of Chase Field.I was strolling along beautiful downtown Phoenix and asked an officer for a decent place to eat and one of his choices was this place.  Most of the people walking around were headed to watch the Suns game at U.S. Airways arena so this place wasn't crowded.My waiter Ray recommended the Turkey Club and it was fantastic. I almost couldn't get enough of it. Came with a side salad.Lots of TV's and a great place to be.  Also right in front of the light rail train system, which took me directly back to my hotel.  Perfect location, great food and great service.
5	We were in town for a playoff pop warner game. 50ish people looking for a place to eat and watch some sports. This place was the best on all fronts. Food was good to great. My blu burger with fries was great. Service was great. Prices were fair. We liked it so much we made plans to come back the next day after our game. They were again great on all fronts....especially since we had to drown our sorrows.
3	I was in this place back in September of 2014.  I met a friend while I was in town and after we had done a tour of the baseball park.  They have a good assortment of beers and the food is typical bar food.  The service was very good and the one special thing about this place is you could meet someone famous.  I met Tony LaRussa who is the VP Player Operations or something like that for the Diamondbacks, but I know him from his St. Louis Cardinal days. Well, I don't know him like we are buddies, but know of him while he was with the Cardinals.  We also saw Eric Young, Sr. who was with LaRussa in the same bar.  He was a player for the Dodgers and hit the very first home run in Rockies history during the very first at bat in Rockies Franchise history in which he hit it at the old Mile High Stadium back in 1993 before Coorsfield was built.  Young was a Rockies players not a Dodgers player at that time.  Anyway, the place is nice and good place to go to meet a friend and have a beer.
3	Staff are awesome in this downtown sports bar. I was there to watch football. Food was ok - generous portions but just ok quality-- had chicken strips and a salad-The drinks were reasonable for the pour. There were a couple of pretty loud groups of pretty intoxicated people- yes I know it's a bar- some  were borderline rude and inappropriate to others, not me but just made me uncomfortable.  Just not a comfy vibe.
2	Great staff.  Overpriced food and beverages. Small portions for a premium $$$$ price. Wait staff friendly and accessible but could not compensate for the overpriced bar food. Wings were small and few in number for a excessive price
