5	This place is awesome.  I only found it because I was taking the Monorail to the other end of the Strip and it passes right over it.  I first noticed the giant sign declaring, "29 Years Left on Our Lease!"  This may seem odd anywhere else in the world, but in Vegas you realize that Steve Wynn will buy up this property and put condos on it in a hot New York minute.  The place is grubby and it's in a strip mall, and is attached to a convenience store.  So why 5 stars?  Asides from the sign above the cashier that states "Pay Outs" with an arrow to the left window, and "Paychecks Cashed" with an arrow to the right....The beer here is $1.50.  And the 1/4 hot dog is a dollar.  Sure it's made of sheep lips, but it tasted fine and it was cheap.  It is places like this that allow me to stand Vegas.  The real places, that have contractors having a cold beer during their lunch break.  You gotta stop by if you're there.  Tell them Graham sent you, and they'll only charge a dollar for the hot dog.
1	I'm no stranger to dive bars/casinos, but this one is at the bottom of my list. I stopped in here for a beer in the afternoon because it looked interesting in a  extremely low rent way. I'm always polite, I know not to whistle for a drink, I know the things that piss bartenders off, but after being studiously ignored for ten+ minutes as the  blonde druggie skank bartendress with the prominent obviously man-made tatted bowsprit walked past me and served other patrons first, I  waved my arms semaphore-like at her and smiled. She said " if you ever do that again I will stick my foot up your ass, I'm from New Jersey."   A true glutton for punishment,  I laughed, thinking it was a joke, but apparently not. No beer was forthcoming and she went off to fiddle with the  worthless sound system, while  everyone else at the bar who needed a drink sat there drinkless too.  Sure the hot dogs are a buck, but if pig's anal sphincter by-products with  extra sodium nitrite appeal to you, be my guest. Walk down the street to Ellis Island for a better experience.
4	Total DIVE bar to the maximum!  Okay now I'm a Budweiser fan, but for $2.50 I can get an all beef hot dog and a Miller Light.  It's like the Costco for the grown up world.  Shots are cheap.  Domestics are $1.50.  You can get snacks and hot foods for $3.  This is definitely a place where you go to get full of cheap beer, cheap food, and grab a couple of cheap shots for a buzz before you wander elsewhere on the strip.  There is always a sassy chick there when we go, and I think her name is Belinda or Melinda.  I can never remember.  She's rad.  Get one of the old guys there to talk sh!t to her and she'll trash talk with the best of them.  Oh ya, there's video slots.  I don't gamble, but I've been seen putting a dollar or two of my boyfriend's in there and wishing for a new Coach purse!
5	Alright as usual all reviews should be relevant to the category and realities of the experience.  Stage Door does not portend to be anything but a place well managed enough to have an extremely long lease at a good rate.They pass those savings on to you and the staff is attentive yet keeps you on your toes.  If you forget contraception, the mens restroom has an extensive and varied supply of options to help you take care of business.
5	Hey, all you reviewers who "love" dive bars but gave this place a low rating: this is an actual dive bar! This is not a place for hipsters to go and feel like they are slumming. There is broken glass all over the parking lot and if you want more respect than the disheveled local wearing his Ironmongers Union suspenders, forget it.This is the Platonic Ideal of a forlorn dive bar and for that I am giving it more stars than I did French Laundry. I loved my $1.50 hot dog and also the look that the bar wench gave me for NOT also getting the Miller Lite to wash it down with. There's only 21 years left on their lease so mark your calendars!
5	I agree with Ian G. on this one. I take everyone that visits me to this bar. I lived in Vegas for a year and a half and did not know of the Stage Door. A co-worker brought me one night and I fell in love with it. From the extremely cheap drinks to the questionably decent bar food it doesn't get much more "divey" than the stage door.To the people that ripped on the bar staff... you need to give Stage Door another chance on your next visit. The bartenders at the larger back bar pour the strongest drinks in town and are really great people. Go see Kat or Diane and they will take care of you! Kat may be one of the funniest bartenders I have ever met and with a great personality.The diversity of the crowd here may be the best part. Some nights there is hip-hop playing, some times rock and even country. You couldn't put together a more diverse group of bar-goers if you tried. From elderly couples dressed like they came from a wedding, to construction workers, to pimps, to college kids in shorts and t-shirts and even a group of bachelorettes!This bar is a fantastic stop before you head to one of the bigger clubs/lounges on the strip if you are looking for a nice cheap buzz before you head out. Keep this in mind because drinks at the clubs start at about $7 bucks for a beer!Hope I helped someone with this review and see you at the Stage Door!
4	This is the best place to do some serious drinking in Vegas.Although prices "varied" a bit, the typical price for a mixed drink and two beers for me and my crew was about 6.50$.Cathy the Korean bartender is a real pro, and the best bartender in Vegas.Other patrons range from iron-workers from nearby construction sites, to longtime locals, to cool old friendly black dudes that play good soul music on the jukebox, to down-and-out sorts.A perfect day is to go to Elliss Island down the street for steak and eggs breakfast--4.99--then head to the Stage Door to get your early morning into late afternoon drink on.The hot dogs were good at 1.50-- or free if you have bought a few rounds.  The other food is of the toss into that single deep fryer variety and thus is best avoided.Like so many other reviews about "dives" on here, this place separates the men from the boys.  If you don't like  people and are looking for "irony" rather than reality, you should probably stay away.  The patrons here aren't looking to amuse you, they are in the middle of a shift, or looking to drink, or need this place cuz it's what they can afford.You throw off attitude here and you are likely to get an earful from the bartender or worse.  Those union boys in the suspenders don't suffer fools gladly.On the other hand, there are lots of cool people to talk to here and I can't think of a better place for spending some quality time on a bar stool.It will be a sad day 21 years from now when they lose their lease!
4	Sick of dive bars that are just hipster code for dark and expensive with a dart board, well people need to take notice of Stage Door, which may very well be the crappiest bar I've ever had the privilege of drinking at. And I loved it. The vibe makes you feel like you're drinking in the convenience store at a gas station, coupled with some losers wasting away at video poker at the bar. But that's ok, they can afford it considering how cheap this place is! Vegas may be one giant rip off, but for at least the next 21 years, Stage Door will be there to make sure you can get full on drunk for cheaper than the price of one drink at the nearest casino bar. Well... maybe not quite... especially considering that this might be the first dive I've ever been to where my BOTTLED beer tastes watered down. But really, at a place like this, I wouldn't have it any other way.
2	This place really is a pukehole, but I may try it again just because I love  abuse and I guess I'm into non high-end vegas places. I hate to diss anyone or anywhere, please try it and write your own conclusions.
3	Location location location.  This place is a total dive, featuring what I think can best be summarized as 'truck stop chic' - but it is located just off the strip behind the Flamingo.  With drinks at the bar of your typical club running $8-12, the thought of a little in-room pre-gaming isn't bad.  And Stage Door knows it.Smaller bottles are of most liquors are about $12, while a standard sized bottle is about $25.  Big bottles are over $30.  Red Bulls are $3 each and half a gallon of orange juice is $5.  Yeah, they're gouging you, but it is still cheaper than going out.If you're nearby, at Ballys, Caesars, or the Flamingo, definitely worth going to...unless you can find another place.
5	You can walk here in less than 5 minutes from Caesar's and buy $15 cases of beer and $25 bottles of booze to go. That's 5 stars in my book.
4	What a crap hole!  I love it.  The drinks are crazy cheap considering the Stage Door's proximity to the strip.  The food isn't too bad, and how can you go wrong with a $1.50 hot dog?I usually stop here after dinner at Batista's (next door) or after pouring one out for Tupac at Flamingo and Koval every September 13th.Why not five stars?  The smell is pretty bad and the bathrooms are absolutely filthy.  Other than that, the Stage Door is a great (cheap) place to pre game or post party!
4	On my last trip to Vegas and first visit to this place I texted out "I think we found our new home," and it wasn't just the Crown Royal talking.Keep in mind I can't give a local or regular perspective, but I consider it a great place to get a break from the "cash/flash/trash" nonstop of the strip.  We wandered in after meandering along the strip and looking for a place to kill some time before heading to a concert at Mandalay Bay, lured in by the divey exterior and the back-side marquee sign boasting $1.50 well drinks.We were not disappointed.  If anything it really was a weird bit of alt-universe deja vu for a couple who grew up in blue-collar northern Michigan...where places like this weren't called "dive bars" but were just plain old BARS.  Difference of course being that this one happens to have slot machines and video poker games installed, but at happy-hour on a Friday it's sure looking like the same mix of construction-trade workers and mixed local drinkers as any old place back home.  If you don't act stuck-up or douchey you can have some fun conversations with new acquaintances here, and be sure to enjoy the fact that a pair of cocktails and a pair of shots costs a mere $11.
4	Really and truly, one of my favorite places in Vegas. While I really like to stay in some of the nicer hotels in Vegas (Mirage being my usual, and Wynn if I can afford it), I love to hang out at the most divey shitholes around. Enter Stage Door! And no, this isn't some hipster haven, people. It's a true dive, and god bless it! The prices are amazing, and all they have is video poker and a few slot machines - my favorite! Get yourself a hot dog and a Miller Lite for $1.50. YES! The place does reek of old, stale beer, as do some of the regulars... But really, there's not much else not to like about this place. It's only a five minute walk east of the Strip, but totally mellow and relaxed. Absolutely love it.
5	So I have now been going to this bar for over a year... and it is still my favorite place to go hang out and have a cheap drink. Can't beat the prices, especially this close to the strip.My advice - if your going to stop in to Stage Door for the first time, make sure you go M-Th from 5pm-1am and see Diane at the larger bar. Tell her John sent you.I would knock my rating down to 4.5 stars if I could for the following reasons: the bathroom may or may not have diseases- recommend for women to use the "hover" approach. Besides that the only down fall is leaving smelling like the place. Which isn't exactly roses.Still a true divebar... unlike the self-title Divebar on E. Tropicana that charges just as much as some strip bars and is so dark that I don't know if the crack head next to me is a guy or a girl. Divebar is cool and all but it should not be called Divebar unless it plans to lower its prices. A true divebar doesn't charge 4 bucks for a can of bud light. WTF?!Oh and to the girl that wrote that she ate the $3 taco special and it didn't taste good... maybe you shouldn't be dumb enough to order tacos at a dive bar! What did you expect? DId you see a kitchen that was making your food?
5	The only place on the Strip where you won't be raped for a drink.  Small, dingy, dimly-lit... and AWESOME!  Great people watching and great depressing, down-at-its-heels atmo.  All types wander in off the street, being as it's located right at the 4 Corners (Flamingo & LV Blvd).  The only downside is, they serve all manner of nasty-ass deep-fried bar food, and the smell of the deep-fry grease penetrates into your hair and clothes like NOTHING ELSE.  I only go here if I know I'm going to wash my hair that night.  Seriously, it's THAT BAD.  But I still give it five stars because of the awesome atmosphere and amazing unpretentiousness... amazing because it is an oasis in a sea of douchebaggery!UPDATE 3-18-10I actually ate there last night, which is a real shocker because I hate fried foods, and the place stinks so bad from the deep-fryer that I was extremely hesitant to partake of anything that causes a smell like that. I had a bratwurst, and it was AWESOME! Moreover, I was with a friend, and we had a brat, a burger, a rum & coke, a gin & tonic and a beer.... and the total tab was $10.50. Not a typo! This place is TOPS in my book :-)
4	I would tell I met some of the greatest real people I had ever met. I was in Las Vegas for 3 days and feeling a bit home sick and I walked in and I was made to feel at home and even met a couple Iron workers that were from MN. I spent the whole day just chatting and gambling and I could have not had a better time.It was like every bar I love in Mpls.!!!!
2	They have made some changes here and these changes forced my favorite bartender to leave. The drinks were not nearly as strong last time I went and I was very dissappointed. Still a good place to grab cheap drinks before going out (just make sure you have cologne or AXE with you to cover the bar smell).Haven't been in weeks now and this was my regular spot. Pretty sad.
4	Long story short: we were walking back to our hotel from the Strip. We saw the sign for a $3 hot dog and a beer combo. It's just a hole in the wall dive bar / casino with a convenience store in the back. The Waitress was great. And the hot dogs were fantastic. Big and juicy. Great deal for a late night, moderately-drunk snack!
5	I love this place. My date and I decided to kill time here while we waited 45 minutes for our table at Battista's next door. Total dive, and that is said with love and affection. Cold beer, friendly staff, 5 cent video black jack, and hot dogs behind the bar. Enough said.It was way better than Battista's turned out. Should've had a hotdog for dinner.
4	I have became a fan of the Stage Door, it is one of the quintessential dive bars in Las Vegas, where else within a block of the strip can you get a  $1 Miller High Life, $1.50 domestic beer or well drink, $1.75 import, a hotdog and a Miller Lite for $2.50 or a Brat and A Heniken for $3...the answer is no where.The Bartenders are pretty friendly, the bouncers can be a bit gruff, and the clientele, well that is pretty much one of the reasons to check out the place, no where else will you see people in suits, an army of foreigners, a few insane homeless people, and a bunch of industry workers all enjoying a frosty beverage at the same time?The Juke Box has an amazing selection, and they have Video Poker and Video BJ for $0.01-$5 a credit.They also have small menu of bar food that is pretty decent, but the drinks are the reason to check the place out. If you've never been to the Stage Door you don't know what you are missing out on...this place is an oldschool vegas gem!!!
5	There are a few new specials that must be mentioned.They added Pizza to their Apps Menu, it's $4 and is actually pretty good, all other food is still $3.They also now have a shot of Old Crow and a Bottle of Pabst Blue Ribbon for $2, if that doesn't make you want to stop in I don't know what will :)
3	Stage Door is a total dive bar. As a matter of fact, even after driving by it for years, I still thought it was just a convenience store with maybe 3 stools where you can play video poker. Well, it turns out they do have a convenience store, but then you walk on the other side of the batteries and ice cream bars and there is an actual bar. Two bars, to be exact. The place is not big. It reeks of smoke.There is video poker.The crowd is questionable. In one night, I was approached by several bums asking for money or just a cigarette, there was a fight outside, the cops came, and one guy was arrested. Action-packed!Overall, I would probably give a place like this 1.5 stars (extra .5 is because it's so close to the strip). BUUTTT, Stage Door gets an extra 1.5 stars for its ridiculous prices:$2 for a Miller Lite and a huge delicious Nathan's hot dog!$1 Bud Lights!$3 for a Heineken and a bratwurst!$2 Jaeger shots!I did not order the bratwurst, but I can attest to the deliciousness of the hot dog.Plus service was very prompt. I definitely don't want to go to Stage Door every night, but when I have some cheap-loving company in town (like Kevin F. for instance), we will definitely head down here to get cheap beers and hot dogs and then a pack of yogurt pretzels to go.
4	I have to update the Door, it's still my go to after work hang out however, they no longer have $1 Miller High Life's.have  They now $1 Michalob Light or Lagers (same beers as Casino Royale), I have to say I'm not a fan of the move, but still it's $1 beer.
4	Another sad update, it's no longer a PBR and A Shot of Old Crow, it's now a Busch Beer and a shot of Ancient Age Burbon for $2All their specials now revolve around AB/Unibev products, it appears they've cut ties with Miller/Coors they still carry their products but no more specials
2	Convenience store is located right by the casino so the prices are jacked up.  I glanced into the bar and it looked like a glimpse into the flotsam of humanity.    They sell liquor and convenience.   Sliding to the darker side of humanity.
5	My favorite dive in vegas!  Only 1 block off the strip.  They have ridiculous prices, video poker, a killer jukebox, hot bartender, and a freakin LIQUOR store on premises. I bought rounds for 4 people, and spent less than 20 bucks.2 dollars will get  you a Busch and a shot of cheap bourbon.3 dollars will get you chilli cheese fries4 dollars will get you a shot of Jack and a Busch5 dollars will get you a patron shot ( if you like that garbage)I LOVE YOU STAGE DOOR.i dont need to leave Las Vegas broke anymore  =)
5	This place is awesome.  I give it five stars based on the experience.  It's not the most amazing place you'll ever visit, doesn't have great decor, beer, or food, but the atmosphere is great.They have some of the best hot dogs I've had in a long time.  For $3 you can get a dog and a beer.  There's a few other food options, like burgers, fries and wings.  I really love waffle fries, and these one don't disappoint.The staff here is really friendly.  The bartender made hanging out here a lot of fun.  There's a completely eclectic group, but everyone is there to have a good time.Video poker has a minimum bet for $.05, so you can play for quite a while if you're low on cash, or just trying to pass the time.Bottom Line: It's block off the strip.  This short walk will get you you much more fun at a fraction of the price.
5	I had bookmarked this place to try while on a recent trip to Vegas not knowing it was about a block from my hotel. Awesome! Super cool combo of bar/casino/liquor store/convenience store. Weird, but cool. They have friendly bar staff and fun clientele that make you feel at home instead of staring at you with stink-eye when you invaded their personal dive bar.. Lots of locals hang here including Elvis-es and fully painted dudes. Chat them all up for some interesting stories. Hang later in the night and you may get propositioned on your walk out or get to witness tourists fall down, which you have to expect in this town. All that plus a killer jukebox and cheap snacks equals a great time. I'll definitely be back to the Stage Door.
4	There's always a first time for everything!Went to a dive bar in Vegas and Stage Door was it! Came in before our crazy night out. I think it was happy hour or something cause well drinks were $1.50. WTF! Really! I know it's "just well" but people that I know that work at bars say they fill their "good stuff" with well alcohol anyways, so I ain't hatin. The crowd is kind of rough, but don't be such a wuss!
3	Definite DiveI'll take...*1 order of A Hotdog & Bud for $2.50 *1 cheap Well Drink for $1.50But please...*Remember to NOT grab money with the hand you just put a glove on to fix my food with*Give me a smile!!Indeed, this place is a total dive and could be more sanitary but HEY..  the dogs are juicy, the beers cold, and the price is right! Expect the worse and you may not be utterly disappointed. The State Door get's pretty packed but I'll be back for sure!!High Class & Snooty Booties Be Warned!
5	Crusty and dirty. Cheap booze and equally cheap, but scrumptious foot long dogs.Whores and a bunch of rowdy ironworkers.My ironworker fiance turned me on to this place and it's one of the reasons I love him.The juke box is usually spewing out some vulgar club-rap and the bartendresses will flirt with your boyfriends. If you are one of those folks who lock the doors of your vehicle while driving through a poor neighborhood, you won't be comfortable there. Other than the fantastic prices and yummy hotdoggies, the REAL Vegas locals lurking about this joint make it exciting and interesting. Divey Stage Door kicks much booty.
5	This place is a complete dive, and a great one at that.  Great place to start the evening.  Yes its a dirty bar with weirdos but the service is great and none of the weirdos will bother you.Here is all you need to know-One block from the strip- $3 for a beer and hot dog
4	A local joint...a dive....a convenience store?The answer is D) all of the freakin aboveThe crowd was nice...visualize the dive bar scene from Star Wars : A New Hope.  Our buxom server was adorable offering keen local insight to go with her life story.  I felt welcome at the Stage Door.  When tourists aimlessly walked in I felt the need to invite them into this wonderful world that felt more like home and less like Vegas.They have 2 slot machines.  And if you win a guy comes out from a hidden room to pay you by hand.2 dollar Busch and Bourbon special was a pleasant surpriseCheck out the Stage Door when your sick of getting swindled on the main strip and just want to kick it with Elvis and his silver painted best friend.
4	This is the best dive bar ever!  Loved the people and the very laid back atmosphere.  It's a must when visiting Vegas!
4	This place totally rocks! It's a dive bar/cigarette shop/slots places/convenience store. Great place to get a beer and a bite to eat quickly.Hotdog and a Bud for $2.50. Nice!Remember its a "Dive Bar" so you're not going to get any royal treatment. If thats what you want, you're in the wrong place.  Expect the buxomy female bartenders to flirt with you or your boyfriends when you're here. Expect to meet a lot of interesting people. Expect to have a good time here and while you're at it, have a hot dog  and a Bud. Totally awesome place!
4	I feel like Stage Door is a little breathe of Old School Vegas right on the main strip.  Not only is it a complete whole in the wall and attached to a liquor store, they actually have food and drinks at dirt cheap prices. You can get a small pizza for $4, a hot dog and beer for $2, $1.50 shots, or a Busch and shot for $2!    We ate here multiple times to conserve money for gambeling and drinking.  Who wants to spend $50 on every meal, when you probably are not going to remember it anyway!
4	its a cheap place near bills gambling,  good hot dog and beer deal.  If your walking near flamingo and las vegas blvd, check it out cheap and some munchies to snack on.
4	Ok $2.50 for a domestic beer & Nathan's hotdog, now that's a deal! This was right behind our hotel and it was my savior last Sat morning. Woke up hung over & hungry, but I didn't want to spend a lot of dough. I had a Bud Lite, not the best beer around but at that price no need to complain. The dog was pretty good, I topped mine with mayo, relish, and mustard. The mustard wasn't that yellow stuff either, sure they had the yellow stuff, but I had the brown mustard with seeds, yum! The bartender was really attentive and really nice. Yes this place is a dive, but the best part is that they actually offer dive prices. This place is full of deals, also on the counter a list of $3 bites, picture attached.  Also $3 you can get a Shocktop beer with a Brat cooked in Beer. This place is a gem and will be my place to grab a cheap bite & adult beverage whenever I'm in Vegas.
4	Stage Door is my official go-to for booze, soda, mixers, snacks and virtually anything else I need in Vegas that I didn't pack when I'm staying at Center Strip. It's a very short walk a block or so east of the strip directly behind Bill's Gamblin' Hall. So if you're staying at Bill's, Flamingo, Bally's, Paris, Bellagio, etc. and don't want to pay an arm and a leg for your sundries, head on down to Stage Door for your goodies and to get a bonus eyeful of local color. I've never lingered long enough to hang out in the tiny casino/bar, but it seems like the kind of place you'd love if you're into dive bars and the ever more elusive (dare I say 'romanticized') seedy underbelly of old Las Vegas (and I mean that in the best way possible as I've never encountered any aggressive or mean-spirited people here). They fill a need and do it well...every time.
4	Your Vegas Neighborhood/Dive bar. Comfortable and welcoming. The bartenders are awesome and should be training the bartenders on the strip. Cheap beer, $2.50 for Sierra Nevada?? Great hot dogs. Did i mention the bartenders are awesome?
4	My second favorite dive bar in Vegas, The Double Down (http://www.yelp.com/biz/double-down-saloon-las-vegas#hrid:oZHeXQp_ldu44aRF4RT9lQ/src:self) of course being numero uno. At least this one is closer to the strip.Pay attention here, no lies. $1 beers, $3 Stoli bloodys 1 block off the strip. The crowd can be a lil sketchy, and most of the bartendresses look like ex-strippers that have been put out to pasture. But after being tortured by the piped in Celine Dion type music at the casinos, I come running to this place at least once a day. The punk and heavy metal blasting away helps to purge my brain of the muzak crap.Better in the daylight hours, or the crowd gets scarier. Although it is usually pretty entertaining with the mix of druggies, ex-cons, tourists and hookers. The seedier side of the Vegas of old still exists here and not just downtown. The adjoining liquor store has some great beer and wine prices too.If you dare, I guarantee a good dang time at rock bottom prices. Don't be a puss, get away from the usual Vegas bs and take a walk on the wild side.
5	**This review is for the attached convenience store only**I first noticed this place while looking out our hotel room window at Bally's.  We were wondering the strip one night near Bill's Casino and were looking to get a drink. However, we all wanted to take a break from gambling and were unwilling to pay $8 for a drink from one of the other casino bars.  Solution: The Stage Door Mini-mart!This place has everything you would expect from a legit gas station convenience store...munchies, bottled drinks, energy drinks, magazines, advil, etc etc, as well as beer and liquor (I don't remember seeing wine, but I'm sure they have it).  I grabbed a pint of cheap vodka and a single can of ginger ale for $6...awesome!  Luckily we had held on to our cups from our last drink, so we were back in business and headed back to the strip (about a 1.5 minute walk).For what it's worth, the bar/casino part of this establishment was dark and smoky with a fair number of middle aged to older men.  If you were trying to take a break from the glitz that is Vegas, I'd say this would be an ideal spot.
5	This shithole is amazing.
5	The are certain things that are expected when you walk into a dive bar.1. The bathroom will be disgusting2. You will leave smelling like an ashtray was dumped on you3. You will come across people that could easily pass as bums4. Cheap drinks5.  Bartenders with big boobs (or moobs)6. There will be something sticky on the barStage Door has all this, except for the bartenders with moobs, and some of the best hot dogs in town. It is a small place with two bars and a cast of all-female bartenders. The crowds are a mix of locals who have just gotten off work and tourists who have gotten lost and noticed the $1 Bud sign outside. This place is a shithole, but its a lovable shithole.
5	Stage Door! I am sooo glad I found YOU! Was introduced to this place, almost a year ago and I still talk about the whiskey and coke for $1.50 and the Nations Hotdogs. I cant wait to visit you in July!
5	TRULY a hidden gem. $1 beers and $2 well drinks all day everyday, with $3 delicious foods? I wish I could just put down a sleeping bag and live at this place! Bartenders are cool, there's video poker right on the bar, and there's even a mini Mart in the back to stock up before you head back to your room! In short: this place is a must.
4	Review for liquor store only!This is the place to get your in room refreshments if you're staying in the Flamingo, Bill's or Bally's. The prices were pretty decent, in addition they had a pretty good selection of high end liquors and beer. The wine selection was a little small, but still pretty good in my opinion.The clerks were super nice and helpful making suggestions for a bourbon for us when were deciding at the cash on what to purchase.A lot of hotels now have liquor stores in house. Forgot that, this is the way to go to save a few bucks. On my next visit, provided I stay at the Flamingo again, this will be my first stop after dropping my luggage in the room.
5	This place can't be beat for its location and value! Say "hi" to Mamasan!
5	When it comes to dive bars.... this place has got it right!!! Cheap drinks (almost free for vegas standards), cheap food, funny staff, juke box... Although the handover was desastrous, we would have saved a ton if we'd found out about this place earlier... $1.50 well shots, $1 beer, $2 beer and a shot, $2.5 beer and a hot dog.... what else do you need.If you're getting ready to hit the town in Vegas and are look for a cheap spot to start the night, this is a must go destination. No bling here! Just cheap drinks and good service to get you started for the night.... bewarned... cheap drinks can lead to over consumption... :)
4	This is the place to start your day or use as a meeting place.  Michelob Light bottles for a buck, and Nathan's hot dogs for $1.50.  Giant (almost 3 in a normal bar) Patron shots are only $5.  I love this place.
5	If you are looking for a proper dive bar located close to the strip, one that it legitimately populated primarily by locals, then look no further. Stage Door is nice and dark and old skool, plenty of good cigarette smoke in the air, and the drinks are unreal strong and VERY cheap. They have video poker on the bar top, too. So kick back, play a little video poker, smoke a cig or two, and get proper FADED on the cheap.
5	cheap and friendly..:)
5	A dive bar yeah, cheap prices?  Absolutely , a Bud and a Nathan's hot dog for 2.50 inc. tax. Ain't no other place that I've ever been that has that kind of deal. Plus attached convince store has 16oz coffee for 1.08 inc. tax!
5	Was in Vegas for a week in October and went here 4 times for cheep drinks good laughs and met a lot of easygoing friendly people not to mention the awesome funny and did I mention awesome waitresses that dress sexy make you laugh and feed you cheep drinks and eats I absolutely loved this place and wish it was in my home town of Vancouver BC when in Vegas again will definitely be back to the best bar and I'm not just talking about dive bars I mean the best bar I've been to if you like cheep drinks good laughs and meeting new people you'll love the Stage Door
5	If you have ever read my reviews you know I love a good dive bar. What makes a dive bar? The atmosphere. The people. The price of the drinks in relation to the pour.  The personality and skills of the bartender.  Just to name a few.  Before I get to the prices I have to say that Ashley made our experience one that assures we will be back. She was friendly, attentive and fun. Prices you ask? The lowest I found! Michelob bottles for a dollar? Corona for $3, Jack for $4, no drink here is over $5.00! How about a 1/4 lb hot dog and a Bud Light for $2.50 or a Pabst bottle with a shot of Barton whiskey for $2..00?? Did I mention you can gamble the whole time too?!?
4	Here for drinks about 4:30 pm on Tue/11 Dec: Dirt cheap drinks, great locale, ghetto place.- $1.50 for cranberry & vodka well-drink- $2 for bottles of Bud/Light (and I think Michelob Ultra...)- $2.50 for a hot dog & Bud/Light.- $2 (I think) for a PBR and shot of off-brand whiskey (?; forgot which brown liquor it was)- Until 29 Dec (promo for the NFR, National Finals Rodeo) $2 for a shot of Jack Daniels or a Jack & Coke.- I had a 5:30 reservation at Caesars Palace so I walked over to Stage Door for pre-dinner drinks.  Easy walk, it's located on Flamingo Rd at Audrie St. between Bill's Gamblin' Hall & the Westin Hotel.- All the seats are at a slot machine or digital poker/blackjack machine (I prefer a regular bar counter seat so I have more elbow room).   Almost every seat was taken, at 4:30 on a Tues.  - The female bartender who made my 3 Jack & Cokes was pretty friendly.
4	Love this place. If you're looking for some CHEAP drinks to get your buzz on, this place is a must. It's a dive bar for sure that doesn't fit in with the other large (and overpriced) casinos that are next to it but that's what makes it great. The drinks are dirt cheap, the food is good, and the scenery (i.e. the female bartenders) is very nice. Stop by this place before you hit the town, You won't be disappointed.
5	This bar and small casino is Awesome! Cheap drinks and loose machines! I won a 1750.00 Jackpot after only three hits into my five bucks that I put into the machine!The female bartender "Mamasan" rocks with a great personality and great service, she love you long time!!We will be back again for sure for super tasty drinks and gambling! Oh yeah and they have great juicy and fat all beef wieners! Yum!Thank you Stage Door for making our Christmas extra special in winning a video keno Jackpot!
4	Not the classiest joint in town but $1.50 well drinks and the best people watching around. They recently pulled all of the gangster rap out of the juke box so the late night crowd is not so scary. I still wouldn't bring grandma after 10pm
5	5 Stars all day!!  I don't know what the hell I was thinking before.  I've found myself here three times in the last two weeks and I just know that trend isn't going to slow, let me provide 6 reasons why:1. $2 Buds, Bud lights, and Coors Lights2. $1 Mich Ultras, Michelobs, and Mich Lights3. $3 Alaskan Amber and Johnsonville brat deals4. $2 PBR and Barton Reserve deals5. Let's get the party started $2 Jaegers, $3 Crowns, and $4 Patrons  (you can even bump that Jaeger shot to bomb form for free!!, Booya!!)6 Extensive $3 bar food menu, hell yeah!  Git cho grub on fool!!There is simply no cheaper place in Vegas to pregame or postwork.
1	You want a dive bar?  This is definitely a dive bar specializing in cheap drinks and second hand smoke.The first time I came here I thought "OK- this is a nice old school Vegas experience"  but the next time I started to notice some of the same things:- Creepy people always try and talk to you here- Your clothes will STENCH of smoke- Do they ever clean any of the surfaces?  Seriously a wet rag would go a long way.Yes they have cheap drinks and dollar hot dogs, but I know another place that has that too... Costco.  And the only people who talk to you there might be a soccer mom in line asking what aisle you found the giant bad of dried mango.
5	A Vacation Kitty Favorite! 5 stars! By far one of our favorite dive bars in the world. Close yet far enough from the noisy touristy strip. Bartender service is one of the best in the industry. They remember us each time we visit (which is on average every 6 months). Very low costing drinks. Any lower, they'd be free. Awesome Cheap food so you wont go hungry after donating all your cash to those slots on the strip. Fantastic hot dogs. Clientele is shady looking and weird, yet friendly & harmless. So chat away with "those folks you only find in Vegas". In life, you can never have too many crazy friends on your side anyway. If you like your booze and junk food, you MUST stop in next time you're in town. You won't be disappointed!
5	Man this was my kind of place! Our cab driver told us about this place on the way to a casino. He promised us that the 4 of us could get good and wasted on $40! And he was right! The place looked a little seedy to some of our group when walking up but we decided it was time for a change from the expensive drinks on the strip. We walked in and the friendly girl bartender started shouting at us to buy some jager shots right off the bat ( I seem to recall them being $2 at the time). We decided to go for some well drinks instead ($1.50). Looking around there were many other great deals - some even came with a hotdog or a bratwurst! The patrons were friendly and upon discovering that we were from AZ immediately wanted to talk us up about the ongoing Jodi Arias trial. This was a fun place and we will check it out again next time we are in Vegas!
4	So my boyfriend and I come here alllll the time. It is a little hole in the wall but a hidden jem. I am a total dive bar girl and love love that it is right off the strip! We are pretty new to the Las Vegas area and I was nervous to go in at first but drove by many times and was wanting to check it out. I just didnt want to walk in and there be only regulars...it wasn't like that at all like that considering it is soo close to the strip..duh Crystal! So $1 beers is where I will start..helll yes! They have some cheap bar food too, I have only tried the dogs... you get a hot dog and Bud for $2.50, we go for the brat and Amber for $3.00. $3.00 shots of Crown is just flat out awesome, I am not into Patron but they do shots for $4 and I know that is a steal! We are talking real shots too, not half a shot. All the lady bartenders are great and the bouncers are really nice and keep all the creeps away if need-be. Have the brunett bartender make you a vegas bomb she her style...holy YUM and STIFF...thats my kind of fruity shot! The ONLY reason I give it 4 stars instead of  5 is because there is no small dancing area to dance to their great music pumping out of the junk box...My friend was dancing around and was told to stop so that is lame but I do understand it is not a place for dancing too. Anyways you should definitley check it out! We take all our friends that come into town there for pre-gaming before going out..you just cant go wrong.
5	We happened to stop at the attached liquor store for directions and noticed the bar.  We loved it!!   Best prices,, best dive bar I've been too. Bartenders are awesome. People are friendly.  We stopped in this place everyday of our stay and it was the last place we stopped before getting on the plane to NY.   Best hotdogs and brats in town.
3	I'm hammered and it cost less than 20 bucks.....including the 50 cent bratwurst. Strong drinks excellent jukebox and the UFC on the TV. Doesn't get much better than this local hidden gem
5	Hands down one of my favorite places to stop in on the strip. Everything is so cheap, no-nonsense, no attitude kind of place.  The first time I went here was when my buddy and I were hopping into every place we found on our first trip to Vegas. I've been coming back ever since.The sign drawing you in reads "$2 jager, $3 crown, $4 patron". A nice change from a lot of the other Vegas cars that would be $10, $14 and $16 for those same drinks with the attitude either stirred in or on the side. The deals seem to change regularly but most recently it was $2.50 for an Alaskan Amber lager and a hot dog. This is a Vegas Must-Do!
4	A girlfriend and I were looking for somewhere not clubby, and not playing booming mashed up Top 40. We were looking for a dive bar with cheap drinks, with locals as opposed to tourists...a place to just sit and talk.Ta-Da! This place is just across from Bally's. It's central to all of the activities on the strip, but about 1/8th of the price. For a Kettle/soda and a rum and Coke - $6 - total! The jukebox has a great selection...I played a few Black Keys songs, and one guy came up to me to ask who it was so he could play it later at home. This man's life has permanently changed for the better. And so has mine, now that I have a go to spot in Vegas that serves $3 cocktails!(Not that I'm in Vegas all that much, but still)
5	I love this bar and I am a regular! Friendly service....cheap drinks...and their bratwurst is awesome! A must go to bar!
5	Great dive
4	This is the place to start your day or use as a meeting place.  Michelob Light bottles for a buck, and Nathan's hot dogs for $1.50.  Giant (almost 3 in a normal bar) Patron shots are only $5.  I love this place.Went back again this year for Labor Day weekend.  We call this place Headquarters.  We come here to get a buzz on and plan the day.  We always start and end the day here.  Hot dogs are great, beer is cheap, and bartenders are friendly and good to look at.  They definitely can use some better smoke ventilation, though.
3	Cheapest drinks in Vegas.Its a little run down, and sometimes I worry about what some of the substances are in the bathroom... but...If you're looking for cheap drinks, and a great hot dog and beer deal, come here.  Bar staff is friendly, and very cool.  We always come here to pre-drink. :D
5	UGH, this place was so awesome and I wish there was one just like it in my city. Bartenders: amazing, super nice and even understanding when my friend had a bit too much to drink. We couldn't help it; the drinks here are crazy cheap. I was so used to paying up the ass when I was walking around the rest of the strip, and then this place came up and it was a drinking oasis. A beer, a shot of jager, and a whiskey coke for 7 bucks? I can't even find that deal in the diviest of dives in Seattle! If I'm ever in Vegas again, this will be my joint. LOVE this place.
5	this is my favorite place to drink in all of las vegas. The crowd can get a bit much on the weekend, but what do you expect from a place with drink prices this cheap!?!?!?!?
4	Cheap, dive bar on the strip!!! Warning: do not come if you're opposed to over-imbibing, prostitutes or smoky, stinky air. That said, we had a great time the first night. Bartender was friendly and amusing. Women's restroom was fairly clean for a dive bar. Husband said the men's restroom was not, but his solution was to not spend too much time in there. We met some funny locals and enjoyed ourselves.Second night the air was just too warm and yucky so sadly, we did not stay. We will be back again though.
5	If you're on the strip and looking for a Real Bar, this is definitely it. Prices are great, employees are super nice, clientele is friendly. Bathrooms are surprisingly not that bad. With construction, getting there is a little inconvenient, but totes worth it. Could not recommend more.
5	friendly bartenders esp Brittany (sp?)friendly peoplecheap boozegets you drunkwhat else can u ask??
5	A las Vegas gem!  This place has been here a long time, and has a lot of history to it. The reason it has withstand the test of time, in ever changing las Vegas can be summed up in this statement "Its Just awesome." The cheapest drinks anywhere $2 beers, $3-4 mixed drinks. And Get the hot dogs, you have not truly experienced this place until you have had one. The service here is great...smiling, friendly, and fast bar tenders. This is a locals bar, but they treat everyone here like a local. I always meet cool people here. This is a dive bar in its most purest form.
5	What a magnificent dive bar!  It's DIVE-ine! I can't even believe something this amazing actually exists on the Las Vegas strip! We came here after spending all day at a major casino trying to find a cocktail waitress or get someones attention. All of our day and all of our money went to the strip and we were still stone cold sober. I checked Yelp trying to find a way to salvage the night and the Stage Door was it! Drinks were so cheap I kept waiting for someone to try selling us a timeshare, but this place is FOR REAL, you guys. Yes, it stinks like smoke. And yes there are some questionable people hanging around in there, but there comes a time in life where you really have to decide if you would prefer to be treated badly at some classy joint, or treated awesomely in a smokey dive. At the very least this is a great place to pre-game for strip activities. Anyway, if you're too classy for people who wear jeans and smoke then feel free to continue paying $27 for a drink on the strip.
5	This place gets 5 stars not because it's the fanciest...not because it's the hippest place to be...it gets 5 stars because it doesn't try to be anything it isn't.  It's a dive bar w/ cheap drinks!  You'll see casino workers from nearby (Ballys, Flamingo, Quad, Harrah's) getting their cheap after work drink on!  My favorite bar tender is Mama-son!  She's hillarious and takes good care of us!If you're a priss and can't stand a little smoke - this is NOT the place for you.  I am a non-smoker, and I tend to leave my jacket in the car and change out of my clothes as soon as I get home...but hey - it's the price you pay for a $3 glass of wine or $2 shot/beer!
5	SO CHEAP.  Good hotdogs.
5	Had a great time.  Cheap drinks,  friendly people, and the #1 GILF in Vegas, Denise.  Will definitely be going back.  Websters must include a picture of the Stage Door in its definition of dive bars!
5	I love stage door, its always so chill in there and you just have a good time, cheap drinks, gaming, great grub and a great owner that will come say hi to you, old school vegas, right in the MIDDLE of the KAOS.  Thanks for a place to land and chill.  5 Star Divey goodness.  Enjoy.  Its fun, great crowds, great bartenders!
5	Michelob is so hard to find anywhere! But, the michelob n hot dawg combo = best thing ever
4	Holy Crap, this place is great!  Amazing deals.  I found this a great place to pass time in Vegas so that you don't spend all of your money.$3 1/4 lb all beef hot dog with a bottle of beer...NICE!Quarter video poker at the bar...NICE!  I am a fan of quarter games in Vegas.$4 shot of Patron, hell yeah!Only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because it's not what you come to Vegas for but it sure does supplement the experience!
5	For the dive bar fan, it doesn't get much better than Stage Door. With sketchy surroundings, dirt cheap drinks, a bartender nicknamed Mama-san and a deplorable bathroom, it has all the elements of a damn good time. The food, while so darn shady to order, isn't the worst, especially when you just need something to coat the stomach before another round of shots. While the area used to be great for landing cheap drinks (next to the old Bill's), it's now one of the few places to really get smashed on a 20 spot. Love it. Find it. Do it. (Just leave me a seat please).  Protip: Bud and a hot dog $3. Please turn your head when you belch.
4	When I was a kid my parents would drag me to Vegas every few months. On these trips we would always stay at Bally's, where I was free to roam the hotel, wander the bottom level (where the arcade was), and I'd often look out the side doors of the building at a small bar advertising cheap drinks and hot dogs... I always wanted to go. Well, my parents no longer drag me to Vegas (I now go willingly), I don't stay at Bally's but I do still wander - this time it's from bar to bar, or casino to casino, not arcades. Enter Stage Door, the small bar across the street from Bally's, which is still serving cheap drinks and hot dogs after all of these years. Finally my chance to try it!No frills, folks. It's total dive bar status here and you can feel the local blood pumping thought the smoke filled room, which is about the size of a cocktail lounge in one of the large hotels towering overhead. It really feels like you are in downtown Vegas when in Stage Door, and it has managed to capture and bottle some of the grit and grime that the strip (or just off the strip) now lacks - just one block away it's light bulbs galore and expensive cocktails. Go ahead, tell me where else are you able to grab a hot dog and a Budweiser for $3.00 anymore? Okay, there are a few places but not nearly as central, cultured or memory filled as Stage Door for me.There may be puke in the urinal and the bartender may cook up some of the worst chicken wings you've ever tasted, but hey, you have to love places like this. The Cosmo can keep their $12.00 vodka cocktails and fancy attire, for that price I'm four hotdogs and Budweisers deep while rockin' jorts and Chuck Taylor's here. Doesn't sound like your kind of place? No worries, they don't want you here anyway...
4	Great dive just off the strip. Drink cheap and enjoy cheap food belly filling food. The only thing I can complain about is some of the local scum you'll see trolling through here. Security is good so I felt safe
5	Well, i will let you read the other reviews for the ridiculously cheap drink prices.  What i want to tell you about are the magic chicken fingers.  These powerful chicken fingers could very well be the difference between spending the night on the bathroom floor and having a perfectly lovely night's sleep in your comfy bed.  I agree with the other people when they say to start your night off here.  What they don't tell you is to bring your totally drunk ass back here at the end of the night, have one more $2 drink and some magic chicken fingers and you'll be right as rain.
5	Real people. Real bar. Real inexpensive. Real gem. My new go-to when in Vegas. Period! Mammasan works friendly and hard. Tip her fat!!!
4	Stopped out to Stage Door the other night, and had a blast!Service was outstanding, enough to earn an additional star.Brittany, the bar tender we had, is awesome.  Every time I've been in and she's been working, she's smiling.  I don't think I've ever not seen her smile.$4 shots of patron?  YES PLEASE.  The glass was salted, with a lime.  Delicious!Great Job Stage Door! :)
5	Best dive bar on the strip. The service is friendly,  they sell cheap cigarettes and you can get a shock top and a hot dog for 3.50.
4	Just one block east of the Las Vegas Strip sits this interesting little spot, awaiting those who want to escape the bright lights, expensive prices and tourists of the casino bars. If you want to classify it as a dive bar, you're pretty much on point, a welcome rarity in this neck of the woods.Stage door is actually attached to a small, corner convenience store where you get your pick of either a short bar in the front or a large rectangle bar to grab a stool, play some video poker/keno/blackjack and enjoy one dollar Michelob Ultra bottles and one dollar hot dogs.Yep, no frills, no thrills, which is obviously why it's a popular locals hangout. It was certainly a welcome break from the typical craziness, glitz and glamour this town attempts to push 24/7. Plus, I didn't get sick (Yay), so that itself was a huge plus! Lastly, having the ability to pay your entire bill in singles is an extreme rarity you probably won't find anywhere else around here. Very nice!
5	Exactly what I expected it to be. A hodgepodge of weirdos ready to accept you and your shenanigans. It was our bartenders first day and she handled it like a pro.The drinks where cheap and kept coming. The chicken fingers were surprisingly good. Crispy and soft and flaky at the same time. The frozen Ziploc of fingers threw me off for a min but this place isn't known for the eats. The ladies room also surprisingly clean. I managed to not leave my mark even after 4 gin/tonics and 3 beers.Right before we left we exited threw the convenience store side and purchased 2 cokes and a fifth of Jack to take to the streets! It gets no better. The staff and regulars were awesome. Dont skip this place. Make it your pre party of after party spot for good drinks at a normal price.
5	Best dive bar ever By Far...can't get a better deal on or off the strip! Try the beer n hot dog special, or a apple cider with a fireball shot aka hot woody lol
5	There's a soft spot in my heart for dive bars and Stage Door gets me right in the feels. What can say about a bar that smells like it's been in Vegas since Bugsy Siegel starting running things. Oh yes...the smell, it's like a kick in the face with a golf shoe. The years of booze and cigarettes just permeates the wood grain bar, it's really quite remarkable how strong this odor is, but weirdly enough you get use to it pretty quickly. Some of my favorite things about Stage Door, besides the odor and that there's two bars in one building, is the random stuff. My favorite is the "No Weapons Allowed" sign, there's only a few of these, but it's still a conversation started. What's that you say....you forgot those very important party items? Well you're in luck because there's a connivence/ liquor store attached to the bar. Now get your gum, condoms, and those mini-bottles of liquor to sneak into "da club". You always have to be prepared! Thirsty? Good because this is the best place to start the party before hitting the Strip; $2 Jager shots, $3 Crown shots, $4 Patron shots, and if you're hungry after all that cheap boozy goodness, try the Budweiser & hot dog combo for only $3! Before you ask...yes, I have tried this and yes, it was delightful. It taste like a Costco hot dog and they provide plenty of fixings adorned nicely on the bar. This might be the divest place I been to so far in Las Vegas, but it's honestly one of my favorites. Where else can you drink in Vegas with a large group and only spend $20 a person? Like I said earlier, awesome starting point before you and you're crew try to dominate the strip, which by the way is within walking distance.PRO TIP:- Its a cash bar only. They have an ATM, but they charge $4 per transaction.- Come on the weekdays if possible,  the weekends can be very busy.- When you get there ask for Mama San. Trust me, she'll love you long time!
5	We love Stage Door, it isn't the prettiest place but the drinks are cheap, we always have so much fun. We go there every day when we are in Vegas. Sarah, the small bar bartender is super fun. My Husband and I just can't even imagine Vegas without the bar.He loves the hotdogs and beer or $3. It is his nightcap every night we are there.I just love Whiskey and Beer... every visit we leave happy customersThank You Stage Door / Sarah for always being there for us :)
5	People say Vegas is all fake. They haven't been to Stage Door. This spot is a stone's throw from the Disney-fied, all-nonsense Strip, but offers a very local, no-nonsense drinking experience. It's dirty. It's dive-y. It's smoky. And it's drunk. With $2 wells and $3 Jaeger shots, it's no wonder that locals getting off from their soul-crushing jobs dealing with tourists all day come here to unwind. And those tourists in the know, who may be sick of paying $14 for a Jameson in the casino bar a half a block away can come here too. Breathe in the foul stench of yesteryear - a heady mix of cigarette smoke, ETOH, old hotdogs and despair. If there's a smokeeter in here, it's overworked. The lady at the bar, Mama San, is all smiles. The locals getting shit-housed off the cheap booze are friendly. And you can easily while away a lot of time getting hammered without hammering your wallet. Frankly I'd take this experience any day over most of what else is offered on the legendary street a half-block away. For where it is and what it is, Stage Door is a five-star dive, IMHO.
5	This place is awesome!  Great prices, right behind the strip and it's really everything you need!  The Italian restaurant hooked it it always has intrigued me too!  They are gonna be here for awhile, like 20 more years or so and they represent standing up against big corp!  Keep on keeping on with your lease Stage Door, I'll be sad to see you leave once it's all said and done.  You have been my first drink stop in Vegas for about a decade so far!  Great memories!
5	This is my favourite bar in Vegas. Super drunk drinks: $1 beers. $3.50 for hard cider and a shot! Limited menu but the atmosphere is awesome. Everyone is friendly. No snobs.
5	Well...I'm a tour leader and i'm at least some 10 times a year in Vegas, taking people to Casinos, famous brand shops, outlets, casinos again, pawn shops and all that Vegas thing..and you can indeed get tired of fancy casino bars and their prices.So there was I on my last night of my last trip of the year to Vegas, driving by Bally's, i saw the Stage Door. I had read about the place before and having some few bucks on my wallet and desperate for a beer, decided to pull over and check the place out. Couldn't be more satisfied.It's a little dirty, a little smelly, the hot dog was a little greasy, but what a relief. It was like finind an oasis in the middle of the broad desert.Locals of all kinds and off the beaten patch tourists, surprinsingly good music playing, dirty cheap booze. I went for one beer and hotdog and ended up having a way more than that.
4	My friends and I were in Las Vegas for an education conference, staying at the Venetian, and I was immediately appalled at the drink and food prices at the resort.  I came on yelp to look for a dive type bar and found The Stage Door.  It wasn't far from the hotel, but because of the rain, we took a cab there. It was a very short drive. The Stage Door is connected to a local liquor store and it definitely is a dive type bar.  But this is what we wanted! It's smokey, kind of dirty, but the food and drinks are cheap! And good! My cocktail was delicious and strong. The food was tasty and only $4.  All the food items are $4.  The bartender was wonderful.  She was friendly, easy to talk to, and just so hospitable.  There are the computer gambling machine things and that's about it with regards to "things to do."  Everyone was very friendly including the bouncer and the locals.  They don't take debit/credit cards so I did have to withdraw cash from the ATM with a $4 fee.  But who cares? I just saved at least $25 bucks by not purchasing food and drinks at the resort.The seating is all bar seating. There are two bars. One smaller and one larger.  There are no booths or any type of seating where you can face everyone that you're with.  So that was the only thing was trying to talk to everyone that I came with because we were sitting in a straight line at the bar. There's a juke box playing music and it's loud enough to enjoy, but not too loud where you can't converse. I will return though!  Thanks Stage Door for being awesome.
5	What more can you ask for....$1 michelob bottles all day TV's everywhereDive bar atmosphere If you want to escape the glamour and glitz and overpriced booze of the strip come to this place u will not be disappointed!! As Toby Keith says I love this barrrrrrr!!!
5	Just what I needed on my last night in Vegas. Momma-San was a genius of deals and combos. Gamble if you want, or don't if nobody is waiting for your seat. Plenty of screens for sports. WIN!
4	Fun and cheap and filled with an amazingly diverse mix of people. It was actually quite busy when we went there. I am glad that I finally got to run through this Vegas establishment.
5	Best place off the strip to get a beer and a Dog. Are you tired of prices on the strip? Walk a block from the fountains of Bellagio and get your fix...CHEAP! Friendly bartenders and video poker. We stop every time we are in Vegas and feel at home
5	Love this Bar go M-W and Andrea will hook you up!!! My Henessy and Coke was 5.50 and Pierced Navel was 4.50!!! Can't beat those prices cause in the club those drinks will be about 13-15 bucks!!! And one of my gf said that their hotdogs are Bomb too!
