3	The Mad Greek will not wow you from the outside.  When you pull up you will undoubtedly think the place is going out of business.  However, they just opened up and the decor reminds you of an old diner.  I mean a really old diner.  Enough of the aesthetics.  The food is good.  I had the gyro sandwich with fries.  The gyro was STACKED with meat and the veggies were fresh.  I must also say the pita was fresh and hot.  The tzatki sauce was good.  I prefer a little more garlic in my sauce but this was good regardless.  My wife had the Philly Cheesteak and it was great.  Again, the decor is weird, the parking lot looks run down, but the food is good.  Try it - you will be surprised just as I was.
5	I've had a lot of Greek food in Charlotte and the surrounding area, and none of it has been good, until this place. Just the other day we gave Greek Isles one last try, and our meal was still only partially decent (we won't go back again). But then my fiance brought home some spanakopita, gyros, and a salad from The Mad Greek, and it was all terrific! Best spanakopita I've ever had- I can't stand dirty-tasting cooked spinach, and there isn't a bit of that taste in theirs! Not a ton of feta in it, but just enough nice sized chunks, along with a good garlic flavor. Even tasty the next day! The greek salad was perfect- feta was very tasty (huge feta fan, have had many, this one was great!), the dressing wasn't sweet (thankfully!), but it wasn't too tangy either. The boy said it was the best gyro he'd ever had. We will definitely be back again!
4	What used to be Hugo's diner and then changed hands a few times is now back to the original owner and he's serving up pretty awesome food at great prices.  Burgers, sandwiches, Greek standards and breakfast all day.  The gyro is one of the best I've tried in town because they actually cook it on a spit and shave it off when it gets crispy the way you're supposed to (instead of pan frying up frozen strips).  My gyro and fries came out piping hot.  Will definitely be back to try their Greek chicken and other dishes.An added bonus, they're open till 3am during the week and 4am on Fridays and Saturdays.
3	They are open until 3am! For the late night munchies, this is a great option. The fries are great (hot, crisy, yet soft in the middle) and the gyro was flavorful. The desserts looked good and sweet, I'll try one next time. They serve breakfast all day long...good to know.The inside definitely gives off a small diner feel. It's clean, the staff is attentive and nice, and all around a good late night pick.
3	I checked out the Mad Greek today.  We were on that side of town and it popped in my head, thanks Yelp!  I dont' know if I would drive and make a special trip, but if I was in the neighborhood I would eat there again.  In the light of day, it didn't seem so clean to me.  If you are the kind of person that looks at sanitation ratings, it might not be the place for you. I didn't see what their score was and I do not care, I will eat anywhere, but I know what people like when they think of a clean restaurant.On the upside, our server was pleasant, we ordered chicken sandwiches on pita.  It was served hot and was very filling.  It would be so much better for you to eat at the Mad Greek instead of fast food anyday.
4	Had the lamb chops and they were great. I would definitely stop here again if ever in the area.
4	The plethora of choices from this menu along w/ the accommodating late night hours are the two biggest reasons why I give this place four stars. Otherwise, I'd give it 3. The food is good, but doesn't cause me to dance or hum while eating it.The owner is really friendly and is well acquainted w/ his customers, as this place has been opened under different names for over 15 years. Its appearance is extremely modest, but it's far better than any late night chain restaurant.
4	Solid Greek food with a solid Greek atmosphere.  You know you're in the right spot when you see actual Greeks coming in to order the gyro's!  The tzatziki sauce was thick and tasty with just the right amount of tang for the lamb.  Some douche of customer took off without paying, but the owner and the waitress maintained their calm and professionalism.  I admire that, cuz I would have been a true "Mad Greek" had it been me getting shafted!  Good people, good food.Noosh!
3	Great gyros! When my husband and I are looking for some Greek food (and Greek Isles seems too far away) our second choice will always be The Mad Greek! My godfather is Greek (and also owns his own diner) and all the staff reminds me of them back where I grew up. Fabulous club sandwiches and burgers as well. They them out!
3	Solid diner food at 3 am. The gyros, pitas and breakfast items are all pretty good, with the exception of the bacon, which is pre-cooked and gross.
4	Just came back from my lunch at The Mad Greek, and let's just say I am loving the gyro.  I contemplated about saving half of it for later, but what do you know, I ate the whole darn thing.  Meaty, tasty, with just enough tzatziki sauce and lettace, tomato & onion, decent portion, along with fries that's lightly seasoned (hey... I give them credit for at least trying to make standard frozen fries more appealing... not saying that they succeeded).  The gyro is one of their daily lunch specials for $6.95, other options are: cheeseburger, chicken strips, grill chicken breast sandwich, kebab/chicken/souvlaki pita, all serves with french fries.Let me clarify that I'm mostly writing about the food because this is definitely a "dumpy" looking place, with minimum service, and in my opinion the menu is a little lacking and kinda pricey for a joint like this.  But for a quick lunch, it's solid and I'll be back to try the kebab pita.
4	I come here for the lunch special gyro, usually.  It's tasty and filled with plenty of gyro meat.  The Tzatziki is solid (as in good, not as in bricks) and the grilled pita is both fresh and a bit crunchy.  At $6.95 with a side of fries, it's one of the better deals in town.I've also had the cheese steak, which was pretty good but not the best in the city.  I want to try the souvlaki, but the gyro is so good that I can't pass it up!The waitress is the same every time, and she's as nice as can be.  This is a solid Greek-diner-like lunch joint.
3	Like others, I was on this side of town a quiet Sunday morning...you know, when almost nothing else is open in Charlotte unless you want to positively battle the church crowd?! I was also jonesin' for a gyro and The Mad Greek (previously Hugo's Diner) seemed to be a convenient choice. Inside, this place is definitely not much to look at. I doubt the booths or floors have been changed up since the late '80s and there was a sticky quality to the place. However, it's a diner. It's open until 4 am on the weekends, I half expected that. Service was very friendly from the (owner - I believe) slingin' Greek greens in the kitchen to our server. As with the decor, the menu is straightforward. It's also worth noting that they do serve breakfast all day - pancakes, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, waffles, etc. Since it was almost noon, I went with the classic gyro sandwich. A well made, soft but toasty pita filled with gyro meat, tzatizki, onions and tomato. I decided to forgo the fries and snag a greek salad for $1 more. The gyro was tasty, warm and just what I was looking for. The salad was fine but the Greek dressing wasn't my fave...even though I'm certain they make it in house. So, with good service, good food why not 4 stars? Well, others may disagree with me, but I found it a bit overpriced for what I received. The gyro, while tasty, wasn't giant like the others I've had. For example, Steak & Hoagie shop serves up a gyro for a bit over $4...here it's moderately sized and $7.95 (including fries). Hubs and I had two gyros, one with a side salad and one with a dinner salad and it cost us $27 with tip. That seems a bit steep for just a couple of gyros and salads. Regardless, if I was in the area and seeking a gyro, The Mad Greek would be a decent stop.
4	Am from NY, but every time I am in the area, my girlfriend and I make it a point to stop at the Mad Greek and visit Chris and his friendly crew, especially for a good home cookin' breakfast.Granted the place is a little rough around the edges, but I always enjoy the marinated chicken and/or ribeye with eggs.  They have solid home fries as well.This may sound basic, but the piece de resistance of the Mad Greek is the fresh squeezed orange juice that they crank out, it's fantastic!  Best OJ this side of South Florida, stuff is like orange flavored crack in a glass!And, if you like Greek football (aka soccer), it's on 24/7 - was there during the World Cup last year and had a blast watching it with the staff while enjoying my meal, good people.
3	Mad Greek has been a couple of things, including what my wife called "The Best Waffle in the Queen City." I don't know if they do waffles any more, but they do have a good selection of short order food with a Greek focus. My eye was drawn to the gyro platter and so that's what I went with.Good service - the waitress was attentive and took my order and refilled my glass without needing any prompting. Unobtrusive but attentive.Check out the picture. The gyro dinner a good pile of slice lamb meat (I assume from the spit) that had been grilled again. A sliced pita on the side. And a huge pile of tossed salad with Italian dressing, feta cheese and some olives which make it a Greek salad, I suppose. And some nice crunchy fries on a separate plate.I left stuffed for $12 which I think is a pretty good deal for an "out of the box" dinner.
4	Having lived in a city with the largest Greek population in North America (Toronto), my wife and I feel that The Mad Greek Cafe is Charlotte's BEST Greek restaurant. Period! We live very close by, and South Boulevard is FULL of non-descript Greek places (Skyland, Greystone, Light Rail, etc.). However, all pale in comparison to owner Chris's tasty and authentic Greek food. Take his Gyros, for example. He toasts his Pita's with butter and then serves them to you hot. Oh so tasty!We took my VERY fussy Mother-in-Law here and she said that her Pork Souvalaki was THE BEST she's ever had! And THAT is a compliment, because she is surrounded by Greek food in her Montreal neighborhood.Yes, this is NOT a "romantic" place. It does look a little worn down from both the inside and outside. But, it's the FOOD that is the star here! Ask Chris what his daily special is, and order it. He usually makes a whole-roasted Greek Chicken with potatoes, and that is EXCELLENT!If you want excellent Greek food at a very affordable price, check this place out!
3	The food reminds me of all the Greek Diners I used to frequent when I lived in CT.  Its a great place to grab a quick lunch.  My only complaint is that everytime I try to order a Koobideh kabab they never have any prepared.The staff is hilarious, especially the cook (maybe even the owner?), who yells in greek from the kitchen.
3	This is a colorful place.  The Gyro is the best!  The atmosphere is a TV playing Directv's greek channel very loud and old greek men playing dominos.  The restaurant is a dive; but, the food is always good.
5	What a good find! Really authentic Greek food. I had never been there before and the cook came out and gave me suggestions, showed me how things were cooked and even gave me a delicious dessert for free because I had never tried it. Will definitely be back!
3	The Mad Greek is a good place to get a Gyro, though not the best I've ever had. The pita was a little hard, but the meat was good and the cucumber sauce tasty! Definitely not much to look at and 50/50 if you stick to the booth when you sit down. Extensive menu and they're open to 4am on a Fri/Sat. They also serve breakfast all-day and the staff is friendly, especially the guy in the window cooking up a storm..
4	I am only giving this place 4 stars because I seen a roach crawling on the wall by the cups that they use for folks who dine in and the restroom is absolutely creepy. Other than that I have nothing bad to say about "The Mad Greek". I have been eating here since it was "Hugo's " a few years back. I have tried Souvlaki dinners at many Greek establishments, but this is by far the very best. The same cook is there every time that I have eaten there over the course of 11 years. The food is consistent and that speaks volumes! I have let too many people in on this great diner, because I wanted to expose them to some food could be served in Greece lol. If you can get past the pest (which you can if you eat at any fast food restaurant) and potty before you go, you are sure to have a new favorite spot. Happy eating!
3	Summing this up in a few words: a slightly better Waffle House. I haven't tried the Greek stuff yet, so that might elevate the rating - I've gone with the burger and hashbrowns both times I've been. The staff service can best be described as interesting.
5	The best restaurant! The food was fresh and delicious, service was friendly, warm, excellent and the chef recommended his freshly made dishes which we quickly chose. We ate to our hearts content and then chose homemade desserts to eat later because we simply could not eat another bite.  Do not let the look of the outside of the building make your decision for you.  It is a diamond in the rough.
3	One of the best gyros I've ever had! This place looks mad shady from the outside. But after many friends referring me to this place I finally gave in. So know I'm convinced its scetch but will still come for the gyros! Lol! It was a little pricey but all was homemade, yummy!
1	Tried to go October 10, 2012. Appears closed. Maybe renovating but not open.
3	This place has delicious food, but is a run down dirty old diner.   Last time we were there, probably 6 months ago, there was literally an old french fry or something resembling it hiding near the wall under our booth.  The ceilings are funky and maybe next time I'll just get my meal to go.  If you don't care about ambiance, give it a shot though, the food is really good.
4	After years of searching and having to settle for mediocre Greek food,  I have finally found an amazing gyro in town. First, they actually have a spit here where they roast the meat and slice it off. Secondly, the pita is toasted on the grill and thirdly, holy moly, they pack the gyro meat into that pita. Top it all off with lettuce, tomato, onion and their (sour creme based, not my preference but still very good) tatziki sauce. FINALLY finally, a gyro worth mentioning. Fries are great as well. They are fresh cut and appear to be  tossed with some lemon and herbs. Also, delicious. As for the ascetics of the place...it's a Greek diner. Nothing fancy and it doesn't need to be. Its good food at an affordable price, served by a friendly staff. I have not tried any thing else on the menu yet, but based on how good  the gyro is i bet other options wont disappoint. Hopefully, i will get around to it once my love affair with the gyro tapers off.
4	Disclaimer:  This review is based solely on their amazing gyros.  I'm sure they have excellent other choices on their menu, but I feel like I'll be ordering their gyros every time I go there.  I've had a hard time finding gyros that I really like in Charlotte, but theirs blows away any I've had any where.  The portions on the gyro dinner were huge too,  we both left with plenty of left overs.  Now if they would just install a drive through, and stay open till one in the morning.
4	Dear Mad Greek,Where have you been during my time in Charlotte?  Why did I pass by you a number of times in my first three years without ever stopping by to bear witness to your gyros?  How did I live so long without experiencing your delicious, greasy gyros, scrumptious Greek salad, and surprisingly decent french fries?I suppose part of the thing the issue is that your building, while somewhat eye-catching with the white and blue paint, looks pretty small and is located in a slightly run-down area of town.  However, I love the bright colors and simple decor you have going on inside.  Every time I've been, the staff people working have been friendly and helpful too.Your gyros are definitely where it's at here.  For less than $10, you offer a tasty and good-sized gyro sandwich, with the most amazing tzatziki my mouth has ever tasted, and a generous portion of seasoned french fries.  I love that for a couple of dollars more you can upgrade to a gyro dinner, which has enough meat for two gyros, plus a Greek side salad and fries.  Your Greek salad has plenty of great things, with lots of feta cheese, Greek peppers, delicious Greek dressing, and Kalamata olives (which are not pitted, but still good).I am sad I never stopped sooner.  But now that I've found you, I won't ever let you go.  I love your cheap prices, delicious food, and convenient location to my work.Sincerely,Ana O.
4	Drove by the Mad Greek one Sunday about lunch time while running errands and figured, 'why not?' Pulled up some Yelp reviews while we ran a few last errands and read about their fantastic gyros..we were in. The place doesn't look like much from the outside...or really the inside, but it's the food you're here for. We ordered two gyro sandwich platters and were thrilled with the results. The meat was perfectly seasoned and tender, the tzitziki sauce was super garlicky and thick, and the lettuce, tomato and onion were fresh and crunch. The pita was also delicious and soft, but held up against the sandwich fillings and that makes a big difference. We left with very happy bellies and will return.
5	We had gyro dinner and it was awesome!For $10 you get a lot if meat, pita bread, salad, greek sauce,and homemade fries.We had baklava as well and it tasted great!The place doesnt look really nice but the food is great!
3	Very good gyro and fry lunch special.
3	The fly swatting by the guy behind the counter threw me off a little but good http.
5	The Mad Greek finally finished their renovations, and the place is 1000% IMPROVED! Food is still delicious, and prices extremely reasonable for what you get. I'm giving it 5 STARS because the owner Chris took the time and effort to turn his formerly dumpy restaurant into a MUCH improved, more modern diner.I STILL think this is THE best Greek food in Charlotte, just nudging out The Greek Isles (which is excellent as well and more fancy).
4	This place is kind of an ugly dump inside and pretty weird environment so I wouldn't eat inside. However, it is great for carryout, which I sometimes get at work. The gyros are pretty good and good for the price. It is definitely adequate enough to satisfy my gyro cravings whenever I am having one. I am excited to see the renovations finished. If you want a gyro check it out. You won't be disappointed. The only place better around is Greek Isles.
2	Let me start off by saying that the food was great. I would have gave it 4 stars, however the service was very lacking. I would have given that a 0 starts if possible. We placed our order and received our food and never saw our waitress again. We sat their with empty glasses, empty plates, and luckily we weren't in a hurry. It took her 30 minutes after we had finished to realize that we were still there and waiting for a check. I would go back for the food, but I would try to make sure we didn't get the same service again.
2	It's a restaurant that has been around for awhile. I went for lunch with my friend (after leaving another restaurant down the road earlier that never sent a server to our table),  and the service was fine here. Someone greeted us and was pleasant, took our order and came back to check on us. So, I had no problem with service, but the food was just not good, except for the pita bread which was hot and delicious. The fries were cold when they were brought out, my dish was okay and the baklava was soggy. The tzatziki was good, but there wasn't much of it and they wanted to charge extra for another small condiment container of it. The lettuce in the greek salad was a little limp. The tea was bitter as if it had been sitting out too long. With drinks, a piece of baklava and two lunches, we ended up paying $32 for lunch (without the tip). We both got lunch specials.  I don't really consider that "cheap" and it looked as if they had raised their prices a bit since the higher prices were stuck down over the old prices on the menu. This was nothing special. I probably wouldn't go back.
5	I'd heard that, when visiting Charlotte, The Mad Greek was a place you had to visit. I did and...WOW! After years of subpar Greek-like restaurants, I finally had the real thing! My husband had the gyro (which I sampled -- to die for!) and I had the Kabob. The Greek salad that started my meal was authentic and deliciously fresh. The Kabob was, again, real Greek cooking (two lamb slabs with sauteed onion and tomato) the freshest and most tasty pitas I've ever eaten and the fries that accompanied it all were home-made, hot and delicious. The baklava is primo and the custard dessert we sampled made me want to cry out, "OPA!" The next time I'm in Charlotte, you can bet I'll be dining at The Mad Greek. Over and over again. Tremendously recommended!
5	Wow wow wow !I'm a bit backwards and my wife talked me in to eating here. It is amazing. The food is fantastic and the service is good. Very nice atmosphere with a friendly staff too.
4	The Mad Greek is everything I want in a Greek restaurant: interesting personnel, questionable decorating choices, no frills and great food. The first time we ate here, we were the only patrons in the place -  I was definitely worried. The same thing happened the next time. And the time after that.... Apparently, I just pick off-times for the place, because based on the gyro, tzaziki and Greek salad, it would surprise me that the place is dead. My go-to meal here is a large Greek salad, topped with gyro meat and a side of that heavenly tzaziki sauce. It never fails to be an absolutely satisfying meal. The waitstaff is friendly and attentive - even after walking in after closing (oops!) our waitress INSISTED that we place an order and sit down to eat. In talking with another waitress, we learned that The Mad Greek sources its herbs and produce either from the veggie garden on the side of the property or from the local farmers market. They also source their meats from a small meat market in Charlotte. If you're looking for a corporate, sterile dining experience, this is definitely not it. I can't speak for much of the menue, but I will give The Mad Greek my vote for best gyro in town.
5	Holy moly! Fresh hummus, sea bass, kebab plate, and gyro dinner. Specials for $6.95 to $12.95 ( with salad, pita and fries)Chef Nick makes fresh hummus every morning and it it awesome. Like no aftertaste hummus bad flavor here. Seriously get here. Now. Oh yeah and we got an entire bucket of cucumbers for free fresh from the garden. Did you hear me?! For free. Oh they served us after the closed. Yep. I this place.
4	Great Greek food! The gyro dinner was amazing and really filling. The only thing that was less than perfect was the service. They could use a few more employees so the one server didn't seem so frazzled. This was not an issue at all because we enjoyed the food so much but I would think twice about coming here more often. Take out for sure next time!
4	Salad was great, extremely fresh cucumber and tomato!  Chicken spiced just right and really moist.   Tzatziki sauce was some of the best I've ever eaten.  Small dining area .  Felt sorry for the ONE waitress, she was having to run the take out orders in front plus waiting on dining room !   But she gave polite efficient service no frills.  Will defiantly be back to eat  at the Mad Greek on my next trip to Southpark mall
4	My friend and I stopped here for lunch today. We both got a gyro and it was amazing! I'm so used to eating at Showmars that I was blown away by how good the gyros at Mad Greek are. Top NOTCH!  It also looks like they make their own deserts as well and if they taste as good as they look I'm sure I would be HUGE fan. Service was good, no complaints, but the food really makes this place. I will be back for sure!
4	We arrived just before closing and were welcomed in by Peggy. We both had the kebab dinner with pita and Greek salad. The kebab was as good as those we had in Greece. The salad was fresh and the dressing was excellent. Prices were reasonable and the food was excellent!
4	After a month-long traipse across Greece, I've become a Greek food snob. I read this place was touted as authentic, so I decided to give it a try.For lunch, I got a classic gyro, which is a legitimate staple in Greece. I have to say, it was incredibly good. I could tell each ingredient was fresh - the pita hot and soft, the lettuce crispy, the gyro meat tender and full of flavor. And the tzatziki was the best I've had in Charlotte! The fries were also quite good too. A+.The waitresses were friendly and attentive as well. The star deduction is only because of the restaurant itself. Our table was noticeably dirty, and the decor and lighting left much to be desired. The air also felt really stale and warm.But these factors won't keep me from visiting again for another one of their delicious gyros. Maybe I'll just get takeout next time.
5	I stopped by this place on my lunch break from class and I'm so happy I did! I ordered a small Greek chicken salad to go and asked for a small side of hummus. The chef said "hello" though the kitchen window and asked if I wanted to try a little piece of lamb in my salad. I of course said "yes"! It was so tender and full of flavor! I was very happy with the portion and loved the Greek Salad dressing. I will definitely be back!
3	Well. I don't think the people in there are Greek for one. Second do not expect a restaurant that is for sure. It's more like a hole in the wall. Lady told me the gyro meet was cut off the leg like in NY. It's most definitely not. Any vendor in NY that serves gyros would put this joint out of business. The only reason we stopped was because we tried to find something else and every time it said a place was open it was closed. Finally got sick of it and just pulled in
5	This is the best Greek food I've ever had! The gyro platter is amazing, with the best fresh French fries and salads. The gyro meat is unlike any other-- juicy and delicious. Not your usual dry meat.This place is a must visit!
4	Delicious gyro and chicken souvlaki pitas!! Also the staff is very nice and friendly!
4	Food is great! It's more like a greasy-spoon type of a place - they even have non-greek themed options. The hummus & pita are wonderful, but their french fries are amazing! Just beware that if you order the Xopiatikh Village Salad, there is no actual lettuce in this salad. Service is quick and friendly! Easy to get in and out - you can also togo too. Best tip about this place: The sandwich portions are ginormous!
