2	Bland & Boring BUT Cheap. $9.99 per person.Smallest buffet I have ever seen. Very limited selection,dessert selection is the WORST.Nothing special-the pictures tell it ALL.Service was fast & friendly but didn't make up for the food.I won't be back unless it's FREE.
4	when i was little, my sis and i accompanied my parents to vegas and they had the tradition of stopping at barstow and baker on the drive there and always picked up those little flyers that have random deals. years later, whenever i make my journey to vegas, i can't deny the urge to grab those flyers... hey, there are sometimes some great deals! one of my parents' favorite deals are the buy one get one free flyers for terrible's buffet. our first day we arrived in vegas around 1pm and hit up terrible's $7.99 brunch buffet. so, wait for it, $7.99 for 2 people for a buffet!! yah, it's much smaller than typical vegas buffets (you can't even compare this place to wynn, rio, bellagio, etc... think of comparing denny's to lawry's!) but dude, think about the price. they have surprisingly tasty offerings:breakfast: carved ham, scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, country-fried steak, waffles made to order, biscuits and gravy, a fruit bar, donuts/danishes/muffins/pies/cakes, frozen yogurt (chocolate/vanilla/swirl but no toppings), cereal, yogurt, a few dim sum itemslunch: carving station for prime rib & turkey, fried catfish (my favorite), taco bar, chinese food bar, raw shrimp (surprisingly decent and always my dad's favorite), hot wings, salad bar, fruit, chicken soup and ham and bean soup we actually thought it was such a good deal we came back again at the end of our trip! we arrived around 10:50 and it was the PERFECT time to go since we got to have a plate of breakfast items and at 11:00 they put out the piping hot lunch items.small buffet but for the price, definitely worth it!!
3	For $10 brunch buffet you can't expect much but Terrible's was actually better than expected. The buffet was much smaller than a $20 buffet but that is to be expected. If you're like me and love sweets then you will be pleased with the abundance of cookies, cakes, ice creams, and more yumminess.
2	Smallest buffet I've ever been to....Least amount of food choices.It was Italian cuisine Mondays when we went for brunch/lunch and was $7.99. Short line and we were seated right away. Service was fast and friendly. Food:I liked only liked the pasta section. The lasagna, alfredo broccoli and zucchini pasta, spaghetti & meatbealls were good. The stuffed peppers with rice and meat was ok.The meat section had brisket and this other meat that was soft and tender. The grilled chicken was dry, nothing special.The cocktail shrimps were very small, but good.The Asian/Chinese section was a sorry section. Sucked a lot more than Panda Express. It was pathetic Chinese food. The chow mein was WTH is this. And the sweet and sour pork was soggy. The eggroll was not good.There was this make-your-own taco section that i didn't try.There was also a make-your-own salad section, 2 different potato salads (this was normal), macaroni salad, cottage cheese, sweet carrot salad, sweet dessert salads, and coleslaw (the only salad i liked).The dessert section had quite a few stuff to choose from, but I didn't like anything but the tiny eclairs. There was donuts (dry), pies (ok), cakes.I wouldn't come back unless it was free.
1	Avoid at all costs. Request Linda if you feel like being belittled while you eat your reheated processed food stuffs. Terrible: more than just a name.
1	The name says it all.  Terrible.I guess you pay the consequences for being cheap and stopping at the first place we drove past.  $10 for a tiny buffet with the normal free hotel food:  wet eggs, funky already made omelets, oval hashbrowns, thin bacon, and funky fruit salad.  They had a carving station with dry meat that was recommended I "put a lot of barbecue sauce on it because it helps make it better" by an employee.  We did get a lot of champagne.  The only good thing.  My stomach was very angry at me for filling it with what this place tried to convince us was food.
1	Terrible's Buffet is TERRIBLE!  Not many food choices but was a cheap eat.  Food looked old.  Such a small buffet that you have to reach over a few food pans.  Imagine what hairs and particles are dropped in to the pans.  Disgusting.  Don't waste your money go elsewhere!
1	We had a 2 for 1 coupon so cost us 20 bucks for 4 people. Might Have been worth it for pure Vegas awful food entertainment. But not for the food
4	This place isn't trying to impress the uppity tourists from California.  It is what it is.  A cheap buffet at a casino that caters to the locals.  The buffet area is small compared to buffets on the strip.  But it is comparable to many of the locals casinos off the strip.The breakfast buffet has the normal breakfast foods.  They were all of good quality.  And you can't beat the price.  $3.99 for weekday breakfast if you have their player's card.  On top of that we had a buy one get one free coupon.  So the two of us had a very good breakfast for $4.31 total.  We ate breakfast there 3 times the week we were there.
1	Don't even think about eating here...I ate here twice, once for the dinner buffet and the other time in their restaurant for breakfast.  In both cases the atmosphere was depressing, the food bland and tasteless, the servers, absolutely superb.  I have never seen servers/waitresses more upbeat and friendly, it's a shame they are given such a poor product. One waitress in particular when I commented on the food just rolled her eyes, she seemed to immediately understand exactly what I was saying. There was a waitress in the restaurant where I had breakfast, think I heard she was 68, and I told her that she was 100 times better than the food, and that says it all.The buffet selection is poor, the ceilings are incredibly low, the food is bland, it's just a yucky atmosphere.I actually like the hotel, you can find some incredible rates for staying there on i4vegas, just don't eat there.Has to be one of the most depressing buffets I've ever been at in Las Vegas.  Seriously, you don't know me, but in this instance, "trust me".Go elsewhere to eat, even for breakfast, no matter how cheap it is.Yuck.
4	Don't let the name fool you.  Terrible's brekafast buffet is anything but Terrible.  I have been coming here for years and every time I feel like I got my moneys worth.  The breakfast buffet was $5.99 and there are a lot of items to choose from, and it's not too over-indulgent like some Vegas buffets.  The only thing I didn't care for was the corned beef hash, but the biscuits and gravy were delicious!
2	Smokey atmosphere and old buns on mediocre burger
3	Eggs were a little runny, sausage was ok but would have been great if a little more crisp. Bacon was freakin amazing!  Also get coffee and juice, country gravy over hash browns was also awesome.  Chicken fried steak was not cooked, kind of frozen in the middle. No white milk for the cereal at the buffet, only chocolate.  We had a free buffet so $3.99 for 2 people is solid
3	This place wasnt that bad (disregard the name "terrible"). didn't have a wide slection of food like that other buffets that ive been too but it was not bad at all. I wouldnt mind coming back here again. It wouldve been nice to have more of a selection but then again, I came in the morning when they were serving brekfast stuff.
3	So if you're looking for a decent vegas buffet with an ok price and without long lines you found it here.  But there's a reason for that. They don't have much selections and often are inconsistent with the quality.Example, the last time I was there, my first serving of brisket was excellent, juicy, tender, could cut with a fork but it was only enough to just get started.  I knew I wanted more brisket so when it was time for my 2nd serving of brisket I asked for 2 big pieces. Big mistake because they were both extremely dry and salty, and these were not end cuts. I couldn't even make them better by dunking them into bbq sauce or au jus.Soups and salads are ok, you cant really mess that up. Desserts are also ok.  Avoid most of the food on the left side of the buffet, it's the sides and misc stuff, they don't always look fresh.  The sandwiches are ok though.  Like most buffets they have a different theme each night, though most of the selections are the same every night.  Turkey, brisket, and roast beef seems to be there every night.  I didn't care for their Monday Italian night nothing Italian stood out differently. Friday Pacific Rim and Sunday Prime Rib and Shrimp nights are the only nights with enough difference to notice are a little better.The food are still good and worth eating since your not paying an arm or leg for, around $10. The service is usually good and usually a quiet place to eat, minus the slot machine sounds you might hear.
3	I think I went on a really good day because I was warned of how bad it was, and I didn't think the food was that bad - actually, I thought the food was pretty good and maybe just a notch below what I experienced at the Orleans buffet the day before.  When we went, I think the buffet had less than six parties as customers, and the restaurant next door (which shares the same room), had at least half its tables occupied. Another reason why my expectations were low going in.  It's $8.99 for lunch, but $6.99 with a player's card.  So, that $2.00 off really makes a difference.  If you get a 2 for 1 coupon in the mail, or something - then at $4.50, I think it is worth 4 stars (on an apparently good day).  First, there was no line, which I liked (a double edged sword for Vegas buffets because that is a sign of bad food).  The price was great (we had the 2 for 1), and the food was decent.The selection is small.  I had the meat at the carving station, which was satisfactory; , the beef medallion with gravy, I did like.  The pea soup, however, I did not like.Like at the Orleans buffet,  I took a nice quantity of shrimp, peeled the shell, and had my own shrimp cocktail on a plate - though the shrimp I got was softer than what I would have liked (probably becuase I got the shrimp form the bottom of the bowl where the accumulation of melted ice was located), that alone was worth more than the price of the lunch at $4.50, even at $6.99, the shrimp alone is worth the price - at $8.99, I probably would be writing that I would have liked the shrimp to have been a better experience.The service was friendly, and fast in bringing drinks, and removing used plates, so kudos to that, also.
4	I've been here a few times since they renovated a little, about a month ago. It's now a solid 3.5. They added a island buffet area and rearranged some of the food. A larger selection of salads or at least had more ingredients to make a good salad, and yummier tasting dessert than before, brownies, maybe blue berry scones/biscuits, cakes and pies. The quality and consistency of the food was also better.  The turkey was juicy and tasty, same for the brisket.  The prime rib was also good but too rare for me. They should've added a grill for those who wanted their prime rib more well. They have shrimp which I always eat my moneys worth in. The salmon and BBQ ribs were ok. I like this buffet because you don't get overwhelmed with to much variety and still get a pretty satisfying meal.
1	Most appropriately named restaurant ever!First, the good news. The place is cheap! Especially if you have a players club card for the casino. That is literally the only good news about this place.Now the bad. The food was bland and horrible. The turkey and pork were painfully dry. The mashed potatoes and stuffing had no flavor whatsoever. The spring rolls in the Chinese section was basically just deep fried rice paper with no filling. The pasta just looked scary as did the taco section. Everything on the salad bar was limp and old. I tried the chocolate mousse cake for dessert.The crust was rubbery and there was no taste of chocolate at all in the filling. Literally the best thing I had was the jello.I guess this is a great place to go if you are on a diet, because the food is so horrible you won't eat much and then you will have a stomach ache the rest of the day and won't eat again.Avoid this place like the plague, which you could very well get from eating here.
3	Me and my hubby came here for lunch and it was cheap for AYCE! There wasn't a huge selection or anything, but I believe we came here on a good day. The food tasted fine to me. I think this buffet is way better than Circus Circus.
1	Where do I start. Maybe the unfriendly staff. The cold, nasty, and old food. I know you pay for what you get but at $8.99 per person you expect something... I will never come back and I will always say-- Terrible is Horrible place to eat !! Janelle gave this place props, I guess she hate me !!  lol  Wish I could chose no stars.... Oh the manager was not around to refund my money, what a joke !!!
2	Okay, I am trying not to be mean on this. I really feel bad saying this, but this buffet was disgusting. The food was bland and flavorless. The peach cobbler was runny and soup looking, I remember looking at it and thinking 'really??'. We went here because my grandma had free buffet vouchers so it was incredibly cheap (I think we paid $4 after the vouchers), but that was about it. A complete waste of an eating experience in Vegas. Definitely the worst one I went to while I was here, cheap or not.
1	Regarding: my post on 4/13/2012. I would like to respond to David Nolan from Terrible Buffet. The date was April 3, 2012 around 8:30PM inside your buffet. We split the party into two groups (party of 4) each party was allowed to use a player's card to receive the $2.00 discount per meal. This was our first visit to terrible, so you should be able to track it. Good luck
1	Not a good experience at all! Food was absolutely terrible, just like the name says!  Went over to Nathan's afterwards.
1	Lives up to it's name. We didn't bother going back downstairs to get the players card, because 11 for dinner didn't seem too bad. Of course, from the cash register you can't really SEE the buffet spread, and for good reason. There's hardly anything there, and what's there ranges from bland to wtf IS that? The not so terrible: the turkey wasn't too dry, quite edible actually. Gravy and stuffing not too bad.The terrible: dry, cold, roast beef. Hard mashed potatoes. Hard, stale bread. Chicken curry that is only recognizable as such because of the sign. Pitiful looking egg rolls and "fried rice". Chicken noodle soup, that had no noodles. Pitiful, wilted salad bar. Dry, stale, OLD desserts. The only things I could manage to stomach was the turkey and stuffing with gravy. The buffet is TINY, and even with the players card, not worth the price, even if a few more things were edible. Pepsi products only, yick!I wouldn't eat here again if it was free. The only good thing about the place was that our server was nice, and kept our crappy pepsi drinks refilled.
3	Pretty good value for your money. You can find a 2 for 1 coupons in some of the Vegas advertising books. There is a 2 for 1 or 50% off if dining solo coupon in the American Casino Guide.Not very good for paleo eaters but low carbers should find plenty to enjoy, most of the food is breaded. I was there for the "American" dinner on Thursday evening. The wings (breaded) were pretty decent. I give them a big thumbs up for having liver and onions though the liver was also breaded. They had a roast beef carving area though the meat was pretty tough. They had pot roast and the beef there was much more tender.They had a baked potato area which you could load up with bacon, sour cream, etc. The salad area was typical as well with veggies and various dressings.Look its not that great of a buffet - probably on par with your typical american chain (Old Country Buffet, Golden Corral, etc.). Decent for what you pay though, especially with a coupon.
1	If you're here to decide whether or not to eat at Terrible's Buffet, pay attention:Unfortunately, I and a few others got the random "draw" of visiting this place...I protested, but for naught...This buffet is located on the second level, up an escalator.  The buffet itself is very small, the number of plastic trees situated among the tables, easily outnumber the food items offered.  As we were led to our table, a party of 8 had just sat down, they were doing prayers...I had a sneaking suspicion it was not directed at honoring their gawd, but what they were about to eat...and  as a sidenote, at the cashier we were asked if this was our first time at the buffet, I honestly answered, "unfortunately, no", without a blink or a hesitation we were given our receipt and ushered along the way...What is wrong with this buffet...1. The size and diversity, but that's a corporate, financial decision.2. The mislabeling.  As is often the custom on Las Vegas Buffets, someone came up with the clever idea of writing the identity of the food on the plastic panels...on our visit, the labels did not match the foods, obviously no manager had taken the time to walk the buffet line.  Example:  "stuffing" was written on the plastic, where noodles were located, next to the cream corn.  There was no stuffing served this evening (it was "prime rib" night).3. As a general comment, the display of the food was done haphazardly and in an unappetizing fashion.  I cringed when I saw the staff replenish the salad line with food items spooned directly out of the cans that Sysco had delivered.  Not how I want to see my "fresh" ingredients.  4. The fried chicken looked just dreadful, like you'd find at a Safeway deli after it had been sitting there for 2 hours.  You would not think it possible to screw up mashed potatoes, they were dreadful...gawd I hope they were not made from flakes.  All of the sauces were THIN...example: the gravy looked like it had been watered down.5. The organization was lousy.  Example... they served fried shrimp which actually was "ok", but there was no cocktail sauce anywhere near it... it was located over by the salad bar near the cold peeled shrimp.  I watched with amusement as customers took the fried shrimp, and looked helplessly for the cocktail sauce.6. You can get away with limited entrees and side dishes, but it's hard to present a dessert section that is not well stocked.  It just looks pathetic, especially at a Las Vegas buffet.7. The few servers behind the buffet, at the meat station in particular, showed no enthusiasm.  If they're not excited about what they are serving, how is the customer suppose to feel?8. All in all, I can understand, or at least respect, the high level executive decision to offer a small buffet at a lower dollar level; I have no respect for onsite management who can't possibly have taken the time to walk the buffet to appreciate its poor execution.The table servers and their customers deserve better.   The next time anyone mentions this buffet, all I will ever be able to see is that server pouring corn out of a large Sysco-like commercial can, directly into the salad bar.Even if it is 110 degrees outside, even if the price for the buffet is low, even if you have coupons, I'd advise you walk a few blocks in any direction and get some real food, that is served with respect.
1	It matches the name.Of all the drunken places I ended up at WHY couldn't i have been at Secret Pizza!? Or at least Earl of Sandwich! this is how it went down.waiter: what would you like?me: nachos!!!waiter: that ended at 11pm.me: NACHOS!waiter: that ended at 11pm.me: okay, loco moco.waiter: how would you like your beef cooked?me: medium rare.waiter: we don't do medium rare. medium well?me: what do you mean medium well? no no, MEDIUM RARE.waiter: we don't do medium rare.me: then why did you ask me how I wanted it f*#$&#(*cking cooked??? okay I'm sorry sir I didn't mean to cuss at you. Medium well. FINE.*texting on group chat*I'M DRUNK AND I AM SAD BECAUSE THEY ARE COOKING MY LOCO MOCO MEDIUM WELL WTF. AND I AM EMO. AND IM NOT WEARING A BRA AND IT'S COLD IN HERE AND MY NIPPLES HURT AND MY LOCO MOCO IS MEDIUM WELL!!!!!!!!!!my friends: what the...Yea I don't know what happened man. All I know is that it was barely edible to me.
1	I got Terrible's diarrhea the next day. Small selection of dishes.
1	My husband and I tried the buffet last Sunday evening.  We won't go back. Customers get confused what line to stand in because the buffet and cafe are located right next to each other.  The hostess was rather rude...yelled across the room for the party ahead of us instead of greeting nicely and showing the party to their table.  The seating areas were very dirty...carpet needed cleaning last year, food dropped on floor and not picked up by staff, carpet had large rip that I tripped over.  Peel and eat shrimp were not cleaned well.  Bread rolls still in plastic bags instead of served in baskets.  For an International Buffet, I thought the food selection was not good.  Sneeze guards were placed really low so the food was hard to get to and they were dirty with smeared food.  One of the worst buffets we have been to in a long time.
3	I could not find a dish that I could eat it with pleasure.In addition, some of the dishes were not fresh.Sometimes serves delicious cheesecake.Low price, only $ 10.
1	Dislike, dislike, and dislike! This place is cheap for a Vegas buffet, $10.99 AYCE, but service seriously sucks. Came here with a group of 9 and we only had half of the party there, yet they already expected us to pay up front 18% gratuity already. Um...no. How do they expect their customer to pay before they even sit down. Heck no, they better sit us down or we will just peace out.After 10 minutes of 'fixing the issue' we sat down and ate. Nothing special at all here other than it's cheap. There's breakfast (bacon, eggs, hash brown, toast and etc) meats (ham or roasted beef, pretty big piece and chewy). Soup (chowder or chicken noodle were mehs) Big selection of greens at the salad bar. A plate and a half, we were done. When we were about to leave and just calculating our bill with each other standing up, freakin lady was already creeping behind us REMINDING us about the 18% gratuity... -_- seriously? Half of our group left, including me without a hesitant about the tip and left. Well deserve tip is when there's a well service to customers. This will be our last taste at the Terrible's.
2	You get what you pay for.The buffet was like 6 bucks.  The lady was nice enough to hook me up with a coupon  to make it like 4 bucks.Small buffet.  Not very good.  I was fed, and full.  Mission accomplished!
2	For the price, and you can get in for under $10, and get a discount by signing up for a free players card in the downstairs casino area, the buffet is "okay" (yeah, I've had better for the same price too), nothing outstanding, but falls into the "you get what you pay for" category.The beef stew was fairly good for lunch, it may have been of canned origin 'tho, reminds me of Dinty Moore at it's best.The soft serve frozen desert machine was broken, so the chocolate came out a bit like it had the runs.I didn't try the breakfast nor the dinner.  As far as buffets goes, there are better choices in Las Vegas of both more expansive selection and tastier quality, but those will run you about $30-40+.So, if you're hungry, and have $10, you get all you can drink (non-alcoholic soft drinks) and that should cover your meal, tax and tip.Truthfully, the restaurant next door with the $10 entree deals like the Prime Rib may be a better choice for your money if you're into higher quality and not focused in on the diversity and quantity that buffets offer.Don't fall into the trap of gambling here at Terrible's... twice I've gambled and lost enough to have used that money to buy a high end dinner at a steakhouse.The golden rule of Vegas for gamblers... DO NOT GO CHEAP ON FOOD !!!  If you're so willing to throw $10, $25, or $100 on gambling bets only to let cards, dice a rolling ball or reels determine your financial fate, you most certainly can fork over $50 and treat yourself to a good meal, so at the end of the trip even if you lose, at least you had a good dining experience.
5	Honestly I was pleasingly surprised, we were staying at this hotel and I'd noticed they had a $4 breakfast buffet. I'm my mind I thought, how can you go wrong!!!My boyfriend read up on it and said the reviews looked horrible, that it wasn't even worth $4... We being adventurous folk, and having been strapped for cash, decided, why not!I really don't know how anyone could say ANYTHING against this breakfast buffet! They had everything I could have wanted (given the price). Eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, French toast, yogurt, fruit.... I couldn't complain.I left full and happy!Tip: the buffet is actually $6 if you aren't apart of their card club thing. Which you just have to sign up for completely free, and only one person in your group needs it if your paying on one tab.
1	i ate here years ago, and unfortunately, they lived up to their name. (i see they've changed the name. at the time it was called terribles, which is how it lived up to it's name. i'm not sure why they rebranded and kept the same yelp page. hopefully they didn't eep the same recipes)it felt like someone took a chuck e cheese, stripped it of the fun and pizza, and gave it bad pasta as a consolation prize.this review won't make a lot of sense anymore. when i first reviewed it, it was called terribles. why they didn't start a new yelp account, i don't know. if it's owned and operated by the same people, the reviews won't matter at all. if the food is different and good, they've screwed themselves.
1	I have adequate expectation of what sort of food I can get at a $4 buffet. I just don't want to share it with pests. I have noticed a happy COCKROACH running around the corner of the buffet floor this morning. When I was talking  to the buffet manager to bring his attention to the problem he demonstrated complete lack of interest and concern. He is probably used to and comfortable with the fact that guests share their meals with cockroaches.
1	Pro: It's pretty cheap in the morning with the player's card... Con: It's crap, CRAP... rude, unhelpful, angry staffSpend the last CES trip in this hell hole of casino and we munched here for two breakfasts. It was basically a self torture in the worst degree. The food, we didn't get sick, which was a huge surprise to all of us. It was below Denny's grade slope with tap water. Some of the refreshments are self serve, some are thru the waitress. The orange juice was warm and comes with a cup of ice, nuff said.For the second visit, we got to the buffet after they closed the buffet section, the hostess actually made us wait on a different side of rope until she realized that she could let us into the cafe part of the buffet for self order food. Well, that didn't fly with our group and we left for a more reasonable place.Don't come here, I don't care if you are staying in this place, go some where else.
5	After being disappointed by the quality of the buffet of buffet's we elected to skip the breakfast buffet the next day in favor of sleep.  When we woke up and on our way out of town we stopped off at Terrible's for a low key off strip meal and found they were serving brunch.  First thing to write home about was the price, had we gotten a players club card the meal would have been $12 for 2 people!  We opted to just eat and it was $23 instead.  We didn't expect much but it couldn't have been worse than the buffet we endured at Paris the day before.The food there was pretty fantastic.  Not a lot of options, but they did everything they offered very well.  I would go back to this buffet MANY TIMES OVER
3	Good. It was good.All things considered, you get exactly what you pay for at this buffet.We did not wait for a table and were seated and giving instruction immediately. The selection is not terribly exciting, but it covers what you need. The service needs work, but you can't really hold them to a high standard considering the property.The room is nice and was both clean and well kept on our visit.In fact, the only real complaint that I have is that the server handed a knife blade side out to my aunt... which was both dangerous and stupid.
5	This place is awesome if you get the buy one get one free the meal is only $4.50 per person. With nice salmon, shrimp and a raw veggie bar you can get shredtownUSA on a budget. Steal some apples and oranges too for added value:) didnt try the hot food it looked dirty and I don't trust em
1	The GF and I have been coming here for years when it was named Terrible's but this will be the last time in this building.  We were here for the brunch buffet yesterday. After being seated near the buffet and sampling a few items from the buffet, a COCKROACH came walking acrossour table and onto my plate!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My GF jumped from the table and I immediately told our server to get a manager. There didn't seem to be a manager on the floor. After 7-8 minutes, a mananger named Caterino arrived. He didn't even say anything to us. He just grabbed our receipt from the table and said he would be back. My GF and I are now standing in the middle of the floor surrounded by other tables of people who are also "GROSSED OUT" by this situation. Cat the "manager" returned after 5 minutes and set money on our table without saying a word and started to walk away. It was the amount we paid for the 2 buffets(19.44). At that time, I called him back and  showed him another COCKROACH which was crawling on the wall next to where we were seated. He grabbed a napkin from our table and squished the COCKROACH and said he would show it to the chef as he walked away. IT SEEMED LIKE HE IS USED TO DEALING WITH THIS PROBLEM. He never even said he was sorry for us having to endure this GROSS episode. I  know at least one other table demanded their money back after witnessing the COCKROACHES as they were seated at a table next to ours. They also immediately left the area as they also could not eat after seeing this.  POOR QUALITY MANAGEMENT WITH TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS and worst of all, a dirty kitchen and eating area with a COCKROACH infestation.                                                                     WE WILL NEVER RETURN
1	This was a very small buffet! Small buffets can be good, but this one wasn't. I seriously don't think they make any of the food. It's more like a cafeteria heating up cheap food and doing a piss poor job of it.My husband and I went in around 2pm, expecting a lunch buffet. We didn't realize it was Sunday, thus an extended brunch. No problem for us! Until we got to the food. The food looked (and tasted) as though it'd been sitting on the buffet line under the heat lamps for at least an hour, if not more. The scrambled eggs were rubbery. The French toast sticks were chewy. The salad bar had potato salad and macaroni salad...filled from a box (see the photos I posted) that was sitting unattended on the counter. The so-called "mac & cheese" was some rigatoni noodles (that were actually cooked right) with what I swear was canned cheese sauce, the kind you get at Costco when you're running a snack bar for your kid's little league. My husband's orange juice tasted like watered down from-concentrate stuff. The food was all-around awful. Some reviewers say this place is good for the price. I disagree. We got a FANTASTIC Sunday *champagne*  brunch buffet for the same price at the Main Street Station Casino downtown.
3	Very good! My husband and I had a coupon for buy one get one free, but were nervous to eat here because of the reviews.  For both of us for breakfast it was $4.31.  There were pancakes, eggs, blintzes, and more.  It had all we needed and I would go again.  Try it and go in with an open mind.
2	My fine buffet experience began with the observation of a roach next to the food.  I informed one of the servers behind that counter and he thanked me for pointing it out and did absolutely nothing about it.The eggs were bland, the bacon salty and overcooked, the hash browns/potatoes tasted funny--overall, I stopped my hunger by getting slightly sick to my stomach.It is a "champagne brunch" today since it is a holiday.  I'm currently trying to get something for my $10 by slamming some fairly nasty Champagne.  Mixing it with the only good part of the meal--orange juice.  This makes it tolerable.Not so nice.
1	Absolutely disgusting! everything was horrible. there was not a single thing that was good in this buffet. 200 choices of food my ass! their so called Mexican was the nacho bar with 2 choices of sauces. Chinese was fried rice, chow mein and egg rolls. sea food was over cooked mussels and shrimp. steak was 50% fat. the display was like a cafeteria. and my fountain drink tasted like dish water. gross!!! one of the worst buffets I've ever been to!
3	Things are improving with this buffet. I stay at this hotel three or four times a year for five nights each trip while in Vegas on business. Some of the previous reviews over the past year are absolutely correct about the poor food and general negative responses about the whole experience. But, my latest visit the week of February 2, 2014 was a pleasant surprise. The quality of the food has increased substantially. I was told they have a new Executive Chef who is trying to step up the food service. He has a real challenge but seems to pointing in the right direction. It is far from fancy but the price is certainly right. They could update the lighting situation. Kind of drab.Could be worth a try one more time if your past experience was less than good.
5	I came with a friend and we arrived at the S7 buffet at about 9:15 on a Saturday morning. The prices were reasonable and the guy at the counter told me that you get an extra two dollars off if you have a players club card. I thought that was a nice discount and it was worth getting signed up for.The buffet was pretty good and it covered the basics for sure! I was in breakfast mode so I hung down towards that end of the buffet. I grabbed a couple of plates of scrambled eggs and bacon and then I poured gravy all over it. As of late, I love going with that gravy option when it is presented to me. I will call this my gravy phase lol!The people that worked there were nice and they had this cool vegas lights kind of mural on the wall next to the booth that we were seated in and that made for a good back drop for our pictures. The gal that took the pictures was a good sport because I get a little picky when it comes time to take pictures.
3	Ok first of all if you plan to eat at this casino wear a mask, the smoke in here was really bad!!!!! So we ended up at this buffet because we had coupons for a buy on get on free and some had coupons for a free buffet. They no longer accept the coupons for the free buffet but they were nice enough to provide us with another coupon for the rest of the people in my party. The price was reasonable for lunch and we went when they had their international buffet. The food was just ok but the choices were so limited that I just ate what I ended up liking. Honestly not the best buffet but maybe a different day would be better and use coupons! Don't waste a lot of money here. I did like the atmosphere of the place though it was decorated really cute!
1	First of all this place does not even deserve to be open or ANY stars. The food was disgusting. Very little options to pick from that are not even fresh. You get what you pay for but this is just not even real food, it was like eating plastic. I NEVER recommend this place to ANYONE.
2	I only tolerate the teribble food and terrible service because I only come when I eat for free.  Yes they need to pay you to eat there.  Now the cafe isn't too bad if u want decent food but they are really slow serving at both places... well the buffet can't be slow since you grab your own food... but now the drink... different story.... even though the staff and service is slow... they are really nice.  I would come back again to eat on the house.  The best thing in their brunch is the donuts which is terrible to say knowing they probably didn't make it.   Since I'm filipina... it made sense for me to enjoy the corned beef hash with white rice.  They are Terrible they have to own up to their name!
4	This review is for their breakfast, which we make a point of having every visit. You can't beat the price (with Player's Card). The coffee, pancakes and chicken fried steak are great and the staff have always been pleasant to us. It's definitely not fancy but definitely reliable. I look forward to the next breakfast.
1	STAY AWAY!!!  The worse buffet I have ever been to in my entire life!  I am NOT saying that lightly!  I would rather eat from a garbage can before eating here again!  Second, it is the smallest buffet I have ever been to in my entire life (outside of the Sizzler).  The food is awful!  You have enchiladas without meat (they are called vegetable enchiladas).  They taste of the food tastes like they use the cheapest ingredients!  They rarely clear your plates from your table (I think there is actually a bus boy that does this, because I saw him come out once).  The only thing good I liked about the entire buffet was the fried chicken and the pot stickers!I would NEVER eat here again...even if it was for free!
2	We used to eat here all the time, when it was Terrible's. With the takeover by Silver Sevens, the quality diminished greatly. We gave it 2 chances - but, that's it. I was told that they had a new "executive chef". Should have kept the old one.
4	We stayed at the silver sevens hotel and casino, and with our stay they gave us a buy one get one free buffet , it was very inexpensive, the buffet is limited but it was good enough for us, they had salads, at the carving station they had pork which was very tender, mash potatoes, gravy, Mexican, chicken and Chinese food, we had great service, and we walked out full and happy, yes we will be back here again!
