5	Came here for the first time yesterday.  Fantastic food and service!  Fresh and tasty...it felt healthy, like a home cooked meal and was super fast for our lunch hour.  I did a mix of the steak and chicken since I didn't know which I'd prefer--I'll mix again next time!  Excited to have another place for lunch not too far from the office.  I believe the ownership is local which is always a bonus.
5	4 of us just ate there and enjoyed the way the meals were laid out, the food was very fresh, the portions were large and the flavors all worked very well together. The 4 of us all ordered something different and were very pleased and look forward to going back real soon. Fred the owner is very friendly and excited about his restaurant and sharing his appreciation and passion for different flavors!
5	I drove by tonight and saw the new restaurant and I a to say the food is really good!  I got in line and the staff was very pleasant and walked me through my order.  I got the child bowl with wet noodles, steak which was grilled and yummy, peanut sauce, the leaves (mint I think) and lime sauce.   I was not sure about the cold noodles verses hot noodles I am used too, but the combination of the food in my mouth was exceptional.Even though I got a child bowl, it was more than enough to feel me up and for $5 and change, how could I go wrong.  Same amount of food at Chipolte's would have been $7 or more.Congrats on your new restaurant concept and I look forward to my next bowl!
5	Have you ever imagined what if two of your favorite restaurants had a child? What if Chipotle and Pei Wei joined together and had an offspring?? Now you can see what it would be like-at Foosia Asia Fresh. This great new local restaurant give you a fresh, healthy alternative for lunch or dinner. The set up is kinda like Chipotle. You go thru the line, and start off by picking the base for your bowl. You choose from Jasmine rice, brown rice, chilled rice noodles, mixed greens, or flatbread. They you choose your protein from marinated steak, shredded pork, grilled chicken, seared shrimp, or crispy tofu.  Next you choose your vegetables (fresh, steamed or wok-ed). Then comes one of 7 custom sauces. ( I chose the Fooster sauce, which is a sriracha based sauce which was great). Then to finish it off, there are toppings chinese slaw, pickled chilies, crispy shallots, toasted peanuts, thai herbs, bean sprouts, lime squeeze. The finished bowl is tasty, filling, and refreshing, as well as leaving you feeling like you had healthy meal. There is talk of more locations to come. Let's support the new kid on the block and watch it grow..
5	CASUAL DINING AT IT'S BEST!Chipotle meets Fresh Asian Flare= FOOSIAGood.Fresh.Tasty.Value!Lots of healthy and delish options, very fresh food, and the price can't be beat.The place is no frills, but clean, and comfortable.  Take out is a breeze and the food is just plain good!I will be back and so will you...
4	First time.  It is refreshing. A great deal of up potential.  Looking forward to coming again to try more new things.  Great complementary flavors that you do not find elsewhere for the price.  Don't be intimidated by the chili peppers. Owner was very receptive to comments.
4	I love checking out new dining ideas and I definitely welcomed the casual/healthy approach to everything I read about Foosia.We came early on a Friday evening (about 5:45) and were one of only 2 occupied tables at the time. The crowd grew as we ate; people in line were pretty interested in learning about this new concept.I assembled my meal with brown rice, tofu, the wok-glazed veggie mix (you can also sub just regular steamed vegetables), their peanut sauce, toasted peanuts, herb mix, bean sprouts and two lime wedges for squeezing.The good:-Tasty ingredients. The brown rice was fluffy perfection. We both agreed we were wary that it might be stale/chewy based on appearance, but it was ideal in taste and texture. All vegetables and toppings were super fresh!-My fried-to-order tofu cubes were abundant in amount and seasoned perfectly.-The sauces were absolutely delicious. I tried a sample of their peanut sauce and knew it would make it's way to my bowl. Their website says it contains peanuts, dark soy sauce and coconut milk. Boyfriend used the BBQ sauce on his bowl and it was incredibly flavorful as well. -Ample toppings of extras. The herb mix gave the PERFECT minty/basily pop throughout the bowl. The lime wedges gave the perfect amount of final bright flavor. Protip: Don't try to add TOO many selections, as tempting as they look.The "needs work" section:-I can see this ordering system getting really slow during peak times. I like that I got my tofu made right as I ordered, but it took a few minutes and I wonder if a busy lunch line would get backed up?-It would be great if the menu gave descriptions of what's all in the sauces. Their peanut sauce is labeled "Two nuts walk into a bar..." which is cute and obviously their peanut sauce, but listing out the ingredients as it's shown on their website could probably save both staff and customer some time.-Girl forgot to top boyfriend's bowl with his sauce. Not a huge deal, but I did have to go up and get a ramekin for pouring. We'd be out of luck had we taken our order to go.All in all, I liked Foosia. We will definitely be back, but will probably give them a few weeks in between trips in order for them to work some kinks out. A great addition to the area!
5	I really enjoy this place.  There are so many options to choose from.  It's always clean and the staff is friendly.  In just minutes from walking in the door your are eating a healthy, fresh, high quality meal.  I highly recommend.
5	What an awesome concept: fresh healthy food served fast that is also delicious! I met one of the owners, Fred, while there and he shared with me that his medical doctor wanted him to eat healthier and gave him some suggestions for how to improve his diet. From that moment, the concept for the restaurant was born. After some work with investors and others he knew from his years in the restaurant business, Fred took the proposed menu to his doctor. With his doctor's blessing, Foosia was born. Think of the eatery as Chipotle meets Asian cuisine. The menu is easy to understand and walks you thru all your healthy choices. The servers behind the counter offer suggestions and even allow you to customize your meal anyway you want. For example, I was the first customer based on my server's experience to mix all the basic ingredients which were salad greens, chilled noodles and 2 types of rice:) I highly recommend the house sauce which is sweet with a little kick!With a regular drink, the meal was very affordable. While I am not a local, I will be eating here regularly whenever business or pleasure brings me back to Scottsdale!
4	A tip of the hat to any place that can get me to eat my vegetables, cost under $10, and actually taste good.  Foosia has done a great job executing the ever popular Chipotle model and bringing good fresh Asian to the busy lunch masses.
4	I am reviewing solely on catering. We had them cater our lunch at work. The food was good. I would have liked it if they used more spices and flavoring.
4	This is like a fresh, healthy Asian Chipotle.  The ingredients are fresh and good-looking, the sauces have lots of flavor, and the shrimp are enormous (you get 4 in the shrimp bowl).  The place is spacious, with spare Asian decor.    The process is quick, the results are head and shoulders above fast food, and the service is super pleasant.  A perfect quick meal between activities.  We'll be back.
5	The food here is great. Very healthy an very fresh. They only prepare small portions at a time so always fresh.
5	A great place.  We have eaten here a few times and it the opportunity to have healthy minimally processed food for not much money. The day they decided to give away free bowls in exchange for donations to anti-bullying campaign sealed the deal.
5	The food is very tasteful. The service is fast and friendly. It could take 5 min if your in a hurry or 15 if you want to ask questions and be social. I won't be going anywhere else for my Asian food ( served like at chipotle in bowl and you stop at each station to pick what you like).
5	Delicious, fresh, healthy!    My first Bowl today and will return to have more Bowls and try various combinations.   Eager to try the tofu and other sauces.   The place is bright,open and airy with a good outdoor area i addition to inside.    Great for a quick lunch or dinner or take-out.   Will be perfect for our hot summer days when a light meal is exactly what we want and need!
5	We stopped by for lunch today and had a great lunch! We both got the bowl with various combinations and really enjoyed the fresh ingredients and being able to mix and match the sauces!It was nice to find a place with healthy options that didn't taste like something that everyone else has. The patio was nice and they accommodated our puppy! We can't wait to stop back by!
5	To me, customer service is what defines a restaurant. While good food might get you in the door, great service is what keeps me coming back. You want loyal customers, especially if you're trying to build a business. Right when we walked in the door, we were greeted by a manager/owner asking us if we had been to this eatery before. He offered recommendations along with explaining the concept of the restaurant, and I was immediately impressed. Everyone working at the place was extra friendly, and a different person (definitely looked like an owner) specifically went out of his way to ask us if we were enjoying our meal. Like many other reviews have said, they offer healthy options along with great, innovative sauces. One tip for improvement though, since they're obviously a brand new business, there were too many things to pick (and look at) on the menu. Simplify it to picking a protein and picking a sauce. Otherwise I can only imagine a very hectic line during lunch rush. I can picture this becoming a HUGE success like Chipotle, and I have no doubts I will be back.
5	Freshly prepared chopped veggies with meat or shrimp toppings and prepared sauces.  Not organic.  Fooasia is a startup fast food / sit down place to eat.  Two dinners (you choose the food) runs just under $20.  Much better than fast food at same price point.  Geared to health conscious professional wanting a nice but fast meal.
5	Wow!  Fantastic and fresh Asian fare!  Food was delicious and healthy, the service was super helpful and friendly! Hope this catches on and becomes a chain!
1	So sad waited months as I watched this being built all that real estate space for this? Food so low quality like a cheap buffet limited selection did not taste fresh took it to go for 9 dollars NOT even worth stopping. Cashier could not count change back seems like low budget NO choices cheap food.
3	Dolf asked if I wanted to go to lunch, and said we were going to the "Asian Chipotle." I found this funny, because the last time we went to lunch, we went to the "Italian Chipotle" and actually walked past Chipotle to get there! I didn't know what to expect, and while I enjoyed the food, it wasn't what I was expecting. It was just a bowl of ingredients, and while it was fresh and I left full, it didn't blow me away. I also had an unwelcoming experience with a guy I assume was the owner. He didn't seem happy to be there, and wasn't the nicest person I met while dining at Foosia. This didn't blow me away, and while I am satisfied, I doubt I would go back. Their sauces are good, though. I prefer Chipotle!
4	It's my first time here and I had a free bowl coupon. So, I didn't look at the menu too much. What I did see was great customer service, a clean place, a beautiful selection of veggies and things to pick from, and great ice tea (very important to me). I really liked it, meat was cooked perfectly, veggies were fresh and tasty. I'll definitly come back to try something on the menu.
3	First time there, Had my two kids with me.  The vegetables and other "toppings" tasted fresh.  My only complaint was that they are a bit skimpy on the protein.  Didn't feel that I got my money's worth.  Also, the workers didn't offer much help with the menu.  Since it's a new restaurant, it's helpful if the workers provide info. about all of the different choices, especially when you have kids.  For example, they should have warned me that the cucumbers that my sons ordered had hot pepper flakes on them, which makes them spicy.
3	It was a good change of pace. Don't know how soon I will be back but I will be back.
4	If you like Chipotle, you should like foosia.  It's like a healthy Asian twist on Chipotle.  Fresh food, really nice staff who seem to want to make you happy.  Nice little porch to eat outside if you want.  I've been over 5 times and it is always good.  Interior and clean and modern.
5	Great customer service, lots of choices, and very fresh food! Came here two days in a row, for lunch, and both times were incredible. I will definitely return!
5	Read the reviews off yelp and had to try it; the food was awesome! I truly enjoyed it and the portions were really good! Must try the "two nuts walk into the bar" sauce!
4	Good, healthy, fast!
4	Saw that this place was in the neighborhood and I was curious to see what it was like. Hopped on Yelp! and saw that it had lots of good reviews, so I took my brother and checked it out today. Since it's a relatively new business, we got a free entree coupon in the mail (extra incentive to come in). I got Jasmine rice with shrimp, veggies, and I mixed 2 sauces-fooster (because I love Sriracha) and holy foobanero (a sweet/spicy mix). Delicious! I will probably be back to test the tofu. Management and employee were very friendly, nice open space with a patio.
2	Take out shouldn't be cold when it gets home. 3rd time here. Sad. Not - not warm - cold. Veggies, chicken, rice...everything. Cold Asian food is not ok. If I wanted to reheat my dinner, I'd go to the frozen section.
5	I LOVE Foosia! When Yelp reviewers say it's "Pei Wei meets Chipoltle",  they nailed it. Although a bit intimidating on your first visit, the staff is more than happy to explain how it works, and they will let you try the sauces and recommend additions to your meal to help you navigate the ordering process. The food is fresh, healthy and excellent! Check it out! You'll love it!
5	Tried foosia while trying to find healthy "clean" food and we weren't disappointed. Love this place!  It is similar to chipotle meeting Asian stirfry. Everything looked and tasted delicious.  Great customer service too. I also enjoyed having no caffeine and no sugar fruit ice tea. So many times it is loaded with caffeine and sugar. I wish California had a few of these, I would eat there all the time.  Foosia we will be back!
4	A nice change of pace.  I like the fact that the dishes come with brown or white rice or rice noodles.  The noodles are not chilled as advertised but room temperature which is OK.  The tofu is very lightly fried but be careful if you don't want your dish to be spicy ask for the tofu to be prepared without the seven spices which makes it really hot with a powerful kick.  Toppings are nicely done, fresh, and plentiful.  The price is certainly good and the portions are large.  A nice large covered/shaded patio but it might be hot in the summer since there didn't seem to be misters.  The concept seems to be catching on since places like Pelini, Fired, Which Wich and others are all giving you the opportunity to customize your meal from a variety of toppings or add-ins.  I'll definitely be back.
4	It did taste fresh. Even the pre-woked veggies were not overdone. Adding the Thai basil and herbs was a good call, tasty. It's a chipotle style setup, I'll need to experiment with different items and sauces to find my perfect meal. My husband is allergic to gluten so it's a great choice for a quick, cheap and easy meal for us.
4	Really liked this place, has a chipotle set-up. Everything was fresh, it was quick and cheap. I had really been wanting to check it out and I was not disappointed. I will for be going back.
3	Really tasty and quick, but overpriced. $10 for a chicken bowl and fountain drink. I would like this place a lot more if they lowered their prices by about $2.
4	I'm quite a fan of this new restaurant, and really hope that they expand throughout the Valley. As said before, it's an Asian version of Chipotle. So far I've tried the chicken, tofu, and shrimp. The shrimp is my favorite, it's cooked perfectly since it's grilled to order and the portion is large. I like being able to customize my meal as they have a ton of fresh, flavorful and healthy options. There's a lot of different types of veggies and toppings to add on at no extra cost. The staff has always been very nice and efficient. This is a great spot to get a quick, healthy, quality, low-cost meal!
4	Awesome concept. Healthy, quick Asian bowl,  yum! It was a little confusing first timer. Wish there was more help with choosing the sauces. Also,  the meat portions seem to be a bit skimpy. Overall though four stars for flavor and quality.  Restaurant was very clean and staff were friendly.
2	My wife brought it home for my family. I was not impressed. The spicy food was not. The stir fry vegetables were raw. The rice - not sticky. My son could not finish his and he picked it out.  Pei Wei has better sauces. Overall it was bland. Ours was a to go order so I am sure the service is good.
1	I tried this place today. I like the concept, but the food was not very good especially for the price. I had the rice noodles which were a little dry and the "crispy" tofu. The tofu was soaked in oil and spice, and it was definitely not crispy!!  Also, the pickled cucumbers tasted more like sugared cucumbers. My daughter had the beef which was dry too!!  I am really disappointed because I wanted to like this place. Our lunch was about $20 and I did not order a drink. TOO MUCH for dried rice noodles and beef!!  :(
2	This restaurant is modeled after Chipotle, which we love; however, we won't be back for a few reasons.  First my kids did not like the food.  They said the steak was tough.  Second the price was too high.  Lunch was $30 for two adults and two children with no drinks.  The concept is good.  I wish they offered better food for a smaller portion for a smaller price.
2	Hmmm.  Not sure I get it.   None of the individual ingredients were of high quality or particularly flavorful for me. The steak was tough. Poor value / quality price point  overall from my perspective.  Not enough draw for me to go back and give it a second shot.
4	This is too funny. First let's get this out of the way the food was good fast and I appreciate the low carb option.  The service was great. Now for the funny part I came here without checking Yelp first. I ordered my food and started to eat it. Before opening Yelp I already knew why the haters would give it one or two stars and I was correct.  They complain about the price. I am sorry but if $10 is too much for a quality lunch then the problem is not so much with the restaurant but with your finances.  But what really aggravates me about this folks is don't they look at the menu!  This place has a giant menu over the counter with the prices clearly marked.  Here is some free financial advice read the menu first if you are cutting close on funds walk the 20 feet across the parking lot to Jack in the Box. I know the food is not as high a quality and healthy at Jack. I bet most of the folks here complaining about paying $10 for quality food are also for increasing the minimum wage. Sorry rant over. This place is great the food is great the people are great and you won't do wrong by coming here but know they don't have a 99 cent value menu.
5	Love the food, so fresh and it's so rare to find so many flavors coming to life in your mouth in a fast good place. I just think they are changing the idea of fast food and showing us that you can make healthy food fast and delicious! I love it this is my second stop and it was as good as I remember it the first time. It's the kind of place you will crave to come back for. Try it!
1	Another episode of ripoff city. Nothing is cooked to order, so everything is just sitting in their pans and the meat did not look very appetizing, so i opted for shrimp. The first choice is rice or rice noodles, but the noodles are the cheap white version, not the excellent Singapore style that they should be using. So, they put a boat load of white rice on bottom of plastic bowl (to stay) and then for about $10 bucks, I would have gotten four medium sized shrimps. After that, it was a medley of what looked like two frozen veggies choices and some standard sauces (those should be grilled with the meat). The concept seems like a Mongolian grill without the grill part and the good value. I never made it down the line because I don't get taken to the Scottsdale cleaners, everyone else does. Skip this pretender unless your one of "those" born every minute.
5	Phenomenal fast gourmet healthy asian in a Chipotle model. I would highly recommend the grilled shrimp w/ the fresh mango kafir. Oh freaking wow! Tastegasm.
1	Mediocre (at best) food for an extraordinary price! Let's compare:Foosia Chicken Bowl vs. Typical Teriyaki Bowl Place:Price $8.50 vs. $5.00Made to order: No vs. YesLarge Portion: No vs. $1.00White Meat: No vs. $.50Brown Rice: Yes vs. YesAll veggie: Yes vs. YesDifferent Sauces: Yes vs. YesI ordered a chicken bowl with brown rice. They had no all-white-meat option for the chicken, which irked me. Every decent fast food asian-bowl place I've been to has this option and they charge less per meal. They gave me a decent amount of chicken but only because I raised my eyebrows and glared at the guy when he gave me one scoop of chicken before trying to pile on the veggies. But the chicken is fatty and very oily. I will not be returning.
4	Awesome concept. Healthy, quick Asian bowl,  yum! It was a little confusing first timer. Wish there was more help with choosing the sauces. Also,  the meat portions seem to be a bit skimpy. Overall though four stars for flavor and quality.  Restaurant was very clean and staff were friendly.
3	Lots of choices for the healthy eaters. Large portions, of course loaded with rice. Delicious if you like pre-cooked food kept warm until eaten. I expected more. Lots of choices of beverages with a quirky selection of sodas with a healthy twist, like dry cucumber. Doesn't seem to be mainstream.  Some like it that way.
4	I can either see this place taking off OR miserably flopping. I say this because I have been in twice now during prime dinner time and it's always dead. The food is great though and I like the variety of choices they offer. The staff is always very helpful and happy to serve you which is an added bonus in this type of restaurant. I just hope that they are doing enough to get people in the door. The only reason I even knew about this place or thought I should try it was because it is in the same strip mall as my daughter's weekly guitar lesson. Regarding the food for those that do not know: You start with a base of rice or noodles, add a protein (tofu available), veggies, sauce, and toppings. It's very much designed like Chipotle in that aspect but think fresh (fast), asian food.
4	Foosia:  the Vietnamese ChipotleSeriously.Start with a base:  rice, noodles, mixed greens, or flatbreadAdd a protein:  chicken, steak, shrimp, tofu, pork...top it off with veggies and sauce...then extras like peanuts, crispy wontons, lime squeeze, slaw, or shallotsI made a sweet bun-style bowl with both mixed greens and rice noodles.  I topped it off with peanut sauce and crushed peanuts.  The chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection and the the veggies were fresh.  I enjoyed this lunch for sure!
5	If you love Chipotle and want it to be Asian... This is your place. I hate to compare it to Chipotle though.... Because this is definitely and original concept that is much more delusions. I love fast casual dining. Also the store is very clean and the manager is very nice! Must try this!
5	Foosia has excellent service and very tasty food. The steak was delicious. The place was also very spacious and clean, and they get bonus points for having recycling cans.
4	My wife and I had seen this place a few times and were intrigued. We were even more intrigued when we heard it was an oriental version of Chipotle. We decided to give it a try and loved it. You get to choose when goes in your bowl, like: rice, protein, veggies, sauces, and extras. It would be nice if they used white meat chicken. We were assured that each choice was made to compliment the others. So, you really couldn't make a poor combination. We loved it and would go back.
4	What a great new restaurant in the Scottsdale Airpark area! I can see how it would be quick and easy (and healthy!) for lunch, but we came here for dinner on a Friday night. It was quite slow at 6:15 so the gal behind the counter was super patient with us. I got the brown rice, chicken, steamed veggies, and mango-lime sauce with a half ladle of the peanut sauce. Yum-o! It is so cool how you can select your sauces and there are about 8 to choose from. And its great how they mix and match so you can blend your own flavors. I appreciated how I could taste the sauces before committing to one. There was plenty of food and even for dinner, I only ate about half. I didn't like that it was dark meat chicken; I am a white meat kinda girl. But overall a fan, and with how quick, easy and convenient it is, I am planning on coming back!
4	Enjoying a great healthy and great-tasting lunch. It's nice to give business to a locally owned non-franchised restaurant. If you are in the area and want a fast and healthy alternative, check them out. Grilled shrimp and lime sauce are great. The chillies and cucumber rock too.
1	I've come here a handful of times but I have to give this place a 1 and will never come back based purely off one of the owners being a complete asshole. I think there are 2 owners and 1 is actually very nice, I don't know how to describe him other then well groomed, friendly and the shorter one of the two. The asshole is the big heavy set one who walks around barking orders at employees with never a smile.I came here on a Sunday and it was quiet with no one else in the place. I couldn't decide between the rice and salad base and the cute young girl working said I can do half/half. I did that and I asked for extra red peppers and extra cucumbers. Like Chipotle, the trays can get pretty big so she had a hard time closing it. As soon as the owner noticed he said she shouldn't be filling it that high and it gives the customers 2 bowls for the price of 1 and was a complete dick about it. Then he turns to me and says how they can't do that anymore to keep the price fair for everyone. WTF. #1 I didn't fill the bowl, #2 the girl was so nice, friendly and helpful which is pretty uncommon for what's considered a fast-food chain so he should be more appreciative of his employees, and #3 I think he was under the impression I got "double protein" which I didn't. So before he goes off on employees and customers like an unprofessional hungry asshole, maybe he should learn some customer service skills first especially considering this is a new business. He made me feel like I was trying to rip the place off. Even if he thought I did ask for double protein, just charge me extra for it like any other place would instead of flying off the handle.
4	Yum - love this quick, casual, reasonably priced Asian concept restaurant.  We enjoyed rice, steak, veggies and a little sauce...super fresh and pretty healthy too.  Love the fast, make your own concept!
4	The food is very good and the vegetables are fresh, and the service is great too...but there is one problem.  For what it is, it's very overpriced.  If you aren't picky about prices, then this place is great.
2	It was ok ....I expected much more from reviews, way to much rice and just didn't do it for me...Or if was ORGANIC would have made a whole lot more of a difference....Sorry not a winner 4 me...=/// And My husband would not eat here and had to watch him eat at Ling & Louies....That sucked...=///////// Not feelin this at alll........??!!?
2	First off- Like one of the other posters on Yelp, I feel a little guilty giving only 2 stars as I too REALLY like the concept. However, the devil is in the details and the execution and I just thought this is where they fall short. First of all, liked the ingredients, but for some reason they just didn't work well together. I also thought that the 4 separate bowls we ordered were VERY light on sauce. So much so that it was often difficult to discern the flavor as it was outweighed by the blandness of the noodles and protein.  Blandness that is EXCEPT for the crispy tofu. NOW- if you look at the menu online it CLEARLY says crispy tofu. What it DOES NOT say is that it is VERY spicy. So, when ordering a children's bowl with crispy tofu, and asking for a non-spicy sauce to accompany it that a kid would like-  one would think that the person on the other end would bring up the fact that the tofu is VERY spicy. So much so that it was hot for my palate and I like spice. Too much so for a seven year old who happily took her bite of two pieces of tofu chewed and swallowed before she realized just how hot it was. Between cries, coughs from the spice, and a glass of milk, lets just say I had to fix something else for my daughter. The chicken was fine and so was my wife's shrimp. BUT Seriously, if you have a 'children's bowl' on the menu, AND Tofu is a choice, you probably ought to: (a) Call it SPICY CRISPY TOFU (b) Recommend that if the children's bowl is for a child, you recommend something OTHER than the TOFU!!I would have let it slide if this was the lunch rush, but the place was empty and it seemed to be that the owner/manager was actually running the show. I mean seriously, not sure what they were thinking. Or maybe they just weren't??
5	Absolutely incredible!!! I am trying out veganism and wow, this is the go to place!! The have a crispy tofu bowl, and vegan sauces, everything was crazy fresh. And not to mention, the staff member helping me (Daniel or mike I can't remember ha) was so knowledgable about the food and the ingredients and was very kind and patient with my questions and nutritional needs :) This is my new go to place!!
5	Great concept restaurant. Fresh and delish! The device is great the place is clean and best if all the food is fresh!
5	I took my family here tonight. The staff was friendly, courteous, and helpful. The food was amazing! Normally I finish my meals no problem. I was totally stuffed and had to take some home. It was quality food that really filled you up and their selection of additions really make your order unique.
5	The food was great and the service was exceptional! I'm not a big fast food girl but this place was healthy, tasty and super fast! I'm vegetarian and my boyfriend is a true carnivore and we both loved the food! The restaurant space was super comfortable and VERY clean! We'll be back!
5	One of my new favorite restaurants! I have been there 5-6 times to date and loved it every time. Great food and healthy options - from brown rice to flavorful wok-glazed veggies to spicy tofu (or any protein) I am hooked!I love their fooster sauce! And try mixing it with the peanut sauce - yum.Overall, great quality and delicious taste.The employees are incredibly friendly and helpful and receptive to your needs. If you don't know what meat you'll like just ask to sample!The owner also is very nice and seems to be very interested in feedback!Hope it spreads like wildfire. I'll be back before I return to PVD.
5	The food here is absolutely delicious!  I'm obsessed with this restaurant.  The staff is so friendly and the owner is regularly there and makes it a point to make sure his customers are taken care of.  I love this place!
5	I will be back - tomorrow!Fantastic fresh food. I am so impressed with this restaurant. Quality ingredients, fresh preparation, great flavors, reasonable prices. My bowl with steak, the Korean BBQ sauce, steamed veggies and a couple of toppings was great. At first I thought the amount of sauce they put on may have been too light but I elected to trust them and I was glad. The sauces are bold and well flavored. You don't need a lot to create a good dish.Prices were good too. I was happy that a large iced tea was only $2. I went to another fast casual restaurant like this yesterday where a large was $3.50. No price gouging here.
4	The employees were amazing, and they let me try the sauces before I ordered. I love dark meat chicken and it was delicious. They also let me know we can put as much sauce as you want, so get some on the side if you like a lot of sauce. It was very much like Chipotle in that the food is sitting there waiting to be used. I loved it here. Not every place is for everyone but I can't wait to go back. It was soooo goood!!!
5	Tried this place for the first time last week. Service was fantastic. The restaurant reminded me of an asian chipotle. The prices are really reasonable for what you get. The food is prepared and cooked on the premises. I loved how fresh and tasty everything was. The sauces were also very delicious. The restaurant had a modern vibe, appeared to be environmentally conscious (recycle bin, biodegradable plates, etc.). It was also incredibly clean inside. Will definitely be going back:)
5	When they first opened, back in March or April of this year, they sent out coupons in the neighborhood mailers, which is how I learned about them. VEGAN INFO:I needed the skinny on their vegan options for a vegan site, so I spoke with a manager and requested a list of their ingredients.  She was very helpful and patient, and luckily Foosia has a list of the ingredients for all of their sauces and toppings (I promise you, not every restaurant/eatery does). All of the sauces are vegan except the Muay Thai Vinaigrette, which contains a fish byproduct.  As for the toppings, everything was vegan except for the hard boiled eggs (duh), and  the crispy wonton wrappers, which contain eggs. My most recent visit:I went in tonight, after 8:30pm (they close at 9pm), thinking I'd just see if they had anything left that still looked fresh.  It's extremely rare that I eat past 7pm, but Manic Monday + back to school shopping left me drained and in need of healthy nourishment, STAT. As I peeked through the looking glass searching for the tofu, one of the employees offered to help me. "Are you out of tofu?" I asked.  He said, "Yes, but we can make some more."  I was like, "No, that's ok. I know it's almost closing time." But he insisted and assured me that it was no problem, and he was very genuine about it.  It had been a few months since I visited so I couldn't recall which sauce was my fav.  He happily allowed me to taste a few and my Holy Foobanero (a spicy sauce with a hit of sweetness) love was rediscovered.  By the time my sauce taste test was over, my tofu was ready.  The employee (maybe he was a manager; if he isn't, he deserves a promotion) asked if I'd like to dine in; I graciously declined.  As he packed my to-go order, he re-assured me that I was welcome back any time.  Usually when you enter an establishment close to closing time you're greeted with the daggers-of-death stares and major attitude. Not here.  The man (should be manager), and even the cook would cooked up my fresh order of tofu, was so very nice and friendly that it really put a smile on my face. It also made me feel bad for taking so long to come back.  The food? My (late) vegan meal consisted of brown rice, tofu, wok glazed veggies (which were still fresh), fresno chiles, green onions, and extra Holy Foobanero.  It was so fresh and so good. Simply delicious. Filling too, yet not heavy. I could only eat 1/2 of it. I did notice that the prices increased slightly; a tofu bowl was $7.50 in April, now it's $8. Just an observation. I like that they seem to be eco-friendly too, from the to-go containers to the napkins. And they have designated recycle bins inside the restaurant, which has a nice, large, clean, open dining area. So again, the food in and of itself is very good (healthy, fresh, & flavorful!), but the excellent customer service kicked my experience up several more notches.  I will frequent them much more often.
4	I really enjoy this place.  I've been here several times and it's always been delicious.  The serving sizes are large and enough for two meals if you can keep yourself from eating it all at once.  I also like the taste of their green iced tea.
5	I don't know why Yelp shows this place closed, they're definitely not! I really like this place. I think it could be the next chipotle (asian twist) franchise... It was clean, and the staff was friendly.I have brown rice and noodles, chicken and tofu, and all the fixings. Tofu was spicy (yumm), Fresno chilies were wicked hot!I wish they had a place in Phoenix!!I would definitely put invest in their stock!!!!
5	I love this place and am totally addicted! I actually feel good about myself when I walk out stuffed, and full of healthy stir fry veggies and protein. For the base, I usually get just the mixed greens to keep the carbs down, and don't miss the rice or noodles. With the toppings, you can really get as much or as little flavor as you want. You can expect to pay about $10 for a bowl and drink for lunch, worth every penny.
1	4 shrimp.......that's all you get....4 shrimp
5	Love this place.  Like an Asian Chipotle.  The peanut sauce on top of a Salad or noodles is great!  The food is good and the place is clean.  Highly recommend for fast, inexpensive Asian fusion.
4	Foosia is perfect for a quick lunch or a long meal with a big group--especially when everyone wants something personalized or different. The sauces are great, the food seems to always be freshly prepared, and they make your tofu to order and based on your preference for spicy-ness. Some might not like that the noodles are cold, but I found it kind of refreshing. Also, they serve China Mist tea and real sugar soda (bottled) which both pair perfectly with spicy Asian food.
1	Don't even waste your time, food quality poor, we had high hopes for this place but what a disappointment.  We took one bite and headed for the trash!  Pei Wei blows this place away.  The only good feedback I can give is the restaurant was clean...
1	Ugggggg...this will be quick and to the point.Employes were, how can I say this nicely...stupid. Protein portions were terrible. Steak was saturated in soy sauce, veggies were shriveled and so over cooked. Nothing seemed to be fresh. Came in to order for a family of 4 and the employe asked me if I need a bag? Really? Cashier did not know if I needed to sign the receipt..clueless! So, needless to say we will not be going back.
4	It was my first time here this afternoon, and I was quite impressed! The staff was pleasant and welcoming, the atmosphere was clean and modern, and the food was great as well! I liked the way of ordering your bowl, much like it is done at Chipotle. It felt very healthy in the various options they provided, and they have less drinks in addition to regular sodas
1	Awful...the pork was so dry, no taste, veggies were nothing special, mostly onion and carrots, because they are cheap. The sauce (Thai) was bad, not even sure what it tasted like. Very expensive for what I got. I will never go back. No wonder it was half empty at lunch!
4	Food was tasty and healthy which is always nice. I tried all the sauces and they were all tasty. Jerry did a great job going above and beyond to make sure my wife was happy with the way the steak was cooked. He Came and brought to food to us although it's not required in non-full service eateries. I had the shrimp, came with 5 good size pieces. We will definitely be back to try some more variations at this place. It's definitely worth a try if you like asian food and enjoy rice bowls. Good alternative to burrito bowls at chipotle.
5	Just had a fabulous meal! I created my dish with marinated steak, brown rice, Korean BBQ sauce topped with Thai fresh spices and bean sprouts. So fresh! So YUMMY!
5	I will keep this review succinct.  I rarely give five stars to a quick service restaurant, and you should definitely know Foosi earned it!The counter help was all smiles, answered any question I had, and one of the girls even picked around the onions for me in the vegetable mix so I would not have to have them on my dish!But it is truly the food that steals the show here. You build your own fresh stirfry. You can choose Jasmine or brown rice, your choice of protein (pick the spicy crispy tofu... Some of the best tofu i have eaten and they make it fresh for each customer!), vegetables, and very creative additions, including pickled cucumbers, fresh bean sprouts, and unique Asian sauces. I chose the muy thai... Sweet, pungent, light. Very authentic to Thai cuisine.Long story short, this place needs to expand into a chain or franchise immediately. If they had this in Philadelphia, I would eat there multiple times a week!
4	If Chipotle had an asian sibling, it would be Foosia. I believe there is so much potential to their concept. The flavor choices they offer are both original and familiar. Original because they put their own twist on the usual and familiar because you can easily identify the sweet, spicy, tangy asian flavors.The place is clean and the staff were very helpful. They did not have a lot of customers when we visited but I guess it was because we got there very late. I would think the place becomes busy during lunch and dinner.The ordering order. First selection, the bowl. Its just there way of saying choose your carbs. They offer jasmine rice, brown rice, noodles and flat bread. You can also go all greens if you don't feel like carbo loading. Next choice, your protein. They have pork, beef, chicken, shrimp and tofu. Third in line are the veggies. The customers can make a choice on how they want the veggies cooked. It can be a quick stir fry or steamed. Fourth station is the sauce choices. I had the Kim Jong-Who??? BBQ and my wife tried the Two nuts walk into a bar. Yes, they have weird names but it does give a good idea of what to expect (lets touch on the sauce a little bit more later). The last stop is for the toppings section. The choices are crispy wantons, thai herbs, peanuts, shallots and many more.Like I said, the sauce. It makes a difference. Kim Jong-Who??? BBQ is as you guess it, a korean bbq sauce. Sweet and spicy. It has a great kick that cuts through the sweetness of the bbq sauce. Sweet and spicy is always... ALWAYS...a good combination. My wife had the Two nuts walk into a bar. Yes, you got it right, peanut sauce. If you like the  southeast asian flavor of Malaysia and Thailand, this is your sauce. It has a balanced hint of soy sauce and coconut that would satisfy your craving for some salty and creamy finish.The combination of carbs, properly cooked protein, veggies, tasty sauce, some fresh herbs and a topping of crunchy wantons or peanuts would definitely make every bite an experience. There are layers and layers of flavors and textures that would really make the meal interesting. The fusion at Foosia is a spoonful that is worth a try.more reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	We found this little gem close by and are so glad we did! Their service was excellent (hard to come by these days) and the food was great! It is a mix between Pei Wei and chipotle! Will definitely be back!
4	The concept is good. The decor is great, and the employees, although yes, they are young as some people pointed out, they were very friendly.Unfortunately, a restaurant comes down to the food.  It always comes down to the food, and in this case, it was not good.It was 6:30PM on a Friday night, and the place was empty, which should have been a warning, but we went in anyway.  The protein in the warmers up front was old, old, old.   The only thing that saved our meal was the fact that we both wanted tofu, which is cooked to order.  The rest of the food (the rices and vegetables) were also old, bit not as critical to the dish.  You can keep rice in a warner a long time and its still good.We sampled several of the sauces and they were all wonderful, a nice blend of sweet and spicy, good texture and color, I can't say enough positive things about the sauces, but unless something changes with the other food, this place will not last.  Especially when the official Chipotle version of Asian food makes its way to Phoenix.A couple came in after us and left because they didn't eat tofu, and I don't blame them.  I understand that you don't want to waste food if there are no customers, but its a vicious circle because you won't have customers without fresh food.  Why can't all of it be cooked to order? At least until you are constantly busy?  For those sauces, I would wait.
5	A must try! The food is fresh, healthy, and delicious. The staff is super friendly . A great new concept that  is sure to be a hit!
5	Foosia has become a new favorite for the family...  The food is always fresh and the employees are super friendly!Love this place...
5	Great food, great atmosphere, great place for a healthy and light lunch.  Be sure to mix things up and try different sauces with your box.  Been here multiple times and it's always delicious.
2	So disappointing-  After two visits both times the chicken and shrimp were terrible.  Shrimp were overcooked and chewy while the chicken was overdone as well. The veggies and rice are fine as so are the sauces.  Friendly quick service but the quality isn't there.
5	Once again back at my favorite lunch spot in Scottsdale.  Don't be shy when it comes to mixing up the bowls with sauces....you can't go wrong.  Fresh food anytime of the day is always a good thing!!
5	I love Foosia when I need a quick, healthy meal. Lightly cooked veggies and rice noodles are my favorite. And my 10 month old likes it!!
3	The good: great flavors- the pork is delicious, different options, clean and friendly teamThe bad: this is my first time here so my biggest concern was the temperature of the food. I came for a late lunch, I get it, but didn't feel like the items were super fresh or hot. I think this would have been different should I have come during lunch or dinner hour. My other suggestion: the sauces should've served warm, not cold.Overall, I enjoyed it and would try it again. Love the concept.
3	Asian Chipotle where you choose your bowl, protein, vegetables,  sauce and toppings. I chose the Jasmine Rice, Marinated Steak, Wok Glazed Vegetables with the Kim Jong BBQ Korean Sauce, Bean Sprouts topped with green onions and cilantro. Was tasty with a very slight kick. After you sit down you should mix your bowl so you get a good mixture of everything or you will get a spoon full of cilantro. The menu as you come up to the counter resembles Chipotle,  the only thing missing is the tortillas. Good concept from chipotle style, kind of on the pricey side for $8.90 for the Marinated Steak Bowl since they were on the skimpy side of steak. The restaurant was very clean and liked the soda fountain for refills. Definitely a good place to come by for a quick meal and may be back again in the near future.
5	This is fantastic! The perfect place for meat-eaters and veggie lovers alike :) Staff is friendly, food is fresh and tasty...what more could you want :)
