3	Nice little sports themed casino. It's cleaner than most downtown casinos. They do have some funky variations on blackjack and better odds on craps to entice more people to play. There's a small poker room too. I've played here a few times. The minimums are good too. The dealers have always been pretty friendly. I haven't stayed in the rooms, so can't comment on that. You could do much worse downtown, trust me.
1	Good LORD this was probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  All that was missing was a crackpipe and a police body outline on the ground.  I was even afraid to take off my socks in my own room!!   BUT you get what you pay for and I did pay a ridiculously low price to stay here.
2	Really aweful place.  The food sucks and you can't win anything here.  Kinda run down too.  A better place is Main Street across the street.
2	You get what you pay for.  It was barely $30 a night and right on Fremont Street.  I don't care what they try to tell you- all the so called cartoony disney-like glitz and glam on the strip tries to hide what Las Vegas really is... FREMONT STREET.  This is where all the neon lights are and the cheese-iness of what Las Vegas is known for. I imagine the hotel may have been lovely back in its day.  You can see the little touches where back in its time it may have been classy.  Now, the decor is out of date in the rooms very 80s, with paint peeling on the walls, holes and stains on the chairs, but non-the-less roomy for it's price.  If you read the mandatory pricing posted this room was originally $250 back in its day... true or not don't pay any more than $30 bucks for this place. When you pay $30 for a place, don't be silly or expecting a four star hotel or even Motel 6.Oh and what was scary was that the boxspring had a clear plastic cover shrink wrapped to encase it- clear sign that there was a bed bug issue but hey looks like they took care of it, right?
3	How can I complain, when we paid $33 for a Friday night?  Seriously, I just reviewed the Rio's Seafood Buffet which cost more than that.Our room was soo much bigger than I was expecting. Sparse in furniture, and yeah, the lamps were weirdly stucco'd or something.  I can't even give a date for the decor.  And yes, the carpets absolutely had stains on them.  And I am thanking God that I am 3/4 of the way to being legally blind, b/c when I took my shower the next morning where the showerhead was clearly not environmentally friendly & I was standing in about 3-inches-above-my-ankles of stopped up water from when I started my shower---when I got a load of the ring around the tub after I put in my contacts, I definitely gagged, almost threw up -- but lucky paranoid me, I had stood outside the shower and scrubbed my feet & ankles before toweling off.Anyway, I think you absolutely get what you pay for.  And it's a pretty good deal, considering what I've heard about some other places.  Maybe all my good deals jinxed my luck, cuz this was my first trip in 7 where I didn't win enough to break even, but oh well, so goes it.  So if you're like us, where all you need is a place to crash, and you don't mind precariously balancing on one foot outside the shower to finish the shower, check this place out :)
3	I stopped in here just to wet my whistle.  Had a couple of good drinks at the bar.  They were reasonably priced but more expensive than the Golden Gate across the street.  Then decided to give the roulette wheel a couple spins and quickly lost $100.It was like 2:30 AM when I was there, and other than the people at the bar, the casino looked pretty well deserted.  Have never stayed here, but they do offer some very inexpensive room rates on the internet sites.
1	Rooms were clean and reasonably priced. Location wise a C- as it is far from the strip and all of the action especially on a long weekend when Las Vegas Blvd is a parking lot and so is Highway 15. Very loud at night - with live music from the performers below echoing throughout the building through the night. Not recommended if you want to get some sleep. Not recommended for families
4	It is what it is, you get what you pay for!!  I was pleased when they upgraded me to a suite!!  The people that worked there were very friendly and helpful.  If you want luxury stay at the Wynn, if you want a cheap room and a good value stay here!
2	A ho-hum casino and they waste a perfectly good table by offering "crapless craps" (which gives the house a much bigger edge -- don't ever play it!)  Lots of old folks and, well, not much else.  Makes a nice air conditioned cut-through from the Golden Gate to the Cal if you're not in the mood to deal with bright sunshine.  There's better action elsewhere on Fremont.
1	We needed a place to stay for one night because we couldn't check into Bally's on a Saturday and we wanted to try a downtown hotel once. Since this seemed to be the cheapest ($50), this hotel got our business. What a dive! The room was dirty and we didn't want to touch anything. The only good thing was that we were able to hang out downtown and then just walk back to our room.
1	What  a mistake to stay here.my Wife and I found a deal for $13.00 a night on the internet. when we arrived they gave a room in the south tower.   that room had a bad smoke odor,  the carpet had cigarette holes and filthy stains.  pictures were stolen off the walls .  bed was harder than a rock .  loud  construction noise outside our window. paint peeling off the furniture.  filthy floors in bathroom.  toilet ran all night. when we went to complain the next morning to the front desk they young girl who did not seem to care did not offer a refund and told us that we were put in a smoking room even though i paid for a non smoking one.her offer was to give us another room.when we went in there the bathtub had a bunch of black crap on the bottom. we went back to the desk and i demanded another room in which they gave us a room in the newer north tower. this place has gone downhill and they do not care about their guests
2	This hotel is CHEAP! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want to party it up on Fremont though because the price for the hotel room is cheaper than than the cost of me and my girlfriend getting a cab ride home.     The room is reasonably clean, but lets face it...it's not the Bellagio....it's not even close in opulance and elegance to some of its neighboring properties.  I would however imagine though that it is better than say....the Gold Spike which is a property in the middle of a horrible gehto or possibly some of those "by the hour"hotels.  Basically though if you are the kind of person who doesn't spend alot of time in your hotel room while on vacation hit this up and doesn't want to spent alot of money on a room this is the place for you.Top 3 Qualties1.  Cheaper than a Cab Ride Home2.  a Hillarious Claw Machine (like the kind you get stuffed animals out of) that has lobsters in it.3.  Did I mention it's cheaper than a cab ride homeWorst Qualities 1.  Good luck finding a working ice machine2.  Boards.......sorry I mean beds3.  You get what you pay for
3	people keep calling fremont hotels 'dumps'.   most of them are vintage & no frills, but w/tons of soul.   if you want lux, do the golden nugget, it's the classiest, ritziest on fremont.  i enjoyed my room at the vegas club.  it was similiar to the plaza rooms, only bigger.  there's currently an awesome, fun soul band playing there for free( thurs-sat i believe).   self-parking at 4pm on a friday was terrible; garage full.  if i didn't know of the option of parking at the plaza across the street, i don't know what i would've done(probably park on a dodgy public street a mile away).  i wouldn't pay more than $30 to stay here, regardless of which night it is.
2	I love Fremont Street, but I don't really care to stay here again.  I've always stayed on the strip and decided I wanted to spend a weekend at Fremont instead of having to drive/bus/taxi back and forth from the strip.We were stuck in the South Tower that had one functioning elevator.  When we inquired about it, we were told the second one had been out of operation for 4 months and they didn't know when someone would get around to fixing it.  We were on one of the lower floors and every time we tried to leave, the elevator would be completely packed so we would be stuck waiting for the next one.  On Average it took 30 - 40 mins of waiting before we could get onto the elevator!
3	The rooms have been worked on since we went there last year.  Our 'suite' had a couch and two chairs and a nice dorm sized refrigerator.  Not too bad.  The bed was pretty poor since it was low to the floor and had no spring left in it.  The casino downstairs was not too busy even on a Saturday night.With that being said,  we were 'Downtown Baby' , real vegas, smoky, and gritty.  What else do you want.You cross on street and you're at the Plaza.  Cut back through  the casino and you're at the Californian which has a bridge to Main Street Station.The best of all was they comped our rooms!  Nice trip... Probably will be back...
3	i stayed here for my birthday weekend with my 3 friends. we wanted to stay away from the strip. The hotel is okay. It's not a 5 star hotel, but i wasnt expecting it to be, but wasnt terrible. I wish it was a bit cleaner, i might bring my own covers next time... All in all, it was a fun trip, we all paid 30 bucks each for the hotel, so we got what we paid for!. But i do know that i will always hang out on fremont instead of the strip.
2	The rooms here are cheap and you get what you pay for.The gambling here is the best on Fremont.  Low minimum bets make it really fun in my opinion.Definitely try the lobster tank skill crane.  It is $2 and you can try to catch a live lobster.  Highlight of my trip hands down.  If you are coming off of Fremont, walk past the cages and keep going.  It's across from Tinoco's Kitchen.
1	This has got to be the worst place I've ever stayed in my life.  I did find this hotel on vegas.com, and I did get an insane deal ($23 bucks total) for a Sunday night.The highlight of this stay was being so darn close to Fremont Street, and the Lobster crane right across from Tonochi's kitchen restaurant.The elevator was old and rickety, and I was so afraid that the cable would snap and I would plummet to my death.  The room wasn't much better.  I was afraid to walk around barefoot, let alone even contemplate using the shower.  The windows in this room actually opened up, and they were old, so all the noise from Fremont St. could be heard, even up on the 6th floor.Even though it was a really really good deal on the room, you won't catch me staying at this hotel EVER AGAIN!!!!!
5	OK, so I have not stayed in the hotel, but I am sure it is exactly what you would expect for a older, low budget downtown casino, which means if you are only looking for a dirt cheap place to crash, it probably is OK.  My rating is based on the casino.  The reason for my rating is that it is the only hotel/casino I found in Vegas that still has at least some coin slots.  They are slowly phasing in the newer, coinless machines, but I applaud them for being one of the last to do so.  Sorry, but that lame beeping sound from the new machines on payout is just annoying and fake.  I like to hear the actual coins drop down out of the machine, one by one.  I miss the excitement of carrying a big bucket of coins up to the counter and watching them be counted, having no idea how much I have won or loss until I see the final count.  I also miss the old 3 reel, 3 credit quarter machines, especially the ones with the bonus games that often pay back more than you put in to play them.  Not to mention being able to scrounge up any loose change I have and drop it in a machine for a few extra plays.  And this is the only casino I have found anywhere, downtown, strip, or off-strip, that still has the quarter 'Winning Streak', 'X-Factor', and 'Stampede' games.  Granted, they are a bit rackety and worn out, even the sound effects do not work properly on a couple of them, but they are my favorite machines from the last decade I have been going to Vegas, because they are so cheesy, and the bonus rounds are a mixture of fun, strange, annoying, and amusing.  And last time I was there, I made a profit on each one that I played, so they still pay out and hit the bonuses. But downtown Vegas is a special type of place for a special type of person.  Ever since I saw 'Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas', I have had a special, sordid but respectful appreciation of downtown Vegas.   If you want the latest and greatest, and to be inundated with luxury, stay on the strip.  But if you want a taste of cheesy and seediness of the bygone days of Vegas, Fremont Street is where it is at.  After all, how can you resist a casino with a bingo parlor???
1	This place is the cheapest hotel I have stayed in in downtown Vegas.  But you definitely get what you pay for.  There is a $50 mandatory deposit when you check in that is supposed to be refundable but I still haven't received my money back.  I have been calling to find out what happened as well and 3 messages later, still no call back.  Customer service at the front desk was not good either.  I paid for my stay through priceline, and because I did not get there at check in time, the hotel canceled my reservation.  I got there around 5pm.  The front desk told me that I have to call priceline for them to call the hotel.  Why should I have to call priceline?  If they need to talk to the hotel, the hotel should have called them.  I stayed calm the whole time and got ahold of priceline and they spoke with the front desk.  Then the front desk told me that it would be at least 20 minutes until they get things figured out.  Alrighty, I went to go eat some yummy food at Tinoco's located in the hotel.  Where the young lady that worked there was awesome and so was their food.  After I was done eating, went back to front desk, ask them if it got figured out yet, and they said, oh, they haven't been contacted yet.  I stood there waiting for them to say, we'll give them a call.  But nope.  I had to ask if they would please call their reservations desk and figure it out.  They were still hesitant to do that but did anyway.  Things were still not figured out.  We still had to wait another 20 min, and then finally they said, we can put you in a room.Would not stay here again.  Only good things were their snack bar and the valet ppl.
2	One of the worst hotels I've stayed in, but I guess I should've expected that for 49 bucks a night for two people and 2 double beds. You get what you pay for so that's why I'm giving it two stars instead of one. Quite possibly the thinest and most uncomfortable mattress I've ever slept on. Other than that it's loud, old, and dated. On the brighter side the sheets and towels were clean and it's conveniently located on Fremont Street! If you're basically looking for a place to stash your things, park your car, and need a "base camp" while partying and gambling everywhere else in town this one's for you!
1	Ha ha we stayed here a few years ago.  My first time staying down town.The price was pretty good, but i would rather pay more and have more.I'm not high maintenance but I do like my room service coffee in the morning at least, and they had no refrigerator in the room.  The people here are run down old broke men, and last time we  walked in to play a couple games it smelled sooo bad of old man farts we stopped dead in our tracks, turned around and left! No more for me.
3	I'm gonna be straight up & honest with you here, I'm giving this place a relatively decent review but that's mostly because I walked in here and sat at a blackjack table for all of 15 minutes and left $150 richer!  If the same thing happened to you in Vegas, you'd be just as happy too...Unfortunately that's sorta the end of the good here.  Well, actually there's another good thing and that is that the blackjack tables here are relatively generous in comparison to the others in downtown, considering...  The dealers are pretty friendly and the people that play are decent and not all that hardcore.  I'd say a lot of the people I saw playing were either really trashed or were getting trashed while playing here, so yah...  It's basically a dive kind of casino.The rest of it is your typical Las Vegas casino with your usual table games of poker, roulette, craps, etc.  Like I said above, I think most people come here when they're trashed or just need a pick me up after losing their shirt at the other places on the strip or around downtown.  The place is kinda slummy but the nice thing is it's relatively safe as long you keep yourself clear of what obviously looks like trouble.  If you're looking for a clean and well kept establishment, this place is definitely not where you want to go.  Even for a downtown casino in Vegas, this place could probably use a little help in cleanliness but oh well...  It serves its purpose for a cheap place to finish off a night of gambling or if you need to try and see if you can turn what's left of your luck around.Like I said, don't come here expecting to party too hard and get the so-called "Vegas Experience" as this place is far from it.  Come here to start or end your night if anything, just don't be surprised if you come out feeling like you need a shower or more...
3	CASINO REVIEW ONLY:I have always walked by here but never really gambled here. No machines ever really called to me. Until yesterday. OMG!I had a great weekend or shall I say stay-cation. I guess its just plain more fun when you win. I played a few machines and lost too but won way more than I lost and had a blast doing it. Let's just be real. this place is very old and historic but that just lends to its charm. Im not saying Ive ever stayed in the hotel, frankly b/c I'd be too scared the ghosts I'd see... and maybe they might kick me out of the bed. But this is definitely a locals' casino and I like gambling there. Its definitely added to my rotation.
4	Who doesn't love a old school casino with go-go dancers right by the roulette wheel!We had never played roulette before and the dealer was very patient and helped us through the process. We definitely didn't get rich but we had a great time and they were really good about keeping the Crown & Cokes coming while we were betting.We will be back next trip.
1	Wish I could give it half a star or zero stars. This place is a dump, a total sh_thole! I've never stayed in the hotel but I can ONLY imagine they are no better than the gaming floor. This place is dark and dirty looking inside. On my first trip through the casino I found near the back of ground floor by some sort of restaurant they have a sick demented claw machine that for a few bucks allows you to try an capture a live sedated looking rubber banded Lobster with a claw you control. If you capture one with claw apparently the restaurant will cook it for you free of charge. I felt bad for these guys (the casino for stoopping so low, and the lobsters most of all) I admit it's a unique machine but not the kind that would interest me. Nice try.The only thing it has going for it'self is loose slots, that they probably just loosen to get ANYONE to come in, my friend won $97 on a slot here after putting in just a 5 dollar bill, they foolishly didn't cash out and lost it all back to the machine. If you win here take your money and run! Believe me besides the slots there is no reason to step a foot inside. The times I played slots here I never once saw a cocktail waitress pass us. Avoid this place at all costs.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!This has to be the worst hotel I've ever encountered. Between losing my reservation, having only 1 elevator that works (it comes every 30 minutes and most of the time is full), and a very RUDE security guard who wouldn't let me charge my cell phone at a wall outlet in the lobby and who physically accosted me, I will NEVER stay here again, nor would I recommend this place to anyone. The one plus is free wifi in the lobby that let me write this review.
2	Stayed here June 23-28. Not going to complain about the cheap price, but as everybody should know by now, "you get what you pay for". And since this is downtown LV, not on the strip, don't expect much either.The lobby and casino floor doesn't seem too bad, but not so much the elevators...to get to my room I would need to use the South Tower Elevator. It takes a REALLY long time...can't stress that enough. BUT I have been tipped off by an employee here that I could use their Service Elevator which is a bit quicker. But I've heard that to fix the elevators it would cost some million dollars... Then I entered my room...wasn't impressed especially because the chairs, blankets, table, even TV were very outdated. Don't know if its because they want to keep the feel of the old Vegas or they don't care to modernize just a little bit (at least the blankets).And Tinoco's Kitchen is decent...eat here if youre too lazy to go on the strip.
1	I stayed here while attending a multiple day music event.Front desk took about an hour and a half to check-in (only 4 people in line, rediculous!)1 elevator barely worked going up to our room and there was a long line to use it ( took 20min to go from lobby to our floor : /  )Room looked rundown like it hadn't been fixed up since the early 80'sNo good foodBad casinoNo POOL...DO NOT STAY HERE unless it's your last option
1	Crap-tacular. That's the only word I could find that could possibly explain the horrendous experience I had at this... Place. A combination of out-dated, inefficient, unrefined, and disappointing.My aunt made reservations for 14 rooms 5 months in advance, and the hotel lost them. After the better part of 3 hours at the desk, they made arrangements for all 14 rooms and upgraded her to a penthouse suite. Once I arrived, I was immediately disappointed by the unkept and vandalized garage and elevators. I arrived on the casino floor and was unimpressed by the dated equipment used for the table games, and confused that the available new tables on the for were not in use.One good thing I can say besides the rock bottom price was that the rooms were spacious and neat. Unfortunately, it was nullified by the lack of hot water, malfunctioning air conditioning, and blown fuses. Thus far this earned it about 2 stars which is harsh for me, but when I returned to my room to gather my things to leave, the room key didn't work. When I received a new key for the room, the desk clerk told me that I had balance due. I knew that wasn't true since the thorough 3 hour process was supposed to guarantee that everything was handled 2 days prior. I had to wake my 70 year old aunt up to inform her that after all she'd have to come straighten it out... at 4:15 am!I haven't had a hotel stay this difficult since I was in Yekaterinburg, Russia, and that was 17 years ago, in a town with no hot running water. Unless you're staying with an Incredible lover that could only get this hotel, AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS!!!
2	So the worst thing about this place, was that it seemed like a horrible fire disaster waiting to happen.  The part of the casino we stayed in had only one of the two elevators working- and working veeeery slowly.  Unfortunately the stairs were dry walled off, between the first and second floors, making using the stairs impossible.  Is this dangerous? Yeah, i think so.  I actually asked a maintenance man how to take the stairs from the second floor to the first, and he described a path out the back, downstairs, across a catwalk, around the building, or some such craziness. it seemed harder than frodos quest in lord of the rings.  So anyway, Lots of trashy surface area in the guest areas- peeling trim- Scars on the walls in some places, left from 3 generations of lighting fixtures.  I thought that was funny.  My view looked to a courtyard in the hotel full of trash, bird poop, and old machinery and ducts- scary.The location of this hotel if you're staying downtown might actually make it worth it.  If i got a super cheap deal, i'd maybe do it again.  If i was looking for nice, I def. wouldn't.
1	Review is about Casino not Hotel as I will never even consider staying here. Going to Freemont street is quite the good time. Its like going to a freak show and loving every minute. Cheap gambling, good drinks, interesting people and the hourly freemont lightshow is awesome. The fun stops once you walk into The Las Vegas Club Casino. This is quite simply one of the most depressing establishments I have ever walked into. Anyone who reads my reviews knows I am a fan of dive bars and interesting establishments but this place is quite simply too much for even me. The casino offered all the regular table games that one would expect in a Vegas casino although the strange thing was that not one person was playing. All these sad looking dealers were standing around with sad looks on their faces hoping for anyone to sit at a table. The Golden Nugget was rocking and one couldn't find a seat yet the Vegas Club was completely empty except for a few older folks playing the slots and about three guys sitting at the bar. The casino was outdated which is expected but it was just so rundown that it didn't look attractive at all. A bunch of cheesy signs were hanging everywhere boasting loose slots and another sign proclaiming that Las Vegas Club & Casino has the most liberal game of 21 in Vegas. The casino was practically yelling to anybody that would listen that they are willing to give up some money if only you would pay a visit. Sadly nobody did visit. I bought a beer and walked on.
1	This is a horrible place to stay!Actually it's been a while since we stayed here, I just started writing reviews on yelp and I'm catching up.We stayed here 3 times in 6 years actually . First time it was pretty OK.  We had a room in the North tower which was nice and clean.On our second stay we tried a room in the South tower which we absolutely didn't like.  We don't mind an old hotelroom as long as it's clean, but this one was so worn down that it was impossible to call it a clean room.  On our 3rd stay, we took a North tower room again and it was just disgusting!  There were cockroaches in the room, cigarette burns in the carpet, mold in the shower and the maid was stealing my make up and perfume piece by piece.  I complained, but notting happened.We never stayed downtown again after this horrible experience.
2	Oh where to begin part of me doesn't feel it's fair of me to give a review seeing I only stayed half an hour if that and then there's part of me thinks I should. Let's be fair that's always a great place to start you can't beat the price I paid ten dollars a night for two nights self parking & valet are free the lobby was clean and they had a kiosk for internet which is great cause that's how I booked a room and got out of there. The casino was empty which should have told me something right off they have two elevators one of which doesn't work and the other that runs slower then dirt and if you don't keep pushing the button constantly it will pass you by and you will have to wait for it to return. The rooms are spacious I will give them that and seem clean at first glance they don't clean the windows so the sunlight filtering through is dingy and they don't have enough lights in the room to light it well so you feel as if you are in a spacious dark cave that is not cool because the air conditioner is pitiful it burps a bit of almost cool air out even at max cold setting. The bathroom at least had enough light and was spotless clean so I took a bath while my husband fiddled with the air conditioner when I was done he told me he couldn't stand the dark oppressive and hot room and we went downstairs used the kiosk to book a room at the Hilton and took off. I'm giving them 2 stars because if you aren't planning on spending a great deal of time in the little cave of a room you can't beat the price. Just remember that there is almost no A/C so Maybe none summer time would be good.
1	Scary place to come to. Clientele is early-twenties street thugs and their midriff-baring future baby mommas.
3	This ain't the Bellagio, but it is perfectly good lodging.  I stayed in room 1020 during September 2011.  The room was clean and very quiet because it is not facing Fremont Street.  It is very important to ask for a quiet room for this reason.  The only problem was a clogged bathtub drain.  When you check in, make sure the tub isn't clogged.If you don't have a car, you can get a 24-hour bus pass for $7.  The buses go everywhere in Vegas.
3	First off I am giving this hotel 3 stars because I felt it was an average stay for the price paid in downtown. I will describe my personal experience and then add the rest of my parties experience. Personal Cons: No swimming pool. Room keys become demagnatized if next to cell phone or credit cards (had to have the room key recalculated at the front desk every time I went to my room). Shower did not drain very efficiently.Personal Pros: BIG rooms. Clean. Standard room came with a vanity space, hair dryer and ironing board. Friendly staff.Okay now for the rest of my parties review: In total we rented 3 rooms for the weekend.Cons: Really close to Fremont street therefore there is noise until early morning (don't expect to sleep if you are a light sleeper). Difficulty with plumbing in one room (toilet over flowed, shower would not drain and neither would sink.) The ice machine on our floor did not work for duration of stay although it did not say it was out of order. the parking garage was 6 feet 6 inches so if your car is slightly bigger then a suburban, good luck.  (you can valet it).Pros: The staff, when made aware of an issue (plumbing), would be up to fix it right away!*side note: the casino in the back was always very empty although I heard that the casino portion near fremont street was often populated (never played in the casino). There is an older and newer tower, reviews are for room 919, not sure what tower that room is in.
2	The Keno is Goooooooooooooood!! Won 5G
2	Very sketchy hotel. The rooms felt like a motel. The only reason I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because it was extremely cheap and in a pretty convenient location. But I would not come here again.
1	Worst hotel ever, I could let some stuff slide being as you get what u pay for. Pubes in the bed hair and mold in the bathroom, called management to get it fixed and was told oversights happen. Housekeeping came up and the guy said to have my rich boyfriend get me a new room. It was funny but I was there for work at the convention and needed a place to sleep. My bed at home sure doesn't look how theirs did, would never stay here again. The I worst part was no one seemed to care. Didn't stay here. got my money back and would never go back!
4	Stayed here on Presidents day weekend.  Got a room for cheap about $50 per night not bad for a holiday.  I've seen bad reviews about the hotel, but my buddies and I gave it a shot.  Make sure to get the North Tower since it's a little newer.  Vegas Club is a little bit more broke down casino than the others but it's way cheap plus $2 draft beer and hot dog can't beat that!  Again our age group ranged from 25-30 years of age and we liked it not bad what you pay for.  Once you get out of the casino it's like a block party.  I wouldn't mind staying here again if your just planning on partying out all night and just snoozing here. I like Fremont better than the strip if you come to Vegas for cheap gambling and drinks.  But if your planning to party it up then I would prefer the strip.
2	It's run down and has a confusing ground floor layout.  Two reasons why I'm giving this place 2-stars instead of 1-star - the Jerky Store and the $2 lobster grab game.
3	How do you rate a place that you love for its diviness?  I've stayed there for $16.  I live in Las Vegas but if I can have a good time on Fremont street and then not have to worry about driving home or getting a cab... ... for $16? I don't really care how nice the room is (it's pretty sucky).  The bar is dark and the patrons resemble the aliens at the Mos Isley bar in Star Wars.  I have met a washed-up ex-WWF wrestler, several strippers from next door, tweaky meth addicts, and a plethora of assorted drunks.  The dealers are pretty nice and I've had a great time playing craps there.  The cocktail waitresses can be pretty pokey, maybe they don't have enough of them.  They put in a "no crap" craps table recently.  DON'T PLAY IT! Your odds are better on a regular table.  Let's see what else... Good breakfast cafe, slow elevators, dancers are mostly cuties, I always lose at the "Fetish Pit".
1	Definitely wasn't a fan of this casino.  Not very many people were playing at the tables or even the slots.  We walked in, walked around, and immediately left.  Nothing stood out to us to make us want to stay.
1	Review of Casino only...The floor staff is unprofessional and asleep at the wheel.  A craps dealer literally stole $7 from me an no one cared other than the security guard.  Even the surveillance team made up a fantastic story to defend the inept dealer and pit boss.  Spray yourself with Lysol before entering and exiting.
1	Worst Hotel EVER !!!First of all I booked a NON-smoking room, as soon as I got off the elevator to my room floor it reeked of cigarettes...which alright whatever no big deal I can deal with a smoking room I guess...second the bathtub was clogged so the water would just kind of sit there as you shower. The floor of the bathroom was not even clean there were footprints of shoes and hair here and there...gross! Thirdly, before I went out that night I went back to the front desk and asked about the 6pm late check out that comes with a $20 fee since it was advertised in my room booklet...the attendant said sure I'll set you up for that and typed some stuff..and I was off to my night...The next morning I left for breakfast and went out all afternoon when I came back I couldn't get into my room!I went to the front desk and they told me that I was suppose to check out at 11am...like for real? The attendant from the previous night did not even "set me up" for evening check out as she said...annoying...and even more annoying was as I am being helped to get a room key another guest asked a question "what floor is my room in" My attendant started helping that guest and merely stated "this will be quick your process is alot longer and he ALWAYS stays here" like alrighty stop helping me who got locked out of my room because of an error YOU made and just jump onto another guest because he is a "regular." I wasnt expecting anything else, they tried to waive my late check out fee because of the inconvenience and said " oh I can't because were booked so the system is not lettting me, sorry!" Awesome, apart from that the website never mentions a $50 deposit fee which you can get the next day back but still an inconvenience...I only stayed here because it was cheap and was visiting for one night but never again! I rather pay more and stay on the strip and have a nice hotel because this one the service was horrible!never again.. I guess you can't expect any less from cheap places which is not always true because Ive experienced BETTER service at McDonalds than this piece of crap joint.
1	They have a "Queen" slot machine. And if Fremont St. is crowded sometimes it's easier to cut through the casino to bypass the madhouse. Otherwise I have nothing good to say about the worst dump on Fremont St. It's a shame that instead of imploding the Fontainebleu down on the strip that this casino couldn't be imploded first. 1 star only because Yelp says I have to...
2	Walked in for the "$2 coors and hot dog special"  The bartender delved into a steam pit and retrieved a shriveled reject from the AM PM gas station.  After directing my attention to the packaged condiments, he pulled a 5 ounce draft into a petite plastic cup.  Bon Appetit  Sometimes you get what you pay for.  There are much better offers downtown
1	Only gets 1 star because I cant do 0. I got there after booking my room online and they had but me in a different hotel the first night and there the second night,,,,,,, don't book a room here unless you are going to be sleeping outside..... Jerks overbooked and tried to screw me over....
3	Stayed at his hotel during EDC, was the last option for us last summer, lol. The only reason we stayed here is because of the price, we got a room for $12 a night! What a deal! The rooms were ok! They need to remodel them but for the price I guess is a fair deal. One thing I did like is that at the bar you can get a hot dog and a small beer for $2!!
1	I stayed here this weekend because it was a last resort ..I wish i could give this place NO stars. the place is a complete dump and i stayed in the north tower which was "renovated" uh yeah, so when was this? because the bathtub had moldy grout and was leaking, there were holes in the walls, and the air conditioner seemed like it was on its way out. Not only was this place gross and unkempt the staff there was RUDE. No bell boy. No vallet. There was no early check-in so i asked about leaving my bags at the hotel while I went to a wedding they replied that they couldn't touch them and said i could leave them at the hotel across the street ummm why would i do that?! im not staying there!! ( i should have!) Every time i asked a question i was either laughed at or yelled at. I'm still waiting on my deposit to be returned as well as some other fee. I called a few times to ask about this problem and no one ever returned my phone calls. Obviously i was a bit P/Oed because of their lack of response. So when i finally got a hold of someone I was annoyed and maybe a bit grumpy but instead of trying to help me this RUDE woman decides to argue with me and yell at me..ummmm..WHAT!  Needless to say I will NEVER be back. EVER.
2	It's not customary to walk in to your hotel room to find black hairs filling the tub and an empty tube of shampoo next to the sink. This is definitely one of the worst casinos I have stayed at in Vegas, but hey, at least the beds were comfy.
2	I wanted to stay as close to the motor speedway for EDC so my friends & I booked a room downtown. Oh my lanta, it was ghetto. The structure luckily had free parking for guests. We walk in, no line at all to check in. Our friends that stayed at Excalibur waited about 3 hours just to check in, so I guess that's a plus. The elevators in the south tower felt like they might collapse at any minute. The hallway to our room smelled like piss, old people stench, & a hint of B.O. Yuck. Our beds were at least decent except for a big cig burn on one of the comforters. Only 2 outlets worked, so we all had to take turns charging our phones. The bathroom looked like it was falling apart. The walls of the bathroom had so much caulk from trying to fix up the holes. When you took a shower, it would change from hot to cold. & the sink would clog up. & the decor was super outdated. I would never stay here ever again. Only convenience was that it was in a good location to avoid traffic & take the streets to EDC.
2	We decided last minute to stay an extra night so we needed to find a cheap hotel on a Friday night.   Where we were staying had a 100 price hike from thurs to Friday night so we headed downtown for a better deal.  Found Vegas club for about 39 a night.  It's an old hotel and kind of creepy, but all we were looking for was a bed and a toilet.  Shower head was weird the ice machines didn't work.  All inall not bad if u just need to crash but I wouldn't plan a vacation there.
1	I've stayed here twice and the first time wasn't so bad.  I wasn't expecting much for the price, but we didn't run into any problems because we were staying in the newly remodeled north tower.  The second time, we arrived at 2am due to a chemical spill on the freeway that turned our 4 hour drive into an 8 hour drive.  When we got there, we had to stand in a huge line and right before our turn the clerk let a lady cut in front of us because she was having a problem with our room...Okay, but I just wanted to get to our room!  Turns out that this lady wanted a new room because the toilet was broken so they switched her rooms.  When we were finally helped, I was told that the King size non-smoking room that I reserved was no longer available and that all she had left was a king size smoking or a double queen non smoking...Yeah because they had just given our room away to the other lady!  But, being so tired, I was in no room to argue so I just went with the double queen non-smoking...It must have been the room that the other lady had just turned in.  When we got there, first of all you could hear the entire freemont street experience from the bathroom every hour.  It was so loud!  There were NO TOWELS, The bathroom floor was soaking wet and there was hair on it, disgusting!  And the carpet near the bathroom was soaking wet too.  But, being that it was so late, all the other hotels were booked and that we literally only needed to sleep for a couple hours, my boyfriend wiped up the water with a bathmat and we went to sleep. A few hours later, we were awoken by a god awful "Bloop" noise every few minutes.  The toilet was making bubbles and that's where the water was coming from.  There was toilet water all over the tile and carpet, so gross.  I couldn't even pee because I was afraid to sit on the toilet in fear that I might bubble while I was on it!  The only good thing that I have to say about this place is that they gave us our money back.  So ghetto.
5	This review is for the black jack dealers. They were absolutely amazing! Very engaging and very sweet. You could tell they weren't fake when they wanted us to win. All the ladies were upbeat. I would definitely gamble here again just because of their attitude.
3	While the Las Vegas Club Hotel & Casino is quite a few tiers below more luxurious hotels (e.g. the Bellagio), it's a wonderful place if you're on a budget. If you plan a couple weeks ahead, you can usually get very low rates (I was able to get a room on a Friday and Saturday for a grand total of 55 dollars). The drinks downstairs are also really cheap- this is the home of the 50 cent draft (be warned, these run out around 8pm usually). I didn't do much gambling while I was there, but they do have video poker machines that still use and dispense coins (which is awesome).  That being said, this is still a cheap hotel. Our room's air conditioner seemed to have issues the whole weekend (it was cool in the room, but it took a few hours for us to see any real effect). We also had an issue with the bathtub not draining, however this was promptly fixed after I called the front desk. One of my friends sink had some hair in it, and they also had issues with their tubs.  We had a hard time finding an ice machine that worked as well (the one on the 12th floor in the North Tower worked when I was there last month). Despite all the issues with the room, the beds were still comfortable and the noise from the Fremont Experience wasn't too bad.  Basically, if you're looking to save some money, won't be in your room much during your stay in Vegas, and don't mind a few minor 'hardships,' this is the place for you.
1	I feel sorry for Downtown Vegas.....it's the place where FUN goes to die. Overall, Downtown Vegas is dirty, stinks, and it's the Walmart of Vegas. All the weirdos and gross people hang out here. It's a tiny casino, a couple of the machines are the newer ones, but all the chairs are stained or have cig burns in them. We only stopped in here cuz it wasn't crowded on a sat night (first clue to stay away), it was hot as hell outside and this place was air conditioned. The "go-go" dancers are the rejects of the worst strip clubs, the bar is friggin crowded as heck cuz everyone is trying to buy 50cent drafts. It's no fun in here, NO FUN in DOWNTOWN Vegas!
1	I do not enjoy places or things that smell of toilets and strip clubs... UNLESS it is a toilet or a strip club... which even then i do not enjoy.... next time I'll pass. However... given the choice of hanging here or minus 5 degrees at mandalay bay... I'll take my chances in downtown las vegas because minus 5 degrees sucks hairy, sweaty, donkey balls.
1	never again.PRO's-the room was cheap and really big.CON's-the room smelled like ass, bed was old, pillows were like sleeping on a book, no pictures in the room, tv was a tube tv, bathroom was a bust. the sink was dripping, and the window in the bathroom was in the shower so i can shower and open the window and stick my ass out, and the window in the room opened all the way so I can easily open the window and piss or jump to my death. only 2 restaurants, and the checkin attendant was wearing a chicago bulls basketball jersey and needed to brush her hair and put on some dam makeup because she was terrible to look at. Casino was empty and the few people that were there were ghetto.
1	I give negative 5 stars.  I was looking for cheap rates to stay a weekend in Vegas (Fri-Sun).  Las Vegas Club had them.  Like the saying goes "You get what you pay for", I sure did get it, the worst room experience in Vegas ever. That's what I get for cheaping out. The hotel is a DUMP.  Half of the casino floor (the back area) was closed for construction.  It looked like a ghost town.  Two restaurants, a snack bar and gift shop are closed and empty. The room me & the hubby checked in was ok, old fashioned but a comfortable king bed, but the AC was slow to cool the room.  After only 2hrs in it, my hubby uses the bathroom, on the 1st flush the toilet overflows. Water everywhere & coming into the room. Called maintenance, were informed we had to change rooms.  Received another room in another tower, OLDER fashioned room & the AC NEVER worked properly.  The bed was a full size (not what I wanted) and it was as hard as sleeping on the floor. The TV was an old fashioned 22 or 19 inch TV that was propped up on 3 telephone books because the furniture cabinet it was in was too low below the end of the bed.  Could not watch TV lying down.  Not that it mattered, the fucking TV remote did not work, old batteries. I guess maintenance or the maids don't bother to check. The bathroom was nasty, old fashion, with the grout peeling off, the toilet had really low water pressure & the sink too, only a trickle would come out. Had to flush the toilet several times for it to be clean. The bathtub was extra small and filthy, with hairs clinging to it.  We didn't switched rooms again because my hubby had completely given up and just wanted to gamble & not worry about packing up again since we were only there for two nights. I regret not going to another hotel. The elevators in this hotel are what nightmares are made of.  We stayed on the last floor, the 16th in the North tower.  Some of the elevator button lights to choose what floor you want & the button to request the elevator did not work.  The lights that indicate what floor you're on did not work. The elevator doors on the outside while waiting for it had a hole in each door.  The inside ceiling of the elevator was exposed in certain areas, showing wires & what not.  The elevator was scary as hell riding, made lots of strange noises & slammed down when arriving to the lobby.  And of course all the elevators & waiting hallway had NO WORKING AC.  It felt like stepping into a sauna in the elevator & hallways for minutes waiting for one to arrive to your floor or lobby.I don't know what else I can say or have forgotten to include about how rotten this experience was.  I wasn't the only one miserable.  We encountered several other people that felt the same way.  The only thing I can say was that the lady that checked us in & out was friendly.  Truthfully this hotel needs to be demolished. There's no renovating that would make this hotel any better..
4	Located on the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. Another classic, yes it is a tad run down, yes it is more than a tad seedy. Here is the thing about Downtown, it is Classic Las Vegas, they have great deals on food and booze, it is a great place to come walk around, people watch and let loose. Plus nothing beats Fremont at night for that classic Las Vegas neon look. This place is just plain fun. Even if you are staying on the Las Vegas Strip, make sure you take an excursion to Downtown and check out the Las Vegas Club. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	You get what you pay for and this place is CHEAP!! I dont think its been remodeled since the 80's, AC in the room couldnt bring the temp below 80, the TV was an old 19" tube that had black lines rolling thru the screen. The elevators were flat ass scary, they bumped and banged when en route and the lights to indicate what floor you were on didnt work. Had a mind of its own and went to other floors for no reason. The soda vending machines were completely empty on every floor and the ice machines were only on floors 2 and 12, the one on the 12th floor was rusted thru on the corners and looked very unsafe. All the shops and eateries inside were closed except an odd asian jerky and candy store with some really weird stuff in it. Tried to do some gambling but the ATM machines were out of order, when we returned later in the evening with cash we found that the ticket redemption machines werent working either. The nugget is the only place to go on Fremont St. every other place is a dump, the whole "Fremont street experience" was a disgusting trip thru the dregs of a city sewer system. That part of town needs to be wiped off the map, when you're dead you're dead. Stick to the strip and the places that have class and respect for the customers they serve.
1	I hope that bitchy pit boss has been fired by now.  Perhaps her name was Shirley?  She was just TERRIBLE.
3	We stayed here to save money and because we love Fremont Street. My boyfriend and I aren't gamblers so we didn't mind that the casino was so small. The check in desk was tiny and looked like we were in the wrong spot.  There are no places in there to eat either. Really wished the food place Tinokos was open- looks like an affordable menu and decent food choices. A sign said they would be reopening soon.The back area looks like a ghost town, but they had a Halloween maze so there was a bit more foot traffic. Check in was easy and free parking was great. No long walk to the elevators either which would have sucked with all of our luggage.Our room was in the North tower and was bigger than we expected. Though it was a nonsmoking room, it smelled like cigarette smoke. It was a nice room though. The bed was comfortable, nice little area for our drinks and mixers, and the shower was spacious. No complaints about the AC. Worked great. However the outside of our room going to the elevator was freezing. The only real complaint I have is that none of the ice machines worked. There were signs saying go to floors 7 and 10 for ice, but those machines didnt work either so we were told by the bell desk to go to the bar for ice. Everytime we went, some bartender (older gentleman) looked pissed that we asked for ice. Like it was an inconvenience for him to scoop some ice in the tiny bucket. Well having to go all the way to the bar was an inconvenience, but the casino is so small it didn't really bother us. No real complaints. Nice little hotel for it being so old and right on Fremont Street.
3	Casino only review:  This is dingy downtown Vegas. Cheap gambling and  sort of a grimy dirty feel.  Half of the place is a ghost town with many restaurants and other things closed.  Tip a buck here for a drink and you will be treated like a king.  Definitely not the Cosmopolitan, but great for the cheap gambler and an excellent place to people watch.
2	What a dump.  This is the only casino on Fremont that has yet to take the hint and UPgrade.  It stinks, the staff is unappealing, heck, even the 'party' pit dancers are standing idle on their platforms.  The only perk is the $2 well drinks---get it and go.
3	I was a bit skeptical about this hotel at first. Well, this is no bellagio or Caesars palace. This is an old hotel so its a bit run down and needs updated. But with the rate they're offering, I will be coming back next month. I love to stay in downtown. The area has so much history and you can be who you are. There's nothing wrong with this hotel. Staffs are friendly, I have no complaints about the bed actually. Shower worked just fine, pretty good water pressure. Room is decent and clean. The island jerky store was awesome!!!The lobby looks nice and clean and the staff at the lobby were very efficient.I really have a change of heart with this hotel. This might be my new place to stay. After all when I'm in Vegas, all I need is a bed cause I will be drinking the night away!!
1	Yeah, this place is grody. Very small establishment. Expect to somewhat get lost in the casino. Eh. good for locals...mostly senior citizens who don't mind spending their social security income at a $.25 wheel of fortune slot machine. On to the next hotel.
1	There was talk of a Lobster claw machine.I suspect that, and the low low price, is why my husband chose this pit.First impression: the parking garage, how are there shoe prints on the celling?Then onto the elevators.  Small. clanky.  It's and older place, no biggie.Enter to the 'lobby' old old carpet, old old wallpaper.  To be expected, its an old place.  There is a bar up ahead, oh that's nice. Oh, it's shut down.  And covered in dust.  Some temporary looking walls create a massive box in the  middle of this area, it seems to house old machines.  That's odd.  I guess they are under construction... or something?Check in is back behind the elevators.  It takes forever. Up to the room.We call for more pillows, don't expect delivery.  Walk your happy butt back down to the lobby and get it yourself.I am now confronted with the reality of the room.  This is where I will be sleeping.Sometimes, you just do not want to know.  You  touch as little as possible and sleep on top of the sheets.  It is now clear, booking here was a terrible mistake.And you know what's good when you are drunk? A toilet that doesn't work.You know what's better? Needing water, remembering the soda machine near the elevator... oh, its out of water... and Gatorade... and soda... its out of everything.  So you go, to EVERY floor.  Guess what? they are all out!  Hungover me loves multiple consecutive short, jerking elevator rides, and disappointment.  It seems someone is unable to pay the Pepsi guy.My guess: this joint is going under.  The casino sucks, the infamous lobster claw is gone, though I can see exactly where it was as I'm guessing they haven't vacuumed that spot since it was removed.  The bar is shut down, the restaurant is shut down, the only think open is a place to buy jerky.  Jerky.  Good god this place is bad.  I wont miss it.We spent as little time as possible here.  We spent most of our time at the newly renovated Plaza, where the Casino doesn't suck, the restaurants are actually operational, and our friends got a killer room for barely more than what we paid.
1	I'm giving them one star as a 1/2 star is not an option.  The owners have obviously given up and focused all their cash on the Plaza across the street, which is just lipstick on a pig.  This place is miserable and deserted.  You know you've got trouble when you make more money making part of the casino floor a large gift shop.  So sad, they used to have a great coffee shop.   Huge areas at the back of the building have been walled off, including the elevators to the now closed hotel.  If the owners are reading this, I hope they sell and find a buyer and soon.  This is a shame.
3	Pretty basic place to stay! The room was clean but in need of upgrades for sure. It's pretty obvious all over the casino how outdated everything is. The price was cheap, and if you aren't too picky, it's worth it for an extra spontaneous night. If my son were with us, I probably wouldn't stay there. The gambling downstairs is my favorite on Fremont though! And the drink prices are awesome! I would stay here again if I were trying to penny pinch.
1	I accidentally parked here while going to Fremont street ($10 ?! Really ?) It looks like the place shut down years ago but nobody told the employees.
3	For some reason I have a thing for old run down casino's at times.. a guess you can say a little switch up from the new school full luxury casino's... plus winning at a dump like the Las Vegas Club will be a story you never forget and least expect!  One diamond in the ruff lives in this casino and if thing's haven't changed it's 50 cent beer's on the casino floor... just an experience you have to say you tried.. drinking cheep beer and hitting a win or too on the slot's at the Las Vegas Club.. I'll give it 3 stars for it's trashy class and cheap beer.
3	This place is not much of a looker, but if you're looking to drink and/or gamble in the Fremont area, this casino will get the job done. Vegas Club is the literal epitome of old Vegas since it hasn't gone through any recent remodeling like other properties on Fremont St have. But looks aside, Vegas Club has pretty low table limits (5 bucks) and dirt cheap drink prices, especially if you're a beer drinker. You can get $1 drafts of Rolling Rock, Busch or Hamm's; or $2 Corona bottles at the casino bar.
3	Old Casino. Old machines where cash still drops when you win. Cheap gambling. i learned to pay crapless crabs here. I like to come downtown, get a cheap beer and gamble here.
2	Came to this dive with some coupons, and I had heard about a deal where if you lost up to a 100 bucks, they give it back to you, so I came here, lost a bunch of money, then went back the next day, where they said it was only for slot play, and I had lost my money at craps.  I wish someone had told me that, and I would have played Video Poker or something.  It's a shame, the location is halfway decent, but this place is a dump.  They have some decent blackjack though (not the "Best rules downtown blackjack" that's garbage)
4	Review of the table games:Great $5 blackjack, with amazing views all around.  The drinks weren't too watered down and the cocktail waitress came by about every 5 minutes.  The bathroom was small, but clean, and it's right across from the Golden Gate - so very convenient to go grab a $3 shrimp cocktail!
5	I did not stay at the hotel, but I did gamble in the casino at the blackjack table.  The casino is small, but the young ladies working as dealers all wear "economy" outfits using very little material.  There is also a small stage where another young lady dances in a similar fashion as the girls at the strip club a few doors down.  And the rules on blackjack are very liberal--the best I have found in Vegas.  You can double down on 2, 3, or 4 cards, you can surrender, and they have $5 tables instead of the usual $10 tables at other casinos.  I'm sure I would have won more money at blackjack had I not been so distracted by the "ambiance."
1	I really hate to give this place a bad review because I love old buildings with history. But they've basically just let this place go to shit. Whats with the old hallway past the restrooms that leads to a main area with a front desk and a bar, yet it's completely deserted. It looks like it shut down 50 years and now it's just a ghost town. So bizarre. The small casino area was completely dead when we went in there, and then the security guard tried to kick out my 32 yr old friend for being underage. Um, yah, you might not wanna scare away the 4 customers you are lucky enough to get. What a dump.
3	Theres no Hotel here anymore (It's closed) but the Casino Vibe is fun. the Main bar serves to be a great experience. They used to have some killer drink specials and used to be the cheapest place on Fremont to drink, but those days have disappeared. You can still get drinks here at a normal Fremont street price ($3.5-$5) per drink. I never leave here sober (or disappointed)!
1	We go to Vegas almost every month, but for some reason i've never gone into this casino. I figured its part of Plaza, which i love, so we would gamble there for a lil change up. Good Lord Jesus i should have stayed out. Theres a difference from being an old throw back historic site, this place is a straight up dump. I have never seen a casino this nasty. Its dark and sleazy, i didnt even want to sit down to gamble for fear of catching cooties or worse. Unfortunately we had been drinking so i had to use the restroom, o my God i should have just pissed on myself. The place is falling apart, towels all around the faucets & floor to catch dripping water. Looked like no one had checked the restroom in a week, papertowels,urine,feces on the floor & the toilets. Ok i have to go throw up now
3	I only walked around inside this place but the music was jamming on a Friday night and Mr. Jessie (Manager) was so sweet to talk too! If you like looking at flat cakes in tiny shorts and plaid tops dancing on an elevated stage while you shoot craps then this is place for you.
