5	This place is great! Awesome decor! Great lineup of draft beer and wine. A menu that is exotic yet delicious. Great location in Tempe!
5	Food is amazing! I love the decor and the bar staff is really friendly. You need to come in and try the food. If I could I would eat their everyday. They have a great line up of different beers and wine. Its somewhere you want to go when you don't want to deal with the mill atmosphere.
5	I am so in love with this place!!!!  There are many reasons to love Salut. First of all, the decor is done with recycled components, mixing old and new, makes for a very beautiful setting. The minute you walk in you can feel the friendliness of the staff. Salut is perfect for lunch with your friends or a hot date. :) The food is inventive and delicious and the wine/cocktails are amazing. If you haven't checked this gem out you must! I can't wait to go back!
2	Thanks for spamming my phone with text messages. There's better ways to advertise your restaurant.
5	This place is perfect!! The food is amazing--the grilled halloumi and peppy dew peppers are ridiculous! Incredible wine selection...I love the wines on tap and the lemon fizz signature cocktail in the cute blue glass. Great vibe and awesome staff--definitely recommend!!Oh and the happy hour is unreal! Taking my dog there today.
5	Salut is an amazing place! The food is delicious with a menu to please all and the craft cocktails are out of this world. The ambiance is perfect for a classy relaxing evening with friends or a significant other.The price point is perfect and the type of crowd it is attracting is just what the Tempe area needed!!
5	So impressed by this new Tempe gem.  My friend and I came in for dinner last weekend, and were immediately pleased with the decor as well as the service.  The recycled palet wood used both decoratively and functionally was SO well done, and the lighting is beautiful!  Our service was perfectly timed and friendly.  That said, I am not a person who enjoys a restaurant simply for the scene and good service. Your food must match (or at least approach) your ambience, and Salut's menu absolutely did :)  We began our meal with an order of Ciprian Salsa bruschetta, which was lovely and fresh.  I enjoyed the roasted corn salad as an entree, and my friend had the brie hive.  Both were fresh, seasoned well, and portioned perfectly (especially for a health-conscious preggo; not too little, but not so much that I left feeling overly full!) Can't wait to bring my husband back here for one of their signature drinks or a glass off of their wine list (see you in a few months, Salut!)
1	Friday night, place was not busy. Waiter forgot to bring drinks. Ordered appetizer only to be told 15min later they are out of said appetizer. Also out of a wine that a friend ordered.  Place is a renovated spot in a strip mall.  Atmosphere is ok but location is not desirable.  Good luck staying open thru the summer!
3	Service was friendly but pretty slow.  The hostess and servers were very friendly, but it took them 10 minutes to set up a table on the patio for 8 of us, even though the patio was pretty much empty at the time.  The food and drinks were good, but the appetizers specifically were a bit small.  I'll likely return for a Happy Hour, and hopefully when I do, it will be better.
5	Cafe Boa finally has a competitor in Tempe!  For date night I know that some college folks will never abandon House of Tricks, but for a new urban wine bar you have to check out Salut.  Went on their opening night and it was packed with families and pretty people.  The price points are very reasonable and they have both beers on draft and wine on draft.  (Perfect for when you might need to down a few...err one quickly)Ambiance:  Similar to the Garage in Phoenix mixed in with the original Postinos.  Big patio area which is nice.  Try to sit on that side, admittedly there is one side that faces right into a parking lot, (but in Az, what restaurant doesn't)They have great music without becoming too loud.Food is mediterranean inspired.  Think olives, pomegranate, feta etc.  The salads are delicious and do not miss the mushroom ravioli which I could have devoured all by myself but was forced the share.  I was full from two appetizers and a salad and the aforementioned wine so I didn't get to the main entrees which looked tasty.  Clearly I will have to come back.The staff is pretty, but more importantly, very nice and considering how new the restaurant is, they ran a very smooth ship.  I am really hoping that this restaurant inspires more eateries to open up in Tempe.  (I might have a reason to leave my 10 mile Phoenix bubble more often)
5	Came in the other day looking to try something new. Our server was great (I believe his name was Zach) and the food was delicious. The place was cool too!
5	Granted, it was the Groupon that brought me in...and brought me back!  Was there Friday night (it was quite busy), and went again today (not so busy).  Everyone is still learning the ropes, but is very happy to try and make your experience the best you could have.  My husband and I sat at the bar and had the pleasure of speaking to Dustin, the sommelier of the establishment.  This "kid" is only 27, but has the knowledge of wine, beer, and "specialty drinks" (even Mr. Harry Mitchell who was sitting next to me was impressed), along with the pairing of food and drink.  My husband and I learned SO MUCH from Dustin this evening.  Finding out that Salut was dreamed up with every customer in mind (great happy hour prices on food and drink for the "pop in and go" kind of folks, to the folks that want to sit, eat, drink, and talk for HOURS about their experience) was a refreshing change from the "norm."  I love the fact that this is a dog friendly establishment, which is something that I've only seen in Scottsdale.  Seeing so many items "recycled/reused" was definitely a plus in my eyes as well.  OH!  And I LOVED the hooks for hanging purses at the bar... simple wine bottle openers that had been "turned into the wood" leaving just the handle for a "hook," VERY CLEVER!As my husband and I were leaving, we kept talking about who we would like to bring to Salut, how we hope that they decide to offer "wine courses" as part of their experiences, and we wish them the absolute best!  We also look forward to making this establishment a "regular" date night location for us.  Lastly...things we've tried and LOVE:-Greek Fries-Peppadew Peppers-Hummus "Nachos"-Chef's Board-Wild Mushroom Bruschetta-The WIne Flight-Kentucky Rose-Lavender Lemon FizzThumbs up on EVERYTHING!  Can't wait to come back and try something different!
5	Epic happy hour menu 3-7pm, every day. Great environment, food is unique and delicious, staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the drink and wine menu is spectacular (ask their Sommelier for a wine recommendation) and if you need a recharge check the USB ports under the bar!I'll be back!
5	My new favorite place in Tempe!  This place is unreal such a great vibe and amazing service.  I tried the hummus nachos which I recommend highly!  The salmon was cooked perfectly and the Lemmon fizz craft cocktail was the perfect finishing touch. Great patio as well will be back soon.
2	The happy hour specials and groupons lured me and my friends here on a weekday evening, but I was quite disappointed. First of all, about half the "tapas" (which are actually just appetizers) on the happy hour menu were the same price as they are on the regular menu ($5 or more) . Also, the food was alright. The peppy dew peppers were yummy, but the other "tapas" we tried were pretty mediocre, at best. They said they were out of one appetizer when we were ordering, but we saw another table order and receive it about 30 minutes later. They were short on menus, despite being far less than 25% capacity at the time. Some of these may just be growing pains of a new restaurant. There were also tons of flies around, which was pretty annoying. We didn't get any entrees so I can't speak to that, and the wines in the wine flight seemed reasonably good. Another drawback: if you get seated in the back section, there are no windows and very limited lighting (the waiter couldn't even see the water glasses well enough to know whether he needed to fill them up or not).
1	Terrible service, the manager is incredibly rude, not worth the try.
4	I went here for a happy hour with a friend based on the Yelp reviews that I read.  I was excited for a nice wine bar near my work and it looked like it had a great happy hour menu.I opted to have wine, and since I had a ways to drive home, I just went for a glass.  If you had a larger group or were within walking distance, they have wine by the bottle and at happy hour, the 2nd bottle is $1!We opted to sample 3 of the appetizers.  We tried the Peppy Dew Peppers, Wild Mushroom Bruschetta, and the Chef's Board.  Everything was delicious.  I expected the bread on the  bruschetta to be more crunchy/grilled, but it was tasty nonetheless. We sat outside but it was a little bright with no shade to block the setting sun.  Looks like they've planted trees to help, but in the mean time, they might consider a screen/shade for that are.  Some misters would go a long was as it starts to warm up as well.All in all, I would definitely go back and happy hour there again.
5	My brother and I keep coming back for the Ciprian Salsa Bruschetta that has a pomegranate touch, it is absolutely tasteful! The Chefs Board has a nice variety of deliciousness, nice to enjoy with friends. The Sun Devil burger is A-mazing!  Moreover, two nights ago I tried the Malbec Wine imported from Argentina, exquisite to accompany my meal! I enjoy the outdoors, the indoors, plus a nice touch of good taste in music, very well put together. I will continue to come back, thank you staff.. Salut (Cheers)!
5	I live right down the street and this has become our favorite happy hour spot. Great patio, really great atmosphere. Most important, great wine (white on draft!) and the appetizers are delicious. I definitely recommend the bruschetta! Very friendly staff, great service.
5	Wanted to try something new in Tempe and was extremely happy with this place! The food is awesome, the ambiance is cool and the staff is very helpful and friendly! I think I just found my new favorite spot in tempe!
5	Salut has got it all.  Amazing craft drinks like the Sailor side car put a new twist on my favorite rum and the food did not disappoint.  Its a very unique spin on American cuisine with a touch of Mediterranean influence from humus nachos to filet mignon and Greek fries everything has its own delicious flavor.  The staff is amazing to please even the pickiest eaters and friendly welcoming atmosphere from start to end.  Met the owners while we were there, super friendly people that made sure everything was up par.  Crowd was very pleasant very chill and laid back definitely a classier place then most bars in the Tempe area.
5	I read about this restaurant opening in the East Valley Tribune when it popped up on my Google News feed about  new restaurant opening in Tempe.  Coming from Phoenix where there's no lack of awesome places to go, I was very eager to try this new place close by to where we live now.  We finally had a chance to try it and I was not disappointed.The happy hour menu lasts till 7 so it actually gives you a chance to get home, get refreshed and head out.  The draft wine was really good;  I had the Pinot Grigio and the boyfriend had the Malbec.  Both very smooth.  The server, Steve, was very informative and told us about how they're trying some more "sustainable" options which was unique.  And the wine list is extensive so I'm looking forward to trying more.  I'm also wanting to have the Cartel Brown Ale.We had a couple appetizers: the caprese kabobs, two of the bruschetta, the ravioli, the fries and the grilled halloumi cheese.  All were very good and had a unique twist.  (I also used the Yelp check in discount and they were very nice)The ambiance is nice, and I feel everyone would feel comfortable going.  This is only a few weeks old and am looking forward to it growing and them editing, little things like adding more bruschetta flavors, or more lighting outside and misters.All and all, I know my go to place now for a good glass of wine and awesome service.And it's a dog friendly patio
5	This place is great!! The happy hour menu is my favorite, you can get any one of their craft cocktails for $6!! Definitely a good place to take a date and get some drinks with friends!!
5	So many great things going on at Salut! My only qualm was that it took me FOREVER to get there due to construction, but obviously that's temporary and I'll be back when it's over (plus - it was worth sitting in traffic!). I didn't have an actual meal but I my friend and I had a few items off the happy hour menu. We had Hummus Nachos, Peppy Dew Peppers and the Caprese Kabobs. All of the food was delicious and came out quickly. There's a lot more on the menu I want to try next time! They have great happy hour drink specials, both of us had wine, it was a nice Malbec. We also sampled the Cab on tap that was yummy. We were hesitant to try wines out of a tap/draft (it makes me think of boxed wine - ew)... but I/we were very pleasantly surprised at how delicious it was and continued on for a second glass. The restaurant is super cute and word is that you can bring your dogs and sit on the patio so I'll have to bring the fur baby next time. :) Quite possibly one of my favorite parts of all of it was the service. I think customer service is a lost art but these guys got it spot on. Our server was attentive but not overbearing and offered up suggestions when we needed it. We sat at the end of the bar so we chatted a bit as well and he was very informative about the restaurant itself as well as the wine selection. Can't wait to go back! Thanks for an awesome experience!
3	Awesome atmosphere. Awesome staff. Unique food. Ok taste.
5	I am torn on this one.  Food wise it is THE BEST restaurant I have been to in quite a long time.  I loved the ambiance of the couch booths outside and the food and even the wine was delish.The part I am torn on is it felt sleezy in the used car lot vibe.  First off there are chalkboards out front advertising happy hour $1 bottles of wine.  Same thing on the front of the menu.  (Actually it is also listed that way on the front page of their website.) I actually asked as soon as I sat down if that was a joke.  I was informed you buy a bottle at regular price and the second is $1.  You have to ask or turn over your menu to see that detail.  No asterisk, no small print, nothing.  Is that even legal advertising?!Second we had a groupon for 4 flights of wine and 2 tapas or bruschetta plates.  The wine was the first to come out.  We were told they were a chardonnay, a merlot and a cabernet sauvignon all from a vineyard in California.  We first tried the white wine and enjoyed it.  Surprised that it tasted like no chardonnay we had ever had we asked with the menu which chardonnay from CA it was.  The waiter left and came back and told us that actually he was wrong and the flight wines are all tap wines from a barrel made in Tuscon?!?!  What is tap wine?Third when we got our bill only one appetizer was taken off.  When the waiter was informed of the mistake he argued a bit that the groupon was only for one appetizer.  He had to take the coupon out of his pocket to inspect it again.  Then he left and came back having taken off the $4 fries we added on later instead of the $7 Hummus nachos that we had originally ordered as part of the deal.  I pointed it out again and he gave some excuse about timing and the computer taking off least expensive items.  Whatever!Now onto the food... I had:Hummus Nachos - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Greek Fries - VERY GOOD!Halloumi Bruschetta - Tasty with a relish/pickled flavoringGrilled Filet Mignon - AMAZING!Wilted Greens with Bacon - Good. Parmesan French Toast with Tomato Basil Relish - MMMMM... the tomato basil relish was spicy in a sriracha flavored wayMy friends tried the Bee Hive sandwich.  One really liked it and one liked everything except the thick sliced prosciutto.  I'm hesitant to go back.... but the food is calling to me... what to do... what to do...
5	Went here for lunch with my wife. We both had just lost some weight so we want a celebration meal. We had the hummus nachos, she had the chicken sandwich a I had the Italian panini. Everything was delicious!  I'm not a huge hummus fan but thoroughly enjoyed the nachos. The staff was awesome as well. The waitress kept refilling our water and the bartender was very friendly. Highly recommended and we will return.
5	Celebrated my 21st birthday dinner here.They accommodated my party of 25 perfectly!Everyone in my party raved about the food and drinks. I personally loved the lemon lavender fizz, a drink I'll have to go back for and the humus nachos were delicious. Also, Salut gave everyone a shot to celebrate my birthday. Definitely added a special touch to their service.The service was excellent and wonderful. Our waitress was on top of everything and did an excellent job. Everyone enjoyed themselves and it went smoothly. Couldn't ask for anything better!The owner even went out to get candles to put on my cake. I was so happy how they added personal touch and services. It is really how restaurants like these that I become a loyal customer.It was the perfect place to have dinner and I'm so glad I chose Salut Kitchen Bar.Plus, this was my first time here.
3	Great new neighborhood place. The staff aims to please.Nice wine and food at a reasonable price.
4	Good atmosphere but the food prices were a little high for what you get. Good deal on wine during happy hour: buy one bottle get another bottle for $1. I was in a large party for a birthday and service was prompt she was kind enough to grab some candles for the birthday girl. We ordered appetizers and my salad which I ordered as an entree was very tasty. I ordered the s'mores for dessert as well. It looked neat at first but the heat was very overwhelming for the table. I would try this place again.
5	I came to Salut with a Groupon. I have heard that they aren't fond of this behavior - but I couldn't be more wrong.The bar is very nice. I mean the appearance is relaxing and nice. We ordered a wine flight and several of their tapas and appetizers. Their bruschetta is nice. Their tapas were really good. And to top it off, the service was really good and I would even call it quite personable. Food/DrinksFirst we had flights of wine and bruschetta, and I must admit that it was pretty tasty.. but the tapas that we ordered came out even more so. The presentation and the taste all was up to par. AmbianceThey really have worked on this place. The atmosphere is cozy, and yet the focus is on the bar. I really liked it, and it's a great place to take a date.ServiceService was stellar. Knowledgeable and personable. The waiter checked on us ever so often with presence, without interrupting at all. We got recommendations when we asked for it, without trying to sell any particulars. SummaryI really liked this place and will come back. I have no complains at all. Go see for yourself.
5	I always go there for food, and never tried their drinks. The food was a little slow, but they are good! Worth the wait.
2	I really wanted to love this place. I was so ready. Maybe I walked in with my expectations too high but... I don't know.I came in with a Groupon for 2 drinks, 2 entrees and the S'mores. So let's start with the good. The food was very good, we had the italian panini and the piquillo ravioli, drinks were also good (if a bit overpriced), Death in the Afternoon and the Prohibition Manhattan. The S'mores were a cute touch but flavor-wise... meh. Just regular bland s'mores. The bar is very nice. I love the steampunk style decor and the layout flows really well.The bad. It was sooooo hot. My date and I were both uncomfortable and it just kept getting warmer. When the s'mores came were both laughed because the little hot pot made it even hotter. The music was really bad reggae which seriously clashed with the ambiance of the the bar. I don't know why a business that obviously put so much effort into establishing a specific ambiance would overlook something as important as the music. The server brought the check without asking us and we weren't done, which is so irritating, We had planned on ordering another round of drinks but when that happened we decided to just leave because it was too hot.Finally, we were charged for all 4 of our drinks even though the Groupon should have covered 2. I noticed our tab was higher than it should have been, but I didn't want to split hairs over 21$ on a second date.Good food and drinks, but it's a bit too expensive for the all the problems. I don't think I'll be returning and I'm kinda bummed.
1	Unfortunately my friends and I had a terrible experience! My friend had made a reservation on open table for 8 of us. A couple of us got there a little early to get in for happy hour. They only had a table for 4 for our party. They told us we could wait at the bar while a table was set up for us. Another reservation of 5 came in with the same problem about a half hour later. Our table still hadn't been set up and they brought in another table from outside for this other reservation while we were still waiting. A ton of tables opened up but they kept giving them away to customers who just walked in. An hour had gone by before they actually had a table ready for us by which point we were done our food and decided to leave. Paying was even more of a nightmare. We ate on happy hour specials, but for three of us splitting a check they decided to charge us an already included 20% gratuity on what the whole bill would have been if it wasn't happy hour! (There also ended up only being 4 of us there so it was not a big party). So basically giving themselves about a 60% tip! So when we asked about it, it took almost half an hour to get our bill figured out with the bar staff. I originally paid with one of those Visa gift cards. I knew it wouldn't work to void it but gave it back to him anyway. I ended up putting it on my debit card. It took 6 days for them to fix the double charges on my checking account and 8 days to work out the void on the gift card. The owner was so nice and the food was alright, but so not worth the miscommunication between the staff and our wait time!
4	Come here on a Groupon and had no issues.I was there late but called ahead and made reservations for a Wednesday night at 9pm.Normally they stop serving from the full menu but they told me they would honor it and they did!I ordered the Peach Puzz Fizz, delicious! My date ordered Death in the Afternoon. Phew It was strong, but he really liked it.For entrees we ordered the Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon which was cooked to perfection and was melt in your mouth delicious. The Spicy Beer Braised Shrimp was unlike anything I have had before. Spicy but not overpowering, the sauce tasted amazing when the bread that accompanied the dish was dunked in it.  Just fantastic.Then the best part came, the smores. Who doesn't love them? It was the prefect ending to an almost perfect restaurant experience. I say almost because the only minor incident I had was when the waitress saw my drink at half full, she asked if I wanted another one. I said no and she walked off with my class! Maybe she thought I was done? Anyways when she came back i explained to her I wasn't done and she quickly apologized and brought me another one on her.She was very kind and gracious. This is my new favorite place!Can't wait to come back Groupon or not
5	On a whim, my friends and I bought a Groupon for here for 4 people, and we went to celebrate my birthday.  We got there in time for happy hour and enjoyed some great drink specials and shared the chef's plate (really delicious!)  Our service was fantastic!  It was quite warm in the restaurant, but in all fairness it was 113 outside, and the restaurant has all windows with western exposure.  A manager quickly found a fan and pointed it in our direction, which helped immensely.  The selection of craft cocktails is fabulous, I tried the Lavender Lemon Fizz... wow, so good!  For dinner, I enjoyed the pistachio crusted salmon with orzo.  Again, it was delicious.   Everything was really great!  I can't wait to go back and make this our go-to spot to meet up with the girls!  My only tiny complaint is that the booths are really crammed in the space and not the most comfortable place to sit, especially when it's warm.  I think next time we go back, we'll request a table for sure!
5	Amazing food, staff and drinks! My first visit was for an ASU Alumni Mixer, and there was a delicious buffet, but it's still a buffet. My 2nd and 3rd visit confirmed this place is in my top 5! Love it.
5	Salut Rocks they have 1 dollar bottle of wine for happy hour! I had the Italian Panini it was so good and we also shared the Smores dessert OMG so wonderful! I would eat here again in a heart beat.  The atmosphere is comfortable and crowd is a friendly one.  Tempe has a little gem with this place!
4	We had dinner here tonight with friends and were not disappointed in our food or with the service.  Since we bought the groupon, the two person deal included two craft drinks, two entrees (any of the burgers or entrees under $17) and one dessert to share.  Our friends had their own groupon, so it was nice to sample several different drinks and entrees.  The drinks we sampled included the cucumber mule, the lavender and lemon fizz, the peach fuzz fizz, and the prohibition manhattan.  The lavender and lemon fizz was definitely the lightest of all the drinks; the manhattan was the strongest.  My husband liked the manhattan but couldn't finish his peach fuzz.  Our friend and I were a fan of the lavender and lemon fizz (i particularly enjoyed how similar it is to real lavendar lemonade) but she especially liked the cucumber mule because it came in a copper mug that made it just that more authentic in taste.  Overall the drinks seemed well made with quality spirits. We really liked the glasses and our waiter told us most of the restaurant's decor and furniture was made of reclaimed products.  All of our glasses were made from old alcohol bottles, which I really liked.  The atmosphere was intimate, the lighting was low, and the music was chill.  I fell like the booth we were in was a little tight and cramped - I would ask for a table next time. Our friends order an appetizer while we waited for our entrees: the prosciutto bruschetta was good but our friends felt the drizzled honey was a little overpowering.  Personally I liked the little sweetness to balance out the salty prosciutto and tart granny smith apples.  I barely tasted the blue cheese smear and didn't even notice the almond - both which are pluses for me because I'm not a fan of blue cheese.Our entrees came out and we were pretty happy with our individual choices.  My husband ordered the Italian panini with the greek fries - not sure what special spices they put in the fries, but those were very addicting.  Next time I'm ordering a plate of those for myself - no sharing!  The panini was very good - just the right amount of saltiness. On the recommendation of our waiter I had the piquillo ravioli with chicken. I think it was a very good choice - it wasn't too spicy and the ravioli is stuffed with herbs, roasted corn, and parmesan.  The sauce was made of the piquillo peppers, wild mushrooms, and toasted pine nuts - similar to a chunky, roasted pepper sauce.  They placed grilled chicken on top of the ravioli, but I think I would consider it a win even without extra protein.  It came with two crostini that I thoroughly enjoyed sopping up the sauce with. Our friends had the pistachio encrusted salmon and the grilled chicken panini - according to them they both enjoyed their dishes.  The salmon came on a bed of lemony orzo and brocolini - I enjoyed orzo but felt the brocolini was a little bland and lacked flavor.  We all finished with two orders of the s'mores - thoroughly entertaining as we caught our marshmallows on fire!  S'mores are a little too sweet for me, but it's campy fun (see what I did there)?All in all a good time.  Our waiter was even nice enough to give us a free appetizer coupon on the way out - yay!  We look forward to stopping by soon!
1	Don't waste your money. Went on a groupon and even with that discount it was still terrible. Food is more in line with Zipps not a nice restaurant. only difference is I would give Zipps 3 stars as I expect Bar what I get there.
5	My wife and I tried Salut for the first time last night. As long-time Tempe residents, we were so glad to find a new place like this. The service was awesome and the food... incredible.First, the drinks - my wife had the Death in the Afternoon and I had the Lavender Lemon something. Both were excellently made. Second, the food - she had a chicken plate with farro (amazing!) and I had the Sun Devil turkey burger and the Salut Fries. This was easily the best turkey burger I've ever had. We also had the hummus nachos. All the food was just exceptional. Finally, the dessert - we had the s'mores. I've never been a s'mores fan but this was great. Came with a self-contained little fire to cook the marshmallows over. Overall, this was an exceptional experience and we will be back. Probably way too much.
5	There is only one word to describe Salut...PERFECTION!! My bridesmaids set up my bridal shower there and it was so incredible. We had the outdoor patio which was set up so we could all sit at one long table, but there were also padded booths so our preggos would be comfortable. The food---TO. DIE. FOR!!!!! The hummus nachos were so delicious with the balsamic drizzle! And all the brushetta's! And oh my gosh, the greek fries!! I could've eaten my body weight in those fries if I wasn't trying to fit into a wedding dress! The chef came out and we couldn't help but shower him with compliments. My maid of honor old me that the owner, Chris, treated her to a special tasting before the shower so she could select our food and that he was just so helpful, acommodating, and nice. I will for sure be back! Hoping to make this "our spot"! :)
4	I ordered several tapas and they were all great. The hummus nachos were the best. For drinks I had a Cucumber Mule and the Lavender. Both were fresh and well balanced. This is a great restaurant overall although the price remains a little high for the location. Almost a 5 star.
5	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is trendy and fun and the food is good. They have buy a bottle of wine and get one for $1...which is AMAZING for happy hour. You can make your own smores for dessert which is always fun. Everyone and I mean EVERYONE that works there was super friendly! This is my new hangout spot.
3	Overall, good.  I just had small plates and looked around.  The bruschetta looked just ok.  Good wine list/ok beer list.  The Greek fries, hummus nachos, and stuffed peppers were good, but not amazing.  $8 does seem a little steep for four small sweet cherry stuffed peppers.  If I go again, I'd try the chef's board, quinoa, or corn salad.  Bruschetta looked light the preparation may have been rushed.  Service was good in the beginning, but very slow toward the end of the meal.
1	happy hour menu read rolling rock and coors light for X dollars.  i ordered one and got less change than expected.  bartendar says the prices need to be updated.  chump change but i felt bamboozled.
5	The best atmosphere in Tempe, and great food and drinks to go along with it. The patio is going to be great when it cools down. Definitely try it out.
5	I went to Salut Kitchen Bar with my boyfriend since he was in town, and I happened to have found a deal off Groupon for it. We made a reservation for 7pm on a Monday night since we wanted a quieter atmosphere. Upon entering the restaurant we were immediately greeted by a host at the front door who led us to our seats. The server came out to get our orders and was very nice and helpful. He helped me choose my entree. We started out with cocktails which were served in crazy looking glass dishes and tasted awesome! I got the Lavender Lemon Fizz and my boyfriend ordered the Dark & Stormy. For entrees, we ordered the Pistachio Crusted Salmon and Chicken Chasseur. Once we tried our dishes, we were put in our happy places! The salmon was very moist and served on a bed of orzo pasta cooked in wine while the pistachio gave it that added crunchy texture. My boyfriend enjoyed the chicken chasseur as well. I would highly recommend coming back to this place, and the dark/quiet atmosphere is great for a date night on the weekdays!
2	We wanted to use a Groupon that included 2 flights of wine and a shared plate.  They refused to honor the Groupon because it was during their happy hour.  The Groupon isn't for a dollar amount so why does it matter??  I actually made the trip out there before learning of this since they didn't put this restriction on the deal so I was very unhappy.The food was actually decent, and I wish I could have had some wine with it.  I could see how it could have went well together.  However, I was not going to pay a cent more than I needed to satiate my hunger at this point.  I will say though that there was a piece of lint/animal hair in the hummus nacho plate and there were a couple of flies that we couldn't get rid of so I have to say that I'm not sure about the cleanliness of the establishment.The service was great, but its such a shame that the manager in charge at the time was so unreasonable about the Groupon deal.  Their hours are so limited during the week so really you have about an hour window to use this for dinner unless you want to eat late.  I try not to eat past 7pm so this Groupon is pretty much dead to me.
1	I am a food enthusiast, so when I read its reviews on good ol' yelp I thought it would be a great idea to by a groupon and check it out. The decour of the place is beautiful and very well maintained, but as I walked in my boyfriend and I kinda didn't know what to do so we stood around waited to be greeted. We were sat by a super polite host who told us our server would be with us shortly. The place was not busy at all, we were 1 of 3 couples in the whole area, and you can bet it took the server SEVENTEEN (17) minutes to come greet us and offer us water and suggestions. I did time it because my boyfriend and I were about to walk out of the locale. I ordered the specialty salmon and my boyfriend a burger. The salmon was lacking flavor and the side rice was nothing out of the ordinary. My boyfriend enjoyed the burger but he said it was nothing special. I have to give it to them on the drinks. We had the specialty drink with absinthe in it and it was quite tasty! I would still recommend this place because the atmosphere is quite nice and their specialty drinks are delicious. If they stepped up their customer service they would be amazing. Maybe it was because I was using a groupon? Regardless you should never treat potential guests poorly, it drives service away. I tipped 100% ($20) and even with the groupon my tab was $40. I promise you if the customer service was better and prompt I would a regular there. The place is nice!
5	Took my wife here for date night. One word........  AWESOME!!!!!  Great vibe in the place. Everyone seemed genuine in their efforts at providing excellent service (mission accomplished by the way).  The hummus nachos are awesome and the salmon my wife ordered was so good I ended up having to fight her for it. Tried a few of their specialty drinks and I must say that the lemon fizz drink thing is also AWESOME. I saw them installing TV's on the patio, can't wait to come back and have a few beers out there.
4	I came here last Friday with friends and a Living Social deal. The deal on the living social website clearly said it included two cocktails, one appetizer and an entree of my choice. When I brought up the deal on my phone, it showed it was only valid for the two drinks and one appetizer, NO entree. While that probably isn't the restaurant's fault, it was pretty annoying but didn't try and prove the error and just decided to enjoy myself. It's also important to note that you can't use a LS deal before 6 or 6:30 (can't remember which now). Hence the reason for the tiny print at the bottom that said 'Reservations Required'. Luckily they kept me hydrated with water while we waited the 20 minutes for my deal to be good. It's a cute spot and initially I was sat outside because the Happy Hour was hoping inside and no tables were available. I could see this patio as a really nice spot to come hang out once the weather cools off and enjoy their happy hour special of buy one bottle of wine, get the next one for $1. Unfortunately I had a big group of smokers join me on the patio and that mixed with the misters was pretty gross. Being a former smoker, I appreciate my clean air! It would be nice if they could go somewhere else beside the patio.Having said that, the server was friendly, sat us inside after about a 10 minute wait and she had no issues using the LS deal. I ordered the grapefruit martini and the Peach Fuzz Fizz as drinks and both were delicious! For an appetizer I chose the Peppy Dew Peppers. I wasn't sure what I was going to get but a new love of goat cheese prompted me to give them a try. When 4 little peppers were brought out on a wooden board (for $8), I was a bit surprised at the small portions. That was until I had my first bite. They were incredible! I loved them! Definitely crave worthy! Each pepper was two bites, which equals about a $1 a bite. Worth every penny in my opinion! We also shared the Salut Fries, which were pretty good. A nice dipping sauce would have really set them off though. All entrees were pretty good (Roasted Corn Salad with Chicken) and while their salad plates were oddly proportioned and it looked like you didn't get much, the salad filled me up and was really good. The server was great, attentive and friendly the whole night so I came out of there a happy camper that night.Fast forward to the next Friday and I'd been thinking about those peppers every day! I decided this time to take advantage of the LocalDines deal and head back for more of that pepper heaven and introduce my fiance to the best thing I've eaten in awhile. He agreed they were great! This time we opted for beers (hooray! They have Papago Orange Blossom!!) and shared a Sun Devil sandwich and the Italian Panini. Neither one was really great but I did eat more of the panini than the turkey burger and almost left my whole portion on my plate. The poblano pepper on the burger was super hot and I had to take it off and the turkey was dry. The panini was good, just nothing extraordinary. Our waitress was quite a bit slower this visit and never checked in with us so while it wasn't quite as great as an overall experience as the first time, I still be back for those peppers!
4	Had a couple craft cocktails, the hummus nachos, turkey burger & chicken panini...all tasty! Great service & love the tv's for watching games!
4	Must try the cinnamon toast crunch chicken and waffles... They are awesome!! Had the salmon bruschetta as well, pretty good, the potatoes were a little undercooked though.
1	Worst. Brunch. Ever.Seriously, I'm 46 years old and I've never had food this bad in my life. No joke! The eggs Benedict consisted of a small piece of toast sliced in two with a small piece of extremely fatty prosciutto, and extremely overcooked egg and about 5 drops of hollandaise sauce. My girlfriends over easy eggs were like a little overcooked slab of rubber with completely hard yokes. Waitress didn't seem to care and I'm pretty sure she was just trying to shove mimosas down our throats to keep us from realizing how bad the meal really was. Everything my friends son ordered they seemed to be out of, he wound up getting an undercooked waffle and rubbery eggs that were so bad he only took one bite from each. Our entire meal was a comedy of errors and bad food that wasn't even funny! Avoid it at all cost, zero stars for this place!
5	Awesome ambience , amazing collections. Nice people.
4	Right before I moved to Chandler, I got to try Salut! We started off with the Chef's board-5/5  but we did find out they switch thigns out due to availability so you never know what you are going to get.We have had all the Panini's. All delicious.Try anything with Halluomi cheese it's so tasty.My own main issue with this place is that  as a college student that used all of the social media, they marketed to me via instagram. Telling me to get wine. I am not a fan of alcohol (okay I am but I no longer drink).So as long as their media coordinator isn't working it is all good.
4	This spot used to be a not-so-yummy, poorly-prepared sushi bar. I'm happy to see that someone recognized and tapped the potential of this location and its layout--so happy that i'm sad to be leavin Tempe. Anywho, the decor is rem. of The Vig, the food is good, and the vibe...well let's just say that it's a place you wanna be. Im thinking about during a dept HH here. Also, this place made the best manhattan I've had in Tempe yet. Cudos to bartender who didnt introduce himself but made my 2manhattans drink-worthy each time :-)
3	Great food selection, and decent prices.  Has small portions, so make sure you order enough if super hungry.  Good atmosphere for date night!
2	First time here at Salut, granted I used a chicken deal: 2 wine flights and appetizer. This should feed 2?? We ordered the caprese kabobs, we received 3 kabobs, very small kabobs. When we received our wine flights we didn't get the name, place or any information mentioned about the wine. The atmosphere was very nice.
4	Finally got to try this place... Been drooling over their Instagram for some time now. Did not disappoint one bit.Went for a Sunday brunch and put down a few items:- Oreo Pancakes were amazing... Def recommend. Not too sweet either, great balance. - Cinnamon Toast Crusted Chicken & Waffles were the star of the meal. Juicy chicken with crispy crunch in eat bite and the waffle was the perfect texture and sweetness. - Bacon Beer Chorizo was our least favorite which was surprising. Sauce felt a little thick and wasn't very hot. Still a good dish, might have just been off that morning. - French Press Coffee was pretty solid too. Overall, great experience and will be back. Oh and that morning there was some live music which made the whole experience even better.
3	Simply put, the food is solid (fresh and creative menu options) but the service is a work in progress. We've tried Salut twice now, once for dinner and the other time for brunch. Both times we were very happy with our orders. For dinner definitely try the hummus nachos! Depending on your morning appetite, my bf liked the breakfast panini while I loved the fig parfait. Word to the wise- DON'T order coffee here. We were initially impressed that our coffee came in a French press, however, being that we also have a French press at home, we could quickly tell by the taste that the press filter hadn't been cleaned in some time. Finally, the service is in need of some coaching. I say coaching because while every server was extremely kind, they made too many mistakes. Dirty cups? No offer for cream or sugar with coffee? Wrong items on our bill? Again, nice people- they just need some help.
3	I came here with a few of my girlfriends to try out the happy hour; the buy one bottle of wine, get one for a cent really sounded awesome.  The happy hour here is only til 6:30 which I think is stupid but we were able to get in just in time to order.  The bartender was very quick in recognizing us and made sure to put our order in before HH ended.  Well it turns out the penny wine bottle is limited to three of their lower end wines, which was a little disappointing.  I think they should say that in their advertising.  They did carry a bottle from Peachy Canyon in Paso Robles (one of my favorite wineries), so that was pretty awesome.  We split the hummus nachos and the garlic fries; the nachos were pretty tasty, the fries were gross.  I really liked the atmosphere and decor, although the restaurant is pretty small.  The patio looked amazing but it was still too hot to sit outside and enjoy it.  Speaking of hot, it was really warm inside which made the experience a little uncomfortable.  The service was spot on, and the bartender really made us feel welcome.I liked the place enough to  buy a groupon to come back and try the specialty cocktails and entrees.  Maybe the second time will be the charm.
5	Halloumi bruschetta. Halloumi bruschetta. Oh my God, eat the halloumi bruschetta.
5	I went to Salut again, and as the novelty of this place is starting to wear off I still really enjoy this place. They have a genuine feel to this place, that I really like. I enjoy the food, the selection of wine and beer.. but mostly I do enjoy the service. I started off by trying the Odell 90 Shilling Ale from Colorado, which I might have had before but I enjoyed it. After mingled a while with an empty glass I wanted to try the pumpkin ale they have, but they ran out. Instead I tried a strange beer with a name like magic hat - the awesome transylvanian behind the counter wanted me to go for a super hopy number, but I wouldn't let myself be persuaded.  After Happy Hour I was, however, talked in to stay for dinner.. and I had the Chicken Panini, and also a half of the Brie Hive (so good) with the greek fries. Very tasty I must say. This was my third visit, and I am still just as pleased with this place. The food is good, but the service is personable and knowledgeable, and the ambiance intimate and mellow, and these are the true selling points here.
4	Went on a Sunday and enjoyed the bottomless mimosas, garlic fries and hummus nachos. Can I just say that the inventor of the hummus nacho is brilliant! Garlicky hummus on warm lightly toasted pita, with feta and pomegranate seeds...I died, so good! The garlic fries were good too, just a little greasy.
3	Was not impressed with the menu... Closer to overpriced bar food. Was not at all what I expected. Service was good and I was able to make reservations online.
2	Happy Hour should go until 7pm, but in this place it doesn't really matter. The prices of beer are in most cases lower for non-happy hour items. They charge $4 for a draft beer during happy Hour (unless you get Rolling Rock) and the domestic bottles are only $3 normally, so basically happy Hour pricing is useless. Another place that also picks and chooses what they want us to eat during happy Hour. They only decided to put four items on the HH menu. Most other dishes seem overpriced for a College area like Tempe. The patio is decent enough and one waitress should clearly be modeling something rather than slinging food to tables of college kids using daddy's money to buy expensive entrees.
2	This supposed to be a wine bar, yet they cater to the Bud Light crowd.  A few craft beers and the rest are your typical Bud, Miller Lite, Coors lights...Also, not a single AZ wine on the list.  Not impressed.
4	Loved this place! Grilled chicken panini is amazing! I also love the bruschetta choices! Can't wait to go back and try the hummus nachos! Their wine specials and happy hour are great for a relaxing date night or wine tasting with the girls. Definitely recommend this place and plan on becoming a regular!
3	Have been here a few times, this place started out strong when it first opened.  Very stylish look with reclaimed wood accents, a nice bar and a large covered patio.  The menu offers a wide selection of wines/beers and well crafted food dishes to match.  However the last few times I've been the quality of the food and focus/atmosphere has really deteriorated.  You get the feeling it's trying to be everything to everyone(ie: Oreo pancakes for brunch?!?) instead of focusing on the strengths.  Too bad cause this place is biking distance from my house and it could have been my goto spot.
2	I have been to Salut two different times.  The first time was for happy hour with a group of girlfriends and the second for mimosas.  Happy hour was great as far as drinks and the munchies.  They have a great outdoor patio that opens up into the dining room AND it's pet friendly - always a plus!  The service was great both times I went.  Absenthe is their "thing" however, I did NOT care for it.  But it is an awesome experience to share with friends and it's only $5...deal.  As far as the mimosas...eh.  I've had better.  They were made with some kind of concentrate and it was much more O.J. than it was champagne.  That will make for quite the harsh heart burn...yikes.  Again service was KILLER so I was still pleasantly surprised.  I also had the 'meaty' omelet....it was d'lish!  They do not let your mimosa even begin to get low before they're back filling it up again...although, I attribute that to the fact that they're primarily O.J.  Eh, oh well!  I'll stick to the happy hour ! =)
5	Took forever for me to try this place, but when there was no parking at Four Peaks, we came here. We were really impressed with the food! Well prepared, flavorful stuff! I had heard about their brunch & really want to try it (&the bottomless mimosas). The Salut fries (greek fries) were the best I've had-very well balanced in dressing and cheese. The Sriracha burger was great. Not too spicy, caramelized onions, wonderful bread & tender, well prepared burger. The waitress was very sweet & helpful. She mentioned this is a new menu & I have to say I'm all for it. The prices are a little steep, but for something so well done, how can you haggle?! We can't wait to go back and try the tapas too. Other tables ordered them & they looked amazing. Overall, it was awesome. I can't wait to go again & recommend it to friends.
5	Love the ambience and the service. My favs are the humus nachos, skinny Bitch and piquillo pepper ravioli. .. Yum!!A must try for any occasion!! salut :)
5	Oh so yummy. My boyfriend and I came in with our two dogs after hiking around Papago Park. We had the patio to ourselves when we first arrived, and this gave my dogs time to get used to the atmosphere. We happened to get there during happy hour and got caprese salad and humus nachos off of the happy hour menu. The humus was really flavorful but I expected something different with the name "nachos." It was essentially humus scoops on pita wedges drizzled with balsamic vinegar with a few pomegranate seeds and diced red onion for decoration. It was delicious, but not so much "nachos." I expected more toppings. The mozzarella in the caprese salad was also tasty, it seemed very fresh possibly even locally made. For the main event I ordered the brie hive and my boo got the sriracha burger. My Brie hive was exactly what I was looking for. The combination of toasted sourdough bread, warm brie, crisp apples, prosciutto, and arugula(?) was spectacular. I would definitely come back for that sandwich. My love really enjoyed his burger and it smelled great and looked so very juicy from where I sat. For our sides I got the regular fries and he got the greek salad. Both sides were good enough but the sandwiches were really the stars of the show.I also want to say that they were very welcoming to our two dogs. The chef brought them pepperoni dog treats to munch on and our waiter brought them a bowl of water. I thought that was very thoughtful of them and showed that they truly love animals. I really appreciated that added kindness.When the restaurant started to get busy around 6pm we decided to leave. Our dogs were getting skittish with all of the people. I would definitely come back and next time try out some of their craft cocktails and their smores.Just one small negative, they are right on University and that can give off some traffic sounds. There is also a low hum coming from the big power grid across the street, but you can only hear these clearly if no music is playing and you are sitting outside on the patio.
2	Came back to use my groupon; the service was friendly but I wouldn't say it was speedy by any means.  The cocktail I ordered was sickening sweet and I ended up trading with my fiance for his moscow mule.  The mule wasn't overly sweet but there were muddled cucumbers that got stuck in your teeth every time you took a sip.  I had the brie sandwich that seemed pretty small and uninteresing.  My fiance had a burger and that was really tasty.  The reason I took this place down a star is because we both ended up feeling sick the next day from the food.Bottom line, after trying this place out twice, is that I will only be back for the hh wine special.  This place has just missed the mark on the food.
3	Can't say I'd come back other than for maybe a happy hour.First I ordered a cheese board for the table. At $13 I expected a better selection of cheeses but we got a few chunks of 3 different cheeses, a handful of grapes, 3 big scoops of hummus and a few slices of green apple. *shrug* like that was it.  The waiter just dropped it off and bailed. I'm used to being asked if I'd like an explanation of the cheeses on the board or told w/o asking... nope. just dropped on the table. Later I asked him what type of cheese the marbled purplish one was... I got a confused look and a mumbled answer; to which he then disappeared again. My history with cheeses says it's a wine-soaked cheese of some sort but I guess I wasn't finding out. Entre... I had the Chicken Chasseur. Presentation was grand. Taste left a lot to be desired. It seems the chicken had some seasoning on it... pepper it seemed but I couldn't taste it and it was boring and bland. I had two others try it to confirm my opinion and they agreed. There was just no life to the dish. Looked good at first but it's just a plain frozen chicken breast on a plate with warm mushroom sauce and a slight smattering of mushrooms around the plate laid on top of farro. Stella pitcher was $20. That's fine but reminds me it's more of an ASU budlight kind of bar. The girl said her burger was good. and I did very much enjoy her fries. The girls said their drinks were good but I wasn't in the mood to try mixed drinks. They had a groupon and there seemed to be an over-abundance of limitations on said groupons but the girls got out fine, were happy with their meals and even got a couple desserts thrown in too.I'm not hating on the place but I don't find anything unique about it food-wise. I'd have givin it only 2 stars if the girls didn't enjoy their food like they did.
1	I went here after seeing a picture of their oreo pancakes on the flyer. (Menu description said cocoa based pancakes with white chocolate butter creme filling, and the photo actually looked like a big oreo) Sounds amazing right!? Well what i got was a normal buttermilk pancake with crumbled oreos and hersheys syrup on it... Not cool. Eggs benedict? More like eggs beneDONT! The yolk was hard and not runny at all, Hollandaise sauce was overly lemony, and the ham was probably oscar meyer. Fresh squeezed orange juice was luke warm.Even after comping the oreo pancakes due to false advertisement, the bill was still 84 dollars for 4 people's brunch. Not worth it.We were expecting great food based on their advertisements and pictures and this was just not the case. Ill be having brunch at crepe bar on weekends from now on.
3	interesting menu, pretty eclectic.  there for lunch and it was pretty quiet but I expect it rocks out with the college crowd in the evening.  had the cobb salad which was pretty good, blue cheese was tasty.  friends had their special fries with their burgers and didn't care for them.
5	Went here with a couple of friends on a Saturday night following an ASU game. The food was delicious and their craft cocktails are out of this world. I'm a firm believer that you can always judge a restaurant by the condition of their bathroom. Not only was the bathroom well kept, but it was one of cooler bathrooms in Scottsdale. The decor of the place was warm and they had a huge outdoor patio area. If you're in and around Tempe and looking for a laid back place to grab great cocktails, wine, beer or delicious food, look no further. I'll be back for their brunch next weekend.
4	Simply wonderful. The mushroom ravioli starter is by far the best ravioli I have ever eaten (this coming from a person who won't eat mushrooms!). There were three of us and the only mediocre meal was the quinoa salad, which was very blah. On to the next mouth blowing experience, the beer braised shrimp pasta. I can't even explain how fabulous this dish is; who would have thought beer makes a delicious pasta sauce?!? The decor is very interesting; we found ourselves searching for the next cool thing to look at. Staff was very accommodating and friendly. We will definitely return on our next visit to AZ, or maybe again before we leave tomorrow!
1	Such a disappointment!  We stopped in for brunch a week ago and sat on the pet friendly patio with our furry friend.  The service was quick, but the website and menu are very misleading!  I was craving the Oreo Pancakes after seeing them on their website and reading their description on the menu.  When they arrived, they were regular pancakes with Oreo cookie crumbles in them with a side of syrup...what???  The description says cocoa based pancakes with butter cream filling, white chocolate and caramel with Oreo crumbles...how does what I was served come even close to the picture on their website or this description?  EPIC FAIL!Just a tip...please update your menu and your website to represent what you are actually serving!
5	Best tasting hummus I've ever had -   Ordered the burger and wasn't disappointed - finished off meal with s'mores! Can't go wrong here -- will be back for more
4	Lovely establishment! Great wine and great atmosphere. $5 drink deals all day everyday with my favorite being the pitcher of rolling rock.  Recommend Greg as your waiter. He's the best and almost too nice. Salut!
4	Suffering from a late night craving for something sweet, S'mores in particular. I found a article that said this was one of the top 5 places for S'mores in Phoenix. I haven't tried the other 4 places. But so far this one gets my vote for the best. What makes it so good is you, you actually get to make the S'mores right at your table. The server brings you a plate with Hershey's chocolate, marshmallows, and graham cracker. And a little tiny flame burning stove to roast the marshmallows on! The only problem I see is if a couple a drunk people act all crazy once they order that dessert. I could easily see a drunk person throwing a burning marshmallow on another person.  We didn't get a chance to try any of the entrees there. We ate somewhere else earlier but we was craving something sweet and this did not disappoint. I will for sure go there again just for the dessert. The menu also looked like they had some good food as well.
5	Just found myself a new wine bar in Tempe!  Love this place - good wine, looks awesome inside, and the hummus nachos rock.  Staff is really friendly too, so I'll be back again for sure.
3	Used Dealchicken for 2 wine flights and an appetizer. The mushroom ravioli was pretty good but the wines in the flight were pretty unspectacular for being a wine bar. There was a hair in one of our dishes. They comped the dish and gave more Salut Fries to compensate. The fries were actually pretty tasty with an interesting citrus sauce. Eat 'em before they're soggy! Their bruschetta is not Postino's and I'll leave it at that. Cocktail drinks weren't very strong. Overall, friendly service but food was nothing to write home about. Probably not worth a return visit for me.
4	We went here because I had bought a Groupon.  I am so glad that we did.  The food and service were great!  We started with a couple of cocktails and the Humus Nachos (based on other reviews).  Yum!  My wife had a grilled sandwich and I went with a burger.  We each enjoyed our choices.  One thing that we did not care for was upgrading our fries to "Salut Style"  We finished things off with Smores for two.  All and all it was a great dinner and we look forward to coming back again soon!
5	So yummy! Everything is good here. Great service and the menu is totally to die for. Cute hostesses too! Awesome patio and really cool vibe inside :)
4	Brand new wine bar. Tried this place cause of Groupon, 3wines and an appetizer was a nice brunch. Met the owner great guy checked on us to see how we enjoyed everything
4	This place is worth trying! GO! we pasted by it several times then finally we went! Happy we did! Young crowed a lot like 4 peaks but older mature couples also. We like going here bc you do not have to wait for a table 30-45 min you can sit very quickly and the staff is extremely friendly *keep up the good work*. The Hamas nachos  are amazing so make sure you try them! We love the music but then some time the music goes off track and can kill the vibe. Soooo.... Try and work on the music and we would pro stay longer! But going back soon.
3	My first visit here all I had was the bruchetta and it was average. My second visit was for New Years. For being extremely busy, the servers were really on top of everything and made the experience pleasant. We started with the Bacon Brussel Sprouts and the Caprese Salad. Both were good but we prefered the brussel sprouts. For dinner I had the seafood pasta and my husband had the short ribs. The pasta was great but the ribs were dry and had a weird after taste. We ended with the tiramisu. All it was lady fingers dipped in coffee, covered with cool whip for about  $60 a person they could have put a little more effort into it.  Overall the experience was average.
3	Overall, I would probably go back to Salut, but I feel it could be much better.The design is pretty nice overall, but it was a little chilly inside.  The drink menu isn't super easy to follow and the beers don't even describe what style the beer is. For instance, Magic Hat was listed as a beer, but that's just a beer company with different beers. Also, they have several five dollar drink specials, but no $5 wines.  Since it's a wine bar, it would be nice to have a cheap wine option instead of a vodka red bull.  We had a bruschetta with apples, prosciutto, and goat cheese, along with some other stuff. Bread wasn't crisp and the ingredients were kinda boring. Would have been nice to see them chopped and mixed together instead of just being laid on top like an open face sandwich.We got two salads. Girlfriends, bacon Caesar had a ridiculous amount of celery. It was pretty much a celery salad. My Cobb was good but the chicken wasn't cut into small enough pieces to eat.  I guess I should have cut up the entire salad cuz the spinach pieces were huge too. My mouth is gigantic and it was hard to eat. Good flavor though.Prices were reasonable and service was good.  Sucks that it's a one person bathroom.
3	I had a good time at salut. My server was great I think he was Greek or somesort? I had the watermelon salad it was great the halo mi cheese was delicious.I also had a bite of the salmon with borocolini it was average, I ordered a wrap made with quinoa and hummus the idea was good behind the wrap, the warp itself was pretty unexciting. One thing that I didn't like is that I was told that the second Bittle of wine would be offered at 5 cent buy when I looked at my bill I was charged 15 dollars still for it.
4	Went here for diner with my girlfriend the other night. We really liked it, she had a hummus wrap and I had a brie-hive sandwich. The food was good and they have these fries called "salut style" which comes with some sort of garlic sauce and crumbled cheese, sounds weird but tastes pretty good. also the food has a wine pairing suggestion next to it on the menu which is cool
4	I came here with some friends for happy hour this past weekend. Loved it!!!They have happy hour 3-6:30pm everyday and also certain drink specials that run everyday. For drinks I got a Mojito. It was ok. I've been drinking all day so I wanted something on the lighter side. For food we got the sampler which comes with the hummus nachos, caprese salad, salut fries, and prosciutto wrapped melon. The hummus nachos were amazinggggg!!! I wanted to keep getting more! There were three of us so it didn't fill us enough so we ended up also ordering the Paquillo Ravioli with shrimp. I really loved the sauce that they had on this. I thought that the entree was a bit small, especially for $17. The service was really great here. The place has only been open for about a year but everyone was really friendly and accommodating. When we ordered the pasta they forgot the shrimp so they brought it out on the side after and took it off our bill. At the end, they forgot to bring us our check so my friend went to the bar to ask them for it. The manager came over and apologized and ended up giving us free shots to make up for it! Wow. I don't know about you guys but I don't know a restaurant that would give you free shots for that. I eventually want to come back to try their brunch and they also have bottomless mimosas on Sunday! I'll definitely be back for happy hour or brunch soon. Not to mention the workers are not bad to look at.FYI ladies.. =P
5	First off, solid choice for date night.  Good beers and they have good wines for a good price.  They always have some sort of special going on. Location is easy to get to and is far enough away from the ASU chaos.  Staff was very polite and on their game.  For an appetizer, we had the gluten free bruschetta.  Pretty tough to come by and I'm thankful they unlike so many other places have it.  I ordered the panini and very good flavor.  The Salut fries are hate them or love them and I so happen to love them. Overall, I was very pleased with my choice to come here and I happily go every other week or so when I want a nice chill place to have some good food and a glass of wine.  Cheers
2	Oh man....this place was....not good. I'm sorry to say it! It really was not good. I went here for brunch this morning with the bRUNch group (so, to be fair, there was a large group of people, but the ordering was staggered). A bunch of us got the 'cinnamon toast' chicken and waffles after it got a high recommendation from the waitress. This was one of the worst chicken and waffles I have ever had (and this was the consensus of everyone I talked to). The chicken was dry, bland, not sweet, did not have any flavor resembling cinnamon toast crunch, and was not even crunchy...it's in the title...come on. The waffle was spongy, you could barely cut it...there was no crunch to this either and it was bland...super bland. I ate maybe half...after running a 5k...so it's not like I wasn't hungry. The waitress came by to ask how it was and we all said ...ehhh.... and her response was 'oh well, people have different tastes.' This was not a matter of different tastes. I saw others' food including omelets and chorizo biscuits and gravy. The report was that the biscuits and gravy was even worse than the chicken, but I didn't try it, so I really can't say. I would say the only good thing at this restaurant was the mimosas, but they were tiny and overpriced. Will not be back, sorry guys!
5	I have been here quite a few times now, and each time the food and service is on point. I love all of the different bruschetta options, and my favorite thing to get is the Malbec burger. It's SOOO good. And of course the Salut fries are delicious. The last time I went I got a margarita and it was made perfectly and it came out quickly. Happy returning customer :)
5	I was very impressed with Salut. I don't often go to restaurants in Tempe, but I was happy I gave this one a try. My date and I started off with drinks and the hummus nachos. We both loved the nachos, they were served on a very tasty pita with a lot of flavor. We also split a burger and fries that was cooked perfectly. For dessert we had the s'mores, which I thought was very interesting, everyone has had s'mores, but rarely do you have the chance to order them when eating out.Overall, I liked the decor of the restaurant and thought the service was on point. Even though it's right near ASU, it wasn't your typical college hang out, which was nice when you're going on a date. I'd definitely go back to try some of the other dishes I saw at different tables.
5	We went there with a Groupon and were pleasantly surprised at how good the food and drinks were. Definitely will return. Ordered the shriracho burger and lavender lemon fizz. So delicious.
5	Came here with my girlfriends and OMG! Hummus nachos are to die for. So much flavor just explodes in your mouth. They also have half off bottles of wine every Sunday. Wish there was a place like this in Dallas where I live now. Great food and service will be back
5	Finding new places to eat when you are gluten free can be challenging.  The food was great.  The melon wrapped in prosciutto and the bruschetta I had was amazing.  I would definitely go back.  Would have been even better if I could have had a gluten free sandwich, but there were several options.
5	The excellence continues... Having returned more than ten times since my first review, Salut just keeps getting better. It's great for groups, intimate dinners or casual double dates.
2	After reading the glowing reviews here, I decided to go there for happy hour and I now find myself wondering if I was in the same restaurant that got those excellent reviews.  The atmosphere is nice and the service was good.  The food was not good.  I ordered the appetizer sampler plate.  The caprese tomatoes were hard and not ripe.  The mozzarella was not fresh.  The prosciutto was wrapped around cantaloupe that was not ripe and hard as a rock.  The fries were cold.  I will say the hummus nachos were very good, but since that was only 25% of the dish, it did not redeem that food.  I mentioned all this to the server as I think feedback is important, but she just gave me a blank stare.  I will not return.
4	My friend and i sat on the patio, it was so nice outside. :) cute beach vibe with the bench chairs and all. Love all the lightings too. The hummus nacho was delicious. Its a musttt. :))My friend got the bruschetta pesto. That was tasty, kind over kill with the tomatoes,  but it was good.Drinks. PheewwwwGrapefruit basil martini was sooooo friendly. One was enough for me. Haha :)The peach fuzz.. ehhh.. all I taste was juice. So negative on that.  Haha.I want to go back and try their entrees :)
5	My new favorite wine bar in the valley! The food is unique and absolutely delicious! The service is fantastic. They are attentive, fun and very personable to all who come in. You can definitely tell the owner is very passionate about his restaurant and it shows. I will be back again and again!
5	We had a patio table and had an excellent evening.  The atmosphere was warm and friendly, and the waiter accommodated our 2 kids without any problems.  The hummus nachos were incredible- I'd have to have this again.  I wasn't crazy about the gouda proscuitto bruschetta, mainly due to the jam on the bread, but it wasn't bad.  The chicken chasseur was excellent, as was my husband's piquillo ravioli.  We've heard a rumor that there may be another Salut kitchen opening in Phoenix and we look forward to that as it would be closer.  Definitely a great meal!
4	I came in a large group and they weren't prepared for us, even though we had a reservation. Poor guy was running around to take care of all of us! I had the grilled chicken panini with a fried egg. Yum. I was such a fan that I came back that following weekend for brunch. The brunch portions were definitely smaller, but the breakfast potatoes are delicious!
4	My boyfriend I came here with a Groupon one day after work. The place is very dimly lit and I wouldn't recommend sitting by the door which is where we were seated even though we had a reservation and the restaurant was not at all busy when I arrived there. There is a dining room with more space but the bar area is a very tight space and our waiter was constantly having to step out of the way of people so that they could walk by our table. So the food:We both ordered the sriracha burger and that was probably a mistake on both our parts. I love spicy and my boyfriend can't handle as much spicy as I can but neither of us could really enjoy the burger because it was just way too spicy. When we took the sauce off though it was really good. The fries were VERY good. We both preferred the regular fries to the Salut fries though. The Salut fries have an interesting sauce on them that I wasn't a fan of for two reasons: 1) They made the fries soggy and 2) They also had a real tangy greek flavor that I just couldn't enjoy with the fries. We each ordered a drink because it came with our Groupon. My boyfriend got this delicious cocktail called the Lavender Lemon Fizz which was really good, the waiter said it was one of the more popular drinks and I can see why. I got the Peach Fuzz Fizz and it was pretty good but I definitely liked the Lavender drink better. Overall I think I would got back but only with Groupon because their prices are a little steep for what they offer, I think you pay more for the Wine Bar atmosphere.
3	If my visit had stopped with the drinks and appetizers, this would have been a 4 or 5 star review. The hummus nachos and goat cheese filled peppers are really delicious. The cocktails were good as well.  I had a skinny mojito which was spunky and refreshing.  A short while after ordering our meal we had someone tell us our food was 12 minutes out. That 12 minutes turned into over an hour. We were then told the food was put on rush, but it came out lukewarm at best. My husband's burger was tasty but was well done and he wanted it to be medium rare. I had a brie sandwich and my friend had a grilled cheese that we split. Neither were that amazing. Maybe if they have been hotter they could have been.  Our other friends got a chicken pasta dish, which they said was actually really amazing. To his credit, the manager did offer us dessert to make it right and it was good, so it shows he cares. The server was good, and nice. The main issue was just how backed up the food was. The atmosphere was really cute and charming. On a less busy night this may be a place to visit again, but most likely just for drinks and appetizers.
5	Awesome!  We happened upon this place after Four Peaks was packed and we didn't want to wait an hour for a table, and so incredibly glad we did!  Walked right in and were seated right away.  It has a love ambiance, warm, dark and inviting.  The service was fabulous, loved the gal helping us, she was friendly, helpful and just a solid human being.  The happy hour runs through the weekend, so we were able to snag some great deals on food - the shoe string fires (Salut Fries) with lemon and cheese was UNBELIEVABLE!  I am fairly sure it took us roughly 2.6 minutes to clean up the whole thing.  Fresh ingredients, homemade balsamic reduction, and deliciously and plentiful beer and wine options makes this place a totally win!  They have a cool array of absinthe drinks too, which we didn't try but they looked intriguing.  We loved everything about this spot and will totally be back when we are in the area!
4	My friend and I came to Salut Kitchen and Bar to use a Groupon, but we ended up coming on a Sunday during brunch time.  Even though I had my eyes set on hummus and wine, we had a great brunch option.  My friend got chicken and waffles, but the chicken was crusted with Cinnamon.  It was exceptional from the one piece that I tried.  I usually am not a big fan of chicken and waffles.  I got Eggs Benedict, and it was the best Eggs Benedict that I have ever had.  The key ingredient is some sort of tartiness with lime or lemon that gave a zesty flavor.  I wanted more, and I will have to make a trip back here to use my expiring Groupon.
1	I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately it gets one star for the food alone. Maybe other things on the menu are better, but definitely steer away from the egg paninis. Maybe they ran out of ingredients? The vegetable one, which was supposed to have vegetables on it, had what seemed like less than an egg, one slice of tomato, 3 leaves of wilted spinach and some red onion. It was ALL greasy bread with no flavor (nothing really was inside of it). All that for $10.The service was good, but with so many other options in the area, why waste your hunger?
5	I've been here twice with co-workers--very nice place to go after work! They have great happy hour specials on cocktails (TRY the lavender cocktail!!) and good appetizers to share with friends. We love the 4-for-$12 bruschetta deal, and the S'Mores is fun for dessert.They have a good menu of salads, burgers, sandwiches, and tapas-style options. Also check out their specials, one for every day! We most recently sat on the patio, which was a great atmosphere. You can also sit indoors or at the bar. A friend is coming in this week and I plan to take her there.  Highly recommend this cool new place for intimate time for two, or a small group of friends.
5	I've been here a few times since I live really close to it and it has yet to disappoint me. I usually go in for their great drink specials and their happy hour but recently I went in and had some food. Their food is great! I recommend the "Hummus Nachos". The staff is super friendly and the owners are great guys. The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly and a big difference from other Tempe area bars and eateries.  If you want the quality and service of Scottsdale but with a more laid back down to earth atmosphere then Salut is the place for you!
4	Great place for lunch in Tempe and as a first timer was not disappointed. We went for the $5 Beer and Grilled Cheese special on Friday, which we paired with a free hummus nachos. The sandwich was basic, but tasty, and the beer was Rolling Rock. The nachos were okay, not what we were expecting, but they were free with our coupon. Patio feels like Scottsdale and you can't even notice the busy University Drive. Well definitely be back another time for wine and smores.
4	I have driven by this place countless times and had written it off as a place I probably wouldn't try. I saw Rachel's review pop up last week on Yelp and decided to look at it and was actually very intrigued by their menu and bookmarked it as a place to try. Opportunity presented itself soon enough as a friend scored some tickets to the Improv and I suggested we grab dinner here since it's down the street. We made reservations but it wasn't really necessary since it wasn't too busy when we came. Our server Chris was very kind and checked in on me a couple of times while I waited for the rest of my group. The water they serve is cucumber infused so be wary of that as it caught one of my friends off guard. I contemplated between the sriracha burger and the bacon grilled cheese but went with the later with regular fries and a sangria. The grilled cheese was delicious and the honey butter definitely added a unique touch. Two of my friends had the malbec burger which they loved, and the other had the brie-hive and she liked it as well.I love the atmosphere and their patio is really nice. It was windy while we were there so it was a little cold but on a nice night it's probably gorgeous. I'm already planning my next trip back
5	This restaurant is amazing! The servers are prompt, courteous, and efficient. I was incredibly impressed. This place might have the best value for your dollar in tempe. The bartenders are also awesome. Brandon was exceptional and very personable.
1	Very disappointing,  we both had the chicken panini, should have been called grilled bread panini.. We complained, we were told that they would have to charge us extra for more chicken? Seriously,  there was three small chicken pieces the size of your pinki. The red wine was warn? They did charge use for only one grilled bread panini and the hummus nachos are excellent.
3	Service was great and patio are is very chill. There was live music on Sunday which was cool. Downside is food is nothing special. Pretty mediocre and way over priced. Looks cheap until they add the extra few dollars for any protein. Menu was dirty too which is gross. I would only go back for the outside are and great greek fries. Salads are pretty bland and corn salad was about two bites. So small! Lots of other places I would rather go to. Need to work on the kitchen.
4	So I am officially obsessed, considering I have been here two more times since my last review. My only two complaints after a total of 3 visits are that the booths are very small and if you sit outside there is a slight fly problem. But otherwise the food and service has always been on point. As far as drinks go, I've had The Salut, Oh Honey!, and Bird Call, all of which I enjoyed. Bruschetta I've had the pesto, chicken & hummus, sriracha blt, and roasted garlic. My favorites so far are the chicken & hummus and the pesto. Food wise I've had the Malbec and Sriracha burger. The Malbec burger is SO.GOOD. Like stop what you're doing, drive to Salut and get it good. Last night I had the sriracha which was good, don't get me wrong, but the combination of flavors in the Malbec is so bomb. I also prefer the regular fries to the salut fries because I like to dip in ketchup but to each their own.
3	I love this place! This is a hidden gem in Tempe! Finally a place w class and good taste!! Amazing cocktails, ammaaaaazing burgers, and amazing service!!! I moved to Tempe from Scottsdale and have found it very difficult to eat out here but this place has everything I'm looking for in a culinary experience. Highly recommend it! Edit: I found after I went home that this place sells a $15 Pinot noir for $38!!! And their fresh squeezed orange juice which is $12 a carafe is actually minute maid poured into an unnamed container. Food is good but now that I've explored more wine bars, I'd say this one is really falling behind.
4	We just discovered this place with Groupon yesterday, and I am so glad that we did! The atmosphere is really nice, with lots of hanging lights on the patio seating area (which is dog friendly, btw). Also, it's quiet in that area as well, so it's great for a date night or a nice meal with a friend. My boyfriend and I ordered burgers. I had the sun devil with the Salut fries and my boyfriend had the Salut Burger with the Greek Salad. Both of us REALLY enjoyed our meals. The buns were nice and light and soft and the chipotle aioli that came on the sun devil was delicious! It was creamy with just enough kick not to overwhelm everything. Because our groupon came with 2 cocktails, we were able to venture out and try a couple drinks we might not have tried (they are a little expensive- about $10 avg, but you do get a pretty big glass, so I suppose it evens out). I had the house margarita and it was very smooth, and super delicious. They sweeten it with agave nectar and add a couple limes. It was a great combination. My boyfriend had an orange/rum cocktail called the Dark & Stormy, and he liked it so much he had 2! I think it had a dark rum and ginger beer and a couple of other things in it. Like I said earlier, the ambiance is wonderful, and our server was very nice. The only reason I docked off one star is because the chairs on the patio were a bit uncomfortable and the menu layout was a little confusing (it took us a bit to find what we were looking for, and a lot of things are on separate sheets of laminated paper). However, we did have a lovely time, so I don't want to take away from that! :)
3	Bruschetta was good. Nice selection of wines, which is kinda important for a wine bar. Burger was tasty. Greek salad was disappointing. Music is hipster but pleasant. Decor is rugged + industrial; whatever it works.Would absolutely swing by for some wine and an appetizer on a lazy evening. But would not pay more than happy hour prices. Portions are a little small and food is overpriced.
5	Great brunch!   Dog friendly non-smoking patio.  Really good service and excellent food.   We had the bacon beer chorizo benedict, really great.   Can't wait to come back for mimosas.
5	Server Greg was great and the food was amazing! First time here and we sat on patio which was very comfortable with padded seats and backs. Had the hummus nachos which were delicious! Then the malbec burger that we shared. Tons of flavor! I am not a big burger fan but i would come back for that! Half price wine sunday too which you cant beat.
4	Fantastic service on a Saturday morning brunch! I had the biscuits and beer chorizo gravy. It had a nice kick and tasted delicious. My friend got a panini with a side of potatoes which were  also pretty amazing. Toss in some fresh squeezed orange juice and I'm a happy customer. Ambiance is nice. Outdoor patio is well shaded, but beware sitting by the flowers, there are lots of flies.
5	Did you know there is a such thing as happy hour on a Saturday? I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I had good things from friends but driving past I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The server (Amanda) was great, food was excellent, and the drinks were delicious. I will definitely be coming back!
5	This place is really great. Me and my roommate found this place over a month ago on a Saturday morning and we've been going back almost weekly for brunch and drinks.The menu is very creative, it has things (for brunch) such as "cinnamon toast crunch chicken and waffles" and "hummus nachos". After trying about half the menu i'm pretty much at the conclusion that everything is really good.The bar staff is excellent. Brandon and Iuila have been fantastic in recommending foods and drinks.If anything, make sure you drop by for brunch. They do penny mimosas ($18 all you can drink) and live music on Sundays. Overall awesome experience.
5	We were looking for a Gluten free restaurants. I found Salut on Yelp. My wife had Roasted Corn Salad, my mother in-law and I had the Salmon... All were delicious. Service was great!! We will be back!!
4	I'm in town from Denver and came here with my cousin for lunch and drinks. The place was virtually empty, and I'm not sure why! The good was pretty good, drinks were on par with most bars/restaurants, and the service was friendly. I'm bummed we missed the weekend brunch - seems like a great deal!
4	Amazing chicken and waffles!!! Service was a bit slow but food was well worth the wait. Drinks were strong and tasty. Overall a great brunch spot
2	Staff needs some more training. The food is good. The mules are good. The best part is the S'mores! Other than that, out of the 2 times we've taken our out of town guests here it has been a pretty mediocre experience. Doubt we will be returning. Had a party of 4 and a party of 9 on each experience. Staff is friendly but they screwed up a lot. Completely wrong orders, asked questions about the menu and was told one thing but the opposite happened. Just bizarre overall.Oh Honey! Mule* (autocorrect on the photo)
4	Thanks so much for a lovely experience. So nice to sit outside under the misters on a warm afternoon. Hummus nachos went well with the delicious and unusual cocktails. The lavender gin fizz was terrific. Our salads were so freshly prepared with spinach, avocado, and a lovely bit of salmon. Great ambience outdoors, and a nice wine list to boot.
5	Came back here again once for dinner before a show at Gammage with my mother and once with my husband for Valentine's Day. Still as great as ever! The S'mores were awesome! I made it for happy hour with my mom and the happy hour apetizes and wine were super yummy and for a great price! The owners here really do know how to cater to the customers. When I was making reservations for Valentine's Day, I actually messaged them on Facebook and they got back to me right away. I think it's great when businesses actually have someone manning their social media regularly. I'm looking forward to a Monday where we can get s'mores and a bottle of wine for $20 after 8pm! I'll definitely be back!
4	One of my friends suggested going to Salut for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We show up and get seated. The glasses that are used are made from recycled wine bottles which adds for a unique atmosphere. On top of that, a few of the cocktails are made from recycled liquor bottles.The breakfast menu is comprised of interesting concoctions, including Cinnamon Toast Crunch Chicken and Waffles, Oreo Pancakes, and a few various egg dishes. We also started off with a couple of coffee's. I had a cappuccino, and my friend had a latte. The coffee was absolutely fantastic, and I'm pretty sure that it was also imported from Italy. The small batch coffee was a little sweeter than your standard coffee shop.The service was polite and friendly, though I think that they could use a little more menu knowledge. The food was great, and overall I enjoyed the experience. On Sunday's they also offer $18 endless mimosa's.Between the great food and awesome drinks, This place is definitely worth stopping in.
2	Please don't order the panini- any of them. We met some friends for brunch this past Sunday and the three girls each got different paninis while the guys got omelets. I got the veggie which was supposed to have egg, spinach, onion, tomato, and a garlic aioli.  It did, but barely. When it arrived, I opened it up on my plate and everybody gasped- there was about a teaspoon sized dollop of egg, 3 spinach sprigs, a couple of pieces of diced tomato and onion. Zero garlic aioli. There was a little more egg on the other half, but the rest of the ingredients were the same level of barely there. I showed our server when he came back and he was mortified and brought me a huge plate of scrambled eggs to add to the sandwich. In the meantime, the other girls had realized the same thing was happening on their paninis so we ended up sharing the extra egg to try and build some kind of substance. The boys said their omelets were decent, but nothing to rave about. Also, they charge $1.50 extra for a tiny bowl of fruit- seriously, about 3 grapes and a couple pieces of melon. The bill for my husband and I, including a bacon bloody mary and one of their Mules was $47.50...pretty ridiculous considering there couldn't have been more than $3 worth of ingredients on my sandwich. In the restaurants defense, we saw dishes go past that looked really good. Maybe go for the waffles or another big breakfast dish because those all seemed legit. I don't know why they even have paninis on the menu since they clearly don't want to make any kind of effort with them.
1	Tried to like this place and have given it numerous chances. I've been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have always had a bad experience. Service is poor, food is not good and overall the place is overpriced for what you get. There are small, basic things that could be changed to help this place out. Tempe could use a great wine bar with dog friendly patio.
5	Love'd the Quinoa bowl salad.  That dish was A+ ... after all, where do  you get a dish like that.  Since our night started at the bar, I also want to acknowledge bar tender Carissa and her apprentice Paul for making the start of out evening a blast. They had us autographing corks to be hung on the wall.  It was a fun night.
4	Meant to stop in for happy hour apps and cocktail, but instead tried their Restaurant Week $30 three-course menu (app, entree, and dessert) and a glass of house wine (cabernet or pinot grigio), or draft.  I decided to try the Goat cheese-stuffed Peppadews, the Malbec burger (comes with Salut fries), and Chocolate cake, with a glass of cabernet to compliment the burger.I've had peppadews stuffed with goat cheese before (at Fez), so I knew these would be tasty.  The peppers were raw (as opposed to the roasted peppadews at Fez, or that's how I recall them to be, anyway), so they added crunch to the experience, and were stuffed with a sweetened goat cheese filling, then sprinkled with herbs and drizzled with a very mild-tasting vegetable oil.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salut-kitchen-bar-tempe?select=H7ExguXj2xipVp4CTDxM4Q#H7ExguXj2xipVp4CTDxM4Q  I ate two of the four peppadews (to pace myself for the coming burger and dessert...).I ordered the Malbec burger without mushrooms and tomatoes (allergies), and while Maham forgot to ask how I liked the temperature, she said she asked for medium ("red in the center"), but the burger arrived without any hints of pinkness at all.  However, it was still juicy and tender.  The bun was good- looked and tasted like it may be supplied from a local bakery.  Without the mushrooms and tomatoes to temper the sweetness from the caramelized onions, this burger tasted almost too sweet.  No matter- I just took a few Salut fries, shoestring fries topped with feta and parmesan, which leant the saltiness to counter the sweet onions.  Loved the citrus vinaigrette drizzle on the fries- YUM!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salut-kitchen-bar-tempe?select=AiLPBPynnsej5zssNM6x1g#AiLPBPynnsej5zssNM6x1gFor dessert, I had my choice of S'mores, cheesecake, or chocolate cake, and I almost can never say no to chocolate cake, especially when the description mentions a drizzle of both chocolate and white chocolate sauces, but as you can see, my dessert only came with a dark chocolate drizzle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/salut-kitchen-bar-tempe?select=58Yym4133_Nrx9H61x2M4A#58Yym4133_Nrx9H61x2M4A  My sadness was only fleeting, as I tasted my first bite... oh, this cake tasted definitely of homemade dark chocolate batter, sauce, and ganache filling and frosting!  (No use of powdered sugar, cornstarch, or corn syrup- I asked!)  One of the best-tasting chocolate layered cakes I've tasted in a long time, complete with semi-sweet mini-chocolate chips on the outside edge...  Not very sweet, so I ate about half of it- oops!  :)I hadn't planned on participating in Restaurant Week this season, but I'm glad to be able to recommend Salut's participation.  Thank you, Salut and Maham, for making RW fun again!
4	Love this place!  Great atmosphere, great food, great beers, and cool drinks.  They seem to have some great happy hour specials but brunch is where it's at.  We'll be back for the grill cheese and beer thingie too.
3	I stopped in yesterday for a drink and dinner and had a wonderful meal. The Malbec burger was to die for!!! I was a bit disappointed in the service as it was quite slow but maybe it was an off night for them. I'd go back for a second try and there's a groupon too, so why not!
5	I've got to say I absolutely LOVE this place. The service, and food are amazing on their own, but the drinks? Oh good lord. The bartenders here blow these other chumps I'm Tempe out of the friggin water. They are all beyond friendly and happy to hold a long chat with you, and their mixing skills are definitely on point. This is definitely my go to place if I don't feel like lowering my standards for a drink.
4	This place has great food, we tried the hummus nachos which were awesome!! The bruschetta was good and the salut fries were super delicious and garlicky. Of course we tried the s'mores which they bring to you with a mini pit to toast your marshmallows! Soo cool! The place is very nicely decorated, but it was sure hot in there!!!!
5	This is a great brunch place (they offer brunch on Saturday and Sunday).  I opted for the breakfast nachos, which were great.  My husband ordered the Oreo pancakes.Bottomless mimosas are on the menu as well as bacon Bloody Mary's.  Food and service was great.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Went to dinner with friends last night (party of 7) and enjoyed a nice evening out.  The service was a little slow, had to wait a while to get our drink order in although they did bring water out right away.  We started out with the hummus nachos and they were very tasty.  My husband who doesn't like hummus had two.  He had the Malbec Burger and upgraded the patty to bison.  He said it was delicious.  He also got the Salut Fries which were very tasty.I had the Sun Devil Turkey Burger w/out the bun.  The turkey had a little bit of a kick to it which i liked a lot.  The only minus was that I asked for no onion and there was on hidden underneath the lettuce and wrapped up.  I almost took a bite of it.  Close call but my keen senses helped me to avoid disaster.Also, a note about auto-gratuity...if you have a party of 6 or more they add 18% gratuity but for some reason it is noted on the receipt by the server and not added into the total.  So I calculated the split check amounts including the gratuity and noted on the receipt which card to charge which amount.  The server let me know that we couldn't do it that way - we had to charge the amount without the tip and then add the tip.  Which he let me know 3 times, was merely a suggestion and that we could tip more if we'd like.  I get it dude, this is not my first rodeo.  Repeatedly asking for a bigger tip has never inspired me to dig into my wallet.  Not once.  Other than the snafu with the check at the end a very pleasant evening and great atmosphere.
4	Salut is in an entirely unassuming part of Tempe, but it's a happy surprise! Once inside this little restaurant in a newer strip mall, it's a delightful eatery filled with character and personality. Once inside, you'd never know what was around you on the outside. The atmosphere is intimate and charming with dark wooden and metal features, dining table spread throughout the restaurant and a large bar taking up a lot of the space. They also have a small patio that is dog friendly!First off, the happy hour here is amazing. They do $5 bottles of house wine and you don't even have to open it there. You could just simply take it home with you! I recently dined here before seeing a show at ASU Gammage and found it to be a perfect restaurant before a show. It's just east of Rural on University but only about a 5-7 minute drive to the theater. My friend and I shared the bruschetta and the corn and goat cheese salad. You get to choose four bruschettas for $12 and each one is cut into two. The salad was on the smaller side. After eating the meal, I think we could have gotten one more item to share in order to leave completely full, but the food was excellent! I think I could have easily enjoyed the order of bruschetta to myself. We got four different kinds: Chicken & Hummus, Wild Mushroom, Fig, and Prosciutto with Apple. I really enjoyed all three but my two favorites were the Fig and Proscuitto. The bread was very soft and delicious. The salad was flavorful complete with corn, goat cheese, chicken and avocado. It was a delicious salad but I wouldn't suggest splitting it if you're really hungry. Save it for yourself! The food, environment and price was all very delightful and I will definitely return again for another visit!
2	My husband and I had visited once before when they first opened.  We were not particularly impressed but we wanted to return because they were new then and we wanted to give them time to figure things out.  We enjoy drinking and truly appreciate the talent behind a craft cocktail.  We were elated to see a craft cocktail and wine bar in Tempe.  I had the Lavender Lemon Fizz and it would have been a great drink with much less lavender syrup.  He had the Manhattan which specified on the menu that it came with Carpano Antica sweet vermouth.  It did not.  It also said it came with an Amarena Cherry but it was just a maraschino.  Craft cocktail descriptions and classic Mill bar execution.  Decorations and atmosphere are great and food has been good each time, but drinks are lacking.  Would return, but would have to switch to wine or beer.
5	Excellent food and atmosphere. Not a kid friendly place but great for group of friends. The fries are amazing so was the burger. The cucumber water was great I've never had it before and am craving it all the time now.
5	Love this bar!  Peppadew peppers are amazing!  Solid tap selection, and great service. The owner, David, is always walking around chatting with everyone. Great atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
3	I've come here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner and both were pretty average experiences. The first time I came here was with my husband for brunch, I ordered the breakfast nachos which were quite tasty, but my husband's cinnamon toast crunch chicken & waffles fell flat. The chicken was pretty bland, and there was nothing really memorable about the waffle. Save the calories for Lolo's because it wasn't worth wasting on this dish. The second time I came here was with some friends for dinner, we shared the hummus nachos, which like the breakfast nachos were delicious. For my main course I ordered the Summer salad which sounded way better on paper than it was. It was a spinach salad that included mostly spinach with a few measly toppings. Most of the bites I had were just spinach since the toppings were so chintzy. I also tasted my friend's brie and prosciutto panini, which was oddly bland considering those ingredients are typically full of flavor.Can't say I will choose this place again, as there are plenty of other more tasty options in the area.
1	I really enjoyed the Bloody Mary but I ordered a waffle and it was god awful. Also they sat my party of 8 outside where it was hot and gross. The misters were not even blowing in our direction. The service was not great and they hardly checked on us. What a waste of money! I am never coming back!
5	This place was awesome! My best friend and I met up for some post work drinks and had never been here. She ordered me the house wine that was on happy hour and delicious! We got there and everyone was super friendly and attentive. We started with the salut fries, which are AMAZING! Garlic fries with like parm on there. I had the salut burger and added a fried egg! It was to die for! To top off the visit one of the owners came out to greet us and asked about our experience. He ended sharing a but about his background from Greece. GREAT FOOD, DRINKS, and COMPANY!
3	Went here with a Groupon for 2 craft cocktails and 2 burgers with Salut fries or Greek salad.  The craft cocktails were far too sweet for our taste and pretty small for the price - next time I'll stick with wine or beer.  The burgers were large and excellent with homemade buns.  My turkey burger  was meaty, juicy and full of flavor.  The burgers were so big we both took half home.The Salut fries are regular fries with Parmesan and feta cheese plus a lemon vinaigrette which I felt made them somewhat soggy- I would have preferred plain fries.  The Greek salad was a Greek salad, enough said.Parking was easy since the restaurant is in a strip mall on the edge of Tempe, unlike going to Mill Ave. I'd go back to try some of the nachos or a chef's platter with wine.  Definitely steer clear of the craft cocktails if sickly sweet isn't your thing.
4	The Women Who Wine visited Salut Kitchen Bar yesterday. We had a lovely experience from start to finish. Sunday's special is half-priced bottles, so the 6 of us shared a couple of bottles of one of my favorite Lodi, CA, Zinfandels, Klinker Brick, which is not all that common in wine bars. Our server, Chris, an adorable cutie from Cypress, was attentive and helpful, even arranging for an extra portion of their signature appetizer, the hummus nachos. The nachos come in 5 portions, and there were six of us, so Chris went back to the kitchen and got us the extra at no charge. The appetizer was delicious too, with tasty hummus on toasty pita bread with pomegranate seeds, and some yummy balsamic reduction drizzle.The prices were very reasonable, and for 6 of us sharing 3 bottles of wine, a very nice cheese platter and two of the Hummus Nachos, with a 20% tip cost us a mere $23 each. The place is not far from ASU, and is obviously aimed at a younger crowd, but the manager was accommodating enough to turn down the music upon request. My only complaint would be the un-cushioned metal chairs, which were not all that comfortable for older lady bottoms and backs. I will definitely go back.
4	Absolutely love this place. I never knew it was so close to my house! My band and I went there last night and everyone was pleased. We all loved the recycled mentality of the decor and vision of the owners. I had the Brie-Hive sandwich on sourdough with the Salut fries (I could live off of those fries, they were so good!) And then we got the s'mores. We shall be back!
2	Came in a while ago and it was great came in again this past weekend and looked like all new staff. Our waitress took 30 min to get our drink order. Meanwhile she took two tables who sat down after us their drinks and food order before our drink order. We were her only three tables. After that it took her another 30 min to get our food order then never came to check on us we had to ask three times for the check and a box. After this past experience I probably won't come back.
5	I drove by this place once and thought it looked like a great place. And yes it was. The burger was excellent, a good recommendation from Alex. I will be back to try the fillet.
3	Figured I would give this place a try even though the food is a bit pricey. Atmosphere is very nice and the bartenders are great! I ordered the chicken sandwich with a side salad. Salad was great but the sandwich itself lacked real flavor. I was all set to give out more stars but I noticed the big guy in the glasses (manager?) giving multiple drinks out for free to ONLY women at the bar. Nice, dude. Classy move. Also, I saw the bruschetta, don't order it if you expect it to be like Postinos...
5	I love, love, love the food here! They have amazing deals as well that make it so easy to make Salut a prime spot to go to on the reg! My favorite is the siracha panini and the PENNY MIMOSAS!!!!
4	Tried this place for dinner a few nights ago. Was greeted by friendly staff and a nice, cozy atmosphere. The waitress was super patient as we couldn't decide what to order...everything sounded delicious! We started with the hummus nachos. In my opinion, it's an absolute must!! The pita bread was perfectly toasted. The balsamic gave the perfect balance. Topped with a pomegranate seed to bring it all together.I ordered a burger and requested it to be prepared medium. It was more on the medium well side. Not a deal breaker. It was still very juicy! I do wish there were low carb options. Maybe lettuce wrapped?Still, this is definitely a restaurant that has earned a return visit.
4	I've been to Salut regularly (15+ times) since they opened last year. Overall, it's a great addition to Tempe and I really enjoy it. The atmosphere is really casual and nice, the patio has large booths, overhead string lighting and lots of plants -- also, dog friendly! The food is overall good -- I've been for brunch, lunch, and dinner. The lunch/dinner food is much better than the brunch food. The hummus nachos are GREAT, and their butcher board is pretty good as well. I usually go with a Sun Devil Turkey Burger with a greek salad-- which is always solid. I've also had the Pistachio crusted salmon, which is also really great. Both the Lavender-Lemon Fizz and the Basil Grapefruit Martini are delicious! The reason Salut gets 4 stars from me instead of 5 is the brunch, which leaves something to be desired. The food is just overpriced for the quality and portion size. My boyfriend ordered Cinnamon Toast Crunch Chicken & Waffles (which sounds YUM right?) and it came out with just two small pieces of chicken and one waffle. I ordered an omelet with quinoa and veggies with a side of fruit, and I definitely wasn't full. It tastes good, but just a bit too pricey for the quantity of food.
4	This is a definitely a place that isn't on most people's radar but it should be. The hummus nachos is what they are known for and is a must. The salmon and the filet mignon were very tasty and their happy hour is great. Their servers are pretty attentive and charming too.
5	Brought my whole family here for a celebratory meal. It wasn't that busy, but we waited what seemed like forever for our food. Because of the wait, they brought our table free celebratory shots- pretty awesome! This alone redeemed them in my book, and when the food did arrive it was great. A few people at my table got the Brie Hive sandwich and it seemed to be a hit. Salut fries are also a must. I loved the decor, too. Look all around and you'll see so many unique re-purposed pieces!
5	One word. Penny mimosas! And they let you drink them ALL DAY Saturday and Sunday. While you're getting wasted on yummy orange juice goodness you might as well get the amazing food they have! I've never had a siracha panini but boy does salut do it right. The service is friendly and personable, and the bar tender is the funniest nicest guy. The service I get at this establishment, wow I like this place I'm gonna keep coming back here.
4	Keeping my 4 stars here.  Just wanted to add that I have had a couple of Sunday brunches here.  You can do bottomless mimosas for $18 and they open at 9:30am!  Everything I've had is tasty and the staff is always very nice.  I'll keep heading back here.
4	Came here for happy hour on a Tuesday with a friend. The server was new and suggested we get the hummus nachos (which sounded very weird and we weren't sure exactly what hummus nachos would come out like) but we reluctantly ordered them. I was pleasantly surprised. They are SOOOO good. I wish I could remember the servers name but he was super nice and attentive. Wine was obviously tasty. Atmosphere was trendy and fun. I love this place. Tempe needed a new wine bar that wasn't on Mill. :)
3	I went here for brunch with some friends. The food is okay, not great. The brunch sandwiches have nothing to them and they are mostly bread. The eggs benedict was nothing special but it was still good.. The only real problem that I had with this place was that their mimosas's have very little champagne in them. They have a bottomless mimosa special on the weekends and it would be worth the money if the right amount of champagne was in the glass.
5	It breaks my heart that it took me so long to try this place, because I love it oh so much! My friend and I were craving something new and exciting for girls night this weekend and stumbled upon Salut, and it was seriously the best! The atmosphere is adorable, and the service was wicked friendly. The cucumber water we were served was delicious as was my red sangria and my friend's house wine. We split the hummus nachos to start, which were out of this world.... SO GOOD! I had a bruschetta sampler for my meal which was awesome, and my friend had a burger and Greek fries (which were the bomb). Our server was Haley and she was super sweet and totally on her game. What an awesome experience and delicious food, we will totally be back!
4	Very glad I tried salut! I got the oh honey--pistachio salmon and to finish s'mores :) loved it. The boyfriend loved it as well he has the steak. Definitely will be back again.
5	Salut is amazing! The food is delicious and very unique. Its nice because it is not right in the middle of the craziest part of town, but is still very accessible. The staff is so friendly and it is a relaxed environment. I would highly recommend it to people who have not been there!
4	Great place!  Loved the atmosphere and the staff was great!  The GM even cane up abs asked how everything was and then sent us over their #1 dessert (fire side smores), at no charge. Can not wait to return to this establishment!
3	This place has some amazing Hummus... but the food, unfortunately, is hit or miss, even when ordering the same meal on different days.  I did come here for brunch once and the chicken and waffles were literally still raw - they did comp that dish and offered a replacement.  Just be careful :)
4	So my husband and I decided to try thus place out, since we found a great deal on Groupon and the yelp reviews were good. The groupon deal was $32 for an alcohol beverage, a choice of burger or sandwich,  with fries or a salad. This is really a good deal and the food was super yummy.  I definitely plan on coming back here in the near future.  They have daily happy hour deals & reverse happy hour too. Awsome atmosphere to take a group of friends or family or even date night.  The servers are fast and friendly.
3	I have mixed feelings about Salut.  I'd really like to make it my go-to dinner, or brunch spot, but every time I've been there I leave having had a mediocre experience.  The food has been hit or miss each time.  The only consistent dish has been the hummus nachos, which are fantastic.  I also really enjoyed their s'mores and wine special.  It's something fun, and different; great thing to do on a date night.  However, the main courses have always left something to be desired.  My best advice would be to make this your first stop during a night out with friends.  Order one of their unique cocktails, hummus nachos to share, then on to the next stop.
5	Great atmosphere for breakfast, lunch or dinner! Very trendy and fun place. They have a great patio that is dog friendly. Food and drinks were really good, great customer service.
5	Everything about this restaurant is fantastic. The atmosphere is incredible, the wait & bar staff are warm and friendly, they have a great mix of music playing, hell they even serve delicious cucumber water. The food itself is incredible. Excellently prepared, creative entrees, and moderately priced. I can't say enough good things about Salut. Stop thinking and go!!
5	The atmosphere is great! Love the Decor. Best Happy hour spot! not what you would expect from a Tempe bar. The staff is always friendly. My Favorite hands down
5	I've been looking for a place just like this! They have an ambiance similar to Postinos & The Vig! The service was top notch! They have a solid drink menu & great happy hour specials! I had the Oh Honey! Mule & the Salut Sampler and they were both fantastic! I will be returning very soon! Oh... Did I mention they have Brunch?! =)
5	My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed the food, the decor, the wait staff of this small restaurant.  I would recommend Salute Kitchen Bar if you are in the Tempe area.  My friends all had different burgers and everyone really enjoyed their selection.
5	We had wonderful service! There was 14 of us that had never been there and we left full and happy! The good was amazing, great appetizers.We had 8 different kinds of brushetta and the hummus nachos which were so amazing! Great wine list and mixed drinks.the only negative thing I could say is that it was very hot in the restaurant.So much that we complained 3 times to 3 people and they all said the manager was aware that it was uncomfortably hot but would not do anything about it. Never the less we will be back!I would recommend this to a friend.
5	First time here and was very impressed.  The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly.  I mentioned my phone was going dead and he gave me a cord to plug in where there was a station for it.  I ordered a skinny Margareta which he didn't make before and was amazingly good.  The hummus nachos were extremely tasty.  We never really knew what this place was all about but after reading the menu we are going back for the smores and since its a dog friendly place we are bringing him to.  Its now our favorite bar and eatery.
5	Such an amazing lunch!  Great company, delicious food, a fun waitress with a spot of green hair, and a deliciously smooth mule --- what more could a girl possibly want?Lunch was suppose to be at the usual 11:30am but Linh L. and I decided to try to beat Brett B. to the restaurant.  Of course he had thought to arrive at 11:15am too.  Bummer.  One day!  *wags fist*  So after a bit of the usual harassment and a side of bickering about how many seats we should get for our table, we were seated by the charismatic and ever-patient Keary.  This girl is amazebeans!  She was sass and class and had great recommendations for food and booze.  Since everybody's favorite ginger couldn't make it, I love you Melodie C., I got myself an Oh Honey Mule [as per Keary's suggestion] in a shiny copper cup that lasted the whole duration of our two-hour meal.  Seriously, how do we take such long lunches!?  While we were waiting for the rest of the lunch bunch, the sweetie pie Bretters handed out some macarons like the perfect gentleman he is.  Dining with Bretters is a treat in itself but the little after-meal sweets will be treasured.  Thanks, Brett!  He also ordered the table some Hummus Nachos which came out right when the lovely Meghan L. arrived!  After that, it was a whirlwind of laughter, cheer, and a lot of foodie pictures being taken.  Those Hummus Nachos though... oh man!  The deliciously crisp pita with a soft chewy middle with a generous scoop of hummus, a splash of balsamic sauce, and topped with red onions, pomegranate seeds, and feta was a delicious bite!  I could just order two of those platters myself and eat it as a meal.  But hey, we're sensible adults so we're going to have a sensible lunch!  Brett, Meghan, and I had The Brie Hive and Linh had the Malbec Burger.  I didn't try the burger because my sandwich was keeping my tastebuds happy.  The Brie Hive was salty-sweet goodness with prosciutto ham, brie [duh], granny smith apple slices, arugula, garlic aioli, and honey butter in between two grilled pieces of sourdough.  Eating that in between bites of the Salut Fries where the citrus vinaigrette helped cut through the occasional bites of too much saltiness from the ham or too much honey butter richness made for a perfectly balanced meal.  It was a rich sandwich though so I had to box it for later.  It strikes me as something that will be just as amazing right out of the fridge.Overall I had an extremely satisfying lunch where we were introduced to the assistant manager Nicholas and one of the owners David.  This place really has it all:  Excellent service [thanks again, Keary!], higher-ups that really care about their customers, delicious food, and a great ambiance and vibe.  It's all dark wood, metal accents, and sleek lines. Will definitely be back [especially with the coupon cards for free Hummus Nachos]!
2	Very below average. Food took forever to come. Drinks average at best. Burger so so and lack of flavor. Salad average at best. Only thing that kept it from one start was pita hummus nacho appetizer. That was good. I would have to imagine postinos bus boy has absorbed enough knowledge to open up a "wine bar" equally as good.
5	Amazing food, great service; loved the way the waitress introduced the menu!!! Out door seating needs an upgrade; cushions dirty and frayed!!!
5	Great happy hour, delicious burgers (I like the Malbec Burger), amazing Salut fries (with feta, herbs, citrus vinaigrette), lots of tasty small plate options and entrees, good service and a lovely atmosphere.
5	Great experience! Delicious food! Fantastic live music!The host Sarah worked well when our party of 3-5 turned into a party of 8. Thanks girl! We even switched tables (which can be annoying) and the staff didn't express any irritation. We decided on Salut because of their $5 Martinis (on Wednesdays) which were pineapple tonight! mmm tasty and not overly sweet.Our server Adele took great care of us! I switched  to the house pino noir which was perfect with the hummus nachos! My friends got a couple of reasonably priced pitchers of Rolling Rock and the Salut fries. We shared a bruchetta board which was a hit! You get a choice of 4 different bruchettas for $12. We got the garlic & roasted red pepper, fig & goat cheese (FAV!), mushroom & sundried tomatoes (OH YUMM), and pesto & tomato. It was free s'more night also. We got two platters of graham crackers w chocolate pieces, marshmallows, metal skewers,and a hot coal pot to roast the marshmallows! Super tasty! We had the delight of meeting the manager and even got to meet the owner. They were fun and made our night amazing. Lots of laughs and great food & drinks! We will definitely be back!
5	Great service! I hosted my sister's bridal shower here in their back room and had an awesome experience.  Communication with management couldn't have been easier while I was planning.  The staff during the bridal shower were all very kind, accommodating,  and the service was excellent.  I would definitely plan another event here.
5	Absolutely love this place. Great date night restaurant. Service is always awesome and they have a fantastic menu.
5	Love Salut! I've been here about 3 times now, and each time the food has always been delicious. Their hummus nachos definitely live up to their name, they really are amazing! The main thing I like about this place is the unique dishes, along with the nice atmosphere. Overall great restaurant and I'll for sure be back.
5	Great service & great atmosphere (every time for me), excellent menus and a great brunch! And the bar's Bloody Mary is delicious... horseradish, olive(s) and a strip of crispy bacon! Ask for a little spicier and a salted rim!
5	I love this place. I've been here a few times for brunch, lunch, and dinner. I would highly recommend being adventurous during brunch time here! The chicken and waffles are awesome and the sandwiches are great. The whole place has a great vibe, and it's never too busy.I've been here for a birthday brunch, too, and the staff has always been very attentive and responsive. The staff is a ton of fun and even played a game of Heads Up with us after we finished up brunch.As many have said before, the hummus nachos are to die for. Seriously though, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. It's definitely a favorite joint of mine in Tempe, and the patio area is the perfect place to spend recovering from a hangover on a late Sunday afternoon if you feel like being a little classier than normal.
4	Great reverse happy hour spot.It was a little warm outside but we opted to dine on the patio since it was a bit busy inside. There was only one other table outside so it was nice. We were going to have a glass of wine each, but the waiter persuaded to get a bottle since it was half off - plus he said we could take it home if we didn't finish it. Sold!The waiter was great. He was fun to chat with, wasn't overbearing, but always there for refill our waters and make sure everything was good. It took a little while for the food to come out, but we were enjoying the weather and our bottle of wine. We ordered hummus nachos & bruschetta to start. For our entrees, we ordered the quinoa bowl and roasted corn bowl. Everything was really good so it made the wait worth while.
1	Really bummed!! Yelp reviews made me want to try everything! We were staying at a nearby hotel and had our shuttle give us a ride to this place to find out they weren't serving food even though the hours posted were until 12:00 am on Saturdays & we arrived at 11:20 pm. Very disappointing!
5	Good food. Patio was very nice. No complaints and good drink specials. I Recommend it!
3	I bought an Amazon local deal a while back, which expired...but I had the paid value to use, so the BF and I stopped in for lunch on our way back from the Botanical Gardens.  The decor was great!  Really loved the patio.  Lots of shade.  A+ service.  Granted, there weren't many customers since we got there right at 11am.  Still the guy that waited on us was very friendly and knowledgeable.  I had a glass of their house Cabernet which was $5.  Tasted great, but I had the worst....I mean, the WORST wine headache I've ever had in my entire life a couple hours later.  It lingered until after I woke the next morning.  Ugh.I told our server I wanted the Hummus Nachos for my entree.  The server said "They're actually pretty filling!"  Hmmm.  That should have been a red flag.  I'll eat an appetizer for my meal quite often.  Anyway, I had also seen on the menu that you could get cucumber instead of Pita for a GF option.  Although I'm not GF, I do love cucumber with my hummus so I asked if I could have half cucumber, half pita.  "No problem" he said.  The BF ordered some burger with their Salut Fries.So, 10 minutes later, out comes our food.  The BF's burger and fries looked great!  Best burger he's had in a really long time, he tells me later.  As for my hummus nachos.  3 pita triangles, 3 small, thin slices of cucumber, each with a scoop of hummus, some diced red onion, and crumbled feta, and pomegranate seeds sprinkled on top, with a balsamic drizzle.  Now his "They're actually quite filling" comment made a lot more sense.  So, they tasted great, don't get me wrong.  The ones made with pita were great.  I could smash the hummus down to cover the pita, and dip it into the additional balsamic drizzle on my plate.  Delish.  The ones made with cucumber, well, the cucumber was sliced so thin, I could hardly pick them up, as they could not support the weight of the the hummus.  It really just tasted like I was eating a big spoonful of hummus.  This was $9?  Well, now I know for next time.  What really surprised me was when I got the bill, I was charged and extra $1 for those 3 ridiculously small slices of cucumber.  Whaaat?  At Pita Jungle you get almost an entire sliced up cucumber for a dollar, and you still get your pita too!  I ended up eating half of the BF's fries, which were good, but soaked in oil and garlic.  As if fries aren't greasy enough to start.I'll go again, since my BF loved his burger so much, but I won't get the house cab, and I won't was my money on those nachos.
2	Seriously deceiving groupon.The service was good. The food was good. The place was cool.  I liked everything about it.What I don't like is the deceptive groupon:"$32 for dinner for two (up to $59 total value)    Two craft cocktails    Two gourmet burgers or hot sandwiches with choice of Salut fries or greek salad"We ordered two cocktails $9 and $10 a piece, we ordered 2 paninis, one with the "Salut" fries", $10 and $9 each. Plus an extra $1.50 for the unknown upgrade to Salut Fries (server didn't mention this or that the groupon would only cover the cheapest sandwich and cheapest drink option)Being good grouponers we ordered extra: hummus nachos as a starter and an additional beer.When it came time to pay we got $32.50 off our bill because of the groupon.This is deceptive because wasn't my groupon for "$32 for dinner for two (up to $59 total value)    Two craft cocktails    Two gourmet burgers or hot sandwiches with choice of Salut fries or greek salad"??*note that Salut fries are mentioned on the groupon!I really liked the place. The hummus nachos were amazing and I'd like to go back. But this was just shady.**also note the photo of their hummus nachos shows 6 triangles, we only received 5. At $9 it's delicious but I'd warn it wouldn't be a filling meal.
1	Ordered the biscuits and 'beer chorizo' gravy which tasted EXACTLY like the chili you would put on a hotdog. Not good. Ordered a side of skillet potatoes... got about 3 tablespoons of the tiniest chopped potatoes ever that were SUPER overcooked. They were *literally* less than a cubic centimeter. For $3. Friend ordered the sriracha panini and said it sucked too. The kitschy handmade tables are interesting and the location next to the yarn store is ok, but man the food suuuuucks.
4	Everything my party of 3 tried for brunch was delicious and the service was attentive. The patio was comfortable and cool. We will be back to try out the rest of the menu!
5	(Cross-posted and slightly edited Facebook review; people need to know how great this place is!)I've been here so often that I think it's time to write a proper review!I've been a loyal customer of Oliveo Grill ever since I moved here in 2008. Being a night owl, I have ordered many a hummus starter or gyro platter to my door at 2AM many times. One night when I was picking up a to-go order, I saw a flier for their new restaurant, Salut Kitchen Bar. It advertised penny refills on mimosas, so naturally I filed it away in my brain. Then, some friends from out of town flew into Phoenix, and I knew just where to take them for brunch. It was phenomenal! From the food to the cocktails to the impeccable service, it was truly a brunch to remember. I proceeded to come back for booze and yummy food even after that memorable brunch. And every single time, I've been met with both great service and fantastic food/drink. The hummus nachos are so good they should be illegal, their craft cocktails are delicious (especially the Lavender Lemon Fizz, OMG!), their beer list is fantastic, and basically everything else on the menu is yummy. Not only that, but the owners, managers, and bartenders have all personally introduced themselves to me and remembered me when I come in. Whenever I come by for a visit, there's always wonderful music playing - live music on Wednesday nights! - wine flowing, and wonderful people to visit with. I can't tell you how happy I am to see this fantastic place thrive. It's by far my favorite place in Tempe.My favorite menu items: Hummus nachos, Quinoa fritters, Quinoa bowl, Caprese salad, Malbec burger, hummus-stuffed avocado.Favorite cocktails/general booze: Lavender Lemon Fizz, Dirty Gin Martini, basically any of their Mules, and the House Pinot Grigio. I sampled one of their Absinthes tonight and that was great, too.
2	I was embarrassed to bring my out of town guest here last night for dinner, especially after going on and on about how delicious this place was. Service was GREAT but something was really off last night; perhaps it was the cook that night. Me: Chicken panini with Salut fries. Too much oil was used in grilling it, because it came out greasy, leaving an oily residue on my fingers. Fries were good, but I liked the way they used to serve it with the crumbled feta not shaved/dry feta. Guest: Malbec burger with regular fries. Ground meat used for burger had chewy nerve endings and her fries were too salty to eat. I'm just disappointed. Our meals certainly weren't worth what we spent on them. After this experience, I don't think I'll be back. Maybe this is a sign of things to come for this restaurant.
4	This was another place that my friends have brought me! It's always good to have friends who know the area, have tried it already, and want to share good places with you! To be honest, we came here for the drinks but they have some awesome food too! We'll start with the food....There were three of us and we got different things and shared it all. So we ended up getting the hummus nachos (I'm told it was something thy're known for?), it came out in pita triangles, with a mix of hummus, red onions, pomegranate seeds, balsamic reduction, and feta cheese. I gotta say though between the pomegranate and balsamic reduction it was sweet, which I wasn't expecting at all but I should have after reading those two items on it. It was delicious!! I'm not a fan of crispy pita but it all worked out very well and complimented the whole dish. And you could always substitute the pita for cucumbers for an additional charge, but if you do do that, make sure you have already tried it with the pita first!! Chicken panini with salut fries. I had a bite of the chicken panini and completely stole the fries (I love good fries!). The chicken panini wasn't too special to me, I mean it's pretty good but I'd rather have the fries honestly! Between the vinaigrette they use and the feta cheese it was good!And the bruschetta was a choose 3 for $13, so I ended up with the garlic, caprese, and pesto. Out of the three I think my favorite was the caprese mostly because of the mozzerella and balsamic reduction made it the best of the three, but they were all good. Next time though I think we'll just stick with the hummus nachos because that was the most delicious out of all of them! Now, onto the drinks! I first got the mi amor, which was stronger then I expected, always a good thing! It was actually pretty good, between all the craft cocktails this one sounded like it was the most delicious only because of the chambord and pineapple juice really, but the belvedere and champagne helped. Got a oh honey mule which had honey vodka, cucumbers, strawberries, ginger beer, and lime juice. I'm not sure between the mi amor or the honey mule which was better. Maybe the mule? It was definitely stronger but it was delicious, I could down the whole cup without thinking anything of it but don't be fooled if you did do that, you'd definitely be feeling it pretty quickly!! I can't wait for the next time I'm in the area, friends, good food, and good drinks are always what someone needs after any day! Also they're pet friendly!! You can bring your pups out to their outdoor patio which is always great! Why leave them at home when you can bring them to hang out?
4	My mom first introduced me to this place over a year ago and I am glad she did.  Its a nice sized place and has a great atmosphere and friendly staff.  We started out with their hummus nachos which is what they are known for.  You get some pita with a good lump of hummus, topped with red onion, feta, pomegranate.  This is a must have while your there, you wont be disappointed.  Afterwards we had their wild mushroom ravioli followed by quinoa fritters.  To pair with this we had a wonderful white wine selected from the reserve list.  This place is great for watching the game, casual meet up or first date. Additionally they have a rewards program you can sign up for to receive additional discounts.http://www.salutkitchenbar.com
5	Very nice lunch spot. Our server was very friendly and the food was really good and has nice presentation as well. Loved the chicken kabob.
5	Happy hour are awesome with great prices. I do recommend the hummus and the quinoa balls. The environment is very cosy and the staff is very friendly and polite. We love Haley because she is beautiful polite and always remember our drink.
3	This will be the second time that I have been in, the first time I had waited for ~5 minutes for a host/ess. I ventured in and found a server who had some free time and we talked about the restaurant, menu, and if I could do homework at this location. He was really nice and said it was encouraged. I went to the library and planned to come back another day. So, today I came in. Luckily I'm a smart guy and learned from my previous experience and sought out the host/ess (which I also saw a few other people needing to). It took an unusually long time for any kind of attention and I was contemplating going to Joe's crab shack for some Nachos but they don't have wi-fi so I waited for a while longer. The server came after he greeted a table that came in a few minutes after I did. I don't think the hostess told our server we were here. Anyway he got us our food and tended to a few tables. Checked up a few times. Jason (our server) and the busser were really good. The food was good but I wouldn't come back for it.The overall experience felt stressful, the staff was seemingly just running around to look busy. While walking in one of the staff was outside talking on the phone in another language and kept going back and forth for the entirety of our stay. He was constantly on his phone and almost caused a few collisions with the wait staff and busses. The kitchen is playing some other music loudly that interrupts the vibe of the restaurant. Someone keeps skipping songs on the restaurants sound system (who even has time to deal with that?)It seems like a shit show that management should be on top of. Especially because it looks and feels like a nice place. It was probably meant to be, too bad. This guy with a limp has a good gig, he doesn't have to do anything.
3	Another place in Tempe/Phx that aims to have creative dishes in small portions to make them affordable.  Eh, its ok.  Just wanted to try this place out before diving in for a full experience.  Had an array of bruschetta's, drinks, & appetizers.The prosciutto melon was a let down since they really skimp on the ham.  After that was an array of bruschetta (apple, sriracha, pesto).  Not bad, not great, nothing to really make this place memorable.  Drinks were decent, we had a manhattan & a lavender fizz (upgraded from bombay ti hendricks).  Again, decent, no complaints, no heaps of praise either...
2	I went here for brunch. I was kind of disappointed as I had higher expectations for the restaurant giving it was 5 stars . I had the BLT sandwich which had little bacon and the bacon was not crispy. I have the grapefruit basil martini which was pretty good. I went on a Sunday and was expecting to be able to watch my football game but they had only one game on and when I asked them to put the Steelers game on they said that they could not do it. I suppose it's because they do not have the NFL ticket so that would have been nice if they had it. I am willing to try the place again and maybe go for dinner.
4	Great food, drinks, atmosphere, and service.  I've been to Salut several times and am always happy when I leave.  One improvement that could be made is the addition of entrees to the food menu.  The salads, sandwiches, and burgers are great but sometimes you want an entree instead.
5	Love this place! The Hummas Nachos are amazing and the bottomless Mimosa's cant be beat! The staff is a ton of fun and it's a great place to take guests.
4	My boyfriend and I have been to Salut a few times thanks to Groupon.  The first time we had a Groupon for 2 burgers and 2 craft drinks.  Burgers were good and juicy drinks were also very tasty.  Servers were very friendly.
5	I love Salute!  Been going here since it opened, for dinner and lunch.  Went on Sunday to watch football with friends, and had the veggie sandwich and the chocolate cake.  Everything was great as always!  Love that the patio is dog friendly!
5	The food and drinks here are amazing. The hummus nachos are by far my favorite. It is also a very cute restaurant/bar. They have great food and drink specials during happy hour. Definitely worth a trip if you are in Tempe.
5	I've been here so many times  but I always forget to check in but today I'm going to finally write the review this place deserves! I love Salut! I love the drinks, the food, the atmosphere and the staff! Me and my dog probably have a couple of photos on the board! Sometimes the music does tend to be loud but with a polite request it can be fixed! It's best for brunch. I love the bruschetta and the bottomless mimosas. I always bring my friends who are visiting from other states and I've never had anyone complain. There decor is recycled stuff and it adds a different charm to the place. Another thing that I love is that this place is never swarmed with rowdy asu students like other brunch places on Mill. I will definitely recommend this place!
5	This is one of the best dining experiences we have had in Tempe. The menu offers a great variety. Really there is something for everyone. The cocktails are also top notch. The service is prompt and friendly, and the decor is great. We will be back!!!
4	Really good food, it's a bit pricey for the gluten free bruschetta because it comes on little sand dollar sized crostini. I had to order something else to eat. They also had s'mores that you could make at your table which was super cool, but I would have like the option of a better chocolate than Hershey's. I get that they are probably trying to resurrect childhood memories but if you are paying top dollar, might as well class it up a bit. I LOVE the cucumber water and the decor. And all the food tastes really fresh. My friend got a drink (grapefruit martini) and said it was tasty and strong.
3	Was looking for somewhere to brunch it up, but not a typical haunt. We discovered Salut via a Yelp review and decided to check it out. Glad we did. An eclectic menu and enthusiastic service were there to greet us. I think it'd be a cooler place to say, hang out with a group of friends en route to somewhere else or on an evening out where nobody wants a huge meal but maybe small plates.They do a good job of highlighting on the menu what things are gluten-free, which is appreciated. What they do at Salut, they do really well. I don't necessarily think it's someplace I'd frequent, but it was fine for what it was and certainly has it's place. Especially if you want to get a drink, sit on the patio and hang with a bunch of people (or a few) I think it's an excellent spot for that.
5	The food was really good, nice ambiance, great customer service.  I liked all of the decor as well, I never considered making a lamp out of a wine bottle ;) my only recommendation, if you go for the mimosas, request to have your orange juice apostate from your champaign, the orange juice is pretty sweet.
5	Food was really fantastic and the Sunday atmosphere very chill.   The musician they had was brilliant (Taylor?) and our server was very pleasant.   First time here and have already recommended to two friends before we have even left the restaurant.   Oh and they are dog friendly on the patio apparently... I thought that was a nice touch  Def Wil come back.
4	One of the nicer places Tempe has to offer. They have a nice outside patio where you can bring your dogs. Food is good and unique. Nice vibe throughout the place.
4	I really enjoyed. I love to find new places in the Tempe area to go out for brunch, and Salut is the place to be. The outside patio has a live performer singing and playing guitar to set a great atmosphere to enjoy your mimosa and a great meal! Definitely my new spot! :)
