4	This is for the Doubletree Wally's not yet listed separately:Chicken Vesuvius truly Outstanding.  Great neighborhood Bar and Grille ambiance.  Super Waiter, Marc.  We're likely to be regulars.
4	love it!!!! sat out side ,misters going strong ,very comfy setting, great menu and delicious food good service as well
1	I met a business associate at Wally's for lunch today.It might have been the wrong day to go to Wally's. Today is Cinco de Mayo and at Wally's, they were celebrating "Cinco de Wally's" (Wally's Five?!?!?...five what?) with a "special" menu.Boy, can I just state for the record that it is seldom a good idea for a restaurant to screw around by replacing their menu with ethnic food to celebrate holiday's.This goes certainly for "pubs" trying to get their Mexican fiesta on...it goes for Mexican restaurants trying to add corned beef on St. Patrick's Day...it goes for fine dining restaurants trying to add hot dogs and burgers on July 4th and it goes for Applebee's and their ilk trying to serve "turkey with all the trimmin's" on Thanksgiving.The results are at the very best uneven and at the worst, Cinco de Wally's.I sensed a problem at the start...they gave us a "special" menu with all Mexican food "especial's" and the only regular Wally's food available was the Wally burger and wings. Oh well, a Wally burger it will have to be. My associate decide to risk it and ordered the chicken tacos, but offset it by having a margarita, which is, as we all know, a powerful flavor enhancer and pain reliever!The service was slow, but not really problematically slow...just not very attentive, at first. It took 10 minutes or so for our server to take our drink orders and another 5-10 minutes to get our drinks, but the pace picked up after that.We got our food and that's when the fun really started:)I ordered my burger medium with cheese...it arrived a delightful shade of un-medium gray in the middle, with no cheese. My associates meal arrived and it was...a plate of lettuce! The taco platter was supposed to be 6 small tacos (taco sliders?), but all we could see was a platter of shredded lettuce. Substantial digging produced the tiny tacos (and they were tiny...2 bites, at best), but no salsa, no cheese...just meat, tiny tortilla's and a hay mound of lettuce.We called the server over and I sent back my burger (you can't uncook a burger and I am reluctant to send food back to the kitchen, but this just wasn't correct) and my associate asked for cheese, salsa and sour cream, two of which he received (no sour cream at Wally's?...really?).I got my replacement burger and cut it in half...still no cheese, but by now, I was over my desire for a cheese burger and just wanted a little sustenance (5 mile run this morning...I was hungry:).I took a bite and the burger was essentially room temperature. That will rob you of your appetite pretty quickly. I flagged down our server again and asked him to try again, which he did. But when he got back, I was essentially done with Wally's Five for today, so I didn't eat much of the burger...sorry he had to warm it up for me when I ended up leaving it on the plate..oh well...we paid for it, so:)I like the Wally's at 44th and Camelback, just fine. I was prepared to like this one, too. I was thinking about passing on the review it because of the Cinco de Wally's thing, but...I was there, it wasn't good and I feel like Yelping!
4	This is a nice place -- the service is normally good and the staff is very friendly. The location is great because it is walking distance for some of the offices in the area and there are not many other offerings unless you want to hoof it all the way down to Scottsdale Rd.The Doubletree Wally's is also in what I consider to be a cursed location. There have been several restaurants in and out of there that have all failed spectacularly. I approached Wally's with caution but I was rewarded with great food and great service. They are sometimes slow, and a couple of their menu items are questionable (some shredded BBQ burger nightmare comes to mind), which is my only reason for not giving 5 stars. The fish and chips are fab.They also have a take-away menu of salads and sandwiches that are ready to go by the front door if you work in the area and forgot your lunch. They're above average and a great value. Forget Subway or Paradise Bakery!
5	Great food, great people, great happy hour; i visit Wally's at least once a week with co workers. i even saw Barkley there having a drink at the bar! prices are also very reasonable considering the area. you cant go wrong  with a $20 steak diner. defiantly worth the trip!3PM-6PM DailyHappy Hour Drinks:$3 All Drafts$4 Well Drinks$5 Well Martinis$6 Any Glass of WineHappy Hour Food:$6 All Appetizers$7 All Burgers
5	I travel extensively and Yelp is my savior. I followed the reviews and they were correct about Wally's. The food is above average and the service is great. I visited Wally's twice in one day...lunch and dinner (UPDATE - 3 times in 2 days NEW UPDATE - 4 times in 3 days).  If you're a guest at the Hyatt, it's a great alternative to the Lobby Bar. I brought a weeks worth of workout clothing with good intentions, but WALLY'S HAPPENED! The staff has great attention to detail and they are personable. Ignore the one-time visitors poor reviews. They had a bad day, and their review DEFINITELY does not reflect the quality of Wally's.
4	This is convenient to where I live, so I stop here often on the way home from McCormick Ranch Golf Course.  It is a classic bar and grill, with dark wood, nice bar, and a lovely outside eating area. It is decorated with blue and white check table cloths, and a very pleasant decor. The food is a step above a typical bar-grill, with a wide variety of choices. My favorite so far is the Bourbon Street Pasta, which has andouille sausage, cajun seasoned chicken,  and sun dried tomatoes in a chipotle cream sauce.  Of course, they have a wide selection of beer and wine.  The staff is friendly and service is great. I find myself returning every time I am in town.
4	Went here with friends from the office, today.  Based on location alone, you'd think this place would be overpriced, snob city-like.  But it's not.  It's relatively cozy and the food (mine anyway) was great.I ordered a Wally burger, a.k.a. a normal cheeseburger.  This was a test.  The menu states, "1/2 lb patty of Midwestern raised, corn fed beef."  I wanted to taste the beef.  I cheated a bit and got cheddar cheese (which was of high quality).   The burger was delicious.  Huge and juicy.  I don't know about "corn fed" but it was really good.  The bun wasn't a standard bun but a well toasted bun of, again, higher quality.  Piled high with tomato, red onion, lettuce and a generous helping of cheese.  When I want a restaurant burger, this is what I'm looking for.Tuesday is Tater Tot Day but I opted for mixed fries (normal & sweet potato).  They were good but I wish I had picked tots.  Those who ordered the tots were very pleased with them.Everyone's food looked good especially the Wine burger.  That burger looked incredible.  Like it were in a commercial or something.The burger w/fries was $9.95 and worth it, in my opinion.  That's what a burger costs at Chili's these days, no?Service was decent.  Our waitress was a bit distant, personality-wise but wasn't rude.  She was on top of things, so I don't really care.Overall, four stars.  Get a Wine burger on Tuesday with Tater Tots and if you're not working, a cold pint.  You will be pleased.
3	Visited Wally's last night for a good burger. It was my third visit there and the food has been consistent each time. Nice atmosphere - at least in the bar, where I've sat each time.We ordered a couple of beers and received those in a timely manner. When our server came to take our order you could see he was a bit rushed but he didn't let that affect his presence at the table. We ordered wings to share, one Wine Burger with mixed regular and sweet potato fries, one Frisco burger with regular fries.We started off with the wings and had them traditional style, hot and dipped. I guess they normally leave them plain and provide the wing sauce on the side but they offered to dip them and we accepted. The wings came and there were eight huge wings with celery. We asked for one ranch and one bleu cheese and the server was nice to point out which was bleu cheese but the problem was that both of them were bleu cheese. No ranch came and we didn't bring it up to them.Halfway through the wings the waiter stopped by and asked us to repeat the order to him as forgot it and had not entered it into the computer yet. We gave them the burger order again.Ten or so minutes later burgers come out and are placed in front of us. Neither burger was correct and they took them back to the kitchen. Two minutes later the waiter came by with two complimentary beers and apologized for the error.They made new burgers and brought them out to us. The burgers were very good. I had the Wine burger and it was cooked properly and had great flavor. The sweet potato fries they use are the processed frozen type which I find greatly inferior to fresh ones. Unfortunately fresh ones are harder to make and get crispy so a lot of places like Wally's just dump them from the bag. I won't reorder the sweet potato fries from here. (Regular fries are also not fresh, but I'm less picky on those.)Looking at the check the server did not ring in the burgers correctly. To his credit, he never blamed anyone else as some servers do ("They must have mixed them up in the kitchen" is a frequent mis-truth).I'll go back as the service mistakes didn't kill the evening and the comped beers helped make up for things.
4	Walking distance from my house. Good food, service is great..and a nice atmosphere. Not fine dining...a nice bar hangout.I read the reviews... from some guys saying the clientele is old?Buddy, old people go out to dinner and some day you will be old.. get a life!
3	really 2 1/2 stars went here on a Sunday after a movie with friends i have been here before and it was quite good but this day the place was very quite server seamed like he was very distracted by the TV after he delivered are food he never checked back in w/us to see if we needed any thing the fish and chips i had were mediocre and every body elses lunch looked fair
4	The food was SO good! There were three of us in our party, we all ordered very different items and were all VERY happy with the quality of what we ordered.The prices aren't the cheapest; but hey, you get what you pay for!Wally's is a little small so you have to wait for a table and there isn't any "waiting" area. However, being crowded doesn't mean you are doing something wrong...it means you are doing it right.Can't wait to go back.
4	Lucinda was a great server, Fish and Chips was very good.  A very enjoyable meal.
5	Wally's is wonderful!  Chrissy, the bartender, even let me order from the kid's menu which is, in my experience, unheard of!  The calamari was the bomb.  The atmosphere is great too!  I'm a slore for this place.
1	Too many good restaurants to waste your time or money at this one.
2	Had there pasta, was watery and flavorless. Would not recommend.
4	Wally's is the place for consistently good food.  We go to both the Gainey and Arcadia locations, but end up at Gainey the most.  Their steak sandwich is fantastic, and so is the prime rib.  Wait staff are friendly, and the price is right.  Good happy hour and various discounts on items during the week.  Oh, try the 'dip two ways.'   It's Wally's take on the french dip.  Very tasty!
4	What started off as a bad experience was fixed by the manager and we had a very nice meal at Wally's. Hubby tried the Four Peaks beer and loved it. it was within walking distance of the Hyatt which s great for us.
5	We ate here for the first time tonite. Great food and EXCEPTIONAL service. JR was our waiter and we will definitely ask for him next time We ordered the Sat. special which was prime rib, blue cheese mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach a salad and dessert for $19.95. Everyone said their Happy Hour is great so we'll be going back for that next week. Can't wait to try other menu items.
5	I'm really digging this place! If you like escargot and blue cheese them you will love this appetizer! They even give you bread to sop up the extra garlic butter! It will make you want to slap yo mama! The patio is beautiful and their margaritas are awesome! Luv it!
4	I've always been curious about Wally's; I've driven by it countless times, always thinking it to be another Zipp's-esque sports bar. I was mistaken!Wally's is a very nice establishment; dark wood interior gives it a pub-like feel. Most impressive is the patio that seamlessly conjoins with indoor seating.  The patio is like a romantic greenhouse, minus the bugs and the heat. The food--delicious!  Its "upscale American cuisine." I had the homemade veggie burger with a side salad in place of fries. The patty  asian-ginger glazed patty was HUGE and the bun was incredibly fresh.  The staff are prompt, friendly and helpful.  We happily sauntered out into the night after this pleasant meal.  Definitely coming back!!
5	This place reminds me of Cheers, where everybody knows your name! The halibut with lemon, caper butter will make you slap yo mama and the french onion soup will make pimp-slap yo daddy! The patio is lovely! Just a great place to relax and talk trash!
5	My new favorite neighborhood spot.  Love the bar, I completely expect  Cliff and Woody to yell "Laura!" as I walk through the door.  What a great place.  Order the Blue Plate Special, you will not be disappointed.  I truly hate to Yelp about this place...it is that good!
4	The dark wood creates a nice warm atmosphere. The food is great, as long as you stay away from the pesto pasta. Even though it was beyond disappointing- bland and oddly watery, I still dig this place. Mac & cheeses are tasty, as are the sandwiches and steak salad.
1	A friend and I decided to try Wallys because they were having a prime rib special. The internet and menu stated the special was available after 4PM. We arrived at 4:15. The waiter said that it would be an hour before the prime rib was ready. We asked to speak with the owner. He came over and we explained that we came beause of the special and it would not be ready for another hour. He started screaming at us and told us to leave. He said 4PM was a typo on the internet and also on his menu. He told us to leave his restaurant and never come back. We were so scared that he would get violent. He definately has a mental condition.
5	Excellent neighborhood spot with outstanding food, large portions and reasonable price. The staff make you feel special and I have not made a bad menu choice. Try the wings with sauce on the side or the Monday night fried chicken. Lunch or dinner, Wallys receives 5 stars from me.
2	Stopped by for a quick lunch with co-workers.   The Caesar salad and with grilled chicken was a big disappointment;  poor presentation and the chicken tasted like it had been boiled.  Co-workers enjoyed and mac and cheese.
4	Stopped in for dinner on Wednesday night.  It was very busy, a line leading out the front door so I sat at the bar.Bartender, Angie, was lovely.  Glass of wine was a FULL pour and the wine burger was tremendous.I will be back.
3	Surprisingly disappointing experience: Ribs not very meaty, not very tender, not very juicy.  Asked for extra napkin, and wetnap; never got them.  Service sporadic.  Will try again, warily.
5	Omg...I'm telling you, the  grilled artichoke at Wally's is the absolute BEST in TOWN! In addtion, their Pot Roast is consistently one of my favorite dishes, and is so tasty I dream about it (sad, but true).Today, for the first time, I tried their French Dip Two Ways, and elected to have priome rib for the meat, instead of short ribs), and it is bar none the best french dip in this town (so far!?).Wally's french dip has a lot (and I mean A LOT) of prime rib, deep fried onion strings, swiss cheese on a soft, fresh roll. It comes with a side of fries, and you can choose the type of fries you want between regular, sweet potato or a mix!The atmosphere here is always perfect, friendly and the food is fab!
5	I think we have discovered a true flower in the desert.  This place is fantastic.  The owner, Christopher, greeted us and really made us feel at home.  The food was right on.  I could not believe all the different types of food on the menu.  I am going to have to come back many times to try everything on the menu.  GREAT JOB!
5	If you want a good meal that will fill ya up, for a fair price...Wally's is a great choice!The menu has great variety.  If you want a burger, there are many to choose from.  Each is huge and juicy, and comes with your choice of a side....go with the blended fries that include deliciious sweet potato fries.Want a salad?  Again, many to choose from...my favorite is the chinese chicken.  And, in case you missed my earlier comments, expect a BIG salad.And, if you're not watching your calories, then try any of their specialty mac'n'cheese dishes.  WOW!I can't comment on the desserts because I can't eat anything beyond the entrees...but, I've seen others order a dessert; they looked yummy and - you guessed it - HUGE!And, here's the thing about Wally's:  they're "good people".  in addition to providing you with a great meal, Wally's staff are active supporters of non-profit organizations in the greater Phoenix area.  I have first-hand knowledge of their support for the Valley of the Sun Unted Way, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale.  I have no doubt they support other causes.
5	We had a group of 14 and the service and food were amazing.  It's hard to find both with a party that large, but Wally's scored the highest markets.Not one person in our party did not love the food - from the burgers and mac and cheese to the pot roast and fish and chips everyone gave Wally's a 5 star review.  The staff was friendly and had our table waiting upon arrival.  The waters were already set on the table and the drink orders came out quickly and correct.  The food for the group was out within 15 minutes of ordering and again it was all so tasty.  Its great "pub" food and we will be back!
5	They can cook!Pro's- never had a bad meal!- good specials- super ambience- good staffCon's- can be a little tight seating- hard to handle large groups unless outside (hard in summer months) So glad they are in the neighborhood!
4	I love when I'm wrong!I do have to admit I had been avoiding this place ignorantly thinking it was full of greasy bar food. WOW, I could not have been more wrong!Walking in I was amazed by the beautiful bar, chandeliers and posh clientele. We were warmly greeted and chose a table in the bar area, where i did notice a great patio I will be taking full advantage of soon.The waitress told us the daily specials and we informed her that it was our first time in so she recommend the French dip.We decided to order the wedge and French dip (with prime rib) to share. The salad was the size of a dinner plate and was loaded with blue cheese, bacon and tomatoes. Yum!The sandwich...oh the sandwich. Ok, seriously one of THE BEST dips i have ever had. No fatty or grisly meat here. Nope. Nothing but tender, buttery med-rare beef. It was unreal. You must order it and don't let the almost $15 price tag scare you, it is easily shared by two people although you will want to keep it all to yourself.I am so excited to go back and check out the happy hour. Blue Cheese Escargot? Are you kidding me? I will be back...maybe today!!
4	It was Sept 18, 2012... oh you say whats that?  National Cheeseburger Day!  Ive heard great things about Wally's and have been to its sister restaurant quite a few times Grassroots (which is fantastic) and decided on such a momentous occasion why not give it a shot.  First off the place is really cool, Irish bar styled, really comfortable feel to the place.  People here are very polite and friendly (staff and patrons) it really gives a Cheers like vibe (the TV show not the shitty bar in Glendale, oh you don't know about that? THANK GOD).  I tried the wine burger which is slowly grilled with red wine sangria, topped with Swiss and sauteed mushrooms annnnnnnnnnnnd its amazing.  Really flavorful and def worth eating bad for, it made my Cheeseburger Day easy.  It came with mixed fries (sweet and reg potato) I don't have fries much (cause they are so terrible for you, then again so is the cheeseburger but its a holiday so F it) but they were crispy and flavorful so also fantastic.  The menu is full of lots of other tasty looking options I'm looking forward to trying in particular the caramelized vidalia onion and guinness soup, I mean how great does that sound?! Oh you think that sounds gross? Go to hell, everyone else try this place :)
4	Food is awesome. I had the Prime Rib Dip, and its for sure the best dip sandwich Ive ever had. Cozy little bar, friendly staff- Ill be back!
4	Nice bar serving some pretty good high end pub grub. Staff is friendly and attentive, bar has a nice vibe.   Definitely worth a second or third or... visit.
1	Last week, we were sitting at the bar and my friend lost her diamond wedding band.  We began searching and other patrons noticed and began hunting as well.  It was dark and we were on hands and knees.  I asked Christopher, the owner, if he could turn up the lights in order to see better  and he said no.  After 10 minutes, a stranger helping found the ring.  How disappointing to see an owner act in this manner.
5	I really like Wally's. I've tried several options there.My favorite is the *Chop Chop Salad*- it's a nice combination of vegetables and I like the honey mustard dressing that it's tossed with. They don't put too much dressing so it's not soggy, but it's nicely coated.I also like the *Veggie Burger*- It's a housemade patty which I always appreciate.Their *Basil Hummus* appetizer is also very nice.My husband and father both rave about their *Fish and Chips*- Fried but never too greasy, and nice pieces of fish. Wally's is definitely upscale pub food and a nice atmosphere. The wait staff is always kind and the restaurant is always clean!
4	Food is always above the normal bar foods. I've never had a bad experience
4	My wife and I stopped by this place, which is close to her office, over the weekend. She'd always wanted to stop there to see what they had and since we weren't finding anything else along our route for the day we diverted here. Very glad we did.Great food and service. We had chicken wings (very juicy with great sauces), spinach artichoke asiago dip (thicker than we're used to but very tasty), and a wine burger with potato and sweet potato fries (delicious, cooked to order, and filling). Just right to get us going for the rest of the day. We'll be back!Edited to add: We have, in fact, been back a couple of times. While not all the dishes are winners, the service certainly is and they do try their very best to please. Another one we'll keep going back to when we're in the neighborhood.
5	Omg the food here is always very good! The halibut was mouth watering, the Caesar so good I didn't want to share it!,,,. It's a bit noisy and always busy but well worth it! I know the food will be a great value for the excellence
4	Even though they lost our reservation and were crowded, they served us well with great food, Braised Short Ribs were outstanding, with three different pasta dishes just plain SUPER!
5	Five-Stars.  Stopped in on a Sunday evening b/c of the Yelp reviews, AND the photo on their Yelp page that advertised "1/2 price bottles of wine Sunday evenings" from their menu.  Sat at the bar.  Bartenders were courtesy, conversational, and friendly.  Food was great.  I chose my favorite - the MEATLOAF!Flavorful, and served over mashed potatoes, with sauteed veggies.  Place was packed at 6 pm - and steady through the whole dinner hour.  Menu was large, diverse, and offered a ton of great options from apps to salads to entree's.  Really a nice atmosphere, and overall great experience.Will visit again soon.
4	Food and staff are great.
4	We're from the other side of town, but met some California friends here after looking for a good pub!  All four of us had a very good experience. Jo and I split the Wally Burger and the Gruyere and Slab Bacon Mac.  Ryan W. was spot on - excellent s'mac!! Burger was good, but so juicy the bun just had to be set aside.  One friend had soup of the day with a burger.  Said the soup was wonderful!Loved the atmosphere and the service.  We'll be back!
5	The S'mac Bacon slab Mac and cheese is delightful!  Friday night is Prime Rib night so I opted for it...  Wonderful!I Shall Return!
1	Wally's has been one of our "go to" places for several years...until tonight.  We waited 15 minutes and were never spoken to or acknowledged.   Two other tables were seated after us and they were waited on promptly.  The wait staff was busy chatting with each other and watching TV.  We walked out and  feel like we have lost a friend.
1	Poor management!  This place only worries about turning tables.  My food was mediocre at best.  Lunch service was slow and they pushed to seat the patio at all costs.  It was 118 degrees the afternoon I was there.  I was with coworkers and the manager said it would be a 20 min wait for inside.  He knew we were on our lunch and although there were empty tables inside, he used our time constraint to his advantage.  We asked several times to be reseated inside,  but the evil manager wouldn't cave.  I will never go back. A coworker, one who I was with during my visit, was served raw hot wings at lunch yesterday.  He sent them back and to his surprise the waitress returns back from the kitchen and told him that the chef said they were not raw and would NOT redo the order.  Not wanting to eat raw chicken, he just told the waitress to forget it.  They did take it off his bill, but what a jerkface thing for the chef to do! Bad, bad, bad customer service.  Raw chicken is never ok......if your customer said its raw, redo it.  You are willing to kill someone over your pride?
4	I love coming to Wally's for lunch.  It's a great place to bring colleagues and clients for a bite to eat.  The food is good and atmosphere is perfect to fit in a working lunch.  One of my fav's for lunch is the Frisco Burger, $11.95.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wallys-pub-and-grill-scottsdale?select=0eueAUaNpi_w0YDj6-Otnw#0eueAUaNpi_w0YDj6-Otnwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wallys-pub-and-grill-scottsdale?select=OHjcUgqlSv-tZ-eu4wglsQ#OHjcUgqlSv-tZ-eu4wglsQIt can get a little sloppy on you if your not careful, but it's worth it.  If you are feeling adventurous and don't worry about calories, try any one of their S'macs....it's their version of Mac 'n Cheese....ridiculously awesome.  However, be prepared to be in a food coma if you decide to have one of those!Return Factor - 90%
4	Nice Pub ambiance and very nice people that really care. I happened upon this place late at night when everything else was closing. The grill had already closed here, but they went out of their way to find me something to eat and it was very good.
2	Place is upscale no doubt. nothin much under 10 bucks. and it's nice inside. seat yourself. The hardwood chairs suck, very uncomfortable chairs. i recommend the booths!I got the Bacon cheddar Burger with fries. Place filled up really quickly, and since I'm only one person. I was forgotten quickly after i ordered... took awhile but the food finally came out, and the fries were cold. also had to go to the bar twice to get a refill on my iced tea. definitely felt very unimportant and lost all that hope of any decent servicewon't recommend this place for it's service or food. the burger was ok, nothing special for the price paid.
4	Hidden little gem with a very good Happy Hour!
5	Great food and the atmosphere was just perfect !!! The place was very clean and waitress friendly . I would very much recommend it to anyone ! Planing to come again while vacationing in the beautiful AZ!
4	Great neighborhood casual restaurant. Don't let that description fool you as the food is excellent. Way beyond your typical pub and grille expectations. My mother and I both ordered the Bourbon Street Pasta consisting of penne, red peppers, grilled chicken and andouille sausage all bathed in a creamy chipotle sauce! Awesome spicy, warmth to the sauce. Classic comfort food with perfect balance between spicy yet flavorful. My dad had the pot roast and was not disappointed. Service was good to as they were very busy. Sat in the outdoor patio area but the heaters and drop down vinyl curtains kept everyone cozy on a somewhat chilly AZ night. Would definitely return.
5	Cookie Monster coined a term that would accurately describe my feelings about my lunch here - Nomnomnomnom! I had the prime rib French dip with mixed fries. VERY tasty! The prime was just that - prime. The side of horseradish cream was not crazy spicy, just enough to add a nice little zing to the sandwich. And why haven't more restaurants thought of offering "mixed fries"? A nice little pile of crispy traditional fries, sweet potato fries, and an onion ring or two was a real treat. I only wish there had been more onion rings in the mix. The iced tea was some kind of flavored tea, maybe pomegranate or something, and was also very tasty. The service was superb - my glass was never empty (a BIGGIE to me) and the server was very friendly but not fake. I will definitely be back!
5	Fish & chips are excellent. Bacon & gruyere mac and cheese is amazing! Wedge salad is huge, with awesome bleu cheese dressing. Burgers are perfect. Great service, and I love the 60's soundtrack that seems to always be playing at lunch. I've nothing bad to say about Wally's!
4	Cool little pub in the neighborhood. Little bit older crowd but has a great happy hour good beer selection and good food.
4	Even though they lost our reservation and were crowded, they served us well with great food, Braised Short Ribs were outstanding, with three different pasta dishes just plain SUPER!Jam packed with lots if locals who appreciate good food and ambiance.Prime Rib was Great.  And server was a bundle of Joy despite crowd.Owners need to avoid getting too pricey.
5	We love this place!  The food is amazing and so is the service.  Love that they have a fresh soup every day.  My favorite entree is the pot roast. It's honestly the best I have ever had.  We haven't ever had a bad meal. Last visit we ordered our daughter the cheeseburer mac and cheese. OMG it was the bomb.  Love love love this place. Can't say enough good things about it.  Classic pub style, amazing food, always packed, great happy hour... Try it. You won't be disappointed.
5	We love this place!  The food is amazing and so is the service.  Love that they have a fresh soup every day.  My favorite entree is the pot roast. It's honestly the best I have ever had.  We haven't ever had a bad meal. Last visit we ordered our daughter the cheeseburer mac and cheese. OMG it was the bomb.  Love love love this place. Can't say enough good things about it.  Classic pub style, amazing food, always packed, great happy hour... Try it. You won't be disappointed.
4	There are maybe a handful of restaurants I pretty much only go to with my grandmother ... this is one of them. How can you hate on a place that your grandmother loves? Personally, I think she loves it because it's easy, reliable and never so crowded that you can't have a conversation. You can be casual and show up without a reservation, yet the wait staff is always on their game. As for the food, the Bourbon Street Pasta is crave-able.
5	Love that they have Oberon on draft! Killer 4 cheese mac n' cheese...some of the best you'll ever have! The wait staff and manager were so friendly, striking up conversation with each of the guests.
5	Local favorite.   We  drive 20 minutes to eat at Wally's and, with many other closer options, we still  gladly make the drive.  The food, the service, the patio- a trifecta of goodness.  Love everything about this place.
5	Fantastic food and great atmosphere. Get the blue cheese burger with sweet potato fires. And for Gainey Ranch which is a pretty quiet neighborhood this the a great place to gather in the evening. They are quite the happy hour place on a cool spring evening in Arizona.
3	Okay fare.  Restaurant was loud.  My California Cobb salad with Blue Cheese crumbles and dressing was surprisingly bland in flavor.  Service was good.
2	I was inclined to offer Wally's three stars based on its being clean and comfortable and based on fast and courteous service, despite the disappointing food, but I can't do it -- I just feel so "fooled".  A restaurant that looks like this should have a real cook.Now if your thing is frozen or pre-prepared ingredients dropped into a deep fryer or popped into a heating device, Wally's is for you.  Perhaps they actually cook something from scratch, but, if so, I don't know what it is.  Now I could be mistaken but I don't think so -- my fish and chips was not hand-dipped fresh cod; I am almost certain is was prebattered frozen product taken from a bag or box and dropped into a deep frier - mushy and lacking crunch.  Ditto for my wife's panini - the chicken pieces in which tasted like boiled and bagged stuff (I don't like to use the "g" word).  As I say, I could be wrong, but if so, then Wally's has bigger problems.  If they are using fresh ingredients, cooked and prepared to order, then they really need new cooks.On the plus side, the french fries were decent and the beer was cold and not overpriced.  Inside seating is limited, so if it is too hot for the patio, you may have trouble getting a table.  No big loss.
5	have been a customer for years as I was first introduced to Wally's when they first open by a very dear friend "Al". At first opening they may have experienced a few growth pains but I was not aware of any and the food (lunch and dinner) I would put up against any fine restaurant like Wally's - and Wally's would be the clear winner. Remember reviews are that of one person (well intended I'm sure)  and may be as a result of only one visit so I think some of the negative comments I read should be taken with that in mind. My review is based on many visits over the years and is reflective of a composite of all those visits. The people/ staff at Wally's are outstanding - from ownership down to the newest hire. One thing I have noticed is turnover is a rarity at Wally's - speaks highly of the management and ownership in my opinion. Suggestion - if you have a bad experience give it another try just to confirm you didn't experience an "off day". Thanks my story and I'm sticking to it  and no, I don't work there!!!
4	Great food....excellent blue plate specials.  Love the meatloaf and the prime rib.  Always good specials on salmon.  Their fish tacos on Fridays are excellent.
4	First time here. Walked in and the place just takes you back. I will make a point to remember when the world cup is on again to make this a place to go and watch!Since I was there with co-workers I was offered suggestions as to what they have had before. I went on my own and ordered the Rueben Panini. Goodness was it delish!!Bread was soft, meat was moist and ample. Everything you would want in a Rueben. It was served with a mix of regular french fries and sweet potato fries. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with a touch of salt & peper. Wonderful!Can't wait to try more from this place when I go back again!
4	Food is true comfort and massive portions.  The upside is an extra large patio and pub style bar area. One solid piece of heaven is the Chinese chicken salad. Make sure you get a side if franks red hot on the side.I've been here so many times I can't count, and it is always consistent in quality and service.
3	First visit we decided to try the happy hour: mixed feelings. The prices are not great bargains except that they are less than high priced items. The wine is $7 per glass for any wine which includes wines priced from $7 to $12. In some cases there is a noticeable discount but some wines are overpriced, for example one (unnamed) where I know the retail bottle price is $2 more than the price per glass here. I think there are others but I don't want to go further than my actual knowledge. Nonetheless I did enjoy three glasses of different wines so can't complain too much. My wife thinks the burger special at happy hour is a great deal. The calimari was reasonably priced. The escargot were reasonably priced but the blue cheese on escargot experiment is not something I would recommend. Our service was great!  The waiter was attentive and very helpful.
1	Worst service ever! Slow to take order. Brings a bottle of specialty water and no glass with ice.  Water glasses totally empty, ask for more and it never comes. Told manager and he fills all glasses but one.  And the food is mediocre at best.  Just bring me the check
2	Food is good, atmosphere is good, service is usually terrible.  Every time I have come I have waited and waited for my server.  It's very annoying.  I keep hoping it will improve cause it's close to where I live but every time it's a waste of time.
3	Four of us dined there last night.  Food was very good including the fish fry, wings, prime rib, salads, and wings.  Service leaves a lot to be desired.  Very slow.  No refills on water and tea,  Had to ask for ketsup, not offered with fries when delivered. Alcohol orders had to be asked for twice. Finished eating and watched staff run around   Dirty plates not cleared away by anyone until I handed one to a manager walking by. Beer ordered and had to ask for it again.  It was obvious that there were many regulars that were being catered to by the staff.  Too bad newcomers are not given the same service....maybe they would become regulars.Do not plan to return soon.
3	Joined some friends at Wally's for drinks at dinner.  First time at Wally's.  Made it in time for happy hour and I ordered a vodka martini and a spicy bloody mary.  The bloody mary was good, but I was wondering where my olive was for my martini considering the bloody mary came with two olives. Could not get ahold of my server to ask for the olives so I went to the bar and asked for them.  We ordered burgers which came with mixed fries (sweet potato & regular) with one onion ring.  The burgers were both OK.  NOthing to write home about and nothing to run there for.  The toppings of iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato were fresh.  The happy hour of $8 per hamburger platter was more than fair as were the $6 cocktails.  Both drinks were strong enough considering the price.  By the time it was time to leave, the place was packed on a Thursday night so people must really like Wally's.  It was fine.
4	We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Gainey Ranch next door and drove over after reading Yelp's reviews. Wow! This is a very cool restaurant with seating indoors and out.Six people for dinner, a table available in 5 minutes, and the service was right on the money!Tried the Chicken Piccata, fantastic. Tried the Pot Roast, yes, pot roast, with mash potatoes, brown gravy and veggies. It was as good as Mom's and Mom was a great cook. The fish and chips looked great and so did the everything else that was served.This is a must for anyone looking for a great dining experience with a English Pub flair!
