5	I can't wait for Tommy's to open here in Henderson!!! On their web site it says they're opening at the end of November...I haven't checked the restaurant site yet, but I'm waiting patiently :) Mmm mmm mmm, I'm craving for a Tommy's chili cheeseburger and chili cheese fries!
3	I'd never been to Tommy's Burgers when I lived in So. Cal, so my trip there on New Year's Eve was my first experience.A limited menu, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Basically it's a question of just how big you want your chili cheeseburger, because let's face it: you don't go to Tommy's for anything else.My double cheeseburger combo was around $7.00 - with a large drink!  (Oh, big bonus here - they actually brew real iced tea, none of that syrupy crap.)My take-away order was ready before I was done fixing my iced tea - everything nicely wrapped up in yellow paper.  Nothing sloppy or greasy about these chili cheeseburgers.When I got home, I was impressed.  The fries were tasty, and meaty: no skinny, crunchy fries here.  Golden and crisp on the outside, fluffy and light on the inside.The burger was really tasty too.  The chili is a very thick, meaty concoction with lots of chili flavor, but hardly any spice.  The burgers are served with tomato, onion, pickle and mustard in addition to the chili.  I know it sounds weird, but it works.The location is a bit hard to get into, but I imagine they'll do a good business from the hospital and nearby offices.All in all, not the best burger I've ever had, but definately different from anything else here in Vegas, which makes it a welcome addition to the drive-thru listings.
2	While the service is friendly, the food is EXTREMELY greasy, and with the speed it's prepared at, it makes me wonder if it's all pre-cooked. The burger quality is not very good. The chili is not flavorful at all, and is just loaded with grease... The cheese they use is just sliced processed crap, sadly... The parking lot is nigh impossible to get in and out of, and their drive-thru is a pain in the ass to enter too. I'd only give it one star, but every once in a while a greasy burger hits the spot. Just... not that often.
4	Dear Tommy'sThank you for moving nearby. Although I am still waiting for Pink's Hot Dogs and Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles I appreciate you coming. It's been a while since I had you. I had you tonight. In my mouth. You felt amazing with your doublecheeseburgerness and chili and onions going down my throat. I felt your fries crispy and soft inside dipped in chili goodness. WHAT FREAKIN TOOK YOU SO LONG? DO YOU REALIZE I WORKED OUT TODAY AND YOU HAD TO BE HERE! ARGH! But thank you again for bringing your heavenly chili to my ass. I really really do like you. I miss your taste in my oral orafice. Thank you for coming back. I will see you again soon. Yes...real soon...With all my heart, MykePS. What's up with your parking lot? Did white people design it? Its so confusing.
4	I used to drive from the bay area to la just to go to a Tommy's. When they opened the one in Valencia, I was so happy. It would take an hour each way off the trip.When I was going to Las Vegas last week, I did a search to see if there was a Tommy's on the way. I found that there was one in Barstow and Palmdale. I could stop at either one of these on the way there or back. Then I noticed that they had one in Henderson, Nevada. Since I was going to go to Hoover Dam anyway, Tommy's was on the way from Las Vegas.Well, I had my first order of a chili dog and chili fries. I only went back for a second round though. (Normally I will go for a third round of a chili fries and chili tamale.) The chili at this Tommy's was kind of a let down. I don't know if it is this particular Tommy's or if it was just an off day for this one. Every single time I have been to any of 14-15 different Tommy's the chili has been exactly the same. It doesn't matter which location, time of day or day of the week. It is just good ol Tommy's greasy chili. This time it was lacking some of the flavor. It still had the grease, it still had the color and it even had the same consistency of baby diaper diarrhea. It was just missing something.
3	If In & Out Burger & Fatburger and Steak & Shake had a kid in some sort of bizarre chain restaurant fiasco, Tommy's might be the result.  Service almost as fast and conscientious as In & Out, but the burger is fresher and juicer.  More like a Fatburger, but not quite.  So between an In & Out burger and a Fatburger you'll find Tommy's.  With good chili from Steak & Shake.If you've never been to In & Out or Fatburger or Steak & Shake you should go at least once.  Or not.  As you wish.
1	We heard great things about this place from friends.  We decided to one night, and first of all, their A/C must have been broken, because it was hotter inside than out.  Their menu is easy to order from and they have good prices, but the food.....is not good.  Mainly, it's their chili.  What is that crap?  It's pasty and a strange color, and has no beans in it, and no real flavor.  It's a very strange compliment to a burger or chili dog.  Speaking of chili dog, shouldn't their "chili cheese dog" have cheese?  Well, theirs doesn't have enough that you can even taste it.  On a positive note, the vanilla shake was great and the actual hot dog they use is high quality.  If it weren't for the strange, disgusting chili, the place would be alright.  I can't recommend it.
5	Tommy's is one of those places you either love or hate.  I grew up eating Tommy's in Los Angeles and is one of my favorite comfort foods of all time.  Tommy's may be my top pick for last meal - definitely top 3.  Tommy's is all about the chili which is more like a greasy, thick, beanless, chile con carne.My standard order is double cheeseburger, no tomatoes, extra chili and a chili cheese fries with onions and extra chili.  I always load up on the jalapeno peppers.   Sometimes I get no burger and two orders of chili fries.  Also the breakfast sandwiches (which come with chili, of course) are delectable.This location serves decent shakes which I don't believe are available at any of the Los Angeles locations I've ever visited.Please note the standard burger comes with chili, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and mustard. This was the first location to open in Las Vegas - and outside of California for that matter - and that was a very happy day for me (not for my pants).  This is the only Nevada location I've been to and it's very clean - almost sterile.
3	It's an LA classic.  Show up hungry or else you'll never come close to finishing all that chili topped goodness.  It will sit in your stomach for a while, but a great post late night drinking.  They only take cash or the charge a fee to use your ATM card.  No credit cards.
5	Thank God they finally opened one up last year.  I used to have to speed to Barstow to get my hands on my favorite indulgence.  I remember following all the drama on the internet ever since I moved to Vegas.  With the delays and uncertainty it was well worth the wait and the drive from North Las Vegas.  I made excuses to drive all the way down there to St. Rose PKWY but now I end up getting to their second Vegas location more....the one on Boulder HWY.
4	A nice fast food place that overthrows Wienerschnitzel's effortlessly. I ordered the double cheeseburger with chili fries and I'm currently experiencing food coma. The patties were much leaner than something you would get at mcdonalds and rivals In-n-Out. Good price for the food. I like!
2	The place is okay - I think they need to add Onion Rings to the menu but beggers can't be choosers. The food overall is okay but I still think In and Out is better.
4	The Los Angeles CLASSIC makes its way out to Vegas, I was so excited when I stumbled across this one afternoon.  Tommy's is a great place that can only be enjoyed by those suffering from the deadly sin that is gluttony. Their burgers are huge, laden with cheese, chili, and whatever else you want to put on them. It's messy and it will fill you up fast. If you can finish a Tommy's burger, you're a real man. Not even Chuck Norris can finish a Tommy's burger.Just remember, "if you don't see the shack, take it back!"
4	I am not a big chili fan but I would have to say that the chili at Tommy's is pretty darn good. Especially on the fries. The consistency is ideal to put in a burger but I actually prefer it on the fries only and not in the burger. Too messy inside the burger. This place can get expensive if you want chili on everything. It looks disgustingly messy but surprisingly it all works well together to create a great flavor.
1	Absolutely disgusting.  I attempted to eat their signature chili cheeseburger and barely made it halfway through.  I am morbidly obese and typically eat anything that is in front of me.  I felt obligated to eat as much as I did just because it was so damn expensive.  The cheese was generic processed kraft singles.  The chili.  Ugh, the chili.  Its not even really chili. It tastes like dehydrated astronaut food.  Its texture is horribly chalky tasting.  This was seriously the most foul tasting food I've ever had in my life.  Though, comparing it to real human food is being much too polite.  I would give this zero stars given the opportunity.
4	Tommy's is great because they smoother everything in their signature Chili! I mean who does not love chili on their fries? Hot Dogs... etc.... Personally, anytime I have a craving for chili cheese fries, you can better your last dollar I will be heading over to Tommy's..... That and it's real close by my house to. Mind you, this place is not exactly for the "health conscious people"
3	WHOA!!! I honestly think that they planned out putting the Tommy's within walking distance of the hospital for a reason. If you read the small print under the meal deals it says, Free EKG with every order... I have never had a chili burger prior to this and to be honest i don't know that I will have another one after this. Now, don't get me wrong, i do not think the food was horrible but the entire time I was eating it I felt like i needed to apologize to my body for inflicting this upon it. The chili was like paste sticking all the way down my throat and it was sooooo heavy, i felt like crap when we left. I'm not sure if this Tommy fella is still alive and kickin, well.... Actually... I am pretty sure he can't be if he discovered this chain, i mean; really? Is there anything else you could cover in chili and processed cheese.This trip to Tommy's was my hello and fair-well to the world of chili burgers.
4	Brand new, neat and clean.Tommy's is famous for chili.  Now some of you lightweights might cry about heartburn or the runs, but the chili is meaty and tasty without being overpowering.  Chili comes on everything.  Cheeseburgers, fries, hot dogs, shakes, just kidding.Don't be afraid.  Its a So-Cal classic that you will love.
5	I usually go to Tommy's about once a week to get food for my boss.  And i occasionally partake in the feasting of  burgers or dogs.  I mean can you really go wrong with chili standard on EVERYTHING!One thing I can't recommend however is the "Tamale boat" my toilet paid dearly for it couple of hours later.  The whole day with Muddbutt didn't help either.  The fries are crispy and the dogs are awesome.One day ill build up the courage to try one of there ginormous breakfast sammiches. Go there, or ill punch you in the face.
1	They claim their hamburgers are "World Famous." Famous for what, exactly? I ordered their #2 which is a cheeseburger and fries with a soda. I chose not have the mustard on the burger but everything else. I took out my debit card and they explained that there was a .69 cent service fee to use my debit card? I was fine with that, however, every fast food chain I have been too doesn't charge a service fee for their credit/debit transactions why is Tommy's the exception? If they are famous for sub-par liquidy chili and wafer thin hamburgers, then by all means they are KING. Their food is by far the worst fast food I have eaten. Their chili is like liquid. Their hamburgers are so thin it almost looks nonexistent.  I have eaten better chili at a school lunch room. I would have much rather have gotten Wendy's chili and put in on a burger. There was no saving this review. I can't even find words to describe something I liked about this place. "World Famous' you say? I can definitely see what you are famous for. BAD FOOD.
1	What kind of place is this?Order chili on a burger and when you get it, the chili looks like it was SLAPPED!! on the burger like someone back there didn't like you, a sight that makes you lose your appetite.Paper thin hamburger patties and in my case the tomato was the highlight of the burger. Tomato slice about 1/2 inch thick, the burger pattie? about 1/16th of a inch thin.Saving grace, the fries are good if you eat it there. Take it to go and they wilt and get soggy. There is a better Tommys about 250 miles away in California. This place is a disgrace.
4	Always a stop for us when there is one around. As it so happened there was one about 20 miles away. You can't beat their chili. The burgers and fries aen't bad either but it's all about the chili. If your felling lucky order the chili tamale. I would move into it if I could. Plus it's cheap. Almost as good as it gets.
4	Had the mega combo = 3 patties, 3 cheese burger , chili fries and gal of soda(lol)diet of course,maybe not a gal but it is huge.        Triple chili burger a bit messy for me, should have gone double.       Pretty consistent with previous review, middle of road chili for the masses , not too spicy or hot.  Chili cheese fries pretty good , but should have gotten plain fries to much chili for me.
2	I have definitely had better than what this place has to offer.  First of all, the default hamburger order includes this substance they call "chili" on the hamburger patty.  I think I would call it more like a mixture of tomato paste, bean paste and some sort of disgusting unknown ingredient.  Needless to say, I took about two bites and left the meal at the table for the staff to deal with.  I ordered a second burger, this time without the chili.  It was mediocre at best.  The fries were decent, however.  Had my experience with the second order been outstanding, I would have given this place a solid three stars.  I can't give them anything better than that, as my experience with the chili was too disgusting.  I would not recommend stopping in at this place for a burger and fries.
4	I know this place is supposed to be all about the burgers. But for me, it's all about the hot dogs here. The chili cheese hot dog, of course.Sure, the chili isn't all that great. But it's above average. And when you put it on a hot dog, it gets 4 stars.And there's no skimping on the chili and other toppings here. Don't even dream of picking up this hot dog and eating it. You have to knife and fork it. The chili is lathered all over it. It is awesome.And when asked if you want everything on it, say yes. Don't question what other toppings they could possibly be referring to, just go with it. It all totally works and tastes awesome.I've only ever done the drive-thru at this location, but zero complaints about the service.
4	Tommy's is so delicious!!!! I asked a few people if they like it or have eaten there before and I got a few good feed backs. I guess Tommy's is not for everyone but I do know that if your from CALIFORNIA you will like it. I'm glad they opened one in Nevada because you can't go wrong with a good chili burger every once in awhile.
1	It's been a little while since I ate here, but I am just now getting to my review.  Me, and my wife both ordered their chili burgers.....absolutely disgusting.  I can't even fathom how anyone can eat that stuff.  The patties were super thin, and the Chili wasn't chili at all, it was more like a thick nasty paste.  The fries were also NO GOOD!!!!  As we sat eating, the only good thing i could comment on was my fountain soda.  My Coke was great!!!   I am reading these other reviews, and it just makes me sick to think someone out there actually likes this crap.  I think I could do better with canned dog food on a burger.
2	Curious as to why this place hadn't closed down like the other restaurants in the horribly placed strip mall parking lot Tommy's sits in, my wife and I decided to stop in and try a burger... Oddly, they all come with chili, mustard, onion and pickle... The chili was more like alpo and the burger patty was thinner than a mcdonalds  patty! Fries were good, but that's about it! And judging by the girl working the drive thru, you don't need a high school diploma to work here. Still not quite sure how this place remains open...
4	I am from los angeles so you know I am a Tommy's fan baby! Chili cheese burgers, chili cheese fries, milkshakes, mmmm yummy...enough said I guess it is a west coast thing. I went to the grand opening a few years back when they opened in vegas finally, that is how excited I was for the chance to once again savor some chili and cheese goodness. Got Towels?
4	25 years ago I first met Tommy's hanging out at the corner of Beverley and Rampart in LA. A sprawling complex, with outdoor counters along the parking lot edge from which to scarf and people watch. They had been chronicled in the Let's Go California book, along with divey food joints like Clifton's Cafeteria and Oki, all of which I had to check out.To be honest, it was that crazy damn chili that drew me in. Sure it is a vague barely tasteless substance, but I ate paste in grade school so perhaps it was nostalgia kicking in. The fact that they didn't do fries (only potato chips !) or dogs equated with a cheeborger cheeborger aesthetic that only a minimalist would embrace.5 consecutive meals of double chili cheeseburgers later (including breakfast), I not only hadn't gotten sick, I still wasn't sick of Tommy's! Sadly, we returned from our road trip, saying goodbye to LA with our last meal being the famous Broasted Chicken at Knot's Berry Farm. However, I vowed I'd be back...Well I never did make it back all those years, but now that Tommy's made it to Henderson close to where my parents live, the first thing on my list was to partake of that heavenly slightly congealed glop bathing two thin patties and happily slapped between a sturdy bun and a not unsubstantial tomato slice. It did not disappoint. My dad even licked his chops as he watched me wolf that thing down. Immediately after we went to In-N-Out so they could eat their unglopped burgers and I could only think to myself, let it not be another 25 years. I'll be back.
5	Great burgers great chili cheese fries!
5	LOVE Tommy's, I just wish they'd hurry up and get the Craig Rd. Location open!
3	Chili on everything. Your reaction to those first three words determines whether you should visit Tommy's.Their standard burgers and dogs are topped with chili, onions, pickles, mustard and a slice of beefsteak tomato. But mostly chili. Good luck eating these without a fork and knife.I prefer the dogs to the burgers. But really, it's all about the chili. I love me some chili, and this is definitely the kind that's intended as a condiment rather than as the focal point of a dish. But for what it is, it's pretty good.They do promos on Facebook and Twitter like 65 cent chili burgers on Tuesdays. Can't complain about regular prices considering the size of the sandwiches.
5	Great Breakfast Burrito's.  They used to be open at 7am now they are not open till 8am.  Usually only catch them on the weekend because I eat breakfast earlier.  But Great Breakfast Burrito. Wish they were open earlier!
3	not as good as the originals in los angeles for some reason.  but it definitely hits the spot if you're craving something greasy and heavy after a night of drinking....closes at or before midnight though
1	I hate to leave a 1 star review but I was borderline sick to my stomach by the time I got done eating. And that is still after eating maybe a quarter of my food. Im not sure if I got a bad batch of chili or what but the taste was horrible!!I was hoping that maybe with this being my first time maybe I needed to take a few more bites to really appreciate the flavor. So, I attempted to choke down my meal and couldn't do it. I literally almost CHOKED!!I highly doubt I will return to tommys but if i do I wont be eating anything with the chili!!
5	this is a good chili place if you are from California and now living in Vegas.  I will be back due to the quality of the food.  The people that work there are nice and make it easy to dine in.  The place is clean and smells so good when you walk in.  Get the number 1 with chili fries everytime ask Johnny to hook it up and make sure you get extra napkins
3	Living in california it was easy to find. Just far enough from the shopping areas. Food was good. Not as good as the orginal in Los Angeles. Overall Not bad, not even crowded for being lunch time and the hospital is even right next door:-)
5	Heaven. Their famous burgers, fries, and even breakfast.
5	Did Pinkk's and Tommy's owner know each other? Chili is very similar but Tommy's Chili Cheese burger and Chili Cheese fry's WOW! Never been to the LA location yet :)
4	Love me a good chili burger and this place delivers! Its kind of like the super secret menu that you WISH In N Out had! These guys even have great fries... with or with out being drenched in chili and cheese.  I do wish it was open as late as the ones in California, but at least its here and just as good as I remember it!  (You hear that Chick-Fil-A!!)
5	As a transplanted SoCal girl this childhood favorite of mine has definitely helped with my homesickness by moving into Vegas. Burgers covered in chili, smeared with mustard and a thick slice of tomato under the patty. So delicious!
1	Digusting, gross, whatever adjective you want to use. Went through empty drive-through and I think the cashier was also the cook cause it toook awhile. He got my change right, but he forgot to fully cook the burger and the chili was a nasty mess of something brown and cold. I got lucky that I decided not to eat anymore after one tiny sample bite and also lucky that only $2.65 was wasted on a straight cheesburger. Oh yeah, I ordered no mustard and then the bun was soaked in yellow mustard that had been scooped out. Low-wage Idiots and bad food are a deadly combination at this dive. Call to corporate office has been made.
1	Horrible! I was craving a chili dog and noticed on yelp that this place was around the corner from my house and was supposed to be famous for their chili so I hopped in the car and ordered the chili dog combo with chili cheese fries. I will say the young man working there was very nice but when I got home I noticed my fries were devoid of chili which I would later be happy about. I opened up the chili dog and took a bite and promptly threw it in the garbage. The "famous" chili tasted like unseasoned squished beans and had the texture of tooth paste. The only edible thing was my fries and the little peppers they threw in the bag. Save your money because this place makes weinerschnitzel look like fine dining.
5	So glad we don't have to drive to Barstow to enjoy Tommy's anymore! We love having a Tommy's here and the new "Caliente Burger" is delicious! The only thing is the location is hidden behind St Rose Hospital so I don't know how many people know it is even there. They do give the employees at St Rose Hospital a discount. I can easily eat just an order of "Chili Cheese Fries" for a meal but if you have a bigger appetite you can order the "Mega Combo" priced around $10.They serve Cherry Coke! The inside is very clean and the employees are friendly.There is a drive-thru.
5	I have been a Tommy's addict since I was about 7 years old growing up in Southern California!  The joy that I felt when Tommy's finally branched out of Southern California and opened up 2 locations here in Las Vegas cannot be measured in words!Tommy's is by far the best bad food I have ever wrapped my lips around.  Their hamburgers hold their own, but it should be a crime to come in here without getting chili!  The flavor that Tommy's captures at every store is something that I have yet to recreate after hundreds of attempts to make my own at home.The prices are stellar:  A hamburger, fries and soda are right around $4.50, and the hours are nearly around the clock (they used to be 24 hours, but unfortunately the Henderson folk haven't discovered this gem yet).I tell everyone I know about Tommy's and I have yet to hear a bad review from a friend that tried it.  My only hope is that they open one in the Southwest (Warm Springs and Durango if anyone in Tommy's management reads this!).Great food, great flavor, great prices!!
3	I like no extra charges for ANYTHING pickles, pepper, onions etc.
2	I've passed by Tommy's on St. Rose a few times but never had the time to give them a try until last night.I ordered the #1 combo (Double cheese burger w/chili, fries and drink) at the drive thru. Service was fast and friendly and the food was served fast and hot.Let first say I like chili, chili dogs, chili cheese fries, etc. and have had them at many places and occasions. However, the "chili" they put on this burger was just terrible.From the pictures on the menu you would expect to see a meaty traditional looking chili. What they serve however is a brown sludge that resembles refried bean paste more than any chili I've ever had. The best I can describe it is like they took a very mild generic canned chili and added another can of refried beans and blended all the texture out of it. It was greasy and bland with no discernible meat flavor I could taste.Luckily most of the goo had smooshed out the sides of the burger and I was able to salvage a fairly good tasting double cheese burger from it. The rest of the burger wasn't bad. A flavorful combo of 2 flat top grilled patties, cheese, dices onions, tomato, and mustard. I got it without pickles.The fries were hot and crispy and rate better than average among fast food fries.I may go back to Tommy's again as I thought the burger was pretty good, but definitely will not get the chili on anything. I see all the reviews on here raving about the chili and I guess it's all a matter of personal taste. So take my opinion for what it is but I thought it was just gross.
4	LA classic chili cheese burger. i am seriously addicted to this place and have been eating there for many many years.
3	I was surprised to find a Tommy's while visiting Henderson.  What a delight as it brings back memories from the original on on Roscoe Blvd. in the San Fernando Valley back in Los Angeles.The recipe and menu here is the same.  The classic Tommy Burger with Chili is the staple.  The chili is more pasty that others but is the right amount to hold all the ingredients together.  Not too much and not too little.  For those who never had a Tommy Burger before the other staple is the tomato.  Thick wedge cut slice is their signature.  I think it's a nice crisp cold balance to the heat (temp) of the chili.My ranking of burgers is:Hamburger - In & OutChili Burger - Tommy'sCheeseburger - FatburgerPastrami Burger - Big FatCash and cards accepted.  Clean run joint.
3	My husband saw this restaurant on a list of "burger joints you wish were national" so we gave it a try when we were on our way home from the M.  I guess we didn't realize that Tommy's "big thing" are chili burgers.The restaurant was pretty empty so service was quick.  It was clean, although it seemed "bare".  The fries were nothing special, and I hoped they would be because I didn't really like the burgers.  I guess you have to be a chili person... and I'm just not.
5	When I'm craving Tommy's , this is my spot . I grew up on this in LA and since moving to Vegas from Hawaii , finding Tommy's here has given me a piece of home and I only live down the street
3	Decent burger but underwhelming chili. The chili should be the star of their signature burger, and it was more like an afterthought. The burger was OK, but  I wouldn't rush back. There is no easy access to the restaurant from St. Rose, which is a deterrent.  I had to drive through the hospital parking lot to get here. Doh!The yellow peppers were very good, they added a lot of flavor to the burger.
3	I've been to several Tommy's locations in So. Cal., this location is not anywhere near their efficiency. That said, the food quality was virtually identical, it simply took quite a bit longer to arrive.
3	The place say's World Famous, so maybe i was expecting too much.  The burger was a good size and cooked well, the chilli was ALL meat (no beans) which made my burger even bigger.  Bought a bottle of the peppers and they were really good also. Overall i liked this place and if one was in Phoenix i would probably go quite a bit!
5	Tommy's hamburgers are amazing !!!I have been eating them for 20 yrs. a visit to la- a must stop!!! It is a Southern California institution !!!10.0-- chili cheeseburger- I normally get 2 doubles. With chili and cheese and mayo. Simply great. Just perfect flavor and taste and fresh ingredients. You know you been to Tommy's when you see the yellow and white wrappers.10.0 -- chili cheese fries- fresh and tasty. Their chili is amazing!!!
3	I mainly come here for their chili. Love their thick style chili. Hot dog is just blah, but if u smother it with their chili and cheese it's delicious. The sliced tomato they put on the hotdog always seems to be dry or overly ripe so it ends up in the trash. Usually I'm pretty satisfied with my order. Most recently not, due to the fact that they forgot to put cheese on my chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries. Spicy, yellow hot peppers on the side go great with the meal.
1	My boyfriend went to get us lunch.... First off he asked for a hamburger for myself and was given a cheeseburger. Second his burger was missing the cheese he did want, and third since I didn't feel like driving somewhere else I decided to give it a try and it just tasted like a Big Mac! Seriously we over paid for a Big Mac, ridiculous. Only good part of my meal was the fountain drink. Even the fries were tasteless. First and last time we'll be heading there again.Update: I just gave some of what was left to my dog whose a garbage disposal and he walked away from it -_- terrible.
2	Guess I should have yelped this place before going ... Not to be confused wit the Tommy's burger in Barstow! These r one of the worse burgers I've had -_- tasteless and the fries dull and again tasteless .... Won't be coming back .. Took longer for the cashier to get my order right then to eat. No wonder this place is always empty
4	Love these burgers! We used to go there when we lived in California. Brings back memories from when we were kids! We love their chili. We were very happy that they opened some locations in Vegas!
1	I love Tommy's, in California that is. I was at the drive through with no other cars around noon on a Saturday. I spent 30 minutes in the drive through. I just drove away, luckily i didn't pay yet.I would have liked to support this place and give it business but this was the second time I recieved slow service so no more support from me. Canes is right next to it which was a perfect option, if not, better.
5	Tommy's is the ABSOLUTE standard when it comes to Chili burgers, Chili dogs, Chili tamales, and Chili fries, and has been for over 50 years. Millions of people in Cali love this food. If you ever visit LA, Just go by the original Tommy's location on Beverly and Rampart at 2am on a Friday or Saturday note and be amazed by the long lone of customers snaking for blocks away.And as for you fans out there that think "the best of anything" needs to come east of the Mississippi, fogettibout it, Tommy's is the best!
4	Its Tommy's, what else do I have to say? If you grew up in Southern California you know what I'm talking about. If not, give them a try... if you like old school drive-in style burgers and fries you won't be disappointed. If you have a weak stomach this probably isn't the place for you. But it's damn good either way.
