4	wholly WOW!!!  this place has a ridiculously HUGE beer selection.  i have to note that it has a HUGE bottled beer selection.  the menu is a binder filled with 500 or more types of beer.  i do hate that they only have a few binders lying around.  it's sometimes hard to find the binder.  maybe they need to do a top 50 and put it on board on the wall.  i just love the selection.  they have beers from all over the world.  they have beers that are listed as current market price.  they also have special editions like the Sam Adams Utopius (MMIII).  they have beers that are 25% alcohol.  it's like a shot.  i'm just happy b/c they have bottled john courage beer, the only place so far, since taking away the tap all over the US!!!  I am on a mission to drink all the beers there (not at once, but over time).  i think i only hit #25.  ha..ha..ha  this place is off the strip, thank goodness!!! it's right across from UNLV, so still close to the strip, if you continue on to go clubbing.  they don't have a huge tap selection, but i gotta love em for having Shiner Bock-from the GREAT STATE of TEXAS, one of the few places here in Vegas.   i also recommend 1554, ooh a chocolaty (did i spell that right) tasting brew, especially if you drop a shot of bailey's in it.  so if you like beer, you gotta check out this place b/c the selection is so UNREAL.
5	When I go into the Freakin' Frog, I know I'll have a good time. They have a huge selection of beers (about 500, methinks) and they often have live LOCAL bands playing as well (support your local musicians!!) in their newly expanded stage area. The bartenders are great and will remember your name and your favorite beer. The food is slightly better than your typical bar food, my personal favorite being the teriyaki burger.Across from UNLV the bar is generally populated by lots of students, but mostly the Indie kids that might remind you of folks you would have seen in old Cafe Roma. Sometimes they watch movies or play chess while drinking a beer. It's a generally open-minded place where people are genuinely nice to each other and enjoy meeting new people.
4	This is a very unique bar near UNLV.  Looks totally crappy from the outside, with white paper blocking out the strip-mall windows.  Doesn't even look open. Inside looks slightly better but not much- there's no real decor or atmosphere, it really looks thrown together.  Not even divey so much, just blah.  There are some frogs painted on the walls, but they look kinda weird.  No video poker at least!If you can get past the atmosphere (and you should) you will be amazed by their beer selection!  They offer about 500 choices from all over the world- it's a beer lover's paradise.  You may feel overwhelmed, but the bartenders are friendly and offer good drink suggestions.  They also have live music some nights and the patrons are mainly students and artsy people.   Wasn't sure whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  The decor and atmosphere of the place is a 2, but the fabulous beer selection is definitely a 5 in my book!  Plus, after you've sampled a few beers... who cares about the decor?
4	If you like beer, and you like lots of different kinds of beer, the Frog was invented specifically for you.  There is a mind-boggling array of ales and lagers, domestic and imported, standard to unique.  It's truly incredible.  Populated by UNLV students and their liver abusing pals, the Frog has quickly become a big player in the college bar game.I visited the Frog for the first time in a while this weekend, and I was glad to see that they'd expanded and put in an honest-to-god stage with lights and everything.  Bonus since they host comedy nights as well as live music.  I also forgot how much I love their macaroni and cheese triangles.  (Yep, they're fried.  I'm amazingly still alive after eating an order.)  Their bar-friendly appetizers are yum and the grill's always going so the burgers must be, too.  The only drawback to this place, as my roommate said, is you come for the beer, but there's not much to make you stay.(The Whisky Attic upstairs is a membership only deal. I was invited up once.  There's a lot of whisky, that's for sure.  And...uh...yeah, that was about it.)
4	Holy every beer you could ever ask for, Batman. I was stunned. Astonished. Amazed. The bartender seemed pretty used to my reaction to the list(s), and gave me a moment to come back down from my elation before knowledgeably guiding me through the famed binder.Yes, they have just about any beer you could possibly desire. The vibe was pretty low-key, each patron hypnotically fixated upon the solo television screen displaying "A Fish Called Wanda." If you're looking for a nice, chill spot for you and your friends to relax and have some conversation (Did I mention the beer?), then this is the spot for you. PS -- They have lots of beers.
4	Located near the University of Las Vegas, this place is a cut above your typical student dive (I think - it's been a while).  It's an interesting bar, with lots and lots of beers (Chimay is on tap), and live music now and then.  As a tourist, I wouldn't come here unless something special was happening, but it's a pleasant place to spend a few hours.
5	ahh, the Frog. I spent many nights here after class having a drink or using their wireless Internet while eating a burger that I don't know why is so good. Maybe super old greasy grill= good burger. This is really a good dive bar, the bartenders are always super nice, and the crowd is really lay ed back and usually UNLV and friends. I hope the Frog survives a rough business neighborhood, but stop in for a selection of many beers and they have a great happy hour as well where you can get two for one in the fun re frig, its like shopping only with beer.
3	Wow! They have Delirium Tremens on tap!!! Very nice! Plus, the In-N-Out burger is across the street if you're not wanting to order up at the Frog.
3	OK, maybe my expectations were too high, but this place borders on average.  All of the reviews and word-of-mouth feedback I received was very positive...I've been here twice (once on Friday night, the other time on Saturday night), and both times the place was far from packed... but it still took over 10 minutes while at the bar to get a beer.Their selection of beer is good... but I was hoping for more of a selection on tap.  The whisky room was pretty cool, but there wasn't a lot going on up there.  The entire place is void of atmosphere, but the bartenders were all female and pretty hot.Bottom line:  if you are jonesing for a specific beer, I am sure they will have it.  Otherwise, I prefer Crown and Anchor just around the corner if you want a bar with a 20-something crowd.
2	At first I was very impressed with their "binder of beer". Several pages, printed both sides, in small font. Wow, it looks like they have several hundred beers here! Great.The first three beers I asked for were out of stock, so she took me back to the cooler and let me peruse the selection. From what I could tell, there were only about 1/3 of the beers listed in the binder.I don't know if they are just terrible with inventory, or the binder is meant to impress but not deliver.I was able to find a few bottles of St. Feuillien which made my night, and I was impressed that they had Delirium Tremens on tap... but over all it was slightly disappointing.I paid $35 for a 750ml bottle of St. Feuillien here, and was later able to find the same bottle at BevMo for $10. I think that they would have greater success if instead of having some super-secret cooler that the bartender had to disappear to, they had market fridges with see-thru doors so people can select their beer and take it to the counter.We left as soon as the sad emo band with members too young to drink started playing.
5	When I wa staying in the 702, I would drink glass after glass of Wild Turkey, then stumble my way out the door with a to-go cup to this place. This is the kind of bar with a family feel, a drunk hip family feel. Evey seems to be in the same clique and though even after frequent visits I was rarely reccognized, I also always felt welcome and like part of ths "in-crowd."They have an amazing selection of beers which is just the right thing to come down off of Wild Turkey with so I never did make it to the whiskey attic though I hear great things.
5	I've been in Vegas for a few weeks now, and this place is awesome!!
4	Even though it's right across the street from UNLV, the crowd is more mixed than you might think.  I suspect that's because there's not a lot of bars in Vegas with the wide selection of boutique beers that the Frog carries.  A lot of flavorful beers, great Belgians and Chimays.  It's a fantastic place to drink beer.  You won't go wrong with either Duvel or the Speakeasy Porter.The bartenders are friendly and knowledgable.On Tuesdays from 7 to 9 there's a great jazz ensemble.  My one issue is I wish the owner could figure some way to make the front of the place look more appealing.  It has that dumpy strip mall look, but once you get inside, you see it's a fun small neighborly bar like you might find in SF or the NE.  It's just offputting, til you get inside.Hallo Goedendag!
5	I don't much like to drink, so there is little point for me to patronize bars-- if I'm not going out to drink, then what am I going out for, if not for some inebriated lout to drool on my neck and make comment about my stature?  WOW FUN TIMES. That being said, I would go back to the Frog in a heartbeat.  I was there on an off night, which was even better because it was totally deserted, employees outnumbering patrons.  Gary, the dude who runs the ship in the Whisky Attic, poured me some weisse bock of a quality I didn't think I could get unless I went back to Munich, and Matt, the downstairs bartender, put on the seminal classic "Master of the Flying Guillotine" for me, because I loves me some chop socky.  Thanks, boys!  I'm coming back in August!
4	One word: DELIRIUM4 stars for having my favoriate Belgium beer on Draft. This place can be either very pricey or very expsensive; it just depends on your taste. The food isnt that great but who cares they have 700plus beers to try.
4	Great happy hour with a ton of beers to choose from.  I love that they just have a fridge full of 1/2 priced stuff.  This would be a decent place to watch a game too.  Not sure about the food though but that's not why you're here.  Its all about the beer!!
5	IN THE COURSE OF TWO HOURS I...-Got hit on by two drunken waitresses from the Olive Garden who rubbed my inner thigh and were possibly trying to steal my wallet.-Got an offer from a random guy to go in the bathroom and do coke (which I declined).-Got Framboise Raspberry Lambic poured in my nose (in case you were wondering, it burns). -Listened to some bluegrass band with a guy who rocked the banjo.-Had some incredible beers like Old Rasputin, Stone Anniversary Ale, and the incredible Allagash Four.-Had an amazing fu*king time!Get OFF the Strip people!  There is life beyond all those flashing lights and fat sunburned tourists with giant margarita glasses.
4	Decided to venture off the Strip for a bit of a local/college pub experience, and I think Freakin' Frog definitely fit the bill.  It's across the street from UNLV (and also an In N Out--very useful if there are needs for alcohol-absorbing greasy yumminess).  It is located within a little strip mall and is very unassuming from the outside and within.  Just as my partner and I were saddling up to the bar, we were approached by a lively gentleman who said he had a question to pose to us to help settle a debate within his group.  It was something like, "Ok, you're a guy, and you've your ex did you wrong.  You meet a girl.  Now do you impose any hang ups, requirements, or any thoughts of vengeance on this new female because of your ex."  Now I'm not going to say where the conversation went from there, but these were cook kids.  They all just finished up finals and were graduating in finance.  We had a cool time hanging with them, and talking about relationships, Vegas club options on a chilly Wednesday night, and "gang bangers" in Seattle's Ballard.They had a decent NUMBER of drafts, but their OPTIONS were above average.  My bro had something called a Holy Grail and I had a Xmas-seasonal Belgian brew.  In addition to In N Out there's a Vons down the street, so if you want to be a do-it-yourself bartender, you can hook yourself up post-Freakin Frog.I'd definitely go here again.
5	This place is a complete dive, which makes it so cool.They play movies on big screens while you can sip on some pretty exotic beer.They probably only have about 300 of the 600 or so beers advertised, but who cares.   It's a cool joint to go out and meet strange vegas people.Love it.
5	THIS PLACE ROCKS!! First, take the tour of the fridge and you'll be blown away. If you love import beers, this is definitely the place to be. Ok, its not cheap, but hey you are paying for GOOD beer. food... well once you get there you'll see the kitchen is made over a grill and deep fryer.. so that should tell you what kinda food is there. Everything is pretty much deep fried there.. but I guess that's good beer food. remember.. you are here for the BEER!!
5	a very nice little bar, great space to see music.. good beer. nice people. i definitely would love to see a few more places like this for locals.
3	Sitting in this place I kept thinking Terry Funk was going to walk in and pick a fight with Patrick Swayze at any moment.Freakin Frog sits across the street from UNLV on Maryland.  It's tucked away next to a piercing and tattoo shop in (what else in vegas?) a strip mall.  Inside it's dark with really tacky lighting and a very cold atmosphere.  Kind of a frat house basement feel but with more tables and chairs and no vomit on the floor.Once you look beyond the grim surroundings, you'll discover this place has as good of a beer selection as anywhere you'll find in Vegas.  I went for a Molson Golden for 4 dollars but you can find much more obscure stuff among the hundreds of beers available.  The bartender who looks like an old biker went to a back room to fetch me a bottle and handed me my own frosty glass.  Pouring it myself was actually kinda neat.There are a few hd monitors turned to ESPN but nothing too excessive or loud.  When I was there they had a projection screen showing Top Gun.  There's also a stage area where it looks like live bands play.  I also hear you can take bartending classes at Freakin Frog.  I'd give this place a fourth star if its style didn't verge on creepy but maybe some people are into that.
5	Being a band on tour, you get jaded to the countless pubs and bars you get to play at. Every one of them sort of looks the same, and in your memory they all just get jumbled up into one nameless conglomeration of bars. And that was exactly the impression I, and the rest of my band had, when we first walked in. But it changed gradually as we spent more time there and discovered neat things that it had to offer.1__First thing I noticed was the arcade machine that had all the old-school classics: Street Fighter II, Raiden, etc. That in itself makes this place stands out above most normal boring bars.2__DELIRIUM TREMENS ON TAP!! WOO!! Being one of my favorite beers, I knew this place would be good as soon as I saw the baby pink elephant at the bar. It's an actual ornament, in the size of a small baby. You can't miss it, you can't resist ordering it. 3__Beer Float. With a lambic or stout. Wow. Why don't more places serve this?? Try a Framboise Lambic with Vanilla Ice cream. It will blow your mind. Soo good.4__Super cute bartender that plays amazing selection of music. Sorry I don't remember your name. But we remember your face and believe you are the definition of adorableness. You were playing such good music, too. Unreal. One of my bandmates actually wanted to marry you. Forgive his insolence. 5__Deep Fried Macaroni & Cheese. Uhhhh.. is this even legal? How do you take something as classic and good as a Macaroni and Cheese and shape them into little balls (or irregular triangles)  and deep fry it? It could have only been divine inspiration that motivates one to try something as crazy good as this. Yuummm.6__Cool owner/soundguy/"I run this business here" guy. He struck us as being overly professional and unfriendly at first. But I think he was just acting. He let that go pretty quick and turned into the friendliest man ever. He showed us around the place, and let us into the....THE BEER ROOM!7__The beer room hosts over 900 (so he says) beers from all over the world. Rare ones, special ones, limited edition ones. It was like heaven there. Like a cold, freezing heaven with beers all around.8__Then the man goes on to walk us upstairs to the...WHISKEY ROOM!! WHAHHAAAT? Scotch, Irish, Bourbon, Canadian, and Tequila. OK, so not technically whiskey, but it still belonged in that room. There was a whiskey that cost $350 per shot. Super rare ones that I'd never seen anywhere ever before. I love whiskey. I'm a scotch man. And I was literally drooling all over when I surveyed the shelves that held these beautiful nectar-containing receptacles. This room should be made holy and visitors need to take off their shoes in reverence.9__In that same room, I noticed people playing chess, board games. Wait.. board games? As in "my favorite activity ever?". Why yes. They actually have tons of board games. Can this place get any better? Ok that was supposed to be a rhetorical question. But I think the real answer is YES, actually, it can be made better.--The restroom needs A LOT of work.--The exterior facade of the place does not look inviting at all. And for a place this 'classy', the name just doesn't represent the business well enough. Freakin' Frog. It sounds like your run-of-the-mill college bar.Granted, it is a new place and they are trying to revamp everything about the business. Including the bands they invite and the music they play. They seem to be very supportive of indie and touring bands and expressed to us their goal to bring more and more touring and undiscovered acts and give them 'a break'.
5	This place boasts the largest selection of beer in their cooler - some 750 different types.  I have seen less well supplied liquor stores.  The bartender/waiter who was pretty much running the place solo, made insightful and tasty recommendations for beer.   Very handy since the beer selection guide was put together by a schizophrenic.   He was very helpful in giving us a tour of the amazing beer cooler.  The musicians were entertaining but the house sound system would go into a feedback loop that even the pimp-tastic beer selection has a hard time overcoming.  If you are into Whisky, they have about 600 different varieties in an upstairs room.  They also have an impressive Tequila selection.  All-in-all, this place is worth the trip off the Strip.
5	Best beer bar in Vegas.  Awesome selection of beers and they make a great chili.  Bar tender and owner are super knowledgable about beer, wine, and whiskey. Great service, fun atmospere, good music.  Ask to see their wiskey club and try a few single malts.  A great break from the casinos, and if love love beer you'll love this place.   Highly recommended
5	I stopped in on Sunday before heading over to the PBR Finals.  Great little place with a huge screeen and several TVs.  Very large selection of imports and decent domestic bottles; plus 10 taps of good stuff (not just the macro-brews).  The concentration of their selection seems to be from Belgium, Germany, USA, and some beers from Japan which were new to me  (the espresso stout is great).  They also have a stellar whisky/scotch selection!  My only complaint is that the "book" of beers is set up by brewery--which is great if you know what you're looking for.  I'd prefer it also be sortable by style: IPA, Stout, Lager, etc.  If you love whisky and/or beer this place is well worth a few hours of your time--if not an entire evening!  (I can't speak about the food as I didn't have any)
3	Freakin' Frog across from UNLV-has super burgers with waffle fries and great beer selection.On the Saturday I went it was completely dead I mean NO ONE was there and it was 7pm!!!The place was out of wing so I had to settle for chicken fingers which were just ok.I had a teriyaki burger and fries which was really good. I liked how the edges of the burger were crispy and the center was still medium-rare!!!Too bad they don't have pizza,gambling or delivery!!! Sad to say but it will probably be closed before I get a chance to go back.
2	Used to be a good place to get a good beer, but now all their taps are sold to the highest bidder... offering crap products to the public only because the distributer is willing to pay extra to be featured.  I will willingly drive the extra 20 minutes to go to Ace's and Ales (Vegas' premier beer bar) to avoid this prime location of a bar.At times, their taps offer some gems, but the majority of the time it is really just a shotty list of brews available (note: their bottle selection is very nice... but a tough sell due to pricing).Food menu needs a revamp.. yes, greasy food is important while drinking, however, get a little creative with it! Beer infused sauces, meats, salads, etc...
3	Spent an hour here killing time between a Rebel basketball game and a Chinese New Year feast at the Student Union. They seem to have a good selection of beer on tap. It's a decent spot to chill and have a cold one. The place wasn't busy when we were there, so it served its purpose well.
4	awesome beer selection   especially in bottles.u can chill there watch sporting events if yr into that crapor u can be beligerent drunk with hard ass beersi didnt give it 5 stars because of the location.and thats only a problem for tourists becauseits located totally away from the strip  near Flamingo and Marylandacross the street from the east side of UNLVso u can only go there by car or taxiwhich is recommended as yr ass will be drunkfrom all the 8 - 12 percent beers  yay!!!theres a supersweet whisky bar upstairs with a massive whisky and scotch selectiontheres also a somewhat cool head shop next door anda hydroponics store next door to the head shop!  Great!!   jkwell, for all the tourists, take a taxi and go try some badass beers
5	Freakin Frog on Tuesday nights.  Find me here with a peach Lambic in hand (in an authentic Lindeman's glass, +10 points!).  I love jazz, hate pretense.  FF delivers one without the other.   There is always a great rotation of musicians, with some just stopping by to jam and have some fun.  Only problem:  the Frog is uber laid back, and some folks yakety-yakking can get really loud some nights.   It's jazz people, shut your yaps, close your eyes and marinate! The second floor is a tequila/whiskey bar that is supposed to have hundreds of different bottles.  If I ever work up the courage to go upstairs (legitimately worried about having to be carried back down those same stairs)...I'll update this review.Love, love, love the Frog.
5	Extremely well informed staff. If you make a great selection the bar tender might offer to split a bomber with you! The picture I have attached give you some idea of the magnitude of the whiskey selection upstairs. This place is my disney world.
5	What a great selection of beer and whisky. The wife dropped me off here while she went shopping and I was glad she did. The bartender took me on a quick tour of both the beer room and the whisky attic both were amazing.  The food was great. Great chili that had the HEAT! The wife had the crack and cheese (deep fried mac and cheese) which she described as one of the best things she has ever eaten.
4	This place is some sort of bizarre. Everytime I come here it is for some reason, and that reason always leads it to being packed. It has been rumored that this is a great place to study. Every now and again it has bands that play.
5	MMM Beer! (Like 800 of them)OOO Whisky! (Like 600 of them)OLE Tequila! (Like 300 of them)AHH Jazz!!! (Like every night)Great food, even better service and a place where everyone can know your name. I feel bad because I can't be there every night.Oh, and try the Chili and "Crack and Cheese", and for a heart attack (JK) have them both at the same time.'Nuff said.
4	The Freakin' Frog is a beer geek's paradise. It's near UNLV, so it's slightly off the strip, but definitely worth the walk, cab, go-kart, piggy back ride or whatever you can take to get there. If you're expecting elegant, it's not. If you're expecting to find your future significant other, that probably won't happen either. If you're expecting over 700 awesome beers including a few great beers on tap, this is the place for you. They also have some pretty decent pub grub to go with your drink of choice. If you've scaled their beer mountain and want more, climb the stairway until you reach their Whiskey Attic.We went right when they opened and met up with a few friends. We basically had the place to ourselves. Spoke to the bartender who was a really cool guy and he said the place gets crazy at night.  He was willing to tell us which beers were good and lead us in the right direction based on our preferences. He was very liberal with samples too so we were able to make even better choices instead of wasting our money on beers that didn't suit our palates. One of the highlights of the day was getting to see the massive beer fridge. Amazing. I almost felt a tear of joy welling up in my eye, but a sip of my Deschutes "The Abyss" quickly took care of that.So if you want awesome beer, great bartenders and a fun place, get on over to the Freakin' Frog.
5	This review focuses on The Whiskey Attic (upstairs from the Freakin' Frog).  The Frog itself is a decent college bar, but not much more.  The Attic, however, is a national treasure.  Hidden near the UNLV campus and above a college bar, the Whiskey Attic houses the largest collection of whiskeys in America.  The bar operates by appointment only at this point and was formerly a private club (note: call Freakin Frog to arrange a time to visit the Whiskey Attic).  But once you get in the door . . . wow.  Wow.  Almost 1,800 bottles lines the walls offering different whiskeys to sample (drinks are served in dram, or tasting, sizes).  The variety runs from Georgia Moon Corn Whiskey (read: almost moonshine) to Springbank (ringing in at $400 a taste).  Almost no one knows about what's hiding in the Attic, but for a whiskey lover, it's a welcome surprise.
4	Over 700 beers, decent prices and when I was there, a supremely knowledgeable bartender.Great off-strip place to get away from the madness of the city for awhile.If I was into whiskey I'd probably bump it up another star (from what I read).  Maybe I will grow up.....someday.
4	The Frog has been around for a long time, recently it has gone through a face lift.  The place has been repainted, brightened up and toned down.A knowledgable new staff can help you with suggestions on beers, the taps are rotated often and ask for a tour of the beer cooler.Every beer lover must pay a visit to the Frog.  Food is straight from the freezer to the fryer, but the Crack n Cheese is a good bet.
5	Wow, wow, wow!!!! Three days since we went and I'm still reveling in Adam's knowledge and our overall experience here at the Whiskey Attic. I was trying to find a unique "non-Vegas" experience for my buddy's bachelor party and stumbled on to The Frog and on The Whiskey attic. When we rolled up, we were all bit taken back from the appearance of the bar on the outside. More than one guy in our party gave that look out of the corner of their eye at me that said, "What did you get us into?!!" Then we went upstairs to the attic and jaws dropped. The first thing you see is wall upon wall of the best whiskeys in the world. Then Adam asked each of us our favorites and suggested a Trip Around the World of 10 different whiskeys. It was one of the most amazing experiences ever. Incredible knowledge, top notch demeanor and funny as hell, too! Did I mention fried brownie bites and chocolate chip cookies as well?! The icing on the cake was the monster beer selection Adam has downstairs and his bartenders were all on point with their knowledge of beers as well. You simply must put a visit to Adam and The Whiskey Attic on ANY Vegas itinerary!
2	Went on a friday night, expecting a decent crowd, live music, anything really...  What I got was not what I was expecting.  I dunno how you can call this a college bar, as the median age in there had to of been 45.  Im not sure about the service, selection, or menu since we left instantly.  Definitely not the most happenin place, but it seems like theres are almost too many bars/dives for any of them to get really packed.If your looking for a decent college bar, we hit up Murphy's Law after trying to find a bar and it turned out to be hoppin.
4	This review is for The Whiskey Attic.  I'm not a beer drinker, so the charms of the Frog's bar are lost on me.But upstairs...oh, mother.  This is where I was truly introduced to the joys of fine Scotch.  I will not forget that night.  It was still a members-only joint at that time, and I was lucky enough to score an invite from a friend-of-a-friend.  An all too brief hour later, I felt like an initiate.  My first taste was a Lagavulin 16yr, which to this day remains a favorite.  Talisker, Bowmore, and Laphroaig were also new introductions, and well met.  The barman knew his trade, no doubt about that...and he was sensitive enough to my newness (and budget) to not steer me towards anything I couldn't handle.  Good man!I have other reasons for getting back to Las Vegas (friends, family and what have you), but The Whiskey Attic is near the top of the list.  May even spring for a little added adventure, try something...luxurious.(I reserve a 5th star until after my next visit...though I'm confident, friends, I am indeed confident...)
5	this is not a college bar!its a beer bar in a college area or maybe a beer bar in a college disguise. either way, its not a college bar.the beer selection is good, i suggest checking it out. 4 starsthe whiskey attic upstairs:thank you for existing. I love you. 5 stars
5	The Frog is a Las Vegas staple. Incredible beer selection and very knowledgeable staff. Jack and Chad are always there to recommend a new IPA or a bourbon aged ale. If you're from out of town and want something with more soul than the strip has to offer then take the short cab ride over and enjoy.This isn't a cheesy corporate institution so don't walk in expecting a 16 year old hostess or pretty, dumb bartender that can't make anything but a vodka tonic. The food is secondary to the libations and entertainment but the burgers and BLT are great. The chili is homemade daily using fresh beer and 100% beef. If you're a whiskey aficionado or want a crash course I doubt there's anywhere else besides Kentucky where you can get more options. JUst go upstairs and enjoy.
5	Five. Five stars for a bar. This is a rare occasion for me!I pulled in and barely noticed the sign. I checked Yelp to check in and noticed 54 reviews. That's how I knew it was going to be a great bar. If this hole of a place had 54 reviews, they've got to be doing something right.It's like... half a dive, half nice bar. The bartenders were super friendly, there was live jazz on stage. I got pulled on stage and tried to fart into the microphone, but was unable to fart on command. Supreme disappointment.They had some incredible beers on tap, and an even larger selection in the back fridge. Over 600 whiskeys too.I'm definitely coming back here with my friends and if you haven't checked it out, you should too.Remember, though, that little game machine sitting in one of the booths will just take your money. It doesn't work! Good trick, Freakin' Frog! Assholes. JK, I love you.
4	I'm definitely a fan of any hole in the wall bar that has every beer imaginable stocked in their fridge. I remain a bit pissed that they wouldn't serve me a shot of the Sam Adams Utopias which I've literally scoured the earth to find. Apparently it was "too old" for them to serve and not break some type of violation. I didn't really care but what are you going to do.The crowd on a Friday night was a mix of older hipsters, a few college kids, and a homeless man outside begging for money to anyone who ambled up to the door. I think this place lost one star for me the second I was accosted for change when trying to get in the door. Damn you ghetto location!The decor was pretty sweet with hundreds of taps lining the top of the ceiling and a jazz band accompanying the clanking of beer mugs filling the room. The bartenders were friendly and had some fun stories. I also learned that bearded munchkin is an old term for vagina. Thanks for that Freakin Frog!
2	I read somewhere that you should call and make sure the Whiskey Attic is open.  How about they answer the phone?  I decided to hope for the best and go.  Of course it was closed.  I had read the article about this place talking about how friendly the bartender was and how helpful he is with beer selection.  Not when I went.  If I go back here and have a better experience I will ammend this review but I think this place is not worth it.
3	I go to this bar, simply because it's right across from the UNLV campus. I mean, who doesn't enjoy throwing back a couple beers in between classes? It's what makes all my classes bearable. This place does have an amazing selection of beers. I'm not a big fan of their prices though. They do offer a happy hour, but it's nothing special. But, the Frog provides something that most of the other bars I go to provide: live entertainment. From Jazz nights to open mic nights - it's a great place to go to expose yourself to music you might have never liked. They do have a smoke free policy, which always bothers me when it comes to bars. But, all in all, good place to go to if you're in the area - but definitely not a place I would go if I had to drive out of my way for it.
4	This place wouldn't normally deserve a 4 star from me, but definitely had some redeaming and over the top qualities.We showed up to blarring, painfully loud jazz music being busted out by a band with a combined age of probably about 300, but it was good music still. There wasn't any wait staff because it was a regular weekday, but the tap selection immediately caught my eye. Delirium Tremens, Anchor Steam, Leinenkugels, Sierra Nevada, Chimay, and oh so many more. Impressive!Then....there was a message from heaven in the form of a display on the TVs that said "Over 1,000 beers in the fridge, and 600 whiskeys in the attic," and my heart melted where I stood.Despite any other short comings, the place was HELLA amazing to find in such a random place, and I'll definitely head back again with a troop of my alcoholic friends whenever I get a chance to while I'm in Vegas again!Thanks for a great time.
4	Awesome selection of beer (1000) and whisky(600)!The jazz music was a little loud but the band was great and very into it. Would come back for sure :)
5	Low Key, with such a great beer list. Hubby in heaven!
5	Take a tour of Belgium without leaving the US. Amazing range of Belgian beers and of the world, for that matter.If you're nice, the beertender may even give you mini tour of the walk-in cooler where it's all stored.  And unafraid of being cliched, it's like being a grownup kid in a candy store.
5	This place is amazing!!. Bartenders are very knowledgeable. Just tell them what type of beer you like and they will find you something new and interesting. Best place near the strip if you are a beer connoisseur. They have a great selection of draft, and nearly EVERYTHING in bottles. And I mean everything, Including some beer that is impossible to find anywhere else- like discontinued and limited editions of Seasonal's. They also have all the Unibrou anniversary beers.
5	If you are doing a trip to vegas, this is a must stop. You can reserve a private tasing room for whiskeys. You will learn and be taught by the best in the country. They have ANY type of whisky you could possibly dream of. They also have an award winning beer selection. You must check this place out.
5	For what it is, the Frog is a good bar.  This for the most part is a relaxed place where you can go and do whatever you want.  If you want to sit back and listen to music and socialize, this place is good for that.  If you want to party, of course it is good for that.  I think Las Vegas is already overrun with places that are shoulder to shoulder, loud, and you may leave with a headache.  They have a great piano player every Thursday night.  Even if you don't like the live music they have down there, it's a bar... what did you expect?  They have more beers than you can try, food isn't terrible, service is fine, what more can you ask for?  Just because they aren't half nude girls every 5 feet and it isn't like a club, doesn't mean it isn't a fine establishment.  The Frog is great.
5	Good Bar food, but I don't really go for the food. Their beer and whiskey selection is out of this world! They always have interesting taps, usualy have live music at night, on Mondays they show movies!
4	This was the first bar I discovered in Las Vegas that had beer beyond what they serve at every PT's on the corner, so it holds a special place in my heart.I have only been here on the occasional Friday night, but its usually a pretty good low key bar scene with real people, instead of fake las vegas.Ultimately its the beer that keeps me coming back. They always try to get beers beyond what you normally see, so to that I give them credit. They are a bit pricey, but worth it in the end.The food is very good, cooked to order on a little kitchen area beind the bar. Burgers are especially yum.
4	So since I can't review them separately this is For the Frog AND The Whiskey attic.In most cases this would be a 5 star dive bar. They have almost any beer you could ever want and many you have never heard of. The staff, for the most part, knows more about beer than your average brewery employee and can guide you through the menu with ease.There is a good jukebox, and with the high ceilings it is a great place frequently see FREE live music.I've only eaten here once, and I had the Chilli, which I'm pretty particular about and there's definitely hits the spot, served  in a big bowl and heavy enough to satisfy your stomach and hold up to a night of beer sampling.The rest of menu is typical bar food favorites like burgers, wings, fries, nachos, etc.The Whiskey Attic is the place where a whiskey fanatic's dreams come true. When I first walked through the door and entered the room I felt like Howard Carter breaking through the wall into Tut's tomb.It's not open all the time and to get up there you basically have to request it from the staff, usually when Adam is there. On both occasions I've been he took our group up to see it and give us a rundown of the place. But....like I said this WOULD be a 5 star, except for one factor. PRICES!Go during happy hour and take advantage. Some of these items are understandably high because they are limited, seasonal, or specially imported...but trust me I know how much beer costs...especially here in Las Vegas. And the reason I'm not a frequent patron (even though I like the place) is that in that atmosphere with that location everything is 10-20% higher than its competition and demographic.So...If for example I want a Huckleberry Finn Nut Brown Bourbon Ale or a 23 year old whiskey that I just can't get anywhere else, the Frog/Whiskey Attic is where I'll go.Or if I'm on campus around happy hour I'll stop in for a quick one. But otherwise this place will be my favorite place that I never go.
5	The best selection of tap and bottle beer. Awesome burgers, good appetizers, and fun music!
5	Good beer selection. Great employees. Rad whiskey attic. DO NOT TRY THE SATAN'S BLOOD, you've officially been warned.
4	Went on a Friday night kinda early and it was pretty empty...so maybe we just happened on it when it wasn't happenin' yet.  However Jack the bartender was awesome.  He is a tougher looking guy with a beard and a bandana..but turned out being the biggest sweetheart.  Showed us the Whiskey Room..very cool place with the feel of like an old mansion's hidden bar room...he suggested some scotch for one of the guys with us...the rest of us had trouble deciding between the 20 or so distinctive and unusual beers on tap and the overall selection of some 1000 beers, and he gave us some small samples to help our decision.  We really enjoyed our drinks, and when it came time for us to move on he even called us a cab.  I'd go back just to chit chat with him again.  Next time, though I hope the Freakin' Frog's energy is a little kicked up.  The live music wasn't going yet either.  But it was a cool experience...and helped make our trip a little different.
4	The review of this bar is simple....1. If you love REAL BEER from all over the world then come here..Adam has an amazing selection in his holy grail of a cooler and they are more than willing to walk you back there to personally experience its wonder.2. The whiskey attic will admittedly blow your freakin mind....a VERY impressive selections of whisky to choose from. As I am not a big whisky fan "other than Irish whiskey" i cannot comment on the types of said whiskey but if you love it or are at least intereseted...it's there.3. Food here is mediocre bar food..plain and simple. But most people dont come here for the food. The Chili and Lucifer burger are quite good though. 4. The negative reviews you see about prices are from simple minded miscreants plain and simple...this is a beer bar with beers from all over the planet..its not bud light bullsh*t...but...During their happy hour they do offer buy one get one...which for a college goer is a must lol.
4	It has been quite some time since I have visited the Frog. This was the fundamental university haunt. When I had a difficult day at school, I walked across the street. When it was time to celebrate the ending of finals week, I walked across the street. Because the sky was blue, cloudy, or dark, I walked across the street. In retrospect, I wonder how this uni student was able to come here so often because the beverages are pricey. Do not fret though, within the vast variety the beertender will aid you in finding a drink that meets your taste and budget. When I walked back through that familiar door, memories came flooding back because the decor has seen very little change. Looking at the staff, initially, made me sad. All my favorite beertenders are gone, but  it did not take me long to see that the vibe is still the same. I am sure after a few visits I will have a new lineup of go to experts. Jack, for one, is already moving up on the list. For a gruff looking biker, he is able to sweet talk the ladies and shoot the breeze with the guys.  Now for the goods. Happy Hour goes from 4pm-7pm but talk to the person behind the bar for the selections. Only certain beers off the tap are available. The sweet potato tots drizzled in honey and dusted with powder sugar is a must. Tots are a feel good food. Just focus on the fact that sweet potatoes are a super food, ignore that they are fried, and allow yourself to be in heaven. The waffle cut fries are also a favorite. Large pieces and a generous order. All the food is inexpensive to moderately priced. My friend has a soy allergy, pulled a random order out of nowhere, and Jack still made it for her.
4	Recently visited the Freakin' Frog to attend a pub quiz night and you know what? This place is FREAKIN' AWESOME! If you're ever in need of a good selection of beer that you've probably never heard of, check this place out. They have an s-load of different kinds of beer and I'm sure just about every one of them will make it's way into my system at some point over these next few semesters at UNLV. And in my experience, the beer is also freakin' cheap. Okay, I'm done using the word "freakin'."Live music is also a common thing that goes on here, so if you're into free live music and a variety of beer and whiskey, drop in and grab a Bitch Creek!
4	What a nice place. It's kind of seedy, kind of divey, but that is just a facade to drive away non-believers. Let's not make any mistake here - you go to the Freakin Frog for Beer and/ or Whiskey. Food is about as casual as it gets. Even the steak gets served on plastic plates.... The Maple-Bacon Wrapped steak. With 1,000 beers in a walk-in cooler, and a very knowledgeable staff, even if you don't like beer, they'll find a beer you like.  Near the University you get a good vibe, laid back. I'm a fan. The Whiskey attic has 600 different whiskeys from around the world - and although I don't know much about it, the staff gave us a fun and interesting tour.
5	Amazing place for anyone who loves beer or whiskey.  I love both, so it was incredible.  Going through a tasting with owner Adam is an experience EVERYONE should have.  It will change the way you think about tasting anything.  Food is excellent pub food.  Chili a must have but must like it hot!  Go!
5	If your beer of choice is Coors Lite, Bud Lite or any other wannabe beers in this type of category, don't go to the Freakin Frog. On the other hand if you fashion yourself as a "beer connoisseur," the Freakin Frog is the place to be. They have something like 600+ beers available by the bottle and a dozen or so from the tap.They also have 700+ whiskeys available in the attic section of the bar. We were able to view the Whiskey Room but stuck to several different types of beers during our visit. The staff is super friendly and helpful if you want to better educate your knowledge of beer and whiskey.They typically have live musical entertainment nightly but we visited around 4pm and didn't stay long enough to see any live bands. Maybe the next Vegas trip!So, if you want to visit a very unique place, not far from the Vegas strip with a huge selection of beers and wiskeys, and very good "bar food" as well, check out The Freakin' Frog.
5	The largest selection of whiskey I have ever seen, very knowledgeable staff and an atmosphere that just feels like you've dropped by your friend's place (if your friend were one of the most dedicated whiskey collectors in the world).  Downstairs isn't bad either with a pretty nice selection of interesting beers.
5	You better love beer! And know that the good stuff, brews you can't get everywhere, might cost a bit. With this in mind, talk to you bartender and be sure to get a tour of the cooler.It seems like anyone other that Jack (THE MAN!!) is just kinda any other bartender. But Jack will talk to you about what you like and what you want to spend and make suggestions.Because it's across the street from UNLV, the music nights are hit or miss. It's kind of rough when you want to drink good beer, but have to listen to crap music.Everyone must check this place out. Chances are, it's for you!
4	If you aren't a beer-snob or a beernasseur, this isn't your bar. You're spot is down the street at PT's. I didn't partake in the whiskey but from what I have seen in the attic, it is extremely impressive. The bands that would play there were decent. Some were great the others were meh. But like I said, I was there to escape Vegas.
4	This place was not at all what I was expecting when I walked in -- or up the stairs to the magical land of 600 whiskys.  Whiskeys?  Look, the point is that even when in that cloud of brown aether, at 3 AM, I had a consummate professional who knew what was up and serving a proper quantity of whiskey at a good price.Also, a 11% beer that knocked me over.This place is amazing!
3	Before you read any further, do not, I mean DO NOT come here when they first open and still have all the lights on and floors reeking of bleach. I felt like I was in a hospital waiting room and wanted to leave. That being said, this place is all right once the lights are dimmed and your nose has become accustomed to the bleach.What makes this place spectacular is their 900 + beers in their cooler. I've died and gone to beer heaven. It gets better. No way, how could it possibly? They have a whiskey attic with 200 + whiskeys!! A snifter of whiskey, a fine cigar, and some comfortable leather seats. It's a touch of class in a wild place. I can't say how the live music is, we were there too early, but the stage was a decent size. Don't forget to try the habanero chili. Good stuff, then wash it down with some of the finest beers you can't find at your local grocery store.
5	Great beer. Free show was amazing (Selloane)
5	Fantastic beer bar. My husband and I took a cab off the Strip after reading the reviews for this place and it was worth it. We were escorted back to the beer fridge to pick our poison, the likes of which we had never seen before. The bartender was extremely knowledgable and the selection was unmatched. Live entertainment didn't hurt. We will be coming back next time we visit Las Vegas.
2	Its nice that they have craft beer but there are barely any taps & the selection rarely changes. The feel of the bar is boring and they never utelize the stage with good performances. They have made it into a bar for old college professors. If your a beer snob there is a bunch of other places way cooler than this place to go to. I was forced to go here for awhile but now there are places way better and with just as good of a selection if not better. Check out Ace's & Ales if your a real beer snob. They're pretty awesome. Also yard house, big dogs and chicago brewery are good. I look at the frog as a last resort for a good beer.
4	Dayum! What a beer list! Never would have expected it from a bar called "Freakin' Frog", but hey, what do I know?If I went to UNLV or lived nearby, I'd be at this bar a lot. Wouldn't say that this is the fanciest place I've ever been to or has the best entertainment, but they do have pumpkin beer on tap and it's good. You could probably visit Freakin' Frog every night of the week for several months and not have the same drink twice. Hence why they're near a college campus :)
5	i had low expectations of this place. It looked very deserted from the outside and especially in the inside!I went here with a couple of friends..one of my friends ranted about the beers. I'm not a big fan of beers but checked it out anyways.So the waiter was also the cook and bartender lol. He was pretty chill and funny..He showed us his walk-in fridge which was filled with 1000s of beers!He had a limited menu of the basic burgers, sandwiches, etc. I ordered a reg. cheeseburger..which was REALLLLLLLY GOOD. It came with waffle fries..and oh man that was good too!My friend ordered the lucifier burger..and boy was it THE HOTTTTTTEST BURGER ever!That burger belongs on MAN vs FOOD PRRRRONTO!i've tried a few beers...but can't comment much on it because again, i'm not a big beer fan. Although, the beer drinkers in my party were super satisfied and were ordering beers left to right. I believe some of the beers were unique and difficult to find at grocery stores or liquor stores. I'd def. come back when i'm back in vegas. I plan on taking my bf here so he can try it..hes a burger type of man.
5	Stop by Freakin' Frog if you have time. It's a hidden gem off the beaten path sitting in  an unassuming strip mall. Craft beer heaven and sick whiskey attic!
5	I LOVE FREAKIN FROG!  Their beer and food are both amazing, I usually get a few orders of the crack-n-cheese (fried mac and cheese) and I must say that the name is very fitting.  I also get the Lucifer Burger, and make sure they add a little heat for me. The beer selection is awesome, and their Whiskey attic is very neat as well (it is a complete different world up there).
5	This place deserves 5 stars for their awesome road-bike-looking-workers, and for letting me in to see my favorite singer, even though im not of age!Even though its a bar, they dont card you as soon as you go up to the door. If you order a drink they will. Its an interesting venue. Great for musicians, and for people who are deeply interested in whiskey and other beverages. The food is also pretty good. Had a burger, and loved it!I love the people, the service and the atmosphere..
5	Love, love, love this place.  It is my favorite bar in town....too bad I do not live closer to it.  The bartenders here are really laid back and chill, very easy to talk to.  They have a huge selection of beer (as I am a woman who will choose beer over anything) and they will even give you a tour of the beer refrigerator (of course it is a selling tactic but still awesome).  I'm a huge Strongbow fan (which is a hard cider from England) and this is the only bar in Las Vegas that I found has it.  They also have Carlsberg from Denmark.  Jazz bands perform here around 9 p.m....some of them are good while others are well, ok.They have a whiskey attic, but the downside is that they are super selective about who they actually let up there.  I have only been there once since you need a "reservation", but my friends and I were able to sweet talk our way up there.  Oh and it is a nonsmoking bar without any cheesy poker gambling options!
4	My review is based solely on the beer selection - you'll see why.  My wife (fiance at the time) and I went here the day we flew into town (4/22/12) to get married. After we went to the marriage bureau and Fremont Street, we took a taxi here (bad planning on my part; that was a $30+ cab ride). The wide selection of beers is unbelievable. If you are a beer fan, you MUST come here. The beer cooler is a beer-lover's dream. The only word of advice I could give you - if you're looking for a crowd, do NOT come here on a Sunday afternoon at 4:00pm - my wife and I were the ONLY 2 people in the place - besides the bartender. So I had 2 beers and we headed back to the Bellagio. However, if you're with a few friends and want the bartender's undivided attention - by all means, 4:00pm on a Sunday just may be your time then!
4	This is a review for the bar/beer selection and the atmosphere. Honestly, the tap list is just "okay" it doesn't revolve enough and they really just need a better selection. It's craft like, but with just average beer. The bottle selection is clearly astounding in just shear volume. the problem is that most of the beers that they have aren't age-able ales so realistically most of the bottled beer you are drinking(especially obscure ones) are going to be old and not taste like they are meant to. The atmosphere is spot on. Bartenders are friendly and the vibe is hipster/indie which i like. Its not the best craft bar I have been to, i feel like they have really missed on the tap selection, Aces & Ales does a much better job on tap. Still a 4/5 for sure and worth a stop!
5	This place rocks. Adam has done a good job of creating a bar that you can explore true craft beers, and whiskey!
4	Too bad about the lighting cuz the beer list is great and the staff know their Sh@%$!%$T.
4	The location makes it number one on my GPS. The atmosphere makes it number one in my heart. Was at UNLV on a Saturday afternoon with a group of 12 people who needed to get drunk fast without going very far, Freakin' Frog was our savior. The place is dead around 2pm but that's exactly what our obnoxious group needed. Their selection is more than what you would expect from a college bar, even has framboise and cider for the bougie crowd. 5 pitchers, 2 shots, 3 bowls of fried food later I was a happy happy camper - if I had a bar like Freakin' Frog near my alma mater I probably wouldn't have graduated on time.
5	Had a great experience here with my husband and a local friend. We came in shortly after opening, and the bartender was nice enough to show us the whiskey attic (even though it's usually only available by appointment) and then gave us a tour of the massive beer cooler room. We chose four interesting craft beers and a nonalcoholic drink for our teetotalling friend, then sat at the bar to drink them. The bartender was fun to chat with and served us each beer in appropriate glasses, keeping the waiting bottles on ice behind the counter until we were ready for them -- and he slipped me chocolate kisses to go with the stout! At midafternoon, the bar was quiet with a comfortable ambience, just what we were looking for that day. Loved it and hope we can go back on a future trip!
4	Great place!   Nice, air conditioned place with lots of character. Fun bartender. TONS of beers. Live music. And more (I haven't visited the whiskey attic). Good bar food. The Squeezebox Hero is performing there on July 18, 2012, so kudos to the frog for booking an actual rockin' accordion player (rare for Las Vegas!!).
5	Now I gotta "Wobble" home after a wonderful Scotch Tasting at my neighborhood bar-grill! I love this place!!!
5	Perfect place to chill. If you're looking for an extraordinary beer this place will rock your world. The live bands are a plus.
5	This is an awesome college hang out.  I love coming here and the beer always tastes better
5	Ok, they have how many beers on tap? Not to mention the encyclopedia size notebook they have listing all the beers they have in bottles from around the world. For a real thrill try the Lucifer Burger, a burger drenched in hot sauce and a onion slice so think it will bring tears to your eyes, you will most assuredly need a beer to put out the fire. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	Where do I begin? This is a very overhyped bar that gets too much attention and press (maybe its paid for?). First off, the food is terrible. It comes out of a freezer and straight onto a grill or into deep fryer. Nothing worth while to eat. Secondly, whoever said it has biggest selection of taps in Vegas probably doesn't know what they are talking about. Yardhouse definitely wins that award. Aces and Ales along with Public House have the best selection of good and hard to find craft beer in Vegas. The money mark up on draft beer is also ridiculous. Next item up, the "beer list". They claim to have a 1000+ beers and have it all listed in a book. Well, half the time they don't have the beers listed within that book. If you pick a beer and they have it-----then the mark up will burn a hole in your pockets. Whiskey attic is an alright portion of the bar, but nothing to rave about. If you really want good craft beer in Vegas---ignore the hype. You are more likely to enjoy Tenaya Creek or Big Dogs for local craft beer. Public House on the strip is a great place offering cask selections as well. Aces and Ales is the more supreme beer bar and has huge beer events throughout the year (ie. Stone Domination, Ballast Point Takeover, Strong Ale Fest, etc).
4	another must stop place for beer had a Tripel Karmeliet and then bartender took me upstairs and had an Elijah Craig bourbon as a nightcap...good stuff...
5	Love freakin frog! Awesome bar with good people and better beer :)
4	The last time I was at Freakin Frog was probably 6 years ago. I had been going there quite often for about 2-3 years. What I loved about it was the wine and the atmosphere. Oh and the fried olives. But what a selection of wine! Adam, the owner, is a connoisseur of just about anything wine, beer or whiskey. We; my friend and I and Adam, would sit and talk about a lot of things for hours. So yesterday I decided to stop by. There were a couple of people at the bar and only one other female besides me. It was so dark I had to wait a while before my eyes adjusted. Well it's changed a bit. The only wine available is Sutter Home in the small travel bottles. For $6 a pop, hence the 4 stars, really guys..... HOWEVER, Jason, the bartender, is the kind of employee everyone should have working for them. He saw my face when he said Sutter Home, not that it's bad, it's just not my particular taste. After a couple of minutes he asked how my wine was, I asked about the owner and mentioned the bar was bigger than I remember and blah blah. He went about his duties and a couple of minutes later he comes back with two bottles of wine that were chilled and unopened and asked me if I wanted a glass. Jason gets 5 stars for being resourceful, thoughtful and a damn good salesman. I respectfully declined, BUT..... that is how business is done. I know about the 1000 beers and 900 whiskeys but I remember the wine. I will go back because of that. Just wanted to let everyone know my thoughts about it....... ; )
3	Neighborhood bar for drinking beer.  Various drafts - when i visited it favored IPAs and Belgian brews.  Expect to pay an average of $7 a beer.  The size varies from a chimay to a pint depending on the beer.  There may be specials such as two for one or bottle beers so ask.  Food is basic.  There is a small grill and oven and deep fryer behind the bar so expect burgers, sandwiches and a couple pizza and salad options.  Nothing special just enough to soak up the beer.  Very little drink options besides beer.  Atmosphere is friendly and casual.  I was over dressed in a polo shirt.  Good hangout.
4	I used to come here when I was still taking classes at UNLV. I remember a time in my final full semester when a group of us went in after a killer mid-term and skipping our next class. It was happy hour I think and beers were buy one get one. So we all had a couple of drinks. I requested some Pantera on the juke box. We all just kicked back and relaxed after the stressfull test earlier in the day. We went back a while later one more time towards the end of the semester. That was about the last time I saw those one time friends. I have been back to the Freakin Frog since then with other friends though. They still have a great selection of beers. And the food is good too. It is fresh and made right in front of you. Bar food is the best.
4	The fryer was being cleaned so we had pizza but the pizza itself was pretty good.The beer selection is the most impressive selection of beer in a walk in fridge I've ever seen. Definitely worth checking out if you're in town, it's now a must stop when I'm in Vegas.(Bartenders are pretty cool)
4	Loved getting to stop in here...awesome craft beer selection and great staff. I will absolutely be returning next time I am in town.Only drawback (for me at least) is that it feels like you are in a cave. No natural light whatsoever.
4	Framboise on tap = delicious! The owner was awesome and it's a super cool place to come chill a ways away from the strip.My boyfriend really wanted to check this place out because of all the crazy cool craft beers they have (on tap and in a HUGE refrigerator) and I scored too because they had a nice girly drink for me :)Definitely give this place a try if you're in the Vegas area and want to get away from the madness of the strip for a little while! Prices are great, too!
4	One of my favorite bars in LV. With hundreds of beers and a whole room upstairs dedicated to Whiskey its a fun place to experiment with new beers and whiskeys. Delirium Tremens on tap... one of the few places in vegas that has this beer! Also Nougat beer by the bottle. it tastes just like a snickers bar. Jack the bartender is awesome as well. and oh! free wi fi :)
4	I'm a wine lover.  So what the hell was I doing at a beer joint?!  Last Tuesday night class of the semester and we decided to celebrate across the street from the University.This place is SERIOUS beer lover paradise.  The very patient bartender suggested a Blue Star.  Very pretty and fragrant - I thoroughly enjoyed it!  And we enjoyed chatting with Adam who's passion for beer and spirits is not only transparent but contagious.By the way, I like their jalapeno poppers too!
5	Upstairs tasting room was partying so nobody was allowed in which was too bad since it looked like a blast. The band was jamming. Every other song seemed like a cover song. In between they just jammed to cleanse the palate I suppose. The stage is in close proximity so if you dig live music this is the spot. Everyone seemed pleased. Everyone had a good buzz going. Lakers won that night coming back from 12 to win the game. The Freakin' Frog has a never ending list of beers which they have in a binder for you to look at. They sell most of them in singles at a premium. I bought a few and my wallet felt it. While there I think I had some Trois Pistoles and Dogfish head with Dogfish head poured from a draught. About the binder.. just be sure to wash your hands. Menus and binders like these don't get cleaned often and that's where bacteria breeds from all the patrons handling it. Of course you will be drunk and will forget but just throwing that out there. Across from Freakin' Frog is In-n-out. GTFO.. really? Best time to eat burgers is when you're drunk and unable to drive. That double double was the best tasting In-n-out burger I've ever had the pleasure of eating in Vegas no doubt. Another off-the-strip-must-stop when I'm in Vegas.
5	The Whiskey Attic and the beer fridge are wonders to behold.  Good food and great atmosphere.  What say the brethren?  Satisfactory.  And so recorded.
4	Why I haven't been to the Freakin' Frog earlier, I can never say.  I finally made it down there with some coworkers.  The atmosphere is fairly brightly lit and has a trendy college scene feel to it.  No slot machines!!!!!  We were seated by very friendly staff, and the owner somehow knew that we were there for beer!I ordered the turkey melt, which was really good.  The cross cut fries were heavily seasoned and didn't need ketchup or ranch.  Very nice bar food.  The beers on tap were pretty exciting as well.  Delerium Tremens, Uinta Labyrinth, Ruination, etc.  Even more impressive was the cellar where they house more than 1100 beers.  They offer beers from the best breweries in the world that you won't find elsewhere in Vegas such as The Bruery, Alesmith, Drie Fonteinen, Cantillon, etc.  I purchased a Lolla Rossa (a cherry Flemish red) from the cellar on the recommendation of the staff, and was quite pleased with this outstanding beer!  Props to the staff for being so beer knowledgeable.  They also took us up to their whiskey room, which was filled with hundreds of whiskeys from around the world.  They do a special tasting method developed by the owner where each tasting is customized for the group of people who go.  Very cool stuff.The downfall of the old Frog and the only reason I am not dishing out a 5/5 is the price of the beer.  The good drafts will run you around $9 a pint.  My Lolla Rossa was $50, and I am sure that was a bit high even or a 2011 Flemish red.  I probably won't be coming here on a regular basis to get my beer fix, but I will definitely keep my eye on their special events. They had a Leipziger Goze on cask event coming up when I went, which is simply amazing for a craft beer nerd like me!   If you are into beer, the Freakin' Frog is a must try.  It is also a great place for tourists since it is just a few minutes away from the Strip!
5	I love coming out here to hang out with friends and grab a drink! It's by UNLV which is great for UNLV students! Be warned though, during breaks, it gets pretty quiet, which is totally not the same atmosphere as when school is in session!They rotate their tap beers and have a TON of selections in bottle though. There is something for everyone, I always like trying new things, so I like coming here and trying something different each time. Their chili is something everyone MUST try, because it's delicious! Along with their waffle fries. The bartender is always fun to talk to, does not matter who it is, they're awesome people with some awesome customer service!
2	Great beer selection but extremely overpriced. Weird atmosphere, some nights it is hopping, other nights the bartender kind of pushes you out because it's so slow. I will say that the smoke free environment is nice, but I don't know if that can make up for the steep prices.
4	A friend and I came here after a UNLV basketball game since we didn't want to fight traffic going home. Best. Idea. Ever.The two bartenders were super friendly and attentive although the bar was pretty busy.  Their tap selection seemed pretty unremarkable, but they had Chimay and some of my favorites so I couldn't really complain.When we asked about the Whiskey Attic, my girlfriend and I were offered a private tour of both the Whiskey Attic and beer cellar. It was awesome and really informative.  I asked for the bartender's recommendation and he poured me a 1/2 glass of bourbon.  It was absolutely delicious, but in my trappist beer induced state I couldn't remember what he had poured. :(  The beer cellar, while freezing, was equally as impressive and the tour was just as interesting.  They had some Wesvleteren XII (beer aficionados will know what I'm talking about) and if I had the $50 per bottle they were asking for, I would've ordered one.  Good thing I already had the Wesvleteren XII when it came out in December!I'd definitely go again. And again. And again. I had a great time.I only gave it 4 stars because the food was just meh.  We had the sad sad nachos. I wouldn't recommend ordering any food while here.  I know it's a bar, but still, the food was sub par even for bar food.
2	Maybe it was the fact that there were only 6 other patrons, no music and a smell of paprika in the air (or maybe it was curry?), but I was very disappointed to say the least (the bartender said the smell was maple?- oh how my nose deceived me). Maple? Are you cooking pancakes or serving beer? Anyway, ...Was here on a Sunday night before a holiday, thinking people should be out bar hopping (pun intended), however, 6 patrons? All watching Family Guy on a big screen and several other smaller TV's (which Family Guy is a plus in my book), but it was boring here! After reading all the great reviews, I thought I found my go to, off the Vegas strip place. Meh, not so much ... 1000 beers? Um. "Excuse me bartender, may I please see the list of all of the available beers?" I flip through the pages of beers from Belgium, America, China, etc, etc, but can't help but wonder where all of the beers were hiding? All I saw were like 7-10 on tap and other regular stuff in a freezer (???really!???). I should just go to the liquor store next door. I asked about the upstairs whisky room. "It's only available for special events" (as he slammed a biz card in front of me). Don't you know I'm from out of town?? Damn, I thought this was a special event, considering there is no one else in this place. Don't you want to serve/sell me some drank??! Uhhhh.... I know now why they call it the Freakin Frog Bar because I hopped my ass on right outta there like those before me.
4	This place is definately worth a trip if you are a beer enthusiast in Vegas and you hate the strip. The bar is a beer nerds dream. I found that because Lake Huron doesn't taste so good after treking 2,000 miles. Dank breweries don't exactly spring up in Nevada. It is half impossible to find good beer in sin city. Fortunately the good people of Freaking Frog have stocked a cooler for weary travelers and locals alike.  Unfortunately this amazing selection of beer is completely lost to the fact that the bartender has to walk you into the cooler and watch you pick out your selection. There is no leeway for the unexperienced. They say it's to hard to keep track of so many beers. Bullshit. The bottles are grossly over priced, but the bar is set high on quality and I was on vacation. As far as the Whiskey Attic- HFS. I am a huge drunk and love whiskey. The bartender was kind enough to take us up there and pour a jigger or two. Really cool room that was comfortable like an old pair of sneakers. The food here is terrible and if you come out make sure to eat first. Nothing worse than loosing your game to belly full of whiskey without food. All in all a really good experience and I might find myself here again some day.
3	Excellent beers, horrendous food.  Drink heavily before you eat.
4	I really like this place.Ok, so I'm not a big beer fan but if I was this would probably be my favorite bar. They have every beer you can imagine and the "beertenders" really know their stuff. The proximity of FF to UNLV makes it an obvious college hangout, but overall the vibe is welcoming to all ages. I can't stress enough how knowledgable the staff was - not just about beer, but the city, and life in general.... lol.My husband spent 2 hours upstairs in the Whiskey Attic for a Whiskey tasting and informational course while I hung out and waited downstairs. I made a point to tell the beertender (their term for themselves :) that I wasn't a beer fan, but after a couple of questions, he managed to pour me some beers that I found delicious.We were having dinner elsewhere but I was starving and decided to order an appetizer. I chose "crack n' cheese" - the cleverly worded fried mac & cheese triangles. They were awesome!Overall the service was awesome. I really enjoyed the staff and the vibe. With all the bar choices in town, I think it comes down to price and service. While it's not a "cheap cheap bar" the atmosphere and service are truly top notchI am definitely coming back. If you are in the area it's definitely worth a drink or two... or three or four.
5	The best place to find good beers I have found in Vegas yet. Has not been crowded either time I have been there. Just walked in and bellied up to the bar. Decent tap list, excellent bottle selection. This is a must on our annual Vegas trip.
4	This place would seriously be an easy 5 stars if they would love the Senor Frogs college looking logo and do a little work on the inside. 1) the Whiskey Attic is amazing... selection, atmosphere, tastings... Perfect 2) the walk in fridge is legit, some of the beers are a little marked up but at least you can get some rare beers there 3) the food is below average college bars... the bartenders are working a grill behind the bar and when a regular tells me the "chili is the best thing they have"... no bueno.... 4) the dark, rundown bar area is creepy. A little work with the collection of taps could make this place a historic landmark in Vegas. But all in all its the beer and whiskey why you come out... not the atmosphere. Hopefully they change the bottom floor to match the Whiskey Attic and then this place would be off the hook. Bottom line I will still stop here for the booze. Cheers
5	I love this place because you can drink in a bar that is NOT full of smoke. It's awesome actually. They have so many great beers and their whiskey attic is insane. Staff is really nice and attentive.
5	The Freakin' Frog is great! It is a nice size and has great food and a great selection of drinks. My favorite is their Cider on Tap. I love being able to go into a bar and feel welcome by the staff. The first time I went here I was greeted by the bartender with a hug! Now that is something you just don't forget!
4	The last time I was in town, I dropped by the Frog to check out their beer selection.  I came right before lunch when they weren't too busy and the guys over there were very welcoming and invited me to check out their beer fridge which had the huge selection of bottled beer for sale.  After perusing through the selection discussing what I drank from what region, they gave me couple recommendations.  I ultimately chose the Grand Teton Brewing Co Black Cauldron Imperial Stout, a brew from the Salt Lake City region.  Who knew that Utah had a booming beer producing reputation?They have a handful of beers on tap there.  Unlike the Yardhouse, they do quality over quantity which is much appreciated.  I started with the Firehouse Amber Ale, a SoCal selection.  It's a pretty chill and comfortable drinking experience.  This place isn't super fancy or new like any of the newer gastropub restaurants being built in the other parts of the city. This is the library of beer, considering that it's so close to UNLV.  If one wants to come here to learn, experience, and taste something new, then this is the place to go.
4	I took my boyfriend here who is a beer lover. After reading reviews I know it was a must. Josh, our beer tender, was fantastic. He took us to the back cooler to pick out or beers all three times. He was very knowledgable and also added a personal touch of what he likes. I loved all his suggestions! We felt right at home watching the hockey game and relaxing. I would have given a 5th star but as soon as Josh left another beer tender took over and service was horrible. We were 2 out of four people in the bar and trust all 4 of us felt the same way. Sad after such. Great day. Good thing we closed out and tipped Josh. Great beer selection! Definitely recommend to go in the early afternoon for Josh.
5	I had no idea a bar like this existed in Vegas. I walked into the Freakin' Frog and was completely surprised by what I found. They have an AMAZING selection of beers a whiskeys. If you want a GOOD beer that you've never tried before this is the place to go. I've expanded my tastes here and would recommend this bar to beer lovers everywhere.Also, the bartenders are extremely friendly and nice. The crack n' cheese is awesome and so are the cheese fries.If you're reading this and you're trying to decide if you want to go or not... Go.
5	What can I say about The Frog?This bar/whiskey attic has been our St. Patrick's Day home for the last 5 years (minus one year, when we were out of town)My best friend in the world's birthday is on St. Patrick's Day.  So every year, we spend THE DAY (from 10:30/11am-2-3am the next day, or until we pass out) at the Frog.We start our morning in the bar, usually selecting one of the draft beers, before touring the beer freezer, and selecting something new to try.We eat ALL day, fries, "chips and cheese" (usually specially made for us),  sandwiches, chicken tenders...you name it.  the food is standard pub fare.  Its not gourmet, but its good...especially when you've been drinking ALL DAY.  More beer. Games.  (cards, etc.)Then, when Adam, the owner gets in, we head upstairs.  Sometimes its pretty early in the morning, sometimes its not till 5 or 6 in the evening.  But we head up and start on the Scotch.  We hang out and buy birthday samples for each other, and for the birthday boy, and taste all the awesome expensive scotches that we can't usually afford during the rest of the year. Its a great bar for St. Patty's. I've also gone to one of the special events this year, Robbie Burns night.This night was absolutely out of this world. $25 entry. Scotch tastings (anything other than what was provided was extra $$), poetry of Robbie Burns...and a haggis tasting.Adam brought in a chef to prepare haggis in 5 different ways, all of which were WONDERFUL.  I was nervous about eating it, but it was excellent. If you ever have the opportunity to come to a special event, or even if you just want to stop in for some delicous beer during the week, the staff at The Freakin Frog will make your visit memorable, and awesome.
3	JD is awesome,  he picked  the perfect beer for us. This is a very interesting place.  I guess it's geared towards the college kids.  We got greeted when we first walked in, by a young girl.  She was nice, but seemed like she wasn't sure what she was doing.  We asked her about the bigger selection of beer, and she brought us this huge book.  Nice selection, but it would be nice if it was organized for different beers.  We like Double bocks and lagers. There scattered all over the book!  So it took use at least 45 min to look through the book.  We asked her for a beer.  She came back and said they didn't have it!  We were ready to bounce!  So then JD to the rescue!  He came to us and asked if we were looking for a good Double bock.  We said yes, brought us back something.  We only ordered 1 because it was in a bottle.  It was soooooooooooooo good!  So I ordered one.  The he asked us if we went to the cooler?  huh?  So he told us to follow him.  We went into the big frig.  There was so much beer in there I felt like I was in heaven....but I hate cold, so I had to turn around and leave.  My hubby came back with another bottle of beer he thought we would like.  So we opened it, and just the smell, I had a feeling I wasn't going to like it.  It had like a coffee smell, and taste, ugggggg, nahhhhhhhhh I don't like it, and neither did my husband.  And they didn't charge u s for it.  So for the beer, ok I'm down, but to eat there is a different story.  I watch people if I can.  This place, the girl that served the drinks also cooked the food.  I didn't see her wash her hands after she messed with the register.  I'm not down with that.  I will pass on the food.
5	I read my poems here with Joe Pachinko and a few other special fuckers in 2006. It was cool back then. It's probably still cool. I'm giving it five shiny retro stars for being so damn cool in 2006. I sold five copies of my poetry books and made $50. Woohoo, babies!
4	I have been coming here for a couple of years. I should of written a review a long time ago about this great Las Vegas Dive Bar. First of all, the beer selection is phenomenal. It is very impressive. The staff is very knowledgable and extremely friendly. Chad, JD, Josh, and Ali will make you feel nice and comfortable. The "bar food" is great. If I had any complaints it would be some of the live entertainment. I  am not into poetry/spoken word or smooth jazz. That is just my personal opinion. Other than that, it is a great place to hang out and have some of the world's best craft beer. You should definitely check out "The Frog" the next time you are in the area.
3	Great beer selection, great whiskey room upstairs. If I was just basing off that it would have been a little higher of a review. Problem was the annoying little know it all bartender. Who spent 45 minutes talking about himself, while making his lettuce juice at the bar talking about how its so good for you and on and on as we are trying to relax after a flight and long day with a beer and Irish nachos. Yes please make your paying patrons feel guilty about the food they are eating at your establishment. We left after one drink still hungry because neither of us could any longer handle listening to him talk about himself, his juice, his extensive knowledge of every thing.
5	Awesome beer selection. Like, amazing.They have about 10 different beers on tap, which are usually rotating, except that they always have Delirium Tremens (which I love). That's pretty good already, but then they have this crazy huge walk-in cooler with I'd estimate 500 beers in there and many of them are pretty damn rare. You can buy anything out of the cooler to drink at the bar or to take home.Prices are a little higher than I'd prefer, but there are so few beer places in town, you just have to accept it.It's right across the street from UNLV, so you'd think it would kind of have a college-y vibe/crowd, but it's usually older. Probably because college students can't afford the beer they sell here. Oh and also because nobody lives at UNLV.The atmosphere is not that exciting, considering there's usually only a couple groups inside, including nights when mediocre live music is being played extremely loudly. (side note: I don't care how mediocre it is, I love live music).
5	Came in here with some friends while our cars were getting washed across the street. The owner actually let us pick our own beers out of the cooler. It was my Birthday and I found an awesome beer called Birthday Suit lol. And I splurged on a Game of Thrones Beer. He was happy to explain what was an IPA or an Amber or whatever. But it's just fun to see and drink exotic beers whatever they are haha! Really good time. Support cool local businesses.
4	Ask the bartender for a tour of the beer freezer then prepare to be stunned in amazement! I've never seen such a large selection of "eclectic" beers before! Some of these beer bottles were huge and can cost as much as $36+ per!!! My friends all enjoyed the beer selection that they chose. It is dark and the music can be very loud so forget about talking. However, if you're a beer or whiskey lover, you need to visit this bar at least once.
5	Caught wind of this place completely by chance, watching Bar Rescue and Taffer had the owner of the Frog as one of his experts and they mentioned that he owned a bar with over 1,000 beers in Vegas.  I was heading to Vegas a couple weeks after I saw that episode and knew I had to go!When we left the strip I had to give the cabbie directions to where we were going, he knew the address, but couldn't figure out why the hell we were going there, lol.  When we got out of the cab my wife gave me that "are you SURE this is the right place?" look, but I had done my homework and knew we were in for a treat.Once you're inside, it's still a bit of a dive bar, but looks much better than the exterior would lead you to believe.  The 2 guys working the bar that night were great, if I hadn't had so many of their offerings there's a chance I'd remember their names.  We looked through the book a bit, looked at their taps, and they could tell that we wanted to see the cooler so they took us back.  O. M. G.  Beer nerd heaven.  I spent a good half hour looking through almost every bottle in the fridge.  The bartender and my wife both abandoned me in there with the promise that I wouldn't drink it all.  There were a ton of great choices in there, picking just a couple for the evening would be tough.  A lot of vintage beers in there as well, some offerings going back 10 years and costing close to $100.  As tempting as that was, I settled for some newer stuff, a Stone Vertical Epic 10.10.10 for myself and a Goose Island Pepe Nero for my wife.  Neither was cheap, but given what they have available, I was perfectly okay with the prices.After we finished off our bombers and tried a few other things from the tap we started to get hungry.  We were looking at the food menu and one of the bartenders mentioned the THC Sandwich.  The Frog wasn't our first bar stop that night (Oktoberfest at HofbrauHaus started us off) so again I don't remember all the details, but it was a sandwich with peanut butter, bacon, Frosted Flakes, maybe some sausage, and maybe some other stuff.  Best drunk food ever.  A word to the wise though if you venture here from the strip, plan ahead for your cab.  It's a long walk back to the strip.  For some alcohol induced reason we didn't use our cell phones to call a cab, but started walking back to the strip.  Luckily we found a cabbie in a Del Taco parking lot that took us back.  His first question "you guys aren't from around here, are ya?"  The Frog is one of the small handful of places I will certainly be visiting everytime I'm in Vegas.
2	Yeah the beer selection is ok. We ordered corn dogs. They came cold. We told the waitress they were cold so they microwaved the corn dogs and brought us the SAME ONES back. With the bites we still took out of them. All the chairs and tables are in poor condition. It just looks gross. I would not come back here.
2	To be fair, nowhere in Vegas had that great of a beer selection. The "over 1200" beers are in bottles for purchase, but the draft beer list was only about 10 options. We asked for a list of the bottles and our bartender said they didn't have one. Rather than have customers look at a list, this place has you go inside a giant freezer to look at/pick beers, which you're not allowed to touch (the bartender had to grab them). After we picked a few beers, the bartender had to look up the prices... on a list... Why this place doesn't just give you the list to look at/make your selections is beyond me.The food was pretty meh, burgers and other bar food cooked on the gross dirty kitchen equipment in front of you. Our bartender was too busy talking to her friend to get us a second round of beers (we were the only other people in the place) so we left after the first round.
1	We were looking for a pub in Vegas off strip and saw the "Freakin Frog".  Reviews sounded pretty good, so drove on over in the early afternoon.  The outside had Becca saying "Well - it'll be great or horrible - either way it will be a story!"  We pushed open into a dark dive bar scene - interior wasn't bad, just "well used".  Sat down at a booth and our bartender/waitress wandered over....eventually.  In her defense there were two other people in the place.  She gave us menus and asked for our drink order.  Double Kettle rocks for both.  No Kettle.  Fine.  What do you have?  She'll check......."A polish brand and Ciroc."  Umm Okay - we'll try a Polish on the rocks.  "You just want one to share?" (really???) Nope we'll each take one.  We check out the menu...which is pretty uninspired.  Our drinks come with our depressed server, she takes our order.  Appetizer - Freakishly Fresh jalapeno Poppers, The OMG BLT (Becca - "no one can mess up a BLT." (foreshadowing) and I will have the Western Bacon Burger (because I was uninspired).  We try the Vodka - it's good, but I probably would have gone with a Whiskey if suggested.  The Food....it takes a long time...the Poppers show up.  They are fresh, but they are jalapenos sliced in half with Kraft shredded jack and cheddar cheese thrown on top and heated up.  Barely heated up.  We try...We laugh...we ignore the plastic plate...we stop eating them.  Waitress returns after being flagged - two doubles on the rocks (this has to help the experience).  She returns with drinks and eventually (a really long time) with food.  The OMG BLT ($12 btw) has at least nine pieces of maple bacon, sliced up tomatoes, the smallest piece of lettuce ever (2 inch by 4 inch - 1 piece), not toasted, no mayo and no side.  Who can mess up a BLT??? The Freakin Frog!  Me thinks it should be renamed the "OMFG you gotta be kiddin' me BLT".  I ask for Silverware to cut up my burger.  Response: "Like a knife and Fork?"  Yes..... I got a plastic knife and fork which matches my plastic plate.  Becca can not finish her OMFG BLT.  I finish my burger - it was a burger.  Our unengaged server did not comment on the uneaten food, ask how it was or return often to provide any service.  Not sure if she was trying on the "disaffected too cool hipster attitude" or just too depressed to assist.  Bill time - Four drinks (Two were doubles), App., BLT, Burger and the total is........$85.00.  Yeah...ummm..really?   In SoCal - this meal probably costs $45.Bottom Line - By reviews below it sounds like a fun place to see a band, have a drink or two and then run before hunger hits.  You do not want to eat here...Becca - you were right - it was a story...and we only had to give up a Benjamin to live it.
3	I've frequented this place since my first Vegas trip in 2008. I love the selection and low key vibe. The In and Out across the street is awesome too. I've had Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA and plenty of other rare and hard to find beers. This past trip the mgr JD tried to charge my friend $46 for a Rogue XS Imperial IPA that retails for $4.99. He had a bad attitude and is pretty arrogant. Besides that I love the place and our waitress was very nice and helpful. If they dropped JD I'd give this place 5 stars, until that happens it's a 3.
5	Upstairs has the best whisk(e)y selection you could ever imagine. World class. Downstairs same but beer. Guy behind the bar grills up wicked bar grub. Bartenders are good conversation. Some nights they have a movie playing. Never know what's up there, but it's a legend in my book.
5	"Frog?"- "Yep."This is a frequent conversation between me and my best friend, Steve. If you are a regular at this bar, you've probably seen us once or twice. It has an amazing beer selection, great service, and some extremely knowledgeable bartenders who have a surprising power to recommend beers that you'll love. Much like the Whisky Attic upstairs, since I started coming to the Frog my beer palate has been greatly expanded, and I have the expertise of the staff to thank for that.You'll be amazed by the quick tour of the cooler, which houses one of the largest collections of different beers in the world, last time I checked boasting over 1,400 different labels. If you love beer, this place absolutely must be included on your list of places to have a pint before you die.You'll always find good AND affordable beers on draft. And if you want to, you'll find some expensive but outrageously good beers in the cooler. You don't need to break the bank to come here at all. But if you want to treat yourself to expensive, delicious, hard-to-find beers, you can.
3	We ended up here just for shits and giggles because I wanted to go barhopping my last night in town.We arrived too late for the music, and it was dead as a doornail at 2am on a Saturday except for two girls at the bar.  (The one with the cool name happened to be kinda cute.)  I did have the kinda cute chick just about talked into taking us up to Fremont Street or wherever, but her BUFF nixed that idea.  Oh well.Anyway, my new Israeli Muslim friend recommended the Almaza which is a Lebanese Pilsner which was the highlight of the visit.  They do have quite the selection and apparently have an upstairs, but this ended up being a "Two and Through" stop.  It kinda reminded me of a high class Bottle Factory from the old days back home.Kudos to the bartender for recommending we head to Cheers.  It was definitely more exciting there!
2	major let down for the hype that I had hoped for. overall tap selection was weak.. I hear they have an awesome bottle selection of over 1000, too bad they can not accommodate that section between peak hours of 9pm-4am. was stoked on the well hyped whiskey selection, didn't know you had to schedule an appointment though, wasn't upset about that when I saw the downstairs bar had pappy van winkle, until the bartender working had no idea what that was!! didn't even know that was possible as a bartender.. didn't even attempt to sell me on the most expensive whiskey on the menu, which is a super under poor by the way.. not even a full 1 1/2oz for $75? nonsense I tell you. jazz band was great..
2	This places is ok. It's right by UNLV, in a boarded up building, no windows so no natural light. It's also a one man show. The bartender makes the bar food, serves the food, pours the drafts and does the tours of the cellar. This means if you want to actually ask questions about the beer your not going to get much dialogue since he's just too busy right now...and for the rest of the night. They have a great beer selection for pretty much any taste but I thought it was really overpriced. We paid 20 dollars for two beers. They were good, but I can also buy them for under 3.5 at Total Wine and More and get the same level of service. What I mean to say is frogs didn't cultivate the experience of going out so what's the point of paying more? I'll just buy and pour it myself.
5	Oh my god . . . I died and went to heaven . . . okay not heaven . . . the whiskey attic . . . over 1400 different kinds of whiskey.The bar itself was a little bright for my liking . . . but the tap beer selection was great . . . and did I mention the whiskey attic . . . oh yeah, I did.  The bar food was typical . . . but made right in front of you . . . and did I mention the whiskey attic . . . oh yeah, I did.Definitely on the "I'll be Back List" . . . and did I mention the whiskey attic . . . oh yeah, I did.
5	Wow! The beer selection is amazing!  This place is near UNLV and definitely has a college vibe to it.  I am a few years past my college years (cough...cough... 2 decades...cough...cough...).  However, this was still a really great place to experience.I've lived in Vegas about 10 years now and kept reading reviews about the place.  After visiting I will definitely be taking friends over to it. Taps and kegs everywhere!  You name it, they got it.  They even have a whiskey room I look forward to checking out (the beer was enough for me). Service was great and the crowd was an awesome mix of nostalgic old people and college students.  What a great break from the glitzy and overpriced bars on the strip!  Check it out if you love beer or whiskey.
2	This is one of the bars that I had on my bookmarks for Las Vegas on Yelp for a while.  I think I probably bookmarked it when I was looking for craft cocktails and whiskey bars, but I didn't refresh myself with the reviews before going there.  So, all I really knew was that they were supposed to have like a thousand beers.  Imagine my surprise when we arrived to find like 9 beers on tap.  There were a handful of people in there and a couple of people behind the bar.  We were perusing the drink menu and asked what IPAs they had and were told they didn't have any at that time.  So we looked at the taps and selected our beers from the small selection and then sat at a table.  We also ordered some snacks, some fries with cheese on top and some chicken strips.I noted that there is what they call a Whiskey Attic, but it seemed closed and I later figured out that to go there, you have to make an appointment in advance.While awaiting our food, I started checking the Yelp reviews to refresh myself why I thought this would be a fun place to go.and that is when I realized that they do have 1000 beers, but that they are bottled beers in a cooler, so when my potatoes showed up  I asked about that and was told, "oh, you want to go in the cooler?"  Um, perhaps when asking for IPAs, someone might have mentioned that you have a ton of them in the cooler in bottles?  WEIRD!  Also, our chicken never showed up so we just ate the fries.  We did go in the cooler with one of the servers who seemed to actually know what was going on and he recommended an IPA for us from a local brewer, which we shared.Overall, this place is weird.  I just don't find it very good service to fail to mention that you have bottled beers somewhere else when someone is asking for a style you don't have on tap or even AT ALL IN GENERAL!  It's also kind of pricey.Doubt I'll ever go back.
5	Love the Freakin' Frog. Massive selection of craft brews on site and a big variety on draft. Adam and his staff are very knowledgeable and can make great recommendations based on what you like. Went here with a group of 3 other couples. The ladies weren't beer drinkers, so Adam hooked them up with Framboises and Lambics. I tried a couple of Cali & Oregon IPAs they had on tap. He brought out samples of Freakin' Lightning (white whiskey) for us to sample. Very cool. You don't come here for the food, but the food we ordered was excellent -- Plate O'Bacon, giant tray of nachos, all good stuff. I'll be back next time we're in town.
3	It pains me not to give Freakin' Frog five stars; it has such great potential, but unfortunately Friday and Saturday nights are a complete shitshow. On our first visit we came in for the Whisky Attic. I recommend a tasting, it is a great experience. Pricey, but it's fun and educational to sample fine whisk(e)y from all over the world. The bar was dead; despite a band playing, although, they weren't very good.  We couldn't see the beer cooler, because only one bartender was working. We asked for ten different beers and were told they didn't have one of them. Later, we learned they did in fact have half of those requested, the bartender just didn't know what he was talking about. Staff should be well informed and if you have a list of drafts, you should have all in ready supply. If not, what's the point of the list?Our second visit started off better, there was a waitress who offered to take us in the beer cooler. Now, that was awesome! She was slow to check back, but she did after the first couple rounds. Then, she disappeared and we were back with the bartender that is unfamiliar with the beers they carry. Service is non-existent. It was dead, maybe six in the whole bar? So, there's no excuse.They offer a great selection, that is, if you can point to exactly what you want. But come with a great deal of patience.
1	GM is an egotistical D-Bag. Unfortunately, he does not have the beer/whiskey knowledge to back it up. He lacked knowledge of his own product! When confronted about the poor knowledge/service of his staff, he sheepishly admitted to hiring drunks from his own bar to man this sinking ship. Good move. It is an exceptional idea to have such an amazing selection of beer and whiskey. It is, however, bad form to staff your establishment with morons. If the owner corrects, well worth a visit.
5	So we were in Sin City for a few days and one member of our team thought this would be a great place to check out because of the fact it was close to UNLV and the chance that there would be plenty of drunken coeds. We got here on a Monday night an hour or so before midnight and that turned out to not be the case at all - I guess they all had exams to study for. It was just us, the bartenders, and a handful of what looked to be regulars. The bar itself turned out to be so awesome that even our buddy forgot all about the real reason he chose this place to try out. For one, this place has the 3rd largest selection of Whiskeys in the world. The other 2 being in Amsterdam and somewhere in Scotland. They also have a huge walk-in fridge with beer selections from around the world. We didn't even make it past the Belgian shelf and all ended up with Piraats. Last time I saw something cool like that was at Hi-Time Wine Cellars in Costa Mesa. We also got a walking tour of the Whiskey Attic. That place was amazing - Whiskey from around the world - hundreds of bottles and they still have more bottles in an adjacent room yet to be sorted before they can be shelved. LOL. Bartender was an amazing guy. He knew all about different types of alcohol and to hear him talk you would think he was some old butler or alcohol industry veteran. The guy is only 23. LOL. One member of our crew wanted to try Absinthe badly for some reason so the bartender put one together - 4 parts water to 1 part absinthe and some sugar - but without all the sugarcube dripping green fairy ritual hocus pocus. Tasted pretty good actually. Definitely worthy of a return visit. It's east of the Strip - on S. Maryland Parkway between Flamingo and Tropicana in a strip mall on the east side of the road just a few blocks north of Tropicana. Lots of parking at night. Not sure about daytime. They have one of those TouchTunes jukeboxes for those of you into that sort of thing. Very cool place.
3	The beer is great and when we actually had service, it was good... that being said, it was painful to order. No one was around and they were out of quite a few beers that we requested. There was one guy there and he was breaking a sweat to serve all the people while the manager was absent. When the manager finally made an appearance, I never saw him without him being on his phone or texting. Maybe if properly staffed or with the right management, this place would get five stars because everything else about this place is great! There is just more they could do with guest service.
5	12 slice BLT! The bar tender/ waiter/ cook and beer guide, Adam F was personable and professional as he wore all hats. Great employee!
5	Josh is the man!!  He has a great knowledge of the beers in stock and he is a great bar tender.  Five stars for my man!!! The owner seems a little stuffy, but is good about being fair and accommodating. A +++++
2	I'll start with the good.  Nice beer selection, always getting in new stuff.  Tons to choose from in the beer cooler.  Josh and Chris are awesome.Now with the bad.This place is right across from UNLV so you'd think it would have a college vibe.  Not at all.  This is not a college bar.  It is rarely busy.  It is pricey and the food isn't very good.Their GM JD is an ass.  At first I thought he was just socially awkward.  I asked about the parking lot that was all tore up and what was going to be built there.  He seemed to get offended for whatever reason.  Then I asked if they sell a lot of the freakin lightning (the owner's whiskey).  He got very defensive. I told him I didn't really care for it.  The guy basically called me a pussy and had a 'weak palate' for not liking this whiskey.  I then saw him go to the other side of the bar and talk shit about me.  The guy is an idiot and this isn't his first bad review on this site.  "the GM is a total doosh" is a quote from another review and I couldn't agree more.  I wish I could call this my neighborhood bar.  If it wasn't for Josh and Chris this place would get 1 star.  If I go back and they aren't working, I'll just go across the street to stakeout.
5	This is an awesome place to come and hang out - thoroughly enjoyed the many times I have been here - great service, great selection of alcoholic beverages and cool atmosphere! Cheers!
5	Excellent breeder selection and checkout the whisky attic upstairs. .u have to rsvp for a rating but 1800 whiskies n 1200 beers there is something for everyone. . The owners are passionate and super friendly
5	This is absolutely the best place to be if you are a craft beer lover. This is heaven if you love great beer. I didn't see the whiskey room or have any food here. Most of the beer is bottled in a giant cooler but there are a few excellent beers on tap.
1	Service here was absolutely horrible. It wasn't too busy and a few friends and I came in to get some drinks and have a bite to eat last night, At the bar, the bartender/server told us to have a seat and he would bring us menus to order food and beer. We ordered our first round from the bar since he said he was a little backed up, but it took 20 minutes for drinks. There were only 15 people in the bar... So we then went up and asked if we could order food from him, he said he would bring full menus to is, as we had to look at the menus on our phone to have any idea what to order. We waited, and waited. Menus never came, even when the bartender came back to the table multiple times and we reminded him about said menus. We just decided to pay for our round and leave. Which still took a long time. I understand being busy, but with no apologies made on a relatively not busy night was not acceptable.
5	Ever since my favorite bar got rid of the beer taps i've been searching for a place to get a nice beer. I greatly detest carbonated water with a slight subtle lager aftertaste (ie American light beer). Went here for the first time and was absolutely amazed at what's been hidden to me for oh so long. I would love to describe exactly how i felt looking at the section on tap as well as what's in the walk-in but sadly i'm not a poet.Staff is super awesome. When i first stepped in i was escorting some guests from out of country who happened to find this place and made an appointment for the whiskey tasting. I was not judged for what i was wearing (wearing work uniform, what is it? not telling, leather chaps? maybe g-string? perhaps...again NOT TELLING) and was offered a tour of the place to include the walk in. I threw a few questions to essentially test the waters to see if the staff had a passion for beers. Every single question i had about a beer or a flavor profile i was looking for was answered. If they didnt have it they recommended something similar. If they didn't have it at all (shandys) they went to double check, apologized for not having it, and suggested something else. Overall this is an amazing place that caters to a more enlightened alcoholic that appeals to me greatly. Added plus of being close to the college but without the college fireball and beer pong nonsense. Get your key stone light elsewhere kids!
5	This is one of my favorite bars in town, and not because I can go drinking right after class at UNLV (although it is definitely a bonus). Not only do they have an amazing selection of craft beers on tap, they have a bottle room with more beers than you can imagine. Not only do they have a great selection of beers, but their house lightning whiskey is amazing. 88 proof and it goes down like water. Last time I went I tried a black bean burger, and it was excellent. I also have to mention that the bartender Chris is very friendly as well as knowledgeable about beers. He's definitely an added bonus to the dining/drinking experience to The Frog. Cheers!!
4	Well, you better get in there TONIGHT, Halloween is the last night Freakin' Frog will be open.. so sad to hear and it is true! Tearing down that strip mall.. Great place for live music and beer! Hope they reopen soon!
4	I think this a cool bar, although, i think they moved the location to somewhere else.
3	I've been to the Frog a couple times, and if I'd written my review after the first visit, it would have been 5 stars. Alas, that would not be an accurate representation of this bar. First off, the tap list in the beginning of September (remember, it was still hitting 100+ degrees on the regular) was filled with heavy winter lagers and stouts. There was some variety besides that, but not much. Also, the IPA they did have on tap from Reno or wherever, was just not good at all. I had heard that they had a 1000+ beer freezer. After venturing into it on an afternoon with one of the employees, my mind was blown. Being from California it was nice seeing so many great CA beers. Overall, my first experience was great. The guy bartending (Chris, I think?) was incredibly nice and knowledgeable. Hence, why I returned later. I had thought that I found my go-to bar in Vegas.Upon subsequent visits I asked to grab a beer from the freezer. I was told more than once that I could not go back there because they only had one person working. What. What the hell am I going to do? Stuff a bunch of bombers into my pockets and run out with them? The employee could have easily led me to the freezer, stood outside with his eyes on the bar, and let me choose whatever beer I wished. Nope. Accommodations could not be made. So, therefore, I was forced to choose from their tap list which never tickled my fancy. If you're going to tout that you have the "most beers in Vegas" or whatever it is their banner says, then customers should be able to choose from the "most beers in Vegas," no matter what time they come in and how many people are working. Ridiculous.During one visit I ordered a burger with some of my friends who did the same. The burger was unimpressive, bordering on burnt, and overpriced. I could have barbecued one better and quicker and for cheaper. Very disappointing given how much I paid. Bottom line: if you like craft beer, and lots of it, and go at the right time, you may be in heaven. During other times, you may get the cold shoulder and forced to choose from a list of nine taps, two of which you may enjoy. I do not like whiskey so I cannot comment on their whiskey attic. Either way, I will always choose Freakin' Frog over places like Crown and Anchor, but that being said, I will always choose The Dive Bar (right down the street) over the Frog seven days a week, despite my love for craft beer and IPAs.
