5	I know Playboy Club has it's own reviews. Moon I also went to for a play date. Coming upstairs to walk into the medley of lights and fiber optics was simply amazing. It was more of an upscale version of Rain. It has a beautiful view of the Vegas Skyline. What got to me was the floors being lit up. The tables are metal with a mirrored finish. It kinda made me feel like a pervert watching girls dance on it...BUT WHO CARES!??? The dance floor is huge and the patio area is just amazing. Moon's roof has a huge video screen kinda like the Fremont St Experience but this roof is supposed to retract. That night it didn't due to the slight sprinkling. Moon also has a second floor with another bar and another patio access. I had a great time there. But this is one of those places you probably want to get a table for. Music was great - laser and light show was pretty off the hook. Sound system very LOUD. What more can you expect from a monster club?
4	For me to give a club, much less a club at the Palms, a four star rating means that its got a lot going for it, believe me.  I ended up here for a private Club Jenna party during AVN and it was definitely an interesting time.  I had an absolute blast.  The most spectacular thing about this club is the view from the patios on both floors.  It boasts unparalleled views from the west looking onto the Strip.  Although it was a chilly night in January, I spent most of the night outside.  Inside, it's definitely a club, but it lacks the obnoxiousness that a lot of places seem to thrive on.  The bars were good sized and well staffed by competent bartenders.  The music was generic top 40 stuff, but what else are you to expect?  It never felt too crowded, and all the different little areas made it feel like a few smaller clubs into one.  And, oh, running into Gene Simmons and Ron Jeremy certainly made it a memorable (and hilarious) evening.  Check it out if you can, even if the Hedgehog isn't going to be there.
4	I went to Vegas for Saint Patty's Day and for a 25th birthday celebration and let me tell you IT WAS OFF THE HOOK! The night started off horrible with standing in a line that was a mile long. Oh and on a side note when did bouncers start to get paid so much. I offered one a hundred dollars to just get me to front of the line and he looked as if i called his mom a bitch.  But I digress.  Once you enter the elevator you know you in for an awesome experience and I was not disappointed. The drinks were strong the women were hot and the view was tight.Make sure you go to the lounge adjacent to the bathrooms to see the hottest bartender I've ever seen.  Ohhhhhhh Tammy or Teri or Tina or .......  Whatever I was hammered.Late
5	This is a bonifide Vegas club!  Moon is located at the top of one of the Palms towers so the views are spectacular from the balcony to the restroom.  Yes, there's a floor-to-ceiling glass in the men's room.  And a urinal right next to it that makes it the one of the most breathtaking p!$$ spots in the world.  The club is also connected to the high-roller Playboy casino lounge where you can celebrity hunt.  The drinks are as stiff as the prices so bring lots of cash and drink heavily before you arrive.  The security staff was very courteous and helpful.Just be sure you arrive early, as in right after dinner, otherwise, you'll be spending a lot of time in line downstairs and you might not get in at all.  Once you're in, you're in.  Vegas Style, Baby!
5	Fabulous club.I loved my night at Moon.We did bottle service/VIP here and it was well worth the cost.  Well, okay - so we did bottle service for the boys, and for the girls - we got ourselves in but it took all of 15 seconds.   The management, bouncers and servers/busboys were all FABULOUS.  EXCELLENT service all around, I'd give it 10 stars if i could.   Every single person working at Moon that I had to deal with or talk to on this night was nothing short of stellar, and the treatment they gave us was  first-class all around.  The way they had us enter was straight through the Playboy Lounge, and what I saw of that place, I was not impressed.  Head up the escalators to Moon and then voila - - - your night begins and all of Moon is conducive to having a good time.  We ended up getting a table in a separate VIP lounge area, a good distance away from the dancefloor which made it possible to talk as well as drink in private.  There are booths everywhere - and all of  them were nicely set up and comfortable, well-placed, etc.  But I never like sitting too close to the dancefloor where people are falling into your table, or you can't even hear yourself think, so this was perfect.  When you opt for bottle service at Moon, the service leaves you wanting for nothing, nothing at all!  To make a reservation, there is a form to fill out and you do have to hold with your CC unless they know you.  It was relatively easy, and even those in our party who were late got in without a glitch just by mentioning the name under which I'd made reservations.  Very smooth process.Great music, great crowd, and a gorgeous club, to boot.  The patio area outside was fabulous - - view of the whole city, and lots of perfect photo opps out there.  Take a drink outside and get your groove going, come inside and dance the night away.  I would not have minded having a table outside reserved, and might do that the next time I am in Vegas.Three bottles later - - we were all nicely toasted, and I think everyone could agree that it was a great time.  FYI:  Don't pass out.  If you pass out cold in a drunken stupor - they will ask that you be escorted out.  One of my friends had just this happen to him, and when I came back from dancing - - he was gone.  Hahahaha....I'd go back to Moon at any time without any hesitation.  GREAT club, and perhaps one of the best in Vegas at this time.  GO GO GO!!
5	Awesome club.  Loved it absolutely loved it.  Maybe it was the fact that the bachelorette party I was in tacked on to a really cute set of bachelors at a bachelor party there and had a bottle service and therefore a table and therefore a place to sit but this club was great.  Fabulous music and a great dance floor.  The gogo dancers were awesome (not like some places where you look at the gogo dancer go and you cannot help but think to yourself .. hey I could do a better job)  and the bar tenders were seriously on top of there stuff.  Fabulous.  Great people at this place and girls... the best thing.. the line at the bathroom moved quickly and there was practically no wait.  fantastic.  Oh and another thing for all of you out there.  I totally danced to my hearts content and talked to fantastically cute boys.  (for those who might be getting worried that I was never going to find a date.. yet.. Vegas might not count but still.. I had a great time)...  The Grey goose apple martini was to die for and figi water was what you could buy at the bar.  Check it out for sure if you can.
5	This club was great, so great in fact that I danced so much I thought my feet were going to have to be amputated. The music was fantastic. We were put on some kind of list and immediately sent to the front of the line to be escorted right in. Not sure how that happened but given the line we by-passed, thank you. Plus someone gave us a drink while we waited for the elevator, thank you.
4	Slick club with the most awesome views of the Vegas strip. Moon is quite spacious and the outdoor patio(s) are great for fresh air and breathtaking views. The lines to get into this club are every long ( they start on the ground floor of Palms). I had a VIP pass and was in the club within 5 minutes. I would not come here if I had to wait in line.
4	pretty exclusive club...the line is impossible unless you're very fortunate which we were...our friend had secured a table with bottle service which offered a magnificent view, complete with 2 gorgeous cocktail servers. the music selection was kind of outdated, and the clubgoers were a bit older than us, but we managed to have a smashing time due to the constant flow of grey goose in our veins. beautiful venue. geriatric crowd.
4	At first glance I didn't care for it. Great another boxy nightclub that was overpacked. However one of my clients insists on the place and so I get dragged there time after time and all of the sudden I kinda feel it. The service is tip top for nightclub service. Although tables and bottle service is definitely the way to go I have been there recently (showing out of towners the place on our way to the Playboy) and we actually had a great time there at the bar. Bartenders are actually attentive(very unusual for LV nightclubs) and the door hosts and bouncers are friendly. Maybe because they knew me but I've also witnessed them go out of their way for random tourists which is rare in this town.
4	After a series of elevators and escalators, we were relieved to enter the club.  We were greeted by good music and plenty of flashing lights.  The interior of the club doesn't stand out as anything special.  However, its the outside deck that really made this place for me.  Moon has a large deck that provides an amazing view.  The idea of partying at 3,000 feet in the air inspired me to get even more fucked up.  In addition, the music was great.  Every song was better than the next.  AND, the system out there sounded better than inside the damn club!
4	Best bouncers in town! Let us right in for free for a bachelorette party.  Great view, music and a retractable roof, what more could you want?? Seriously though, it got kind of hot when they opened the roof...it's June!
5	It's places like these that makes me proud to be from here.  On a visit to my hometown, I stepped into this place via my peoples people.  They had nice bouncers, wonderful bartenders, fucking the best music I've ever heard at a club/rave/lounge/store ever, and laxed security.  They even let the girls rotate and go up and dance next to their residential dancers.  Their residential dancers were also better than those at other clubs like PURE.  This venue is definitely smaller than Rain and lacks the pyrotechnic capabilities, but it has a great view of the strip.  Once you get in, you can also visit the Playboy Lounge.  It is a great visit as well.  As always, make sure you are looking fierce to go.  =)  I will definitely come back the next time I'm in town... Sept?  If you have no hookups, just get there early... 10:30 when they open.
4	Moon (located on the top floor of the new Fantasy Tower at the Palms Hotel) is one of the newer clubs in Vegas.  It may not be the hottest, but it's definitely a place where you can easily have a great time.The views from the windows are fantastic, and the outdoor patio is a nice change of pace from the ear-blasting noise inside.  There are a lot of tables spread throughout in case you would prefer table service (i.e. where you reserve a table and have a minimum order - about $400 for 3 ppl).If you choose to go with the bars though, there are plenty spread out, but the fastest are probably in the back near the restrooms - just tip big on your first order, and you'll get express service the rest of the night.Another interesting benefit is that the club is connected to the Playboy Club, which has women in the famous bunny outfits, but also high limit tables (usually starting at $50 or $100).  So you can drink, dance, and gamble - all in the same place.The biggest negative comment I can make is that because this is located at the top of the building, you are forced to take the elevators up and down.  This causes long delays and can be annoying.
3	There are great things about Moon...1. The view is unbeatable2. You can move between the Playboy club and MoonDefiantly do not miss this place, however do not be on a time schedule and be prepared to just relax and take the scenery in. As with all nightclubs in Las Vegas, it is much better if you reserve a table, however this is one place in which not having a table is OK. You can move through the open air dance floor on the top floor, out to the patio, down the stairs to the beautiful Playboy club. So wait to get in, wait for the elevator, wait for drinks at the bar, and then after you have put in your time enjoy the most beautiful view in the inside and out.
5	Went on a Sunday night a few weeks ago and thought it was great! Great mix of hip-hop, top 40, rock n roll etc. Impressive sound system on the outdoor deck. Spacious dancefloor that opens up to the night sky. Great views. Not sure how it would be to reserve a table, but the booths seem like they could hold up to 10 or more guests.
4	Not bad for my first time there.  I guess club reviews are always going to change depending on how your experience went, but it was really fun.  The elevator takes you up to the club.  You can go in between the Playboy Club and Moon.  The Playboy club is also a place where you can gamble if you have the dinero.  Drink prices are like everywhere else.  I bought the first round of 10 drinks for about $99 + tip.  Your average price for any club.  The club's nice, but just a bit small.  12,500 sq ft.  You can look up other clubs and compare that size if you don't have a clue how big/small that is.  There's a nice outside view for people to enjoy.  Nice and packed with a good amount of girls, or maybe it's because there were a lot of girls in our group, and I didn't really notice how many others there were.  Cover was $40.  Good thing I got in for free, or I wouldn't think it's worth it to get in there for that much.  Nice scene.  Music isn't bad at all, but it's all good when you're drinking hehe.
5	I'm not really a big club guy, maybe it's because I'm not a player (or is it playa?  I can never keep track of what the kids say these days)  I hate lines, I hate cover charges, and I hate $12 drinks that should be $6. On this night I didn't have to worry about these things thanks to a friend of a friend of a friend who got us in without waiting and without a cover (we were more than happy to give him a nice tip though)  So we walk past the line and I'm feeling like Wayne and Garth holding up their backstage passes in Wayne's World.We get up to Moon and I'm thinking "Maybe I should change my whole anti-club attitude!" This place was great - awesome music, some outdoor space with amazing views of Vegas and one floor down, the Playboy Club - a casino that features Playboy bunnies as dealers.  Did I mention that I'm also not much of a gambler?  I'm thinking that might be changing as well...
5	Moon is one of my favorite Vegas Clubs.  The vibe and people are great, the views from upstairs on the deck is spectacular, and you've gotta love a place with a retractable roof over the dance floor.  Have not done bottle service, but really no need; very easy to navigate even when we went on a busy Saturday.   Check this place out, you will not be disappointed.
4	Moon is one of the best clubs i've been too. What was great the night i went, when the dj played Kung Foo Fighting, they opened up the roof and ninjas came down and were doing kung foo!! its alwtas great to see a club do little extras. the only set back are the drink prices...sure they're the same price as every other club in vegas, but the glasses arre smallllll
5	Loved Moon! The music was awesome and the crowd was great too. I went with like 14 of my friends and had a blast! We didn't have bottle service but the bouncer was nice enough to let us use an unreserved bottle service area. The only part that got me mad was the leaving part. You know how some clubs you have to try really hard to get IN? Well we practically had to beg them to let us leave! They use an elevator and theres like a hundred people going up and down! It's really annoying but still loved it!
4	A really fun club to end the night on while spending all of Saturday night at one club or another at the Palms. Somehow got VIP passes to all the clubs so getting in was no hassle, and at the time I didn't care what was playing, I loved dancing to everything, haha.
1	I'm not going to rate this for the crowd that it draws since that can change depending on the day of the week.It has a nice rooftop view, but venue decor is not as nice as mix or foundation room.But the main reason for the one star-  we ordered effen raspberry chilled, and the bartender mistakenly (i hope) uses sky vodka, and than adds a little effen raspberry.  When askes about it, she said she knew what she 'knows what she's doing'.  well if she 'knew' what she was doing that's shady, using cheaper vodka and saying it's the better stuff.  And if she made the mistake, why not just own up to it, and at the very least pour new rounds.
3	nice club. playmates on bottom floor. Dance floor and balconay (like rain) on the 2nd. Music was great, women was great, and bottle service was fast. 3 stars because i still had to wait 2 hrs to get in with VIP priviledges. 3 stars because it cost 40 bucks to get in.
4	If I were to rate Moon based on the crowd on the night I went, I would give it 2 stars. But I think that's a little messed up because Vegas clubs, annoyingly, have ever-changing wide-variety crowds so you don't know what you're getting until you've already paid and are standing in the middle of a crowd of people that look nothing like you.I'll give it 4 stars because the layout, the decor, the bartenders, and the view were all bomb. Our bartender poured our drinks perfectly, not too strong and not too light, and the prices seemed pretty typical for Vegas. I really liked that after I opened a tab, he always remembered who I was and I never had to wait too long. We paid $20 to get in after 10pm on Thursday night without waiting in line, and quickly realized that the crowd was much older than us and all white, or at least non-brown and yellow, so it was quickly evident that this wasn't our scene. While we gave the place a couple of hours to get more crowded, it never really got going. The cool thing about Palms is that you can go to their other clubs without paying another cover, so we ended up going to Ghost Bar. But at least we had a really good experience at the bar at Moon, and the bathrooms were really clean and nice. The best part was probably hanging out in the open air area with the amazing view of all of Vegas - even though it was the middle of summer, the height of the building and a cool breeze made for a comfortable place to chill.I'd go back if I knew the crowd was going to be cool. At least you can easily head to Ghost or Rain and come back if necessary.
4	Came on a Sunday night.  I liked the layout, as it has a nice vibe, 2 stories, and a patio that overlooks the strip.  It's on the 53rd floor, so you really get a good view.  Easy to get in and bartenders are good.  Free access to all the other bars and clubs in Palms when you go in.  I think it is 40 bucks, but just go get the free passes from the promotors on the strip.
3	Moon didn't really do much for me, it really could have been any club in any city.  The floor lights up, which is different, but other than that it was fairly generic.  The only reason I could see coming back would if I was at Playboy Club and wanted to dance for some reason.  Otherwise I would spend my time down there.
3	Moon is a big club with a big retractable roof and nice views.  Those two things are about the only things that make Moon any different from other clubs.  The best part about our experience at Moon were the laughable celebrity sightings of the Hilton crew, the Real World crew and the picture with Suge Knight that I will always cherish...West Siiiiiiiide.
4	this place was really pretty, but it was kind of boring when we went on sunday the day of the vmas. so we left (but i just heard, as i was writing this review, there was a huge after party) this was the only place we payed to get into but it was because we didnt want to stand in line, but actually people in the line had to pay  too, but being a girl always helps. it was only 20$, and we got all access to all the clubs @ Palm. The bouncers were all nice. again all i can say for girls is to dress really CUTE!
4	The line to Moon on a Saturday night is ridiculous!  And no one in their right mind should ever want to stand in such a line.  The only way I got up to Moon was through some lucky connections that allowed us to bypass right through all the line.  Yay!After taking the elevator straight up, we walked through the dance floor to dance outside in the great late night Vegas weather and enjoy the fabulous view of the strip.  Of course you have to go outside and appreciate such a view because it is indeed spectacular.  It wasn't as crowded as Tao is on a Saturday night, which works well for me 'cuz I can dance my little heart away while swinging my arms a bit and not worrying about knocking someone out.The floor and interior decorations remind me of a honeycomb and we're just a bunch of bees buzzing around!  The floor plays a lighting game as you may your way around the club.  The deejay played some pretty good music - bouncing from hip hop to house and it kept me moving at least.  You can catch the escalator going down and that will pop you right into the Playboy Club, which is a whole different review in itself.Update! 03/05/08 - Experienced bottle service the past Saturday and had a little section right next to the deejay booth.  They really keep the mixers (fresh OJ, cranberry juice, Coke and Sprite), ice bucket, and glasses replenished the whole time.  Not once did we have to ask them for anything.  And just as I was about to make myself another drink, the cocktail girl would come by and do it for me.  (After I told her my drink the first time, she always remembered.)  There were also two guys that came along checking on things, cleaning up glasses, wiping stuff down, checking the floors, etc.  They are damn good about keeping you happy with your bottle service!  There's plenty of room to dance in your private area too, which is a great plus.  Music was all over the place though, from oldies to head banging stuff.  Nonetheless, I was hanging out for awhile and forgot to even go out to the patio!  Darn!
5	So Moon is a typical night club. It's high up in the air, drinks are really expensive, and there's an element of skank at times. Anyway, the views are great, but it's really jammed inside. Now the reason that this place got 5 stars. As we were waiting downstairs for one of our friends to finish up in the washroom, I was bumped into by someone. That someone? The infamous OJ Simpson! Yes, I saw bumped into the Juice a few hours before he was arrested. I saw him wearing the tux from the wedding. Saw him inebriated and all with his girl friend (didn't look like she was inebriated). Anyway, Moon is on the 53rd floor. Okay, I was impressed with my brush with 'death'.
4	This place was amazing! Great music, open roof, view of the entire strip, plenty of beautiful people. The only downside was the $9 beers and the $20 cover (but you can get into the Playboy Club (boring) and Rain as well), but oh well. It was very worth it. This is a can't miss in vegas.
2	how does this place have such high marks i was not impressed at all. the decor left soooo much to be desired. the playboy club is dazzling and then you take the escalator up stairs and its such a let down. the dj left a lot to be desired as well.
5	Luckily, I have a friend who used to work here so I never have to wait in line when we go here.  But, it's true, no one should ever want to stand in a long line for any club.  It's a waste of good make up, and a waste of energy standing before you get on the dance floor.  It is dress to impress so like any club, you gotta look good if you want anyone to notice you.  As soon as we were let in through the ropes, we were led in an elevator to be taken upstairs.  As soon as the doors opened, there in front of you lies a bar waiting for sobers to get tanked.Our table was off to the right side of the club.  From there we can see the dance floor and people having the time of their life while they're drunk.  It's funny though, they probably won't remember a thing the next day at the rate some of these people were drinking.  I just love the fact the VIP tables are so close to the dance floor that you can still be around the crowd.  The dance floor is great, for some reason I still find room to move my body in motion with the music.  When you look up, you could see the sky twinkling with the stars.  Such a great sight to see.  That's my favorite part of the club until some drunk decides to bump in to you because he could barely keep his eyes open.So, we decide to go outside for some fresh air.  There you could see a spectacular view and the air feels great after being inside where it's hot and sticky.  The chairs are comfortable and great for when your feet hurt from dancing on high heels.  After a few minutes, we decide to go to the bar even though we already have drinks waiting for us at the table.  The service was quick.  We got served immediately after we get to the bar.  Also, the other employees who clean up the floors from spillage, bar backs, and security are all awesome.  They're not shy to dance with you and are so super friendly.  But don't let their kindness fool you.  I've seen them in action and take a guy down to kick him out of the club.Now, if you're bored and want to do some gambling, you can just take an escalator ride to the Playboy Club and win a few hundred dollars or lose a few.  But that's another story in itself.  I'll end it with this.  Make sure you look cute, have enough money to cover for your drinks and food for after you get wasted so you can sober up.
2	I don't know what it is about me and Las Vegas clubs but is it normal to get kicked out for getting drunk? I was under the impression that the reason they had bars was so that people could drink.Anyway, I was a little drunk and lost my phone. After asking the bartender, I was escorted into the side room by four big bouncers who proceeded to lock the door, interrogate me, and after finding my phone, spend a good 10 minutes or so reading my emails and text messages. My female friend was on the other side of the door and they refused to let her in.I was made to sit down and when I tried to get up was pushed back down into the chair. After about 25 minutes I was finally allowed to leave.Also, pay attention guys. If I want to have my leg humped I'll buy a dog. My god, the men at Moon dance like a whole bunch of awesome.
4	In Vegas, all the clubs are pretty much the same to me. They always look pretty when they're new. Moon was no different, but still really fun. Three things that I really enjoyed about Moon: 1) the whitish honey comb pattern on the wall (intriguing, though I'm not sure why), 2) the patios with gorgeous views of the strip and 3) access to the Playboy club downstairs. I'd say it's worth checking out if you don't have to wait in a ridiculously long line.
3	A nice club with a nice view.  :)  Bottle service is worth taking it.
4	I was there on a Thursday night, and had an absolute blast. We had no line, so I guess that makes for a better experience.  It gives you access to the Playboy Club as well, so it makes the world a but more interesting.  I liked the floor, with the various areas lighting up, and the DJ was a touch too ecclectic, but kept the music very danceable and fun. The bar service was quick, but very pricey for the size of the drinks.  The view from the balcony was excellent, and that alone adds a star.  The retractable roof was a huge plus. Just when you think... it's too damn hot in here!  The sky opens up, the hot air escapes, you're starring up into the night sky, and it just takes the party to a whole new level. I'm a fan.
3	Never thought a decent clubbing experience on a Sunday night in this country existed until Moon happened. Even better, $20 for access to both the Playboy Club AND Moon! Great music and no long lines to boot. And who wouldn't want to check out a rooftop dance floor with excellent views of Vegas?My only gripes would be that it's elevator/escalator accessible only. It's also a meat locker, so ladies be careful!
5	N9NE Group, with having already brought us N9NE Steakhouse, Rain, and ghostbar, are back to their triple-threat ways with Nove, Playboy Club, and Moon. Moon is the cream that rose to the top though. With a variety of places you can chill, Moon gives a different experience to everyone there. The lighting and sound is this club is top notch. Moon has two rooms, a main room and house room. Also included, is the two story outdoor deck, with unbelievable views of the Las Vegas skyline. Some of you might be wondering, why the name Moon? In Vegas, we often have very clear nights, no clouds at all. This makes an ideal situation to see the moon at night. Since the innovators at N9NE group picked up on this, they decided to include a retractable roof. Nice work guys! With free entry into the Playboy Club, Moon is one of those rare One Stop Shops.
4	Moon is so pretty! I loved it here :) There is definitely a younger crowd at the clubs in the Palms Hotel, even the people in the casino are much younger than what you would typically find in the bigger casinos on the strip.  I loved the interior and the retractable ceiling was so pretty.  I mean, it's not as nice as Pure or Tao and it wasn't very big but it's definitely a lot easier to maneuver through.  I had a lot more fun here than anywhere else that weekend.  Drinks were good, bartender was hot, and the view was amazing.  I can't wait to go back :)
5	I had the BEST time at Moon this past weekend. They're nice to the ladies, they'll go out of their way to look out for the girls and ask if they want to go inside.You take an elevator up, up, and away to the 53rd floor, where there are breathtaking views of Las Vegas.  Fast bartenders, great drinks, and you can take elevator down into the Playboy bunnies level where they have Playboy themed....EVERYTHING.  A good, fun crowd, bunnies everywhere, hip hop downstairs, weird trance/80s mix upstairs....music COULD be better, but we had a good time nonetheless.Problem is because they only have two elevators getting in and out is tricky and you have to wait forever to LEAVE the club, too, and drunk ppl are not fun to deal with.But I loved it, and will go back next time.  Def better than Rain.
4	The best part about Moon is the outdoor patio, fully equipped with heat lamps to make it comfortable even in December.  The worst part about Moon is the music - a little too hard-core dance music for me.  But overall, it was a positive Vegas club experience.
3	PROS:- Overall great for dancing! The floor is fun & not insanely packed like other popular Vegas discos. You can comfortably get your groove on.- Music was good (few uncomfortable mash-ups) until 2am, when it turned a little too rave; maybe their way of clearing the table.- The view from the outside deck is stunning!- Service was courteous, helpful, & professional.CONS:- There is a high cover but it is Vegas & a popular disco should capitalize while it can.- Not much eye candy getting the green light. They can be more selective with the ladies they allow in - this doesn't apply solely to Moon.TIPS:- Retreat upstairs for a nice break from dancing to overlook the floor.- Hand stamp is valid for entry at all clubs at 2am (Playboy, Ghost Bar, Moon).- Observing a group of middle-age men dancing together to rave music at 2:30am will put a touch of sorrow in your heart; avoid looking directly at said displays for an extended period.
3	we went to moon & playboy club the weekend of new years eve. my first time there and had a pretty good time. it was freezing cold, so we didn't get to stay out in the outdoor patio area much. altho it wasn't crowded out there so it was nice. they have outdoor heaters which really didn't help much especially if youre a short person cuz the heat rises! there are two outdoor patios, the top one is a small little area that hangs over the bottom one. the view is fantastic! the music was just OK. i like more of a pop/hip hop music you can dance to, but this place on a sunday nite, was playing more rave type music. we went got there early to avoid lines but since we bough advanced tix online for $20, we didn't have to wait long at all. sat at the bar in the casino area which was pretty cool.  saw the doodes who owns Sunset Tan (reality show on bravo) and pauly shore. for $20, you can get into all four club/bars at the palms. i dont know anywhere else in vegas where you can find such a great deal! go to their website and it will direct you to the site where you can buy the advance tickets. even though some people said you can get in for free, we didn't take a chance with it being new years eve weekend.
5	Out of the six clubs I've been to in Vegas this one is my favorite. The club is decorated really nicely and the view from the outdoor patio is gorgeous. The music is pretty good and we had a lot of fun dancing the night away. If you need a break from dancing go to the outdoor patio or go downstairs to the Playboy Club, which is basically a casino with Playboy bunnies as dealers. TIP: Get on the guest list and avoid paying cover (as long as your group meets their criteria, which is based on party size and gender) by going to their website, moon-las-vegas.n9negroup.com and clicking on "Moon" at the top, and then "tables/guest list" on the drop down menu.
3	If I were the Professor of Club Class and my students were the many clubs of lascivious Las Vegas, I would give Moon an A for decor and view and quality of go go dancers, B for the bartenders, and D- for music on the weekends. I'm sure they've done the math and determined that it's most lucrative to appeal to the common denominator, so who am I to keep them from pulling in $400,000/night with their top 40s crapski? Sign up on www.napkinnights for free guest list for women and poss a discount for men. One club entry should also get you into Ghostbar and the Playboy Club.
1	This place is a joke.Id rather be at Tao or Pure.The maloofs really know what class is. Britneys classy!hahano thanks.thats all.
4	I had such a blast here, you have to go! Its so awesome that Moon is connected to the Playboy Club. My boyfriend and I hung out at Playboy for about an hour waiting for Moon to open, then we went right up and were totally impressed. The vibe was fun and energetic. The DJ was incredible and we couldn't help but dance the night away. We had so much fun, the drinks were really good too. You cannot beet the view anywhere.
3	I had high expectations going here since it's one of the newer places to go in Vegas...We got hooked up with a pretty sweet table right on the dancefloor. Our host was cool and totally on top of her game. Better be for that price!! 3 bottles of vodka later, we were having a great time. We definitely wouldn't have enjoyed it though if we didn't have a table. The line to get in was easy breezy too. I've had experience at other places that we've gotten table at (ahem, PURE) and been treated like shit and had to wait for 2 hours to get in, even though we paid over $1200! So getting in quickly was a huge plus at Moon. Plus you can get in to the Playboy Club too. But we didn't make it that far... :) Views are awesome from the Palms that high up.The dancefloor was miniscule for a Vegas club and altogether unimpressive. There were not multiple dancefloors or DJs but there were several bar areas, one being outside and quite nice. The roof wasn't open when we were there, except for about 5 minutes later at night (I read somewhere that they open it at 3AM). Since we didn't have to deal with going to the bars I can't judge the prices of drinks nor the bartender's talent. Music was decent; don't remember hating or loving it either way. Only chicks are allowed to dance up on top of the booths. We chose to dance on the benches within our table area, which was a major foot saver from the previous night at Tao. What I find particularly strange is that at Tao and Moon, I was stabbed with pieces of glass in my foot! Coincidence? I don't know? Just really odd that two nights in a row, my foot was bleeding from two different broken glasses on the floor. After all my clubbing/bar days, can't say that's EVER happened. I was impressed at Moon though, how the host took care of me immediately and I was "treated" in the back with all the employees to make sure I was OK. My sister got stabbed with glass in her foot too. Weird.,I've been to better clubs elsewhere so I'd have to say I wouldn't return unless we had a table again. And maybe it'd be nice in the summer when it's warm and the roof is open longer. That's it's main gimmick and sounded like a good idea in general.  Tao offers much more, and I've also had a much better time at my many trips to Tryst...
2	"Hot, crowded sweaty" about sums it up. Oh, I should throw in "Young", also.The line was obscene. It disappeared into the horizon, but luckily we were hotel guests or maybe the doorman was trying to help an Asian sister because next thing we knew, we were inside free of charge and without a wait.The dancefloor is not nearly as big as it should be, although the security is very diligent in making sure fire hazard crowds are avoided, and everybody keeps it moving. The corridors above and around the dancefloor are narrow and easy to miss, so people opt for cutting straight through. This is both ineffective and extremely annoying.I am at an age where I strongly dislike being touched by strangers, double negative points if strangers are sticky to the touch.  I've learned that "hotspot" clubs is NOT where we want to be for my taste!
2	I hate clubbing. I don't know... I think it might have been the day.. but I think this place sucked balls. Straight techno for days. I should have robot danced my way out of the club. Seriously sucked balls... I wanted ot stab myself. Techno is only ok sometimes... you know when you're at a rave or high on E or a fucking idiot, unfortuately I'm none of the above. I can listen to it sometimes... but a whole night... come on.. and how can you dance to it. When they go into the build up everyone serisouly stopped dancing. How can you dance to two beats repeating every three seconds crescendoing for a minute. WETFF this is a club goddamit. Overall the place is pretty nice... mainly cuz of the nice view outside. Expensive drinks and small and crowded. Plus the bouncers weren't very strict about sitting at the VIP which was hella nice. Get your sit on. haha. I like the fact that we got to go thru the playboy club too. Pretty fiiii EYE INE ladies. I think the only good thing about this club is that there was virtually no wait... but I guess thta's cuz this place is so far from the strip and its not as classy. Some ppl were in t shirts and jeans. Real sophisticated. Nice club, but poor music.
4	Killer view, interior, and drinks.  What more do you need? If you get on the VIP list, girls definitely do not have to pay.  Guys still had to fork over money though. My friends and I were on the VIP list, but the really smart person at the door couldn't find us and was being a total dick.  But then one of the managers or something came down  and let us in.  Pretty nice of him. We went there during the Porn Star Convention week, so had crazy dancers and a lot of guys.  It was way too crowded, and make sure you don't get yourself separated, it's almost impossible to find people.  But then that's part of the fun I assume. .
4	Moon is located on the top floor of the Palms-Fantasy Tower and i love this place! Been here twice and both times were totally fun!!Hustle the doorman...work him...and he'll give you a pass so you don't have to pay cover! The elevator that you take at the main Palms casino takes you up to the Playboy Lounge and then you take an escalator up to Moon!They have a retractable roof and it is awesome!! The feeling of rubbing up next some old, sweaty guy is annoying...but last time that happened at Moon, the roof started opening up and ahhh...cool, crisp air just enveloped the crowd and removed that sticky icky feeling away from me!
4	We were in town for the Bar and Nightclub Convention and one of the hot tickets that week was Paul Oakenfold at Moon on Tuesday night.  We met up at the Palms and headed to the elevators to be greeted by an angry mob of people that weren't being let in.  We (all 11 of us) snaked our way to the front and asked for the head doorman.  We showed him the following text message:"Show this message at the door....Grant IMMEDIATE access to this entire group.  They are VIP.  No Wait.  No Cover.  (insert name of sender here)"The doorman rolled his eyes and made some comment under his breath.  "Is there a problem?  Should I call (insert name of sender here) and have him call your boss?"   "No Sir.  No problem.  Right this way."  It felt good to be the asshole who uses his connections and threatens someone's job security for once.Once we got inside here's what I liked:--Large club with multiple bars--Large dancefloor--Incredible sound and lighting system--Roof open so you can see the moon and stars--Two outdoor patios, the one downstairs is quite large and became a second dancefloor--Good looking crowd--Attentive and courteous bar staff--Security kept crowd moving and eased bottlenecks and traffic jams without being complete assholes--Access to the Playboy Club one level belowWhat I didn't like about Moon:--Bathrooms all the way on one side of the club--No seating unless you make reservations and purchase a bottle--High Drink Prices (No higher than any other club in LA, SF, NYC, or Vegas but  come on....do you really need to charge $10 for a soda water after I've already had 4 $13 Ketel Sodas?)
4	I've been to Vegas a numberous amount of times, and Moon hasn't been too bad all the times I've been there.  It's a young crowd, and the dancing is great.PROS:-Good looking crowd-The lighting-Sound systemCONS:-Expensive drinks[but I'm used to them, I lounge around in San Diego usually.-Music can need some improvement...alot of cheezy crazp at times-A glass of champange shouldn't cost $20...if it were Dom, okay, but it wasn't
5	this was our 1st stop the night we went to vegas....thats wat set our mood the whole time we were there, cuz ppl were sooooo nice, this hot guy approached us and said u ladies r with me!...he walked us to moon and we ended up in vip with these guy who were loadedddd...we just had a great night...we felt like celebs,...it was weird/kinda neat lol
4	Definitely had a good first Vegas clubbing experience at Moon. Got in for free which was siiiick, thanks for the hookup Joanne HAHA. I went here with a bunch of my buddies and we just had a good ass time. The music was good, drinks burned holes in my pockets but I didn't care, and the actual club is just gorgeous. Go out on the balcony and have the most money view of Vegas anyone could possibly want. Perfect for taking some time out to chill with that honey you've been dancing with all night, I guarantee some lip action will happen if you work your cards right haha. The only two knocks I have against Moon is that we left midway to check out Rain, but when we came back they were playing some undanceable reggae which killed the vibe. Also, the bartender would not pour me a cup of water, but made me pay $5 for a small 8 oz bottle of Fiji water. I have never paid 5 bucks for a bottle of water in my 22 years of existence, thank you Moon.
4	Real cool place.. And a shout out to the waitress who did not kick me out for breaking like 10 glasses! it was a accident i swear.
4	super crazy packed. the night we went, moon and playboy club were hosting a party for bridgette from the girls next door. snapped a few pics of her and partied all night at both clubs. the ceiling above the dance floor moves and they open it periodically to cool people off from dancing their pants off! The bartenders make great drinks! it's a great place to go but the line was way tooo long and was a bit dissapointed about the 1.5 hour wait esp. since we were guests staying at the palms.
4	Moon is one of the better clubs in Vegas I think. My girlfriend and I came on a Sunday night around 12AM. Although there was a line, the bouncer told my friend and I to go directly up to the rope where they were letting people in. When we went up to the rope, another bouncer asked us if we had a reservation or if were on guestlist. After telling him no, he let us in right away anyways.The cool thing about Moon is that it's up past the 52nd floor. So from the outdoor patio/smoking area of the Moon, there is an amazing view of the Strip. As for the club itself, it isn't very big, but the atmosphere is pretty chill. I feel like they have a good sense of how many people to let into the club. The Moon is small, but there was a good amount of people in there. There's enough people in there to have fun and not have the place feel empty, but little enough people so you can still dance (not ridiculously packed like at Tao for instance).The club is pretty cool looking and if you pay cover for the moon, you have access to Rain, Ghostbar, and the Playboy Club. Yeah, the drinks are kinda expensive, but hey, you're in Vegas, and they don't skimp on your alcohol here.Definitely a fun club. Music can be good, but also kinda sucky. Music sucked in the beginning, but got better towards the end of the night. Also surprisingly, bouncers are pretty friendly here.If looking for a fun club, I would reccommend the Moon as one of your options.
4	"I mean seriously, I don't wanna be a dick but,  who forgets their ID?" Some one in our group did and we were late to get our table. Instead we got a corner table with a view of security standing by the wall. Still got Vegased out at this club and want to go back soon. Ron is da shit. Hotties everywhere like a frickin' candy store. This club is rockstar status. Good times, even though I was done at 3AM, not a young buck anymore. That's all I remember.......peace
1	worst music, horrible strobes that cause drunk people to bounce into me every second and then the wait to LEAVE.What kind of club has a freakin wait to get out??  A bad one that's where!!We waited over thirty minutes to get the fuck out of there.Best bet is to fake a seizure from all those freaking strobes!CRAPPY!!!!
4	Moon is one of the "oldies" but goodies of Vegas. I came here with a bunch of friends visiting from out of town and I had a blast! There is a huuuuuge dance floor inside, and you can even dance outside on the balcony without knocking people over or spilling your drink all over your friends. Drinks were reasonably priced as well. If you're going to Moon, I suggest hitting up the Playboy Club and Ghost Bar as well while you're there.
4	4 stars for Moon for having the hottest broadsMe and 2 of friends started the night by approaching the bouncer who immediately escorted us up 50 floors to the club.  He then seated us in a dinner type table with high chairs.  Which had a money view but had no room for more then 4-5 people really.   We discussed which type bottles to get and ended up going with 2 Grey gooses which went for $475 a piece.  A tad higher then Tao which went for 375 a bottle.  No longer then 10 mins after we sit down our bus boy who was complete money through out the night brings us these 2 smoking girls who sat down with us.  Realizing it was a 3 on 2 situation I smoothly left the table and let my buddies work away.  So I decided to look around the club,  the outside patio is very nice and also has a few tables if you would like a table out there.  I also checked out the playboy club which was pretty much a small casino with $25 dollar minimums bets.  In between this time i met a few nice girls who humbled me with a few shots of petron.  I was pretty buzzed and was even considering leaving.  I ended up going back to my table after probably 3  hours of walking around the club which does not get crowded at all unlike some other Vegas clubs.   By the the time I get back the girls are pretty much on the way out and me and Donnie started hitting the dance floor.  We take a few pics with out staff and head home.  On a side note we were taken down on a private elevator by the bouncer, another  kickback from having a table at moon.So overall heres a quick recap-one of the more pricier clubs in vegas-try to get a table near  the dance floor -plenty of space around this club,-nice area to walk around and see different sights,-relatively roomy dance floor-good vip service staff
3	When I first entered this place I said "WOW". It definitely is a beautiful place and the views are crazy! Now I can say I definitely didn't like paying $40 when my girl got in for free, but hey I was on vacation and I guess that's what they bank on. I like upscale joints but at the same time I like to hear music I can dance to. I HATED the music the night I went, I don't know if it had something to do with the DJ but every time a good song came on they either 1 mixed it to something else too quick or  mixed it with some really corny beat. I mean even the chick I was with wasn't feeling the music and she was white! lol I definitely would go back, but only if they change the music! I just thought to pay that kind of money on cover, then the overpriced drinks and to be in such a beautiful place, the music should have be much much better.Oh yeah the wait is long, except for if you're a local I hear. I mean even chicks wait at least 30 mins to get in. if you're a guy and you get there later in the night, expect to wait up to an HOUR!!! I was just lucky to be with a hot local chick because I definitely don't wait that long to get into a club. And it's wayyyyyy too packed. I mean you can barely move without someone spilling a drink on you or hearing someone drop a glass.
5	Moon is, hands down, my new favorite club!  The view from the top of the Palms' Fantasy Tower was gorgeous, the DJ was amazing & the atmosphere was just perfect!I had great time there last Saturday night (which happened to be Hugh Hefner's 82nd Birthday Party!) & I know that I will definitely be back!  I loved wandering around from room to patio to room & there were so many great photo-ops.  As I mentioned before (and I find worth repeating), the DJ was amazing!  Every song that was played was better than the one prior and each song was switched up before it was tired out.  Needless to say, I danced for hours (until my feet died from my heels!) :o)The crowd was young and trendy -- I didn't see too many skeevy creepsters that are so abundant in Vegas wandering around which was nice.  I will say that you had to be a bit pushy to get to the elevator to leave the club because the line to the elevators was ridiculous!Other than that, I would definitely recommend Moon!  I know that I cannot wait to go back!
4	I tend to stay away from clubs in general because when I was in my 20's, I told myself I would not be like those "older" women who still went clubbing.  Unfortunately, I still find myself frequenting the clubs from time to time and just tell myself that 30s are the new 20s.  Yeah, whatever.So the view is really gorgeous, as stated in everyone's reviews.  My friend's co-worker had a host at the Palms, so we were able to get a VIP table--or maybe all tables are VIP?  Anyways, I have to say that what I enjoyed the most was eat being able to walk past the long line without having to wait to get into the damn club.  There was a two-bottle minimum for our table.  Since we only had four people, we pretty much had one bottle left over.  However, since my friend and I were staying at the Palms, we were able to take it back to our room---one of the bouncers had to escort us carrying the bottle himself and we were able to go down in a different private elevator.The crowd seemed like your average Vegas bunch---half naked women and drunk men.  Music was okay.  I don't recall the ceiling over the dancefloor ever retracting, though.  The place is pretty big, including an upstairs and two balconies.  The waitresses are pretty hot as well--it was kinda weird having them pour all our drinks for us and stand over our table every so often.  Talk about service....every time our bucket was slightly empty, some guy would refill it...whenever we finished our drink, someone would immediately take the empty glass away and clean the table...the carafes of cranberry and orange juice wouldn't even be 1/2 empty and they'd take it away only to replace it with a full one.  Man, I could get used to going VIP.  I have no idea how much it all cost bc someone else took care of the bill, thank God, but I'm sure it was near $1000 w/ tip if one bottle of Grey Goose is $475.   I doubt I'd go back, but at least I got to check it out once!
5	It was huge and had a cool feel. They played REALLY awesome music and it wasn't too crowded. It did a bit crowded but I really like that it's connected to the Playboy club so that we are able to hang out there when we are tired of the larger crowd. It's a true Vegas experience.
4	Good music, strong drinks, and that rooftop terrace is definitely worth checking out, even if it does get a bit too crowded for my taste (hence 4 stars instead of 5.) Getting in was no issue, and we weren't charged any cover. Also, pretty cool that it was connected to the Playboy Club via one giant escalator.
3	Loved the decor. Mirrored honeycombs with a dance floor that lights up. When you first walk in and look at the dance floor, you'll see a laser light show overhead and for a split second, you think you're at a rave. There's a retractable roof that lets in the cool air after things start heating up on the dance floor. Take the escalator down to the playboy lounge where there's a few card tables and not much dancing.Put on your best behavior in front of the bouncers. They get a total power trip with their job. While waiting in line, two guys in our group were just talking and one spoke louder than the other. Both got kicked out. No fight, no yelling, no argument, no chance to explain the situation.
4	I like this place except for the bouncer who gave a very hard time to my friends. This place is little small from what i expected, but really good atmosphere. I remember the laser in the ceiling, and the patio. The dance floor was small, but then it wasn't as crowded as tao. It is also connected to playboy, so we can go downstair and chill. The guy needs to pay $40 even you are on guestlist.will come again!!!
3	We heade up here for to hang out after time down in the Playboy Club. It was a Sunday night but things were fun. I can see this as a good place to come the previous night. I am not much into fog filled places now. The staff was friendly and quick. Somthing you'd expect of a fine club. The view is real nice. I enjoyed myself but i admit. i prefer Ghostbar. I will return here if anyone wants to and enjoy myself.
2	The upstairs deck had a few perks, getting away from the dance floor when if got too crowded, the view from the outside area is amazing and perfect for photo opts.  The roof actually opens periodically which makes it less stuffy and smoky.  Security and staff made sure that any spillage or broken bottles or glasses were cleaned up immediately.  That's a plus in my books.  There are actually escalators to get to and from the Playboy Club, so don't follow the crowd and use the elevators because it takes forever.  One thing that I did find annoying was that they played the same tracks over and over.Edit 1:  So i went here again and apparently they play trance / house / electronica all night on Sundays.  So beware if you're not into that type of music plus the crowd was better on a Friday or Saturday.
4	Nothing will make me dance to house onstage with my shirt..I mean short dress..I mean shirt..than VIP and free bottle service.  Thanks to a cutie names Janalle B.- who works at the Palms.  What a hottie!
4	I'm not a club fan, but this is the best of them in my opinion.  Not super huge like Pure or Tao, and it has a rad balcony in which you can see the entire Vegas strip from.  Correction: It actually has TWO balconies.  Great spot to actually TALK to people rather than dance up on them.
4	been to moon quite a few times now and have always had a fabulous time. there isn't much to the decor of moon but the lighting is kind of dim in cool blue-ish color.my most recent visit was for my birthday this year. i was able to get us on the guest list and was taken care of very well by jroc! :) not only did he get my friends and i in for free but he always got us a free round of tasty beverages! YAY! the dance floor in the club is super crowded and not very big at all; which is kind of a downer. the trick to having a great time here is kickin' it out on the patio with the AMAZING VIEW; and getting bottle service at one of the tables. the dj spins a good mix of dance/hip hop, which a HUGE plus in me being able to shake my ass! the music plays inside and outside, which once again, ROCKS! moon is a place i will most definitely go back to again and again! YAY!!
3	*Warning*DO NOT fight with a friend in line because the bouncers will kick you out before you even get in.I loved the view from the tables by the windows and the patio outside! Other than that, the club is pretty standard...same ol Vegas style mix of music, same type of people, same type of drinks, etc.
4	Quotes from the other half that I have endured for the last few days: "I loved this place"  "it was so cool"  "great vibe"  " lo key and the chicks drink for free on Sundays...well, I think they drink for free at the Playboy club but whatever, they just come back up to the club"  "when we go in two weeks we have to check it out.....I was dancing all night"   With the end of that line the needle flew off the record, and across the street and landed about three houses down. Danced with who? What? Where? I mean I know he has the funk in his trunk but I was floored - Mr. DJ spinning last Sunday night, I don't know what you put in your funky beats but I damn well best be seeing the hunky monkey get his groove on....June 1stSo technically this review is for my non yelping husband who loved this place so much he begged for me to give it a yelp. And when we get back from my happy place in a few weeks I will let you know the truth - because sometimes I have a hard time believing a guy who was probably drunk by 9am that morning----------------UPDATE 6/4/08 ----------------------------Ok, this place was pretty cool - a day later...because when I was there on Sunday night I was going to toss my husband off the patio - okay that was harsh - maybe I was just hoping a go-go dancer would have fallen on top of him...The original plan was to go to Moon while the rest of the group went to Body English......I had a change of heart and went with the group, leaving my husband and his buddy on their own.  When I returned an hour later - becuase I thought the DJ at Body English sucked - I had to go to every club at the Palms to find himWhen I found him he was jumping up and down like a Mexican jumping bean - I swore someone slipped him something in his drink - um no - he and his buddy finished off a small bottle of Patron - then went to Moon - *Kitty M rolling her eyes*So I ordered a drink ( mucho strong) and hoped to join him on his level. I didn't and we left. But while I was there I have to say that it is the place to be on Sundays - great views, good music and a great crowdMy husband owes me - big time
5	This place is the best club in vegas.  The outside balconies are great for getting fresh air and breathtaking views of sin city.  The dance floor is awesome.  There is also a back area with a small dance floor called the satellite bar.  There are plenty of tables available for bottle service.  Bottles start around $375 plus 20% gratuity.  Bottle service is a must if you have a big party.  The cocktail waitresses are hot and are very good at what they do, especially Daisy.  The go-go dancers that dance on top of the tables can move and are very easy on the eyes.  The resident djs, especially Dj P are awesome.  If you like mash-ups, Dj P is the man, plus he only spins with vinyl, none of that serato ish.
5	You simply CANNOT give this club less than 5 stars. It's the ULTIMATE club.Gorgeous views of Vegas from this two story night club at the very top of the Palms Fantasy Tower.There's is a gigantic moon-roof that opens and closes throughout the night like a Transformer, leaving nothing more than the stars above your head.Fog machines, different floors and levels, bars all over the place, perfect lighting, it's just a perfect club.It wasn't overcrowded and it was perfectly organized. If you have to get from one part to another you don't have to walk through crowds, there a walkways controlled by bouncers.The BEST PART is that all you have to do is take an escalator downstairs .. and you're at THE PLAYBOY CLUB!So you get two clubs for the price of one, it doesn't get any better.
5	I really liked this place.  When I stepped in, it felt all futuristic.  It was easy to walk around as well, even when it's crowded because the bouncers keep the walkways moving.  In the back room, I think it was called Satellite, there was a really hot Asian bartender there.  He was muscular and has a lot of tattoos on his arms.  I usually don't go for Asian guys, but he would have turned me out.  :)The balcony is AMAZING.  It's the same exact view from the Ghostbar (you can actually see the Ghostbar, it's to the left) but higher.  We took some amazing panaromic shots of Vegas.  What's also cool is that if you get tired of Moon, you can just take an escalator downstairs to the Playboy Club.  They played hip-hop there too, so you can just bounce back and forth between the two.  Two clubs for the price of one - SCORE!!!Even random people I ended up chatting it up with at Moon were cool as well.  I heard that the roof retracts, but I wasn't there when it did.  I will definitley come back next time I'm in Vegas.  5 stars!!!!
3	Dance floor is small, bar service is slow. Waiting for an elevator to leave is like the same line to get in the damn place!
4	Well, its a marvelous night for a moondanceWith the stars up above in your eyesA fantabulous night to make romanceneath the cover of may skiesI despise clubs, but I couldn't say no to my invitation to Moon....free entry and open bar.  Refusing an open bar would just be retarded.  So I guzzled tons of free whiskey, danced a bit, hung out on the patio and checked out the off strip Vegas views and smoked like a chimney.  The music...not so bad.  The smoke machines and laser lights....funny and entertaining, but a little uneasy on the eyes.  The retractable roof...awesome when it was open.  Cool club, I guess.  I mean, clubs aren't really that cool.  But I had fun, so I can't bitch.
4	Ok.... so you can take my review with a grain of salt if you want. I'm a girl who was in Vegas with a group of girls. That means no guys to get in the way, no cover to pay, super snappy service and hordes of free drinks.  If you're a girl out with your girls, Moon comes highly recommended. If you're a guy, grab some girls... as many as you can find and quick!!!The place is a bit smaller than most of the Vegas club monstrosities which I enjoyed. Packed, but not slammed, you'll have plenty of chances to rub bodies with the hotties but get some air when you need it. With a bit of an industrial vibe, Moon is surprisingly conservative on outrageous decor and scintillating go-go dancers. Apparently the gyrating crowd should be enough to titillate you... it worked for me. I danced the night away in my Gucci heels and prerequisite sequin dress and rubbed elbows with locals, European Polo players, floozies and Playboy bunnies. Don't miss the fabulous (and large) outdoor balcony where the party continues high atop the strip with views for days.The one caveat here (and star retraction) is the lack of bar real estate. One smallish bar near the front entrance of the club and that's it. If you don't have a table with your favorite libation chilling on ice, be prepared to wait, wait and wait some more for a bartender to get to you - especially if you're male. Oh it's not a Man's world anymore, Baby. Touche.
2	I wanted to love it, but something about the layout put me off.  The decor is not that attractive compared to other clubs and the crowd was lame the night I went.  I guess I am just putting it up against other Vegas spots, I rather be somewhere else.
5	I was here for a private event with an open bar so that's not going to happen every day but 5 stars for the view and 5 stars for the cocktail waitresses who were stunning. In a town where many cocktail waitresses are dressed like hos, these girls were dressed like hohos. Tight little silver dresses. I love hohos. The second ho makes all the difference people.
5	Came here for my bf's company function.  We had reserved tables and bottle service so I have no complaints at all.
4	Wicked crowded, but the coolest club bathroom on the strip. One side of the bathroom stall is entirely a glass window, so you can see all the Vegas lights while you pee!(yes, I am easily amused)
3	I've been to Moon several times, and each and every time I DON'T LIKE IT.  I don't have a particularly bad experience here.  I don't know if it may be because of the layout or what, but after about 30 minutes here....each and every time...I'm dying to get out of here.  I feel like it is more stuffier than normal clubs and it is so crowded to the point where it is no fun at all.  I know the ceiling opens up so you can see the stars and the "Moon", but c'mon, I've been here about 5 times and they opened the ceiling once.....that is 20%!!
5	I just found the GM's card in my wallet and I don't remember talking to him...damn...I must have had a really good time
2	For being in the Palms, which would like to think that it is super cool and trendy and hip, this place was not that great.  My friends and I came here after we got bored at the Playboy Club and this place was not much better.  The dance floor was crowded and small.  The music was eh.  I was kinda tipsy, but I remember part of the floor being cobblestony and uneven and tripping.  Not a great idea for a place with drunk girls in heels.I didn't have to pay a cover, but then again why should any girl when they practically throw coupons at you on the strip.  Doubt I would be back.
2	we came to moon after we were bored at rain... after going up 53 stories because it was on the top of the palms.. we finally got in and the place was pretty crowded.. later on you realize that the whole club is pretty small... theres an upstairs vip area which was very hot.. not very well ventilated... you can go outside onto the balcony to smoke.. and you can get a great view of the strip...  the only place you could stand and not get bumped into was probably on the stage..i wouldnt come here again
5	Since most of the reviews already posted are more general and about your average night at moon I wanted to share my experience getting bottle service. Although it's a less common choice to make, I hope to enlighten anyone who is contemplating it.Let me preface my review with a little background info, I have been to several of the big name clubs in LV (JET, LAX, Body English to name a few) and have gotten a bottle service or two in my day both in Vegas as well as Chicago so I would like to think I have some frame of reference with which to judge my experience.My most recent trip to Moon a group of 6 of us went on a Tuesday (locals night at moon) for bottle service. The minimum for a group of 6 is 2 bottles, you get the table all night and you are not required to purchase additional bottles to remain at the table (this is not the case at other Vegas clubs). The bottles run anywhere from $450 and up, and if available the bottle is 1L in size not 750mL. An additional 20% gratuity is automatically added to the bill. To make the reservation, they require you to fill out and sign a form, then fax it along with a copy of your license and credit card. I had requested a table out on the balcony (yes you can request it, although they cannot guarantee it, you are very likely to have your request accomidated) , provided the weather is supposed to be good I highly recommend you do the same. Be aware of your shoes and shirt. While they are more lax with the dress code when you have a table, you should still be dressed appropriately or risk being turned away.Table guests are required to check in by 10:30 (when the club is scheduled to open), there is a separate line for table reservations so you do not have to wait long if at all. Once checked in you are greeted by a VIP host who makes small talk and explains the club as you are whisked past the line (no cover), and up to the club on the 56th floor (if they don't give you their card, ask for it, VIP hosts are good people to know, their cell phone numbers are on the card and they are very accomodating since its their job). Try to remember to tip the VIP host as well once you get to the table, $40 is reasonable and if you are planning to use them as a connection in the future they are far more receptive to scratch your back if you scratch theirs.Once arrived at the table, the VIP host introduces you to your waitress and your security detail (yes you get a bouncer). The waitress then asks you to choose what you wish to order off the menu and introduces you to your bottle runner. I chose a bottle of EFFEN black cherry (fantastic vodka and rare to find in a club) and a bottle of Kettle One. Each bottle was 475 if I remember correctly.I appreciated that 5 cans of red bull were included with the price, as many other clubs do not include any. Beyond that they were 5$ each additional can. Note: Red Bull is a sponsor of Moon so they have 'Red Bull Cola', may not sound great, but it is and it makes a great mixer, I have never seen it anywhere else.Additionally, I like that the tables are actually booths, quite spacious ones at that, we had no problem fitting 5 into it and a chair was brought over to us for our 6th. Other clubs the tables are only 1/2 booths, are often very crowded together, and nearly impossible to fit anymore than 4 people around comfortably.The bottom line is the service was impeccable, from the VIP host to the bouncer, everyone was on top of their game and really was helpful. It also doesn't hurt that by my measure Moon has the hottest cocktail waitresses in Vegas. The prices are on par with any other high caliber club in LV, except the table is yours for the night guaranteed. The crowd is actually quite good, it was extremely busy for a Tuesday (its actually one of the best days to go) and there were plenty of attractive people walking around. Table service gets you noticed, and being out on the balcony ensures you get noticed by EVERYONE. The incredible view basically ensures that everyone will be outside to see it at least once, and will subsequently walk by your table.Let's put it this way, my experience at Moon was so good I have already booked my next Vegas trip in August and I have a table booked at Moon back to back nights (Fri, Sat). No other club in LV has ever sold me that much.
3	Great venue, great view, great retractable roof and great use of space.My only problem was the older crowd.  I was with about 17 friends in the low 20's and I swear the average age there was mid 30's.  It was a good experience, until the girls in our group ditched the guys to go to another club where they knew someone with a table.  The power of women in Vegas...
5	five stars all the way...we finally landed here after hitting up rain and ghostbar. both were sad and abandoned. we were on the guest list, so luckily didn't have to wait in the two-hour line. as we walked up, access hollywood asked to interview and then quickly said 'ok and pretend it's 4 am!' when it was midnight. ok, do you really think that if it was 4 am i would be THAT coherent? anyways..we had finally found a FUN, loaded, fairly lit club serving decently priced cocktails and playing updated music. we partied with celebs and danced on the islands in the vip booths. it made for the best night/club in vegas the whole trip.*the manager actually recognized that we were having a 21st birthday and hooked it up with shots.. thank you, finally!*
5	I have been there on many occasions and I really enjoy this club. Amazing view of the strip, a good crowd and great DJ's. I usually go on Sundays and have a blast.
4	The name itself doesn't invoke excitement, not the way Tryst, Tao, or Pure seem to, but this club is spectacular.  First you should get the Palms all access pass, you don't wait in any lines and can quickly get from one bar to the next with no hassle.  Completely worth the money, its like a mini bar crawl vegas style.  Moon was probably my favorite out of the 4 Palms bars.  It has an outdoor area that makes you feel like you're on top of a cloud. Amazing views of the strip and city with a stiff cocktail can never be a bad idea. I didn't get a chance to dance here with the urgency in our group to get to every bar at the hotel, but from what I saw the dj was good. Definitely worth your time and if its warm out, enjoy the outdoor area, it'll blow you away.
4	I will never forget Moon for many many reasons. Last time I was in Vegas, this is where my group ended up going. The line to get in was ridiculous but what can you expect when you're behind a huge group of guys for a bachelor's party. Bleh!Luckily a little hot Asian girl (a friend of my "sis") got us in. Still had to pay cover for the fellas but it was worth it to just get up there. I swear, standing in line (in my 4"+ heels sobers me up fast).So up the elevator we went to the top. The place looked nice but what I loved the most was the outdoor area. Great view, fresh air, and it feels like you're at the top of the world!So thanks for a good time Moon but I broke my camera here, so I can't forget you!
5	god dang i love this place. their view of las vegas left me speechless. I went in there for free on sunday night and all the action i got from ladies :) made me feel like I had VIP table of my own. this is the MUST PLACE to check out if you are in vegas and wants to go clubbing.
5	Just came from this place and I gotta say its one of the best clubs I've been to in Vegas. I came here with a buncha friends from the bay and hawaii and they all loved it as much as I did.  The place is 3 levels of club utopia. You got the Playboy club on the bottom level of the club where you can chill and gamble with their playmate dealers. Then you have the mid level where the main dance floor and the balcony with a dope view of the strip. The 3rd level is where you can chill under the stars  and get a view of the dancefloor. They open up the roof so it's like a club that's a convertible with the top down.  Pure sickness!  The crowd is mixed and full of hotness. You will not go wrong by coming to this place. The line is rediculous, but go to this site and sign up on the guestlist before 6pm on the day u goin, and you can skip the line up until midnite. The guys still have to pay $40 but the girls are free that come with you. Not a bad deal since you have to pay $40 if you wait in line anyway. http://www.n9negroup.com/#/moon/guest/The only thing I didnt like was that the dance floor was kinda small, but what can you expect when you on the roof of the tower.
4	Okay so pretty much all the good clubs in Vegas are expensive. As a local I tend to do more lounges and bars than clubs. But I did go to moon with some friends visiting here from New York. And if you are a guy its 40 dollars to get in, some random guy sold me an entry card for 20 (hustled him down to 18 lol). But regardless its worth it. I should also note that the girls I was with got in for free because we had already paid for admission to the Ghost Bar, which is really cool too. Moon had a great view on different levels. The music was great and the crowd was pretty cool. I dunno if it was just that night but there was an ish-load of Asian people. Hot Go-Go dancers, and hot girls in abundance. It was pretty crowded on a Friday night but thats to be expected. There was still some room to move around as long as you didn't have a drink in your hand.  Line for admission was probably a half hour or so. Plus its connected to the Playboy Club, which I didn't really see the appeal to, I mean the girls were smoking hot in the bunny outfits but it was just a bunch of people sitting down gambling. Oh well it was still cool to check out.
4	Moon is a great club. Loved the view and sure it was crowded but I won't complain cuz what Vegas club isn't on a Saturday night? They played a variety of music but from the most that my drunk memory can remember was that it was mostly house which isn't a bad thing.I did love the fact that you had to take an escalator and an elevator up to whatever floor Moon is on. And on the way you passed by the Playboy Lounge. Totally made you feel super exclusive. And I got in for free... as usual! We were a big group of girls (like a dozen of us) and worked with Jamal. We were able to cut the line and not pay. Sweeeeeeet!The smoking area was the best part of the club. OMG the view is just INSANE! And I have to say that the patrons at Moon were super nice too - even made a few other friends to hang out with while outside. Loved how they opened up the roof so you were dancing under the sky. Off the hook.I'll definitely visit Moon again.
4	Unreal.George Maloof has done it right again with his newer and better "Ghostbar" style club.Not only does moon offer the perfect picture spot of the strip, but it's an open air club sitting 55 stories high in the desert....which as we all know equals awesome.On a side note...drink prices suck, 11 for a rum and coke, no bueno.
2	I really wanted to check this place out but like a lot of things it didn't live up to the hype.   The club that it's attached to, Moon, is normally, too crowded and seemed like an afterthought rather than a vision.   I don't like it here; however, the view of the strip from the outdoor patio is fantastic. Advice:  Here's a tip if you're getting there late; especially on off nights.There will be a point when you'll pay to get into the Playboy Club/Moon and you can get into the Ghost Bar for free and visa versa.  ie.  Sunday night at 1:30 am you pay 30 bucks to get into the Playboy Club/Moon and show your stamped wrist and they'll let you into the Ghost Bar for free.  Well, if you go to the Ghost Bar, same thing, you'll be able to get into the Playboy Club/Moon for free...only you'll pay 20 bucks to get into the Ghost Bar.
5	Highlight of my Vegas trip.  This place was hot.  Moon was where Chippendales came post-shows and had the hottest guy I have ever met in my entire life.  The main patio was spectacular with amazing views.  It was a welcome break from freezing clubs where you were happy if you had a feather boa for no other reason than to keep you warm.Inside had two levels, the main dance floor and bar, with yes, nowhere to sit unless you had paid $400 per table.  Upstairs had another balcony, this nothing more than a place to get an even better view of the strip and lit-up desert.  I loved how this place wasn't massive, lights were awesome, just enough faux-fog to make it awesome.Drinks weren't cheap, but nothing in Vegas was.  The drinks were cold and tasty, and that's what I want.  Out on the patio, we kept trying to take our shoes off and kept getting made to put them back on - if the security/bouncers had to wear them, you would think twice about forcing us to. The bachelorette whose party I was at who was making out with some man not her husband-to-be, good luck to you.
3	This place was cool. It was bigger than I thought it would be and it also had some hot views. I loved the outdoor tables, but it was totally crowded. I'm happy we didn't have a table in here as I would have been clausterphobic. I'd come back, but only if I could get a table with plenty of space around me.
4	Wow, I was here last Friday ( really Saturday by then) but I don't remember a thing.  I heard something about the roof opening and I still don't get it.  I sort of remember some sic views.  I really wished I didn't pre-partied so hard.   I sobered up at Seamless.  What a place to sober up at.Regardless, we were taken care of at Moon so I'm sure I had a better time that your average lady.
3	Unfortunately, I wasn't completely wowed by Moon.  I didn't like the smoke machine - only because I can't stand that sickly sweet smell that sticks to the back of your throat.  The music wasn't really my thing either.  We ended up doing a circle around the place to check it out, took a quick spin on the patio (awesome views btw), and then stood around for a while people watching.The best part was the bar area - the cubby hole 'things' changed color and overall the look was cool.  Aside from that, I think I would stay downstairs at The Playboy Club.
1	You suck Paul Pierce!  What a major cock-blocker.....  Guess what dog - none of the staff at either the Playboy Club or Moon likes your ass so don't bother coming back.  What?  You don't want people taking your picture?  Then stay out the hell out the club and stop mackin on the girls in our group chump!  Aren't you married with children or something?  All that's unecessary dude...And what are you so "agitated" about when you got pulled over 2 hours later...That pro you left with didn't give you a rub and tug?  The only thing that probably got blown that night was the breathalyzer machine when LVPD pulled your dumbass over and should have arrested you for a DUI or DWB - whichever.  You've got no class.
5	I went to moon/playboy club  to check it out.  I have a commitment that every trip to Vegas that I see one of the "major A+" shows that I not seen and go to one night club spot and or fine dine.  I was traveling with a very good friend who also love Vegas. We went to the Palms to checkout moon and playboy club-my idea.  he went along for the ride, not quite sure why were were going to playboy club as were openly gay and proud-not in the closet!  We loved Moon.  Beautiful views, great music, and a sound system that is world class.  we danced our ass off.  the crowed was fun and diverse. there were  mixed couples, African American ,white and probably two gay guys thrown in here-me and my friend.  the crowed was fun.we went on a Thursday night and it was crowed not packed-it was perfect.I will be back.  moon was alot more fun than the gay club we went to later that evening
5	LOVE moon!  The people are young, fun and the space is big enough to party hard but small enough not to lose your friend for 3 hours :). the view outside looks right onto the gorgeous strip and us girls can get up on the railings to dance above the crowd (there are even poles for the courageous;)VIP GUESTLIST: girls can ALways get on it for freee (no cover no line!!) - or groups with more girls than guys... I'm a local and the promoter is the nicest guy and always makes sure you're taken care of ! (message me to get his name/number - i don't wanna just public post it :)xxx have fun!
5	We started the night here over the weekend and I didn't want to leave. The music was great, the crowd was drama free. And the bathrooms were clean without a line... SHOCKING! We got in to this place for free (helps to stay at the hotel in suites and to know someone at the door) but, again I would be willing to pay. Two drinks were an easy 24 bucks ... only complaint. But, really it is Vegas, that is no surprise.
4	I really liked Moon.  I really liked that I didn't have to wait to get into Moon, and was able to get myself and my friends on the list VIP/comp (Thanks Katherine! :)Really good dancing and awesome view of the strip all lit up, which was really fun for our first night in Vegas.  I of course can't remember it very clearly now, but I know at the time I was in love with everything the DJ was playing.  As we walked in and I heard "Where Brooklyn at, where Brooklyn at..." I instantly turned into some kind of dancing animal (I live in Brooklyn). I didn't think the drinks were ridiculous; it IS Vegas, and I'm also used to going out in NYC so really I thought it was reasonable for this kind of place.One thing that sucked was that my friend, who lives in Vegas, tried meeting up with her but since it was just her and 2 guys she couldn't get in.   I wanted to go down to see if I could get her in, but was told that if I left I'd have to wait in line and pay the cover again, so that was a baby buzzkill.Otherwise I really had an awesome time at Moon.
5	"Oh lord be merciful deliever me from my sins and this level 5 hangover."  Basically describes the state that I was in following a night at this place.  I was in Vegas for the first time for my cousins bachelor party (don't ask for any more details than I post here because that would be violating Section 7 Paragraph 2 of the Man Code), and we had the penthouse suite at the Palms.  With a room like that booked we naturally had no problem in aquiring a table at the Moon bar.  I had no idea what to expect, seriously this place was just what the Dr. ordered.I LOVED this place.  Maybe it was because of the artful layout, the incredible view, the service (hey you order 8 bottles at a VIP table your getting the good treatment),  the fact that I could stand with a scotch in one hand and a Cohiba cigar in the other and not be forced outside like some hyperactive leper, or the aforementioned 8 bottles of top shelf liquor.Just to mention the level of service you get in this place.  Upon entering the bar we were shown to our upstairs table, I immediatly had to use the gentleman's room.  Now its dark in this place, and I am near special olympics drunk.  I asked the bar back by the table where the can was, probably noticing the look of urgency on my face he turned on his little flashlight and told me to follow him.  Thank what ever diety you pray to for this guy, not only did he show me where the bathroom was, he plowed through everyone clearing a lane for me on the way there.  I would have never made it if it weren't for that guy.  Oh and I almost forgot when, later in the night when I lost the ability to control the volume of my voice or the rampant nonsense that comes out of it, I remarked that there were definatly not enough women at the table (there were 7, and I was being sarcastic I thought), the same bar back hears this, dissapears only to return what seemed like 20 min later with 3 random girls he found downstairs.  Although I had been kidding, you got to give this guy an A for effort and an A for customer service. He definatly earned the $100 i gave him.....lol.Ok bathroom humor aside.  This place was a blast, awesome music, the other patrons were suprisingly friendly and sociable with everyone around them (was expecting this to be the place that you tend to socialize only with the group your with).  I highly recommed this place to anyone and everyone, though I do suggest calling ahead and reserving a table with bottle service as it looked like the bars were perpetually packed.  Oh and it tends to get a bit expensive, but then again who the F*&K goes to Vegas to save money?My night here reminded me of the old adage: "Let us have wine, women, mirth and laughter.  Sermons and soda water the day after."
2	wow so...I finally got into Playboy/moon...yay...blah. Last year, I really wanted to get in here but the lines were out of control so I couldn't make it. Now, I see why those lines were out of control because of the infamous elevator I had to wait for to get upstairs, downstairs while my heavy buzz was running out, my killer heels were actually killing me with pain and the leech I was trying to get rid off couldn't understand a brush off. But you gotta love the view from the balcony...a definite must see of Las Vegas at night
4	Went to Vegas with zero intention of going to Moon.  It just so happens that someone in our group "knew a friend of a friend" and was able to get us in no wait and comp our night.  Okay, we're there.  Moon rocked.  I'm so glad we didn't say thanks but no thanks.  The view is one of the best views in Vegas.  The music was awesome.  Some of the best mixes I've ever heard.  There are nice  cozy booths throughout, I'd be interested in checking out how to acquire one of those.I would come here again, maybe.  The line to get in the elevator seemed to take some people over an hour to get to the club.  Ek.
5	Best night club I have EVER been too! Classy, good music, great atmosphere, great view.  At the same time, it was very comfortable. Located on the very top of the Palms Casino in one of their two towers, located just below the Playboy Club.  Even the staff was very professional from the bar tenders to the bouncers. I went on a weeknight.  If you want a change from Shows and Slot machines, this is a GREAT place to dance the night away.  You can club hop without ever leaving the casino! On a Tuesday Night, cover was $10 which included entry to Moon, The Playboy Club, and The Ghost bar.
4	I headed to Moon really really late.  I had already hit Rain and gotten something to eat at the 24 hour cafe, so I think it was 3:30 am by the time we got to Moon.  I actually like this place better than Rain.  The outside area is great.  It was a little windy, but I love the vibe out there and they played all the hip hop I wanted to hear at Rain.  The roof opens up which I'm guessing on a clear night is amazing.  I definitely had a lot of fun here!
4	Honestly, don't remember anything about it, but I had fun.
3	My friends and I got there on Friday night around PM & it was completely dead.  People didn't start getting there until almost midnight & then it got really packed. The music was good.  They played mostly hip hop.  The venue is really nice b/c you get to see the view of the strip @ night. Drinks are pretty pricey.  The crowd is mixed. Playboy club is really nice.  They have poker tables & pictures of playboy centerfolds on the wall.  The view is absolutely amazing!!! The waitresses are wearing the playboy bunny outfits, which is very cute...hahahaha
2	Oh Moon.  You could be so great, but you lack a lot of the pizzazz that your Vegas club-siblings possess.  Like size, style and oh, I don't know, non-skeevy people?After a rough night at Pure, we decided to check out Sunday night at Moon.  I walked in and thought, "Eh.  I've seen better."  I was surprised to Moon was so small!  The dance floor is pitifully tiny.  Most definitely not enough space to accommodate a Vegas-sized crowd. With only 2 bars and a handful of bottle service tables, Moon didn't strike me as a very high-class establishment.Because Moon is located at the top of the Palms' Fantasy Tower, the entire roof opens up so club-goers get a burst of fresh air throughout the night.  Good in theory, but because the 2nd floor of the club is VIP-only, the regular folks get the poor-man's view.  Boo-hiss! I also had an issue with the music.  It was SO gangster.  I'm a hip-hop fan, too, but honestly, this was pretty hardcore.  It didn't have a great beat, was hard to dance to (especially when you've landed a cute Navy cop!) and didn't exactly have the crowd going crazy.  When the DJ switched to Tupac and Snoop, things took a turn for the better!Finally, the clientele isn't the greatest.  Maybe because the Palms is off the strip, or maybe because the Real World filmed there however many years ago, but something is kind of tragic about the folks that hang out here.  It's like being in a suburban club when you live in the city... Or maybe I'm just snobby.  =)
3	my girlfriends headed to moon as one of our first stops of the night around 11:30 on a friday. had to wait for the one elevator that transports everyone to the club - not a bad wait at all but then again we were six girls. the space age design is relatively cool, but believe me, there are much swankier places to be spending your precious time in vegas. the balcony has an incredible view but no heaters !! what club keeps their balcony open in mid-october with no heaters?! come on moon.  we stayed until around 1:30 and the size of the crowd pretty much stayed the same. the dancers are awesome ! music was o.k., nothing impressive. hate to say it, but moon is seriously lacking the "vegas" vibe. however, definitely a must-see for a vegas virgin. get it out of your system early on.
4	24 hour trips to vegas are the best. moon definitely fulfilled our last minute vegas urge and made our road trip worth it. knowing someone in the vegas circuit helped a lot. although our 3 guys didnt get in as easily as the girls, their wait really wasnt that long (they got to cut in front of the line and got in 15 minutes after us) and we ALL got in for FREEE..the music was good. the lighting was good. the view was good. the easy access to the playboy club was good. the upper level and outter deck area was good. cant complain!! always fun times in vegas!!!
3	This is my 2nd club experience in Palms Casino. I really enjoyed Rain (but that place is old and played out). This is pretty cool, on top of the Palms Casino. I guess it's kind of hard to get in, $80 for 5 guys, and we had to bring in 3 girls. Not bad I guess. Ride an elevator to the top, walk through Playboy casino room. There's 2 stories and outside balconies. Very nice view. The open the moon roof occasionally. Came here for a friend's birthday, so we had a few rounds. Drinks are kind of expensive. $11 a shot. I bought 7 drinks, came out to $73 + tip. Drinks aren't very strong, I didn't really get a buzz after 3 rounds. The music is okay, they play a lot of "rock" music, which I like, but a bit too much, and the transitions between different types aren't very good. They didn't play Usher or Chris Brown, but played lots of Kanye West! The crowd kind of sucks. Hence the lower rating. Lots of guys, and the few girls usually are taken. The crowd is a bit "older". The go-go dancers are nice, but there are lot of girls that dance on the chairs that shouldn't be dancing! Ultimately, it's really all about who you come with, I had a fun time with my group!!
4	Last place we hit up for the night..Decor: trippy colors everywhere.. on the walls looked like a beehiveView: incredible.. better than PURE.. since it is a very high elevated view.. can't compare to ghostbar yet because I haven't been there.. that is my next destination for sure!Rooms: 2 big rooms.. the deeper room in the back is more chill with a bar.. the main room is where most of the people dance! Dancers: you got your typical gogo dancers... EHHH.. some gogo dancers REALLY can't dance though.. how the heck did they get their jobs in the first place?Disadvantages: you have to wait for the elevator to go home.. try to leave before it closes.. places gets packed and you just keep waiting trying to push people to get into the elevator!
3	This club is okay.  only okay.i went here on a tuesday, i think, so maybe that was why i wasn't very impressed.  i ran into a promoter earlier that day who put me on his list with free drink tickets; getting in was fine and immediate, but of course i had already been drinking and forgot to ask how the free drink thing worked.  so i ended paying for another amaretto sour once i got upstairs (later, when i flew home the next day and cut off the wristband, i noticed 3 little numbered tabs on it - drink vouchers?  perhaps.  sure wish the bartender would've said so, since he looked right at it :(  but i digress).  the drink i had was only okay, though its not a very stong drink to begin with..... more sour than alcohol though.anyway, the bigger room was pretty cool, with the sun roof open and all that, and the views were great.  music sucked butt though, which again might be a function of the night i was there.  i wandered over to the smaller room but everyone in there was just standing around talking - since i was alone that got kind of boring so i bounced.  people watching was okay at this place, no one really interesting and there seemed to be a lot of guys.  ordinarily i would find that lovely, but not these guys.  i don't know, something strange bout them....overall, this club is decent, and i don't really have any major complaints other than the music selection on the night i was there.  oh, yeah, having to wait on the elevator to leave sucks too.  however, it seemed somewhat more low key than other mega clubs like Pure or the like, so if that's what you're looking for its definitely not a bad start.  i personally would go early and then hit another place later on.
5	O-M-G!  Moon is now officially my favorite club to frequent.  The atmosphere is sexy, hip and was full of beautiful people.  The view of the strip was practically orgasmic. There's nothing better than dancing and drinking on the top balcony.  It's smaller, but definitely more intimate.  The bartenders were all beautiful, the bouncers were professional and the dj kept the music coming strong.  Love it.Pure's view was good, but Moon's is the best.
3	The club's balcony view of the city is beautiful, and from what I remember, the decor was pretty sleek and sexy. The dancefloor left something to be desired because of the design which made it more crowded, but I was more focused on how similar the DJ at Moon was to the DJ at Rain when we left it. Which also bummed me out because I didn't enjoy it there and I definitely didn't enjoy it at Moon any more.
5	Very very cool club with AMAZING views! I would have to say it is my favorite club in Vegas. The atmosphere is great. Drinks are similarly priced as other clubs from what I can remember.
3	Preferred Moon over Ghost Bar, were able to get some seats and take in the crowd. It must have been bring a fat friend and no cover charge night. There was an ECLIPSE of the STRIP_AHHHHHHHHHHH. Actually met people we had pooled with that day and had a great time. Worth the trip especially if you double up with the Playboy Club.
5	I loved Moon! The music was great the crowd was drama free and the bathrooms had no line!  We got in free and didn't have to wait! It helps to know the promoters!  It has an AMAZING view! The atmosphere is great, and people here are beautiful. The bartenders were all gorgeous and the bouncers were nice! Moon is the Best I will definitely be back!!
3	3 stars for the free cover and awesome balcony, which was great for dancing and camera-whoring. No stars for the crowd which was ehhh. My friends and I were thinking about going back to Tao the whole time we were there :P
5	TAKE ME TO THE MOOOOOOON!!!Retractable Roof?? WOW COOL. But too bad it wasn't retracted when I was there because it was way too windy. Moon has a pretty small dance floor but it's loacted on the 53rd floor of the Fantasy Tower. You can hop to Playboy Lounge first then take the escalator up to Moon, or you can take a straight shot elevator ride up to Moon.The outdoor patio area of the Moon is just as sick as Ghostbar. Overlooking the Vegas lights and definitely the Vegas strip. It's mildly romantic but way cold when I went. There was an open table so we got to sit there for a while resting our poor hurting feet. I think Moon is by far my favorite when it comes to the Palms.
5	Moon is hands down my favorite club in vegas [and with so many clubs, that's saying a log].Moon is unique in so many ways. First, it sits atop the 53rd floor of the Fantasy Tower of the Palms, giving you an unprecedented view of the strip. Second, I like the fact that it's not a mega club [read: PURE, Tao, and XS], while those clubs are fun, this is definitely more laid back and little more intimate. Finally, they have a retractable roof, an amazing light system, a spectacular layout ... I just can't say enough about this place! Onto the semantics ...Because the Palms casino floor is fairly small, you will find the huge sign reading FANTASY TOWER very easily. Moon is open Tuesday, and Thursday - Sunday @ 10.30. If you arrive before 10.30, your express elevator will take you up to the Playboy club first (yes, the two are connected, more on that later, and see a separate review for Playboy). If this is the case, Moon is accessible via a set of escalators within Playboy (and yes, you can go back and forth throughout the evening). Virtual Walkthrough: Moon has a somewhat simple, but oh-so-amazing layout. If you arrive from the elevators, remember your bearings, because you'll need to take these same elevators 53 stories down. Directly in front of you is the main bar, with a design made completely out of hexagons. To the left of the bar is an additional room dubbed the "satellite bar" and depending on how busy it is, it may or may not be open. To your left, down the hallway of the elevators  you just stepped off of are the bathrooms. To the right, you'll find the main room. Dance floor is in the center, walkway is around which makes the club easy to navigate. At the far end, you'll find a bar. There are two doors that lead to the balcony with the amazing views of the strips. Right besides these doors are two staircases that lead to the upper level of the club. Up here [the space is somewhat limited], there is an additional bar, tables, and access to another [smaller balcony]. Why I love Moon: besides the aforementioned reasons, it's a great place to party. The crowd is younger [as with the Palms in general] and the music is always bumping. The bartenders are always friendly, and generous on their pours, and the glasses may be a bit smaller than usual, but there's a lot of booze in there, and the prices aren't too bad [compared to other places]. I like how you can to and from Playboy at your leisure, and the retractable roofs, and fog and light effects top it all off. Additionally, the club has a great layout that is easy to navigate if you want to avoid the traffic of the dance floor. Note upon exiting: With only 2 express elevators servicing Playboy and Moon, lines can build up. There is normally a queue in the room of the main bar, and a bouncer making sure no one cuts in line. Be prepared for a short wait if exiting during peak hours (2-3am).VEGAS ADVICE: Try to get free passes to the clubs; they honor them 99% of the time. I have never once paid to get into Moon/Playboy. Ask your hotels concierge, or find people on the strip trying to "sell" the passes; it can save you up to $40 on weekends. Bottom Line: Nothing beats partying 53 stories above Vegas in a hotel that is notorious for their clubs, parties, and sky villas. Moon is unlike any other vegas club, and the overall atmosphere does not disappoint. And, most likely, when exiting, you will be given an "All Access Pass" that allows you into all the Palms nightclubs - 4 for 1 deal isn't so bad is it?
3	I was actually a little disappointed with Moon. The roof opening up wascool. The view was awesome. The music was ok. Maybe it was the vibe. Ihad booked a table and upon checkin the host told me it was a goodtable and we'd have a great time. Rrrrrright. The table was situatedupstairs, but one end was next to the stairwell leading down to themain floor and the other end was where the door to go out to theviewing deck was. In previous table bookings at other clubs, tableswere usually in roped off areas so only you, your party and if you'relucky, new friend(s) were allowed. This was not the case. (at least thetable and area we were in). Being between the stairs and the door,people were walking left and right and even trying to sit at our table.Now you would think with all this foot traffic it would help in thefacilitation of meeting people, afterall it was a bachelor party. Nope.It didnt. One thing I noticed is that the crowd at Moon isn't asfriendly. It's a seen and be seen place almost. That, plus the tablelocation contributed to the bad vibes. It was still fun though, butonly 3-star fun for me.
4	The best part of this club is that it's on the 53rd floor of the Palms Hotel.The crowd age range I would say is about 30 years old.I'm 22 and I didn't see that many people who looked like they were around 22.So, this was a factor for me that didn't make it that fun. But it was not bad.The whole place is well ventilated. The outside balcony/patio is very nice. Good view of Vegas and table booths to chill at.Drinks are fairly priced and it's that hard to get service from the bartenders. There's two bars, I believe. There's also an upstairs that I didn't go to.They don't control the female/male ratio so you know what that means.I would only come back here again just because it's pretty cool to club on the 53rd floor of a hotel and be on a spacious balcony.Also, too bad the Palms Hotel is kinda far off the main strip.This is a cool stop though if you're just looking for a random club in Vegas.
3	You could see the moon from Moon! Well, in theory. It was a little overcast-y the night I went.For me, Moon is another 'just go so you can say you've been here' place. Just like its neighbors, Playboy Club and Ghostbar, it's pretty whatever. Don't be fooled by their pictures on the website. This place looks a lot smaller. Actually, that goes for any Vegas club.Thursday night isn't their busiest night so my party (5 guys, 2 girls) didn't have a problem getting in. The interior is like a sexy futuristic spaceship that landed on the moon. The dancefloor isn't flat; it's textured so it looks like the surface on on the moon. Somone took the Moon idea too far. The view from the balcony is beautiful and you can sit at the unoccupied tables. After leaving the club for a bit to gamble, we came back to see that the retractable roof had opened up. It's probably better in the summetime because it was kinna cold in January. Would I come back? Maybe, but I don't wanna pay cover.
3	I think I just came here on the wrong night. A bunch of friends and I came here on a Thursday evening and paid 20 bucks for all access to here, Ghost Bar in the other tower, and Playboy Room. When we got here, it wasn't that crowded. after a few minutes, we went out on the outdoor balcony, which was a bad idea because it was effing cold outside. Nice view nonetheless. It was a good mix of tall people and cougars. Yes cougars. I came here with Jeffrey L. and Clarisse C., and I agree that its a 'just to say I've been here' place. Although I thought it was pretty cool that they opened the roof later that evening. If it were a Friday or Saturday evening in the summertime, this place would be more impressive. There was no trouble getting in either. Oh, and this happened:Me (to the elevator guy): So how is it working in an elevator? Does it have its ups and downs?Elevator guy: Hey you watch Mr. Deeds too much (or something along those lines).Props to the guy since he knew where I got it from haha. I'm gonna give this place another try sometime. Wrong night. That's all. Go on Friday or Saturday. Cheerio.
4	Came here with a table. The crowd started off slow but ended up pretty packed. Not as packed as some of the other places, which is actually good. Some of the others get so packed you can't even move. Service at the table was good. Music was good and the club is pretty large. Loved it when they opened up the roof, nice little treat when it's nice out.
5	awesome dance place! the music was perfect. hip hop, pop remixes, some 80's some early 90's and my friends who are into techno even got to dance to their favorite song so we were all thrilled! the drinks are not cheap but what do you expect. We were four girls on the dance floor so we got hassled a bit by drunk guys but we found our groove and some cool people. when we got too hot from dancing we went out to the patio and the security out there found us a seat which was really unexpected and appreciated. i would totally come here again
3	Why are all Vegas clubs so dark? Crowded, standard Vegas club dark & low ceiling by the bar.  There is a small outside patio (you've got options =) that is for the smokers. Pretty much similar to the outside patio at Ghost Bar but with a different view. Nothing bad, nothing good. This is your standard average club that will have its on and off nights. C'est ca.
4	Beautiful club, from what I remember.  It's on the 50-something floor of the Palms Hotel/Casino, so you get an awesome view of LV on your way up.The DJ was playing great hip hop when I got into the club.  Drinks were pretty tasty.  I just wish that I was in a better mood when I was was there.  I'm sure I would have had a great time.I'd love to come back the next time I am in Vegas.
5	Hi, Moon.  Your #1 fan here.  From what I remembered, you have a beautiful view.  And a cute glass looking dance floor.  Oh, and comfy couches.  Strong drinks, too?  Good music to shake your booty to?  Friendly people on the elevators as well.I like the no pay and come right in attitude they always give us (even when we go with a mixed group).
1	If you like to support a dishonest staff that tries to get the girls you are with into their club by telling you they'll get your group in free, only to wait for an hour, because of a slow elevator entrance, to be charged full price anyways after they escort your ladies in free, and then go hang out in a sausage fest, then this is the club for you!Heaven forbid anyone in your group insist that they live up to their word either or they'll just call security to come and toss them out.I dont mind paying entrance for a club but I DO mind being hustled and then watching an arrogant staff treat my friend like dirt once he calls them on it.... The one redeeming quality about this club is that it has a great view of the strip but it isnt worth a disorganized staff that cant stay on the same page with each other regarding entrance, a dance floor full of dudes, and just a generally indignant attitude.  I went to Lavo and Rain during my stay and in comparison, I can confidently say I wont be heading back to Moon ever again.
4	Nice, nice club. One of a kind. Has anyone ever seen a club with moonroof?? I have now! Is that why they call it Moon? Insane! Eventhough I didn't get to enjoy it much due to my food coma from Blue Agave. Drinks were strong, good job bartenders. Outdoor view of the strip, another plus! I'd come here again on a better night, being the crowd that night was made up of mostly young boys on the prowl.
1	First, why would you go to this club which has a tiny dancefloor as opposed to Rain.Don't be fooled by the bouncers and doormen here, they will waste your time and feed you lies.  These morons which are probably high school drop outs, are very unprofessional.The promoters at this club should just quit because they need to learn how to have a good girl to guy ratio. Plus, who was the retard that made one of the barriers to the club by coming into an elevator first?So if you do enjoy this club, you most likely are either getting hustled or prefer hairy cylindrical objects forced in your mouth. Also, my friend who went  to this club got her behind grabbed by a guy who already had a girlfriend.
4	one of my favorite places to go to when I'm in vegas...which is a LOT. the crowd is a little younger than most other places. I always have a blast when I come with the girls. I have no idea about the line and payment situation since we are always comped and ushered to the front. great view of the strip and the retractable roof is also pretty cool. it's been kind of dead recently because it's off season right now in vegas, but once the warmer weather rolls around it is ON!
4	My girls and I had the best time here. The wait in line was not that bad, probably less than 10 mins? I loved the interior of the club very chic and trendy. We were one of the first groups to start dancing on the floor, we didn't care because we were out to have a goodtime. We even got to dance on the stage...lots of fun but I definitely was not buzzed yet to be doing that :PThe crowd was way better compared to that of Pure. I managed to meet a guy who we used to get up to VIP LOL. The VIP area was pretty cool since you could avoid the crowds. Unfortunately my cousin had a wee bit much to drink and puked in a trash can about an hour later so we were escorted out.
3	This place is Lauren Conrad approved.And, you suddenly know where this review is going. I was half expecting to see some people from the Hills here. It's a shame that I didn't.It's an absolutely amazing venue, but too bad Vegas can be full of douchebags. And this my friends, is a bag full of douches. If you decide to come here, the place is a primer for things about Vegas.1.) Vegas is about tips. This effects your place in line or where you are able to stand in a club (i.e. VIP). We, thank god for a friend... managed to be in the right line and not have to pay the shiteous $40 admission fee ($60 if you intend to party hard). 2.) Women as the world works, have an easier time of getting things for free. They even have their own comp passes. This is because Vegas is a sausage fest. You would never know that from walking on the strip and being handed cards full of girls for sale. Me and my friends contemplated collecting and playing goldfish, drunk later.3.) A recession will still even make Vegas a little bit expensive.And so this is where our experience is shaped. The girls who were scattered through the legion of men were trashy. I remember this one girl dancing for herself in this ugly pink dress sashaying on the platform. Vegas isn't your runway when you don't know how to work it, honey. I would think it would be dangerous to wear sunglasses in a city that embraces strobe lights everywhere it gets the chance.The favorite part of this was the view of the strip on the balcony and the roof that comes off of the place when they feel like it. I am going to go and say that Vegas has better clubs. This one was A-OK.
4	Well I was suppose to get in here from a friend but wasn't on the guestlist...so what do I do? Well I told the guy what happened and hes like don't worry I'll give you and your friend passes. Yeah! So no line, which was very nice.Got in and hit moon! And it does have the decor of a moon. The dance floor is spacious! However, very crowded. We met some nice Canadian boys, very fun. The one thing I hate... You aren't allowed to sit anywhere!!! They are all for bottle service. No joke, we tried to find some guys who had a table, just so I could sit down. I even took my shoes off for a split second and I was told to put them on. I told them that my feet hurt and he's like I'm sorry but you can't do that. UGGGG!The music is good. Mix of everything. The dance floor is massive, so thats really good! Crowded yes but whatever, all dance floors are.The people are insane, dancing the night away. Had fun thats for sure. Good looking crowd and a young crowd, early 20's.Drinks are decent and strong, prices are average for vegas... nothing less than $10.The decor is like a moon, like mentioned before and it is very silver!The bouncers are really nice. When I was waiting for the elevator. A guy escorted me down and asked if I needed a cab and I was ok. I was alone if that makes more sense. :D Either way very nice!
3	I consider Moon a good, but not GREAT Vegas club.  3.5 starsPROs- nice view- line for drinks not too long- pretty spaciousCONs- looonnng line to get in because of the elevator wait since it's at the top of the Palms- drinks were kind of small in my opinion...hmm or was I just really thirsty? hahaI would go back if someone wanted to go there...but it wouldn't be my club of choice.  :)
5	Moon is fantastic!  My girlfriends and I got a table here about a year ago (on a wed) and we were seated next to the floor to ceiling window (it was just three of us)..the view was amazing, the service was impeccable and the bouncer was just the responsive man..did an excellent job at keeping the creepers away (did a better job at keeping people away from our tables than the bouncers at Pure, Tryst and Lavo combined!).  I think, most definitely, the best experience I had at a club in Vegas so far.The night before, we had gone to Tryst and had a great time, so when we walked into Moon, we weren't expecting that much - considering how much more beautiful Tryst is than Moon (a 40 ft waterfall as a part of the club is hard to beat) and the go-go dancers at Tryst are a lot sexier!  BUT, we honestly had a MUCH MUCH more fun time here.Also, a big perk to Moon is that they open up their ceiling a few times throughout the night, and it is really cool.  I absolutely recommend Moon and most def. will be coming back!
5	This is my absolute FAVORITE club in Vegas.  I think that this is one of the nicer clubs in Vegas and is easy to get into.  Either sign up for the guestlist on the N9ne Group website or find a N9ne Group promoter who will get you in.The music is a mix of Top 40, 80's Rock and a little bit of House.  The dance floor is sunken and is surrounded by booths for table reservation.  The ceiling above the dance floor retracts at different times of the night so when you look up, all you see is the sky, stars, and moon--one of my favorite things!  When the dance floor gets crowded, there's additional dancing space (only for girls) above the booths--my girls and I always end up there.  Exit to the outdoor patio area to get a breath of fresh air and take in the gorgeous view of the Strip.  Sometimes the music is so good, that you end up making your own dance floor out on the patio.If you walk up the stairs to the 2nd floor, there's a smaller balcony for you to see the Strip from.  Inside is an additional bar, and tables for reservation that overlook the dance floor.  I have been to this club on Friday and Saturday nights in different months and have always had a great time.  The people are friendly and diverse as most are not locals.  Drinks are decently priced and pretty strong.  Although this club is off the strip, I think it's worth it if you want to complete your Vegas trip with an amazing night out.
5	So every once in a while you will find a club that not only you like, but other yelpers like too... Do you know how hard it is to please an eclectic group of people (all ages, all music tastes, all crowd types)? Let me tell you, when it comes to a club, that is damn near impossible.But Moon had every wow factor that would make any club goer satisfied. They had killer views of the entire strip from every window and on the terrace. Outside on the terrace, even though you were 52 floors up it was still warm, comfortable, and not windy. Perfection meets glamor. They were playing a wide variety of music nonstop with a great light show to accent the spacious dance floor. There was even a retractable roof so that you could see the moon...Every area of the club from the main room right down to the bathroom or the elevator was tailor made to look like a fierce "it" place to be.Though the Palms is off the strip, this club is well worth the trek. There are three other clubs in the hotel if you feel the need to club hop, so don't nix this one off your list due to its locale.
3	i don't really remember this place...went from playboy to moon.. then back.one of the bartenders has some pretty dope ass tattoos.
5	From birth, you have 21 years to prepare yourself for the defining moment in your life: your first Vegas club.   Coming here on my first night in the Sin City definitely set my standards of nightclubs to an unsurpassable limit.Through some friends who know some friends, we were able to score a VIP booth on the balcony, right next to the glass walls that overlook the Vegas strip.  And boy what a view...  53 floors above the Vegas strip left us shocked and breathless, as we all jumped and giggled like schoolgirls.  The dance floor itself had a retractable roof which was opened later on in the night to let in the stars, the moon, and a relaxing breeze.  With the dancing, light shows, and sporadic shower of foam bubbles, I knew I was in for a great time.   And the drinks?  $16 for a red bull vodka?! Who cares! It's Vegas baby!  I wasn't even a bit hesitant to let go of an Andrew Jackson per drink.  The bathrooms are superb as well, and fully stocked with cologne, cigarettes, cigars, and a just as jaw-dropping view of the strip.  (Go for the urinal by the window...its got the best view).  Frankly, the only detriment is that the line for the elevator downstairs is ridiculously unorganized.If that's not enough to convince you to take the extra trek to the Palms, the Playboy Club is accessible and a floor below, so you can get your bunny fix as well.
2	All I remember was that the view was amazing, just like Ghost Bar.Inside though, I think they went decor-happy. Too many bright colors with too much of the dry ice effect, whoa.. it was hard to see who was inside dancin. I saw a girl drop her drink and fall. Ouch. I couldn't stand being inside, outside was definitely better!! The music was OK, my party people all agreed it was one of those hello-goodbye relationships.. And it took soo long to get out of this place, possibly because everyone wanted to get out?!
4	I needed to hit the trifecta here.  I'd been to Ghostbar and Rain countless times with the bachelor in our party, and his goal was to hit every club with me here (Playboy Club included).  So our group went to Moon for his party.  Little did we know that we'd happen on Hugh Hefner's birthday party and get completely bombed.  Again, happy birthday Hef!The club has multiple floors and a retractable roof.  Being at the top of the Fantasy Tower, the view of the strip from the outdoor patio is sic.  We got a table and bottle service...it is definitely not cheap.  Bottles start at $400 and we got 3 or 4, i don't remember.  Tons and tons of eyecandy (our waitress was smokin') here, that I do remember.  Due to my recent hospitalization, it probably wasn't the best idea to drink; but i did a test drive at Tao the night before and came out ok.  So i felt prepared for some serious blitzing.  So Hef and his gaggle of girls (the old school and new school Girls Next Door were all there) partied all night.  Bridget did a little happy birthday song and striptease for Hef.  The Stanky Leg song came on, so we were doing the Stanky Leg dance.  I turn to the left and i see Kendra doing the Stanky Leg.  Hilarious.  And for you US Weekly maniacs, apparently this was the first time Holly had seen Hef since their "breakup", as someone explained it to me. So i guess this party (and emotional "reunion") will be shown on E! soon.  I definitely was living in Silicone City that night.Once the girls at the table next to us starting shoving jagerbombs down my throat, I knew I was done.  I left the club with different colored drinks spilled all over my shirt, so you know the night was legendary.  The music was fun and everyone had a great time.  I was glad to share this experience with our group and especially one of my best friends.  Oh, and thanks Hef for a great party.
4	NOTE - This review is based on a previous visit to Moon (March 24,2007) during Hugh Hefner's 81st birthday weekend extravaganza at the Palms casino. Now that I'm on Yelp, thought I would write a review on it :) - Right off the bat, I wasn't a fan of taking an elevator up to a club, considering there were hordes of people waiting to get in. It helped that we had a connection that evening.  Well, it was THE night for Hef's 81st birthday so that pretty much explained the extremely long line.- First, we were taken to the Playboy club which allowed party goers to mingle, grab a few drinks or gamble at the tables hosted by yours truly, Playboy dealers. - Drinks were pricey but that's expected. To begin the evening, the bachelor (that's me) bought a round of 120 proof burbon shots for the crew. Result? One of my buddies, who doesn't really drink decided he wanted in but I did offer him a broken down golf cart LOL What a mistake! He called it a night before we even made it up to Moon.- Of course, there was Hef along with the original "Girls Next Door" in a booth and I had the opportunity to talk to Kendra for a few minutes after she found out I was getting married the following month. In her words, "Are you sure????" LOL nice. Then it was time for everyone to make their way to Moon nightclub.- A definite upgrade from Rain nightclub the night before. I'll admit, I was impressed with the decor and layout. What probably impressed me the most of the view from the outdoor patio, providing a stunning view of Las Vegas. Later that evening, the roof opened up, a beam of white light shined upon us and next thing you know we're in an alien ship! LOL - Obviously, Hollywood graced their presence in the club. Not surprising, Paris and her rendition of a stripper along with a friend and a pole. I've seen better.......dances LOL- Girl/Guy ratio that evening? All I remember seeing were 20-30 ladies dancing a top the VIP booths going nuts! It was INSANE in there. I remember one guy who tried to blend himself in with the ladies, eventually found himself being grabbed by bouncers after refusing to come down. What made it worse, they ripped his shirt. - Music was at the top of its game, a blend of hiphop, r&b, electro and top hits.- At one point in the night, the entire club took a 10 minute break while they sang "happy birthday" to Hef. Overall, a great time at Moon nightclub. I haven't been back to this particular club since 2007 so any of the more recent reviews would give you an idea of how this club is doing.
4	Great view outside. Seating area inside. Decent sized dancefloor.Music was good because I was dancing!!!! I left when it was just starting to get CRACKIN because my group was moving on over to Ghostbar...Pre-drink before because a shot of hennessy with coke back and just a plain ol' Redbull cost $20.... but who am I kidding, BARS are always overpriced!
3	definitely saved us from the disappointing playboy club. a few of us went up here to check out the deck and ended up bringing up the rest of our friends for the remainder of the night.the retractable roof was cool, and the view of the strip awesome. i feel this place is mediocre most nights, but for us it was a perfect place to chill and have fun during our last night in vegas.the following story has nothing to do with my review, but needs to be told:a guy walked by my girl friend, slapped her ass - and proceeded to give her a dollar for the said slapping of ass. he later came back and asked for change (wow). the girls were obviously amused/offended by this, but i kinda wanted to shake this guys hand for being so awesomely lame.
3	Moon was just ok. It was really cold outside (I'm a baby), so the patio didn't mean much to me. The DJ was good, but it was a little crowded. I didn't stay long, so I can't say much other than I don't think it's worth the cab ride - and the cab line was ridiculously long too, longer than any other I'd seen in Vegas. I wouldn't go back. I heard the cover is $40, well so is XS and that's a better club.  Granted, I am in love with Steve Wynn.
5	Damn, it feels good to be a gangsta. When you've got a hookup, this place is BOMB. You get to skip the line, don't have to pay a cover (yes, Candice R., the cover is $40 normally...but remember that it includes your 'entrance' fee to both the Playboy Club AND Moon), and get hooked up with drinks! :) Besides the spectacular view of the Strip, Moon is indoor/outdoor - even if the balcony is too crowded, they also have a retractable roof! The DJs will make you dance all night, either on the dance floor or up on the stages with the go-go girls. Don't forget that THEY are the professionals here. BTW - beware upon exiting the Palms...there tends to be at least one person (usually a gal) who had a BIT too much to drink and is either dry-heaving or actually puking in line. Ew. Watch your shoes, ladies. I heart Moon...I think I heart that it's connected to the Bunnies too. :) Sah-weet.
2	I really wasn't a huge fan of Moon. I think in general I just don't like the Palms. I was willing to give it another chance but I think ill pass. I did like the view from the club, it is beautiful to see all the lights away from the strip. Music was OK. At one point the DJ was playing oldies??? what??? But on a positive note the bartender was awesome. I never waited more than a minute to order and get my champagne. He was cute as well. I also like that you have access to the playboy club. I didn't get to spend much time down there but it looked like a lot of fun.
3	I really like Moon because of the view! Beautiful! The indoor lighting is cool. I wasn't really feeling the music at all. But the fact that I was with my friends and cousins made it all better. - J
4	Really a cool place that played great hip hop music.  I liked the connection to the playboy club as well.  It has the same remarkable view as Ghost Bar, but more of a club feel as opposed to the loungier feel at Ghost.  I would choose Moon any day over Ghost.
4	the view is probably what makes this such a great spot. the music is super fun house on tuesday nights in the satellite bar. main room goes off of course in general. sounds? damn. the sound is clean and rich in either room. there's a super fun vibe thoughout. go easy on your room charges! LOL!
5	Really exciting place especially when you combine it with the playboy club.   Everything about it was good, the women (only for eye candy honey) the open ceiling, the playboy bunnies, VIP waitress was really friendly, it also had a cozy feeling to it for some strange reason. The balcony view.... speechless.
5	The 30k Millionaires are abundant in any Vegas nightclub. Moon is no exception. The 30k milli's are rampant in Vegas. For those of you who don't know what 30k milli's are, they are merely guys and girls, usually guys, who act and spend money like they are millionaires, but in fact are nothing but a regular 9-5er. They drive the used beamers and wear their silver plated chains, douche glasses, and reek of aqua di gio. They are the loudest and the most obnoxious people I have ever seen. They pop bottles with their maxed out credit cards all to try and impress the Socal princesses who think they deserve the best. I smell insecurity. Regardless of that fact, It has its positive notes. The clubs in Vegas are not my scene. I go once in a while to people watch and just to check out the scenery and get to know the vibe as to what draws people to these glorified sweat boxes. I like to go with friends and just sit back and enjoy the wonderful people having a good time. Moon, is definitely one my favorites in Las Vegas. The club is not too big and not too small, has multiple floors, flowing booze, good dj, outdoor patio facing the strip and just overall a good scene. The go-go dancers are definitely easy on the eyes and they move like they aren't going wake up the next morning. They play anything from hip-hop to some house and the DJ will never let you stop dancing regardless of what he is playing. The drink prices are steep. I paid $11 for a rum and coke. I'm sorry but ladies, if you want a guy to buy you a drink, especially from myself, you need to offer more than a pretty face. Beauty is too common in Vegas, what else you got? Nothing? Then no drink, go find yourself a chump who hasn't been to his first rodeo yet. The Playboy club is usually included in the cover charge. Or if you know a host or someone who knows someone, you can usually get in without any hassle while the other people in line look at you in envy. :)Definitely check the place out if you have never been. I was not disappointed with their venue. Lots of women to go around and just an overall good place to hang out with friends.
5	Came back here with a bigger group, got a table on the dance floor, so this time, no beautiful view BUT instead, we traded to be in front of the DJ's..i can say, equally worth it..and i want to say, had a freakin BLAST, moon does not disappoint.  one of my best clubbing experiences EVER, hands down...and I'm saying this even after a night of craziness (not the good kind, but the bad kind when people r just TOO drunk), I still had a great time!!  I once again, cannot wait to go back!
4	So the details on this place are REALLY hazy. I should've wrote this review when I got back to the room. But I do know I had a good time. Lemme see what I remember.Shuffling into an Elevator, going UP! Getting off the elevator...don't know, don't remember and don't care if we paid...feeling like I'm walking into the beginning of the first Blade movie...you know the Human walking into a party FULL of vampires. Good thing the blood bath didn't happen. Losing my friends but found a new one who was lost too, she looked good too, she must've been drunk too (yay for female beer goggles!) cause we struck up conversation over being at the TOP of Palms partying with a SICK view of the Strip. Going to find our friends, talking to a French dude about Vegas, finding friends and then stumbling into a cab back to MGM.It was for sure fun times that night, the crowd was cool, full of energy and everyone was feeding off of the same vibe. Next time I'll go there a bit more sober cause there was plenty of eye candy to peep. ****NOTE TO THE SBC****This place is crowded chip in for a Table on the 2nd level, call ahead.The Bar is crowded as hell10 minutes into this joint...you done LOST JMC and Mikey!!!
5	We came down here for a friends bachelor party so of course we are going to hit a club. The problem is, what club is going to want to let in 30 dudes without any ladies? We were able to order a VIP table for $125 each and this comes with bottle service. All I remember having was Crown, but I know we had other types of shots. Didn't dance because the place was so packed, bu t it was alright because I am a shitty dancer anyway. One of the highlights of the night were the two girls who were trying to get free drinks out of us because we had bottle service. I didn't see anyone give them a drink, but I swear next thing I knew one of the girls was passed out and they eventually got kicked out. Ha, that's what they get. I hate them, they weren't even that hot.This place is awesome and I highly recommend you check it out. Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
4	this place was nice...bad thing: long wait just to go down on the elevator..it was faster getting in the club then waiting for the elevator when we was leavingnice view if you go to the outside..but was very packed...didnt stay long though..
5	Moon is the BEST Vegas nightclub I've ever been to. My girlfriends and I just returned from our trip and partying at Moon has been the highlight of it. We were able to skip the line and were comped a bottle of Ketel One thanks to our amazing VIP host, Jason. We also got to ride in the private elevator which was exciting. The music was great! The DJ needed some warm up time though, but once he found his groove, he played all of our jams. We danced all night. Thankfully, the table service saved me from an amputation because my new shoes were making my feet numb. The decor was beautiful and I loved the lights and falling foam. Like everyone else who mentioned it, the retractable roof made it breathable in there and was unique. You MUST visit Moon when you're in Vegas!! I LOVED IT!!
4	What makes Moon stand out? What makes it worth the cover? The view. To be able to have a drink 50 odd floors up and look out over the Vegas strip, it's amazing. The patio area is just great to chill, have a few drinks and chat to your friends as the music isn't to loud, unlike in the club where it's pretty loud but what do you expect in a club. Sadly all the seating is for bottle service but that seems to be the norm in Vegas. The prices are standard for Vegas and the service is good and even while it was packed I didn't have to wait long. Staff are helpful and the patrons in the club are your standard affair. The music is a good mix of old, new and mash ups. Nothing really wrong with this place but nothing that made it jaw droppingly awesome and worthy of a five star.
2	5/29 - waaaaccckkk!!!! the only thing nice was the view! other than that, crowd was wack! there was no where to sit! small danceflr! thank goodness it was free! Rain is better than this spot.
3	Went here on my bachelorette night it was awesome except for the fact that my shoes were killin me...I was buzzed and kept taking them off as i was dancing and I swear, as soon as I took them off security tapped me on the shoulder and was like "put them on!" UGH!!! I must have put them on and off like 10 times...hahaha oh well...it was cool though, great music and great view! I thought the outdoor patio was awesome. We did a package deal where we got vip access to Rain, Moon and Playboy. We didn't go to Playboy...for some reason I don't feel like I missed out.
3	I came here during memorial weekend and it was pretty dead. The club is pretty small, but the view is awesome! We were able to get in for free because of guest list, but I would NOT pay $40.00 to come here, $5.00 maybe.If you want to come and check out the view, its great! We stayed for only 1.5 hrs and left. The crowd this place draws is very ehhh...
3	I think Moon is alright. It has a lunar-space decor and lighting theme going for itself. The dance floor is small but accommodates everyone. Like everyone is saying, the view is hard to beat. When they open up the roof, it's cool drinking/dancing under the stars. People here are nice and I never had a long wait for a drink. Best of all, your entry is also good for Playboy, which is down stairs via escalator and Ghostbar. I think it may be good also at Rain, but haven't tried there yet. That's good value. I say Moon is second tier, compare to the other heavyweights. If you never been it's worth going once.
4	Ok so I hope this review helps people. I went here on Industry night, 6/24/09. I want to start by saying I had a great time. The place wasn't overly crowded but it had enough people to keep me entertained. There was a good amount of guy:girl ratio (I went with 2 guys). I didn't buy any drinks at moon but rather went downstairs to playboy to get my drinks, since I had a tab there and the bartender was HOT. Oh note, this night we went had both floors open so you could go up and down via escalator. The outside patio area with the roof retracted was amazing...what a hell of a sight. I didn't receive any special guest list or promo from anyone but I was charged $10 to go in between the 2 clubs!! Overall if you are in Vegas on Wed I would recommend coming here and be up there by 930 because before then it is sorta dead. Btw, Moon opens up at 10:30. Please check my Playboy lounge review for my take on that.
4	amazing club!!unfortunately we didnt get to have any fun!!!  we spent time locating our friends the whole nite with no luck, while we risk our lives rummagin thru crazy large crowds!!!  (memorial weekend)we spent our last moments on the 2nd floor dancing to some songs then left.. continuing our search..
4	Moon is one of the coolest clubs I have been to. The rooftop opens up to reveal the gorgeous night sky. There are two balconies, too if the rockin dance floor gets too hot, step outside to 100 temperatures if you dare. Best DJ, but try to avoid the swarms of single guys.
5	Beautiful view at Moon.  It's totally awesome to be dancing out on their outdoor balcony and seeing the strip in the background.  Inside is pretty cool too because there's no roof!  Good music and quick bartenders made this place even better.  It's a really fun place to be with you friends.
5	The views from Moon out to the strip were breathtaking! This club has a lot of character and is one of a kind! There were about 15 of us and they let us slide through with just getting 2 bottles and a table for all of us on a Saturday night! We took an elevator all the way up to the top floor which led right into the club. Another cool thing about this club is that it's connected to the Playboy Club as well! The roof opens to the desert sky, lights and the fog machine goes off and everyone gets crazy to the music! I have Moon as one of the better clubs in Las Vegas!
3	3.5 stars. I thought moon was pretty cool, but it was a bit too over-crowded for me! I wanted to dance but there really was not anywhere to dance at all because it was packed!!!!!!!  The view was just amazing and the staff were very accommodating!  I did not get a chance to try out the Playboy Club because the Playboy Club was closed the night I went. I felt somewhat out of place being in my 30's at moon. I will try XS/Tryst next time.  How Vegas has changed since my days in the Marine Corps when they had Club Ra at the Luxor, Beaches, and the Drink.  I might have enjoyed Moon more if I were in my 20's again.
1	I must have been there on a bad night (Sunday) because there were not actually any people there. Even the free bottle of vodka did not help the situation. It did have a good view of the strip, but that only entertained me for about 3 minutes. Drank our vodka and then moved on to Lavo...THAT is where the people were.
5	omg.. i loved moon.. i had my 21st birthday birthday and it was amazing!! standing outside on the palms roof looking over the entire strip is something i will never forget!!! i had so much fun.. music was great.. drinks were expensice... and the roof opened!!! best night in vegas!
3	Uh, are we in Moon? So went the rest of the night... Upon touching down in MacLaren airport, we did a quick change at the hotel and took a cab over to Moon/Playboy. Upon arrival, our friends who had set up the logistics for the evening had told us to go to the front and tell the person that we were on ***'s guest list. However, the guest list was a joke. Sent back and forth between the desk and the guy with the clipboard at the line, no one could figure out who we supposed to be listed under even though the snobby guy at the desk finally said "ooohhh, ****" (pronouncing the name in a different way - WTF??). Some how we got in, and were directed to the carding line which also doubled as the elevator line. When the elevator doors flew open, the usher-type guy barked at us to get in the elevator. Nice customer service jerk-o. When we got out of the elevator, the walkway opened up to gambling tables on the left and right sides and then a dance floor in the middle. I had never seen card and roulette tables inside a club before so I thought this was super cool; something for the wall flowers to do while others drank and danced. Unfortunately we thought Playboy was Moon (my bad) and spent about 15 minutes looking for the rest of our group. We discovered some escalators in a discreet corner by accident and took them up only to discover another club upstairs. Man, we were such noobs!The atmosphere at Moon was much more club-like. The place was filled with a packed bar on the right, a packed dance floor in the middle, and lots of not so hot ladies dancing with the poles above the reserved tables. I was grossed out by the icky guys gawking. At the bar, the drinks were great and the bartenders speedy. However they claimed that the credit card machine not working (BS!!) when we tried to pay for our drinks. Everyone was quickly drained of all cash, which quickly put an end to our carousing at Moon. The DJ spun a pretty good hip hop mix of old and new stuff. I prefer a little bit more variation, so i took a lot of breaks when the newer stuff came on. Around midnight, the roof opened up. While this presto-chango seemed cool for a moment, the open air made me realize how gimmicky it all was because the room became hella hot and humid from the outside Vegas air. I kind of expect to be constantly bombarded with AC when I'm in Vegas because it's so damn hot. Pushing through the sweaty madness, we continued dancing. The dance floor seemed to just get more crowded and the drunk people began to walk into us more and more. Getting annoyed at the rude drunk people and tiring of the humidity, we retreated downstairs to soak up the AC. The dance floor was dead around 130a so we snapped a bunch of pictures to capture our first night in Vegas and decided to get some grub. The exit was a bit of a wait because we had to wait for the elevators. Thus the night ended as convoluted as it began. Waiting in a long-ass line to get out, getting confused about which way to go, getting into another line to take a cab back, sweating to death in the Vegas night air. All in all, a decent first night out.
5	Moon stands out as one of the better nightclubs in Vegas. Where to Begin?Pros-If you look around well, you can get comps to enter Moon, Playboy Club & Rain for free (or cheaply)-The View is spectacular, the Vegas strip serves as your backdrop- Since it is away from the strip, if you get there early enough, the wait is not too bad-Since Moon is in the Palms, you are guaranteed a young, hip crowd with some of the best hotties Vegas has to offer-The roof opens up and lets you breathe in some fresh air, when we were there, the roof opened up and produced some fake snow-The music is very good!-By Vegas standards, the bars are not too hard to get to-It is exceedingly superior to the Playboy Club located on the floor below-The venue itself, the decor, lighting, ambiance, etc. is young, hip and cool!The only cons I can think of are-It is harder to get to since it is located off the strip-It def. draws in a more pretentious crowd I was very satisfied with my experience at Moon! it is easily one of the better nightclubs in Vegas!
4	Yee this place was crackin! Loved the music and the cheap dranks! Drinks here were about 10-15 bucks which is not bad for Vegas! We explored around the club and found Revolution Bar which is just a small room with a bar.  It was empty, so we went in feeling like rock stars since it felt like it was reserved just for us haha! We got our drinks and danced in the room for awhile, then we decided to mingle with the rest of the club.  The patio has a really nice view of the Palms hotel and the strip. Beautiful people who can dance, well some.  Anyways, the only crappy thing about this place is the security guard not letting us take off our heels! We were able to go without our heels at other clubs like TAO, XS and Christian, but maybe this club is just stricter than the rest.
1	Ok, I know that some people really love this club, but I am not one of those people!  If I had to pay to get in to this club, I would still have asked for my money back.  There was 3 lines that were long as hell (that's to be expected in Las Vegas).  There were several people getting by saying that they knew a guy naed Raul.  The club was over populated and the music was horrible!!!  The most up to date song they played came out in 2002!  Having to go up to the 53rd floor was cool at first, but trying to get down made me feel like a prisoner!  I had 4 girls in my group and they wouldn't let all of us on the elevator.  One person was held back (literally).  We were only there for about an hour.  If you have anything else to do, do it!!!!
4	THe best DJ's that I heard the whole time I was in Vegas.  We got to skip the line, so that wasn't a concern. The ambiance was cool and it wasn't so packed that you couldn't move so that is definitely a plus.  The patio is awesome, but not as cool as Ghostbar for sure.
4	Nice.Great view, reasonable for Vegas priced drinks.Good, best music.  - I'm not a house person like what they play at most other Vegas clubs.Minus a star because when my posse was too much for the lot of us to get on the elevator - the bouncer, instead of saying wait or putting his arm out to block the path - physically grabbed my friend and pulled her to the side, and it traumatized her. What the fuck? She wasn't drunk or anything - we were just trying to leave. I suggest they do an amusement park type "how many of you" when there's a big group like us instead of manhandling their patrons - but I don't deal with drunk people all day for work.
4	It was my first time at Moon last weekend. Luckily I met a promoter that got all the ladies in FREE and with passes to also go to Playboy club and Ghost Bar.The best things about this club:* Awesome view from the outside Patio...this is where we chilled, danced, and admired the view most of the night.* Music was TIGHT. Good hip hop. DJ was good.* Loved that the indoor dance floor opens up like a moon roof to let air in*Like the decor.* Also like the Playboy  club*Diverse people and this club and a good crowd*Poppin' but not ridiclously crowdedWhat sucked...* Some of the bouncers were straight up meanies: At about 3:30am one bouncer made all us leave because one of their waiters keep dropped 2 glassed in a row in front of our Bachelorette party.  How is it our fault? We didn't even touch him.....One bouncer was being an a$$ about the elevators. They seperated our group because they had a maximum limit. Common' don't just let girls get left behind and straight u[ pushed her out of the way.
5	Historically, anything at the Palms has been guaranteed fun for me.  We were given a free pass for Playboy, Moon and Ghostbar from some random promoter that we saw on the street.  (He tried to charge us for some free passes with his shiesty behind)  Anyhoo...we decide to go on a Thursday.  Personally, I've never seen a line here and there was on this night in particular.   It's crazy how different Playboy and Moon are.  Playboy was totally dead and Moon was packed.  The good music was a pleasant surprise.  Anytime I hear Beyonce, I"m gooooooodddd!  The DJ was fab....the drinks, ummmmm, unremarkable.  That is never good.  Luckily, I was already feeling it so I only required one.  I never had any problems with the bouncers and I've been here a few times.  (I'm always flirting with them)  Even when they catch me sneaking into the men's restroom.  (tee hee hee)  We met a group of bachelors in town for a wedding so we got to see this DOPE suite at the Palms with stripper poles in the bathroom and LCD's in the floor.   We partied well into the next day, with day drinking included. Seriously...a night at the Palms is always one of the most memorable of the entire trip.  I have never been there and said..."let's go somewhere else"  It's more like..."what the...it's 3 already?  Ahhh, let's just keep the party going" The Palms is the place to be.
4	bring it & bring it good! cause the moon is going to leave you behind without the sun. have fun people
5	Can't believe I haven't written a review for this yet!Let's put it this way... one of the first times I came to Moon, we had a ridiculous table in the outside corner on the balcony, and sometime midway through the night I had a girl's legs wrapped around my head.Bottle service is more reasonable here than at some other places, the servers are HOT and friendly, the drinks are somewhat reasonable, and the atmosphere is second to none.I can't stress the service enough; these guys are top class.If you're in Las Vegas, make it a point to hit Moon... you won't be disappointed in the slightest.
3	Good place to party. They have a nice balcony area where you can cool off if and when it gets too hot. The music is good but it gets a little cramped at times. Warning: do not throw up in the bathroom because they will kick you out even if you spend lots of $$$$$$ for a table. :-(
5	This is the club where I turned 21!! The view is amazing & I love how it's connected to Playboy (you can always sneak off to gamble). The music was GREAT! They played mostly hip-hop. The bartenders were also really quick & efficient.I would recommend Moon to anyone who loves to dance to hip-hop.
3	Cool space with amazing views and pumping music. A good place to party and dance all night... Best to get bottle service and grab a booth, otherwise it's too much of a grind and you can't kick back.
3	Nice club with cool retractable roof. Way too crawded though
4	Its an awesome club if you like a lot of smoke machine smoke and beautiful girls dancing! Which it turns out i do. hahaha. The club is on the 53 floor of the fantasy tower at the Palms and honestly it is an awesome club. They have an outside patio much like the ghostbar but not as cool cause it didnt have the glass floor. The only down side to this club is that if you are trying to leave, the only way down is by elevator and it is always jam packed so make sure you plan accordingly. I will most likely come back again and if you decide to pay for one club you get the other 3 clubs for free. =) big plus. =)
3	The view is amazing. Straight up it's really cool.other than that I wasn't super impressed, the music was alright but the crowd was more late twenties which if you're on the early twenties side of the ball, esp as a guy, there's accessibility issues. I like XS more.
2	OK If you've never been on a club on the strip before then you'd probably rate this a 5... but if you have? Well.... uh.... BORING!!!!   It was a Friday night when I went and it was boooorrrrring.  Empty.  Lonely.  I guess the only good thing about it being empty is you won't catch the swine flu LOL
3	Got a table here on Halloween night and it was extremely hectic but Halloween in Vegas, let alone that, but the Palms it can be expected.  The area where our table was had a great view of Las Vegas but other than that I wasn't to impressed with the club.  The music being played was a great mix and kept the party jumpin, but nothing about this place really stood out to me.  Another thing that really bummed me out was that there wasn't a bathroom closer for the people who had tables like some clubs do.  As a result of this, the lines were ridiculously long even for the men's bathroom.  Our waitress and all the staff I must say were very cool and really helpful, our mixers never went less than half full and the security told me and my girlfriend that at anytime if we wanted to go to the dancefloor he would watch our stuff.  Check out Moon just to say that you went but you will probably realize its nothing to brag about.
5	I love this place!! The DJ is hot, the people are hot, the staff is hot-This place is HOT!! Saturday nights are really really good! For a FAB time, I recommend getting a table. Music has you dancing until 4 or 5 in the morning!! HOT HOT HOT!!!
5	Great club.   I love the roof that opens to the sky.  One of the best clubs in Vegas located at the Palms.
3	I stayed at the palms for my birthday and as part of a package got all access line passes to all of the palms clubs... Moon was probably my second favorite. The view is awesome and the music is decent. Its above playboy club (my most favorite in the palms club series)...But it was pretty empty on the Friday night that we went so not much else to look at other than the view. We made a brief walk through and went back down to playboy club...
3	Pretty nice club, it was ultra dark and the layout is a bit awkward.  There is value if you wanted to visit the other clubs in the Palms.  The retractable roof was rad, we came in December so a wonderfully chilly breeze swept the dance floor.It was crowded but not packed, so there was space to dance.  People seemed friendly.  I enjoyed the music but a pretty generic club otherwise.  The view was nice, a bit too cold to hang out in December outside.
5	Las Vegas' BEST club!! You can't beat the fact you get 2 nightclubs in 1!! When you first arrive, you are escorted to the Playboy Club. The Playboy is semi calm. Half of the club has card tables and the other half VIP booths. There is a dance floor, but very small. You go up another set of escalators and you get Moon! Huge dancefloor with a raised DJ booth and VIP booths. There's also a smaller room (Satellite Bar) that has a bar, dance floor and a 2nd DJ. What puts Moon over the top is the panty droppin' roof top deck overlooking the strip! It's cold and windy up there, but it's actually a relief from how hot you get after dancin' it up inside with the great music they have playing.Seriously though...I had just got done running a half marathon (13.1 miles) that morning, every muscle in my body ached & I still found the strength to put on a pair of 5 inch heels and a way too revealing dress to make it to Moon...so no excuses, get your asses to Moon!
5	Great Club!We decided to celebrate my friend's birthday here. We got bottle service with the best view of the whole club, over looking the strip!When we first arrive we got escorted to the Playboy Club. Its nice, good music, but the dance floor is tiny.Then after 20 mins we decided its time to go up to Moon. We got escorted to our table. They have a dancefloor inside and outside. The service is great. They are always making sure you have everything you asked and need.  Music is good too, it kept me dancing till 4am.I definitely recommend it to anyone.
5	Quite possibly the best club I've ever been to.Up even higher than I was before, now I'm on the 58th floor! This club has awesome style- the lights, the tables, the bars, and the outside deck area, everything was perfect.They have an awesome DJ, who took requests- and ACTUALLY played them! The dance floor has more than adequate room, not to mention tons of room for gogo dancers, tables to sit at and standing room. There had to have been five bars, one was in a room I didn't even bother going into.The restrooms are SUPER clean, and have an awesome attendant. The counters are littered with the best colognes, mints, gum and mouthwash.I think my favorite part of my experience at Moon was during one song, I had just mentioned to my dance partner that it was getting pretty damn hot inside, and looked up to see the steam of peoples sweat rising to the ceiling, when it started to open! The ceiling is retractable, and opened up to a starlit desert sky overhead. It was probably one of the coolest moments I can remember about Vegas.
1	Man, from reading these reviews I really though Moon was gonna be awesome but it sucked.  Maybe it was just an off night there, but it just seemed like a lamer version of Rain (also in the Palms).  It is just one boring room with a dance floor.  We had bought VIP All-Access passes and were told that they basically meant nothing and we had to wait in the line with everybody else (these are the $85 blue wrist bands, don't bother buying them).  Also a bouncer watched a drunk guy basically dump a drink all over me and my boyfriend, and didn't do anything about it.  Then the elevator mass (you could not call it a line) was out of control, but luckily we pushed through and were able to get on the next train out of Moon.  Thank god.
5	Another 1 that is as good as it gets for clubs outdoor rooftop patio with a view that will blow you away! Drinks are spendy but good huge crowded dance floor and a bunch of bottle service seats too spend a night out here and spend a few hundred on drinks and cover or loose it in the slots or at the tables your choice ,you know what mine was!
2	EMPTY when we came here at 11pm on a Sunday night.We used freevegasclubpasses.com to get ourselves on a guestlist ($10 before 10 for guys and free for girls and access to all 3 clubs at the Palms)  First of all, the $10 before 10 doesn't even work because Moon opens at 11pm AND the booth next to the entrance of the club where these promoters "check you in" isn't open till after 10.  LIES.  But whatever...I was expecting so much more for some reason... maybe XS has set ridonkulous high standards for Vegas clubs ... or maybe it just didn't meet my expectations from all the cool stuff I'd heard about it.  SO not worth getting a table here.  Sunday night, they stuck with house music... we bounced.
2	Moon doesn't open until 11pm on Sundays (which I didn't know until I got there - I thought it opened at 10pm).  What was up with the music??   Such false advertising - - apparently top 40's = weird house music.  The things I did like about Moon were the outdoor area (pretty view of the strip) and of course the retractable ceiling.  Although I don't understand why they repeatedly opened and closed the ceiling - it wasn't raining and it was blazing hot on the not-so-big dance floor so why not leave it open?!  Such a tease.There are two bars which become crowded super fast.  Drinks are around $10.If you're looking to make a speedy exit be prepared to wait for the elevator.  Bad space management as the "line" for the elevator is right near one of the bars and everyone just tries to shove their way into an elevator anyway.Glad I finally made it to Moon but probably won't be coming back.
3	Minimum Age: 21+.Cost: ?Crowd: Mixed, 20-30's.Dress Code: Fashionable attire.Music: Top 40.Date Attended: 01/23/10, SaturdayA chill spot.  Nothing too memorable.  I had the 4 in 1 access to the Palms clubs so I went through but didn't stay long.Pros: None.Cons: None.
4	Have been here twice and both times have had a blast. Best things about this place are possibly it's size, the view, the access to the Playboy club and the service. Both times I have gone, my group and I have gotten their bottle service, so I don't know what it is like to try to just "get in" but if you get the service, you are very well taken care of. You get a host that walks you all the way into the elevators and up to your table, and you get a waitress who checks up on you periodically and refills your mixers on a very timely basis. If you get a waitress like ours, you will even take shots together and have a little dance as well. There are also guards keeping watch on the tables so that when you go out onto the dance floor or down to the playboy club, your drinks are taken care of. Both times I have also seen celebrities, Cris Angel, Kid Rock, and Too Short have all been there on the days I have gone.  It is also open late, and surprisingly, I have never had to wait for more than 5 minutes to use the restroom (score!). Oh yeah and can't forget that the ceiling slides open periodically to give you a view of the night sky (aka: the moon) and I imagine to also let in some fresh air... Only reason why I couldn't give it 5 stars is because of the horrible hip hop music they overplayed the last time I was there...
3	Moon is small, with pretty much one dance floor and a walkway around it. It's not as crowded as some other places so getting drinks doesn't take too long. I think the crowd is a toss-up though, and so is the music. It's not a super memorable place, but you can catch a nice view though the wraparound windows.
4	Good Music, great crowd, and comfy atmosphere. Me and my girlfriend got free drinks all night. Maybe that's why i liked it so much. lol
5	I went here last Saturday night. Good music, the DJ played 90's hip hop the entire time I was there (plus pts!) Huge dancefloor, the view from the patio is amazing! The cool thing about this club is that the roof opens up every now and then. Definitely on my top 3 list of fave nightclubs in Sin City!
3	On my first post-21st trip to Vegas, Moon was the place I was dying to check out! I heard great things about the club and couldn't wait to see the open roof. The place left me a little bittersweet. While it was a nice club-- great size and amazing view-- I just wasn't feeling the music. (What's up with the Palms and bad music?!) Saw the amazing open roof-- really don't need to be back at Moon again!
4	ive never stepped foot inside the palms until last night. some friends came in town (unannounced) and they were set on going to moon, so we went. we didnt have the hookup last night which had me a little worried, but it ended uo being only $15 (for guys. free for girls) so it wasnt that bad (I said only cuz it can cost up to $60 at some places). you are escorted to an elevator to take you up to the club (its at the top level of the hotel) but it seems like your about to go on a disneyland ride.... anways they let us out at the playboy club first (the entry initially paid was for acess to both places). its a lounge with music and a few blackjack tables... nothing much to say there. anways the other side is moon. the club its self looks pretty nice. its a little small but so are most clubs in vegas (although there is an outside patio, that is also a dance floor, that is a nice change of pace). music was pretty good, and there was the usual amount of debauchery going on. bridget from the show "girls next door" was the guest host for the night. all in all its a pretty cool place for the out of towners.
4	Good music! Good times... Just hate the waiting for the elvator it gets tight in there!
4	the bitch at the front counter gave me some 'tude as i was paying for my cousin to get in to the club. this ho had the nerve to break out her condescending tone and topped it off by calling me "honey" oooh she got on my nerves. but other than that ...fun fun fun! had a great time and that blah bitch at the front is LUCKY i had a great time. There was a great mix of people, music was great hip hop/top 40 and its hard to not jump up on the speakers and break it down. they'll usually let you groove for a good minute or 2 before they go "get down!" The bouncers were pretty nice, even helped take pictures, and we had a great time going back and forth between the playboy club and moon. I also loved that it wasn't over crowded like other clubs ::cough cough:: TAO ::cough cough:: and there was a good amount of space to dance and ditch. Ran into a few prostitutes, so just be weary of the extremely touchy feely women, but other than that it was a good time and also met some nice lookin men! a lot of UK guys seem to flock to this one...
4	The view alone deserves 4 stars! You are literally dancing under the moon...incredible!I'm that person that loves to dance but hates to have the sweaty stinky bodies rubbing against me so Moon loses a star for that. The dance floor remains packed and good luck if you're a female that is working your highest and cutest heels because you are not going to find a seat. I parked my butt on a speaker until a group so graciously let my friends and I sit with them at their booth. Another plus is that since we're females we had free passes to the Moon's sister clubs: Rain and the Playboy club. I'm a total claustrophobe so I couldn't handle Rain - its a huge rave party including the dancers hanging from the ceiling, random snow dropping into the middle of the dance floor and topped off with flames blasting so close to the dance floor a large # of people ducked when it first happened. Playboy was the last spot we went to and it was the most chill. Its more for the vip groups to chill. They had the best music though and it was real sexy but what do you expect? Just for clarification..the space was sexy not the bunnies.
5	we got bottle service here.. they were incredibly busy as JayZ was performing at the Palms that night and it was spring break, march madness, etc etc.got hooked up by Adam one of the managers there.. bypassed all the lines.. had a nice setup in the mezzanine area overlooking the dance floor.. great music and DJ that nite.. rocked it til 5am VIP access gave us access to all the other clubs in the Palms as well including Ghost Bar, Playboy Club,  and Rainhighly recommended for a nite out.. we had a mixed group of guys and girls (total 10 people) so for about $120 each for 2 bottles and line bypass this was a steal of a deal
4	Went here for a special event where half the dance floor was covered with a stage, so the small dance floor was difficult to stand in, and couldn't really move.So I'm gonna imagine that there is double the dance floor for when we went. Music was ok, better than some other clubs I have been to.I really enjoyed the outdoor area, the view is beautiful and a nice space to chill out when it gets too hot. Drinks were a little lower in cost than at some clubs, but still outrageously Vegas priced.The only thing that I absolutely disagreed with-that wait for the elevator!Makes me want to leave a little early just so I don't have to stand in that crowd!
4	Had a great experience at Moon with a group of about a dozen friends a couple weeks ago.  Getting a table and bottle service is really worth spending the extra dollars - the servers are friendly and very responsive and the bouncers keep your area pretty clear, even though the tables are in prime location next to the dance floor.  Good crowd and amazing view of the Strip - Moon is one of my new favorite clubs in Vegas.
4	Great location and an amazing view of Las Vegas.  I attended a private party here, so I do not know what it is like on a real night of party goers.  The dance floor is cool because the ceiling is open...hence the name Moon Nightclub, but there was no Moon tonight...so I guess we could have called the bar Sky.The bartender here was the most amazing bartender ever.  She told me her name something with a K in the beginning.  She knew how to rock out drinks like a pro.  The bar was completely packed and she took 5 different drink orders at once and then proceeded to fill each one without asking anyone to repeat themsleves and some people had 4 drinks in there order.  What impressed me was I ordered a Kettle and Tonic and she remembered I previously ordered a Lemon wedge in it.  No bartender ever remembers that...they always throw a lime wedge in there even if I ask for a lemon when I order it.  Just amazing to watch her bang out drinks and keep the customers happy!The drinks were also free because of the private party, so I have no idea of how much it would cost to really go here.Men's Bathroom has a great view too...they installed a nice big floor to ceiling window in there.  The funny thing is that there was one lonely urinal next to it...every single guy was afraid to use it...I used it every time...it was like a personal urinal for me...I felt like a VIP.The Playboy Club is one level below Moon and I met Matthew...a really big tall Hawaiian Guy and he let me in to check it out.  Very nice guy but you would not want to be on his bad side.  The Club seemed like a place to just drink and gamble.  Hef was there a couple of days ago.  I was amazed at the Blackjack Table..it was a $200 min and there were 4 people playing...that does not seem fun to me, unless I was mega rich with money to burn.So if you are at the Palms Hotel I would check out this location, just to say hey I have been there.  I am sure on the weekends you probably have to be on some kind of list or wait in line for 2 days.
5	I've been here twice, but didn't really remember the last visit, but here's why I gave it a 5.Beautiful view. So gorgeous, and the air is refreshing. The roof opening and snowing bubbles is great too. My first "foam bubble shower" in Vegas was at this club (I have also experienced bubble showers at Tao, Rain, and the Bank). But since this was the first, it was sooo cool. My friend and I got to dance on the platforms by the reserved tables, and that always seems to make my time more enjoyable.For someone's birthday they had brought out little sparklers with I dunno what (probably with drinks for a table cuz it was my bday and they didnt do that for me. lol)Later in the night ladies walked around offering $3.00 kamikaze shots, and I kept my shot glass! Lol. That was all I remember from my first visit, then went two months later and was too tipsy to actually remember being in the club, but what I liked was that when my friend accused me of being the reason we were leaving cuz I was too drunk, I went back in line, asked the bouncer if I can go back in, and he said YES! :) (fyi, I didn't go back. Just wanted to prove to my friend I wasn't THAT drunk. Lol).Oh and getting the all club pass to all the Palms clubs/bars (Ghostbar, Rain, Playboy Club, Moon) is a PLUS :)
5	I have been to a few Vegas night clubs and thought they were pretty worthless, small, and lame: Jet, Christian Audiger, Risque.However, Moon was the greatest nightclub I've ever been to. It's on the top 2 floors of the Palms. More ladies than dudes, amazing views from an outside lounge area, huge dance floor, multiple levels.I went for my friend's bachelor party and we all had a great time.
5	we went to moon on thursday night- and honestly had a really great time. im not usually a club type of girl, but i think moon does it right for those who like clubs and those who usually frequent bars. id recommend drinking beforehand if your'e on a budget because drinks are expensive ($32 for 3 drinks...with well alcohol...sheesh)!!! however, that's my only complaint. we got free passes for entry (also recommended), and headed up to moon! if you get a pass, it's nice bc they include entry to all clubs (playboy club, moon, rain and ghostbar)they play good music (mostly top 40, some techno) and don't overcrowd it, which is also SO appreciated. the snow feature is fun and it's a very open layout. we had a fabulous time! id recommend moon for a night out in vegas! very small complaints are the price of drinks and that its not walkable on the strip, but overall, its worth it!
1	I usually hit this place on Thursdays which is usually pretty dead.  Went this time on a Friday and it was wack.  I don't know what was up with this crowd, but my friends described it as "busted guy land."  I think this guy was trying to slip something in my drink until my husband showed up and he ran away.  I keep giving this place a chance, but I'm done.  Oh and let's not forget the chick fight on the dancefloor...very classy.
4	Moon is a nightclub at the top of the Palms hotel and is called as such because they retract the roof once a night, which was a disappointment, but its probably for a reason - probably to avoid letting too much of the hot Vegas air in. LOL still a pretty sweet concept though. If you come here with a group, get bottle service- its def worth it. The place can get packed but even if doesnt, the bars are still pretty accessible (hint: go upstairs). There is a patio, which is awesome, but that can get packed too. The Satellite bar downstairs is accessible from the club as well. My friends and I enjoyed it, the views from the bathroom and stairs are awesome btw... remember youre on the 50th-something floor. Music is good, top 40's etc.4 stars, its really all about the fun you have with your friends, but i'm basing this on how fast I was able to get drinks, the crowd and the music. I would do it again, but with so many clubs in Vegas, probably wont get the chance. If you haven't been however, you def should go!
3	This place is not bad at all. I liked the whole package deal I had here when I came with some friends and walked around the place surveyed it. Pros: The DJ was actually pretty good and played a variety of music, from hip-hop to Top 40, to 80's Rock, always good to see. The bars that they had were very typical, over priced and hard to get to. The dance floor isn't so big, but isn't that entirely smalleither. The security spaced it out fairly well with letting people in and out. Also the view, it is a high - rise lounge where you can have nice view of the strip from inside as well.Cons: This would be a big con, LEAVING this place is pretty damn tough. It's crowded and a big wait for 2 elevators to take you down. So if you're going to leave, don't leave at peak time like 2-3 AM, leave sooner! Because you're just going to be caught in frustration that totally kills your night, waiting for these two elevators to go to the bottom floor and back up again only taking like 8 people at a time can be kind of frustrating. Otherwise, not a bad experience.
2	The first thoughts that come to mind when I think of Moon: being squeezed like sardines, OK music, and the perversion of old men!Alright, so I'm not sure if it was because of the night we all went (which was a Friday), but this place was full of old and creepy ass men! There was one point when my friends and I were huddled and were being bombarded from all sides by these men that seemed to be in their 40s-50s, scary haha!The music was fun to dance to; they played Rap and Top 40, but it was incredibly crowded - we could hardly stick together on the dance floor amidst being separated by creepy ass sugar daddies. I would say that the main attraction for Moon is undoubtedly the skylight that opens and closes directly above the massive dance floor, it's a novelty for the club, but the crowds and creepy ass old men just weren't cuttin' it for me.Creepy old men, ahhhhh!
3	Came here for a friend's birthday. We were a group of 3 girls and 4 guys and as in most clubs, the girls got in for free while the guys had to pay.  Sucks to be guys! The bonehead moment of the night was when it was our group's turn to board the elevator, to take us to the club, along with 2 other guys.  One of the guys brought his actual cigarette and proceeded to smoke in the elevator until the elevator attendant reprimanded him and told him to leave with his cigarette.  Idiot. Apparently this happens frequently since the attendant pulled out a fan to fan the smoke away. We got into the club and immediately headed to the bar. The bartenders, although busy, definitely hooked it up with some strong a** drinks.  We took our drinks and headed to the outside area overlooking Vegas .  The dance floor inside does get packed and can get pretty hard to maneuver.  The songs were alright, although I didn't think there was enough booty shaking music so I didn't dance as much. Overall a good club to hit up since the bartenders are generous with the liquor and the outside area is nice to hang out and talk while taking in the view of Vegas.
4	Moon reminds me a lot of VooDoo Lounge at the Rio. Open air space with a balcony. I'm not a big Vegas club guy so  I feel the prices at the bar were reasonable. Was there on a Sat. Night and the DJ was going off. Also, the bathroom has a big window with a view of south Las Vegas.Here's a Montez tip for you: If you want to avoid a line, get there early (930 - 1030) and get in line for the Playboy Club (PBC). Once you're in the PBC, you can move into Moon once it opens its doors (about 11pm).
2	Moon is just the upstairs dance floor level of the Playboy club. The decor is totally different from the downstairs Playboy level. They say the roof retracts, but I've never seen it, so that would probably be cool, but I wouldn't come here again just to see it. The only really nice thing about Palms is that they have many places you can go to in 1 hotel... however, I'd prefer to stay at just 1 kick ass place all night. Even w  different clubs at Palms, they cannot pull the crowds of 1 hot club on the strip. If you want to dance with an open roof, go to Tao Beach!! Better yet, XS!!
3	It was oooookay! Im not a fan of house music so it was kinda wack in that regards. The club seemed big tho..I think there were 2 different rooms (playing the same music) They played a lil hip hop but mainly house...#boo.The balcony was a nice area to stand out and look at the strip but that's all this club offered. Probably won't come back unless I was gettin in free again :)
4	We had a large group of ladies so our hotel concierge got us on a promoter's guest list at Moon. This place has a great style and the look alone rivals the extensive amount of nightclubs I've visited. An illuminated dance floor, impressive dance floor intelligent lights and a featured led  and metal ceiling. The drinks are expensive which is to be expected. And my Vegas Pet Peeve continues to be $5 bottles of water with no tap water available. The place opened at about 11 and was packed  by 12ish. We ended up in bottle service and had an amazing time, met some quality people. I'm used to Hollywood clubs, so this seemed much less pretentious. Not the trendiest crowd but not shabby either. We had a blast.
5	It was our last night out. We were going to do the classic XS as our last night, but we decided to do something different... way different. we decided to go off the strip to.... the MOON & wow we sure gambled the night right. Took a cab to the Palms (in case u guyz are wondering, the cab ride is fairly short from the strip... say 5-10 mins depending on traffic from the Wynn). Went up to Playboys Club and met some awesome crowd there and after a dance or two, all of us took the escalator up to the Moon.Simply put, the place consists of two floors w/ orgasmic view of the strip. Heck, even the bathrooms, (this goes for ladies room as well) have a floor to roof window view of the strip. Diverse crowds. Diverse Music. And need i say retractable roof? This place is no size compared to a club like XS, but believe me, it is well worth a visit. Everyone including the ppl we met had a good crazy timeCome here and I believe YOU WILL TOO
4	All i can say about this club aside from the other reviews, is that I loved the view...They have a balcony that overlooks the strip. Crazyness ensued, as well as my drunkness.  Which led me to a calorie laden double qtr pounder combo from Mcd's afterward. LOLOverall music, mostly house, and a lil hip hop.  Kinda dark, so really couldnt check out anyone, which could be a good thing :)Drinks, yes steep on price... We got in for free, so F* it....
5	Fun spot. It feels kinda different partying/dancing on the top floor of a hotel w/ the roof opening. Usually able to go to Moon, Playboy, and Ghostbar as a package. Or does it always come in 1 package since theyre connected. Rain is a different story though.
4	I had a great time!Pluses include rockin' music, efficient bartenders, drinks that pack a punch, a good crowd, and an amazing view off the balcony.  Yes, it will get crowded, on the verge of being overly crowded, but what would a Vegas club be without a lot of bumping?You may even come across a professional or celebrity or two.  On this occasion, it was NFL player Manny Lawson from the 49ers, who may or may not be a big deal, and who may or may not ask you if he can take advantage of you.Party on!
4	Fantastic spot to party! Getting in is fairly easy and isn't a gong show at places like XS or Tao. Having said that, Moon isn't XS or Tao.BUT, unlike those clubs, this is on the 52nd floor and overlooks all of Las Vegas. Can't beat that. Good music. No douchy vibe. Staff and security is awesome. Drinks (from what I'm told) are stiff. It's busy, full but certainly not overcrowded. You can walk around here without fear of spilling your drink. If you are a single guy, this is a great spot to meet a lady. Or two. When you do meet said lady, you can take her to the outside patio that overlooks Vegas. Oooh! Sparkly!Keep your eyes peeled. You never know who you'll run into. When I was there, I bumped paths with Criss Angel and Carrot Top. Had I been paying attention, I would've also realized that Rihanna and some playmates were there...but I digress.The only downside to this is kind of inevitable. Busy nightclub on 52nd floor....only a couple elevators. Once you hit 2-3am, and people are jonesin for some In-n-Out, everyone is going to think that they belong on the first elevator car down to the ground floor. It's a bit of a mess. Be patient and assertive, and you'll make it down in no time.If you wait your turn, you won't get out of the club until 4am. By then In-n-Out will be closed, and your only option for grub will be the diner at the Palms, or McDonalds (not a bad option...could be worse I suppose).
4	Touch the moon at Moon since it's so high up!Crowd- Fun crowd. Not to crowded that you can't walk. Music- The music is pretty good but more techno/trance than I feel most people would prefer. The Gogo dancers aren't that great and that can kill the mood a little.Drinks- Drinks are delicious but a bit pricey. Nice bartenders though.View- Moon has a nice layout and an incredible view from balcony.
4	This was on our ladies night out list for my bachelorette party last month. We hit a  few spots before nestling at Moon & Ghostbar as they are uber close to each other. I recommend. Good vibe, gorgeous crowd, decent bartenders and a view that would make anyone feel like Paris Hilton...The bouncers could use a lollipop to cheer them up though. They all seemed a little grumpy!
5	Absolutely amazing club. Came here on Saturday night after giving up on getting into XS. The dance floor isn't huge but there was enough space for everyone. What puts Moon over the top is the balcony that overlooks the Strip. It is an absolutely breathtaking view. The staff is great, they were able to keep crowd control at all times without being douchebags. Cover charge for guys was $40, free for girls. Rough on the wallet, but it was an unforgettable experience and I would easily come back again.
4	Got free VIP into Moon. First thing I noticed is the open roof over the dance floor, awesome! I didn't know there was a patio for the longest time, but we finally found it and that was great too.Surprisingly easy to get a drink, but they are spendy. Dance floor was packed. Music was pretty good. There were a few choppy parts and undancable songs, but we had a good time. They serve drinks in glass, so be careful with all the broken glass. They try and keep it clean, but we stepped on or kicked several broken glasses and bottles.The crowd was ok. My girlfriends and I are tall, and we noticed an abundance of short men.
5	I love this place. Came here with my friend and it was free champagne for the ladies. They were pouring Pierre Jouet. One of my favs!So we proceeded to get schnockered. We danced We drank..made a bit of a scene. Had a super time. Love the balcony and the view. Glad we were able to party so hard for sooo cheap..just tipped the bartender for the yummy bubbly! Can't wait to go back!
5	what shall I say? From what I remember everytime we go, its FABULOUS! the girls and guys are fabulous, the bouncers are, even the pipibox is lolRiding the elevetor gets your panties usually in a bunch if you are wearing some.
4	I had a great time here the other day.  We stayed @ Palms so they let us get in for free, they were very nice to us!  I was quite surprised because when we checked in, the lady told us that we weren't going to be able to get into Moon for free, that we would have to pay $40, and that we could only go into Ghostbar and the Playboy club free....well, I'm glad she was wrong!  We got there around Midnight on a Tuesday night, there was barely a line outside, but the club was packed!!  I had a great time! The dance floor was a little packed, so it was hard to dance, but the bathroom situation was cool, no lines, and the views were great....better than ghostbar! I think Moon might be slightly higher up.  Anyway, I had a great great time, and I would totally come again!
3	I was pretty disappointed in Moon. Come witness our roof open up to the sky at midnight! Oh, but you probably won't notice when it happens, and it's a very tiny section of roof.  Drinks aren't as expensive as other clubs ($10 for a vodka cran,) but pretty darn weak nonetheless. The dance floor is impossible to navigate and I can't tell you how many times I either saw people frisking each other, was run into butt-first by strangers (sometimes on purpose--interesting fellow, I must admit) or stepped on by drunk chicks. I guess that's normal for some clubs, but it definitely wouldn't happen at Playboy, Lavo or my other favorites. The tiny outdoor area is fine, except for the obnoxious security people shining their flashlights at you like they're super macho. My girlfriend and I had to ask a different security guard how to get out, who wouldn't tell us until we shared a horrific story from the dance floor. I guess he felt sorry for us after that. I did, too.
4	Came here with my BF. A little pricey for men to get in considering it is off the strip and not one of the newer clubs. We had a great time though. I love that the crowd is older and classier than youll find at other clubs. We met some nice locals that bought us a drink and introduced us to my new favorite shot. The view is spectacular and I like that if you get bored there are 3 other options at the Palms to party at.
5	Moon is a beautiful ultra lounge venue. The view is amazing, not to mention the retractable roof.  The dance floor is pretty darn tiny but the vibe is chill.  The free drinks for ladies was a huge plus!  It's kinda nice that the venue is small, but at the same time it gets over packed. Drinks aren't real strong. They're a bit more on the foo foo-taste-good side.  The downside, the drinks are a tad pricey, but not as bad as other major clubs.
3	I completely agree with Stacie R. about this club (and not just because she has a sweet first name.) My friend was in town for the night and we couldn't decide what club to go to, if any...then lo and behold - we got free V.I.P to The Palms (Rain, Moon, Playboy, & Ghostbar) While I was pretty disappointed in the club, it was best of the three we visited (we didn't try Ghostbar - the lines to get in these places were horrific, even with "V.I.P" - which I'm pretty sure every female walking the strip got that day...which would explain waiting in line for 30-45 minutes to get in)The music was a mix of Top 40 stuff and the D.J. wasn't bad. There were some songs that you couldn't really dance to, but not bad altogether. The dance floor was packed...as was almost every other section of floor space in the club. Navigating was a little difficult as people were unwilling to move so you could get past them. Maybe it was the fact that they were too involved with groping each other...or too busy watching other people grope on each other (yeah, there were some creepy guys there.)Although there are two bars in Moon, one by the front and one near the outside balcony, it took a bit to get a drink. A little less time for us girls...but a wait none the less; especially with other girls trying to flirt with the bartenders and the bartenders trying to ignore yet engage them (it's all about the tips ya know.) At least that was fun to watch while we waited to order our drinks. The drinks were a little cheaper at the Palms than most places...but really I'm paying $10 for a cranberry juice with a splash of vodka. The drinks are WEAK. Maybe the drinks were so expensive and watered down because they're in real glass - which makes them fancier...although Glass + Drunk dancing = EPIC FAIL!There is a small balcony that looks over some of Vegas, which is pretty...but there is minimal room outside and the crowd was eh...most of the people outside had the VIP tables, so I guess they felt "elite".It was okay...but I likely won't return to Moon...and will definitely not take my friends there for their first "Vegas Club" experience...even if it is free to get in.
5	This was by far the best club ever! Especially if you're VIP. This is a pretty people club. Pretty women and men alike. My girls and I had a blast.
4	What a fun place!  On top of the Playboy Club at the Palms which makes a pretty cool experience.  Great music, awesome vibe.  Packed, but not overwhleming.  I really enjoyed this club.  What was kinda fun were the bouncers that kept taking pictures for people with their friends.  That is really sweet :)
3	Connected to the Playboy club down below in the Fantasy Tower of the Palms Casino/Resort, this club has a line on Tuesdays (Bang Tuesdays, otherwise the locals night), and is crazy on the weekends, too, apparently.The roof opens up above, and there's also a patio out which is several seats, but is too crowded to do much. The bartenders are almost all women (and on Bang Tuesdays dress up like Betty from the comics). There are dancers on the "above seat" walks, and other girls love to get up there, too. Some of the DJs are better than others - the first one we had was great, the second was lousy... but people were pretty drunk and dancing by then anyway.$9 for a Corona, to give a rough idea of the price, and a cover to get up there. Some days the Satellite Room is open. The views are just as good as below at the Playboy Club (though they have more space downstairs).Guys with flashlights all over that like to tell you to move out of the path, then let another group stand there in your exact same spot for another ten minutes... such inconsistency.Loud music and lights, tight quarters and random bumps and more... if that's your taste, go for it.
2	The best part about this club is that it's on the top floor of one of the Palms towers. The thing about that is Palms has another tower with a club with a better ambiance . I was so turned off by the bad music (what is it with Vegas clubs and that Euro-techno crap?!) and the sheer volume of people jammed into one little club. It took half an hour to walk across the room! No wonder places like XS are so popular now, because those clubs are open and spacious! I guess people are tired of being humped by random people while just trying to slither through and go to the restroom!Anyway, I have definitely experienced better, so I will not be wasting my precious Vegas booty-shakin' time here anymore.
5	If you get into the palms via club promoter this is the best way to go because you get access to all three of their clubs (Moon, Playboy & Rain). Of all three, I think I liked moon the best because I absolutely LOVED the view. Also, the fact that there is ample room for ladies to dance above the crowd is a definite plus! Dancing up on the bar area with the crazy high up view of vegas made me feel like I was dancing amongst the stars. If there is one thing I am not a fan of it's a super crowded no room to dance kinda club. Also, the people is a good mix of folk (older&younger, all ethnicities) and thats always good to find. I have been to the newer clubs like Surrender and XS. While they have their perks like the pool area and  the open air feel, I think I prefer Moon.
4	Not to state what everyone else says so I'll keep it short. But we did get a table out on the patio through a palms promoter and it was so worth it. No lines,  no waiting and what my group thought was the best seat in the venue. Corner outdoor table with a slamming view of the Vegas strip, it was great. And with the promoter you also get full access to all the other venues at Palms. You gotta pay to play but its worth it, because the lines to these places are nuts! So if you have a bunch of gentlemen out with you get the table, ladies are always free or easy to get in. Pros:-VIP bottle service is first class and guests are taken cared of quick-Access to Playboy Lounge (really cool too)-Great views from the outside areaCons:-Can and will get super busy/packed so go with a table or promoter if you don't want to mess with that-The music is good but its Vegas so it's going to range
3	I like the way how Moon's ceiling opens up and releases all of the smoke and fumes from everyone on the dance floor.....
5	Like my buddy Darryl P. says, the view is absolutely breathtaking! Add loads of alcohol, bottle service, a booth out on the roof, ice cube fight and an awesome group of 13 friends into the equation and you have yourself an amazing night people!There is a VIP elevator that we took upstairs, as well as an escalator from the Playboy Club to Moon. How awesome is that? Minus some creeper trying to grope me in the dark, my night was pretty good. Yes I told the creeper off. You don't mess with girls from the bay area.I'll be baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack!
5	Right out the elevator we start Singing "I wanna be a Billionaire" with Travie McCoy who was there that night and it was absolutely awesome! The whole crowd was electric as we partied the night away.Moons has absolutely gorgeous and breathetaking views of the entire city and is one of the stable clubs in Vegas. The decor on the inside is amazing. there are some very futuristic looking lights and a lotta gorgeous people!Moons has its own roof and is directly above the playboy club.The promoters all-access pass is the way to go if you're looking to party at the Palms. The pass gives Express access to all four awesome clubs there and id say it is a definite must have.  The only problem i saw was getting out of there! there's a line at the elevators just to get out of the club, Crazy!
3	I came here with my friends on a weeknight.  We got in free.  The place is ok, kind of small if you ask me.  The music is good.  There was a celebrity beat box guy there that night and he, of course, was really good at it!  The crowd that night was whatevers.  During the night, it got so hot inside that my friends and I went outside, but there were so many people that were smoking outside and the weather was ridiculous (this was in the summer).  I would probably give this place another try on the weekend because I know the vibe can be different...
5	Moon! Thank you for a great time!My ears popped on the way up since the elevator goes up so darn fast. The doors opened and right away it was to the bar! They made my Washington Apple just oh so yummy yet still strong so I was definitely happy!We met a guy from Germany and I helped him get up to Moon so he bought a round of drinks. Starting off a club with a free round of drinks is ALWAYS a good thing! The music was good too which always adds to a fun time. I met a fun group of girls which is rare! Good people, good drinks, and just an all around good time. Pauly D from Jersey Shore happened to be spinning but I must say the music was awesome! I'm not sure if it was just the fun atmosphere, people, drinks, or all of the above but he was playing some old school and recent songs and it was all good. He even threw in some Jersey Shore talk and I found it to be hilarious. LOL!Definitely good times, a great view, and I loved it!I dislike the elevator ride up but it must be done.
3	A few years ago, I tried to get into this club on my good looks alone, and it didn't work out too well for me. Fast forward to now and some good promoter-friends, we skipped the line and were shown to the elevator right away. And what an elevator ride it was! My ears popped about halfway up, I could hear the eardrum shattering bass before the doors even opened and within seconds we were already dancing our way out of the elevator and into the biggest logjam of people trying to get out of the club and back down said elevators. I encountered this same problem later in the evening when I was tired, had aching feet and just wanted to go stand in the 30 minute cab line to get "home". The club itself is pretty small compared to places like Tao and Rain, and the dance floor was extremely packed. The floor lit up, which I found entertaining for a few minutes. The view from one of the balconies is what really made this place special as it looks over the entire Vegas strip from afar. I also hear the roof retracts but we did not witness this event the day that we came. Overall, Moon was just OK and definitely did not live up to the hype generated by the choosey doorman goons downstairs. I would have been upset had we paid the $30 admission they charge the unlucky fellas. For a night of free fun, though, it wasn't bad.
5	The night as a group started off a little shaky and I was the irritated one in the group. Fast forward to getting into the club. We had bottle service because it was our friend's birthday. 0ur host was so nice, but he was from San Francisco and us being from the Bay...well, we all connected. We waited in line for about three minutes, while another bouncer checked ID's and then headed into the elevator straight up to Moon. The birthday boy played "Get 0utta Your Mind" on his phone on the ride up and our new host friend was singing along too. The bass was so loud when we reached the club, it hyped us up even more.We were taken to a smaller room off to the side for our table. It was REALLY nice that we were in that room because we tried going in the main room and it was jam packed! There's probably ten tables in the room total, there's a dance floor and a bar in the room...just for the people in there. If you go to Moon, I'd definitely request a table in that room because you can go between there and the main room.The hostess was really attentive, always kept our cups full. They gave us complimentary shots of Jager. 0ur host at the beginning of the night came up after a couple hours and made sure that we were enjoying ourselves.Baby Bash did a surprise performance the night we went. Another Bay Area native, all the boys went and met him...the girls stayed back at the table and danced. Like other people have said...don't leave when everyone else does, it's a pain. Not only are you dealing with Moon, but you're dealing with people from Playboy, Rain and Ghostbar. Not cool, especially when you're drunk. But I found a limo within five seconds of looking at the horrendous taxi line and convinced our group that it was worth it. Working for a promotion company myself...Moon definitely excelled in it's customer service. From when we got in line at the beginning of the night until we climbed into the limo, we all had a great time. We'll be back to party at Moon again.
4	Rolled up at 2am (no lie) and there was still a short line to get in. It was cool though - got in hella quick and got my booty on the dance floor.Walked in: playing hip-hop.Walked out: playing disco?! WTH?!The in between: it was a pretty crowded Friday night, but not sardine can status.  I went out with my cousin on a whim simply because after a night of karaoke, I had hella dance in me. Popped into a skank dress (and damn, it was cold) and busted a move. Keep in mind, I'm a SoCal clubber - I have been to my share of clubs in Hollywood and have been told that I've been spoiled as a result and Vegas clubs couldn't compare.  Quite honestly, they don't, but I'm going to keep that bias aside."I came to dance, dance..." really, I did, so random guys dancing with me was a bonus? I've had some pretty random (and disgusting) guys come up on my booty while I shake it and usually I brush them off, but the atmosphere was pretty chill (yes, there were random old guys, but they didn't bug anyone) so I ended up dancing with some pretty random chill guys. Does that even make sense?My new friends were nice - yes, they felt up mine & my cousin's booty, but I actually didn't notice because we were having too much fun on the dance floor. Fail on them for being from Boston. BOO CELTICS!Overall, a really fun and chill place.  Lost a star for the random old school.  Generally, I'm cool with it - and even enjoy it - but it started getting to pre-60s...and I just wasn't feeling that AT ALL. Didn't get to check out the bar, but maybe next time. ;] (Looking back, I probably should've taken Boston Boy up on his offer.)P.S. Thanks Boston Boys for the good time...whoever you are. lol!
3	Like that the center of moon is the dance floor. And I do enjoy the outdoor patio and being able to see the sky. (must be the purpose for the nightclub being called "moon") This place does have good DJs but I think its smaller than those that are known by size of club.
4	This place was happening the night we were there.  Go outside the balcony and get a great view of Vegas at night!  It was fantastic.  I had so much fun here, they were playing hip hop and mainstream music, some old school as well.  The dance floor was always crowded and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  I danced the entire night until I can't dance no more.  Its interesting though when someone spilled a drink or broke a glass, someone came a few minutes to sweep the floor.  I thought that was funny.  We saw LMFAO there.  It was an awesome night and what a way to end our very last night in Vegas.  If it wasn't for our early flight the next day, we would've stayed longer.  It was a blast!
5	Was in town on a Tuesday night, we had a reservation so we walked right in around 1130.  Our table was all ready to go and our server was really cool and on point all night.The place was pretty full when we got in, pretty good mix of people.  The music had more more a hip hop flavor, which was cool to me b/c that house stuff that some places play gets old in a hurry for me.
2	Same crowd as Rain...it just gets an extra star because the dj was playing better music and of course for the excellent Vegas view. Other than that this place sucks. People are rude...I'd figured that drunken Midwesterners would still have manners but that was not the case. Some girl spilled her wine all over some of the girls in our group and some big guy stepped on my friend's toe...nice!
4	great club! great music. great hosts and bartenders. i had a ton of fun there. the views from the balcony was breathtaking. get on the guestlist and you can save some money with free cover. it helps to bring some females too. girls = no cover. Moon is connected to Playboy so its kinda like getting into two clubs for the price of one. playboy opens first so we hung out there and then head upstairs to Moon after they opened. will definitely go back again.
3	When the roof top is open and the dance floor isn't packed, Moon is a fun place to go for a night out in Vegas. But if you go on a weekend, chances are you'll have very little room to dance and feel like you're over heating.The bartenders here are very nice and professional. Prices are on par with other clubs. Lots of table service and the view outside is nice.DJ plays decent music.
4	Still my favorite club in Vegas!  My 35th bday was a blast and so was this years pre-NYE.  Snoop Dogg was a complete surprise.  Great bartenders and wait staff, like Kim Martin! Only complaint was the line downstairs to let people in....it ridiculous and completely mismanaged (on Dec 30, 2010)...we were getting crushed by the crowds...that is the only reason why I cant give a perfect score.
5	Moon/playboy/ghostbar/rain is the perfect combo at palms. Make sure to get the pass to all 4 clubs so you can club hop if you want to change up flavors. You'll most likely end up here though, moon is insane. Huge dance floor, outside rooftop view of vegas [you can see ghost bar from there too], second floor lounge/bar area that overlooks the dance floor. Awesome memories here.My suggestion for a good night:- Pre-party at someone's room- Hit up ghost bar or playboy to get a few drinks and talk/chill- Dance your ass off at rain or moon the rest of the night
5	So...my first night at Vegas we were passed out by 2am ... that made me feel old. My second night at Vegas...I felt old at Surrender because everyone was so damn young. But I was not going to let that make me feel old. Tonight I was determined to stay up till 3am! Take that AGE! So after leaving Surrender we headed off to Marquee at Cosmopolitan but it was insanely crazy at Marquee so we didn't get in. We ended up going back to our hotel and hitting up Moon and I'm so happy we did. We arrived around 1am and got in for free. I loved the roofless dancefloor because it kept me nice and cool even though I was getting my dance cardio on! I loved the music, it was a great variety!! Plus everyone there was super fun and nice. I was having so much fun we didn't leave the club till 4:30am!! Heck yeah, I'm not old...I totally surpassed my 3am goal!
1	Given everyone's high expectations for Vegas nightlife, it was surprising to come across a club like this.  There's an elevator that takes you to the top, giving you the illusion of going to some exclusive, fancy venue.... But upon exiting the elevator -- hey, it's like you're at a Houston club all over again.  I'm talking about a square room, dance floor in the middle, minimal decorations, and way too many strobe lights.  I guess there was a view of the city, but it wasn't too impressive compared to other venues' views.If you're convinced to come here because they hand out free drink tickets like candy, just be forewarned that you will need a follow-up venue.  The amount of time it takes to chug those free, well drinks (made with liquor I have not seen since those good ol' undergraduate frat parties) is about all the time you will want to spend here.
4	We got in for free and didn't wait in line (again, thanks to www.cheapvegasclubs.com).  I liked the feel of the place and the go go dancer entertainment.  You could tell people were there to just have fun.  All the staff was friendly here.  The dance floor had comfortable, large tables for those who had the expensive bottle service and there were cheaper tables along side the windows just outside of the dance area.  The set up was good because the tables weren't in the way.  For those who didn't want to be all in the action, they had another bar out of the way.  The lines were really long, but the bartenders worked it out surprisingly fast.  I didn't stay very long but I definitely enjoyed it while I was there.  Once again, drinks are expensive but that's Vegas.
4	I went here with a group of guys for my friends bachelor party.  We got bottle service and had a great time.  The service was awesome, someone was alway around willing to help. The only thing that was so-so was the music, it seemed inconsistent.  The music seemed to really take off around 3-4 AM.
4	A great club and an alternative to the Strip. Since the Palms has a number of other quality clubs inside you can go to between them all in the night. Moon had a great patio with a lovely view of the city. The two levels of the club had two different but fun feels. With table service on the lower level surrounding the dance floor, if you have the hook up you can take a load off and relax on the couches in between the dancing. The music was hype and the atmosphere was fun.
3	Too crowded! I'm 4'11" and I kept getting elbowed in the head by these nordic women freaking jersey shore wannabe's! LOL! Music was good though!Great vibe there! Just too many people to enjoy it.  It was raining so we didn't get to experience the open dance floor. We paid $40 pp for a pass that got us into rain, ghost bar, playboy lounge, and moon for the entire night!
4	Moon is one of THE clubs to go to in Vegas. It's not super big but the views are why it's worth going to this place and it's the only club where the entire roof opens up to the Vegas night sky. Dance floor is reasonably sized but it can easily get over packed with posers and players but after a few drinks who cares. The Palms still attracts the beautiful people and the Moon gets its share. If you are able to score or pull a group together to share in the bottle service, do it on a nice warm night and ask for the outside tables. The only problem I have with Moon is that when you want to leave or when they clear everyone out for closing, there is always a claustrophobic mass that huddles around the elevators which are the only way for getting out and its a wait.
3	Very nice club in the upper level of the Palms. They seem to really promote this club as its shown in those "Camp Vegas" commercials on TV. Our group had a table by the dance floor, and had an awesome time. Also the view when you go out to the balcony is a very nice touch.
5	crowded but not overly crowded: checkgood music i can dougie to, jerk to, bump and grind to, booty to, swag to, and white girl dance to: checkgood looking people: checkbig dance floor: checkgo-go dancers that actually dance: checkindoor and outdoor club: checkroof that opens over the dance floor: checkawesome and good looking bartenders: checkgood bathroom service: checkaccess to playboy club: checkcreepers on the dance floor: checkeverything i could ever ask for in a vegas club to have the time of my life :)thank you moon!
4	The last time I was here was on a weeknight.  It was whatevers.  This time I came on a weekend.  It was much more fun!  I don't remember much of the music because I was drinking a lot with my friends outside of the place.  We had a blast!   I'd definitely come back...on a weekend.
5	I'd really just like to say "Fucking. Excellent." and leave it at that, but you guys deserve to know why.The dj was excellent, the drinks were strong, quickly delivered and (for Vegas) well priced. You can have a great time without springing for bottle service, no one tells you to get off of whatever surface your dancing on. Just enough fog machine to create an ambience, and an AMAZING view for when you're sick of that. It's big enough to wander around in, but not so big that you'll lose your friends forever. If you're in Vegas, this is worth you time, energy, cash, and hangover.
4	Went to moon on a Tuesday night after a couple of drinks at ghostbar. Got there around 1 and there was still a decent size line but it moved fast, it wasn't manned by douchebag bouncers that slowly selected people to get in, was essentially a line of people waiting to get on an elevator. The club itself is nice, acceptable, not amazing. The view is cool but better appreciated at ghostbar where it isn't so packed and you can take it all in. The roof opening up is cool but almost goes a bit unnoticed if there isn't a breeze. Music was good for the most part, and was surprised Dj jazzy Jeff was spinning since it's 2011 not 1996. Overall great club with unpretentious staff and crowd. -1 because the dance floor is packed and caged in by VIP tables so it's hard to get off of and waiting in line for elevator to leave although the ride down was fun because everyone was rowdy.
5	My favorite club! Going here makes all the other places I've been seem kinda lame. Covers a little pricey if you don't get the VIP passes while walking the strip during the day...but it's worth every penny. the atmosphere is unlike any other club in vegas, the music is amazing, and you can see the entire strip from the outside portion of the club.
5	For goodness' sake, it's on the top floor of the Palms (or near it - I can never remember for obvious reasons) and the roof over the dance floor opens up like Cowboys Stadium.5 stars for effort. Oh yeah, the music is good too, and worse comes to worst, I can play some table games at Playboy a level down.
3	Moon on Top of the PalmsLV: StripThursday April 22, 20113 Stars.Great Club Atmosphere.The View was Great.Security was dancing.The Bass was pumping.But all the girls were either surrounded by a gang of guys or a bunch of seas turtles.
1	If youre a girl, you can get vip access no matter what.  Its a nice venue however the few times I've been here (which btw I'll never come back again) is very very nonmixed.. So I guess it wasnt for me.  Lots of old folks there turns me off completely.  This old friggin hag dropped her drink on the dance floor, it shattered and glass cut my leg up and my friends. Believe me it was pretty bloody. Shes lucky I got held back I was gonna deck that hag. Damn trying to drink and get freaky? Dumbass.  And there is like an endless wait to get on the elevator!!! The place is pretty dead also. I always wait and wait, and it never cracks. Shit dies down at 1:30am lolz. Go to xs or tao or marquee. Avoid the palms.
3	I have been here a number of times.Each time I come here, I don't pay for anything.I will come back if my friends drag me here again.Moon is alright, but it is not one of my favorite clubs in Vegas.
2	it's sad because i subscribe to the "if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all" mindset and the Palms was kind enough to grant me and my friends VIP entry to all venues for free... but....here is my honest review....the slow decline of a once popular spot...is a depressing sight to see...Moon sadly did not deliver the last time we were there (about 3 weeks ago).  ON A FRIDAY NIGHT!!!the views remain the breathtaking but sadly the crowd has gone to hell and back in a camel toe'd bootie short. ugh.first and foremost...the palms USED to be the spot.now it is just "a" spot.moon used to have some bit of exclusive air about it.used to attract a good looking good vibing crowd but ever since news got out that management had changed, all of a sudden that little spark/fire that made the palms so alluring...fizzled out to a poof of ash and smoke...yeah we went to moon and the first thing we saw was a really really really unattractive woman with her palms flat on the floor and her bulbulously large bootie in black spanks waving in the air...(ugh puke in me mouf)...then probably within about 4 seconds the drunk retardo guys started to hit on my girlfriend and our other friend...it felt like we had stumbled into a dirty seedy GHHHHHHETTO vegas that i have not been exposed to in many years...upon scanning the patio to figure out where to chill and regroup i saw another woman....with her back on the dirty, wet patio floor and her legs up in the air, waving them like she just don't care... spread eagle... at which point i turned to my lady and we plotted our exit strategy...yeah.... getting out was an arduous task to say the least...seas of ghetto thuggish crack dealers swarmed all pathways out and i even brushed up against a guy's HANDGUN UNDERNEATH HIS COAT which was CLIPPED TO THE INSIDE OF HIS PANT...of course that's always nice...going to a club where the patrons bring their guns!yeah it was a feverishly fast escape.and we made it out alive....and even upon exiting, i WAS NOT tempted to EVEN GAMBLE...and if you know me...YOU KNOW I LOVE TO THROW THE DICE!!! :( sadlytrolling the various open craps tables only yielded dead energyand droves of lifeless clones... :( time to hit the Cosmopolitan...sad to see the once ever-so-bright Moon, so ECLIPSED!!!
3	Came here with some friends to the VIP bottle service area, which was great, but kind of empty.  There were also 3 random older ladies sitting next to us...which I have no idea why they were there.  The dancefloor was fun (music only), but the people were old and ugly and grungy... pretty gross.  I'd definitely suggest going elsewhere, unless you have bottle service.
3	I don't have enough information to complete a full review of this venue but from the short experience I did have it was alright.. Easiest way to get into this club is through the help of a promoter and this will give you free admission and a much shorter entry line.. After passing security and the cashier you enter an elevator that takes you to the Playboy Club, then you take an escalator up another floor to the Moon Nightclub.. Since the music was more urban than my friends liked we didn't stay for the long, and the crowd wasn't exactly our scene.. The things that I did like about Moon were the large floor space, the good spread of bars, and the amazing view of Vegas from their outdoor patio.. I may need to return here sometime to get a better feel for the place
2	Although I would like to give more stars....here's the good, bad, and the ugly.1) View: Hands down...can't argue being on the roof of a hotel right?2) If you show up around 10pm, they only allow you up to the Playboy club (which is more lounge than club that has some gambling)...but don't expect any Hef's bunnies working at night.   We weren't told that Moon does not make their club available until 11pm so you're pretty much just standing around the perimeter of the lounge which isn't that exciting and who wants to just stand around and drink for an hour in mood lighting?  Although its on the pros if you don't want to dance, here's option #2 with a view. :)3) Dance floor wasn't overly packed which is nice.....but the crowd? I don't know what was going on but seemed that anybody was allowed in.  Apparently they really needed the business that night....or perhaps there's just too much competition elsewhere.  4) Nice open area but would have been nice if they had some type of patio where you can walk outside (so to speak) but the security just kept walking around flashing their lights when it wasn't even that packed.  Overall I don't think I would ever go back, but nice to check it out at least once.  Good thing we had backup plan B. Oh, and for a $8 bottle of redbull, I should have just ordered liquor.  WTH?
5	Yes.Just go here.With the Playboy club (read: bunnies) downstairs, the balcony with a great view and a cool breeze, the roof that opens to reveal the moon (tada!), the fun dance music, attractive boys and girls...So, yes.Some tips:-- Get table service.  The line to get in is ridic and starts wrapping around the casino at like 10pm.  No one should drink for 8 straight hours.  Grab 4 friends and split a bottle.  You'd probably spend that money at the bar anyway. You'll also appreciate having somewhere to sit and a slave to serve you.-- They will throw you out if they find you crying/napping/throwing up in the bathroom. I spent 45 very confused drunken minutes looking for a missing friend.-- Bring extra double-sided tape.  You'll get very sweaty and you'll start wondering why guys are throwing casino chips at you...(because your bewbs are showing)
4	Perfect views of the strip. We knew a promoter so we got in to all 4 venues at the Palms free of charge, but we spent most of our time at Moon. Bars inside are overpriced (as always) but very quick.  I don't remember his name, but one of the bartenders there is a BEAST! He was flipping cups, throwing bottles, doing tricks... made it very entertaining while waiting for our drinks.  Especially when you've already had a few... :) The music was great.  Towards the beginning of the night, the music was a bit older, and the crowd was a bit older.  But as the night went on, the "top 40s" type music came on, the crowd became younger and younger.  The outside patio area became my home at this club.  Helped me avoid becoming a sweaty mess with the cool night air, and the people outside were hilarious.  This one girl at one of the bottle service tables was dancing like a fool and we were laughing at her all night.  HAHA! At least she had a good time.  They also have stairs where you can go up a bit higher and see the strip view.  I had a small problem with a guy who seemed to not want to leave us alone.  But hey, it's Vegas. The creeps swarm clubs looking for some booty. He finally got the picture that a) I wasn't going to dance with him, b) He wasn't going to get any, and c) I didn't want him around... so he eventually left.  Don't accept free drinks without expecting some backlash, ladies.  Bathrooms aren't much of an issue (thank goodness) and the line moves quickly.  My only complaint?  Getting OUT of this club.  Everyone seems to swarm the elevators, and they only have two.  Since I'm a girl, I just pushed my way to the front and security let us on in the next elevator... but if you have any kind of claustrophobia you won't enjoy that part.  Oh, and once you get down, you have to wait in an even LONGER line for a cab.  People in line were very entertaining (since pretty much everyone was intoxicated) but be careful - people try and cut in line.  We caught some two girls trying to be sneaky and get in front of us. Not happening!  I had a good time here, I just don't like being away from the strip.  It was an awesome experience, though.
5	Let me start this off by saying I am not the clubbing type, but when one thing leads to another sometimes you end up in places like this. It was a Thursday night and I was helping to celebrate a friends Bachelor party and I had no clue we were going to an actual club, the night started at the MGM where 2 of us were meeting the rest of the group and when we did we got word that one of the group members from out of state that happens to be a very successful business owner from Houston was on his way in the Goliath Limo to pick us up. As far as I had been told we were hitting a bar or 2 and getting some drinks and playing it cool. Well that was not what our friend had planned. First stop, Moon. Keep in mind I was in Blue jeans, a black T-shirt and my chuck Taylor's, as I was standing at the booth downstairs I mentioned to our friend that the two of us that were not dressed up would go play tables and wait for the rest of the guys to come out. That is when I realized how money driven Las Vegas really is. Our friend talked the guy at the door payed for VIP and the guard stamped my hand and stopped the other line and lead us to our Booth on the patio/moon deck. I have to say I was still shocked that I was in the club in my street clothes and because of the money spent the security guards hung at our booth and brought groups of ladies to the bachelor and offered to get rid of them and get a new group if necessary. Not only was the security awesome, the music was spot on and mixed very very well, the waitress was awesome, she kept our drinks full all night and never made a pass by our table without checking on the entire group. All of the staff was amazing and took very good care of us and made sure we had a great time until we departed for our next destination.
5	I'm not going to lie, I went here 2 days in a row because it was always cracking. Especially with the view omg and your just feeling that buzz and it's just you and the good music. What else can you ask for. I've had good memories in this place and done things I thought I would of never done in a good way of course. It's not really crowded either but enough people to make it cracking. The best part are their shots. yeah it's $14 but the shot glasses are huge! It seems like there's 3 shots in one. Drink 2 of those and you'll be done. Take 3-4 to have a "hangover" experience. I really like this place and I will for sure go here again next time I go to Las Vegas. =)
5	-Truely a 5 star event-this place is known as one of the top clubs in Vegas, so glad I got to check it out-Got a sweet deal, $15 admission with a discounted thing I found online.  Entrance to Playboy Club and Ghostbar as well.-DJ Jazzy Jeff happened to be there that night spinning. It was cool to see him.-The VIEW is spectacular, I mean seriously- It is.  You are on the 52nd floor of the Palms and get the best view of Las Vegas.-Lots of hot ladies here, out and about.  Some were regular hot girls, some were drunk whores and some were prostitutes.  Hopefully most guys can tell, lol.-Didn't get table service but the drinks were good. Vodka Soda was on point.  Saw some people balling it out, getting bottles of Grey Goose and red bull. They did look like they were having the time of their life on the roof.-Loved, loved this place.  The music was great.  Jazzy Jeff was playing alot of current stuff, also mixed in some nice R. Kelly songs.  It was awesome.-Loved the layout of the club too, sort of shiny, Moon-esque and silvery inside. It looked great.-I will definitely come back next time I am in Las Vegas.Normal admission on weekdays is $20, on FRIDAY and SATURDAY nights it is $40.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDurjvODLso&feature=plcpViews from Moon outside that I took with the camera.
4	I always find myself going to The Palms when in Vegas. I love their clubs. It may be off strip but it's easy to get to, via cabs, and there's 3 fun clubs to check out. Moon is probably one of my favorite clubs to go to. I'm a big fan of clubs with an outdoor. With seriously sweaty and sticky bodies, there has to be somewhere you go to to get some cool air. And granted you're in Vegas so the air isn't that cool, but it is refreshing regardless. Sitting on the roof top of one of the Palms tower adjacent to Ghost Bar, Moon steals the show with their awesome DJs and spectacular view of the strip. This club is so big I always find myself getting lost. One day, I will find my way to the bathroom without circulating the whole club! Check out Moon. Get on a list. If you're a girl you should never pay for a club in Vegas.
4	You get in line and ride up an elevator and 50-something floors later, you can see the whole strip right before your eyes. That view alone is worth the trip out to Moon. Because the Palms is so far off the Strip and so high off the ground, you get the most breathtaking view in Vegas!As far as the club goes, it's OK at best. I didn't hate it, but I don't think I would choose it over some of the other nightclubs Vegas has to offer. DJ spining that night played mainly hip-hop and top 40 which is the opposite of the house music they played at Rain.We got bottle service here, and bottles and table prices were a little cheaper then typical prices of other higher tier clubs on the Strip. Hennessy goes for $425, which isn't a bad deal.  What's also nice with bottle service is that they give you VIP access to Rain, Playboy, and Ghostbar. After we got bored at Moon, we were inside Rain within 5 minutes.Overall, Moon is worth a trip to. What I love about the Palms is that it's such a great party hotel with multiple clubs and different genres. If we weren't about to navigate between Moon and Rain, I would have rated the venue 3 stars but because of the view and all access, i recomened getting bottle service at any of the clubs at the Palms.
3	Not a bad club, but not on par with others in town.  It is dark and loud and crowded.  The walkways around the dance floor are narrow and tough to navigate.  The crowd was decent and music was as well.  Don't go out of your way for Moon, but pay a visit if you go to Playboy below it.
5	So this review MIGHT be a bit biased because my group of 20something people got the VIP treatment for my birthday because I know one of the people who works there. BUT this is honestly one of the BETTER/BEST clubs I've been to in Las Vegas. For the VIP booth we got a bottle of Jack Daniels and Kettle One vodka. There's a really big selection of alcohol to choose from, which is really nice. They give you a plethora of juices, sodas, and lemons and limes for our drinks. Since we had a booth, we pretty much had our own dance floor because we were allowed to dance on the stage surrounding our booth. Oh, there's also a little pole for our enjoyment as well. ;) So instead of dancing with nasty, sweaty, gross guys, we got to dance with our group of friends. The staff assigned to our table were really, very attentive. John was THE BEST guy to get. He's amazing, and made sure I had THE BEST time for my birthday. I got two shots of patron on the house. ;)The bar tenders were also amazing. We ordered a bunch of shots and let me tell you, these weren't shots but more like drinks in themselves. FUCK YEAH! And they were strong! Honestly though, if you're celebrating a birthday, go to Moon at the Palms. It'll be a night you'll never forget. Well, you might forget because you'll be drunk. But you know what I mean. Haha!DEFINITELY going back to Moon again and again!
4	DJ Jazzy Jeff...nuff said...people wanna know what he's doing these days??  He's ROCKING THE ROOF OFF OF CLUBS!!  I always thought DJ Premier was the best club DJ out there, but Jazzy Jeff goes hard in the paint for real.  This place has a fly-looking dance floor..the dance room in the back lights up, and has ceiling to floor windows that offer a panoramic view of the Las Vegas strip.  The drink prices are the same as everywhere else...they were a little light in the booze department, but whatever..I pre-game before I head out anywho..I didn't wait in line..so I can't tell how the wait was..my job has some perks :)  This place is definitely not a sausage fest..like a 10-1 female/male ratio..I love Vegas :-)  The Palms is definitely a good look..I'll be sure to hit this place up upon my return to Las Vegas..
4	My friends and I went here on our first night in Vegas...we got in for free.  I like the music...the night that we went they were playing older music which was a nice blast to the past.  Since the club is on the top floor of the Palms, they open up the roof which was really neat, and you get a nice blast of fresh air.The negative part about this club is that it IS on the top floor so in order to leave you have to wait in line for an elevator.  I've seen plenty of lines to get INTO a club, but this is the first time in my life that I've seen a line to get OUT of a club.
4	I have to admit, I'm impressed with Moon. As a vegas local... I hate clubs around here, but Moon wasn't all that bad. The DJ was really good and played good songs. it was nice going to a club and being able to listen to a nice chunk of a song for more than 10 seconds before the next song comes into play. Although there was alot of people, it wasn't shoulder-shoulder packed. It was nice having room to move, walk, dance, do whatever... and the outside balcony was a big plus. Whats better than good music, dancing, and enjoying the view all at the same time? The views were amazing. Waiting for the elevator part sucked, but it was worth it.
4	Dear Moon, I've been having a secret love affair with the Ghost Bar, but since you rock too, can't we all just get along with some sort of trifecta relationship? I love that you have a small outdoor patio like the Ghost Bar and that you were playing great fucking music all night long. I haven't danced that hard in YEARS! I nearly had shin splints the next day but I didn't give a flying f*ck because your DJ tore it up!! Your guests were kind enough to let us take over their table, you stayed open till the wee hours of the morning that had me in bed by the time I should have been wearing my polarized vampire shades. Thank you! Sincerely, Mrs. Twilight
3	The Palms is totally lame but compared to the few other clubs I've been to, this one isn't that bad.The music is decent and it's small enough that it feels busy. People actually dance unlike most clubs where people go to be seen and text the whole time. It's not trying to be the "it" club like everything at City Center and you don't get stuck in a 2 hour line trying to get in. Some of the people are a little too old to be dancing to Chris Brown at a club in business attire but, to each their own. HOWEVER!! You have to take an elevator ride up to the top floor to access the club and my group and I had to wait about 10 minutes for the elevator in order to leave the club at the end of the night. I was dizzy and tired and just wanted to leave. I have no clue what the hold up was but whatever.
5	I hit this place up every time I'm in vegas which of late has been once a month.  It helps that one of my favorite girls/promoters works this venue and I never wait in line or pay a cover.  The music is good a good mix of hip hop and top 40 and I like the fact that you can go outside and enjoy the spectacular view!  Go to the bar in the back with the tatted bartender he makes great strong drinks...just remember to tip well :)
2	Stopped by Moon late on a Thursday night to meet up with some friends. There was no line and no wait which was cool but kinda weird. $20 cover charge. We took the elevator up and were greeted with hip-hop as soon as the doors opened, dope. The place was packed, which was unexpected from the lack of a line below. The crowd varied in age and everyone seemed to be having a good time. Then the hip-hop stopped and it all went down hill. They played a bunch of house, forever. I usually like house, but I guess I have a threshold for the onslaught of douchebaggery that results.The club set-up was nice though. We walked over to the outside and got a nice view of the strip. That was the most memorable part of the evening. I don't think I'd come back here unless I knew who was DJing beforehand.
3	Pretty bumpin club. Been here about 5 times. More mainstream music sometimes will bust out some old beats. They have a retractable roof. Decent eye candy.. ahem. It's a lot smaller than Rain and Ghost Bar.Cool feature is you can go to the top balcony and see the city.I wouldn't actually pay to come here though.
4	I've been to Moon a few times and my experiences been good and okay but never bad. I absolutely love the view! The line can seem long because the only way to get to Moon is via elevator so obviously everyone has to wait for the loading and unloading process. Moon is not that big so walking through the crowds can get annoying but no different than most clubs. The retractable roof is pretty cool...offers a nice view of the moon and some ventilation. The music is fun!
3	this place was dead on a friday night... they had roped off empty vip tables so there was no where to sit... the only reason it gets 3 stars is because the view on the balcony is superb!
4	I'm going to be honest. The main reason I'm giving Moon four stars is because of the music they played. I was here as part of a combined bachelorette/bachelor party (I know.) and I have never danced so hard at a club. The music was off the hook - a great mix of throwbacks and new beats, with recognizable party music that everyone in my group screamed the lyrics to and danced their ass off to. The retractable roof thing was pretty cool. The lasers were pretty cool. The view was beautiful. The drink I had was strong. The music was BY FAR the best part of Moon. PROPS.
3	Great views and retractable roof. Now that's kinda cool! Music wasn't bad, only one elevator to take you up to the club.
5	this is my third favorite dance club in the WORLD.  which is saying something since my first two are tito's in mallorca, spain and bliss in saint martin.  the retractable roof is really awesome and the effect is cool when they turn on the smoke machines.  the music is good, it's not too hard to get a drink and for las vegas, it's not horribly pretentious.  good music and an excellent sound system make for a great time!
4	Great club, Great music, Great scenery!!! One of my fave Vegas Clubs!
4	I always have the best fun here.  I took all my friends from Sydney Australia here and they just had a blast!  I think the fact that I can actually move my body to the music is what makes a difference every time.  Sure, people like the packed sardine kind of clubs, but I actually need a balance of both.  It can be packed but not so packed that I can't move.The bartenders are nice enough but you'll find a handful of hotties who look hot on the outside but inside, they look like they want to punch the living daylights out of all the customers.  Understandable since everyone's just not in the right frame of mind after the company of Gray Goose, Patron, Jack Daniels, etc.It's definitely still a good club to visit if you are craving to shake your booty.
2	I came here on a Friday night and remember being terribly bored.  A big part of the allure of Vegas clubbing for me is the venue, and the venue here is mediocre at best.
4	I was planning on going to Ghost bar the night I came to Moon, but at least last minute, I decided I just had to see what Moon was all about. I'm so glad I did because it was really the best time I might have had all weekend. I really liked the layout of the place, and right when you hop off the elevator you are in the club. The bartenders were nice, the music was great, and the views are spectacular!
3	We visited this club right after visiting the playboy club.  The club is huge with different rooms including an outdoor roof top. The views were beautiful just like the decor. However, we couldnt deal with the techno music and the crowd was a lot younger for our taste. We took some pics and moved on to the next spot.
3	Ive always had fun at Moon in the past. This time it was Meh. We had bottle service with a two for one deal...but got tax and tip for both bottles. Our server Laurie was super. The club was NOT packed the night we went which was pretty nice not to have to push and shove your way through anywhere. Our super nice hostess also escorted us to a table on the floor when one cleared out. She also told is that since we did not finish our bottles that we could take the liquor home with us..if we were escorted by security and that they would provide a town car to take us to our hotel. Once we were out of the club the security guy junior says we have to pay for the limo back to our hotel...Not a cool switcheroo. I am going to wait awhile before going back.
5	Love love love this place! The vibe is awesome, the music is awesome, the rooftop is awesome, and the hot trumpet player is awesome. I really have nothing bad to say about this club. I would suggest getting on the guestlist so that you can get into ghostbar, playboy club, and moon for free and you can bypass the line.  The doorman was even cool. Will definitely be returning during my next visit to Vegas.
3	The coolest feature this nightclub has is its open-ceiling view of the night sky that can be seen while dancing inside.  Laser lights and smoke add to the effect of the name, moon (though all nightclubs share that similarity.  If you get tired of being inside all night, there is an outdoor patio area where you can hang out with friends & see awesome views of the Las Vegas Strip all lit up.
4	Friday night we hit up all the clubs at the Palms.  I had never been to any of them so here we go...Moon.  Not very busy. good music. drink prices normal. great staff. overall, i did have a good time because i was with my girls and was dancing and to me that was all the mattered.
5	My favorite-est club in Vegas. It's so much fun!! The music is great and the place it self is amazeballs. It's connected to the playboy club so do yourself a favor and go to the downstairs bar to get a drink since the bars on the main floor are usually crowded. And the retractable roof is just cherry on top of the Sundae. The only annoying thing is that it's not on the strip. But every time we go there we take a limo and have a grand ol' time on the way drinking and screaming out the window.
5	8.13.11: A fun place with a great view! The music was right and the people were just doing their own thang. Great place to get the party started and dance the night away!
4	Pauly D! Pauly D! If it weren't for the videos taken of me and my friends that night, I might have forgotten that we saw the quasi-celeb at the club.  Since I went on one of those weekends when someone famous was there, my review might be different than those who went with a regular DJ.    So to cut to the chase- i had fun.  The venue is nice! The place was packed, but it might have been due to the infamous fist pumper manning the tables that night.  I might even say that the bouncers are super nice too!  Also, we got these wristbands to get in quick/fast/no wait and they really honored the wrist band and let us right in.  No separate waiting line, either.  What's kind of weird was that when we went, there was no line, just a huge crowd standing there, around the entrance and the bouncers.Other than that, I had a GREAT time.  The bar wasn't crowded, but the dance floor was but I think it's because of Pauly D.
4	This place is great if you are a playboy lover like I am but it's really not as big ad most Vegas clubs though which is why I gave it 4 stars. The retractable roof is awesome though.
2	If you are looking for a reason to hate Vegas go here. Not only were the bartenders slow, but the drinks were slower and tiny in size. The music was all horrible rap (not that I don't like rap, I listen often to it and this just was poorly chosen tunes) The gogo dancers were disgusted with the music as well. One proven way to tell if the music sucks is to just watch the dancers. It sucked! I've never become so tired so fast in Vegas. Maybe it's just the sign of the times.
4	A very good club that plays great music. Not too crowded when we went on a Friday night. We had table reservations and were quickly directed and walked upstairs to Moon. The dance floor was crowded, but there is ample space to walk around in the club and you are served quickly at the bars. (Go to the back bar for faster service). The dance floor is in the middle of the club and there are tables all around it. I saw some uplifts where people were dancing and I wanted to dance there too, but since they were behind the tables, I wasn't sure if I could climb up. At first, the DJ was mixing weird music...he'd go from hip hop to classic rock to techno and it was really throwing off me getting into my dancing groove, but later he eased up on the mid-music switching. My friends and I were celebrating a birthday and we got bottle service at one of the back tables (on the perimeter of the club, not by the dance floor). The service was excellent and they have great deals - we got a "buy 1 bottle, get 1 free" of Smirnoff vodka and Bacardi rum. The promoter walked us to our table and even gave my birthday friend a free birthday shot. The service at the tables was very very excellent. We had two servers who were attentive to us all night. We didn't leave until 4 am. One server even brought out a martini glass of marichino cherries for us to eat because my friend asked for some. The servers were indeed very patient. My drunk friend asked for a martini glass because she saw that others had some. He brought her one and asked her what she wanted to drink. She said "pineapple juice". He happily poured her a glass and even came back to refill it later. I thought that was very nice of him to be patient with us idiots. The layout and design of the club is not as trendy as some of the new places (Tao, XS). I'd say the interior is very similar to Jet in the Mirage. My friends and I had a great time though, and if it wasn't so far off the strip, I'd definitely go again.
5	Cool place.  Good music, not too crowded, and they have a retractable roof.Tip: make sure to check in your coat as soon as you get in.  If you don't, you'll have to stand in a long line downstairs at Playboy to do it!
3	I heard how great this place was but honestly, I didn't think it was all that special. I didn't really feel like I was in Vegas other than the fact they have a gorgeous view of the Strip from outside. The actual club itself was pretty standard. The music was okay, kind of a mix of top 40s/hip hop/house. Sadly, they didn't open up their retractable ceiling when we were there. I'm guessing because it was seriously freezing, like literally 0 degrees Celsius. So I probably wouldn't come expecting that if you're here during the winter. I don't think it's really worth coming back here. Plus it's pretty far from everything else since it's at Palms off the strip, but it makes for a great fun long limo ride!
4	Best music out of all the clubs in the Palms. They retracted the roof and it fake snowed on us... um ya, that was cold and annoying. No seating cause all seats are available by reservation only- even if they're all empty you cannot sit down! But besides that the club was fun, we stayed here the most of the other clubs.
5	An incredible place to be on new years eve! As you can tell from looking at the pictures, the views from Moon are incredible. You can see all of Las Vegas while dancing your butt off! The dance floor was huge and the music was amazing. A great mix of old and new school, hip hop and R&B. The staff was also incredibly friendly No doubt about it, this was the best nightclub I have ever been to. I can't think of another place I would have rather been this new years!
4	This club holds A LOT of memories for me, and I must say that this club gave me a few of my BEST nights in town. The interior isn't as extravagant as your LV Boulevard clubs, but their music selection is awesome! A 5 star mix of hip hop and top 40s here. I must admit some long forgotten songs have been played here numerous times, and I had to make sure I remember them for future downloads in my ipod. The crowd here isn't that crazy, and best believe that when it gets a little hot in tthhuuurr the retractable roof opens up, and there you are, dancing in the moonlight, just like you've always wanted. There are two floors. The second floor consists of a bar and a line for VIP tables, but it's great to grab a cocktail from up there, and mingle with friends while you look at the crazy scene from down below. It's an experience for sure. If you're looking for a club that holds something of good value. It would be the awesome top floor residency of this club because it holds one of the best views of Vegas. Moonlight dancing? Awesome top floor view? How could you say no. Thank you bouncers for putting up with my drunk shinanigans all those nights that I've gotten hammered. Exchanging a few laughs with me, and even remembering who I am a few times is what we call a whole new friendship. From a local club hopper to a bouncer. Thank you.
5	5 BOTTLESOH BOY was we STUNTIN in the VIP...yea we kept the place jumping, representing that YAY AREA....MOON is Sick Wid It, love this place, love the view, Service was excellent..What up "AB", thanks for taking care of us...Music was perfect all night.  we all left the club "LIT".  stumbling, now that's a party.  Dance Floor stayed packed all night..Great Time
2	Ditto on my review of Rain and Playboy
4	Came to Moon 2 times, once in October & once in January.October's visit was lots of fun - warm weather so outdoor rooftop was poppin' & inside dance floor was bumpin'. My girlfriends and I did bottle service outside & staff was attentive & friendly. Spy on Vegas took our pictures like a hundred times which was cool. Did a lot of socializing and met some pretty awesome people. The view was beautiful, too!January's visit was also fun, but being hungover still from the night before, not so fun! I tried hard to fight through it, though, with some more drinking, & Christina Milian performed which was fun. She has an awesome voice, who knew! LOL. It was really cold here in January so didn't go outside, just stayed on the main floor at a table. Pros:-No lines-No cover-Fast service-Good musicCons:-Young, young, young guys
3	Club was fairly standard, but the view of the city was amazing on the 53rd floor, although the one drawback of this is the fact that once you look outside, you realize how far you really are from The Strip.  That and the fact that we had very favorable weather conditions, otherwise, going outside would have been an absolute nightmare.Other than the location of the club, everything about this club screams "decent, but unspectacular" which, incidentally, is a very significant accomplishment for the Palms.
5	Awesome!!! The view outside was just amazing, it's hard not to just sit out there and stare out mindlessly at Vegas Strip...The details and lights are very creative as well, I just love the ambiance!!! I would love to go there again, and again...just have plenty of moo-lah on you!!
4	This is a favorite in all the world. Everytime i come back after being elsewhere I dig it. Sometimes the roof opens and you see the moon or stars which in vegas is kinda hard to do if your not in the desert. Great dance floor and the outdoor areas are fine in a super fine way - its the plexiglass you can see all of vegas thru - plus the crowds always fun.
5	We went here during a bachelor party in March.  All I can say is WOW.  The view is incredible, you can walk out on to the balcony and see all of Las Vegas.  The club is on the smaller side, but that did not take away form the fun.  We got bottle service here and it is like night and day getting bottle service in Las Vegas over my home town Atlantic City.  The bouncer was there every time watching over us, they kept our tables free of drunks trying to sit down and would walk us to the restrooms when it got too packed.  Halfway through the night, the dancers rolled out flashing glasses and foam bars and the club was lit up in neon colors.  The waitress was back every few minutes to check up on who needed drinks.  At one point towards the end of the night my friend fell through the table and they set the whole thing back up even though we told them not to worry about it.  The host was extremely friendly and even took care of us the night before.  He got us 5 bottles for the price of 3 even with 10 guys.  Make sure you take care of all the staff and they will take care of you!
4	"It's was pretty cool! There were gogo dancers!!!"my boyfriend seems to like it.
4	This is a high energy, fun spot that has something for everyone. "It's cool! They have GoGo dancers so how bad can it be!!!"The roof is cool when they open it to see the stars beaming down on the dance floor. If you have a seizure disorder this not a place to frequent unless you have taken your meds. Stay around late enough and the light stick are coming out, face glows and pounding bass--what a great time.
5	This is what I've always imagined a Las Vegas dance club would be like. Lots of people packed close and tight, bright lights flashing colors here and there, and a DJ who is hip enough to add some "classics" like Sir-Mix-a-lot and Salt and Peppa to the standard top 40 hits. (ugh, that hurt a lot to refer them as classics, I'm not that old...am I??). There is also a nice outside section where you can dance the night away and a balcony to watch the vibrant crowd below. Loved it!
5	I had an EXCELLENT time at Moon with my friends. First off, the DJ was resident Clinton Sparks and he was throwing a party for himself while we were there. He was great! Top 40 mix with hip hop added. We got hooked up with BOGO bottle service for 4 people and comped admission to all the other Palms clubs that night. We didn't get a chance to venture out, because we were having a way better time at Moon.The bottles were 425 + tax and gratuity. Such a good deal since it was bogo. Our promoter Jamaal Rouzan was great! The table was off the dance floor, and our waitress was great, she was always quick to be there to pour us drinks with a smile, and even danced the night away with us at one point. The bus boy was also great and gave me this flashy light thing :)I even got the bouncer to do a little bop and fist pump at one point! The table was very large considering it was the 4 of us. At one point 6 of our friends joined us and there was PLENTY of room for them to sit as well! So much better than being crammed in Marquee -_-;;;Although this is a smaller club, I enjoyed my time here much better than I did in the ultra packed Marquee. People are just much friendlier, table service went off without a hitch. They even gave us a ton of free FIJI waters and the mixers were NOT diluted like the other clubs. I believe we also had 2 red bulls :)
5	This is the hottest club I've ever been to!! It makes you feel like a celebrity, seriously, who wouldn't want to party on the top of the Palms?! :)
4	I've been to this club a number of times in my five years of living in Vegas and thought I would review it. I actually went there last night for a friend's bachelor party. And before that I was there at a table with some friends during Memorial Weekend. This club has one of the best views of the strip, since it is on the top floor of the Palms Casino and is off the strip. It is called Moon since it has a balcony facing the east side with views of the I-15 expressway and the strip. The main dance floor actually has a roof that opens up as well adding to why the club is called Moon.This club is one of the few that is open on Sundays and Tuesdays. The music is a great mix of house meshed with top 40 and every DJ I've seen here occasionally drops in some fan favorite hip hop/rap songs. Last night I was at a table right next to the dance floor and DJ and it was an excellent spot. The table had a raised spot and there was a go go dancer directly behind us. There was also a higher spot at the same level as the go go dancer where we sat and chilled by our table. The last time I was here I saw ladies on top of that platform dancing and holding onto a railing, which also would give guys perks and plenty of eye candy for what they would want to see in a club. The club was kept clean, the servers, bussers, boucers, and hosts were friendly and on point. This is one of the older clubs, hence why I gave it 4 stars but I believe I heard the entire casino is going for a huge remodeling and this may also include the nightclubs. Therefore, I am definitely looking forward to coming back here after that is accomplished.
2	This was a while ago, so I don't know if it's gotten better.  But since it wasn't a good experience for me 4 years ago, why would I go back?  The table service was not great at all, honestly, I don't think I saw the server again until we cashed out after she delivered the bottle.  The music was so so, could have been better.  They did have a small casino area which was cool, the outdoor area to look out into the strip and the roof opening was a cool experience as well, but for me, after the gimmicks, it ends.  I can only go outside and see the roof open only so many times.  I will say, I did see a drunken basketball player walking around with a bottle and that was hilarious, but that's about it.
3	Having been to many clubs in Vegas, I didn't find Moon to be all that exciting. It's an older club, so a little on the small side compared to the larger clubs like Pure, Tao, etc. What sets Moon apart is the stunning view. We decided to have a few drinks and do some dancing, but I really wasn't feeling the music. The go-go dancers looked like they were on something, and the crowd was an interesting bunch, to say the least. After a while, I looked up and noticed the roof had retracted. It was a cute experience, but I'm not sure I'd return. I wasn't really feeling the music and the set up doesn't leave a lot of breathing room. However, the balcony was MUCH less crowded than Ghostbar with ample room to take in the view and enjoy an evening of drinks in the balmy Vegas weather.
4	We ordered bottle service for my friends bachelorette party. The booking was simple and cheaper than most other night clubs I had checked with. They escorted us up a private elevator and took such great care of us. The view was amazing.. Since the Palms is off the strip you can literally view the entire strip. Beautiful.The bride-to-be was so amazed she cried happy tears. We had a personal bartender making us drinks all night. While the tables are off the dance floor, nobody seemed to mind us dancing on couches. The retractable roof is really a lifesaver once the club gets heated. They could have played some more interesting music, but top 40 is standard.I would definitely visit again. Thanks Moon for an unforgettable night!
4	Beautiful view on the 53rd floor (?) at the Palms.Guest list = $0 cover charge, no line, and 2 free drinks!It was almost empty on Thursday night and it was midnight... not sure what was going on.+ dancefloor+ gogo dancers+ the view+ lounge- quite a drive from the strip- 40 minute traffic = 1.5 miles
4	Moon is by far my favorite Club in the Palms Empire. Due to the fact Rain plays the most God-awful music, it shouldn't be surprising. But I don't like Moon because Rain sucks.... I genuinely always have a good time (and a random lap dance) everytime I go.The best way to enjoy The Palms is to get the club hopper pass or have some cute girl in your party bat her eyes at a vulnerable bouncer.  Hey, those faux lashes are good for more then just decoration.  With the pass (or stamp) your wait in line is shorter.  Once you ascend up the elevator and escalator you are ready to party.Rather you are chilling in the bar area, dancing on the dance floor or enjoying the night air outside Moon has you covered. The music is always great (or is it by the time I make it here I'm drunk) and some guy decides to give me a lap dance.  I must have an inviting lap.Drinks are usual Vegas prices.  So, get as buzzed as possible in your room and order one drink once you arrived.  Hey Vegas is all about appearances.... one should appear to be spending money with wild abandon.  Keyword. APPEAR!
1	My friend and I were actually warned by our cab driver on the way to Palms that there were "a lot of weirdos" at Moon - we should have listened! The place was actually kind of trashy, in all senses possible. First, literally, there was trash and crap all over the floor, and I even had to kick a beer bottle out of my way so as not to fall over in my high heels. Not that there was any space to fall over because the club was SO FRIGGIN' PACKED. The ridiculously tiny dance floor was full of people grinding, groping, and making out. Seriously, I have never had to slap away so many man hands in one night. Gross. I felt like I was back at a high school dance, except the venue was not as appealing here. Really, the retractable roof was nothing interesting, and the music they played was way out of date. What years were they taking these "top 40" songs from, 1999?! We were outta that shiz in 20-30 minutes. Never again!
4	Good place to go to for clubbing without dealing with much trouble getting in. Each time I went to Moon, I waited a total of 5-10 minutes. The last time I went, I got us on one of the promoter's guestlist, which included free cover for guys before 12am.The setup of the club isn't bad, although it is a bit small. The view from the roof is pretty nice!The music isn't bad, although there were some random songs being played the last time I went. For the most part, I had fun on the dance floor with my friends.Both times I went, I never stayed super late so I'm not too sure how the crowd gets towards the end of the night. The main downside for me about Moon is that it's not right on the strip.
3	Wow... Moon (and The Palms in general) has definitely gone downhill since its glory days a few years ago.  Back then, it was a madhouse to get in, with lines out the wazzoo.. Now, not so much. Showing up at around 11:30, it was a breeze getting in. Not a good sign.  That early, the club was pretty much empty, with most people congregating on the outdoor patio. This is still a great view of Vegas, and on a nice night, it is pretty cool.  As the night progressed, the club did fill up. The music was surprisingly good, with a mix of hip hop and dance/EDM. However, it is still nowhere near what it used to be.. Oh well, that's Vegas for ya'!
4	If you want to go to Moon (or any venue at the Palms, like ghostbar or Rain), check out promoter Chris Hornak at www.freevegasclubpasses.com.  You sign up for his free guest list, and you're in.  My partner and I got in for free on a Tuesday night with no wait (although to be fair, there was no line at all when Moon opened at 11:00 PM.)  And I even got two free vodka well drinks!  They gave me a wristband with two little pull tabs.  You might have to pay cover if you went on a weekend.  I'm not sure if it would be worth paying a cover (I find almost nothing worth paying a cover.)  But it was definitely worth going for free!I'm not usually a nightclub sort of gal.  I'm more of a "read the guidebook for the city I'm visiting to learn about the local attractions" sort of gal.  My Vegas guidebook said that you should "dress to kill" when going to Moon, and I had a bit of what-do-I-wear? anxiety.  So I upped my ante as high about as it goes by wearing a little black dress . . . and flats.  But I needn't have worried -- there were plenty of well dressed people there, and plenty of girls in killer heels, but also plenty of (very) weirdly dressed people there, and plenty of girls like me in sensible shoes.  Lots of major hipsters, a couple of them a bit old to still be dressing like they ironically bought their clothes a size too small at the local Goodwill.I had a great time dancing, and the dance floor became crowded quickly, even on a Tuesday night.  The atmosphere feels a bit space-age, which is fun.  At one point the staff gave out these huge foam light-up glow sticks, that everyone was waving around.  It looked very cool!  Plus, drunks are fascinated by flashing, light-up things.The best part about Moon is the view from the outdoor patio.  It's lovely and cool with a breeze, even on a hot desert summer night.  And you can see the whole strip!  (The view may be slightly better from ghostbar, a lounge that's located on the other side of the Palms. I'm pretty sure you usually get a stamp that gives you admission to both clubs when you go to either one.)  Moon has a retractable roof, but they only opened it (briefly) once and then closed it back up again.  I'm not sure why.I didn't buy any drinks, because I'm cheap and I'm sure they were ridiculous Vegas club prices (and I got two free drinks anyway.)  Why would anyone pay $14 for a cocktail when you could work the penny slots at a nice casino and get one for a couple of bucks?
4	SO I've been to Moon twice now and it's really one of my favorite clubs in Vegas...wait what?! Yes you read that right, and here's why....-Great music! I can't stand house/techno music outside of the gym. It drives me crazy and I want to dance to some top 40/hip hop type of music and Moon always delivers that for me (on Friday nights anyways).-The crowd. Somehow the crowd at Moon is less pretentious then at places like XS. The vibe at moon is that of people who came to really just dance and party and have a good time, not just people who want to stand and be seen.-The view, freaking breathtaking and really you never get sick of it, one of my favorite Vegas memories happened on this patio with that view, but of course I can't tell you that because what happens in Vegas.... ;P-The bartenders don't skimp on the alcohol and the last time I was here they really hooked me and my girls up.As a disclaimer the two times I cme here I was staying at Palms Place so I can't speak on the worthiness of a cab ride but if you get a cabby who is cool and doesn't take you the long way to gyp you it seems worth it. So no, Moon isn't the prettiest club, but really if I wanted to look at something pretty I'd go to a friggin museum, just saying.
5	It was a fantastic place! with one of the best views of Las Vegas ever! Of course the drinks are super expensive, on shot of vodka will run you $14. Though you don't go to a club in Vegas for cheap drinks! I would suggest a large group and bottle service if you are gonna go. The music is damn good, it wasn't constantly techno like most clubs there was a good mix of rap and hip hop too.
3	this is the 3rd club we hit in one night. just like Rain it's on a rooftop (i think). Very dark, not much decor but the music was good. There were times the DJ was off balance..like there wasn't   it was packed really quickly unlike Rain where I felt we also had the free space. Enjoyed myself nonetheless.
3	good club love the roof view & the opening roof but didn't like the crowed & some girls was wearing flip flip
2	Needless to say, this is not your typical big production LV casino.  I didn't think it was even worth the $15pp that they guys paid (girls were free, since we got on Chris Hornak's list).  The music was all over the place.  Part of the time it was top 40, and they threw in some 90s music for kicks.  It got worse as the night wore on, so we left.  The view is great, but I was here to party.  The roof was retracted while we were there, but that wasn't as exciting as the club makes it out to be.
2	I thought MOON sucked. We went on a special DJ night who loved techno. But he sucked. We spent the whole night wondering if the last song had ended and a knew one began, in a crowd so packed you could not EVEN move. I love the dance that looks like you are in a crowded swimming pool and your just bobbing up and down. The drinks were super expensive and were hard to obtain. So yes I experienced this crappy club sober. Then by Moon they mean that they will open up the roof indeterminately through out the night, which left me wondering if it is a nice night why not just leave it open. Then the funfetti they blasted into the crowd every hour, that was fun, reminded me of high school. Only good thing about this club was the nice bouncer guy who saw what a horrible time we were having after we got pushed from being inside the dance floor to the walkway which he had to keep clear for fire code reasons. We informed him we didn't want to be in the fire code walkway but there was no where else to be. So he tried to get us a table with failure. We left early and did not regret it. I would suggest Voodoo next door way better views and music.
3	I Spent my 26th bday at the moon in august this year. i never left a review so here was my experience...I had booked a table for 7 people. through the 9 group i recommend you doing this if you dont want the problems of most peoeple  on yelp. if your complaining about how packed the dancefloor is or how long it takes to get a drink..then get a table. your going to buy 4-5 drinks anyway and most drinks are about 15 bucks anyway so it ends up being the same. DJ Exodus was playing that night and he was really good. its been a while since i heard a good dj like that. he played everything ..like hiphop,top 40, a tiny bit of house and some old school... but mixed all up so well .... we were told in getting  vip we can club hop to rain and ghostbar...rusko was at rain that night...we were having such a good time we never left to go see him lol.... until this bouncer came from across the dance floor. went passed our own personal security that was there for table service and starting messing with my cuzin that was sitting next to me with his arms crossed.... i get they need to kick out drunks cuz they can cause a scene. but when i pay 900 bucks for a table. and one of my guests is pretty buzzed but keeping to himself and sitting in our section. i really dont get how the security guard felt the need to kick him out. i think if he was a risk, then the  security guard who was with us all night wouldve done so!... i couldnt believe it. we had this cool security guard assigned to our table and he was wathching all of us....and this other guy came out of no where to cause some shit... after 10 minutes i couldnt even find my cuzin.... i went back to our suite at palms place to still not find my cuzin....  my phone rings and my drunk ass cuzin is going nuts.....the security apparently felt the need to put my cuzin in cuffs and drag him all the way across the street..ARE YOU EFFING KIDDING ME!!! ACROSS THE STREET!!! my cuzin was just sitting in our section with his head down ...and these guys did that? i was pretty pissed especially since we were staying at the palms place ... these security guards are something else........ other than that moon was pretty chill..the music provided by the dj is what makes my night. and it sure was provided by Dj Exodus..
4	Moon is a pretty fun club to go to if you are trying to decide on where to go to dance on your trip to Vegas. Located inside the Palms, it is high on the top the hotel. It has a dance floor in the middle of the club and a roof that is retractable, opening up to the sky above. It also has an outdoor patio area that overlooks all of Las Vegas. The music is good and the people all seem to be there to have fun.
5	If you are looking for a great nighttime club venue then Moon Nightclub is it! The service is amazing, and there is a patio are with a fabulous view of the Las Vegas strip. Plus even with its prime location, the bottle service is still reasonablly priced. So, if you are planning on visiting Vegas for your next celebration...try Moon Nightclub and you are sure to have a great time!
4	Had a great time! Got table service and the VIP staff was awesome!! It was nice to have a table to just relax and drink. The table dancers were right across from our table and the sights were great! We were also able to enter all the other clubs/bars at the Palms for free since we had table service at one place. I would do it again!
2	What happen to Moon? I used to frequent the Palms on a regular basis and loved the concept of 4 unique clubs under one roof but it was a ghost town last time I went.On a Friday night at midnight you would expect Moon to be packed with party goers but this was not the case. I just have to say that this place has seen better days :(I guess with the closing of Playboy and Rain the Palms just doesn't have the MTV/Real World Party atmosphere is used to. . .
2	Dead on Thursday 11/8-----the bouncers tried to hose us for $25 per even after we them which VIP list we were on... We decided to leave but as we were walkn out they Let us up Free of Charge! Free of charge into a Dead nighclub...Expensive drinks are to be expected but expensive and badd not soo much...Great views but wouldnt go back for the Club or bad bartender service!
3	Moon had its good and its bad, but overall it was an average club experience.  Once they opened their doors, the Ghostbar cleared out and eventually closed early.  We made our way over to Moon with all of the other club goers, and this is what I found to be the high and low lights:The good:- Staff are amazing.  Very friendly and fun!- Like Ghostbar, great view of the city.- A decent sized dance floor.The bad:-The same drink that I had just got at Ghostbar was $2 more at Moon.-The music selection was okay, but the sound system was in need of a lot of adjustment.  The bass was too heavy for a lot of songs, and my wife wanted to leave because the music sounded so bad.I prefer the more casual ambiance and vibe of Ghostbar over Moon.  Moon is a more traditional looking club, but the music just killed the experience for us.  I wouldn't mind going back, but there are other clubs in Vegas I'd rather go.
2	Started the night at the Ghostbar and after a few drinks, went over to Moon... needless to say I should've just stayed at Ghostbar. When we went up to moon, there was a good amount of people, but it wasn't crowded. The music was playing loud and clear and they were playing a good selection, mostly top 40... they had a guy dressed up as a monkey dancing around as well as what looked like Sonic the hedgehog, lol.. everything was going well....               after maybe 30 min everything went downhill....The place got too packed. You really couldn't dance, there was too many people on the dancefloor. Everybody kept bumping into you and you just couldn't enjoy yourself. There was a few weirdos there just staring at the girls with this creepy look. Some other guys trying to grind on girls when they would see them lonely, but that's at any club. Some guys were starting to get agressive and their friends started to surround them. I never saw a bouncer get near them to see what the problem was. That was a bit concerning for the safety of everyone there especially with all these weirdos and the recent shootings. We moved away from there and went to the bar.I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE I PAID $34 FOR AN ADIOS AND A RUM WITH PINEAPPLE JUICE!!! Their prices are insane. Those were the first and last drinks I bought there. That is just ridiculous.I had fun in the beginning, but it didn't last and really, it ruined the night. I wish we would've gone somewhere else. Don't spend your money here on the cover charge or on the insanely expensive drinks.
4	Laser lights, retractable roof, diverse less pretentious crowd that just want to dance and have fun--and a view like you are on top of the world = this is MoonYes it's doesn't have the super high end luxurious feel like XS nightclubs or some of the other clubs, but if you are pretty simple and you want to just dance and have fun moon would work for you. You won't see people just standing around trying to look good. lol! Everyone seems having a blast dancing in the sea of people. QUISHA H's review for Moon (a couple reviews below me) is spot on! Exactly the impression and experience I had. =) This was one of the clubs our bachelorette party dropped by and had the most fun in. lol!SOME QUICK FACTS:LOCATION: From the Palms Hotel Main entrance, walk towards the back wall, through the casino and you should be able to see a long line if there is already. The staff is pretty good at organizing the lines. You will take an elevator up the playboy club, then either take an elevator or stairs up to Moon. (Playboy Club has no extra cover.)Dress Code: Collared Shirts for guys and no sports attire.Vegas peeps told me to go during Friday and Saturday nights for the best nights.Cover: $23/ladies $28/guys and doors open at 10:30pm (line wait can go up to an hour and a half, not so bad compared to the other Vegas clubs)*Tickets can be purchased at: http://www.n9negroup.com/events/all-events*All ladies? Try to contact Moon's Main VIP Host Pascquale Romano to see if he can put you on the guest list! pasquale.romano@9groupvegas.com or 702-563-5060 *Use the same info above for bottle service or email tables@9groupvegas.comGallery to check out Moon and the crowd on different nights: http://www.n9negroup.com/nightlife/moon-nightclub
4	I came here for NYE 2013 and had a great time.Although Moon may not be a mega-club a la Marquee or XS, it's still worth checking out. Here are a few reasons why.1. The outdoor patio. It's spacious and offers a breathtaking view of the entire Vegas strip. I was fortunate enough to watch the fireworks from this location.2. The music. The DJ played a solid blend of house, rap, pop, and top-40. If you like variety, then you'll definitely enjoy Moon.3. The space. Even on NYE, I didn't find this place to be overwhelmingly packed. Getting to the bathrooms, bar, or outdoor deck wasn't the usual excruciating process.4. The bartenders. The bartenders were dishing out drinks at an incredible pace. Even with only a few minutes till midnight (NYE), I was able to grab a few drinks and find my group in time to celebrate.5. The vibe. Less pretense than at some of the larger clubs. Friendly, down to earth atmosphere.6. The elevators. No need to hike up or down any stairs.Since Moon is located at the Palms, you'll need to take a cab if you're staying on the strip. Although it's a bit isolated, I would still recommend visiting this club on one night of your Vegas trip. Maybe do a Ghostbar- Rain- Moon combo? I would definitely go clubbing here again.
4	Moon was fun.  We came here for a friend's bday party....since we had room keys, they let us all in gratis.Saturday night is what you would expect, plenty of people, good music and lots of fun.If you have never been here before, they open up the rooftop of the club so you can see the sky and it adds a cool effect to the party.  But since it is so cold right now, they leave it open for about one song worth, so they don't freeze everyone out.This works a lot better during the summertime, when the open air actually is refreshing.  But even during the winter time, this is a cool spot to hang out!
2	ok i've been here twice and both times was an ok experience. once was during spring break and it was pretty busy, totally full of douchebags too. the other was the week before xmas and it was a ghost town. they actually shut it down at 2am because it was so empty. the dj was pretty good and the bartenders are nice. i like ghostbar better tho.
5	Out of all of the clubs I have been to in Vegas, this one is by far my favorite.  It's a nonstop dance party and they play great music that really gets you moving. It's pretty packed, but no one is really standing around, so it's not too uncomfortable like other places.  It also has an upper level and a cool patio with an awesome view.  It does charge cover, but my friends and I bought a travelzoo deal that included free entry and drinks at the clubs.
1	Moon is on it's last leg. I came here on a Friday night after first visiting Moon a few months earlier on a Satruday night. My first experience was a bad one, but I decided to give it another shot... Bad move. The crowd was just plain awful for a Friday night (or any night for that matter), boasting a guy/girl ratio of about 5:2 at half capacity. I left at around midnight. Interestingly enough, I saw several groups leave earlier than I did lol. Do yourself a favor: Stick to the A-list clubs. You'll be sorry if you don't! This place is a waste of your time, money, and excitement. Don't say I didn't warn you!
3	Maybe I've been to too many clubs in Vegas and am jaded now but Moon, and any other place in the Palms now for that matter, just don't do it for me. Like I said in my Ghostbar review, this place used to be THE place to go and had lines for hours. Now, we came on a Friday night and again, like Ghostbar, no line. We get in and there aren't many people in the place. The design is cool and the roof was open which was cool. I liked the outside patio and the music was a good mix of genres. I wish this place was still packed like it used to be and then it would be a lot better place to party. Unless I was staying at the Palms I don't think I'd go here just to party. WAY too many better options on the strip!
4	Moon Nightclub is located at the top of The Palms.  I came here on a Friday night and both guys and girls were free to get in.  In addition, girls got 2 free drinks.  Can't ask for anything more.  The club has great views of the strip.  There are scantily clad women that dance on platforms, pretty good music and a lower lounge that used to be the playboy lounge.  The lower lounge was pretty dead compared to the dance area upstairs.  The club is also located off the strip so if you are staying on the strip, you will have to make a long walk or drive.
4	Uhh let's see. Pros and Cons:Pros- Nice view of the strip 50 floors all the way to the top- Was in a group so I spent $10 for a couple shots of vodka- Hot go go dancers with high heels, bikinis, and afros putting paint on your face- Trendy atmosphere- Trendy musicCons- Spent $10 for one cup of vodka mixed with pineapple juice (a bit expensive for my taste, but whatever)- Got way too crowded later in the nightOverall a good experience
4	Of all the clubs we visited while in Vegas, we had the best time at Moon! It was so nice we had to go twice (Friday and Saturday)! Very mixed diverse crowd, and not at all pretentious. Everyone here just wants to dance and have fun! The second time we went we all decided to were flats after noticing the first time around most of the girls had on flats or came out of their heels completely. As with most the clubs in Vegas, ladies where free with free drinks. Drinks were very weak (which is the only reason I give it 4 stars) even the ones we paid for. But the vibe was so cool, we did not need the alcohol to have a good time.
4	went here on halloween night a couple years ago. To sum up the night lets just say, I missed them opening the rooftop. It was so bananas in there that either I was HIGHly intoxicated or I really just didnt pay attention to the fact that while everyone is screaming with excitement at seeing the sky from inside the club, I was fist pumping with my head down. smh. I bet you when I go this summer I will be staring at the roof the whole night. I am NOT missing this. Carry on.
4	The music was good at the beginning then was just okay throughout the night.  The Dj had a guy dressed in Mario from the Mario Bros going nuts on stage.  There were even some nice looking gogo girls dancing on the platforms.  One of them was a good dancer for sure; in general, most suck lol.My friends and I got a table here and hung out mostly at the table, and somewhat on the floor.  We even hung out at the table next to us, filled with men, who poured us a couple shots.  These guys said it was a bachelor party and that they were staying at a penthouse, but one of my friends found out one of the guys spilled the beans and said they were there to renew one of the guy's parents vows!  They were a fun group though, for sure.  And the night was pretty fun...not what I expected.
4	I had only been to one other Vegas club so my review might not be up to par with some of the others. Got in for free thanks to a promoter, we had a blast. Can't comment on the music or anything because we were pretty drunk when we got there. Waiting in line we saw Drake walk in so we knew it was going to be a good night. P.S., the go go dancers are smoking hot and gives you something to look at while you chill,
4	Went on a night when there was some sort of day-glow party going on.  The go-go dancers were in neon tutus, afro wigs, stockings, and bras with a black light illuminating everything.  Most were pretty lazy until the crowd started arriving.  I guess they were preserving their energy for the night.  The club's "hype man" was running around blowing a whistle dressed as Mario from Super Mario Brothers, which was hilarious.  I think there was a Luigi, too.  The atmosphere was great as well as the DJ.  The outdoor patio with the view of the city was also great.  We got there right when it opened and were the first to hit the dance floor.  After 30 minutes, the crowds arrived and the dance floor filled.  The party atmosphere was in full swing and was a great time all around.
4	Moon is a sexy, sultry penthouse nightclub with one of the most spectacular architectural features in Las Vegas - a massive, retractable roof that opens up to provide a mind-blowing view of the stars above. Located at the top of the Palms Fantasy Tower, Moon's dramatic, surreal environment is truly out of this world.
5	My favorite place to party in Vegas, so far. I personally think Saturday nights are the best, the music has never failed me. To avoid the lines I recommend getting on the guest list or getting table service.Just like all the clubs it does get very very crowded but luckily they have a nice sized dance floor and a balcony for the moments you need some fresh air.
3	USE THIS:http://www.yelp.com/biz/free-vegas-club-passes-las-vegasMoon was just alright.  Besides the fact that my cousins and I were able to bypass a line and get a drink wristband (thanks to a promoter), there was really nothing great about this.Awesome view but everyone is out there taking pictures so it's hard for you to get your own.  The dance floor is super small and I was HOT in there.  It was like I wanted to go outside to cool off but I was like, "Shit it's 105 degrees outside anyway!" I don't know what it is but I'll hear great music coming into a club and then it gets switched to that house/dub step/techno/what the f**k ever kind of music.  "Bait and switch".I left after like an hour cuz I just wasn't feeling it.  I was looking super cute too.  I got a great photo but I hate wasting a cute outfit on a wack night out.There is a bar upstairs that was open and deserted because no one really knew about it.  So, note for anyone coming here and are trying to get drinks by the dance floor.This was a Friday night.  MAYBE the music got better later on.  I got there early for my wristbands and what not and left around midnight.
3	Dance clubs really aren't my scene.  That said, Palms' guests get into Moon Nightclub for free before midnight so it was worth the cost of admission to check it out.  At the top of the Fantasy Tower, Moon is potentially one of the more distinctive clubs I've been in.  While it has the standard dance club features, DJ, thumping sound system, dance floor, light effects, go go dancers, tables with bottle service, etc., it also has an unparalleled, unobstructed view of the Strip especially from its exterior deck from which you can somewhat escape the crowd and noise to get a breath of fresh air.  Moon also has a retractable roof, but it was closed on this particular Tuesday night.  Of course, it was also a hot July evening in Las Vegas, so it's highly probably the roof doesn't open until it gets a lot cooler.  It was a little before midnight on a Tuesday and the DJ was bathing the small crowd on the dance floor with booming hip hop beats.  We went to the bar to get drinks.  Given the day and time of night, it wasn't three deep at the bar, but drink service was fast and friendly.  After paying for our gin and tonics and leaving an industry-standard tip, the bartender actually looked surprised.  Are "club kids" not tipping their bartenders and servers?  Anyway, Moon Nightclub isn't bad, but it lacks the newness/wow factor and mass appeal that the newer mega-clubs have garnered.  For free, it was worth our time, but I wouldn't shell out $20 or more for cover.
1	Come to this place if you love stuck-up bouncers who refuse you for no reason whatsoever! My boyfriend and I were on a guestlist which ended at 1am and arrived at exactly 1.01am. We were late, fair enough, we didn't have to be let in on the guestlist. What we didn't expect was to be flat-out refused entry despite being two well-dressed, polite and sober people who were fully willing to pay full price to get in. This was on a Tuesday when the place was dead with no line to be seen anywhere. A pile of wank. Don't go
3	Happy high school prom! This club has a great layout, incredible view, douche bag free security and a sweet retractable roof but the music is from an iPod somebody lost in 2006. Overall good atmosphere but if you like music from this decade ( house music. Heard of it?) it's probably not for you.
1	Went there last night. Mildly crowded, that is until we all discovered that Moon is home to the world famous WORST DJ IN THE WORLD. The only people dancing were the drunk ones dancing to the music in their heads (as it was impossible to dance to the beatless, boring, and just downright awful music that was played). When you notice that the dance floor is empty, shouldn't you change the music? Not Moon though. Instead they decided to change systems midway through which cut the music off entirely, emptying out the place even more. Then they repeated the same songs over again. Would have left sooner if not for the fact that we paid to get in. Kept hoping for SOMETHING and was thoroughly let down. Then the line to exit in the elevator was horrendous, THEN it wasn't functioning correctly. Baaaaad, actually worst club ever
2	big fall off since the playboy club days... as if the name actually brought in a better clientele.   Anyway, same great sky deck, just a staff that is stucked in the used to be.   Oh well, if Heff decides to move forward with a POOL club rumored to be called the "bunny dip".  I'm in, twice.
1	The ONLY thing great about this club is the balcony and awesome view. Otherwise the BOUNCERS or security brutes working the floor are rude, fat and they smell. AND they tell u how to dance..um when u go to a nightclub its for meeting people dancinf and drinking duhh! Wont ever be stepping foot in there again!!!
3	Nice View. not as good as ghost bar. but better than not having a view at all. My wife and I had access to this club hung out for about 45 minutes and left. It was cool to see. but it was dead. We sat down had a drink, people watched, had some laughs and left. Which was fine for us. A younger crowd might not like it ihere.
3	Went to Ghostbar hated it, went to Moon right afterwards.  Great view, it was nice it had seating outside that wasn't bottle service. The crowd was definately better than Ghostbar but it was still odd and a little random.  It wasn't packed at all.  The music was good at times. Overall had fun but not sure If I would go back.
3	Had a blast here! The DJ killed it. Such a fabulous selection of music. Drink prices are kinda pricey but all the clubs are like this. I loved the atmosphere of this place. Would definitely come again. The view outside is gorgeous.
4	This is a posthumous review in the sense that the once adjacent Playboy Club is now closed.  Moon is located in the fantasy tower of the Palms.  As with Ghost Bar, you enter from the casino and take an elevator up to the club.  It's a kinda fun way to get into a club.  Moon is a large dance club.  Like Ghost Bar, it has outdoor decks with incredible views.  Moon drew good crowds both nights we were there.  The Playboy Club, sadly now closed, was an awesome lounge.  It featured great views, a dance floor, table games with bunny dealers, and video poker, etc.  Both clubs were connected, and one could freely move from one to the other.  One more thing, unlike many Vegas clubs, the staff here were incredibly friendly and welcoming. No surly bouncers here.  Heck, when we exited the Playboy Club, they genuinely thanked us for coming.  When is the last time you heard that at a Vegas club?RIP Playboy Club.
4	This club is so much fun. Been in vegas for years and always somehow end up there at the end of the night. Best thing is when it gets hot in the club the whole entire roof opens. Also what a view of the strip.
2	The music is out of style! The view is really nice but its definitely not for a 21st bday!
5	Shots, shots, shots, ooohhh look the ceiling just opened up! Seriously one of my best nights in Vegas.  Luckily got a VIP hook up from Christian E. He was wonderful, feel free to message to work with him.  First the view, so great, and in the heat of summer great breeze.  Next, the roof opens up. Then they've got an official mascot to get the energy up, FYI he's a semi-star on Behind the Mask! The music is a great mix, I'd say this place seemed like a more mature crowd, late 20s to mid-30s, so you get some old, with new. Cause you're not really old, but you're not 21.Had bottle service, so I can't comment on the price of drinks, but bottle service was a bit less than many clubs in Vegas, still pricey, but the servers were great and super helpful. Security awesome as well. Shout out to everyone there! Be sure to tip well! It ensures good service!All in all, this was a great great place, may be my go to spot.
1	Worst club ever. Had to wait in two lines just for Papa Legba to tell me and my friends we couldnt hang at the VIP table we reserved and paid for because we did not have breasts.  Also the trash that was in the place wasnt worth the time or money. I will stick to better clubs like at the wynn or aria. And the gogo girls look worse than hookers off the strip. The maloufs should rethink their investment.
1	You could not pay me to go to this club again! This was hands down the worst club experience of my life!! The music was terrible. Everything played was 10-15 years old. I could dj better in my house. The drinks were way over-priced and there are way too many great places to go to in Las Vegas to even waste your time. The worst part was when we were ready to leave, we had to wait over 30 minutes to get out. You have to take an elevator to get back down to the lobby. However, unfortunately, they would not let anyone in the elevator to leave. When we asked to leave, we were told we had to stay. We had to find management and specifically request to leave. Management even made all sorts of excuses for their inefficiencies and lack and had no answers as to why their establishment was so poorly run. Ironically, the other bar at the Palms, Ghost Bar, is on the same floor and was a much better experience. They had much better music, better ambiance, and had no issues getting any patrons in or out of their bar. Nor do any other clubs or bars I've been to in the world, for that matter. Just a thought to keep in mind, when the line to leave is three times longer than the line to get in, that's not a good sign. Unfortunately, you will not know that until you get up there. Ghost bar is in the same hotel and is a great place to visit. It is highly recommended and I would definitely go back there anytime!!
3	For a Friday night it was kind of slow! The music sucked too, thankfully Vegas has after hours clubs
4	This place is so amazing. Music was great (hip hop and house) and overlooks the entire strip. Drinks were cheap and the crowd is great looking. I wouldve given 5 stars is the promoter (Kevin angles) wouldn't have lied about getting in for free
1	Nice place and atmosphere but terrible customer service. My friends and I let our jackets in the club and nobody would let us get them back because the door guard told us the club was closed and empty at 3.30 a.m . Website says it closes at 4 and we had to sneak our way in to get the jackets back at 5 a.m . Surprise, 15 people were still in the club too busy counting the money they made. What a way to celebrate NYE
