4	I am a huge pizza fanatic. I've probably  eaten at over 40 different pizza places in Vegas. (I've lived here for over 25 years.) This place have the best stuff pizza in town. If you like Chicago style,the ones here are pretty good too. The reason i only gave it 4 stars is because their regular crust pizza here is only ok,but their Chicago style and stuffed..are truly to die for.
4	Let me first say I had given up on finding a real Chicago style pizza place in Las Vegas until I had Amore Taste of Chicago. I am from Chicago and had been searching for some good stuffed and thin crust pizza and found it.  To give you a judging point, in Chicago my favorite pizza was Giordano's stuffed and Amore is the closest thing to it.  I have eaten their thin crust and stuffed and both very good. In addition, I used to love Portillo's italian beef in chicago. While Amore's is not Portillos, it is very good and definitely the closest thing in Vegas to Chicago italian beef.  I have pretty much tried every pizza place in Vegas and Amore is the best!
4	It had been a good 5 years since I tasted a quality stuffed pizza.  The Chicago pizza shack vibe was great with their wall of fame and all that although I wondered why there wasn't a pic of Harry Caray..maybe not appetizing to look at?***Just a note to newcomers here...it takes about 45 minutes for them to make their stuffed pizza so you might want to call ahead of time before you go.  We will definitely do that next time.   The pizza was delicious.  We got a small pepperoni and mushroom and were only able to eat 2 slices a piece.  Had a whole half pie left over!!  I'm always into checking out what everyone else is ordering.  Seemed like the thin crust was the most popular.  All of the pastas dishes looked huge and awesome so it would be fun to bring a group here next time to sample a few things.
3	did a group thing here last night - about 40 people sharing in some chicago style pizza then we're off to a ny place next week.  I have to preface my review with the comment that i really don't like chicago style pizza - as in the pie-style, i actually like their thin-crust pizzas.  we try some bread, salads, rigatoni with sauce, sausage w/peppers and onions  pizza - both thick and thin.  the highlights - the sausage pepper and onions and the thin crust meatlovers.  i thought the thick was kinda thin ( and yes, i've eaten at 3 different  places in chi-town, including uno ) - my one pet peeve , i thought their sauce was too sweet.overall, it ain't a bad place and i can see myself dropping by to get some sausage, peppers and onions to go.  As to the chicago motif - except for a poster of an early 90's oprah, no one from the 21st century - about time they make space for our newest President !
4	The thin crust pizza is the best here. Loaded with all the meat toppings and I can say it's one of the best pizza's that I've had. A must eat when I'm back in Vegas.Tip: Call in and place your order, so your pizza is ready when you get there. (if you eat in)
5	Pizza, Pizza, & more Pizza! Of Course they have some nice pasta dishes along, with from what I hear a great dog! Just don't ask for ketchup. Since this is a place with a Chicago flare, I tried the sausage, pepper, combo pie. Keep in mind that good things take time, wait is about 35-45 mins. While the wait is long, use this time to check out the big pizza oven in the back, the oven is as big as a small room!As I mentioned, I ordered special pie, everything about it was nicely done! The crust was not doughy, but rather almost crisp and had a nice buttery flavor. The sauce was not too sweet, but had just enough acid to it. The cheese was standard, but what set everything apart was the homemade sausages that topped the pie! Right amount of spices, fat, and seasonings! Very nice! Next time I'm going to have to try some of the pasta dishes they have. Looked pretty good coming out from the kitchen! Sante
5	Great food and a nice taste of Chicago here in Vegas. Setting in a little stripmall, inside smells hit you when you walk through the door with intense dough and Italian gravy; mmm. Pizzas take about 35-40 minutes so we started with some appsHad the chi-dog with some delicious Chi-town  giardiniera. A+Calamari was lightly breaded and came out by itself with sauce(gravy). This was amazing and they way all the restaurants should serve it IMHO. Pizza (here we go) Deep dish sausage: good flavor, extra sauce (gravy) with a little extra crispy crust made this a decent pie. Stuffed spinach: a gem, one of the top five pizzas I've had in Vegas; probably in the top three. Top notchThis place will become a staple in my Italian restaurant favs for sure
5	Nobody I know ever goes here because it's next to Naked Fish. But... I forgot Naked Fish wasn't open until four, I was meeting someone for lunch, so we hit up Amore.How surprised I was! Quick, friendly service... buffalo chicken pizza was top notch. I was really, really surprised to find decent pizza in Vegas. As a New Yorker, my standards are high. Everyone I know raves about Setebello, but I'm telling them to try this place first.
5	This is my review update:I still love it and I still recommend it. Go enjoy it :)
5	Firstly, let me start by saying that I do not eat pizza that often.  But when I do get the craving (perhaps two or three times a year), this is my go-to spot!No surprise, I am from Chicago.  This is great Chicago pizza - whether it be the pan, stuffed or thin.  Real ingredients (no fake cheese here).  The owner is originally from a suburb of Chi-town and takes his pizza seriously, as he should!Have also had the salads and not too bad either!  The sausage & peppers has a great taste but not sure its enough for a meal - perhaps a side dish.If you're from Chicago, the options for pizza you'll enjoy are limited in LV, so you'll love this place.  (Love the memorabilia, too.)  If you're wanting to try Chicago pizza, give it a try - its a true representation.  BTW, this is the year for the Cubbies!! (had to throw that in, since writing about Chicago and its cuisine - just seemed fitting)
5	Amore is closest thing to being back home in Chicago. They serve up yummy Chicago Style eats. I've been dining there over 5 years, it's been fun to see them grow. Great stuffed pizza and thin crust! Haven't found anyone in the Valley who does 'em better.  The breaded steak sandwich and the Chicago-style hot dogs are a treat, too. Don't miss the minestrone soup. It always hits the spot.
2	Imagine a cracker that doesn't have much flavor to it.Now imagine some reasonably tasty sauce, cheese, and mushrooms on top of the tasteless cracker.Now imagine having to wait nearly 30 minutes for your thing-which-does-not-taste-much-like-pizza to arrive.And imagine the waitress doesn't really seem to give a crud about your dining experience.What you're now imagining, describes today's lunch experience.
5	Ok let me start by saying that I grew up in Chicago (33 yrs on the NW sides baby!!) and was very hesitant as to whether or not this would be any good even after I read all the reviews. THIS PLACE IS AWSOME!!!! It was like being home. I have been craving Chicago pizza since I moved away 2yrs ago not only did I love my lunch but I ordered 3 more pizza's to take home to California so I could freeze it and eat it later. My whole car smelled like sausage the whole way home and I was so happy as memories of driving home with my Dad on a Saturday night with the bottom of the pizza burning my lap. I can't wait to go back if you miss or want to experience REAL Chicago food without going to Chicago I Defiantly recommend this place.
4	Good pizza.  Chicago-style, cut in squares, thin crust, zesty sauce or the gutbuster stuffed pizza which ain't too shabby.  Italian beef not as good as Portillo's, but it's nice to have available out here in Vegas finally.  Ditto the hot dogs, Chicago-style with the sport peppers and full pickle and sesame seed bun, mustard and nuclear-green relish.Not the best renditions ever, but until Portillo's arrives, glad to at least have it as a junk food option.Very personable service and a quaint/cheezy chicago-themed decor help make up a little in the authenticity department where the food falls slightly short.
4	I was in the mood for pizza and Amore served it up with great service.  I like this place and not just because I love Da' Bears!  The bread is baked fresh daily and plentiful, and I was able to order sausage and peppers as an appetizer.  As for the pizza I recommend the Margarita specialty pizza that comes on thin crust.  This is a casual place that does take time to prepare your food as everything is made fresh and to order, so for those that complain about the wait might want to bring better dining partners so the time can fly by as you wait.  I will come back as much as my diet allows, but it's worth every minute of extra time on the treadmill.
4	I have been to alot of pizza joints in LV claiming to serve "Chicago" style pizza and it always is the NY thin crust!! I have tried many over the years and was always disappointed. Thought I would try Amore and was prepared to be disappointed again. Was I wrong! (thank God). The pizza was like Lou Malnati's or Gino's East! A real Chicago style deep dish pizza that is stuffed with tons of meat and cheese and must weigh 7lbs. If you dont like the wait of 40-45min for this pie, do what I do, call ahead and take it home. By the way the salads are really good too.
4	100th Review??? Whaaaaat??? Yup, here it goes! Since most of my reviews have been Las Vegas and San Diego establishments... I hardly have any Chicago spots (where the hubs is from) I've decided to review a Chicago spot located here in Las Vegas! Ok, I'm cheesy, thanks. We've been coming here since I moved here (5yrs). Love this place. The walls are PLASTERED with Chicago & some Vegas paraphernalia. Anything from Michael Jordan, Al Capone, the Rat Pack and Oscar Goodman! The first time we went here, we came in to watch a bears game, i think it was? lol My husband was wearing a Bears jersey and I was wearing my Chargers jersey (GO CHARGERS :) and of course I get the BOOS and he gets the Hi-Fives lol There is only one TV in the restaurant but most of the tables are within view of it and you can bet that it'll be a Chicago game on, if they're playing, except Sox games... ;) They're real friendly and service is top notch. I'm not big on the sauce of the pizza but it's does the job when I want some pizza but what I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE are their Chicago Dogs! They have a special, you get 2 Chicago Dogs and fries for $5+! Tastes so scrumpdiddlyumptious!
3	A 3.5 from us. We ordered a thin crust with mushrooms & ricotta cheese for take out. I'll never understand someone's reasoning for taking a circular pizza and cutting it into squares... square pizza, square slices I get. I know they do it in Chicago, been there done that, and it didn't make sense then either.The pizza was good and I did like the sauce which is a little on the sweet side. The ricotta was quite good, no up charge!, and the mushrooms hit the spot but there just wasn't enough of them.All in all we thought it was a pretty good pizza but when their website says a large is for 3-4 people they must not be talking about anybody who's hungry, we devoured it in no time. Not a bad spot for pizza but Ciao Ciao is less than a block away and for us it's more in line with what we like.
4	4.5 starsnever been too big a fan on chicago style pizza. but i really enjoyed theirs i ate there a while ago so i do not remember exaclty what i had. but it was good.Beer?! anyone know if they server alcohol, i didnt even ask the people there because it wasnt on the menu. and no one else was drinking.they had like a bar but only serving sodas/waters etc. i love pizza and beer id give a 5 star if they had beer. but i do not know if they do.
4	After looking for a great Chicago style pizza on yelp i found this place.The pizza was great. maybe not a buttery and crisp as the one i had in Chicago but really alot better then the shitty chain uno chain that give no justice to the Chicago Pie. The pizza took almost a half hour to cook so i recommend to call them and order you pizza before you get there like i did the second time i came in for my fix.If they could just get the crust a little bit more crispy i would have gave them 5 stars but really a great pizza.
4	Let me jus say i've never been to Chicago , with that being said I thought the deep dish pizza was excellant. The crust was crisp through out ,not to heavy. The sauce was slightly sweet which I liked, and not runny which is nice so the crust don't get soggy. We had the homemade sausage with mushrooms which were fresh not canned .we also had the fried zucchini and mushrooms. Which were very good, I'm not sure if they were made in house,  if they were good for them ! The italin beef ,reason for not having a perfect score, nothing special jus some roast beef on a roll and some au jus , I think arbys has the same thing, but  cheaper. Service was very good and friendly. I pre ordered our meal on advice of another yelper  . Food was ready at specified time. Great advice cause a deep dish could take 45 min.
4	Tried this place cuz I went to ciao ciao and  saw it was closed. Had the bbq chicken pizza...it was decent nothing to write home about. They need a better variety of desserts!! I have a sweet tooth but nothing sounded interesting enough to try.
4	Cigarette is to Chicago, as nicotine patch is to Amore Taste of Chicago.I'm a native Chicagoan, and a lover of deep dish pizza, so I was very psyched to find this spot.  Overall this is good food with good value, but falls far from true Chicago deep dish.When you enter Amore, you'll notice pictures of everything Chicago plastered on the wall (Michael Jordan, Chicago Blackhawks, Al Capone, etc..)  There were some very cute girls waiting to greet me as I showed up for my carry out order.  (nothing to do with the food, but it doesn't hurt)  The menu has everything on it:  Ribs, Italian Beef, Pizza, Sandwiches,  Lawn Chairs, jump ropes, salads, etc...  It's got great variety.The Food - Thin Crust Pizza - Not greasy, light in both weight and flavor.  I enjoyed this very much, but don't expect pronounced aromatics like heavy basil or oregeno, or heavy cheese.  This is just your well executed, thin crust pizza.Deep Dish - The problem here is the crust is tasteless and the sauce doesn't have much flavor either.  Again, not a bad pizza, not overly greasy, good cheese, just missing a few flavor notes.  I think many people would enjoy this, as I did, but just know what you're not getting Lou Malnati's or Giordanos (Chicago Deep Dish Champions).  Bottom Line:  A great option great variety and great value, but not a true account of Chicago Deep Dish.
4	Amore Pizza Discovery!I was grazing through the kitchen, looking for something eat, and opened up my fridge to see the leftovers from last night's Amore order.  I grabbed a slice of deep dish, and instead of warming it up, I went "home on your parents couch" style, and ate it cold.SO TASTY COLD!I don't know how to feel about this, but the deep dish pizza was much better cold than it was fresh from the oven.  I noticed flavors I couldn't really detect the first time around.  I would recommend keeping a cold one on hand for when your little brother or brother-in-law comes to visit.
4	They have a special going on where you can get a large two topping deep dish pizza for $15.95 when it's usually much more than that. We called and ordered ahead of time because their pizzas take 45 minutes to bake.Our pizza had pepperoni and sausage on it. The sausage was homemade, and it tasted delicious. The pepperoni had a little spicy taste to it just how I liked it. The crust was amazing. It was really chewy without being overly doughy... if you can even comprehend that. The large was huge! There were three of us, and 4 slices were consumed of it. Over half the pizza was left over, and it tasted good heated up the next day.We also ordered mozerella sticks... except they weren't sticks. They were triangles! They were triangles of gooey, crispy, mozerella goodness. I have never had better mozerella sticks ever. We should have ordered 8 instead of 4. The atmosphere was nice. There was some Italian music playing in the background, a bunch of baseball/football/chicago in general memorabilia throughout the restaurant.The place was dead though. Only one other person came in while we were dining, which is a shame for a place with good pizza. I will definitely be back.
2	Went here on a Sunday night. My friend wanted to try out their sausage and beef sandwich. I personally had the italian sausage on a french roll. The sausage was alright. The amount of fries they give you for $2.00 is not worth it. My friend had the cheese fries and the cheese kind of tasted like a cheese-wiz substance and they charge an extra dollar for that. I don't know if they were understaffed but the service was adequate. Took awhile just to get our drink order taken. And over 20 min to get 4 sandwiches served to our table. And I did not hear the waitress ask us how our food was. All in all the experience was alright. After reading the reviews for the deep dish pizza, I might give them another chance and go back to try that!
1	This place is only a couple minutes from my house, so I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, all it did was disappoint me. For those of you who like to be ignored and receive horrible service, this is definitely the place to go !! Ha. But on a serious note - we were seated right away, but then were not approached again until about five minutes later when someone finally took our drink order. Now, I may just have high standards,.. but it shouldn't take more than a couple minutes to get 3 waters and 1 coke - especially in a restaurant where only about 3 or 4 other tables were occupied, and where there were at least 3 different servers. And once our food was given to us, we were not approached by anyone again. Now, I'm on a mission to find the best Italian Beef and/or sausage in Vegas. Who doesn't love moist, tender beef and tasty, grilled sausage on good bread, with some Au jus? Apparently - Amore Taste of Chicago doesn't. Because the crap they served us was dry and tasteless. And the only flavor the Au jus had was salt. This place does seem to have good reviews for their pizza, so I might give it a chance one day. But, I'll definitely be taking it as a To-Go order.
4	We were in the hood and decided to to pop in. I'm rarely in the mood for pizza, but it sounded great today. We were gravitating towards a white pizza, but the lady helping us sold us on how good the deep dish is that we decided we can wait the 45 minutes for one (if you know that's what you want- call it in and drive on over there so you're not sitting there forever) , talk and nosh on a app. She told us about different specials not on the menu so we took up the special large deepdish with 2 toppings at $15 and some change instead of it's normal price (I believe about $22). We got ours with spinach and beef....think of it like a pizza lasagna!  If your server doesn't tell you ask specials- ask because she named off a few. The BF was feeling the fried zucchini ($6.95) for our app and I like that it was thin slices so you get a lot of crumb crust. I normally dip in ranch, but that marinara was off the hook so fo'getta abou' ranch! Our server brought us hot bread and though I love me some balsamic and oil, I sopped the rest of the marinara up. Once it came, I was so hungry, yet I only ate 1 and 1/4 a slice. It hits like a brick! The crust is consistently crunchy throughout and the fillings are all quality. We heard our lady chatting with the table behind me and they were talking about Chicago and where they grew up to see if they were neighbors or something so you know that they're definitely legit people here too. She was very sweet, checked on us often and we never had to ask for a drink refill.I'm not much for a pizza person, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Definitely I think if I have a hankering for pizza again, I'll keep this place on the short list!
5	Decided to finally give this place a try.  It's been on my To Do List for a while now.  The menu is extensive and appetizing......I couldn't make up my mind.  Good thing our server, Rosemary, helped us out.  She pointed out that they had a $4.95 lunch menu and that I should try one of those items.  I looked at the lunch menu and decided for that price I'd order 2 items!I ordered the 1 Topping Thin Crust Personal Pizza w/Sausage ($4.95) and an Italian Beef Sandwich w/Fries ($4.95) with a side of Hot Giardiniera ($.50).The food came out after a short wait.  I went for the Beef Sandwich first.....dipped it in a little Au Jus and added some Giardiniera.....after one bite, I WAS HOOKED!  This is some seriously good Chicago style Beef!  I'm sooo glad I ordered it!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA?select=AxzEEvoOb0DEaYNr8YaiVgThe Fries were pretty good....they're Crinkle Cut Fries and had the perfect amount of Salt added to it.Next up was the Sausage Pizza.  I ordered it 'well done' because I prefer my Pizza that way.  They obliged and it came out perfectly!  The Crust was nice and crispy and the Sausage was AMAZING!  Another score!  It reminded me of Fox's Pizza in the Southside of Chicago when my friend took me there.  The size of the Pizza is pretty good too for $4.95!  I'd guess it's around a 10" Pizza.  I was expecting something smaller....it exceeded my expectations.Overall, it was an awesome lunch.....good food and good times!  Rosemary, our server, was amazing and friendly.  I love going to places like this where people actually care about their customers.I can't wait to go back and try their Stuffed Pizza, Deep Dish Pizza, Chicago Hot Dog, and many many more things I saw on the menu!Return Factor - 100%
1	We  went tonight after the Super BowlFox Sports was on and when it was over Glee came onWe were the only customers left in the place and wer waiting patiently for our PizzaGlee was on for 1/2 hour The Owner came over and just changed the channelHe said it was their policyMaybe that is why at 8 pm they have no customersThe Pizza was okWe will not returnWe won't give money to someone who is that RudeI feel for his Employee's as if he is like that with the Customers I can only imagine what he would be like to work for
5	Being a huge fan of Chicago- style stuffed pizzas, the only reason I hadn't made it out to Amore sooner was the location (far from home in Henderson) and my on and off adherence to low carb diets. On Friday I used my birthday week (yes I said week, LOL) as a caloric excuse and finally made it out to try the best stuffed pizza in our fair city ! Having read Yelp and with a certain degree of familiarity with Chicago style pizzas, I knew to call ahead to make sure I could squeeze Amore into my lunch break and still get in and out of there in under an hour. The lunch specials for $5 looked good, but I had to try the stuffed pie to see if this place lived up to my favorite spots in Chicago. Their large with 2 toppings for $15.99 was well priced (on special?), and was ready within the promised 45 minutes. I'll start with the service - it was fabulous. Our waitress couldn't have been more nice or helpful. The pie was beautiful and looked like the pies I remember in Chicago. Ok, I'll be blunt. This pie was by far the best I've had in Vegas (as far as Chicago stuffed styles go), but definitely isn't "just like Chicago". It's like Steve said - it's a nicotine patch equivalent for Chicago pizza addicts. For me, the sauce was way too sweet but I realize that's personal preference. The crust while "bland" was very true to the style and for me extremely reminiscent of Giordano's . The cheese was extremely gooey and perfect and they didn't skimp on the quantity at all! The toppings were a bit skimpy for my taste (I'd like to see a bit more of them!), but otherwise it was a great pizza.  While this wouldn't be a 5 star joint in Chicago, we are in Vegas after all!  This is the closest most authentic Chicago stuffed style here in town and i look forward to adding this my lunch rotation every once in awhile. The staff was awesome and the price is right.
5	OH yeah!! SUPER YUM!!!  The sauce is AMAZING, which totally makes this whole pizza experience. We ordered sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms (real mushrooms, not canned), jalapenos. Their special was XL thin crust for $15 with 2 toppings, then we added 2 more. Great price for such yummy pizza, and of course enough for 2 more meals leftover. The crust was golden crispy-firm. I suggest eating in because the pizza is always best right from the oven, still steaming hot. I plan to get this very same pizza again soon. Am curious about the stuffed pizza - never have had. Looks so good.Small salads pre-pizza were BIG and just right. I had the caesar and would order it again. Great service, too. The place was empty on a Sat. night which is a crime. This is one pizza place that should be hoppin' every night. What are you hungry pizza lovers waiting for? Get over here and get some!!!
4	I'm a fan of Deep Dish Pizzas. I'd take Deep Dish over Thin! But I'd eat Either One Any Day!.. First discoverd this place about 3 years ago and been eating here every so often. 2 Orders that made me an Instant Fan:1. Chicken Vesuvio: A Pair of Chicken Skinless Chicken Fillet drenched in a pool of olive oil with herbs, spices and Garlic! I Mean Infused with Garlic! And 4 Large Slices of Potato Wedges. Presented on a Large Rectangle Plate.. Just Beautiful! Nicely Portioned and Taste So Gooood!2. Deep Dish Pepperoni & Sausage Pie: Takes them approximately 45 minutes to prepare! Now this was more of a Pizza Pie! Thick, Saucey, Not too Cheesy and Toppings (especially the sausage) were a Hit! The Crust kind of crumbled like a Apple Pie crust. I haven't had too many Deep Dish Pies but this one is much better than Rosati's by a few miles!!* Other Orders Not quite as good but decent: Chicken Marsala, Spaghetti with Meatballs (meatballs enormous like Buca Di Beppo), Minestrone Soup, House Salad with creamy garlic dressing (dressing kinda sweet). When I feel Deep Dish Pizza Pie, I come here. If I'm not feeling CPK's "Chicken Milanese" (btw one of their healthiest entrees and its damn good!) but still want chicken thats more unique, I come here for the Vesuvio. Service average but our Last Visit here the Service was Better. More Prompt and Comforting because of our server: "Erica". Thanks! Prices a little high but worth the treat once in a while, in my opinon.
4	One day I found a menu for this place stuck in our front door. Ever since then, we have ordered delivery a few times. Delivery is usually pretty quick. They always tell me that the wait time will be 45 minutes, but it ends up being about 25-30 minutes. The one thing that annoys me about the employees who take the phone orders is that they never tell me what my total is before asking for my payment. Seriously! I give them my order. Then they ask, "How will you be paying? Cash or Credit Card?" I ALWAYS have to ask them, "Uh, what is my total?" I mean that is common sense, right? They should always tell their customers what their total is BEFORE asking for payment!!I haven't tried too many items on their menu, but this is what I like so far:-BBQ Baby Back Ribs: I have definitely had better, but these ribs were still pretty good. I usually get this if I am really hungry since it also comes with beans, fries and cornbread. -Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza: full of flavor and very filling for a thin crust pizza.-Deep Dish Pizza (with Pepperoni, Sausage and Olives): Our party ordered this earlier this week and it was the first time I had actually dined in the restaurant. I rarely eat Deep Dish Pizza, but this was pretty good and made me full very fast! They cut the slices so big that I was full after eating just one slice!What I didn't like:-Homemade Fried Mozzarella: not sure how to explain this one. I guess I was expecting it to taste like the Mozzarella Sticks you would normally order from other restaurants, but it tasted funny.-All the Pasta dishes I have tried: maybe it was because I ordered it for delivery or on bad days. Their cream sauce for the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo was too thick and lacked taste. I also felt that their marinara sauce was a bit too sweet. Prices are kind of high, but overall the food is pretty good.
5	This place has become my goto place for pizza on this side of town.  Great thin, crispy crust, zesty sauce and not too much cheese, Chicago-style, cut in squares, which I like.The little squares of pizza are great because, as with sushi and sushi rolls, you can always have just one more little piece until you are exactly full to the brim.Make sure to order with extra sauce.
1	Let a real Chicagoan review this deep dish pizza! This is all I have had so far was a deep dish cheese pizza for $18 excluding delivery fee. It was an hour and a half wait but they told me that right from the get-go so that is okay. They took my credit card info without even telling me how much my total was first, which I found odd. This deep dish is no more than extra thick crust! The only thing deep about it was the crust. Had the same amount of cheese as a regular thin crust. I hope you like really sweet sauce because this is how it is.The crust was also overly dense and on the hard side. I called and wanted to 'exchange' one of the deep dishes for a regular thin crust. No-one wanted to eat it, not even my 3 & 4 year old.  I am not one to send food back but I just couldn't justify spending $42 (with tip)  on a pizzas that I felt sucked. The woman on the phone was not too overly friendly and as a matter of fact said "That is just how our pizza is, I seen it come out of the oven." To me that is just bad customer service. In the end after a 10 min hold time I was informed that the manager was sending out a thin crust in exchange for the uneaten deep dish.  The one star rating is more for the pizza itself. I guess I would rate the customer service at more like a 2 since they did exchange my pizza with little hassle, although it was another 1.5 hour wait! The thin crust was much better but I wont order again since the sauce is way to sweet for me.
4	cheesy garlic bread was excellent!  chicken vesuvio not as good as in chicago, but still good...  chicken alfredo as always a little plain but enjoyable. overall i would recommend amore and will return...  only negative are the prices are a bit on the high side.update:  this place discriminates against people due solely to their illnesses and i nor any of my friends nor fellow celiac patients will be frequenting this place.  according to the owner, "you people" are just a pain in his ass!!  absolutely awful owner!!!
5	It was all that and a bag of chips! I have lived here too long to not have gone in here before now. I lived in chicago for a couple of years and AMORE'S is right there with Lou's and UNO'S. From smell, presentation, and most important the taste....I was so impressed! It's hard to know what your going to get when your going to a restaurant that'claiming it can recreate a taste and memories from your past. And AMORE'S truly does capture the chicago deep dish pizza style. So if you've ever been to chicago and want that taste again or you never been but always wanted to try a true  chicago deep dish this is the place hands down.
3	I went here with my wife and kid and have been eating to try it for quite some time. I've been in before with a friend and the smell was divine. We came in and were seated promptly. They had a booster seat for our daughter and were prompted with our order. The service there was very good. The food however was a different story. I ordered the chicken Marsala and my wife got the ravioli's. The ravioli's were good but the presentation was abut tricky. It was on this massive plate covered in marinara and looked like more than it actually was. We ordered a side of the garlic bread which, while it tasted decent, could've been so much better. The cheese on it was a bit bland and it just looked so much better than it actually was. My chicken Marsala which came with spaghetti was not to my liking. Way too much Marsala in the sauce and way to runny. You take a chance with anyones chicken Marsala and this time I lost. All in all it just didn't live up to what I would expect good Chicago pasta to be like. But then again we are in Vegas.
1	I live close to their restaurant and was very hungover on a Sunday morning and didn't want to leave my house so I decided to order for delivery. It only took an hour for delivery when I live just 2 miles away but I do understand the nature of the delivery business. I was just disappointed that it was luke warm and tasted like frozen pizza.
4	Pizza, my obsession. Chicago deep dish, my boyfriends obsession.. This is why we remain together after all this time. :P Of course we got the deep dish pizza, and of COURSE it was delicious, cuz... it''s pizza... with fresh ingredients.. It turned out not to be the deep dish my boyfriend was looking for; he had this one deep dish once back in GA, and he firmly believes that all deep dish should be just like that one, but I liked it! Prices weren't too bad either!
5	Just tried their deep dish, and have to say, I think the thin crust is really where Amore shines. I'm tellin' ya, its the kind of pizza you end up thinking about weeks later. Its *that* good.
3	I've had they're thin crust pizza a couple of times. It's actually pretty good!! Good pizza is very hard to come by in Vegas so I'll def keep ordering from this place since it's close to my work!! The crust and their toppings are super yummy.  The sauce is very mediocre in my opinion. I would def recommend it if you're near that area but don't go out of your way to go there. I'll try some more of their other options next time. maybe i'll re- review it!!
5	This is the 3rd time we've eaten at Amore this week! The best customer service, the owner comes and greets you at your table, the atmosphere is amazing, fun, comfortable, and the food! Where do I begin? It's not Chicago-Style Pizza...IT IS CHICAGO PIZZA! Shrimp Scampi, Lasagna, Sausage and Peppers, the appetizers, everything is 5-star. Prices are great, and we leave happy and full. Oh. And the cannoli...was to die for. The next time you're looking for something different, go to Amore Taste of Chicago. Finally someone got Chicago food right!
5	I had the Italian Beef combo, one word, AWESOME.  This is a great little place for anyone looking for, well, A taste of Chicago.
4	I want to publicly apologize for the years I adamantly preached that thin crust pizza is best.  Amore changed my pizza loving ways forever. So--dear eaters--I sincerely apologize for not listening to you Chicago deep dish lovers.  I was so wrong.Amore is one of those pizza joints that you pass by while driving home, but never take the time to stop in.  Since I'm a bit adventurous at the moment, I decided to cancel my mail order deep dish from Chicago (from Lou Malnati's) and take my mother here for some Italian.  There are two reasons I chose this place out of all places in Vegas - 1) the reviews are oustanding, and 2) the chicago deep dish pizza.  When you first walk in, you see a casual eatery; the usual metal chairs and chicago-dressed 4 top tables fill the seating area.  There's sports memorabilia on counters, and posters on walls. But forget the decor--the scent of cheese and pasta should get you excited when you walk in the door.The staff is friendly and will tell you what is best when you ask.  I trust the staffers, since they eat the food for lunch daily.  The consensus? - Ribs, deep dish, and lasagna.  The girls say that the ingredients are from home (Chicago), so it tastes just as good, if not better.  It takes 45 minutes for a deep dish'er, but trust me--it is worth the wait.The appetizer list is short and sweet.  We went for the usual fare--some breaded mushrooms with ranch dressing.  Their breading is well seasoned, crispy and isn't oily at all.  There were no grease stains on the plate even after sitting for a few minutes.  The lasagna is creamy, layered with sliced sausage and ricotta and dressed with a fresh tomato sauce that is so darn good.  I like the sliced sausage or meatballs in the lasagna and LOVE the cheesiness.  The sauce, with it's tangy kick balances the sausage and  cheese out well.  The ribs are melt-in-your-mouth tender and they aren't slathered in sauce, which I appreciate.  It's sweet and smoky with a bit of spice and tang.  Served with lots of fries and some beans, it's a big boy dinner.The star of the night was the deep dish pie we ordered.  The first time I laid my eyes on it I was excited to see the crust uneven.  The sauce is fresh and the cheese, decadent.  The first slice came up with the spatula followed by a strings of cheese, almost endless as I placed the first slice on my plate.  This is not your pick up and eat pizza; this requires a fork and knife.  The crust is flaky and buttery, well seasoned and so much fun to eat.  The cheese is creamy and unending, the sauce tangy but sweet, and the pepperoni crispy and gives just the right amount of saltiness to the dish.  The best part--the spicy kick in their sauce.  It's subtle, but there.  I ate half the pie, savored every bit of the crust, and wiped my plate with it to catch all the leftover cheese and gobs of sauce.  I did it all in complete silence and focus, mind you, finally coming up to breathe once I had my fill.  This joint is a great stop on anyone's Yelp to-try list. I have to admit that I wasn't thrilled at first to try a deep dish pizza, but once I saw it was love at first sight, and marriage by the first bite.  You cannot beat great pizza, let alone great deep dish, and this place takes the pie.
5	As Chicagoans who just moved to Vegas this year we were hopefully to find a taste of home.  WE FOUND IT!  The pizza, pasta and sandwiches are all amazing.  On top of that the service is fantastic and has the flavor of the midwest/Chicago niceness!  It's like walking in and talking to your family.  For anyone who wants the real-deal of Chicago...this is it!  Our new home away from home.
2	The topping are good. The Crust needs work. also expensive. Not going back for seconds...lol
3	We finally made it here after everyone raving about the deep dish Chicago-style pie made our mouths water. After working in Chicago for a lengthy amount of time and trying every pizza joint under the sun, Amore is OK, but not a worthy rave. The crust is buttery and overly sweet, kind of reminiscent of Gino's East. If you looking for a Giordano's/Lou Malnati's flavor, check out Rosati's or Maciano's...their sauces are a little more on the spicy side (read: more flavorful) and their crusts are not sweet so it doesn't seem like you're eating a pastry covered with sauce and cheese. The place is cute inside and service very quick and friendly. I will be back to try a beef sandwich though!!!!
5	It's like going to Chicago
3	Not the best. I did not really enjoy it much, even though it was the number one chicago style pizza in Las Vegas. They did it wrong, and made the Chicago style pizza's toppings on top, instead of in the middle. The only thing good or special about it was that It smelled great.
3	Feeling lazy, we looked through the crap load of take out menus in our junk drawer and decided to order from Amore Taste of Chicago. We opted for a large thin crust pizza with pepperoni, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers plus a small cheese thin crust pizza. The total was about $35, not bad.The crust was thicker than a typical NY style thin crust and was a little tough. Not chewy or crispy. I should have known better than to order a thin crust from a Chicago joint. I'm sure the deep dish would have been the better option. The pizzas weren't bad, there are just plenty of better spots for that style of pie.
3	Maybe the BEST service I've ever received. We're you expecting me to say pizza? Well the pizza is not my cup of tea but the rest of my party devoured it. Seriously, D-voured it. My reason for not loving the pizza is probably the same reason that makes this pizza so fabulous for almost everyone else...cheese. Amore's pizzas are absolutely loaded, dripping, oozing with hot, gooey cheese.  Which apparently is only an issue for me. I prefer my pie with tons of crushed tomatoes, lots of yummy veggies and very lightly sprinkled with just a smidgen of mozzarella. I know that I'm in the minority here so when my group of six suggested a trip to this eatery I happily went along for the company and the beer, which, much to my dismay, they don't serve. Frown.The view from here is amazing. The entire front wall of this restaurant is one giant window with an unobstructed view of the fabulous Las Vegas Strip. The decor is pretty cool as well. The walls are over-crowded with photographs from cityscapes to movie stars and athletes. They have a really nice panorama of the Chicago skyline right when you walk in the front door. It's an overall inviting atmosphere thanks to the decor and the staff. We were greeted and seated immediately upon walking in and were very well taken care of throughout the meal. We sat around talking for a good bit after the meal and bill were taken care of and the waitress still kept checking on us periodically. She even brought out a large platter with a generous potion of zeppoles (fried dough strips) for dessert on the house. They were fresh from the fryer and topped with powdered sugar and a drizzle of honey. Very nice finishing touch.
4	Fantastic  Pizza and sandwiches!!  I chose them the first time, because i used to live in Chicago, and they advertise Chicago style pizza.  Now, being from Chicago, i know that's a tall order to advertise and nearly impossible to impersonate.  They pizza was FANTASTIC and exactly as we used to eat in Chicago.  Best Pizza in town!!
4	Friendly comfortable and food was great. Would have given 5 stars if they had wine or beer, but they said they were working on that.
5	This restaurant is exactly what I needed when I needed it....I'm from Chicago and this place made me miss home...the service was even better than the food...come hungry cuz you'll wanna eat the whole menu...I'll be comin back for a beef in a few days before my vacay is over...official chi-town deep dish
3	Craving a big pizza pie!  My husband made a "pre order" via the computer and when we arrived, the food arrived to our table almost instantaneously.  We got chicken Marsala, sauteed chicken and mushrooms smothered in Marsala sauce.  It was delicious.  We also got a deep dish pizza with homemade sausage, mushrooms and ricotta cheese.  The pie has huge, the crust crispy on bottom, with sweet tomato sauce.  Very good meal.  The service is excellent, the meal was excellent, we'll be back!
4	I ordered from here only as a last minute delivery switch from another Italian restaurant that never got our order through Eat24.  After waiting well over an hour and learning of the problem, we switched to RoadRunner and found this restaurant.I ordered the eggplant parmesan, which comes with a side of spaghetti, and ordered garlic bread as well.I've always said that if I were on death row, my mom's eggplant parmesan is the last meal I'd want, and this dish reminded me why.  Nicely seasoned, not mushy or undercooked, and very good sauce.  You know that if the sauce is bad, everything is bad! They did a great job.  The pasta was fine, nothing out of the ordinary, but again, yummy sauce!  The garlic bread was buttery and nicely seasoned with garlic.  I would definitely order from here again. I'd like to try their pizza.UPDATE: after ordering from here several times I actually came out here to pick up an order rather than have it delivered. Looked like a comfy place to sit down and enjoy a casual meal. The main thing that got me was the heavenly aroma that took me back to Chicago, where my family used to go to Gino's, famous for their deep dish pizza. Sigh...
5	Best pizza in Vegas...hands down!  I was born and raised in Chicago, and in the 9 years I've lived in Vegas, I've done a lot of complaining about the absence of a good Chicago pizza joint.  But NO MORE!  This place is it!  I'm always greeted and treated like family.  Everyone in there is extremely hospitable, and the service is impeccable.  Plus, the place is always filled with actual Chicago natives....so you know it's the real deal!  I've had both the deep dish and the thin crust, and they nailed 'em both!  The atmosphere is very lively and relaxed.  You'll even find the owner mingling with the guests and chatting about back home.  I recommend this place to everyone.  In fact, I'll be bringing a bunch of my friends there to show them what Chicago pizza is really all about!
3	My friend brought me here raving about the food....  It was Saturday night dinner time...  Waitress was very nice, brought us drinks and a complimentary plate of fresh brussetta,,, it was really really  good.. We ordered the fried ravioli and cheesey garlic bread.... They were average at best...   We also ordered a large pizza pep and sausage think crust.... It was pretty good.... I would order food from here again...One thing, while the waitress was great,, her co-workers,, stood around while this lady busted her ass...  Four guys standing around,,, pretty pathetic if you ask me,,, It was a joke at our table as we watched these guys do nothing while this older lady handled the front of the house....
1	Their menu says they're open till 11, but actually they won't take your pick-up order (regardless of size) after 10:30. So, say you call at 10:34, you're outa luck. Maybe the food is good, but it's hard to tell when they refuse to take an order for it. Kind of a pathetic way to handle yourselves in regards to service.
4	Wheeennnnn thheeeeee moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie thats AMORE TASTE OF CHICAGOOOO.Ok. So I tried to change up the lyrics. So what. However, every time I walk into that place. It's true. I am in love. Amore Taste of Chicago is by far the closest thing I have to Chicago style food in Las Vegas. I must admit the first time I went I may have gone a little overboard with my friends (who are Chicago natives)  . We first decided just to get a deep dish pizza and a salad. You know to keep it fresh and light. Then we happened to see they have thin crust pizza. So we got that to.  Oh and maybe a few Chicago style hot dogs. Get off my back man. We were excited! Needless to say everything was delicious. You really can't go wrong. However, some people at the table preferred thin crust to deep dish. Things were civil... until a pepperoni was thrown.As for me, I loved them both. Deep dish, thin crust. I don't care. Amore puts a whole lotta love into all their dishes.             The family atmosphere I believe makes the experience even more wonderful. The place was packed with families wearing their Chicago sports team apparel . Not to mention the staff which makes you feel like you have been going there for years!Amore Taste of Chicago is by far one of my  favorite places to dig in & I suggest you do  the same! My Tips: 1) When ordering a deep dish, know that they can take up to 45 min to               make. Trust me its worth the waits. 2) DO NOT walk into Amore's wearing an other sports apparel besides Chicago teams. It's just polite. DA BEARS
5	Yes it's REAL Chicago deep dish pizza and if you have ever lived in Chicago you know the difference. This  is the only I repeat only place in the Las Vegas valley that even comes close to duplicating REAL Chicago pizza.Order the Pizza only don't get cuteIt's worthy at any driving distance
4	Hands down, the best deep dish pizza in Vegas! I dined at this casual restaurant with my husband, and we split a medium deep dish pepperoni pizza.  Before ordering, the waitress advised that the deep dish pies take 40 minutes, but taking a friend's recommendation about this place, we decided that a 40 minute wait wouldn't be too bad. And, oh boy, it was SO worth the wait! The crust on this pizza was dense and buttery. The pepperoni was crisp and the cheese was melted and stringy, just the way it ought to be! The sauce they use is sweet, but not overpowering. The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because I felt that it should have had a bit more pepperoni on the pizza, and because the house salad and bread basket were nothing to write home about. Looking for terrific deep dish pizza?... Look no further! It's waiting for you at Amore!
2	Deep dish is just OK. $5 delivery fee seems excessive. Price given over the phone was two dollars less than the price that arrived at the door. Delivery guy gave me some lame excuse I wasn't buying. Overall an extremely underwhelming experience. If you're looking for good deep dish try Maciano's. Better food without the price gouging.
4	I heard this was legit Chicago pizza....I won't chime in on that fact, since I am not familiar, so take this review as just another pizza review...The pizza was good here...not great like I was expecting.  Actually, this was probably my fault, getting hyped about it so much.I'm probably too used to NY style thin crust pizza...where the super thick Chicago style crust just filled me up like a blimp.Overall, I could come here again...but I won't be running back anytime soon.
5	The atmosphere was warm and inviting, Rosemary was very hospitable and tended to our order quickly.  She and the owner made us feel very welcomed, almost like we were eating with family at home.  The owner gave out absolutely delicious, house-made, braschetta...on the house to all his patrons.  The pizza took 45 minutes to cook, which was fine by me, and gave my partner plenty of time to chat, contemplating our pizza.  When it arrived we were awestruck!  The pizza quality was out of this world.  The crust was thick and delicious, the fresh tomatoes were slightly sweet, and the cheese quality was great.  The pizza was cooked to absolute perfection and totally worth the wait. The pizza was perfect, tasted like home made deliciousness, the atmosphere was welcoming, which makes it totally worth the trip back every time.  If I want great pizza made by "family", I'm going to Amore!
4	This place is pretty awesome. I came in here one day and they have pretty awesome lunch specials. $4.95! You can get half a sandwich (meatball, Chicago beef, or Italian sausage) with fries. These are good for lunch time. If you really want something delicious though, you gotta get the deep dish pizza. It is delicoussssss!!!! The only down fall for me was I'm not a huge fan of pizza sauce being chunky and it is chunky and kinda sweet. That's why it gets 4 stars instead of 5. If you do order the deep dish pizza though call in advance because it takes about an hour to make. I have had the three sandwich lunch special mentioned previously. The italian sausage was good. Not my favorite out of the three. You can add hot peppers to it for fifty cents I believe and same with the beef sandwich. The beef sandwich gives you a good amount of roast beef on it which more the better in my opinion. The meat ball sub was good for an extra buck you can add cheese which is worth it because they give you a good amount. Plus it has, I believe, homemade meatballs on it. Pretty good stuff and the price is hard to beat. It's better than eating at a fast food place for the same price. The service is good, they get you what you want in a good amount of time. Good job guys.
5	Dare I say that I like Amore's deep dish pizza even better than the pizza I had in Chicago? No need to hop on a plane to go all the way to Gino's when we have Amore Taste of Chicago here in Vegas. My favorite thing about it... It's hard to narrow it down to only one so here's a few. Their sauce is so flavorful and made from real crushed tomatoes. The ingredients are extremely fresh. Their thick crunchy cornmeal crust is never oily. Every time I have ordered from here, my pizza has been perfectly cooked. I love this pizza! I'm just mad that I tried it because now I'm hooked and I'm going to get fat. When I become too out of shape and have to give up modeling because of this guys, I blame Amore! It's all their fault! Don't say I didn't warn you. ;)
5	Seriously the best pizza I've ever had!  Had the thin crust with a LOT of toppings and it was still crispy and perfect.  I also had my 20 month old daughter there with me and as anyone with kids knows it's hard to keep them entertained and not terrorizing the entire place!  Well the hostess/waitress/owner (not sure) played with my daughter and then gave her a set of dominoes to play with.  All the other staff were so nice with her too.  It was the magic bullet!  She was entertained the rest of the meal and I actually got to eat hot food!  So all in all, food and service were simply fantastic!  I have only done 1 or 2 reviews for other places because it has to be something special for me to follow through with a review but i just LOVED this place!
5	Best "deep dish pizza" in the Southwest. This is our first stop in LV when arriving from San Diego.
5	Longing for Chicago style pizza, I went back to this place and ordered the large, deep dish pizza (feeds 3-4) with sausage.  They started out on the right foot by telling me it would take 35 minutes to bake to pie.  Coming from Chicago, you know that is about right.  The pizza came out of the kitchen and I was everything I wanted.  From the crust to the sauce, CHICAGO!!!!!L  I will be back
4	Our pal Lauren, who's from Chicago, has found a culinary Chi-town oasis here in Sin City, aptly known as Amore Taste of Chicago.We dined there on a recent Friday evening in celebration of Lauren's birthday.  Amore serves up authentic Chicago-style pizza, which is what draws Lauren to this place on a regular basis.  She's also a fan of the staff, who were friendly and accommodating the night that Mike and I were there for the party.Mike and I shared an order of cheesy garlic bread, which came with a side of marinara. The bread was toasty, the cheese gently melted: a nice appetizer. For my entree, I chose Shrimp Diablo with crushed tomatoes and hot peppers on a bed of linguine. It's typically a pretty spicy dish, so I asked if they could tone it down for me. They agreed, and they delivered. It was still hot after a few bites built the spices up, but not nearly as much as it would have been. I adapted by repeatedly adding grated parm until the red sauce turned slightly orange. Strategic gulps of iced tea helped, too.  The sauce tasted fresh, and the linguine was al dente.The only bothersome detail was the tails left on the shrimp. I know it looks better, but I hate it when restaurants do that, especially for hot dishes.  There's just no good way to remove the tails without burning yourself and/or making a big, saucy mess. Mike, of course, decided on pepperoni pizza for his meal. This was no surprise. The man could live on pizza seven days a week; he loves it that much. He selected thin crust because we've been trying to cut down on carbs... or that's what we tell ourselves.  It was good.The thick-crust pies were a sight to behold. They were huge and seemed to be packed full of meaty, cheesy, tomato-y goodness.  Here's a mushroom and sausage pie that Steve ordered.  Steve let me sample the crust, and it was delicious.  There are not a lot of options for dessert, but that's okay.  You're probably too full from the main course to eat it anyway, or you should be.  Still, Mike couldn't resist ordering some cannoli.  He made it contingent on me sharing with him, and I agreed.  I didn't want to let him down.  Aren't I a good wife?Having eaten two pieces of garlic bread and half the shrimp, I was no longer hungry, but I managed to have a couple of tastes of the cannoli.  It was yummy.  Sometimes, if they've pre-filled them and left them sitting, the shells can get soft.  This one was crisp, breaking off with a satisfying crunch beneath our forks.  The cream was rich but not overly so, and the sweetness was just right with the chocolate chips.
5	The best Chicago food period Deep dish pizza and thin crust  out of this world .. You would think you were In Chicago  italian beefs   Pasta , Ribs too
5	Amore is THE place in vegas for my favorite food group, Deep Dish Pizza! I accidentally discovered this place over a year ago and have been coming regularly ever since. I've even gotten to know the owner Joe who is a great guy! His pizzas are deep, delicious, and attractively priced. The atmosphere is very family friendly, not dark and smokey like so many of it's peers.Try it... you won't regret it...
5	I have never been to Chicago so I can't vouch for the authentic taste but I know good food when I taste it! I started off with the Bruschetta that had fresh tomato and garlic over toasty bread. I like that they didn't drench it with olive oil because I don't like when the bread gets soggy. It was perfectly delicious!  Lately I've been obsessed with artichokes so I was happy to find their White Pizza. I ended up ordering the small 10" pizza for $13.50. The tasty pizza also had artichokes, spinach, garlic, mozzarella with drizzled olive oil.  The cheese was gooey just how I like it! I ended the meal with the Fried Dough for dessert. The warm dough was sprinkled with powdered sugar and trickled with honey. When I thought I couldn't eat any more I found room for these little bits of sweetness. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. The tables have different scenes of Las Vegas on them and the walls are decorated with celebrity, sports and Chicago memorabilia. It's a nice place to meet with friends and family because the service was also very welcoming. My drink never went empty the whole time I was there!
2	Placed an order for deliver about 1.5hrs ago. Lady said it will be 40 min. ok I get even 50 min but hell... Why pay extra for delivery. Little upsetting. Maybe if its backed up tell customer you're busy it could be up to 2hrs?
3	Growing up on New York style thin crust, I'm definitely not an expert on Chicago-style deep dish pizza... But this place just didn't do it for me. I think it was the dough. The flavors were ok, it was just a bit undercooked. It wouldn't stop me from coming back and trying it once more. I think I'll have to call and order ahead though... Ain't trying to wait like an hour again!
5	Excellent deep dish pizza.  It does take 45 minutes to fully make/bake so I recommend the order ahead feature.  If you want to dine in, call ahead to order the pizza and ask that they reserve you a table.  Also, the service was very attentive and courteous.
5	Move over no name pizza. The new king of pizza in Vegas is Amore!After stumbling upon one of their ads in the local paper, I immediately drove out and had to try this pizza which looked so delicious. My roommate and I ordered the deep dish pepperoni, and the mozzarella "sticks." The fried mozzarella was something I've never had before, and was blown away by it. Not your average run of the mill fried mozzarella. It is fried to perfection, and the sweet marinara compliments the rich taste perfectly.Now the pizza, since that first time, I've been to Amore a half dozen times more. It's that good! I thought it was on the expensive side, but I quickly realize it is well worth it. The sauce is sweet just how I like it, you can just taste the freshness of the crushed tomatoes. The amount of cheese is perfect, not overbearing. But the main attraction for me is the crust. It is soft, buttery, flaky goodness. When you bite into it, the flavors just explodes in your mouth. The food is so good I'm catatonic after every meal at Amores! I'm salivating as I type this review. Go to Amores!
5	After reading Nelson and Sylvia Q.'s reviews of Amore TOC and seeing pics, I resolved to go here and sample authentic Chicago-style deep dish pizza pie.  And, after ordering a medium Pepperoni & Mushroom deep dish pie for myself, what I learned is that what is served here really is not just pizza--but extremely filling pizza PIE!  There's plenty of filling, and the cheesy and saucy gooeyness tasted great, but there is also a great deal of almost inch high and high-backed cornmeal crust to these pizzas.  After eating a large cup of homemade Minestrone Soup and an excellent House Salad with lettuce, tomato, white cucumber, pepperoncini, mozzarella, croutons, and a zesty Italian Dressing that also turned out to be large in size, plus 2 small pieces of Diane's thin-crust Canadian Bacon & Cashews Pizza with Extra Cheese, I could only finish 3 slices of my pie before calling it a night.  And after giving away 2 slices to friends who had to cancel going out with us to Amore the last minute because of a sudden air conditioning leak, the following evening after downing another salad I was again barely able to eat the remaining 3 slices at home for dinner.  The deep dish slices were formidable, but they were really good: cheesy, saucy in a sweet way, and with a buttery crust that was not charred in the least.  What I also found to be remarkable is the consistency of Amore's deep dish pies.  Every one I saw being transported through the dining room looked perfect--with a golden crust and a smoking, piping hot center.  Although not as remarkable, I liked the taste of the thin-crust pizza as well, which was very cheesy and flavorful, but its crust is more of a cracker consistency like one will be likely to find in Rome.  The Minestrone Soup deserves mention in its own right, for it was first class.  Very hot, it sported pieces of carrots, Italian beans, bits of tomato, cubes of potato, and Ditalini pasta in a hearty stew-like broth.  And, the mozzarella-laced House Salad was very good, too.            Rosemary and Joey were great, friendly hosts who, despite never seeing either of us before, made us feel welcome, and seated us right away in a crowded room.  Our server, too, was very attentive.  I came for deep dish pizza, and found it to be every bit as good as Chicago's Uno, Due, and Gino's, all of which I have previously enjoyed in the Windy City.  But the next time I come here--which I expect will be soon--I am going to try some of the other great-looking Italian dishes I saw pass by on their way to other diners, such as Shrimp Francaise and a Sausage & Pepper Platter.  This is clearly not a one note eatery!
3	Partially only giving a 3 due to price. I don't think an order of spaghetti with meatballs and fried mushrooms should be over $20.... I'm just saying... I took my order to go, since I was feeling pretty good from spending the day at Fremont street. I ate the fried mushys on the way home, which were delicious. When I got home, I got ready to eat the spaghetti. There was no fork or napkins, which is a no no in my book... What if I was staying in a hotel??  Or just the fact that I hate doing dishes, even if it is only a fork. Annoying. While eating the spaghetti, I was quite content. It was very delicious. I started to realize it was very salty, though. There is enough for lunch tomorrow, which is a positive. If I recall, they used to give you a side salad with your dinner... High price and no side salad, not cool.Definitely delicious, though. Won't drive out of my way for it.
1	It pains me extremely to give Amore only 3 stars!!  We have been going to/ordering from here very often for over a year, even when I was diagnosed with Celiac and had to go gluten-free. I waited patiently only ordering Chicken Vesuvio, until they recently started carrying gluten-free products.  Now I realize when ordering in I take the risk of being contaminated, but thankfully not only am I very aware  but as well am a bit paranoid...  I have never had a problem ordering from there gluten or otherwise, until tonight!!  I ordered gluten-free pasta and received the complete opposite in WHEAT!!  I called questioning and it was treated nonchalantly as if a pizza arrived with wrong toppings rather than the fact I was almost poisoned, which would land me in the hospital immediately...  Not only were they completely flippant about what just happened,. I even needed to be the one to bring up about being refunded!  After a brief verbal brawl I finally just gave the phone back to the delivery guy, since he was yelling for it back, he gave us our refund and I handed him back the re-made meal, there was no way I was eating their food ever again!As I said before, I hate deducting stars from a place I love so much but if them giving me wheat pasta wasn't bad enough they showed little to no remorse to a VERY FREQUENT customer!!  Not cool!!  Not to mention even if  it didn't work out for me to eat there again and feel comfortable, I have a very hungry boyfriend whose always enjoyed the taste of their foodlll Until the truth of their personalities came out!UPDATE: This review has gone down to 1 star after being treated in such a POOR manner by the manager/owner.  He truly lost me as a customer when he said "I only ordered this stuff for YOU POEOPLE."  And continued on stating that he would take if off if he could.  I have never thought the bigotry I would endure in life would be because of an illness which limits what I can eat!  Shame on this place!  I could have become seriously ill from their mistake and his only response was a chuckle saying, "What, am I supposed to sign off on all Gluten-Free items that leave the kitchen?"  No Jackhole, you are supposed to educate your staff when you take on the responsibility of serving a very large community of people who are doing this not by choice but for survival!
5	This is a lil cute place to dine with family. Should you get the Chicago deep dish call ahead and order because its gonna take 50 mins for them to cook this dish. I had the deep dish pizza and the fried dough with powdered sugar & honey. This is the best place on earth. That's all I can say. The Staff cater to you and the chef comes out to greet you and say hello. And they have a good view of Vegas just stand in the parking lot and bam you can see the entire Las Vegas strip. The place is SO clean I went to the restroom. And...people I don't EVER go to public restrooms. If every place in VEGAS was run this well their would be no bad reviews ever. I give this place 90,000  stars. And I will make the husband take me every chance I get.
5	I am never going to be the same person again since Yelp came into my life! If you are a "Avid Yelper" it's like a religious revelation..Hallelujah! CAN I GET AMEN BROTHERS!  *AMEN!!* Lets Eat!!Having bookmarked ATC for six months prior to my trip,Amore Taste of Chicago is a place that I made a point to stop at!.Being deprived in Hawaii (Note: Chi-Town Deep Dish Pizza Co in Hawaii isn't even close to this)and not plan on visiting Chicago in the near future. We set out our journey to find ATC. The drive was not bad from downtown and willing to do anything or drive anywhere I didn't care...Arriving to ATC I was very very excited!  Finally my wait is over!..Walking in...I just LOVED the interior of this place,with all the pictures of Chicago Sports Greats and Celebrities that filled the walls.It just puts you in the mood for whats to come next.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA#L6-nCU2crqXwISzmLaB0WQWe order:*Reg house salad which includes fresh mozzarella cheese. The salad could feed 4 people easily. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA#TfxXspSgSZ6bJ5xaD--raA*Chicago Style Deep Dish 14" with Sausage and Pepperoni pie http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA#TuP3Fgf3fxeEFut83VA3xwI was just in awe to seeing our server Rosemary scoop the first slice out of that thick beautiful pie. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8olG8J91NG_QU92WHG5QfA#5hE8XUhSbkfC52cWsjVHvQ  The thickness of the slice,fresh tomato sauce and melting cheese oozing out was just an awesome site to see.Funny how digging into a pizza with a fork and knife never felt so right. The first thing that hits you is the great the flavor of the fresh tomatoes bursting when it hits your palate,spiciness of the sausage and pepperoni,Oh My God How Buttery The Crust Is...OMG! I just had a Foodgasm!Our friend who had just returned from Chicago the previously week also was enjoying the pizza with us remarked it was like being in Chicago again!Our server Rosemary was so friendly and helpful with all my questions I asked.Rosemary: Where are you all from?Me: Hawaii !Rosemary: From Hawaii? *With a surprised look* How did you find us?Me: Yelp!  ATC has some great reviews and I had to try great deep dish pizza! (Thank You all my LV Yelp friends!)Just some helpful information:*The normal wait for a Deep Dish is 45minutes*You can call ahead for seating and pre-order your pie. It will cut down the waiting time. http://www.amoretasteofchicago.com/*Located in Parkview Plaza.Big Mahalos! To ATOC and Rosemary for the great Deep Dish Experience!
5	One of the best deep dish pizza's in Vegas.  The crust isn't doughy, the bottom of the pie is crusted lightly, and the thickness of it smothered with the a sweet sauce, melted cheese and assorted meats is just like eating, well, a pie.My husband knows it takes a while for one of these big pizza's to cook, so he manages to pre order and when we walk in, they are expecting us and we are seated right away and a juicy hot pizza is delivered to our table.   No waiting!The staff are friendly, eager to please and always prompt.  The pizza's great here!
4	I've been going here for a couple of years already and enjoy their Italian beef sandwiches. This place has got them tasting closest to Chicago style Italian beef, but I'm still on the hunt for something that tastes just like Portillo's. Their Chicago style pizza is also very good. If you've never tried it before, get the smallest pie possible. One slice will do you in, unless you can eat like a total fatty. Oh, and of course, try the Chicago dog!
4	On my most recent venture here, Amore proved that besides likely being the best deep dish pizza maker in the Las Vegas Valley, it is a dead-ahead spaghetti red place.  In other words, it really knows how to make basic pasta classics like Spaghetti & Meatballs and Fettuccine Alfredo, and Southern Italian staples like Minestrone Soup, Chicken Parm, and Cannoli.Hot and slightly spicy Minestrone Soup was clearly homemade, with Ditalini, large pieces of carrot, celery, and zucchini.  The very large bowl of soup was hot and very flavorful, enhanced by good Italian bread and butter.  Spaghetti & Meatballs with Meat Sauce & Mushrooms, with a hint of garlic, was hot, excellent in taste, and all I hoped it would be.  It, too, was a large portion, with two ample meatballs, so that one-third was taken home for a pleasurable lunch the next day.  Diane's Chicken Parmigiana was quite tasty, with it and accompanying Fettuccine Alfredo covered by a smooth, creamy, and cheesy homemade Alfredo Sauce. To end the meal properly, homemade Cannoli featured a creamy and smooth sweet ricotta filling inside a crispy shell, mixed with flavorful dark chocolate chips and powdered sugar.  Service was brisk and helpful, with the dining area well lit and workmanlike but comfortable.  A helmet worn by Chicago Bears linebacker Dick Butkus perched next to our table added to the Chicago sports ambiance.
1	I read all the reviews about Amore and we decided to try it since my boyfriend loves authentic chicago deep dish pizza. I ordered the chicken angelo. I do not recommend the chicken angelo unless you like canned mushrooms and artichokes. I am sure everything was canned and not fresh. The angelo sauce is the easiest sauce to make fresh but not here. Also the bathrooms were dirty, dirty, dirty. We will not be returning.
5	It was back to Amore again, and this time it earned back a fifth star.  I have now learned that this casual Italian eatery is a triple threat: excellent Chicago-style deep dish pizza, fine pasta like Meatballs & Spaghetti, and superior Italian fancy fare like the difficult to find Chicken Angelo.Hearty homemade Minestrone Soup was excellent once more, as was a small House Salad with curls of Mozzarella Cheese and a tasty Italian Dressing.  And, slabs of Fried Mozzarella were really fine and delicious as a starter.  Bread and butter were good to counterbalance Meat Sauce & Spaghetti with Mushrooms; and Chicken Angelo was amazingly good, featuring chicken breasts that were literally fork tender, delicious artichoke hearts, and a very tasty lemony White Wine Sauce.  Meanwhile, other guests at my table pronounced the Meat Lasagna and Alfredo Sauce with Penne excellent.I will certainly return fairly soon, with a mean-looking Sausage, Peppers, & Potatoes likely next on tap for me to try.
5	Do you like deep dish pizza? If you said yes keep reading... Do you like Cheese? If yes keep going... Do you like fresh pizza sauce with a little zest? If you answered yes to all three of those questions, look no further this is the place. We had that nagging crazing for some pizza at work and we all tend to lean more towards the deep dish side of things so we decided to try this place out. We ordered 2 large Deep dish pizzas for the 6 of us and when we finished we had an entire pizza left, this did not happen because we didn't like it, it happened because this is massive pizza. There is no shortage of meat, cheese and sauce and it is definitely not floating in grease like some other pizzas we have ordered in the past. I really don't have anything bad to say about the quality of the food or service here. This is a class act in the world of pizza Pies. Searching for good pizza is a mission that many of us find ourselves embarking on and this is one stop you do not want to miss.
4	The sauce is a little too sweet for me but still really delicious, fresh tomatoes, home made sausage taste homemade, crust is crunchy. Just the way I like it. I have yet to taste the beef and the dogs.
1	Will never go back!!! Worst service ever!!! The waitresses were so rude and the food was worse then cheapest pizza out there like little caesars!! When we got our deep dish pizza it took them almost 2 hours for them to bring it out to us. And when we got the pizza, the crust tasted so bitter and the pizza itself almost had a little bit of a sour taste to it?! Yuck!!! Not to mention, while we were eating there, we saw coach roaches on one of the walls as well?! I don't understand how anyone could ever want to eat at this place?!
4	This review is for their stuffed pizza.We came here since South Chicago has apparently closed since my last visit, and we were looking for a Chicago-style pizza fix. My friend and I visited in mid-afternoon on a weekday. My friend was disappointed they don't serve alcohol; he likes a glass of wine with his pizza; it's something I never think to ask about. We both ordered a medium stuffed pizza, intending to take most of it home for meals over the next few days.  About 45 minutes later, our pies arrived. Both were the overstuffed delights like we had previously experienced, and we both have 3 days worth of meals packed in our refrigerators. I have some minor quibbles, so I'll address them here. First of all, they were out of mushrooms. How do you run out of mushrooms? So, no mushrooms on my pizza. The sauce was fine; we both agreed we liked it all right, but there was something about it that made us think it was not quite as good as what we'd had before. I ordered pepperoni and "homemade sausage" on my pie, and the sausage flavor was completely overpowered by the pepperoni. Next time I'll skip the pepperoni if I want to taste the sausage. Finally, part of the reason we visited the restaurant is that they did not deliver to our locations; we would have needed to use a 3rd party delivery service. In conclusion, I'll likely get pizza here again next time I'm in Las Vegas. Please don't close!
1	This placed used to be good until the last year.  My husband and I were regulars but the last few times this place is just aweful.  We are from Chicago as well.  The sauce on the pizza was so bland and had no flavor. The deep dish we had wasn't even edible, it was dry hardly any sauce and no flavor.  You will never find as good as  Lou Malnati's here but this place isn't even close.  Sorry Amore's but you lost our business after 10 years.  Ever since the head chef Enzo left and all the the staff changes including our favorite waitress Rosemarie not there anymore, the food went down hill too.  We went to Rosati's on Hulapai by Town Center and Wow it tasted just like Giordiano's.  Once you have their pizza you will never go back to Amore's.  Its very delicious, taste just like back home again.
5	I am originally from Chicago and tis is as close as it is going to get if you want Chicago deep dish pizza. Love the food; they even have green river!
4	Saw a commercial the past few weeks for this place and decided to give it a try. My wife and I met our friend for dinner last night. My friend and I had the ribs and my wife had a thin crust pizza.The ribs were excellent and came with fries, baked beans and corn bread. My wife liked her pizza.  The food and service was very good and we will be returning in the future.
1	gone downhill over the last year, repeatedly Burnt pizzas, what gives?
5	Great pizza Vegas style! I love the set up (tables with pictures from around town),and TVs to watch even though I don't care for sports.  My wife really wanted deep dish and so it was up to her. She ordered the deep dish ahead of time; with sausage, Jalapeno and garlic. It was delicious!!    We also had the bacon Cheddar fries.....mmmm- I had to work out three times today but totally worth it. There was a problem with the coke machine (it happens) and they didn't charge us extra.  Nice waitresses, very attentive. I look forward to going back!
1	I really want to put zero stars, but...I know pizza and this place has no clue what they're doing.Went here in the last 72 hours. Service sucked, pizza sucked, sauce was bland, nothing had salt in it, stuffed crust pizza crust was like cardboard, tables were dirty, chairs too, had to clean my own silverware it was just gross, my soda tasted like they had too much water in the mix, the foods options that are not part of the pizza menu are just nuked up rather than made from scratch and fresh.
3	Pretty Good. Good service, good pizza, good atmosphere. Nothing extraordinary but it did taste like home. Aurelios is better but WAY over there in Henderson!
5	I finally got the chance to try Amore's deep dish pizza. A little pre planning was involved because I knew that it would take about 40 minutes to prepare. I called in my order before we left just so we wouldn't have to wait so long. We came in and ordered some cheesey bacon fries while we waited for our order. We both ordered cokes but they were still cleaning their machine so they offered us some canned coke instead. It was nice that they didn't make us choose another soda flavor.Our pizza was ready once we finished the fries. The sauce had just the right amount of sweetness to it. The cheese was also nice and gooey. The slices are big! One piece would be sufficient for a meal. We were really satisfied with the pizza!
2	Quite possibly the most bland pizza I've EVER had, EVER! Thank goodness we added the peppercini (spelled wrong, not fixing) otherwise I would have been convinced that I was chewing on a piece of cardboard. My son ordered the penne pasta, at least they remembered to add some flavor to that dish. Place was packed, so I'm clearly in the minority. Sorry but this place was not good. I'd rather order from Marcos pizza or make the drive to Cosmo for some secret pizza.
4	Born and raised on Chicago pizza, these guys definitely get it right!! The crust was perfect, pepperoni was tasty and the sauce was terrific. There was just a little too much cheese and it could have used a little more sauce but was still terrific! They even brought a complimentary appetizer while we waited the 45 minutes (this is standard time for deep dish) for the pizza to be ready. I'll definitely be back when visiting Vegas. A little off the strip but oh so worth the 15 minute drive. The only complaint was the server (blonde), she was rude and visibly bothered when we would ask for stuff. Other staff seemed very friendly and pleasant. Hopefully next time we get one of them!
5	Being from Chi-town I know what Deep Dish is.   I have been searching for the Chicago style Deep Dish pizza since I moved here.  I have been disappointed with Rosati's pizza but when I tried Amore I felt like I was back in Chicago.  The Deep Dish pizza is spot on.  The crust is crunchy, cheese tastes fresh, and the sauce is very flavorful.  If anybody is looking for Chicago Style Deep Dish pizza, look no further.  You found it.
4	please please please get the breaded steak sandwich back..from Chicago and really miss Ricobenes..yours was actually better!!!Papa Geo's used to sell one and they went out of business...
5	Everything is excellent every time! No matter how busy or quiet the restaurant is, the quality is consistent.My wife, a native New Yorker, never liked deep dish pizza until Amore's! Now she loves it.The chicken dishes are delicious, the Italian cuisine is excellent, and the deep dish beats even native Giordano's or Lou's! It is just great.Combine the great food with great prices, amazing specials (a full rack of ribs on Wednesdays around $ 12!), and the best service... Amore's is well worth the drive from Henderson (or any other part of the valley)!
2	This was our first time ordering from Amore Taste of Chicago. We ordered a personal sized stuffed pizza which feeds 2-4 people, chicken fettuccine Alfredo and a cannoli.  Our total for these items was $45.26. After one (1) hour after having called our order in, the food was delivered. We both had a slice of pizza and fettuccine. The pizza was hot and smelled so good. It tasted like good pizza-but nothing to write home about.. However, the bottom crust was doughy and not cooked through. We didn't eat it. The fettuccine was creamy but not very flavorful, the chicken was pretty good though-I was glad to see that had been cooked thoroughly. Finally the cannoli-I would say this was the best part of our meal.
4	Could have easily given this pizza place 5 stars.  If this review were solely based on food, it would be 5 stars easily...  I had the a pepperoni/ sausage deep dish.  The flavors of the sauce were delicious.  Pizza came to me steaming with the aromas of what a Pizza should smell like.  The cheese blend was a perfect match to the this full flavored dough/crust.Only knock would be no beer/wine.  I love an excellent craft beer with a deep dish pizza.  I was informed this is in the works and soon beer will be served.  The other knock was in between the Chicago sports team decor, there were nice flat screen TVs on the wall which were not operational.  Again, was told this is due to a remodel and soon these TVs will be on.  Service was great and the pizza was delicious.  I will return again while I'm in Las Vegas.  Hopefully I'm able to have a cold one and watch a ball game in the process...
1	I can't even comment on the food because it never came. I ordered through Grub Hub at 6:30 and they said it would be an hour. It's not 9 and still nothing. In the mean time there have been three calls to grub hub and one directly to the restaurant. Each call promised a delivery time which wasn't met. They tried blaming a little drizzle for their driver not getting here the first time, then they were slammed, then some other nonsense . On the last call to Grub Hub they said the driver was just a minute or two away and they would refund me the whole order and he would still deliver it to apologize for the wait. That was 15 minutes ago. These guys have horrible service and and always making up some bull***t excuse as to why they can't do their job. Avoid this place like the plague, as a Chicagoan, I can honestly say, no self respecting Chicago eatery would ever treat a customer like this.EDIT: Food finally got here 9:30 .. food's cold, my soda is warm, the fries are soggy and the taste is just ok. Between the refund of my order and grubhub sending me coupons to make up for the horrible service, I was paid to eat here, and still feel like I overpayed.
5	Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're conneBased on the food alone I give this place a 5 star rating. You without a doubt will leave Amore full and very satisfied to say the least. My friends and I come in here all the time and the staff is very humorous and always shows a great time. I'm loving the new flat screens they put in as well as the new chairs it makes the whole restaurant that much better in my eyes. cted in any way to the owner or employees.
1	deep dish pizza ( ordered well done )arrive late, soggy, not well done, only partially cookedit wouldnt even slide off the cardboard bottom...i went here for the good reviews, and left very unhappy
5	Deep Dish Pizza is pretty damn good. Cook to order so be patient, worth the wait. Best I've had in Vegas!
5	We come to Vegas once a year on business and rent a car to drive about 8 miles to eat at Amore. Each year it's an amazing meal but this year took the cake! This time we got authentic ambiance in the guise of three guidos wearing track suits and eating meatball sandwiches! Amazing! Couldn't ask for a better Las Vegas theater style dining event!
5	If you don't like this place, you don't like pizza.  I recognize that there are villages out there which have yielded up their idiots to sojourn forth and yammer on regarding how, oh dear, the crust was too thick, or that they prefer New York style pizza, or that it took a long time to cook, et cetera.  Please - really, please - the grown ups are talking; just be quiet now and go back to your normal hang at Papa John's.  Seriously, though, this is the best Chicago style pizza I have found in Vegas; and, the price is exceptionally reasonable for what you're getting.  The only thing I can think of to ding them about is that the seats might be a little comfier since you'll be spending some time in them (as proper Chicago pizza takes time to prepare).  With that said, the service was attentive and friendly and the pizza (a large stuffed with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, bell peppers and onions) was through-and-through delicious.
5	Deep dish pizza is awesome. Add ricotta cheese for even more goodness!
5	If your looking for a deep dish like UNO Chicago grill...try Amore Chicago pizza the deep dish tastes as good, I mean deep dish is really yummy!!! Best to order ahead.
3	My parents and kids like it.It's okay, nothing special.  I wish they had some wine or beer; I like beer with pizza and wine with some Italian food.I have not had the deep dish pizza though, looking at these other reviews I need to try it.Good service, clean place, and I know what I am getting.
3	I was VERY close to giving a 4, but I couldn't do it. My friend just moved to town in December from Chicago and he has been dying to try this place since he moved. We finally made a date of it, and went!When we arrived, it was a pretty cool family-style table setting. Lots of cool decor on the walls, and fun atmosphere. I had made a reservation since it was Mother's Day, but they were not at all busy. Some large families in there celebrating mothas. Now to keep this semi-short, let me just tell you... My friend ordered the Italian Beef Sandwhich, plus we ordered a small deep dish pizza with sausage & pepperoni, and I had the Chicken Parm (original, I know). My chic parm was above average. However, the server messed up my order though and brought me the wrong pasta even after we had a very clear conversation on which one I wanted, but she took care of it, within a NON-timely manner. Oh wait for it. My friend ordered the Italian Beef said it was bland and left much to be desired. The deep dish pizza on the other hand was amazing. Very good. It deserves a 5. My parm deserves the 4. Here is where the 3 plays in. Service. Should be a 1. This waitress who was a s blonde to the core, with all the stererotypes to back it up.... had 3 tables, a two top, us (another two top) and a 4 top who was already served. She took 20 min to finally come take our order. She would constantly disappear and as I said earlier, brought out the wrong order of pasta. And don't even THINK about refills of their pepsi products (gross) Then at the end, we were looking forward to trying a Cannoli. I have never had it before, and this ditz of a waitress shows up, drops off our check and walks away. RUDE!So we then had to flag another waitress down and ask for the dessert. Talk about a waste of a good evening! What could have easily been a 5 star night, turned into 3 because the lack of care and attention the staff paid.  At least the food was decent. Sadly, due to lack of service, in a Service-driven town, I am in no rush to return.  The Cannoli was good. I have since tried it at 2 other places (one being the M Buffet) , which in turn made me think the one I had here was average.  My advise, try it for yourself, keep your expectations low, and maybe you will enjoy it more than we did. Focus on the food, the deep dish, yum. Hey! That's better than me suggesting you avoid it all together, right?
5	Hospitality was great.  The ladies here checked in often helped with any questions and were very friendly w our son. Food was quick and to die for!! Children's pizza is huge I thought it would b a perfect adults small. I ordered pasta my husband ordered pizza everything we were looking for! We will b returning!:) and loved the decor nice touch.
2	I had high expectations . . . and maybe that steered me wrong, but this place didn't knock me off my feet.  It was fine, the most impressive part being the walls filled with Chicago greats and not having to wait for a table at 2:30 PM on a Sunday.  OH and there are several good sized, good quality TVs for your sports viewing pleasure.  Which was nice since the US Open was on.  We started with the house salad -- it's not an antipasto or a great house salad at that -- it's ICEBERG lettuce, cucumbers, onions and tomatoes.  Their house Italian is more of a balsamic which I really didn't mind, but the salad was less than impressive.  I am not an iceberg lettuce fan, but luckily my husband is and he finished it off.  Their tomato sauce is a little on the tangy side, which is fine.  My daughter wasn't crazy about it, but I do realize tomato sauce is a personal preference kind of thing.  She ordered the spaghetti and meatball (one big meatball) and was satisfied.  She also ordered garlic bread which was waaaay garlickly - I know, I know, it's supposed to be, but my husband and I could still taste the garlic in our teeth two hours later!!  The pizza . . . . they told us it'd be 45 minutes, but it was actually 25.  Bonus!  Maybe it's because we ordred the homemade sausage, pepperoni and green pepper and didn't stuff it full?  It was good - it wasn't great, not quite like thick, oozing goodness of Lou Malnati's or Pizzeria Due in Downtown Chicago, but it was still delicious.  The crust wasn't too thick or too doughy which in my book, is a good thing.  If I ever crave deep dish, I would probably, maybe return, but I wouldn't make a special trip to do so.  A note on size, the small is 8 pieces and was more than enough for 2 adults.The other bummer was . . . . no beer?  No wine?  Beer and pizza make a great meal  in my book!  I was disappointed, truly.
5	Live in the Anthem area of Henderson but will drive all the way here for pizza. The only place we found REAL Chicago thin crust pizza. The wrong toppings were put on the first pizza they brought to our table but they remade correctly . Will double check with server when ordering in the future. The 5 stars is for the pizza.
1	We seen your ad on tv and decided to try you.  Bad mistake.  First the girl on the phone had no idea how to take an order and had to check the menu to see if you had what we wanted.  We only ordered chicken strips and a deep dish pizza.  The chicken strips were burnt and tasted like card board.  The pizza was not done too doughy.  I am from back east and never had Chicago style pizza and I will never have it again at Amore Taste of Chicago. Waste of money.
5	In town from Northern California... We have some really good pizzeria's in Northern California but Amore Taste of Chicago is the best pizza I have ever ate! The deep dish crust is phenomenal, & the sauce is amazing! I ordered pepperoni, onions & bell peppers and the way they were layered on the pizza were perfect. I can't tell if the onions & bell peppers are under the sauce or in the sauce. Then cheese & pepperoni on top. This pizza will be missed when we go back home.
2	I lived in Chicago for 20 years and have eaten from all the great pizza places, Lou Malnottis, Suparossa, Giordonos, Gullivers and others.  Having moved to Las Vegas and lived here for 10 years I usually have to drive to Portillos in California for Chicago Style Food.  I decided to give Amore a chance.The atmosphere was nice and there were plenty of TVs. The staff was curtious and helpful and very friendly.  The wings were above average.  This is where the two stars comes from.Unfortunately the pizza was horrible.  Not even close to Chicago style.  We ordered a deep dish sausage.  It is supposed to have an entire layer of Italian Sausage under the sauce above the cheese.  What we got was maybe 2 pieces of cheap Italian Sausage per slice of undercooked super doughey pizza.  Chicago style deep dish is supposed to have flaky crispy crust that supports the deep dish toppings, cheese, and sauce.  This pizza was undercooked with bland sauce and the incorrect sausage.Disappointing because I was hoping it would be good.  I really miss Chicago pizza
5	This is a deep dish lover's DREAM restaurant! The staff treats you like family and work quickly. They even offered us a free appetizer because it was our first time there. Everything was prepared to perfection and the staff was seriously great. The restaurant was packed when we ate and even though we had to wait a while for our order... every minute was worth it. They also kept us busy with the appetizer and constantly refilled our drinks. Great place! We will definitely be back.
4	Well, I know absolutely nothing of Chicago pizza (New Yorker here), but I thought their deep dish was pretty good. I like the sauce; it is a bit sweet as others have mentioned.  I ordered a small deep dish with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms and peppers. The bottom crust was a bit soggy, but other than that, it tasted great to me. I also got a small thin crust white pizza, which is very good too, just not anywhere near a 'real' white pizza (this one has artichoke, spinach, mozzarella and garlic/olive oil). The Yelp user photos got me in the door and I'm glad I gave Amore a try! I'll probably return when I'm craving a change from my usual NY thin crust.
4	The food was very however the wait for the stuffed pizza is very long so prepare for the wait
1	We have  had the deep dish and thin crust pizzas several times. Tonight it didnt taste the same as usual. The deep dish crust was overcooked and not flavorful. The thin crust was soggy and not flavorful. I called the restaurant to ask if something changed in the pizza making, the reply was they sold over 300 pizzas today with no complaints. I offered to bring the 3/4 pizzas back to show the inconsistency, but they didnt care and said they couldnt offer me anything: not even to remake the pizzas. Taste and service SUCKS here.
5	The Chicago style pizza takes about 45 minutes and is so worth it! We got a stuffed pepperoni pizza and it was amazing! Wish I had another stomach to put more in. Also tried their homemade fettuccine with chicken and a cannoli. Both were very good too. Our friend got the Italian sausage and beef sandwich. Looked good and was a pretty dense sandwich for the price too!
5	Well being from Chicago and all I give this place 5 stars. The help can be a little snotty sometimes but the food reminds me of home. The deep dish is great and their thin crust is fantastic. However if you're from New York this place might not be for you. As long as I live here I won't order from anywhere else.
3	Came here for the second time despite having a difficult experience the first time. Expect mediocre service and waitresses who care more about eating their ice cream than taking your order..... Let alone the right order. The first time around we had to ask for refills on drinks and waited around to get our check processed while they were busy talking amongst themselves. We were the only people in the restaurant and we had to ask to be served. Doesn't make much sense to me. This time around I gave them a second shot. Their spaghetti and meatball lunch special was yummy like the first time around but the thin crust pizza was good but not that good. We ordered pepperoni, mushrooms, and sausage and ended up with pepperoni, mushrooms, and a massive amount of onions. The onions made the rest of the pizza taste like Dominos ( the boyfriend said this ). He really wanted to try their home made sausage on the pizza so we are still waiting. Other than that, the service was still lacking even though we were one of two tables in the restaurant. I would be disappointed but fool me once shame on you......fool me twice shame on me. As far as recommending this place.... I would say make sure you come when a good waiter/waitress is here. I wouldn't know if they have one. But the food is worth it just as long as you want waitresses who is concerned more with their ice cream as your food dies in the window. /harsh. I know.
3	I'm not sure what deep dish pizza crust is suppose to taste like.  I had it once in california and once at the Queens Hotel at Magnolia's and I loved it.  I'm a crust freak and I love my crust, their crust had too much cornmeal and just made the pizza taste cornmeally.  I don't know if maybe they accidentally slipped to much cornmeal and figured it was okay, I might just try it one more time to see, since the ingredients on the crust were good and the staff was polite.
4	Was craving Chicago style pizza and finally found a great place on the west side.  The Chicago pizza and crust were excellent.  Will be back.  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because service was a little slow and they didn't have sound on the TV for Sunday night football.  Will be back for more pizza and Italian Beef soon.
5	By far the best pizza in vegas. I had the thin crust tonight and it was absolutely  amazing.  Then to go over the top the fried dough. Wow.  Everyone needs to try it.
3	Came here to further our search for the best deep dish pizza.  We're from Northern California, so we had a few favorite places we liked.  We especially like deep dish w/a cornmeal crust.  Anyway we came to Amore to try our luck.  There were a lot of people in the restaurant  but luckily we were seated right away.  The service was good, and the staff was friendly.   We liked the fact that there are large screen TVs you can see from every angle.  This is good to know in case there's a game we want to watch.  We shared the mozzarella appetizer among four of us and we all enjoyed it.   The toppings on the pizza were spot on.  The homemade sausage, the sauce, etc. were all very good but we found the crust to be a bit bready.  The crust was lighter than most but noticed it was thicker in some areas of the pie. Another reviewer said that there was too much corn meal in the crust but I didn't notice any in ours.    I would like to come back and try their other dishes (their menu is quite extensive). Their homemade sausage is great; so, no doubt their sausage & peppers are too.       I noticed that the lasagne on another table looked pretty good so maybe I'll try that next.
5	The crust... The sauce.. the pepperoni... As good as it gets.  I gladly dive 20 minutes to pick up this pizza.  You can tell the people that run this place care about the food.  The inside isn't the most comfortable, but I heard they worked on that.
4	So we all know there are many heated pizza debates. You know the kind where friendships, relationships, and families are broken up over.  Pizza making really is some serious stuff. Luckily for me I love all style of pizzas so I probably wouldn't get into a heated debates over pizza, except if your going to debate with me about a crappy pizza and you think they're good. Crappy pizza is never good, Angelina's Pizzeria on Decatur is one crappy pizza.Deep dish Chicago pizza is probably my favorite, I have forever been a can, so of course I really enjoyed the pizza at Amore Taste of Chicago. The pizza here is one of my favorite reasonably priced, non-franchised deep dish Chicago pizza in the valley. Now I'm not going to compare it to those in Chicago, which I've had, but they're pretty good for what we have.  Last time there I went with a large pepperoni, sausage, and ricotta deep dish http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/amore-taste-of-chicago-las-vegas?select=CSDhvcFR9fFLUp40PiS_KQ#1SB8fDGKC1vblo_sSs-YjQ It took about 45 mins to make. It was delicious. It was filled with all my favorites. I enjoyed the sauce and other ingredients. The pizza was thick and heavy and I ate it with a fork and knife.  It didn't seem so greasy and it held it's shape when picked up.  The taste of the crust was kind of missing something but overall 4 star deep dish pizza. I liked the interior too.  Red, my favorite color. Jordan, the best basketball player EVER!!! Other Chicago memorabilia. Spacey with a lot of tables, chairs, and a couple big screen TVs.I can't review about their other items but I liked looking at the pics, they look good.
3	This place is located in a strip mall on Durango just North of Flamingo. When you walk in you notice right away all the memorabilia on the walls from Chicago.The food was okay. I had the Italian beef sandwich. It was definitely not made like Al's Italian Beef in Chicago.
4	We order from here all the time! My Boyfriend is from Chicago, and I love the stuffed pizza!! JUST LIKE CHICAGO. I love the ambiance inside the resturaunt. We recently went and ate in for the first time and tried the fried mozzarella sticks. They are on the pricier side but they sure kept us content for the 45 minutes we had to wait for our pizza! Always amazing and cheesy as always!
1	Been sometime since we stopped here. Didn't care much for it then was disappointed again.  Ordered simple takeout spaghetti and meatballs.  The meatballs tasted like meat mushed together and didn't even taste like meat. Even more disappointing getting home and wondering where the heck was the meat sauce!  Come on guys you think for that price you can place more than a scoop of sauce on the pasta.
5	Great food, cute restaurant.   Hockey was playing on all of the big screens which was a bonus!  The portions were huge and we had a lot of left overs.  We will definitely go there again.
5	Haven't been to this restaurant in quite a long time. Went to dinner here on October 13. Brought out of town company. Food was just great & service was also! Will be going back in the near future. I had Chicken Francese & it was fantastic!! Others had Lasagna, Chicken Marsala & Chicken Angelo & pizza!   Pat P.
4	Second time here, and both times I got a sandwich. Once I had the beef n sausage combo, today I got the beef lunch special. For 5.95 you can't go wrong. A big Italian beef sandwich with side of au jus and some fries, I left full and happy. Next time I'll try a pizza and update my review. But for now, this place is definitely in the lunch rotation.
4	I am originally from the Chicago area, and I was so excited to find a Chi town pizzeria in Vegas. We ordered cheese bread, a deep dish pizza, and spaghetti. They were all delicious! I am a fan!
1	Ordered a thin crust sausage. Crust not crisp, sauce bland, arrived cold. Disappointing in the extreme.
5	great deep dish pizza and this is from an ex Chicagoan.  Casual surroundings and pleasant servers.  Their salads are XL and recommend the house dressing.  Deep dishes naturally take longer to make so call in and order before you show up even for dine in.
1	Admittedly I was unable to actually eat here but my review might explain...We arrived about 7pm to a pretty full restaurant, good sign that a good meal is ahead.  Although there is no sign asking us to wait or seat ourselves, we wait up front to be be sure.  After about 5 minutes we decided it must be seat yourself as not one person from the staff, who eyed us several times, approaches us to help.  As I head for one of the three empty tables, a man appears out of the kitchen and says "Can I help you?"  Sure I reply, we'd like a seat.  He replies, "Well sit up front and wait, there are no tables", quickly followed by "did you call ahead? Everybody knows to call ahead, we're a busy place"It's at that point we decide to liberate ourselves from the rudeness and eat elsewhere.  I'm sorry I didn't know the Amore rules, perhaps they should post them somewhere.  I'm happy they are so successful but I do draw the line at treating your customers rudely because you're busy.
1	Never coming back, I asked for a half cheese, half bell pepper and onion pizza, they come back with pepperoni and nothing else, and the waitress tried to argue when we said that it wasn't what we ordered. 45 minute wait, and they tried to tell us to wait again to get it right, not happening. Stay away if you want your pizza made right.
3	I came here for dinner with some friends the other night to try out the much talked about stuffed pizza served here. Walking in we were greeted and taken to a table. The place was half full and had a good vibe. The walls are lined with memories of Chicago, celebrity pictures and yes, I even heard a songs by Chicago while eating LOL! There were several TVs playing various Chicago games as well.After ordering a "1/2 cheese & 1/2 Sausage Stuffed Pizza" (large) priced at $19.50 our server told us that it would take about 45 minutes to make so I ordered "Cheesy Garlic Bread" priced at $3.95 to grub on while the pizza was made. The cheesy garlic bread tasted good, but average. While waiting for the pizza I observed a couple different things going on. There was some sort of celebration with he staff because they all gathered to eat a ice cream cake (didn't look like spumoni to me!) and then there was the couple who got engaged. Yep, after they finished eating, he pulled out a ring and proposed. I don't know if this was where they had a first date or what, but it was interesting! Now let me get to the pizza. When our server (friendly and courteous) brought it to the table I was very excited. It looked so good! This was one cheesy, saucy, good kind of mess! The sauce is very sweet, I actually liked it, but if you aren't a fan of sweet sauces you might not like it. I used a fork to get every last tomato off my plate. The crust is supposed to have a buttery flavor however I didn't taste that. It was more doughy tasting, but certainly edible. I am usually just a cheese pizza kind of girl, but next time I would get a couple toppings to help balance the amount of cheese in the pizza. There was something about the crust that was just not right though. Windy City still puts out the best Deep Dish in my opinion. my husband thought the pizza here was very good, but he also thinks Pizza Hut is good. Enough said. Out front they have benches if you want to eat outside. Besides pizza you can choose from different pastas, salads, sandwiches and dessert. Catering is available.
1	I really thought this place would of worked out from all the decent reviews it had...  The only thing that I liked was the fact they have the triangle shaped mozzarella "sticks", hey were our appetizer. The staff seemed friendly and it really seemed like we were going to make it through the experience without any issues!The pizza came out, it looked good, smelled good.  But it just didn't taste right... as if something had spoiled or was not kept at the right temp... I say this because it was VERY odd on the ride home I felt this RUSH of nausea hit me.  We got home & I thought to myself, "dang this pizza was the only thing we both had all day!"So 25 minutes later from when we left this place.  I turn to my boyfriend and asked him, "Do you feel really ILL? Like Nausea?"  He nodded and we both had this disgusted look our faces hoping for the best. NOPE! I was violently sick FIRST, and then him soon after.  It hit both of us without warning & thank god... we have 2 bathrooms.  I'm super upset, it was overpriced AND GOT US SICK?  I don't think that was a conicidence at all.My boyfriend called (after we gathered what was left of our strength, I had a sore throat all day).  The manager had the NADS to ask if we were SURE it was his food.  No, we just ate there 30 minutes ago & felt like giving you a hard time & playing a sick joke on your staff (sarcasm).  I'm still very upset about the whole situation, how can you not take your customer's seriously?  Maybe an appology to the both of us?  I don't think I'll ever recommend this place to anyone.  If you screwed up once, you're out with me.Besides the Tropicana has pizza that will knock your socks off. It's really cheap to eat if you're a local, 1.50 a slice.   But we can dine at anywhere for half off, plus their calzones are out of this world at their cafe.
4	I've eaten Amore Taste of Chicago pizza twice in the last month, due to a friend's recommendation. I would have to say that I was not disappointed based on the price and quality of food.Upon walking in the ambiance is similar to a deli style experience you'd expect. Very basic tables with a ton of celebrity decor on the walls (some relating to Chicago, some relating to Las Vegas and some I have no idea about concering the relation). Nevertheless, the service was very prompt even for a lunchtime. We ordered the Fried Ravioli and a large deep dish Chicago Style pizza with pepperoni (which was about $20). However, please note that if you're very hungry order an appetizer as the deep dish pizza has a wait time of approximately 45 minutes. This fact is stated on the menu clearly which I appreciated. The fried ravioli was decent, not the best I've had - but not bad. It's also served with a small bowl of marinara sauce.When the pizza came out, I understood why it took 45 minutes to cook. It was probably about 6 pounds of dough, cheese and meat. The crust was buttery and flaky, the cheese was very gooey and liberally dispensed, the sauce was definitely made from actual stewed tomatoes and had a good taste and the pepperoni was nice and crispy. This was a lot of food. I was only able to eat one piece of this pizza and was definitely full. I also shared this pizza with two human garbage disposals that I've witnessed eat an inordinate amount of food in one sitting and they could only consume two pieces of this beast before they threw in the towel. We left with a box containing 3 large pieces of pizza.I would definitely recommend Amore Taste of Chicago for anyone looking for Chicago style pizza in Las Vegas. I'm sure Chicagoans would disagree with me for this (as would New Yorkers about a restaurant touting New York Style pizza in Las Vegas). But on the sliding scale of pizza places in Las Vegas, this one definitely comes out high in my opinion.
5	My husband and I went to the restaurant to get a Chicago style hotdog and an Italian beef sandwich, however as soon as we entered we knew we could not leave this place without ordering a pizza...the aroma of authentic Italian was lingering in the air.  After looking at the menu and inquiring I learned they no longer offered hotdogs (the pics are still posted on yelp). We ended up ordering a small pepperoni & sausage pizza and the Italian beef sandwich ...OMG!   This was the best pizza we have had in a very long time...and we're no stranger to pizza; the ingredients were fresh and plentiful, the sauce was sweet yet tangy and coated the crust just enough, the thin crust just thin enough ( i typically don't eat thin crust)...and of course the pizza was bubbling hot, it was delicious!The Italian beef sandwich was tasty too, it was flavorful, full of meat and I appreciated a generous portion of really hot (temp) juice for dipping...I did think the gardinar peppers could have been chopped a bit more...not as chunky.  We spent less than $20.As we were leaving I assume he was the owner Mike introduced himself to us and was telling us about other menu items...it was a good feeling to know we were valued as customers (this is becoming rare).We live right around the corner and will definitely be returning!
5	WOW! Amazing! - Great Deep Dish and Thin Crust Pizza, I would say best In Town.  The service was Top Notch, and so Many Flat Screen TV's with Great Chicago Sports Decor! - If you want the Deep Dish You can only eat two slices each, SO FILLING! - If you wnt the Deep Dish I suggest calling it in 45min. prior to your arrival and Bring 4 People Per each Medium Pizza.  Im 6'1 220LBS and 31 Years old and I ate 3 Slices with 6 Refills of Rootbeer.  LOL.  Can't wait to RETURN
5	5th time here! 5th great experience! Place has a great lay out lots of space. Caters to my kids  ( owner brings them fried dough) while we enjoy our food to keep them happy. Prices are great. They remember you! Jessica is very efficient and great person ! I'm new to yelp because looking for good restaurants like this. Oh yeah try the brechetta it's the best
4	Having been born and raised in the amazing city of Chicago, I am all about "authentic" Chicago food.  And Amore keeps it just that...authentic! Don't believe me? Shop Chicagoan and visit Amore today.  Also visit my webpage at www.chicagoaninthedesert.com
5	Came in with my family and tried their Chicago deep dish! It was worth the wait. Joe it was a pleasure meeting you and your staff. I will definitely comeback with family and friends. I wish we can make deep dish pizzas at our restaurant but flatbreads are as far as we go. Hey gives us a better reason to come back! Wings were good too.
4	The pizza. That is all you need to come here for. My wife and I met some friends here for dinner and shared a stuffed pizza. Half was sausage and half was cheese. The amount of cheese that was in our pizza was insanely good. The sauce was real good and even with all the sauce and cheese the pizza still had a crisp crust. We also had some garlic cheese bread that was cheesy like the pizza but just okay. Our waitress was cool and checked on us enough. The stuffed pizza takes 45 minutes so call ahead or plan to hang.
5	Deep dish is amazing!!! it takes about 40 minutes to make but well worth the wait
5	We went here one afternoon about two weeks ago for lunch. We ordered the thin crust pizza, half cheese half pepperoni and a white pizza as well. They were both AWESOME!!! The cheese was the kind that just stretches off the slice. The flavor of the sauce and crust was Terrific! Sauce had a wonderful texture and garlic taste. The white pizza was light and fresh spinach with artichoke and drizzled with olive oil and cheese. Oh and how could I forget to mention the ravioli rolls? OMG! Soooo good!     WE ORDERD TAKE OUT FROM HERE A FEW DAYS AGO.  It was piping HOT when my husband got it home! Still just as good as eating in. Our server was great. Never an empty glass. The manager/owner was very nice too. We will definitely tell our friends that come to town about this place! Can't wait to go back!
2	My girlfriend loves this place, however the service leaves something to be desired.  You expect them to get the order right when ordering to go.  However this last time I had to check and sure enough they forgot to add the beef an sausage combo.  Had to wait an extra ten minutes.. Imagine if I had driven home?? Did they offer anything for inconvenience??? Nope.  Anyways the food is decent, 4 stars, 0 stars for service.  Just make sure to check your to go order before leaving.. You'll thank me later.
5	Called in a large deep dish last night in advance, came in, ate a great tasting pizza, enjoyed great service, and paid less than $20!Crust is thick, chewy, and slightly sweet,Tomatoes are fresh from the can (high quality tomatoes),Cheese melts perfectly into the depths of tomato and crust,Fried Mozz are hand-cut and breaded, delicious!
5	I fell in love with Chicago style deep dish pizza when I was visiting the windy city this past summer. Since then, I have been on a quest to find something comparable here in Vegas. I figure you can find just about any type of cuisine here in Vegas, but a Chicago style pizza seemed pretty hard to come by.I'm happy my fellow yelpers mentioned Amore! There's a reason this place was packed just a  day after thanksgiving when most people are still trying to figure out creative ways to use turkey in casseroles, salads, volatil cocktails... ANYTHING just so that they can get rid of all that extra bird.Instead, Amore was just the kind of "love" i needed after being slaving over a  hot  Thanksgiving  stove. The moment you walk in to this restaurant, it  feels like family, and everyone is so friendly and welcoming.  Situated in an unassuming strip mall next to a PT's pub, the scent of quality Italian cooking wafts throughout the quaint,  casual.restaurant.The Chicago style deep dish i ordered did not disappoint. The sauce was thick and hearty with chunks of tomato and a flavor like no other. I had it customized for me with no complaints from the server.I'm giving this place 5 stars only because the owner promised that he'd be bringing back beer and wine to this establishment. That would make this place absolutely ideal because nothing goes better with pizza than a good beer to wash  it down.It might be time for them to expand even further. Vegas can do without a PTs if it means there will be more room for me to  eat awesome Chicago style pizza and authentic Italian food at a great price. definitely check this place out!  It's worth the trip.
4	A few things I don't like discussing include my weight, salaries, and pizza. So the more New Yorkers and Chicagoans I met in Las Vegas that are fellow transplants like myself, the more difficult it became to avoid the topic of "P." Here's why. 1. New Yorkers & Chicagoans love pizza.2. New Yorkers & Chicagoans love to talk about how terrible pizza is outside of New York & Chicago. When my sister was visiting from out of town and mentioned she wanted to give Chicago-style deep dish pizza a shot, I decided I'd rather forgo a long lecture of how the sacrament of pizza-making is lost in this city and just find a place with relatively decent reviews. I was feeling pretty YOLO-y that day, so Amore it was. The joint is located in the same strip mall as Naked Fish, and the signage is old enough in Vegas years to be called vintage. Don't write it off yet just because the exterior is not at all spectacular. Walking in, it felt like a neighborhood, Cheers-esque kind of a pizza parlor where I imagine people would converge after football games if we could just do something about our damn Rebels. The fam bam and I ordered two medium stuffed pizzas - one with pineapple/bacon, and the other with sausage/mushroom. "Deep dish" and "stuffed pizza" were apparently two different options, but to be completely honest, I'm not sure still what the difference was because as far as I'm concerned, it's just A LOT OF CHEESE, whichever way you go. It was a "deep dish of cheese." Or, "stuffed with cheese." All I know is that if you are lactose intolerant, you are SOL here. The service was fast and friendly, though be forewarned - either of these pizzas generally take around 45min to bake. The crust was a little thinner than I expected, considering the motherlode of queso it was holding up, but other than that, this is the place for those that are looking to truly relish in the ultimate cheat day. Or looking to start their diet...tomorrow.
4	Ate a very delicious pie here.  Grabbed a quick personal pepperoni for lunch.  The staff was great and the place was nostalgic will ample amount of Chicago sports photos.  I will return and bring the family next time.
4	Decided to give this place another try.  Their deep dish pizza is quite good.  The crust is very buttery, the toppings very tasty.  If you need to recreate a real Chicago pizza experience, without actually going to Chicago...this is the place.
5	Food was awesome and the fired dough for dessert was even bette! This establishment is small and cozy...the staff was great. Only downside is the pizza took awhile to come out but that's to be expected with deep dish pizza! :)
2	After reading all the great reviews we decided to check it out and I have to tell you, It was just OK.  Now mind you, we've never been to Chicago so we don't know what a Chicago pizza is supposed to really taste like, however, it was just OK.  We had the deep dish stuffed pizza which after our first piece the dough was noticeably getting soggy. The taste of the sauce was sweeter than we are used to....not a bad thing, just was not expecting it.  We also had the Fried Ravioli for a appetizer which was also just OK,  not bad, but not memorable either  All in all, we have definitely had better and I don't think we will go out of our way to go back, but you never know.
5	This is the best deep dish pizza we have had in Las Vegas.  Everything about this place makes me feel like I'm in Chicago. I have also tried the eggplant parmesan and that is really good too. The salads are average but they do make their own delicious dressings. I HIGHLY recommend calling ahead for the deep dish before driving there. I noticed people at their tables still waiting while we walked in to a reserved table with our food following within 5 minutes. It was great!Call ahead if your ordering a deep dish. Takes 45 minutes to cook.
1	First tall asian looking girl waitress  no smile no greeting just says what fo u want to drink Worst customer service ever i order a chicken marsala it was super sweet the waitress told me the all sales are final what the hell is this a dollar store owner told me i am stuck with this dish he wont take it back  and get me what i want he lost a customer been coming here for 7 years
4	If you're looking for good deep-dish pizza in Las Vegas, Amore Taste of Chicago is a great choice.  The deep-dish was great.  We ordered the half sausage and half mushroom and spinach.The sausage was very tasty, and the mushroom/spinach side was very good as well.  Good amount of cheese and the sauce is the perfect combo of sweet and tangy.The appetizer of cheesy garlic bread was good, with a lot of garlic.  Bottomless soda is good, but getting the beer/wine option in will bring this to 5-stars.  The decor is nice with the Chicago theme.  Chairs are new, cushioned red and comfortable which is good if you order a deep dish or stuffed since it will take a full 45 minutes.  Definitely worth the wait and Amore will become a regular stop for me.  Note: they don't take Amex.
4	The deep dish pizza is for sure one of the best in Vegas. Can't say anywhere else is close to it. The taste is similar to Pizza Uno in Chicago but something is missing.  Pasta dishes are pretty good as well.
5	I grew up outside of Chicago and Gino's East was always my favorite deep dish. Amore is the closest thing you can get to authentic Chicago deep dish here in Vegas. Their thin crust and other dishes are pretty good too.
5	The service was great and the pizza was even better! The deep dish here is as close to being in Chicago as it gets. The pizza takes a while to bake, but so worth the wait.
5	The best pizza in vegas. The deep dish is amazing. It can be a bit pricey but its beyond worth it.
5	When you have one slice your gonna want another one. I'm from New York and love there pizza. You can easily taste the homemade cooking and the fresh sauce. Hands down this has to be the best pizza place in Las Vegas. If you like Chicago style pizza make no mistake that this is the place to eat. My wife had pasta and vodka sauce..... Out of this world!!! They have so many other items on the menu as well, Italian beef sandwhich, sausage & peppers, chicken parm... Yummy! Keep up the good work!!!
2	Very average pizza.. Why in the world can't I find good pizza in this town?? To this day, Home Plate Grill on Blue Diamond and Decatur has had best pizza. I don't get it???  I had the Chicago Deep Dish and its their signature. I mean its not bad. But its not good. lol. Average toppings and a dry bread to it... The atmosphere should make Chicago people proud though.
1	Worst pizza we ever had. Tasted like they opened a can of tomato paste and used for sauce no flavor  Never again. Buy a frozen pizza at grocery store.
5	Can this place please come to the East Valley of Phx????  It is just like Chicago.  AMAZING.  I dream about the stuffed pizza. Very much like Giordano's.
5	I have never had Chicago style pizza but my husband has been to Chicago and had the real deal, so we decided to give it a try. Boy am I glad we did! We ordered the deep dish pizza with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms. It was delicious! They do not skimp on the toppings, either. The crust was tasty and had a nice crunch to it on the edges. Hubby said it tastes like the real thing in Chicago. I could only handle one slice, but I did eat lots of salad before hand. Which, by the way, was very good. They make their own blue cheese dressing. Yum! We will definitely be coming back here. Next time we will order a small pizza. Be sure to come here hungry.
3	The food here is fantastic but the service is soooooo horrible that I can't give it more than three stars.  Clearly the owner has only hired his wait staff based on gender...all females.
1	This place is a joke, the customer service nowadays doesn't even come close to how good it was 2 years ago. Rose and Tina left and the customer service left with them.The last time I was in was a couple months ago and I won't be back. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs when they brought it out to me there was three inches of water/sauce in the bottom of the bowl. When I brought it to the waitresses attention she replied "I could take it in the back and dump the water out" I told her to take it and leave it in the back I wasn't eating that garbage. She still had no problem with putting it on my bill. The sad thing is the owner Joey is one of the nicest guys I've ever met and I believe he is unaware of the terrible service and food that his staffed is providing when he is not there. I suggest you stick to the pizza and order it to go!
4	Amore was a great choice for the name of this place because I love it!  Hit the spot for deep dish pizza and made me want to go back later for more.  Be prepared to wait a little for your pizza though.
5	I moved from Chicago to Las Vegas in 2008.  Being a lifelong Chicagoan who loves pizza, Amore's is the first place I found that had the taste of pizza that I was used to back home in Chicago (and you know how fussy Chicagoans can be about our pizza). They use the freshest ingredients; nothing comes from a can.  They even had their pizza ovens shipped here from Chicago.  From their deep dish pizza to their thin crust, their pizza is the bomb, hands down, the best in Las Vegas!
5	I ended up here with a couple of coworkers. Didn't realize it was one of the places hubby had bookmarked for awhile - sorry love! Anyway, we got there right when it opened, she had to unlock the door for us. She offered us to sit anywhere we like and I chose the window side with the Planet Hollywood table. (Each table has a different photo of the Las Vegas strip... It's thuper cute!) I love the decor inside, different sports memories plastered on the walls. She got our drinks quickly, took our order and the food came out shortly after that. It's important when you only have an hour for lunch. My coworkers each had a sandwich and I chose the stuffed shells.(sadly I was so hungry I didn't get a picture :) There were 4 decent sized shells covered in sauce and LOTS of melted cheese. It also came with a side of bread which was slightly crunchy on the outside and thuper soft on the inside. ---very important! I woofed down 3 shells and most of my bread in a matter of minutes. That means it was delicious and no, nobody was trying to take my food away. Overall we had an amazing lunch and I can't wait to come back with the hubby this time. I know he was bummed I went without him. :/
4	Had dinner there Sat night and place was mobbed. Caesar salad was great and pasta bowl with vodka sauce was too much for two of us.Great food for the price. Going back soon for the pizza which looked good and rib special on Wednesdays which looked even better
5	Great restaurant. I am from Chicago and this truly represents a Chicago style pizza place well. Deep dish pizza tastes just like back home. Great Chicago themed inside with many great Chicago pictures and posters. Also, the music while your eating is great. If your in Las Vegas looking for the real deal Chicago deep dish pizza. Come here!
1	called to order a pizza for pick up, now we had never ordered from them so we didn't know the menu when we asked for a regular pizza we were asked if we wanted thin crust or regular. we specifically said no thin crust. when my father picked up this pizza and brought it back it was a joke. they gave us thin crust cut in little pieces that was burnt.  I called and spoke to who i think was the owner and he is just clueless,  he tells me their regular pizzas are thin crust so I asked him why he didn't tell us that when we did say no thin crust. he had no answer.  he did say that is how we make pizza in Chicago.  well from this New yorker I say you can keep that pizza in Chicago. it was nasty. had to send my dad back for a refund. and I can say we will never order from them again.
4	I think this is the best deep dish pizza place in Vegas and I would love to hear of another place because I'm always looking for a great deep dish place... But for now this place is it. I always get the deep dish whenever I order from here and it's great. somehow I feel that I am missing out on some other items from this place. I get it either delivery or pick up so I've never eaten inside but seems like a great atmosphere for pizza. staff is friendly. it is more expensive than the typical pizza chain but it's worth it. It's way better than Rosati's when it comes to stuffed pizza. if u like Chicago style stuffed pizza try this place!
5	I come to Las Vegas once a year and this is the only place I go to for pizza!  The atmosphere and service are great and the food delicious.
4	I'm from Chicago and I finally decided to try Amore and I'm happy I did. There are quite a few places in Vegas that say Chicago style this and that but really doesn't live up to their claim. Amore does! The thin crust pizza is fabulous and the Deep dish although not my favorite was totally acceptable. I miss the Pizza and the food from Chicago so having a place that comes closer to the pizza I'm used to at home is a bonus.
5	This place was fantastic! I feel like we ordered one of everything off of the menu because we wanted to try a bunch of stuff.  We had garlic bread, dinner salad, zuchini sticks, ribs and fries, mushroom thin crust pizza and a pepperoni deep dish pizza.  The pizzas were wonderful and the zuchini sticks were good too.  The best thing in my opinion, which we actually ordered for the kids, were the ribs.  I've never had better ribs anywhere! Who woulda guessed?  I like the salad and the garlic bread, but if I were to go back, I would have ribs and fries with an appetizer of zuchini sticks.  Great service, not too long of a wait (we have three kids and a long wait would not be fun).  It was super busy and we were seated in about 10 minutes.  Deep dish pizzas take about 40 min, but the time flew by.  They recommended we call ahead to order it in advance next time.  Super impressed!!
5	Best deep dish pizza I have ever had. Very tasteful, soft, cheesey, took one home, could not finish a large.
5	Stopped by last week for lunch.  The food and service was great.  The Italian Beef with giardiniera was great and the fries were crispy.  For a $5 lunch special, you can't beat it.  Also the thin 1 topping individual pizza was very tasty too.  Unfortunately they don't serve hot dogs anymore:(   Will be back here real soon though.
5	Excellent service,  homemade sauce,  and killer pizza! Definitely will be coming back.  Tiffany nailed it. Perfect recommendation!
5	I'm Italian and from the Midwest and spent some time in Chicago! if this ain't the best pizza and other Italian goodies you can get in this desert, I don't know what it! there's pizza then there's Amore! I love to keep my pizza simple, thin crust with cheese and Italian sausage and they dust it with oregano seasoning and it's just the most amazing piece of Chicago heaven! Everyone's always been polite and cool and I'm just happy when I'm there!
5	Wednesday! Wednesday! Wednesday! Rib plate special at Amore, Taste of Chicago! 13 bucks for a rack, bbq beans, a chunk of corn bread and a ton of fries! Ribs are baked, then grilled and they taste purdy good.
5	My family loves Italian food, loves it SO much that I rarely eat out at Italian spots because I've had a lifetime's fill of it (and the hips to prove it). So, when the family decided it was time to go out to eat, the majority voted for Italian and I let out a "BOO!" accompied with a pouty-face. When Olive Garden was suggested, I quickly re-routed the decision and we landed at ATC. It was a busy parking lot and my grandmother is O2 dependent and uses a walker. Since the place has huge windows, the manager saw this and opened a side door for us. This set the tone for the wonderful service we would receive throughout the night.We were seated right away, a waitress came over, took our drink order and handed us menus. The menu is extensive. Tons of pasta dishes, soups, salads, sandwiches, meats, pizzas, and house specialities. Pizzas take about 40 minutes to make so we passed. There is also a separate pizza counter for people placing to-go orders or who opted for pick up.Drinks came out with the quickness as well as the perfect crusty homemade italian bread. Freshly baked, crunchy on the outside, soft in the middle. We each ordered a cup of the soup (minestrone) and needed a bit longer to peruse the menu. Minestrone was great. A lot veggies, homemade, and it had a little, tiny kick to it. Bravo! Never tasted a soup like this before.I've recently broken up with gluten. So I was stoked to see gluten free pasta available. I ordered gluten-free pasta and asked for a spicy arrabiata. It was awesome garlicky, flavorful, and packed heat.Other dishes were sausage and peppers, with smacks of gardeny fresh peppers, mild Italian sausage and excellently balanced sauce. The baked rigatoni was also excellent and came with a massive amount mozzarella cheese. So heavenly sinful! (Did I just make an oxymoron, uh...) Our servers worked in a team effort, drinks were full, we never left wanting or waiting. The owner stopped by our table to see how everything was and told us about his establishment. I'm always way impressed when I see a hands on approach.I love that there is a quality, decently priced, casual Italian place in my next of the woods. When I am feeling some sort of self-hate, I'm going to get all up in that deep dish. I think we'll be instant besties (damn you, gluten).I'm totally in Amore with Amore and love is never wrong.
5	Best deep dish pizza in Vegas!! Chicago deep dish is hard to replicate but Amora's does a great job. Just wish they had a bar :)
5	Lou Malnati's eat your heart out. Okay not better than Lou Malnati's, but considering we're almost 2000 miles away from Chicago and Lou's and I'm comparing it to Lou Malnatis and it has more stars than 0....There you go. There's butter in the crust, which is just the perfect thickness; crisp but not crunchy, soft inside but not soggy...tangy tomato sauce, cheese on the bottom, loaded with toppings. How do you know it's Chicago Style? You can pull a slice out with a pie slicer, and the crust is firm, and the inside stays all in one piece, with little dangly mozzer-elactites. Like a blueberry pie...made of meat. These are not just people claiming "yeah it's a heavy crust so we call it 'Chicago Style'  and hope no one notices." This is not a wet gooey mess of sauce and toppings on bread. This is actually Chicago style deep dish, at it's best. Better than Giordannos in Chicago proper, if you ask me.In Chicago, I'd give it 4 stars, since it's not Lou Malnatti's. Here? Oh heck yeah it gets 5 stars here.Pros:- Name of Restaurant Not a Dirty Filthy Lie. This is what Actual Chicago Style Pizza tastes like.- Good food, good prices- They deliver, and it's fast for chicago style. (allow 45 minutes for cook time)Cons;- Allow 45 minutes for cook time.
5	Ive been wanting to check out Amore and finally came in for dinner and  tried the deep dish Chicago style pizza.  Parking was no hassle since its located in a large retail  center.  I took the suggestions from other yelpers and called in my order a head of time. The pizza wasn't ready after being seated so I ordered an appetizer of shrimp scampi - served with garlic bread. The shrimps were deveined, whole and yummy. When the pizza arrived I was taken back of the thickness and contained homemade sausage, mushrooms and the chunks of tomatoes that were sweet and delicious. The pizza was packed with quality ingredients and the dough was thick but not overly cooked. I ended picking off of three slices all the ingredients and passed on the ends of the crust. Overall a positive experience here with friendly waitresses who were service oriented! As for the pizza I'm torn between being fan of regular or deep dish. I guess if both were in front of me I would indulge in either or!
5	This place was really great. Came here on a Friday evening about 6pm and there was no wait. Everything we had was delicious. We didn't get the pizza- deep dish and stuffed crust take 45 min so call ahead before you go. Every staff person we encountered was friendly and helpful. Not a huge dine in area. They were doing a lot of to go orders. Very clean.
5	My husband and I were there this last weekend and it is delicious! We finally found our Italian and pizza place! We had their thin pizza and it was delicious, so was the salad. We are definitely sold and will be regulars! I strongly recommend this place, try it see for yourself!
4	Took my husband to Vegas for a surprise 60th, and since deep dish pizza is his favorite meal, checked out the pizza places online and Amore sounded like a good choice. And it didn't let us down. :-)We had the deep dish cheese with extra cheese, and we should have paid attention to the number of people it serves. We ordered a large, because we love pizza, and could only finish about a quarter of it. The thing must have weighed 10 pounds! A very dangerous meal, since you know you should stop eating it, but it tastes so good you just have to have another bite,and another, and another...you get the picture. :-)Since it was an estimated 25 minutes for the pizza to cook, we decided to have an appetizer. That was the first mistake of our visit. We had the eight piece serving of fried mozzarella triangles. The mistake was not because the mozzarella triangles were not good, they were very good, but they took up more space in the tummy that the pizza could've filled. All leftovers were nicely packed up in containers for us to bring back to the hotel. Good thing we had a refrigerator in the room :-) The restaurant has a sports atmosphere, clean tables, a lot of sports pictures around the room. Very 50s diner type atmosphere :-)We were staying on the strip, so I would recommend visiting Amore if you're renting a car. We actually rented a car for a day (5/1/14) just to make the trip to Amore. The cab fare alone would have been more than the car rental, and that's not including the tip. (According to a web site that estimates cab fares, it was a $60 round trip fare from the Mirage hotel.)Will definitely do it again on our next visit back to Vegas :-)
5	This is my first visit to Amore and I must say this won't be my last! I'm originally from Chicago and this place is just like home! Delicious pizza and amazing homemade minestrone soup!! Can't wait to come back :)
4	Wow! I've had plenty great pizza dishes but i must give recognition when it's deserved! And this place has a well deserved 5 stars rating from me! Like everyone else i have to talk about how great the deep dish pizza's are! I had the Pepperoni deep dish pizza to be exact and it was worth every penny! I was shocked at the price once my order was totaled up thinking that this is a pretty expensive pizza, but when i saw the pizza i knew it had to be well worth the price! After taking the first bite and having all that gooey cheese just flow out i was in heaven! I am a cheese lover and i love my pizza's to have plenty of cheese! They exceeded my expectations of an authentic pizza joint! Will return here as much as possible!
3	Not bad.  Crust was a little chewy and not flakey or crunchy.  Work on the crust then You have a good Chi-town deep dish.
5	Love this place. Only con I can think of is that they don't serve alcohol and I have to have some vino with my pizza! We ordered a thin crust and a deep dish, both sausage and mushroom. The deep dish was the best! The fresh tomatoes on top were amazing and the cheese with the buttery crust were great. Not exactly Lou Malnattis but the best Chicago pizza I've had in Vegas so far. The waitress was very accommodating and delightful.
4	We've noticed this place and have been meaning to go in. I got a recommendation from a coworker who was a native Chicagoan so we had to check it out. It just took forever because whenever we're in this parking lot, we're heading into Naked Fish's. It took an extreme exercise in control for us not to head in even when our intention was to get some deep dish pizza.With that being said, we went in, grabbed a seat, and ordered drinks, fried zucchini as an appetizer, and awaited our food. Decor was a splattering of Chicago sports teams and celebrities. Tables were spaced nicely so different parties didn't intrude upon one another's conversation. The fried zucchini was yummy. We saw other people being served before us who had arrived after, and after about 40 minutes, finally inquired with our waitress why that was. She explained deep dish took longer (we should have known, but it was our first time and would have been nice for her to ask and advise so we weren't getting frustrated). In another couple of minutes, our pizza was out, and my, was it worth the wait. (Although, we'll probably call ahead to avoid the wait). We ordered it with pepperoni, pineapple and jalapeno. All conversation dwindled to muffled groans and MMMMMs full of hot, melty goodness with crust that was to die for. We were embarrassed because after all the grumbling that happened, we were all silenced after one slice apiece. It made for pretty good leftovers.
4	I have spent a lot of time in Chicago and I was wondering if the Yelp reviews were a paid for advertising, because I usually don't goto places that advertised on local cable TV. The food was excellent the owners were nice, and it was authentic. It isn't five star because I don't do 5 stars to who isn't a true five star.
3	Food is a 4 stars. customer service is more like 2 stars. The girl on the phone had an attitude. She sounded like she just wanted to get off the phone not be at work. She hung up on me before i could even say thank you. Then when i get there she just seemed like she was in a hurry to get me out of there. I called in my order. It was deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage. I liked the pizza alot. Kinda a far drive from the strip but i wanted a deep dish pizza. So i looked on yelp and this place came up. many places do new york style pizza. I wanted deep dish. Pizza was great. I keep it on ice and it was still good when i warmed it back up at home after my little vacation. But customer service or i should say the cashier answering the phone needs an attitude adjustment. Maybe she had a bad day or didn't want to work Saturday but there is no reason to have that attitude like i am bothering you when i am paying cash for you to serve me food.
4	IMHO, best Chi town style pizza in Vegas, pan & thin.  That said, the crust is not perfect (needs more cornmeal on the bottom of the thin), but the sauce & other ingredients are spot on.  Service was efficient and friendly. Restaurant atmosphere is so so. Too bright, & over the top. Not "warm" & inviting. Kinda like cafeteria style, with a lot of Chicago memorabilia crap strewn on the walls. Sadly, they didnt even have a Sox game on this night that was scheduled on the many TVs, because they dont pay for the blackout service! Come on! You're a Chicago place! Pop for all the full sports packages to get all the  Chicago games! They said they won't get all the Bears games this fall either.....booooooo.....clearly not a " true" Chicago place! Anyway, I digress. Prices are rather high; thin crust pizza runs 23.00, ( largest thin crust with one ingredient),  same pizza in Chicago is probably, 14.00 (at Vito & Nicks anyway).   Furthermore, they miss on the Italian beef sandwich.  I don't think it's authentic Gonella bread, or the same kind of Chicago beef, & the gravy (dipped au jus), was very bland. The giardinare was terrible. I will go back for the pizza for sure, but order ahead to avoid the long wait for the pan pie. Or better yet, order in for delivery.
4	We generally get take out but you can also dine in. Really like the thin crust pizza. I like the spaghetti and meatballs but they only give you two meatballs. Really good garlic cheesy bread! Check in and get a free cannoli! Service is good too. Everyone is friendly. The only thing they are missing is alcohol! But a good place for family if they want to watch a sporting game!
5	Best Chicago style pizza in Las Vegas. Got an individual pepperoni deep dish for myself for dinner. It was so heavy and dense, there was enough for 3 meals for me. It was amazingly delicious. Amore is definitely in my top 3 for LV area pizza.
4	Good stuff
5	I found this place on yelp and boy am I happy I did. From the moment my husband and I walked in we were greeted with a warm welcoming and escorted to our seat. The restaurant has a really nice ambience, tons of Chicago memorabilia over the walls. It makes you feel like you're in the city. Our waitress Jennifer was awesome, our drink order was immediately taken. Soon after we ordered our appetizers, mozzarella sticks and a side salad, both were delicious. The small side salad was enough for two people to share. We ordered a pepperoni and sausage deep dish pizza- amaaaaaaazing. It was so big (even though we ordered a medium) we were stuffed after a couple of slices and had to take it to go. I can go on and on about how great this place was but the best advice I can give is try it out. You will NOT be disappointed!
2	Was really looking forward to eating here but was so disappointed. I ordered chicken Marsala and I got chicken swimming in basically soup. It was just terrible. Guess I should have stuck with the pizza.
5	Saw the commercials, so we decided to drive across town to check it out. We didn't get deep dish because we were tight on time. We got a few different dishes to try and a pizza, all the food was very good. We will travel back across town to eat there, but next time we will order the deep dish ahead of time.. Like everyone said 45 minutes to cook, plan it out! The staff was very friendly and helpful.
2	Came here for lunch and had a lunch special pizza. It was a "thin crust" pizza, and while it was a good deal (pretty big pizza for $6.95), it was probably on par with a frozen pizza from the grocery store...I will say the service was friendly and quick, and the space is BIG and CLEAN with nice new flat screen TVs. They also have a pretty AWESOME VIEW of the strip :)
3	Not bad at all. Not the all time best either though.I recently came to Amore while visiting family in Las Vegas and naturally I asked where the best beef sandwich was in town and Amore was the answer I got. So we stopped in around 1pm mid-week and it wasn't very crowded, but the place was clean and pleasant. The server was good, she refilled drinks several times and didn't leave us hanging for too long and she was friendly.  I ordered a beef sandwich with sweet peppers and a side of fries. Not that I'm an expert or anything, but I would say this was a good place to eat overall. The sandwich was good, the beef was clearly cooked right as well, however the fries left a bit to be desired. So I can't go as far as to call it the best I've ever had, because it isn't, but it is better than a lot of Chicago-style food places I've been to and they have good service and reasonable prices as well. There appeared to be several cheap lunch specials and I could see just by looking around that they were pretty popular. Overall, my experience at Amore's was good. If I am back in vegas I may stop back in sometime again.
3	Ordered a large sausage and pepperoni deep dish, but It wasn't exactly the deep dish I expected but it's pretty good. I like to think that a deep dish pizza should be more like a pie. You know, like a  ( pizza pie ) . The dough was perfect but the meat and cheese should've been layered a lot thicker . I'm going back to try the thin crust. Also the cheddar and bacon fries were delicious. It takes 35 mins to cooked the deep dish, so go online and see what kind of deep dish you want and order ahead if possible or you'll ruin your appetite on drinks and appetizers.
5	This is a take out for Chicago style pizza. This is as close to neighborhood Chicago pizza I've found in Vegas. Service is friendly and consistently reminds me of Chitown. As proud pizza snob, I highly recommend Amore!
5	I have had pasta at an event 3 times and have had  3 excellent experiences. The food is always delicious, fresh and is always a hit. We will absolutely continue to use Amore Taste of Chicago for catering when we need delicious pasta for a large group.
3	I brought a friend here for their birthday. Only came here for that deep dish! I haven't, nor my friend hasn't had one in a pretty long time. Only thing that bummed us out, was the wait for that pizza... It was 45 minutes to cook it..  :( We sat there and starved until that pizza came out lol You really do not think about the wait time for that type of pizza... It was a good pizza though. Two slices and that's about all I could handle. Next time, I will order on the phone and then dine in 40 minutes later lol.
2	We are here the night we moved so didn't know the area or consult yelp first-- bummer. While it wasn't horrendous, it was pricey for what we got and there wasn't even beer or wine service. There's so much good pizza in Vegas now, shame to waste the money or calories...
1	This might be a local favorite but the pizza tasted like a box. Little ingredient and no taste
1	I was waiting to pick up a Pizza,When one of the cooks went outside, smoked a cigarette talked with his friend,picked his nose,and went back inside and with out washing his hands started putting toppings on a Pizza! I asked for my money back ! and will never go back!!!
1	Just keeps getting worst, this is not the quality of Chicago pizza. Since when do you take a pizza that was cooked incorrectly with the missing ingredients and just throw some greasy sausage on top of it and it makes it super greasy!
4	Friend from CA came though, wanted pizza and my wife wanted wings. The pizza and wings were great. Simple and not bad at all, wish the wings were a bit meatier.
4	I am a Chicagoan and was suspicious about another "Chicago style pizza" place opening up. Needless to say, I was surprisingly pleased with their deep dish pizza. It is more dough than actual pizza, but the dough has the buttery crust taste of true Chicago style pizza. I would highly recommend this place.
5	I decided to give Amore another chance and I'm so glad I did!  The eggplant parm was amazing!  I will definitely be coming back for more!
4	Im originally from Chicago and came here for the first time hoping to take care of a deep dish pizza craving. I wasn't disappointed.  It doesn't compare to some of the best but it is definitely "chicago style" unlike most that claim they are (eh'em BJ's). I wish they sold their meat balls separtly (no points taken off) and can not have a romantic date here with the decor being heavily masculine/sports like (also no points lost).  Out of 5:  Service-4 Price-3 Business flow-4 Menu-3 Food quality- 4
5	Every time I visit the city of sin. Amore pizza is a must. Even though they are known for their deep dish pizza, thin crust is the way to go. Their pizza have a super crispy crust. I love their sauce as well. Me and my girlfriend usually get a medium and it gets us both full. the deep dish is good as well but it's just too thick. One slice will get you full. The spaghetti with meatballs is in my no fly zone. Do not get it. It tasted like regular spaghetti noodles with a can of hunts spaghetti sauce thrown on top. Even though I think their spaghetti is the worse, this place still gets a 5 star from me
4	Went here for first time as my friend from Chicago recommended it. Place is cute, servers nice, and pizza awesome!  We tried fried zucchini and mushrooms to start....not great as I think they were overcooked. Next was pepperoni and sausage pizza with thin crust. It was perfect! We ordered stuffed pizza...sooooooo good! hint: it takes 40 min to make so waitress said to call ahead if you want it faster.  I will be back!
3	Went for the 1/2 cheese stuffed pizza and the 1/2 choice. We had mushrooms, onions, green peppers and chicken on the 1/2 choice. Other than about a 35 minute wait for the pizza to be cooked (the waitress forewarned us) we enjoyed ourselves. The tomato sauce is extremely fresh and you can tell by the simple taste. The pizza was filking and we shared a medium between two of us with a few slices to take home. The place is full of large, crystal clear TVs for watching your favorite sporting event. The restaurant is clean and brightly lit. Saw someone order chicken parm and it looked like a LARGE portion of pasta and breaded chicken. If we are on this side of town again we would consider another visit.
5	The best deep dish pizza in town. Amores is a wonderful place to also cater large events. My sorority loves getting out events catered!
2	Have seen the advertising on TV and switched our dinner plans on a whim as we drove by.My wife had the Chicken Angelo,my son had the BBQ Chicken sandwich and I tried the lasagna.  First, the Chicken Angelo--the sauce was bland and unseasoned.  It is supposed to be a white wine and chicken base reduction with lemon.  It was almost tasteless.   2 stars.  The BBQ Chicken sandwich was fine, but there was a mystery side salad (about a cup and a half of chopped lettuce, chopped red onions and 3 tomato slices served without any dressing or dressing choice offered.  French fries portion was generous, crispy and hot..  3 stars.  My lasagna was puzzling.  The waitress indicated there was "lots of cheese", but I thought they skimped..  The top layer of cheese was mozzarella, and all the interior cheese was ricotta.  They advertise a meat sauce on the layers, but I had ricotta only, which made the lasagna fairly dry--not moist and gooey, like I am used to.  The lasagna was accompanied by two rather skimpy (I am guessing 2 ounce) meatballs on the side.   I have had, and I also make a whole lot better.  2 stars.  I would recommend doubling the meatballs--the cost would be only about 80-90 cents.All 3 dishes arrived at the same time, however the consequence of this was that my wife's and son's dishes were piping hot, while my lasagna was just past warm only.  One minor gripe.  When we got the bill after trying to catch the waitress's eye for about 3 or 4 minutes, the plastic folder stated "We proudly accept American Express Cards", which my wife put in for payment.  Our waitress took one look and informed us they no longer accept AMEX--handed the bill back and promptly scooted to another part of the restaurant.  Four minutes and 10 seconds later (finally---my chronograph watch does something useful !!l!), she returned to collect the check and credit card.  Another 3 and a half minutes and she returned with the bill for my wife to sign.  She managed to finish the night by hitting one of my pet peeves..  She started clearing the table while my wife was signing and while we were still seated.  After almost 9 min to check out, she couldn't have waited 30 more seconds for us to get up and leave???I am giving a rare (for me) 2 star rating.
1	Very disappointed and confused the hours are listed as 11am to 11pm called at 10:35 and JENNIFER claims the kitchen is closed and refused to take my order.  What kind if restaurant says they are open until 11 but refuses to take an order at 10:35???
5	I must say first I'm not really a fan of deep dish pizza. I give this place 5 stars because the baby back ribs were delicious. The service was friendly and fast. The place looked spotless and the high back chairs were very comfortable. I've only been once and thoroughly enjoyed it. Will be back soon.
5	Wow, the girls here are cute. If you love cheesy pizza's come on 'ere. :) I personally like the white pizza, the artichoke is quite tasty, 10/10 would come back. I also like the desserts, woop!
4	Throw your spears all you want, but I am just going to say it, in my opinion restaurant food in Vegas is boring, crappy, flavorless, and generally not good.After trying several of the top-rated pizza joints according to Yelp in Vegas, we finally found one with flavor and good service.It would be my opinion that Amore is the best pizza I have had in the area.  The restaurant is unassuming in a strip mall with ample paring and down-to-earth everything.This reminds me of the place I would have went to with my parents, and eventually take my kids too.  It has the family, legacy touch to it.Definitely our go-to pizza joint in the area.  I am not sure if they do a call ahead, order ahead process where the wait is cut back a bit.  There is a wait . . .  maybe 30 to 45 minutes for the bake time.I much as I liked the pizza and the service, we also ordered an appetizer, a sausage and pepper thing.  It was about a link of sausage sliced with peppers and onions.  It was very good, but it was like $8 for a link and as good as it was, maybe I think the price is too high for that.
3	Disappointed, so muchTV advertising, not all that good.Surprised to find an Italian/Pizza restaurant that does not serve beer and wine.Pizza sauce too sweet, I'm from near Chicago, this is not what I remember
5	The food was great, service excellent and all the Chicago pictures made this place a winner. If you want deep dish pizza, this is the place to go.
5	Whoever manned the oven tonight was on point!  This was the best pizza we've ordered from Amore.  Delicious.
1	The pizzas good but the service is awfulI was missing food from my order & when I called to ask - the girl blamed me saying I was mistaken & that I didn't order itScrew this place - they are such jerks!With so many great pizza joints in town they are handling business all wrongI'm from Chicago & this isn't how we do things - Shame on you Amore
3	After eating some of the best deep dish in the Bay Area, specifically Berkeley, amore taste of Chicago has fallen short of my previously perfected pizza with a flavor that gave me joygasmic goosebumps. We did delivery- ~$60 for two deep dishes with veggie toppings and one with the additional sausage for the omnivores. I was satisfied and full. Yet my standard has been set mercilessly high. Definitely a place to check out, but be mindful of what else is out there in the sea of deep dish pizza.
3	This place is a good lunch spot if you are looking for sandwiches. I tried the Italian sausage and sweet peppers. The sandwich was good but nothing special. I also got  fries. They weren't great, hot though. For desert I had a cannoli. It was good. Now the service, it was not great. Plain Jane service. They were more concerned about playing with their hair. Hopefully they have a different group there next time I go there.
3	I'm originally from the Chicago area and miss the food so much. This place definitely wants to be a Chicago eatery. It's not bad but nothing spectacular either. The best thing is probably the deep dish pizza. Fairly close to what you would get back home. Stopped in for lunch today got Italian sausage sandwich. The sausage itself was very good as was the au jus but the "sweet" peppers weren't really that great or sweet. I'm pretty amazed that this place doesn't have a Chicago dog or any hot dogs for that matter. Can't really call yourself a Chicago eatery without having Chicago dogs. Minus one star for that. Service was good for the most part but a bit turned off watching someone that's getting ready to serve your food play with their hair. Will return at some point but won't be a regular.
4	Good place, good food. Every inch of the decor is Chicago sports and everything Chicago. I have been here a few times. Pastas, great. Deep dish pizza, not 100% sure. Think it really depends on who is cooking. I have had 3 experiences with the deep dish. Great, good, and oh, its a pizza alright.I would have to tend to give them benefit of the doubt and come back and see how my next experience is. I would recommend this place
4	I'm not sure how we ended up at this place... Perhaps one of us had a random Chicago craving while in the Vegas area - as if quality Chicago-style food was knowingly easily accessible. Who knew that Vegas actually had a place that would cater to such need? Not I!  Thanks to Yelp, we made the trek here from the Vegas strip to grab italian beef sandwiches. The quality of meat was actually better than the average sandwich you normally get outside of Chicago. With the giardinera, it actually tasted rather authentic. The fries were hot and fresh - just how I like em! The service here was pretty good as well even though we were only three of about six patrons at the restaurant.  Most people who came in were ordering pizzas which makes me curious about how good those are. All in all, I wouldn't mind coming back here if I was actually in the area... Good stuff!
3	Pizza was good, a little pricy for pizza. Hubby was disappointed they don't serve beer, or coffee. Decent service just wasn`t expecting to spend $100+ on wings and 2 pizzas.
3	Just hit and miss. The eggplant parm was so good then I came back the other day and it was not the same and not even close to what I had before.
