5	If you have ever been to sumo sushi 2, then you know Jjanga. Great sushi and very fresh!
5	Great sushi! Chefs are fun and friendly lot of items on the menu to chose from and the prices are spot on! Plus get a stamp card 10 AYCE is free!
5	The beeeeest sushi in town! If you don't like joking And laughing with the ppl making ur food don't come here. You're treated like family here.. ALWAYS!
5	Wonderful food & service! The atmosphere is beautiful & welcoming. I've known the guys since they were at Sumo Sushi 2 & they've always been a blast to be around. I recommend this place to anyone who likes sushi!
5	Jjanga and his staff are friendly, energetic and make you feel like they are welcoming you to their home. The sushi is fresh, is deliciously amazing with pops of flavor throughout!  We are so happy for Jjanga to have his own place. We've been loyal fans for 4 years!Order everything on the menu!!!  You won't be disappointed.
5	Mini bf steak, fresh man, and mushroom ball were my favorite. Also good price of al la cart. Friendly staffs and nice food.
5	If the food doesn't wow you the upbeat and "super cool" staff will. Hands down the hippest sushi in town... Lost for what to order boss man will pick for you and you will like it every time!
5	Amazing restaurant with amazing people. Couldn't ask for a better place to enjoy great sushi.
5	This place is one if the best if not the best Sushi place in town! The Service, fish Quality and variety is amazing!Jhanga is an awesome sushi chef with a lot of unique creations. Definitely worth the drive for quality Sushi. I can't even say what our favorite rolls are because everything was super good. We will definitely be back! Thanks guys for finally getting a Sushi Restaurant right.
5	I can best describe this place as the "Cheers" of Japanese Restaurants in Vegas! Make this place a regular stop on your eating out and you will soon not need to order.   I am not a big sushi fan but the menu provides a lot of options for those of us no fish guys.
5	Everyone is so nice and the food is amazing. The chef really suggests amazing items that I wouldn't think to order. This is the kind of place where the menu is optional, you could sit at the bar and just take whatever you're given and it'll be great.
5	Great food!! Awesome people!!
5	This place is by far the best!!! Food is fantastic and the staff is amazing. They welcome you with such energy it feels good. They alway check on you which is what my boyfriend and I always look for when dining out. Everything on the menu is so good. Here are some of the things we really enjoy: cowboy roll, Stacy's mom, mini bulgogi, mini beef steak, mini pork steak and burn my ass roll. These are just a few suggestions. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone.
4	Not a lot people know about Jjanga yet so it was pretty easy to get a table on a Friday night that we went. The chefs and servers are Korean.Nigiri:We tried a bunch of nigiri: salmon, garlic tuna, amaebi, surf clam, Cajun albacore, super white and hamachi. Fresh fish and properly-cooked rice. Beef tataki was awesome! 5/5Salmon Skin Roll:Crispy salmon skin, right amount of eel sauce. 5/5Screaming Orgasm and Sashimi Salad:These items are only offered during dinner. The sauce is not a lot and is just enough to coat the fish. 4/5Beef Steak and Pork Steak:The beef steak is served on a sizzling plate but the flavor is lacking. There's nothing special about it. The pork steak was fatty and pretty tasty. 3/5Shrimp Tempura:Comes in 3 pieces per order. The sauce was ok but the shrimp didn't seem fresh and the batter was a but saltier than normal. 3/5Agedashi Tofu:The tofu is served lightly battered and fried and the sauce is good. 4/5Uni:They originally told us they were out of uni. But a few minutes later, we got a small bowl of uni. It is quite fresh. 4/5French Fries:I love fries so I got excited when I saw this on the menu. I had to have it. Their fries were just alright. It lacks flavor and seems hollow inside. 3/5What's nice is they offer brown rice. Their lunch AYCE is $21 and dinner is $26 so, it's not bad. The service is good. They gave our food to the next table and vice versa but it's no biggie.This place is rather new so I'm not surprised their sushi is fresh and they have a good rice to fish ratio. It would be interesting to come back here after a few months to see if they'd be consistent since most sushi places in Vegas start out good but as months go by, quality and service declines.
5	I am sitting at the restaurant writing this review. There's no need to sit on this experience before writing. I need you to immediately know that this sushi bar is by far the best tasting, best in service, and best AYCE. This is my new home and I want you to be a part of the family.  If you're having a bad day, just walk through the doors to Jjanga and all that melts away. The decor is comforting and quiet.  Sit at the bar and enjoy the ride with Choo, Jjango, Hickey, or Koo. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING is  fantastic. I now eat Unagi, Hokki, and Tako. The cure that they use is crazy good. Their sauces are gentle and fresh, not heavy and processed. Making everything in-house makes a huge difference in quality. These guys have serious balls. I love this place so much already that we are returning for dinner tonight. Why? Because it's the only place that brought me back to truly loving the sushi bar experience and the beauty of quality fish. It's not about how much you can eat here. It's about the beauty and flavors, just the way it should be.
5	Jjanga is my new favorite Sushi Restaurant! I have not written a review in a long time, but the food and service at Jjanga is top quality. We had the great pleasure of being served by the Sushi Hero Captain Choo at the bar. At some point it just became an Omakase situation. I was unable to find a fault with any aspect of Jjanga. We pretty much ran the gauntlet on the Nigiri section and not one piece disappointed. So if you want my opinion as to what you should order, close your eyes and point because its all good. I have a few friends who usually do not like things like Saba, Unagi or Tako. I would take them here because Jjanga could change their minds. I personally think they have the best cure on Saba in town. I am not a big sushi roll person but there are a lot of selections on the menu that excited my taste buds. I am still riding a food high right now so I will have to get back to you with a list of what rolls we tried. I have never had a riceless roll before, but Sushi Hero Captain Choo has introduced me to some great dishes. He also made a couple of special dishes for us which I am still smiling about three hours later. It pays to let him have creative license on your sushi. After a few orders he seemed to have nailed our preferences. He's a great chef. Also met Jjanga himself and I can't wait to eat his food. They were all super cool and fun.So the sushi is excellent. No questions about that. The appetizers are equally as great. If I was a fish, you would catch me by using Fried Chicken as bait. Jjanga is now my favorite chicken wing place. I do not suggest things often, but I would not hesitate to recommend the Chicken Wings. Jjanga could sell that alone and I would still be a regular. The Bulgogi is also perfectly executed. The memory of the Bulgogi has me salivating as I write about it. The meat and the marinade are perfect IMO. Try that too. If Jjanga sold Galbi it would be my favorite Korean restaurant as well lol.Well this review is already too long. You get the picture. I really like this place. High quality food and service with great prices. Easy 5 Stars.
5	Jjanga is awesome!  So glad we found these guys when they moved locations.  By far, the best sushi and atmosphere in Vegas.  We hadn't been there in about a month or so yet they remembered every sushi item that we normally ordered!  Now that's a great chef!  You have to try it!  "Pink Lady!!"
5	The best quality for both food and service!  The chefs are amazingly entertaining and the menu is just down right awesome.  Best sushi I've had and I just moved here from NYC.  If you're on the daring side try the Burning Your Ass roll!  Oh and all this at an all you can eat sushi restaurant! best value for the money and it's also so entertaining!   A show and a meal!
5	Nothing but THE BEST at Jjanga Japanese Sushi Restaurant! I know that I will never go anywhere else! Why would I if the place is clean, beautiful and so fun. Music is good and food is even better. Tried this new place out after our Jabbawockeez show for my 1 year/Valentines Day celebration and I couldn't be happier. The bf and I are huge beef lovers and we were so excited to find out that they serve a roll with actual seared steak on top!Jjanga himself made us an amazing steak dish with a delicious ginger/mustard sauce that was absolutely to die for! Never heard about this dish or sauce anywhere else before. We also tried all of their appetizers since we were doing AYCE and it was so tasty! We had the pumpkin soup which was rich, creamy, yet light all at the same time. The best juiciest and plump baked green mussels I've ever had at a sushi joint too (super happy about that!)The atmosphere was very enjoyable. The way the place is setup is really interesting but it all makes sense. There's a separate side to the left where they have rooms where you can rent for karaoke (going to try that at least once!) The music was playing throughout just loud enough to still enjoy dinner. The staff was so funny and made us laugh throughout the night. I am telling everyone about this place because I'm expecting to return as many times as possible. I know I'll never be disappointed every time I go.
5	Perfect!  Went last night with a party of eight. This is my new favorite place!  The sushi is amazing and everyone who works there is so friendly. We can't wait to go back!  One of the guys in our party asked if they are open for breakfast!!!  Delicious!
5	I went to this restaurant with a good friend of mine. And I will continue to go back time and time again. From the moment I walked in everything and everyone was inviting. We sat at the sushi bar and told the chefs to make whatever they wanted for us. I have tried things there that I have never thought of trying and wow was it good. Prepared to perfection and absolutely delicious. I will not go anywhere else for sushi ever again. Thank you guys!
5	The staff: like family. The food: Great! Really you can't go wrong with any choices. I drive here all the way from the South West of the Valley, completely worth it. LOVE Jjanga!!
4	We came here for Valentine's Day dinner, ready for some tasty AYCE after hearing good things about this new sushi place on Decatur near Twain.  Looking over the menu, I was so happy to see that they offered my favorite, the Lion Roll, which I've only found at one other sushi place in Henderson.  It turns out that the chefs at Jjanga (not that game Jenga) used to work at that Hendo joint, so now I don't have to go all that way to get my fix.  This place is new and was not that busy, which was just fine with us on this Hallmark holiday-no waiting for a table.  Very nice modern decor with wood accenting and quite roomy, this place doesn't feel like your traditional sushi restaurant.  Jung, our waiter du jour, was very friendly and attentive, making sure he answered any questions we had and kept the food and drinks coming.In addition to the Lion Roll, I liked the pumpkin soup, the Johnny Roll, and dessert, of course. Jjanga had a  Valentine's Day special: fried banana with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce, a sweet ending to a great V Day meal. Jung even took our  picture with some new-fangled Polaroid type camera so they could hang our photo on one of the walls, posted with those of other customers. We got one to keep, as well. After such an enjoyable and filling meal, we know that we shall return.
5	Soon to be one of the hottest spots off the strip in Vegas for legit sushi and an awesome atmosphere. Staff are all super friendly and great! A definite must each time I'm in town.
4	Jjanga is AYCE for $25.95Jjanga is new and not busyJjanga has excellent serviceJjanga is a good pick if you're looking for some Yum Yum Rolls. I'm not a sushi snob, but I do prefer Sashimi's and Nigiri over rolls.  It's been forever since I've had a Yum Yum Roll.  For some reason, I was craving these California Rolls drenched in mayo. It's been awhile. It's been a very long time.  So, when the gf suggested sushi for our Valentine's Day dinner instead of our usual steak dinner, I couldn't help be get a little excited about it.  From the time we walked in to the time we left, we had nothing but excellent service.  The team at Jjanga can sure teach a few other sushi restuarants out there about customer service.  They know what's up and they knew how to treat me and my special lady.  Good Job, Jjanga!My Items:Mells Roll:  This was my first roll of the evening. How could I not get this roll, right?  Inside was crab and shrimp.  This roll has a spectacular name, but was just okay when it came to taste.   Jjanga Burrito:  This is a hand roll with shrimp, broccoli tempura, and crab wrapped in soy paper.  This was actually pretty good and great light option if you're looking for something that isn't going to weigh you down. Jackpot Special:  Jackpot!  I think I found the king of all Yum Yum Rolls.  This one had shrimp tempura on the inside with spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and of course a ton of mayo sauce on the outside.  If you're going to eat bad, might as well get this. I probably could have gotten two of these rolls. Freshman Roll:  This had everything...tuna, salmon, and crab.  Wrapped in rice paper, my taste buds were a little confused on what it was tasting because there was so much going on.  But I still thought that this was good.  Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  What was I thinking?  The brown rice wasn't the best and the chicken was a little bland even with Teriyaki sauce. My bad...I shouldn't be going to a sushi restuarant expecting great chicken. Regarding their food, I only had 4 full rolls, their Jjanga burrito, Teriyaki chicken, and Green Tea Mochi.  Needless to say, I was stuffed.  I thought that the sushi was fresh, the rolls were tight, and all were packed with taste.  Bottomline, the food is fresh.  On my next visit, I will probably go back to Sashimi's and Nigiri's because that's what I prefer.  But from someone that doesn't frequent a Yum Yum Roll, I recommend this place. IPS:  They got the same rolls as Sumo. So if you're a fan of Sumo, then you'll be a fan of Jjanga.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (048/366)
5	Excellent food, great service, beautiful decor, relaxed atmosphere and reasonably priced. The AYCE menu offers everything you could possibly want and more and the staff are so friendly and helpful. I love everything about this place and I'll be back. Highly recommended!
5	It's hard to believe a 5 star review. I questioned the validity of some reviews (people who only have 2 or 3 other reviews). But I can honestly say this place deserves 5 stars. The AYCE was one of the best (sushi category) that I've had. Far better than any I've had in San Diego (my hometown). And their AYCE menu is huge: nigiri, appetizers, sushi, sashimi, and even desserts! The sushi quality was good and their rolls were very flavorful and unique (not to mention most of them having phallic names). And, as a group, we all thought the biggest reason this place deserves 5 stars (besides the awesome food) is because of the service. JJ, one of the servers there, was the coolest and funniest. He have the best recommendations, made us laugh, and just made the experience that much better. The owner was also pretty cool, hooking us up with mochi and a few other things here and there. We will definitely be visiting this place the next time in Vegas.
5	So I'm usually pretty skeptical when it comes to places with less than 100, or even less than 50 reviews. I mean the restaurant can easily pay people or urge their friends to write great reviews for them...But lo and behold, this places deserves all five stars.It's a really new place. It opened on February 1st. We went there literally 2 weeks after its opening. The place was completely empty during lunch. Because they were pretty empty, we got to talk to the server and the sushi chef the entire time. According to them, the night before (February 14), it was packed and there was a full 1 and 1/2 hour wait. That's great for a new restaurant!The sushi chef, Captain Choo Choo, was really nice and friendly. The staff seems very laid back and fun. They made some recommendations on the fish and rolls to try, one of which was the saba (mackarel), which can really be super fishy at some places. Fortunately, it was actually really delicious here. It was flavorful without having that extremely fishy after taste. I was definitely impressed with that choice.All of the nigiri that we ordered had fresh, delicious fish. None of them left a bad taste in my mouth. Some memorable ones were the halibut and the yuzu yellowtail. Both of them had light sauce, which didn't overpower the light flavors of the fish.They also have sushi burritos, which have gained popularity since it popped up in norcal. I ordered the monkey burrito, These sushi burrito options usually come with tempura shrimp, some sort of raw fish, rice, and a soy paper wrap. It was definitely a big portion, but it was delicious!Unfortunately at lunch, they don't offer the full menu, so we couldn't try the steak, uni (sea urchin), ebi (sweet shrimp), sashimi options, and the mochi ice cream. All in all, it's one of my favorite ayce sushi places. I think it tops Goyemon, at least for their lunch. They were nice enough to give us stamp cards even though we're from out of town, so we'll definitely be back soon!
5	best sushi place in Vegas.  Good for family with kids n large groups. Staff r great n the food is awesome. Im here in Vegas for a week and I came to eat here 3 times already. Yes I am Def coming back again. I'm in love with this place. Must try
5	Love Jjanga! Amazing owner and sushi! Great environment and I'm happy they have a full bar instead of just sake and beer. Great location. Definitely worth checking out.
5	Best AYCE sushi in town! Great selection with 6 rolls offered with no rice! All the rolls we ordered had excellent flavor and amazing freshness! The service was amazing including the owner coming to the table multiple times! Accommodated our large party with ease. Will definately be our new sushi joint! Thanks again jjanga!
5	Ok so there was a large group of us and my turn to pick so we got to go to the new sushi place in town! The biggest part of dining out for me is the experience, it can make or break a night out! This place is top for service, multiple servers bring you your food as it's ready, fill your drinks and keep you satisfied. Jjanga himself was comedy entertainment, even entertaining the one kid with us between the treasure chest, light up toys and verbal and nonverbal jokes! The quality of the rolls, appetizers, soup and everything Inbetween was great! I can't even say what my fave was as we lost track as we all just kept ordering and tasting! They have great tuna poki! Great flavor and freshness! The appetizer selections were huge, I didn't have any but I know the crab balls were a hit at the table! The 6 no rice rolls were the favorites with the tuna one (forgot the name) and the fresh man rolls being top! The 69 tempura roll and the jackpot were also big hits! Great flavor popping in them all and nobody complained.... We must have ordered at least 25 things between all of us! The mochi was great with the mango being my fave but chocolate and strawberry were hits! I know we will be back... Jjanga knows we want tshirts and he is ok with us being corny and playing Jenga sushi at Jjanga! Oh and don't forget your frequent buyer card! The 10th is free!
5	I predict this place being the new "spot" in Vegas! --well it's definitely one of my new favorite spots to eat here. Friendly staff, in house sushi chefs are funny, ambience is good, decor is great! Love this spot & it's a must try!! Al a carte or ayce it will definitely be worth it! Prices are superb (please don't change it haha)
5	Great place!!!!!! We came on late got a couple dishes we wanted and then they just started bring us stuff and it was amazing.  So after that we just told them to bring us whatever they wanted to make cuz all the food was 5 star.
5	This place took me by surprise. I've ate at so many AyCE places and this place did not disappoint. They even brought dishes that we didn't order but LOVED!!!!! They are attentive n the vibe is nice even though not a fan of K pop but food makes u forget about that!!!
5	Luv this place , first time here , from yelp . Luv it no rice roll. Luv the cucumber and the waitress has been awesome on recommending the best on the menu.
5	Best sushi bar in Vegas! Incredible food & service! Such a fun environment & I loved that Koo Koo asked us what foods we liked & created dishes for us, it was so great to discover new tastes. We will be back forsure, they had us laughing all night!
3	5 Star Rating?? Hahaha, not quite. Although their sushi tastes somewhat fresh & rolls were well made, the bento boxes are tiny and quality are a dime a dozen back in LA. We came with a group of 7, and although the restaurant was slow with less than 7 other guests aside from our group, the food came out slow, and 5 minutes apart from eachother. So when the final entree came out, most were finished. And no daicon available either. Food was pretty good but not 5 Star quality.
5	Jjanga Sushi = Best in town. Great environment and amazing chefs. Every roll is A++. Ask for the Choo Choo special.
5	Warm welcome... CheckGood atmosphere.... CheckAwesome rolls... CheckCustomer Service... Check. Check. All in all it was a great time and experience. Our chef KooKoo was KooKoo and made our night. Gotta try the Lasagna Roll & Grapefruit Sake. Just found my new sushi spot. Cha Ching!
5	Created a yelp account just so i can give this place "5stars"! This is my 3rd visit here in10 days....goes without saying this is amazing. The food is to die for and the service is beyond excellent! Always leave here full and happy! Oh and JJ's the best!!! :)
5	I would frequent Sumo Sushi when Jjanga and choo choo were there just to have a good experience and the sushi was pretty good. But, not that Jjanga has opened his own sushi restaurant it is the best of both worlds, including excellent sushi and a fun atmosphere. Jjanga has the best sushi in town, it is fresh, tasty and unique rolls. My favorites are the superman burrito, freshmen roll, something wrong 69 and the mixed Karai has such a great flavor and spice. Their screaming orgasm is the best I have ever had. My favorite nigiri items are the garlic tuna, Cajun albacore and yuzu yellowtail. This place has my favorite sushi chefs, delicious sushi and a fun party atmosphere... What more could you need for a sushi meal? I am so happy for Jjanga and will continue to drive the 10+miles for the delicious food!!! Woooo Jjanga!!
5	Great new spot!  Most employees are previously from sumo sushi on SW side of town.  Really good service and quality of fish.  The jovial manager made our night, he hooked it up with yellowtail sashimi and tall asahi beer.  Checked up on us and recommended some popular sushi they had!  Suggest checking out photos and picking your selection from there before ordering.  Big plus is they're open late and the decor is clean Japanese new school.  Will come again soon.
5	A group of us dined at Jjanga 2 weeks ago and I forgot the review but posted the pictures so here it goes.....Jjanga has an upbeat, energetic casual atmosphere. When you walk into the restaurant, we were greeted by all staff and a neon board situated behind the bar as soon as you entered. All the chefs are welcoming and have their own specials not on the menu. Jjanga knows that this Hawaiian loves me some poke. The rolls are freshly made and the seafood fresh. Try the fresh wasabi, its different and gives your sushi roll or nigiri a different taste and kick. The AYCE menu has great choices and resonable priced. The tempura here is not oily and stayed crisp.The lunch menu and bento boxes are great on the wallet. A wide variety of selection to choose from. If you dine during lunch on Fridays and Saturdays ask for VERA she's a great server. Order a giraffe carafe from her...its tasty and goes well with the sushi. Don't forget your punch card...
5	The food is amazing and the service is amazing.  AMAZING X2  Looks like I will coming back here again and again.  I think JJanga is going to be my new favorite sushi spot.
5	Great Chefs,  Great rolls!! awesome service!!  Have great spicy sauce call KISS sauce it will give you a great burn!!!!!
5	The best AYCE sushi I've ever had. Place was nice, workers were nice, every dish I had was delish, they even had red bean ice cream wish most restaurants only serve green tea! Please open one up in LA and HI!
5	This is my new favorite sushi spot in town!!! The restaurant is beautiful with a cool ambience. We sat at the bar, and Chef Choo Choo was a blast! He was fun and lively, and made the best sushi I've ever had! All you can eat was $20, a great price for sushi that was creative, artful, and delicious. Choo Choo made us custom dishes that he thought we would like. We also got to meet the owner Jjanga, who was so fun! On our way out, both chefs gave us hugs and thanked us for coming. Its an amazing place, and we will be regulars!
4	I was intrigued by the enormous number of high reviews in a short time, but was never sure when I would make it here.  Saturday night was double date night with our friends who are getting married at the end of the month.  We both had Hachi coupons for Red Rock and carpooled from Henderson to eat there, only to find it mysteriously closed without notice.  We all wanted sushi (well, Steven S. doesn't eat sushi but will eat cooked stuff) so I angled for Jjanga and Nicole B. begged for Oyshi.  I won since we drove, and off we went :)Upon arriving at Jjanga, we walked into a really nice, spacious and well-decorated atmosphere.  The guy greeting us was so full of energy!  We had no wait thankfully and were immediately seated at a booth that had an impressive structure to it.  The booths are very spacious and sort of private, which was cool.  The service was truly outstanding throughout the night!  Our primary server was Jane, but everyone on the team including Mr. Energy were checking on us.  The food orders came out so fast that we were never waiting too long, except for the cooked meal.We started off with iced green tea for me and Steven S.  Eric R. got hot green tea.  Our gripe was that the tea was basically water with a dash of green color.  No flavor - Eric R. asked for a pot was told there is only one for the whole restaurant.  We got refills but these items are not worth the cost in the future.Steven S. went with the salmon teriyaki and subbed brown rice - this took quite awhile for him to get and initially the rice came out white - instead of leaving his hot plate and bringing him new rice, it was taken away for awhile but did come back steaming hot...except his side dish of "mashed potatoes" was a cold pink potato salad which freaked him out.  I tasted it and it was fine, but I do not think Americans like cold mashed potatoes.The 3 of us did AYCE, and there were many items to try.  My first round included yuzu yellowtail, a salmon skin handroll, scallop sushi, and mackerel.  The salmon skin handroll came out surprisingly fast and it was quite excellent, crisp, non-greasy, with gobo, avocado and cucumber.  The yuzu yellowtail was pretty good.  The mackerel was covered in this ginger dressing that I found odd for pairing, but the scallop was great - nice hunks of scallop mixed with masago and green onion.  Eric R. got the Washington roll (salmon and avocado but with that ginger dressing again, which he did not like and Steven S. did not like on his salad - it was kind of creamy) and a few other pieces (tuna, halibut).  For apps, for grins I got who's your ex wife (jalapeno stuffed with fish) and agedashi tofu (teeny tofu square, tasty but more room temperature).  Eric R. got the ebi hotate skewer which he said was covered in some sort of mustard sauce.  We also tried the bulgogi app which was actually really good - with onions on a hot sizzling plate.Nicole B. got James Bond, California, and Spider Rolls and seemed happy with them - they were able to make rolls with brown rice too.  Eric R. then got the sashimi salad (he said it was okay) but was happy with the poki salad.  Our next round of nigiri was ikura and beef tataki for Eric R. and tako, ika, and amaebi for me.  The amaebi was really good.  I asked the energetic guy up front for the fried heads which is happily offered to get for me upon request.  I ordered 2 but since they took awhile he brought me 4.  Next Eric R. and I got negihama handrolls, and I had jalapeno slices added and he got surf clam.  My final order was another round of scallop nigiri and uni.  The uni was all excellent except for one piece which was darker and when I bit into it I hit a huge piece of shell.  I showed it to a server and it was no big deal - but she did apologize.Eric R. got mochi and ice cream and Nicole B. got mochi to finish.  The highlights of the experience are the ambiance, the great service, and the very fast delivery of food.  Nothing was ever forgotten, food came as soon as it was ready, and many servers stopped by to check on us and take more orders.  No one ever seemed rushed or trying to time us.  What I recommend from my experience are the salmon skin handroll, scallop sushi, bulgogi, and the amaebi.
5	They accommodated to me and my friends very generously! I ordered teriyaki chicken and he used some of it to make a roll he thought I would like. I love the service, atmosphere, food, and especially the staff! A must go if you're in Vegas or looking for a new sushi place!
5	The food is amazing here. Everything tastes so fresh. The food comes out in super fast. And there's a good variety of both cooked and uncooked dishes.If I have to recommend ONE thing to try here.. it's the POKE SALAD! Yum.. its so delicious. Not sure why no one ever thought to combine poke salad and seaweed salad and make it spicy! You can only order one per person so I ordered one for everyone and ate it all lol.Another amazing feature of Jjanga is the service. Waiters are constantly moving around, checking on drinks, taking away empty plates, and the energy here is so fun! Its one of the best services I've experienced in awhile.Oh and the chef sent us a free sashimi dish while we were here. How awesome is that??Definitely coming back soon.
5	The best sushi I've eaten in my life ever! XXX and tastes like my exgirfriend rolls are superior, and I could eat their mango mochi ice cream all day! The decor is tasteful and the tables are very cozy. The host guy was hilarious, although I'm not sure if he was trying be or or not. A+ for the accent and atmosphere dude! ;)
3	Went a few nights ago and can't understand all the rave reviews. On the plus side, the prices are very reasonable and the service is very good. But where it truly counts for me--THE FOOD!--Jjanga is mediocre at best. My friend and I ordered about 10 items off the menu including hot "appetizers" from the kitchen and sushi/rolls from the sushi bar, and found almost every dish to be over-cooked (ex sushi of course) and under-seasoned. With all the better sushi options around town, I won't be going back.
5	Awesome place. The chefs are great, you will experience rolls that you would have to pay allot more at other places. In a shady area but once there awesome place. Have know the owner for years, happy to see he got his own place. Staff is very attentive and polite.
4	Grapefruit Sake friends ... It is a Korean influence on a Japanese Take of AYCE::But the Quality and Service is A KungFu kick to the face because of how great it is!! Wow:: surprise :: also I LOVE THE FACT the dishes are bite siZe cause that means MORE!!  The only thing I really didn't like was the bottle my sake came in:: I feel a little cheated cause of Belly being used by a non functioning girth in middle of it:: I added a photo for more Detail:: Overall Yay!
4	Vegas can never have too many all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants in my opinion. I love stuffing my face with all the sushi and rolls that I can muster. For $25.95, it's totally worth it. After trying a bunch of items, I'd have to say that their nigiri is better than their rolls. The unagi was the highlight of the meal for me. With its crispy charred edges giving way to a mildly sweet tender and meaty body, this fresh water eel was the best I've had at any AYCE spot. Other solid options were the tuna, halibut, yellowtail and red snapper. On the flip side, I wasn't crazy about the beef tataki nigiri because it was too rare and fatty than I would have liked.My favorite roll was the tuna naruto (tuna, salmon, white fish, and crab wrapped in cucumber). I also tried the Hawaiian roll and Joe's special roll but both had too much sauce, either masking the taste of the fish or rendering the rice mushy and causing the roll to fall apart.Other items tried were the gyoza and chicken katsu. Both were satisfying.Food came out unusually fast, so I'll have to request them to pace it out more next time. Service was exceptional as they stopped by often to take additional orders, refilled water glasses, and inquired about our food.3.5 Stars
1	This review for AYCE only. First and definitely last time in my life I tried AYCE! Looking at all 5 star reviews for JJANGA, husband and I decided to give it a try. What a horrible mistake. Tiny pieces of not so fresh fish. The smallest appetizers I ever seen. Should mention ikura and uni. I am from Russia, so I know a thing or two about caviar. Black caviar and and red caviar (salmon roe). My guess is that salmon roe served to us in JJANGA, was stored in a refrigerator (not in a freezer, which is fine) for minimum 2-3 weeks. It was bitter and smelly!  I've eaten a lot of uni. A couple of times we even drove to CA just to get fresh uni. However, I must don't know enough about sea urchin, because I cannot imagine, how spoiled uni must be to turn BLACK?  I am not even going to talk about rolls. Will just mention that 99% of rolls are made form spicy imitation crab meat and cream cheese. I cannot call "sushi" cream cheese wrapped in rice.Thank you JJANGA for teaching me a lesson..
5	The all-you-can-eat dinner buffet was my favorite meal in Vegas. I'd give 6 stars if I could.Unlike other sushi joints that set up cheaper, rice-filled cuts of fish for buffets, Jjanga is order straight from the menu. Any nigiri or specialty roll is fair game! All if which is delicious and fresh, coming from a sushi snob.They're open late and a $10 cab ride from the Palms. Hit them up. Yuhee's a bomb server, she kept bringing us more and more 'chef's specials'. They even took our picture with a Polaroid at the end. Feel like Frank Sinatra here!
5	My friends and I gave this place a shot on my birthday. & I've got to say that it was not only the best birthday dinner I've had, but it was the best sushi experience I've ever had. The servers are very friendly and this place is very upbeat. JJ is a trip! He's a pretty awesome host. As for the food, it was really great. We tried several rolls and it was just wonderful and quite different. Their poki salad was one of the best ones I've ever had & I actually managed to finish mine! I highly, highly recommend this place & I claim this to be my new sushi spot! Another awesome thing is that they have punch cards for AYCE, which I've never seen from other sushi places. I'm definitely going to to back for more!
5	After one visit to JJANGA's, I'm sold!! This place is hands down the best sushi I have ever had.  My friend highly recommended it, as she has followed JJ in the past at all the sushi restaurants that he has worked at and was so excited that he opened his own place!  The atmosphere was energetic and fun and everyone was welcoming right when we walked in.  The sushi was simply amazing.  We did the AYCE and the food just kept coming.  The wait staff were all very attentive to our needs, our plates and glasses were always full.  The yellowtail sashimi was a favorite, along with spicy tuna and salmon, but pretty much everything we tasted was fabulous.  I don't particularity like grapefruit or sake, but the grapefruit sake was like nectar of the Gods!  After sake, and tons of sushi, we had mochi for dessert, along with a glass of red.  Even the wine glasses were fun!  They were painted with fun sayings on them.  Mine had a dog on it and it said "fetch me my wine" haha!  Loved it.  JJANGA is a great place if you are looking to have amazing food and fun evening out.  We will be back and hope to check out the karaoke room next time!
5	Very good sushi , quality and atmospher very good 5/5 star , our sushi chef was koo koo , very nice costumer service 5/5 , they have meeting room or party room ( like Private VIP room ) karaoke room , kitchen food was great 4/5 .So over all these place is very good , my new spot to come
4	Oh yes yes yes. This seedy parking lot is coming up roses!The staff here is hilarious. They have a great sense of humor about their culture's stereotypes and bounce around from table to table taking orders and making jokes. Do not be fooled by the neighbors construction or the pool hall's dumpiness. It is very nice inside and much bigger than you would anticipate (heh).  We did not do the AYCE, but it was reasonably priced at $25.95 (dinner). Our a la carte bill turned out to be about $50 for two people and here's what was on the menu:2 Cold Draft Beers and 1 Large Hot SakeNigiri (at $3 a set- splurge on the smokey and regular salmon)Fresh Men Roll- Holy Rolly. Riceless but delicious.Candy Cane RollRed Rock Roll- I might pass this one up in the future due to a weird mint taste that we couldn't find the origins of.
5	I can't rave enough about this place. They just opened in February 2014. I discovered them through yelp and so glad I did. We've been here 3x in the last 2 weeks. Why? Excellent service hands down! Their sushis are so fresh and really, really good  JJnga is such a fun atmosphere. It will truly give you one of the best dining experience. It's also kid friendly which offers a variety of bentos for children.
4	Great japanese place - service amazing the quality of the food and the price completely worth it.
5	Its a really good place to eat with ur family. The chefs are hilarious . One of the chefs nickname is captain choo choo
1	Too slow !!!!!!!!Forgetful !Food is so so.Don't go there wast your time and money.
4	I came here for AYCE dinner because this restaurant averaged 5 stars after 71+/- reviews. We made a reservation for a party of 9 and was able to be seated on a very timely manner. The waiters and servers were friendly. There was also a very amusing manager or owner walking around yelling funny comments throughout the night. He definitely livened up the atmosphere. Their decor was nice too. They have these giant banners of pictures of the sushi chefs behind the bar. They're hilarious! Oh! And they also had a female sushi chef. I don't think I've ever seen one before so that was interesting. The sushi itself was really good. I think this is one of my new favorite spots for AYCE sushi. Amazing rice to fish proportion! Each piece of nigiri had a very small ball of loosely packed rice. I loved it!  Their special rolls were alright. I don't remember being super impressed on any of them. The appetizers were decent as well. They ran out of oyster so we couldn't try any :( I'm definitely coming here again. Huge fan of their nigiri! The only reason why I didn't give the full 5 stars is because we had a pretty large group of people... 2 tables... And each time they brought out a big order, they'd put it all on one plate. Most places would separate the servings into two plates so that it's easier to share amongst ourselves. We ended up taking the plates and passing it down all throughout the night. Not a big deal.. Just an inconvenience. Oh, and another thing... They completely missed our entire second round of orders. We just kept sitting there with an empty table waiting and waiting. It didn't seem too bad because I was with my chatting with my group of friends the whole time. Once we realized the food wasn't coming, we just asked them about it. They were able to put in the order quickly.
5	craving for sushi. found a new spot in vegas. ayce 20.95 another 5$ (dinner price) for unique items on menu. everything was fresh and melts in your mouth. ordered nigiri and special appetizers. ended the day with some green tea and polaroid snapshot to remember. friendly service and lovely enviroment. got my card stamp, coming back for sure. thank you Yuhee for taking care of us
5	Jjanga always deliver great food,atmosphere,service, has it all!!!!!!have a sashimi plater hamachii kama yummy everything was good!!
5	The banners of the sushi chefs at the sushi counter are the sole reason why I will be back! Sitting at the sushi bar is the only way to go! Jjanga and our chef Hickey were a riot.  We usually order nigiri and a few appetizers and stay away from the rolls so if you're a roll fan look for other peoples reviews.  For an AYCE joint, the sushi was pretty Damm good.  Amaebi was fresh, not dried out like you'll find at most others.  The beef tataki was good as was the yellowtail with yuZu. I probably had the best AYCE salmon skin hand roll- it was so good Hickey made me two!I've stayed away from AYCE for maybe 5-6 months as I've been spoiled paying 2.5X for fresh fish but for the price and definitely the service and atmosphere you can't go wrong with Jjanga.Sit at the bar and you'll have a great time!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Female server forgot to put in a couple of orders. Not a good variety of desserts offered. Fried rice took a while to cook and still came out barely warm.LIKE  Ambiance and decor. Well-dressed male hosts/servers. Streamlined a la carte pricing. The appetizers. A good variety of sushi rolls. Sushi was fresh and came in good sized portions.LOVE  The Fresh Men roll. All the hand rolls.
5	Best AYCE sushi we both had EVER!!! Why?My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas over the past weekend. We decided to steer away from the pricey and potentially over-hyped restaurants along the strip and try the local restaurants in the city. We looked on Yelp and this new AYCE place was rated 5 stars - was a given that we should give it a try!We came here just after lunch time so it wasn't too much. The first thing that struck us was the welcoming decor and matching cool restaurant t-shirts of the servers! It's so refreshing to go to an AYCE sushi restaurant with the ambience and feel of a a la carte sushi place. The menu offered a wide selection of nigiri and rolls. They even had Hamachi yellowtail included in the AYCE pricing (this is very rare in Toronto where we're from). Service: friendly staff, server was somewhat helpful with the wide selection of menu, orders came quickly, the pace of the orders that arrived at our table was perfect to our eating pace, plates cleared off of table promptly.Food: the ratio of fish to rice was perfect (not too much rice), sushi tasted very fresh, rolls were very creative with many types of combinations of ingredients and extremely tasty (it's obvious that they had spend a lot of time in finding the right combinations that complement each other). Favourite nigiri: hamachiFavourite rolls: candy cane, playboy specialPrice: very reasonable for the quality of the foodWill definitely try to visit again next time I'm Vegas!
5	The prices, the service and for that food...unbelievable. The names of the rolls were provocative especially with our kids reading the menu but the sushi was excellent. And at 5P on a Monday, avocado rolls, a veggie roll, tastes like my ex-girlfriend, and dancing eel. Those were the good rolls minus the veggie roll that we did not like (it had a nice crunch and was very fresh).What made this excellent sushi were a few unique "dishes": the screaming orgasm (appetizer of seared tuna on a bed of radish), the spring mountain roll, and the monkey burrito (we ordered a 2nd). The first few rolls were delivered within 5 minutes after we ordered and the rest not all at once but in a nice progression. Freshness, great taste, and spicy sauces. Our 9 year old and 11 year old provided the ultimate compliment. In general, they both enjoy and will answer "Sushi", when we ask 'What would you like for dinner?' but they what they like and they do not like all sushi. After one bite of those three, all they could say was "More please."Get some...
4	What immediately sets Jjanga apart is the tasteful and spacious interiors which oddly transitions to the Iron Chef like posters at the sushi bar, quite quirky.  This would be a good spot for group dates and families.  It was the first time I went into a restaurant that had a pirate chest with complimentary toys for kids.  How sweet!  This grown up joint definitely caters to the little one's needs, complete with a panda face bento box and st. Patrick's day green utensils.  The service is also very accommodating and friendly.The food was great, but we did experience a discrepancy between sushi orders.  Some were cut beautifully and some were kinda butchered (I didn't take photos of our salmon nigiri and the follow up orders because they looked bad).  There were 2 sushi chefs at the counter that day and I'm not sure if the bad ones all came from 1 guy, but I do hope when you eat here you don't experience this.  We were bummed that super white tuna sushi isn't available on a regular basis but their fish cuts were substantial in ratio to the rice and quite fresh.  The rolls are large and you cannot order half rolls, but the rice doesn't drown out the other ingredients.  Their bbq chiken appetizer was very tender and tasty and the other item that we thoroughly enjoyed was the Freshmen no rice roll.  It had tuna, salmon, avocado and crab wrapped in rice paper and drizzled with a ginger sauce.  It was very light and refreshing!  Even my husband really loved this!  This is something I haven't seen anywhere yet and it was lovely.  It is a tall order to be pitched against Goyemon, Sushi Koma, Blue Fin and the many AYCE sushi options in vegas and I'm not quite sure if their nigiri necessarily equals in quality, but the vibe of the place, the friendly service and the inventiveness of their menu definitely warrants a visit.  I will be rooting for this place to keep up the good work.
5	After hearing about this place from people in the sushi community I decided to try it out. This place has rockstar quality food, decor is nice, service is on point and the price for All You Can Eat is crazy low compared to the quality. I do advise everyone to at least check this spot out!! Ill be back for sure!
5	This place is great! The sushi chefs are awesome! And so funny, eat at the bar. The sushi is great!
5	The exterior desigb of the plaza might fool you, but do not let the old fashioned brick walls and casual liqor store on the corner lead your judgemt towards a "hole-in-the-wall" kind of place. I was skeptical about visiting JJanga at first just because of the location, but I'm glad I took my friend's recommendatuon. The food is great, at a great price, and even involves a vegetarian special and a specially spicy section, for those of us with specific tastes. The staff was friendly and wanted to make sure they accomodated their custmers' needs. The design, the interior, spacious and very well designed. I can't wait until the karaoke opens up.The owner seems to be a very well known sushi chef in town, and I think JJango is going to be the new Jang out for me in the future.
3	Went here yesterday to get our sushi fix after a nice day of hiking icebox canyon.  Our party of 6 was famished and was quickly seated for lunch.  It wasn't very busy as it was a weekday and we were having a late lunch.  "The sooner I can sit down, the sooner I can get started on stuffing my face!" is what I say.I know it's difficult to have a large party go for AYCE, but when the staff forgets about what you ordered and constantly have to be reminded of it, you know there's some organization issues in the back.  There were a couple of dishes that didn't even make it to the table before our check did.  Regardless, it was a good start, but the staff couldn't handle our giant appetites towards the end.Some notable dishes we had involved fresh fish and good flavor combinations.  Their maguro (red tuna) was excellent that day!  I'm normally a fan of salmon, but the nigiri to order was the maguro.  The redder, the better!  I also really enjoyed their Spider Roll (a classic) and their Double D Roll.  The Double D Roll was listed under their shrimp tempura special rolls and had great intermingling of flavors along with a little kick at the end.  It was one of our favorites!  Another plus was that they do not pack on the rice!Now on to the not-so-great dishes.  The shiro maguro (albacore) that we ordered came seared when we were under the impression that it would have been raw.  Upon eating it, you could definitely taste a distinct fishiness, which shouldn't be the case if it were fresh.  They also topped it with what tasted like the garlic sauce they usually put on top of garlic tuna.  Since this was my first time here, I wasn't sure if this was their norm to sear the shiro maguro.  I honestly think this fish was on its way to going bad, so they needed to serve it but mask the extra fishy flavor.  Another one that wasn't so appetizing was their super white tuna, which isn't listed on their menu but somehow had it when we asked for it.  It was a little disappointing because the freshness wasn't there.  There were a couple of other nigiri that just didn't cut it to my expectation of freshness, but these two were the most distinct.I would like to see this business succeed because the ambiance, decor and cleanliness of the restaurant is excellent.  The staff really has potential to excel!  Our server was very accommodating and attentive, but unfortunately the lunch staff in the back couldn't accommodate our large orders. I probably won't be back unless they make some changes to their organization and quality.P.S. If you're in a bind for choosing your dessert, get the green tea mochi.  It appears to me that it is homemade and you really taste the yummy green tea flavor!  You won't regret it!
5	One word ... Awesome!  I don't even know what we ate because the chef asked us what we wanted and when we were undue he just started making things he thought we'd like and they were fantastic!  With and without rice, the seafood was super fresh and the atmosphere sitting at the sushi bar was fantastic. I will definitely make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas
4	AYCE based sushi restaurant.  As AYCE places go, this is one of the better ones I have sampled. FIrst off, if you don't want AYCE their prices are pretty reasonable and you can have three special rolls for the same price as AYCE.  If you like simpler sushi/sashimi you can have up to 5 rolls.  The fish is very fresh and they have a lot of creative rolls.  The crab ball appetizer is excellent.  I was able to try the jackpot, grand canyon, golden scallop, crab roll, volcano, cowboy, and more.  Many of their special rolls are soft shell crab based which is not my favorite.  The menu, although with plenty of choices, seems to lean heavily in the tuna, salmon and crab arenas.  We received a sample of the salmon belly which was good.The staff is very friendly and even has a box of toys for the kids so my daughter had a good time. She really enjoyed the Mel's roll, having three of them, and the crab balls.  There are several kids options on the menu yet surprisingly, none of them include sushi which was a bit disappointing.The special rolls are named with risque themes so be prepared to answer questions from your child if you bring him or her.Overall an excellent option if AYCE is your thing!
5	What a Great lunch!  Walked into a very warm welcome!  First timers and we were introduced to what wonderful selections they had.  We were steared in the right direction. Tried several rolls, Spicey crab, Spicey scallops, had garlic tuna ;)  and tried the spicey chicken. LOVED ALL OF IT! That and the friendly service will bring me back!
2	First time we came it was a great experience overall on regards to great food and good service. The second time I went there was a drastic change. Service was slow, lazy and it felt as if they just didn't care. We were checked up on only when I had to look around and even then they were reluctant to help. I hope the service gets better.If you do go, do so during the evening hours because the service is much better.
3	I wasn't impressed. We went as a group of 10. Service was a bit lacking and our orderscame out so slow. Half of the items that we ordered never came out and after about 1.5 hours I called it quits. I never got my udon, various nigri, etc. Maybe because it is fairly new that they have to work out the system, but for now I will remain loyal to the places that I know will give me what I ordered. Fish quality was ok. I did try an oyster even though it is not oyster season but it was definitely not a good oyster! I can't exactly remember anything that stood out to me that said this place is UH-MAZING. It was nice that there was a bunch of variety. Overall, service was lacking. We couldn't find our server for a good 20 minutes and food was ok. I wouldn't be back anytime soon.
5	The food was amazing and our server, Yuhee was simply amazing!!!! Fresh men roll was to die for and the sashimi salad was incredible. My new favorite sushi restaurant.
5	Incredible staff, very friendly and helpful. Great food and atmosphere. Many meat dishes but vegetarian friendly. Sit at the sushi bar and have jjanga whip up some great food!
4	Korean-style Japanese restaurant.This place isn't as authentic as many other Japanese restaurants nearby, but offers cool ambience and good food.I really like their bulgogi bowl for lunch.
5	I absolutely love this place! I was referred here by a friend. Loved my first experience there. I went there again for my birthday. The sushi is so delicious! The staff is great, some comedians and really nice people! I met Mr. Jjanga at they end of the night, so nice. The All you can eat menu is totally worth is. There are endless choices on sushi rolls, like baked rolls, no rice rolls, fried rolls, appetizers, etc. They even have a punch card for each time you go! Highly recommend. It looks questionable from the outside area, but it has a great ambiance!
5	Came here for ayce sushi because it was the first on yelp search and it was our last night in Vegas. We paid $25.95 for dinner per person and it was so worth giving a ten dollar tip! Their service for taking away and bringing out food was just 10 out of 10!!! Could not find any complaint at all! The servers/waiters were all so nice and brought out our food as soon as it was done with no waiting. When we did wait one of the manager looking employee came to tell us we had one roll almost done and asked if we wanted to order anything else. WHO THE HECK DOES THAT anymore especially in LA, where I'm from. The place is nicely kept and so clean and they have less sodium option for soy sauce :) we are definitely coming back again when we visit Vegas!!!!! The employees make the atmosphere very pleasant and therefore we had THE greatest sushi meal ever!
5	I consider myself a sushi connoisseur . I have ate at every sushi place in Las Vegas . Sumo sushi 2 use to be my spot . That is where I met Jjanga , choo choo and mr. Koo. These guys as a team of chefs make dining for sushi the most fun you will at a sushi bar.  The atmosphere is very welcoming and the staff are awesome . I wish I could give it 10 stars. These guys are like family. The best experience is at the bar and that is where you get to make friends with these guys . They are funny and very entertaining . Let choo choo drink with you . You will see what I mean. The quality you cannot beat and the service is awesome . To all the haters you obviously do not know a good quality fish and eat at some yippidy show boating spots .  When I go I alone will order 60+ nigiri plus rolls + appetizers  and they have never missed anything This place is great for dates , family outings , friend gatherings and any special occasion.    ALL HAIL THE NEW KING OF SUSHI MR . JJANGA!    Keep living the dream bro!
5	I agree with Nikki C. This place kills the competition. No more trial and error hunting for the perfect sushi place. Been to all the popular sushi places in LV, this one takes the rice cake. Fresh food, no warm chewy fish. Try the JJANGA roll and the calamari.
5	I had my birthday dinner here last night. I was in a group of about 17 people and I had made reservations ahead of time. They gave us our own room, so I didn't really get a glimpse of the entire restaurant.The food was absolutely amazing. One of my friends was even able to order only broccoli tempura. The staff was really nice and would come in occasionally to make sure everything was alright. They did forget about one or two of our orders, but they really made up for it all in service. This is definitely my new favorite sushi place!
5	best service I have ever experienced at a restaurant! I would defiantly recommend trying it out
2	Not bad.Fun place.Friendly.I might come back. But the quality of the fish is not that high.I'm suspicious of some of the "one or two review" people" who've posted here.This is the core flaw of the Yelp business model: jamming the reviews for a new restaurant so that they get some heat....Is everything in life a hustle?For AYCE sushi, Yama Sushi is better. For pure sushi: go to Sen of Japan.For spending a lot of money on tiny pieces of fish from exotic locations that in the end don't provide much pleasure, go to Kabuto.
5	Great food and fun atmosphere.I been here two times already and I really like it. My brother (who is a die hard sushi connoisseur) was the one who introduced me to fine place. Overall:The atmosphere is urban and casual. The staff is very friendly and they always make sure that you're being taken cared of (making sure they keep your drinks filled and you ACYE orders are taken and fulfilled). Jjanga has a unique All You Can Eat menu; which rangers from "no rice sushi rolls" to their bacon roll. One of my favorite items is their pumpkin soup; it's super creamy and delicately sweet. Their dessert menu is simple: ice cream and mochi. It's a great place for groups. My older brother had his birthday dinner in their private room and it hosted 20 or so guests. If you're looking for a fun and new sushi joint that's not the typical and cookie cutter go to Jjanga.
4	We picked this spot for lunch without knowing anything about it and we were very happy with the meal.  The sushi was fresh and tasty.  The staff was very pleasant and professional and service was excellent.  The restaurant is clean and cozy inside with separation between tables to reduce the noise.  I am vegan, so I cannot comment on the fish, but the vegetable sushi was perfect and the edamame and rice were great.  They do offer a children's bento box that was well received by my six year old, she would have given it five stars.  I will definitely stop in next time I am in town.
5	What a treat! They have a all you can eat menu that way surpassed my expectations and includes over 100 items. The sushi was masterfully crafted and was light on rice. In fact the rice was nice and thin grain. The price was very low - $20. Amazing staff- 6 stars! Say hi to Hickey and Koo Koo.
4	If you come in not really hungry and you end up eating a lot more than you wanted to then the place has to be good, that's exactly what happened to me.  Let's just skip straight to the food. Going from what I took a picture first: Salmon Skin Handroll and Something Wrong #69 Roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jjanga-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=GB-a9JAvq6PMaqA4MylUbA#GB-a9JAvq6PMaqA4MylUbA Ever since Blue Fin Sushi turned me into a Salmon Skin Handrolls junkie I gotta have it every time I do AYCE sushi, if it's offered. It wasn't that bad; it was missing the crunchiness, but did the spot. The Something Wrong #69 was probably one of my favorite rolls. It's a shrimp tempura roll, which I usually a fan of, topped with spicy soft shell crab, tuna, salmon, white fish, and a spicy garlic ponzu. I devoured everything in that picture on my own. Sorry for not that great of a pic but the real stuff looked and tasted delicious.Oysters - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jjanga-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=GB-a9JAvq6PMaqA4MylUbA#2sMNzctANegqVqvPkGG0lQ It was one of the items you could only order one of.  Honestly I love oysters but because I was only limited to 2 I don't think I had enough to like it too much. I inhaled them and don't remember the flavors.Who's Your Ex-wife and Shrimp Tempura -  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jjanga-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=GB-a9JAvq6PMaqA4MylUbA#wyCtws-hZWHCkw_c3C1EUw Now the Who's Your Ex-wife is my kind of eats. I don't remember what exactly it was but I think it was a stuffed fried jalapeno with fish. I kind of wished I went back for seconds so I could've remember more but I liked it a lot cause it was spicy and delicious. The Shrimp Tempura was not bad just know that 1 order is just 2 pieces not your usual handful else where.Spicy Garlic Edamame - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jjanga-japanese-restaurant-las-vegas?select=GB-a9JAvq6PMaqA4MylUbA#cwzi6JqmNpr2L7IMg3KDlwNo one usually make um like this but I enjoyed them, though I didn't fill myself up on them because I was eating sushi. I'd order um.Now for the other items:Screaming O Sashimi - Why not!? I'm always a fan of the sauce as long as it's not too sweet. It was made right to my liking.Nigiri - Not a great selection but I liked the garlic tuna, hamachi, cajun albacore, and sweet shrimp. Didn't care for the tamago or uni. A lot of the pieces were smaller than I'm use to but it's AYCE so ordering more is fine.Apps - I liked the Golden Scallops and whatever I already mentioned. I ordered and really wanted the baked green mussels, agedashi tofu, and calamari rings but never got them.Rolls - Well there's too many I liked so I'll say that there's an awesome selection of spicy, baked, deep fried, and shrimp tempura rolls. Should there ever be anything else!? Some honorable mentions Burning Your Ass roll, Fat Ass roll, Taste Like My X Girlfriend roll, Stacy Mom roll, Sexy Time roll, never mind I just started being immature.   For those try to cut back on rice there are a few no rice rolls.The customer service was very friendly and brought food out in quickly but struggled keeping track of everyone's order. Jjanga is funny and loud great for kids. Anyways I'm still a fan for mostly everything so I'll be back.
3	Good selection of rolls and sushi, with some cool creative twists. I liked my monkey burrito quite a bit, the unagi donburi was a little over-sauced but tasty. The food was overall pretty decent, but not super high-quality. The all-you-can-eat vs a la carte menu was confusing, but our waiter helped to explain it. He also forgot one of my rolls, and someone kept trying to bring me a roll I hadn't ordered. Overall the staff seemed hurried, and there was quite a bit of shouting. It fit right in with the loud dance music and loud conversations. It was 8pm on a Sunday, but they were pretty busy, and we had to wait 20-30 minutes for a table. Overall, I've had worse, but I've also had better. Okay for a fun group evening, but certainly not a relaxed dinner for two.
5	Amazing atmosphere and very friendly staff! I went with a group of 12 people and they did an acceptional job at keeping up with everyone's orders.  And of course the food was fantastic.  You must try their sushi burritos!
5	Jjanga's Restaurant is the place to goto- they have the freshest and finest sushi and delectable Japanese dishes, mouthwatering and superb in presentation.The wait staff are attentive and service was quick.Jjanga, the owner and one of the sushi chefs , offers the best quality of food-it  was not only excellent, but flavorful and  fulfilled beyond expectation.We are definitely coming back and will always recommend this awesome place to our family and friends.Way to go- Jjanga!!!!
5	It was our second time to visit  Jjanga's, first time we came was because of the recommendation of our son to come here as the first time have a good impression and believed that Jjanga's cuisine reigned supreme in AYCE sushi. The ambiance is casual and trendy with their hanging banner pictures depicting the 4 iron chefs of sushi in their own right! What more can you ask for- being served by courteous staff and the sushi Chef's are fun to deal with- they always smile and are attentive to every order and gives us the freshest and mouthwatering sushi and Japanese cuisine.Love everything about Jjanga- will always patronize and recommend his place it's definitely the bestest in town!!!:)More power, Jjanga- you are the man! To you and your team kudos!
5	Unbelievable! We first met all of these guys when they worked together at Sumo 2. We would go for every special occasion and referred it to everyone. Now that they have moved Sumo 2 has gone completely downhill and so we went to try their new place. A: they remembered our faces as soon as we walked through the door and B: their rolls were out of this world. I thought they were good in the last place but it is nothing compared to what they make now. We will stay loyal to these chefs because they have always taken care of us and make our experiences special! I recommend the fresh men roll and the sexy time roll. We all shared and everything I tried was amazing but these 2 were my favorite because they were new on their menu. I will be taking all of my friends and family there for my birthday since they have tables to accommodate parties. I love those guys and their amazing food!
5	I love this place! Great food, excellent/quick service. My new AYCE hot spot! So glad I tried and best of all they take reservations too!!!Scott always remembers us when we come in every week (sometimes more) and is always making sure that everyone in my party is well taken care of. Jjanga regularly comes out and checks on us as well as prepares special dishes.Thank you Jjanga crew!! We always recommend you to locals and tourists!
5	This place is AMAZING! Not only do they have great food but INCREDIBLE customer service! I made a reservation for 11 people and as soon as we walked in we were seated right away, not all of our party came in at the same time but we were still seated. Some places u have to wait until your party arrives. Food came to our table so quick! They were all very attentive, empty plates were taken as soon as it's cleared, they asked if there's anything we would like to order. This is WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE. Very impressed! Scott remembered us from our previous visit and that's very rare. Price is very reasonable. By far the best AYCE Sushi in town! And I'm very impressed with decor, atmosphere, and they played good upbeat music! Very modern!
4	Pretty good rolls but not satisfied freshness  sashimi . But variety are great and nice deco and fun place .
5	All you can eat sushi! SOOOO good! Even my dad, who is not a huge sushi fan loved it.We cannot wait to go back on our next visit!
5	Found this hidden gem from a friend.  I'm kind of a sushi snob.. but I loved it!  Everything is great. Especially "Fresh men".  Service is excellent.  GREAT SUSHI!
5	Seems like AYCE sushi spots are popping up everywhere in town!Glad to say, JJANGA is above the avg when it comes to FRESH taste and extremely fast service...almost TOO FAST!!I usually start with an order of Sake, Hamachi, and Ahi to test the waters on how fresh/enjoyable my experience will be.  Happy to say that they were offering one of the better cuts in town during my visit.  They are on par with some of the best choices around here IMO!They also offered a couple different options to separate themselves from the competition:I really enjoyed their Yuzu Hamachi.  The hamachi was fresh, and the yuzu was a nice compliment to the fish! Not overpowering like yuzu can be sometimes.Hotategai. The scallops were delicious, and the masago was a nice consistency combination. Hotate Ebi Skewer. The scallop and shrimp were cooked well, and doused in a mayo like sauce. Not bad!Calamari Ring. Good! Fairly tender, with a very soft and flavorful breading with a mellow sauce drizzled on top.My food came out extremely quickly...because I was taking pictures of the food once it arrived, it felt a little overwhelming how fast they were coming out.  Order in SMALLER batches than you are used to when eating sushi!!Have fun :P
5	Awesome. All u can eat sushi for $26 is a very good deal. Love that screaming orgasm.Anything with "Ass" in the name is good. Sake was at the perfect drinking temperature. The servers all had personality and spice.
4	I'm still craving this place and I had it a month ago. I've tried just about every AYCE sushi place in town and this one trumps them all. Just the variations and range of selection alone makes it a top choice. Everything was SO tasty except for maybe one tuna roll that was a little more fishy than I prefer. It didn't have a sauce with it so either the tuna wasn't as fresh as it should be or I'm used to rolls being covered with sauce to mask any fishiness. I always try a roll without dipping in soy or wasabi to taste it as it should be. I can say that all except for that one needed nothing additional, flavorful in their own right. However, their wasabi is fresh and legit. A little goes a long way, not like that genetic weak wasabi crap. Ambiance is comfortable and zen-ish. Service is good, fun, and friendly. I will be back many many times as this is now my AYCE spot! Just writing about it makes me so hungry!!
4	Let see.... I think I had one of each that was on the menu and all I have was awesome, it's a modern sushi joint... I didn't have any rolls but the sushi I had was all fresh, super white tuna, scallop, octopus, sweet shrimp, salmon, hamachi.... Definitely will be back again
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Jjanga has THE BEST All You Can Eat in town!! Sushi is so fresh, so good, and so addicting.. The staff is wondeful and full of personality.. you will laugh the whole time.. Jjanga, himself, is hilarious and loves his repeat customers! Will toast sake with you at any time! Honestly, not a bad item on the menu..
5	Food was great, service was wonderful and prices were reasonable.  At the end of our dinner, the manager told our two boys that they could pick a toy from the toy box.  That was such a nice surprise!  We will definitely come back when we're in town again.
5	This is seriously the best local sushi joint in town! Definitely tops most of the high end sushi restaurants on the strip. Come hungry because you will want to do All-You-Can-Eat to experience the delicious menu.  Be sure to complement your sushi with sake.  My favorite is grape fruit sake.  The staff is always energetic and welcoming.  If you aren't too familiar with the menu, they always have great suggestions.  Bring a group of friends to experience this local jewel and be sure to get your All-You-Can-Eat loyalty punch card.
5	Best place to get AYCE! Their fish is very fresh and delicious. On top of that, their lunch price for AYCE is very cheap for the quality they use! I would definitely recommend to friends and family.
4	$20 for lunch AYCE sushi (mochi ice cream is an extra $2)? Excellent! $26 for dinner (mochi ice cream included).Sushi: freshStaff: very attentivePresentation of food: excellentRestaurant ambience: clean, decorative, and looks newPrice: Excellent!Been to Rainbow sushi, Sushi Goyemon, Sushi Mon...This one I enjoyed the most.  Sushi Loca is still my favorite but it's too far away, so JJANGA is perfect. =)
5	The food is amazing, great flavor & staff is very friendly..... Will definitely recommend to friends and family!!
5	4/12/2014 6pm I have been around the world to a few thousand sushi bars and this one is in the TOP 20. CHOO CHOO is the master of creative sushi... If you want to have a fun night and laugh sit at the sushi bar. If you want to chill out sit at a table. It's all good.. The servers are also on point. P.S. Grape Fruit Sake is something u must try! I will return with my wife and son... I approve this message J K KUHL...
5	Great service, great quality sushi. All you can eat orders - nice piece of fish and a little rice. Just an awesome place. Will come back again!
4	This place was so fun! From the chefs to the managers it is so lively! Almost a place you can call home!! I know that Goyemon is the ultimate sushi spot but this place wins for atmosphere. The sushi is just as amazing and they have some really fun rolls and chefs willing to offer recommendations and create special rolls with the things you like.The ultimate winner of this place..... GARLIC TUNA. Drool, it totally melts in your mouth. Looking forward to my next adventure!
4	This is my new favorite AYCE sushi joint! Even my mom really liked it and she is hard to please when it comes to sushi. The fish tasted fresh, there is a good variety and the service is great. If you get a chance sit in Choo Choo's section he is hilarious! Think the asian guy from The Hangover. I wasn't disappointed by anything I had there, of course I usually stay away from anything fried and with cream cheese but the rolls I had an nigiri were awesome! The Garlic Tuna was good. Ordered the amai ebi and you can ask for the deep fried head. I was in such an sushi eating frenzy that I didn't stop to note what I really loved. I will definetely be back and will have to take note to share next time! They also had a lot of appetizers if that is your preference.
5	Although the food was top notch, what really sets this place apart is the unbelievable service and showmanship of the staff.  If you are looking for a quiet dining experience, this may not be your favorite, but if you have some personality, chefs like choo choo will entertain you and provide you with some of the best sushi in town.  It's a Vegas must!Yellowtail, Tuna, Ex wife, Vegas roll, spring mountain roll....some of my favorites. I also really enjoyed the Bulgogi.
5	We Yelped this restaurant on our way from Zion to Los Angeles stopping in Vegas for a bite to eat. The service was great and the food was delicious. The sushi and tempura as excellent. I also ordered a tasty combo with chicken katsu, spicy chicken and salmon teriyaki. Miso soup was perfect and the green tea was nice. I would certainly recommend this Japanese restaurant to others.
5	Never in my life have I written any sort of review for anything, whether good or bad.However, this place was the BEST sushi I've ever had for the CHEAPEST price I've ever seen Sushi cost. Came here because it was Good Friday, and I DEFINITELY recommend this to any sushi lover. The customer service was amazing, the food was amazing, the food came out VERY quickly, and I will DEFINITELY be coming back here.I just felt like I had to tell someone about how great this place was.
4	This place is pretty good when it comes to the all you can eat (AYCE) deal, a lot of options (maybe too many in fact) and great service (servers are a lot of fun and lively). Maybe a bit pricey for your standard meal outside of the AYCE deal, but for $20 lunch or $26 dinner all you can eat, you really can't go wrong. Overall good quality of fish, but not necessarily superb. On one instance had a plate of Uni that was unpalatable. If you are a sushi snob, you might not enjoy the atmosphere of this joint as it can be haphazard, hectic and loud, which I guess is expected for Vegas. All in all, experiences here have been worthwhile and I'd definitely come back for seconds.
3	so I was out late with my friend and found this place on yelp and the good reviews attracted me. plus I love sushi. the menu was jst a normal AYCE sushi menu. nothing special. same with the food. nothing special. except the last sushi I ordered with the shrimp on top of it, I did not finish it as it tasted like windex or sumtin. you know like if they had cut the shrimp on something that had recently been wiped with some strong chemicals. it smelled like windex too and my friend tasted it and he agreed. he told me to stop eating that. I didnt complain because I was also alredi full and done eating. however, the next day I was sick. idk if it had anything to do with the sushi though. the server was nice btw. idk his name. Oh also he didn't charge us for the leftover shrimp sushi we didnt finish which was good because it was full of some chemical.  I did order sake, good thing they didnt ID us. Honestly idk why it has such good reviews. like I said, nothing special. have been to plenty of better sushi places around here. I wouldn't go bak though because it is far, out of my way, and didn't exactly enjoy my sushi like I usually do.
4	Once again, yelp definitely saved us on another food adventure ! Getting to the place seems pretty sketch and a little hard to find, but trust me that the find is definitely worth it !!!! The restaurant is so modern looking and really nice. I like how they have the paper lanterns placed around the restaurant. I guess you could say the ambiance is really nice (:Went there for the dinner AYCE and I was definitely not disappointed ! Everything was super super super yummy ! I really enjoyed the Spicy Garlic Edamame ! It's a must try bcs it's something different than the usual plain salted ones. Also for appetizers, their seaweed salad is very fresh and yummy (: and I'm so happy they have FRIES ! Bcs I'm a fry addict, although I did not have the chance to taste theirs. & definitely try out their meat appetizer selection bcs it's very tender and juicy ! I love MEAT ! Going into the rolls ! BACON BACON BACON ! It definitely stood out, their bacon roll. I was a little skeptical bcs it said "fruit sauce" but don't be hesitant !!!!! ORDER IT ! It's very light sauce and soooo delicious ! Everything just compliments each other ! It's so perfect, especially for those adventurous people out there. My favorites included the Tuna Naruto ! It's really refreshing ! And does not have that over powering cucumber taste that I know may throw off some guests. And it's also cool how they have sushi burritos !!!! They are very unique to the menu, but it was just like a normal roll. I did enjoy the sauce though.The best part of the night was the EXCELLENT SERVICE ! Definitely top-notch Grade AAAAA++++ service in any sushi restaurant I have ever been to (and I have been to plenty) ! JayJay (or JJ) was the best host there & he even sang to us, which was pretty great and random. Everyone is really friendly and fun ! & most important, well attentive and available when needed ! The only reason for not having 5 stars would be that there are ZERO pics of how their sushi would look like before you order ): it's like a surprise in a box & I had to refer to trusty ol' yelp to give me a sneak preview. And also, I had one roll that the fish was not as fresh as could be & also in my poke salad, one fish piece was not that super fresh either. But I WILL DEFINITELY RETURN ! They have stamp cards & this is probably my top favorite sushi place in Vegas at the moment (: even above the beloved Goyemon and my other fav Yama sushi.*******On my other visits, the service was okay. They always walk pass by us. & it's hard to even get an order in, there's usually a wait on our rolls. They need to sort this out & assign someone to serve each table.
4	Came here for dinner on Sunday and the restaurant was busy.  Jjanga has a lively atmosphere with K-Pop playing throughout the restaurant.  The one thing I can say with total confidence - You will not find another sushi bar in Vegas with better service than Jjanga.  Every server that passes by your table asks if you need anything.  Between each server passing by...there is a busboy who stops by to clear empty dishes or refills drinks.  I was so amazed that I actually counted how many servers stopped by our table within a minutes timespan and I lost track.  The food is good. I found the sushi to be warmer than I would prefer. I don't think they cool down the rice enough.  Their spicy tuna mix was pasty.  I don't think it's freshly chopped per order.  Nigiri fish to rice ratio was really good.  Big pieces of fresh fish.  Definitely worth a visit!
5	Delicious!!! The food was sooo good! We were referred to another ayce sushi place, but after reading reviews that place and food poisoning, we opted for something else. I yelped it and found this place. Food was dished/staged really well, servers were really nice and everything tasted great. They have an extensive ayce menu which can be overwhelming when you first see it, but who can complain about having choices right? We probably could have saved a few bucks and a few calories by opting for a la carte, but it's hard to make that decision when you're super hungry.My advice? If you're not that hungry and usually get full off one roll or even two, go for a la carte. If you can put it down, opt for the ayce. My only gripe is that the kids ayce price is half the price of the adults meal, even though they don't even eat that much! I know it's standard fare, but I say reduce prices for kids!
5	Michele found JJanga one night as we were looking for a place that takes reservations for a big group.  She called a few places and got the runaround.  So, out of the blue she called JJanga and it became our go to place.  We have been here many times and I have yet to have a bum meal.  Service can differ from lunch to dinner but, that is the added human factor with eating out.  But, I would say that service has been pretty solid at night.  Scott, Janga and the rest of the night crew make it, not only a feast, but a good time.  I have never been to a place where the owner comes out and celebrates with his customers.  They treat the young ones incredibly as well.  They bring out a huge treasure chest for them to choose little toys from, a separate menu for those who are picky, and cute little plates to eat from.When you wrap all of this up, you can see why we keep coming back again and again.  The rolls, appetizers,  and desserts are plentiful and tasty.  A few of my favorites are:The FreshmenLion RollPlayboyWO7Crab BallsWe not only found a great restaurant but, a few good friends as well..
4	I arrived just in time for the lunch special bento set.  You get a choice of two items listed and pair that with a bowl of rice and a miso soup or house salad.  I opted for the sashimi (3 pc), tempura and salad.When I asked what is included in the sashimi, the waiter asked the sushi chef (I believe he was the owner).  The sushi chef asked what I liked and catered the sashimi order to my preference and threw in two extra pieces!  He was awesome!  What was even more awesome was the fact that the sashimi was excellent, good quality product.  I was eating as slow as possible to savor the flavors.  The sashimi was so good I got an order of the yuzu yellowtail.  The sushi rice had the right amount of moisture, the yuzu sauce was addictive and green on top added a nice crunch.The tempura portion of the lunch was fine.  The breading was done well and it was not greasy, but I wish there was eggplant tempura.   The house salad was also fine.  The lettuce was fresh and crisp but the salad dressing was just okay.  I believe it was a mix of shredded carrots, mayo/salad cream and ginger.  After all that, the chef spontaneously offered me orange slices for dessert.  It was a nice way to end my meal.  As for service: overall, the sushi chef mentioned earlier is the star of this experience.  The other two servers on the floor were polite and friendly, but one did forget my water for about five minutes.  The part that was most surprising though was the price of my experience.  For five pieces of sashimi, two pieces of hamachi nigiri, bowl of rice, salad and six pieces of tempura:  under $12!   I am definitely a fan and I will definitely be back for the all you can eat!
4	Went here for our trip to vegas after doing some yelping of sushi buffets. Totally worth the price paid for dinner of $26 a person. There is plenty of variety to pick from the menu. I was debating on here or another location as I prefer to not order off a menu but again well worth it. We ordered a variety of nigiri, rolls, and salads. I like the fact that they have a number of rolls that have no rice but the bummer is a bunch of those rolls have tempura in them which I dont like. HOwever, everything else was fresh. They are FAST too. Only downside is the portions are very small in comparison to a regular sushi roll but that's how they portion control i guess. If I go back to Vegas, will def go back to visit.
5	Best sushi in town hands down. Jjanga, Koo Koo, Hickey, and Choo Choo make everything fresh and treat their guests like family. The atmosphere is very cozy and quaint. The food is out of this world. The nigiri is always fresh and the rolls are creative and scrumptious. The must haves are the salmon belly, garlic tuna and classic unagi (fresh water eel). I have been here dozens of times now each time has always lived up to expectations.
5	Jjanga Sushi.. There is nothing bad to say about this place at all. I have been experiencing various sushi spots in town, although there are some good ones, this one just blows all the others out of my catalog for sushi spots. Their food is always, always, always fresh. I have been back there 3-4 times and not once have I had anything that left a bad taste in my mouth. The atmosphere of this place is one you can easily fall in love with. Day or night you are always greeted with friendly smiling faces. The staff takes the time to come up and greet you and get you to your seats right away. Once at your table, it is game on for the AYCE sushi menu. Don't be shy in this place, they want you to try all they have to offer. Once you are here, it is like family... We take our 4 month old in there and she loves it. It is quiet enough that she'll sleep straight through our stay there. A perfectly balanced ambiance. The servers are very friendly and helpful, always making sure you have what you need. The owners are fantastic. They help make your eating experience one to remember. We absolutely LOVE Jjanga sushi.
5	The cities best service, best sushi, and best grapefruit sake!! Been a couple times and haven't been disappointed even one time!!! We love this place!!!!
5	This is the real deal for Sashimi Lovers!!Janga used to be the head chef at Sumo Sushi. He's actually taken his game up one notch.The price for Sashimi is unbeatable; same as all you can eat sushi, but he gives you all you can eat Sashimi!!  They won't stop until you tell them you are full.My son is a regular there and praises the rolls.My Korean Wife, doesn't eat raw fish, but says the cooked dishes here are the best she's enjoyed for a sushi bar.Janga is a good host that aims to please and get you to return to his place.The place is a little tricky to find, but worth it. I seldom give 5 stars for food, but if you love Sushi and Sashimi, this is your place in Las Vegas.
4	I rattled off a long list at my friend for lunch and this caught her attention so off we went with her two little ones in tow. It's a AYCE place, but if you want to go a la carte, I was surprised at how reasonable the prices are. It's cheaper than the average, but the quality is better than the average too! We decided on the AYCE though to be able to try a bunch of stuff. NIGIRI Yellowtail/Yuzu Yellowtail - this was my favorite of the items as the yellowtail was super fresh. The yuzu yellowtail has tomato and onion salsa on top which was pretty good texture. Mackerel - had a solid brine on it and not too salty. They put a dab of cream on it which is different from other places but I liked it. Garlic Tuna - the seasoning was what usually is on cajun albacore/salmon preparations and garlic ponzu. Scallop - these were small scallops mixed with masago. I prefer larger scallop nigiri but this good. Albacore/Cajun Albacore - also very fresh. There really wasn't any bad fish today that I tried. ROLLS I love that they have riceless rolls! They don't do half rolls here so thats the only "bad" thing I can think about. I tried a few pieces of my friends rolls and they were good. Q Roll - wasnt quite a roll but more fish tartare on a slice of cucumber, but the wasabi cream sauce on this was good. Tuna Naruto - Im a sucker for cucumber wrapped rolls as they are refreshing and this was no different. I love my ass- this was my only with rice roll order and the rice ratio was good. APPETIZERS Whos Your X Wife - this is a spicy tuna and cream cheese stuffed jalapeno. Standard, but good.Service was friendly, but there were times that we had long waits. We sat in a booth and while we appreciated the booth dividers for privacy and so her kids wont bother the people next to us , it made it difficult to wave for a waiter since they can't see you. Im going to try to see if dinner and sitting at the sushi bar is a better experience next time.The fresh fish and interesting offerings means I will return.
5	Been to Vegas 8 times or so and this is the best place I've been for any meal here. Fun energetic atmosphere, friendly sometimes goofy service, delicious sushi and a huge variety on the menu for those who don't necessarily want fish.   Great pop music, some American, some Japanese overhead.     Will definitely be back.
5	Our friend made reservations here after our comedy show.. We had our own private room.. Most rooms have karaoke as well. But we chose not to have one.. Staff are so fun and friendly.. Sushi and sashimi were outstanding and delicious.. I want my other friend's and family try out this place.. They just opened 3 months ago.. Our waitress Yuhi and the other guys were on top of our dishes.. Best AYCE sushi in Vegas..
3	Went there the first week they opened late night and the food was pretty good so decided to come again for AYCE which was ok, I probably would not be back the food was ok not as great as I first thought. The place is nicely decorated and got some good music going.
4	I've been looking for a new sushi place and I think this is definitely one that I would come back to.Atmosphere: Pretty dark. One thing I didn't like? Our table was awkwardly really close to the table next to us and it was hard to get in the chairs. Their tables and chairs are different from most places. Service: Very attentive. Waiters and waitresses came up to us constantly and made sure that we had everything we ordered or to check if we wanted to order anything else. Food: The nigiri was pretty good. I really enjoyed the beef and garlic tuna sashimi. We didn't eat too many rollsJanga burrito handroll: It had a little kick in the end of it. I really enjoyed this because it was different from what you see at other placesLion roll: Pretty tasty, but it had a lot more rice than I'm used to so it got me pretty full at the end. Dessert: You can only have one mochi ice cream, but you could always choose one mochi and one ice cream!
4	Another great AYCE sushi spot in Vegas. Went here with my wife for dinner on a Friday night and we were seated in less than 10 minutes ... Good considering Friday is a busy night for most restaurants. The atmosphere is cool, clean, and modern. The service was fast and friendly. Now on to the good stuff: the food. Their menu is extensive and a little overwhelming. We filled up in nigiri which in my opinion had the perfect fish to rice ratio unlike most places where you get a tiny slice if fish over a huge portion of rice. The yuzu yellowtail was awesome .. The citrusy brightness of the yuzu paired well with the fresh hamachi. Other tasty nigiri we had was the garlic and Cajun albacore. Another thing I liked about the menu is they have some rice-less rolls which the wifey really appreciated. The Fresh-men roll was good and wrapped in rice paper and we had another rice-lessroll wrapped in cucumber. They have great appetizers too. The sashimi salads (there are 4-5 on the menu) are limit one per customer but are so good! Dessert is included in AYCE price and you can get 1 scoop of ice cream and 1 mochi. Wish they had better desserts but the quality of the fish makes up for it.
5	Great place! Best service and sushi I've ever had, definitely wasn't expecting this place to be that good. Always had a waiter to refill water or ask if we wanted to order more. Great upbeat type of environment and very friendly. They actually wanted us to keep ordering! Went with my brother before we left Vegas and got the all you can eat. Most rolls there are $8 and special sashimi is $12. Easily ate our money's worth! Definitely will return there whenever I go back to Vegas. They give you an all you can eat punch card too so you're 11th time is free!
5	I'm a local here in Vegas and of all the sushi places I've been to this is the best all around! It's just off the strip which makes their prices incredible!! 25$ all you can eat, rolls for under 5$ and absolutely phenomenal specialty rolls for 8$. I have yet to taste sushi so fresh it melts in your mouth!! MUST try their spring mountain roll, fresh men, and I love my ass roll!!!!!! The first two are riceless but don't let that scare you it has so much flavor!!! The service is over the top especially JJ! We have an amazing time EVERYTIME! Ill never go anywhere else. Definitely a HIDDEN GEM
5	JJ is the best person here!! Always request him!! He's funny, sexy, entertaining, and his right nipple is to die for!!! He keeps us coming back for more and more!! We love Jjanga and JJ
5	Best sushi in Vegas!  Great quality, fish vs rice ratio and not to mention the best chefs in town!!  You won't be disappointed!
5	My new favorite sushi spot!! Food was fresh, customer service was impeccable! I'll be back for sure!!
3	Service was fast. We were really excited and ordered a billion things.. and everything came out within minutes! Waiting for food kills the excitement so the fast service was a major plus for me. Servers came back every now and then to ask us if we wanted to order more, which was great!!AYCE menu has a wide variety of foods! From sushi to bulgogi to salad. I only ordered sushi - it was pretty fresh, but the rice ball was pretty big for an AYCE sushi. But I was most excited about AYCE uni sushi. i LOVE LOVE LOVE uni. Unfortunately, the uni here was disgusting. It was dry, chewy, and dark brown. The flavor was really fishy, slightly sour, and very bitter. We told the server the issue and asked for a replacement order and they gave me another sushi with the dry chewy dark brown uni. I was really disappointed and asked if i can get a fresh one that's not dry and nasty.... and he brushed it off and said "all uni is from the same box". But if you know that box of uni is bad, WHY ARE YOU STILL SERVING IT?? After getting bad uni for the third time, I gave up. I was really disappointed with this place. I don't think I would come back. Definitely wouldn't recommend thids place to uni lovers.
5	It's not quite upper echelon, but I couldn't find faults.Jjanga is a Korean-run AYCE sushi place, as Yelpers and some of my Korean friends concluded. We had a table in a room. Our neighbors were blasting karaoke all night, apparently at $20/hour. Pretty cool.Menu's nice. Appetizers and rolls abound, but there's plenty of good nigiri too. For the appetizers, they will clump all your orders in one bowl, so three orders will look like one big order. Keep that in mind. Screaming orgasm and golden scallop were my favorite apps from the regular menu. Miso pork and salmon kama from the specials board in the lobby were both very good. Hotate ebi skewer and grilled pike mackerel were pretty good. Watch out for the heat in the poki salad if that's not quite your thing.In terms of nigiri, I enjoyed the beef tataki, salmon, super white, yuzu yellowtail, and unagi. Yellowtail and red snapper were decent. The fish were all fresh. Uni wasn't available from the supplier or something, so it wasn't offered. Forgot to ask about the scallop, whoops!Probably went more at the rolls than the nigiri tonight. Superman and monkey burritos are both nice. I really like those soy-wrapped hand rolls since they kinda remind me of a certain food truck, but are much cheaper even if you aren't doing AYCE. The Jjanga special roll was fun. It was a pretty rice-heavy California roll topped with chopped tomato, masago, and orange. I enjoyed the remnants of the roll as a fruit salad afterward.Also managed to try some rice-less rolls. The Q roll was a bunch of stuff on top of a large slice of "Q"-cumber. Good, maybe not great though. The screaming honey was deep fried spicy salmon with screaming orgasm sauce, and I knew that I'd enjoy it.Desserts were pretty basic. Mochi is one per person, but at least the ice creams were AYCE. Red bean ice cream was the best of the bunch. Green tea was almost neon in color, but did contain some green tea flavor. I'd prefer what they bring out at Goyemon. One of my friends was really complimentary about the vanilla flavor. Serviceable given that they're not Goyemon.By the way, there was this ridiculously sweet and pleasant grapefruit cold sake. You should look into that if it's your kinda thing. It might kinda be mine...Overall, a very solid sushi option. Possibly top 5 or 6 (this is good, considering that I've tried a lot of AYCE sushi in Vegas).
5	Every time I come across the newest latest and greatest AYCE sushi spot, I feel like I've cheated on my current "go to" and have to file for divorce. Bye-bye ( _______ ).Enter JJANGA...The Good:Quality of Fish! You'd think you were eating at a hip a la carte sushi joint the way the fish was so fresh.The variety of rolls on the menu were outstanding. I'd say they have 80 different rolls in all. I recommend going with the "non-rice rolls"...it's not filling and each comes with an awesome sauce. I think I tried 4 of them and couldn't even take a picture they were gone so fast. They are on a separate section of the menu.Appetizers were pretty standard, the fried shrimp with crab meat I think they call it "who's your daddy" was good.I told the chef named "Koo-koo" that I loved yellow tail nigiri with sliced jalapeno and lemon and he hooked me up with a fat plate. Perfect.I'm usually needing extra wasabi and ginger at some point in the middle of the meal, but one thing I noticed is that I hardly used any wasabi/soy sauce and ginger throughout the entire meal...it's a credit to how good these rolls are and how well the sauce compliments them. They also have a Caucasian guy helping to serve the tables and help expedite along with the Asian servers which I thought was smart.Water was always refilled and ESPN played muted behind the bar. I really can't find anything to dislike about this place. Even the Iron chef style giant posters of each chef working behind the bar were in good taste.When they said, "Thanks, see you tomorrow"...I actually kind of thought about it.Bravo JJANGA, well done.
5	Great sushi for the all you can eat price!   Nice people and ambience!  Surprisingly fresh for an all you can eat place in las Vegas.   $26 for dinner,  not bad!
2	After seeing so many people go to this place and mention how good it is, decided to go try it out with my family.Korean owned japanese restaurant, located in an EH area of town. Not the nicest area lol... Decor, gotta give it to them. Overall i think it looks pretty nice. Lots of wooden fencing accents and along the walls. AYCE (All-you-can-eat) sushi is $20.95 for lunch (1130A - 300P) and $25.95 for dinner (300P - 200A). Also mentions about having an "ordering time limited to 45 minutes for lunch, and 1 hour for dinner. dining time is not limited". This doesn't really make sense to me but its never really enforced anyway. As always, order a sample of nigiri to test, and order more if good ! so this is what i ordered XD (not at the same time, over course of dinner) A mention of the rice. I'm not the pickiest but im not the kind of person that will say everything and anything is good. I do have a favorite place in terms for rice used in sushi. Rice is a compliment to the fish that it is paired with. Both have to be good in quality for a good experience. One can not be good without the other. This rice. Not much flavored. Breaks apart. Mushy. If i had to rate just the rice? 1 out of 5. Tuna (Maguro) - dark red. mushy. little to no flavor. doesn't seem really fresh either. cant sense any metallic taste to the fish either Yellowtail (Hamachi) - nice pinkish color. sweet. Red Snapper (Izumidai) - nice color. good texture. Halibut (Hirame) - not really fresh. no "bite" Salmon (sake) - probably one of the better items of the nigiri list. tastes fatty and fresh. too bad rice was bad. otherwise would have been good. Smoked Salmon - the most awkward one (ordered by cousin). not like any of the usual smoked salmon i've had before. Thick slice. slightly lighter and firmer than a normal salmon piece. you can smell the smoked aroma fairly quickly. taste was a bit salty but expected for a smoked salmon. Fresh Water Eel (Unagi) - not bad. the eel was a little cold. not sure if it's because of sitting on table or what. eel texture was mid mushy mid firm. sauce was normal. sweet. Salmon Egg (Ikura) - "fishy popping boba" as what my cousin called it. had its usual salty flavor but may not be fresh either. had a "fishy" taste. Egg (Tamago) - surprisingly, this was nicely made. Thick cut piece. presentation was a bit non-traditional. imagine the size of a fish nigiri cut. folded in half. and cut mid way to make a pyramid over a small ball of rice. not only did it not hold the rice, it was a bit weird (presentation wise). taste wise, it was good. nice and sweet. Sweet Shrimp (Amaebi) - Not really sweet. Small shrimp as well. Not exactly sure if its even real amaebi. A tip had mentioned it is not real amaebi. more like regular shrimp marinated in a sweet sauce. Beef Tataki - worst one of all. Not saying the way it is done is bad. but the quality of the beef was bad. almost all the beef had a fairly big chewy piece that made it seem like you just ate a piece of beef chewing gum. beef wasnt seasoned either. so quite plain in taste overall. Kake Udon - small bowl of udon in a kake (light broth made with laver, bonito flakes, soy sauce). udon was cooked pretty good. still a good "bite". not overcooked. Good way to stuff yourself cuz there wasnt much other items that caught my attention Appetizers ! Baked Green Mussel - not sure what sauce they used. some sweet sauce mixed with the japanese mayo.... mussel was warm at best. mussel was in whole pieces. not cut in half. Shrimp Tempura - also one of the better items of the meal. nicely breaded and fried. nice light golden color. crispy and hot. Golden Scallop - deep fried to a light brown color. overcooked (for my preference) in terms of scallop. even the center was fully cooked. at least its a real scallop. Grilled Mackerel (Rec' by Michael K) - overgrilled. meat was a bit dry. as expected from mackerel, lots of small bones. not skilled to eat it fast XD Salmon Skin Handroll w/ Fresh Salmon (Rec' by Michael K) - also one of the better items of the meal. Fairly stuffed hand roll with crispy fried salmon skin, but also cuts of fresh salmon pieces as well. Good recommendation ! Spider (soft shell crab, crab, avocado, cucumber, gobo w/ eel sauce) - Soft shell crab was a bit cold. Not sure if the crab was fried before hand or what not. Didn't notice the gobo in the roll. Burning Your Ass (spicy soft shell crab, tuna, cucumber, crab, spicy tuna, spicy kiss sauce, mustard sauce, jalapeno, sriracha on top) - to be honest, i did NOT notice there was soft shell crab in this. yeah there was sriracha and jalepeno on it. and spicy tuna, but eh... its no where near burning MY ass XD Overall experience, eh. Service was good. Tea is $1. Food was not up to what people have said. Most likely won't come back again.
4	JJANG JJANGA!Man, this place takes me back to when it used to be Shobu and back to when I had my summer job serving drunk people and cleaning vomit off the toilet in the women's restroom... Ahhh nostalgia! LOL back then it used to be owned by Geisha House and now it has been taken over by JJanga and his cousin! We've been here twice now and most everything has been delicious,, some fish fresher than others but the 2 standouts for me are the ama ebi & the yuzu yellowtail... mmmmM! In addition to nigiri they have lots of rolls, rice-less rolls and appetizers.. Service is hit or miss... Some of the servers are awesome and some (mostly the females) get super stressed out when it's busy but I can understand that! Even on a busy night the food comes out at a good pace...I've never had to wait for a table and they are like a dollar cheaper than Goyemon ;) plus they also have karaoke rooms here! HOT TIP: Get a stamp card!!!!!!! And sit at the sushi bar!
5	"WHO SAYS SUSHI? I SAY SUSHI, LET'S GO GET SOME SUSHI"5STARS, this place is tucked away on the side of Grn Valley Grocery on Decatur/Twain.  Please do not be frightened by the surrounding location, ok so it's a little hood but if you are driving along that area of town you already know this.We went in w/ a game plan (don't drink a lot of water, don't over do it on the appetizers, and no need to rush and stuff you face 'despite how good it may be' PACE OURSELVES)EPIC FAIL: it was so GOOD, that I could not stop. We started off w/ spicy garlic endamame, shrimp tempura and seaweed salad.SEAWEED SALAD: fresh, nice crunch, it is not soggy and oversaturated w/ dressing.  You have the pleasure of enjoying both the crunchy-ness of the seaweed and the sweet/tangy-ness of the dressing.I'm not big on cream cheese and sushi rolls but the FAT ASS: a mixture of tuna, salmon, tuna w/ cream cheese and a mayo sauce. oh yea, and its DEEP FRIED.  The cream cheese is not the STAR of the roll, I find that rolls w/ cream cheese tend to be heavy w/ cream cheese.  This was not, the variety of fish that this roll is made of is the STAR.Other rolls we tried:Crazy ASSJoe SpecialTiger RollCrunch RollI Love My ASSXXXok, so I'm fascinated w/ A$$, these rolls are so good though, ijs.  I want to say that they have almost close to 100 rolls on the menu, the even have SUSHI BURRITOS (which I will try on my next visit)All in All I'm hooked on this place, no not because it's walking distance from the house (it's a (+) that is walking distance) but it is AWESOME quality fish being served.Very nice atmosphere, the restaurant is lighted and clean. (you're not sitting in the dim lighted room, trying to make out what placed in front of you.  The staff is Amazing and so nice, don't let the outside appearance detour you from enjoying GREAT sushi inside.
5	What more can I say. Service is great as always. Koo did a great job today rolling.  All food ordered came out fast and tasty. I just need to remember not to over spice it. Beer and shoju tasted yummy before 1pm.
2	I gave away our card with 4 stamps at the end of the meal.  THAT'S how sure our group was that none of us would ever return.  This isn't sushi in the Japanese sense.  These are crazy freakin rolls/inventions that contain some raw fish in, on or around them.  Calling this Japanese is very misleading.  The typical roll on the menu sounds like this:"Tastes and smells like your bitchy ex-mother in law's 1st semester college sophomore roommate who did the whole lacrosse team on a dare and got Hepatitis C roll:  Baked inside out roll stuffed with eel, cream cheese, bbq sauce, avocado, super super super white tuna, chopped yellowtail and spicy tuna, shishito peppers, scallop, garlic and salmon on top with orgasm, yum yum, and fuck me in the ass sauce on the side."As you can see, they used the whole "I Love Sushi" concept and took it way over the top.  This could be a potentially fun dinner (as many Yelp reviews can attest) trying all the insanity but there were enough misses to warrant my negativity.  It wasn't fun, but it sure was funny.  - Sushi rice was off.  Slimy?  Low quality?  I don't know for sure since there was a lot of sauce.  I see a lot of reviews raving about sashimi though.  -Speaking of sauce...what's up with drenching sauce all over nigiri?  Several pieces of nigiri came with sauce on top as a default.  We actually had to request it without.  Freshness of the fish was ok.  None of us died afterwards.  -Pretty sure that was shrimp cocktail drenched in a soy sauce base and topped with scallion advertised as amaebi. -1 order of green tea was not green but it might have been due to the lipstick contamination on the side of the cup.  The liquid was a very, very light brown.  The server claimed it was green tea despite my protest.  Magically, the next cup of tea was suddenly very green.  So that's where Dirk Arthur has been performing all this time!!- I didn't know uni came in so many colors.  The most suspect pieces were left on the plate.  The server didn't even question it.  She just took them away like she knew.- My native Japanese dinnermates found the tamago presentation to be hilarious.  A tamago house!At least the unagi was good.  Congratulations on well cooked eel!  Have a good life.
4	Best all you can eat sushi I've had in a long while! Atmosphere is great- I don't think it's divey at all. Service was super friendly and the food quality was high. Definitely going back for more!
1	I took my parents from Japan while they were here.  We wanted to send almost EVERYTHING back.  This place is a big EEWWW!!!  This is the first time I left AYCE sushi restaurant hungry and the first time I didn't finish my favorite Amaebi.My recommendation is not to get sushi, not to get miso soup, not to get green tea.  What should you get?  Mochi ice cream!The service was good though.
5	this sushi place is one of hot new sushi restaurant in chinatown!!! if you're a sushi lover, you should try this place!!i'll promise you! you'll love this place!never seen any other sushi place offers like this place!!usually, lot of ayce sushi restaurants are like they give you so much of rice and thin sashimi so you can be full after couple of dishes but this place...i was really surprise!! i even said damn...look at this art!!lol seriously!! it's not about making people full fast..it's for the people who enjoys the food,environment and energy.all the staff and sushimans are really friendly and kind..they don't care if you stay there longer and keep eating as long as you enjoy..they're really great!!!! they think about the customer first then their profit i guess loli love this place!
1	I was both curious and hungry when I visited this place. It seems that lots of folks love to eat here. What a disappointment!! I left both hungry and convinced that I will not return.I'm never a fan of Americanized sushi rolls and its creations, but I could still chow them down when I'm hungry as long as rest of the a la cart menu and the appetizer menu are OK.... Sorry.. the rolls are blend and the rest of the non-sushi stuffs are soooo... bad. I'm not returning.Service was pretty good though...
3	I want to start this review by asking you to do an experiment.   Naturally you're probably too lazy or disinterested to do it but hopefully my point will get across either way.   Do a search for "Sushi" on Yelp and look at the results.   Go pages deep.  Nearly all of them garnering 3.5-5 stars.  Wow, Vegas sure does have a lot of AMAZING Sushi restaurants doesn't it?   Either that or there are a lot of people who love Sushi no matter where they get it and generally have a very pleasant experience each and every time they have it.  Having talked to several friends and co-workers in which I believe this is the case, I've decided to implement a rule by which I will no longer go by high Yelp ratings for Sushi restaurants.   I get it, Sushi is delicious, but when I see a 4 and a half star average on a place I expect it to be unique in some sense and not simply another standard AYCE Sushi option, which is exactly how I found JJANGA to be.This is by no means my way of saying JJANGA was bad.  Far from it   I went here for a co-worker's "going away" party, and we sat at the Sushi Bar.   Ricky was our sushi chef, and even though he was admittedly slow to start (it took a while before our sushi orders started landing in front of us), he was very pleasant and made our dining experience a fun one.   I wasn't extremely impressed with the Sushi, but I also wasn't disappointed.   JJANGA's AYCE menu reminded me most of "I Love Sushi"'s, with several sharing the same name.   Ricky confirmed that either some of the chefs or the owners came from "I Love Sushi".   Now I can go either way on Sushi:  on the one hand I like eating Nigiri where the freshness of the fish is going to really stand out, and on the other I also don't mind eating insane concoctions that are the specialty at places like this where fish plays second fiddle the the other components and sauces.   So we had our share of Nigiri and on the other side, rolls like "Sexy Time" and "I love my ass",   Everything was fine, but nothing really stood out to me as a reason to choose JJANGA over any other Sushi restaurant in town.   Okay I take that back, I decided I simply had to try to "Bacon Roll" because curiosity got the best of me.   I actually found it to be delicious as it tasted exactly as you or I would expect it to.  I do love saying the name of the restaurant though, which almost had me bump it up to a 4.   But then the entire point from the first paragraph would sort of be moot.
4	One of the best place to eat AYCE sushi in town. Try their burritos!
5	Our first night in Vegas left us wanting to wander off of the strip to get our grub on.  We were craving sushi and saw so many mixed reviews around the area, but decided to take a chance on Jjanga and I am glad we did!THE MOOD:Jjanga is located a little further down from Chinatown in a small plaza.  It seems like the only happening place in this plaza is Jjanga - all the other stores are in dire need of customers.  Imagine the $$ they could be making if they were located right in Chinatown!  The decor inside looks modern/Asian.  There is a bar where you can sit with the enthusiastic sushi chefs.  Patrons who come and sit at the bar are warmly greeted by the chefs.  If you opt for sitting in the dining area, you will have plenty of space between your table and the one next to you.THE FOOD:Andrew D. and I decided to go for the dinner AYCE for the $25.95 per person.  I especially loved the appetizer dishes since each one that was brought out was unique and each was packed with flavor!What we ordered:- Garlic Tuna (Delicious and packed with strong garlic flavor! I loved!)- Salmon Egg - Sea Urchin (This was melt in your mouth goodness)- Sweet Shrimp (Big pieces of tasty succulent shrimp)- Seaweed salad (I'm a lover of seaweed salad and this was so delicious I had to order 2)- Baby Octopus (They come in 3 and are crispy, tasty!)- Golden scallop (These also came in 3.  These are marked off on the menu in red to show that you are only allowed 1 order of these per person - and for good reason! They were delicious!)- Mini Beef Steak (These came in 4 pieces - the beef was super tender and dripping with lovely juices)- Jjanga Burrito (This is not really a burrito, but rather a handroll - the tempura was a nice crunchy complement to the rice, crab, and shrimp)- Salmon Skin Roll- Washington Roll- Jjanga Special Roll (This was a surprisingly refreshing dish.  I loved the crisp of the chopped tomato with the special chef sauce - they were so fun to eat and this is perfect for the hot weather!)- Spider Roll (The soft shell crab was absolutely delicious - the roll was made to perfection!)- Q Roll (Jjanga have sushi rolls without rice - good for those who are counting those carbs/calories - very refreshing!)- Green Tea Ice Cream (I want to say that this is probably the best green tea ice cream I've tasted! I loved how each bite was delicious, milky, green tea goodness).- Strawberry Ice Cream (You are only allowed to order 1 per customer and it was delicious! Get at least one to try!)THE 'TUDE:If you thought the list above was a lot of food, you are right!! lol.  Andrew D. and I eat like champs and we love good sushi!  The waiters did not miss a beat in stopping by our table to refill our drinks and pick up our empty plates as we efficiently chomped through each dish.  Our waitress also kept checking in on us to see if we wanted to order more or needed anything else.OVERALL:Jjanga is doing sushi right, but most importantly, they are doing customer service right!!  I loved my time here and would come back again!
5	Fantastic experience. We opted to order off the menu rather than do the all you can eat sushi price, and let me tell you, we ate a lot of sushi for less than the all you can eat price. Delicious with fun rolls like Stacy Mom and Taste Like my Ex Girlfriend. There is also a little treasure chest for kiddos to pick a toy.We'll be back.
4	We were hung over and really hungry so we decided to hit up Jjanga because of the yelp reviews. We weren't expecting much especially considering most ayce sushi places use poor quality fish and pack in the rice so hard that its like you are eating a rock, but Jjanga ended up pleasantly surprising us.We ended up trying a lot of the nigiri and rolls and there were definitely some ups and downs, but I would mainly say ups. One thing to note when coming here, don't expect something more traditional like what you get at Kabuto, but that's one thing I do like about Jjanga that they have some fun rolls and the iron chef banners of the chefs on the back :)Garlic Tuna - I liked this one because it had garlic, some spice, and a decent fish on top.Cajun Albacore - I wasn't a fan of this particular dish, I didn't feel that the flavors went well together.Salmon - The fish was decent, but definitely not as good as the salmon I get in Seattle.Three Some - This was by far our favorite, really enjoyed the flavors and how can you go wrong with deep fried cream cheese :pGyoza - Its a standard gyoza lol.Bulgogi - I was surprised I liked the bulgogi here since I am very very picky and typically only like my home made bulgogi.Chicken Wings - These were tempura fried chicken wings, they were surprisingly good but very hot when you first get them, like burn your mouth and continue burning your face as the oil drips down as you're screaming and trying to get a napkin to wipe it -_-We got plenty more, but I don't remember the exact names of the other rolls. Another thing I really appreciated was that they put a normal amount of rice for the nigiri, unlike other ayce I have been to where they progressively put more and more rice as you order. For an ayce we felt that the quality was very good and even better then some of the a la carte sushi restaurants we have been to. And to top it off the service was also good. I would definitely come back the next time I am in Vegas.
5	I wish we have one of those in the bay area. My bf is a huge fan of Sushi. This place gives you decent amount of fish for each sushi you order. And according to my bf, their fish is very fresh. Service is very efficient. Only bad thing is that we were too sleepy to eat much. How can you go eat AYCE with sleepy stomach?I will definitely be back the next time I visit Vegas.
4	I'm not sure what more someone can want from a sushi restaurant. I say that because there is such an extreme love and hate if you go through the reviews. The impression I get is that some people think this place is really a Japanese (from Japan) restaurant because it says "Japanese restaurant" outside. They should know better considering their knowledge of the sushi landscape in Vegas and their obvious, undisputed expertise in all things sushi.With that out of the way, I think I have a to-go spot for sushi. I've been here 3 times in 5 days. 2 of those times were just grabbing some things to go, but still. Why?- They're open til 2am!- The place is nice and clean.- The prices are absurdly cheap. Seriously. If you come here and get AYCE I hope you are a big, big eater. You'd have to get 8 regular rolls ($3/ea) to match the AYCE price of around $25. And they're not exactly skimping. They're normal sized rolls. Mind you, these are the "single main ingredient" ones like a tuna roll or California roll. Still. I dare you to find cheaper especially while maintaining any reasonable quality. Even the fancy, dressed up rolls are $8. Anywhere else you'd be talking $11-18.- Service is quick and friendly.- Presentation on the items above $3 is nice.- Quality is good. Not the best I've ever had ever, but as good as any other place I'd ever want to go around town. The price is not reflected here.- There are unique offerings on the menu like these soy paper wrapped "burritos" and "no rice" rolls. Big plus for people cutting on carbs.Downsides?- The price is sometimes reflected in the thickness of certain sliced fish (sashimi style plates). They're thin as can be, but only sometimes.On a side note, there are definitely Korean flavors in things like the spicy crab or the burritos. I like it.Some items of note:- The garlic tuna is great. It is covered in an intense garlic flavor which I joking requested more of - and got in a bowl.- The burritos are really good. I'm a fan of the "superman."- The soju has a light citrus flavor in it. It's quite tasty. I don't even know what it's called - it's a secret!Anyway, I'm sure I'll be back in soon enough for another late night sushi snack. It's just too easy of a choice.
5	This is hands down my favorite sushi restaurant. I've only been there twice because it's a little bit further than I like to drive for food but if I'm in the area, planning a special night or have friends in town, I'm there. Every time that I've been there the food was excellent and the service was impeccable.
5	This place already has raving reviews what more can I say?! Great price, great service and great food. The yuzu yellowtail in particular impressed me the most. Oh and the fish to rice ratio was perfect too!
5	Very good sushi! The servers and manager are really attentive. We don't normally do AyCE but this place is definitely worth trying! Especially because they have so many rolls without rice. They are really tasty and you don't feel full as easily.
5	Jjanga and his crew are the SUSHI BOMB!!!!    If you're like us and picky about your sushi then this is the place for you!!!  The atmosphere is always lively and fun!  Jjanga and Scott are always on patrol to make sure your experience is the best it can be!  When you go make sure to get a Sushi Bomb,  and a Choo Choo special.   Jjanga has figured out the right combination of food and atmosphere!  This is the only place to go in town for sushi!
5	I just ate here today and the food was delicious. The service was really good- we only had to wait maybe 10 minutes before the food was served. Overall, I give this restaurant 5 stars because of the great service and amazing sushi. I will definitely come back here for more!
4	Another for my Vegas AYCE asian buffet lists.This restaurant had the best sushi that I have had in Vegas yet.  And let me specify that I personally do not do rolls, just nigiri sushi and this is the best AYCE nigiri in Vegas.When I say that I mean that the sushi comes out perfectly seasoned and there is no  need to ad soy or wasabi, unless it is a matter of preference.This restaurant came very close to being my first five star restaurant but the kitchen items were only mediocre.  The tempura was a little greasy and undercooked, but I was really there for the sushi and it was EXCELLENT.  They were very busy but the waitresses still tried to be attentive.  They laughed because I ordered damn near everything on the menu.  I'm sleepy. G'nite!
5	I really like this place! I'm a big sushi/roll head and I figured I could give this place a chance. The decor has a really nice dark earthy and urban-y feel to it. There's always this guy dressed up in a button down and glasses that's so... eccentric. He's an energetic Korean man (lol). The chefs are really sweet as well! The only thing I wish they would do is half rolls so it's easier to sample the menu and not feel like a beached whale later on...
5	This place is our favorite sushi AYCE restaurant in LV. The service is fantastic with the manager leading the charge. Everyone is friendly and eager to offer suggestions from the extensive menu. Some places almost make you feel guilty about ordering a lot of sushi, but JJanga is different. You feel like they want you to try as many rolls as possible and don't rush you on ordering. If anything the manager brought us extra desert and some items like a pork dish that wasn't even on the menu. We will definitely come back!
1	We love eating here, but please make sure to take a good, long look at your bill before you pay!! We have been charged the dinner price during lunch time on two occasions now! The first time we did not realize and left wondering why our bill was so big. Yesterday we finally caught on. Really disappointed to see that they did that to us. We left feeling a bit betrayed. But regardless, we love the food here. We'll just have to be extra cautious next time we come back!It saddens me to leave such a negative review after all the times we've been here, but I just don't want the same thing happening to other customers. The service is decent. The first couple times we were here, our orders took a really long time to get to us, but the most recent times we've been the service has been great! The waitress actually recognizes that we're there almost every week! That's why I feel so betrayed because being regulars, I didn't think she could charge us like that, TWICE, and not expect us to catch on... Especially ME because I, myself, am a server.
3	They had some tasty rolls and not so good ones. I personally didn't enjoy the fact that their appetizers had funky names with no explanation of what it actually was. I had something ex girlfriend and the only reason I ordered it was because a fellow yelper posted a pic and it looked good (it was good). The service was great even tho we had 5 servers, makes you feel bad that you can't tip them evenly.
4	AYCE Lunch $20.95 (11:30am - 3pm) timed 45 minAYCE Dinner $25.95 (3pm - 2am) timed 1 hrThis place has delicious poke! That's probably my favorite thing here. Just note that each kind was 1 order per person. I ordered one of each! Also, the nigiri were petite, the fish slices were itty bitty - It helps if you want to try different nigiri and not get full too quick. Make sure to ask them the size of each roll or dish -some rolls are pretty large (8 pieces) and some rolls are smaller (they don't do half rolls here.) We passed on ordering rolls altogether because they were too big. Note that some of the special dishes are also fairly large like the grilled pike mackerel, so just be sure to ask. There were items that we ordered that were amazing and some items that were not so great. I'll explain... The good: - Salmon nigiri (sake) - fresh and sweet- Halibut nigiri (hirame) - the texture was rather firm but tasted fresh - Yellowtail nigiri (hamachi) - it tasted fresh, sweet and had a great tender texture - Yuzu yellowtail nigiri - yellowtail topped with yuzu sauce was refreshing- Sweet egg nigiri (tamago) - it was enjoyable and does not have too much rice- Sea urchin nigiri (uni) (1 order per guest) - super fresh and perfect- Sweet shrimp nigiri (ama ebi) (1 order per guest) - the shrimp was a nice size and was fresh and sweet - Baked green mussels - they make a really good baked mussel here! Jumbo mussels with delicious mayo and eel sauce. - Who's your ex-wife - fried jalapeno with tuna, mayo and eel sauce. Super addicting! - Sashimi salad (special sashimi section) - refreshing and flavorful - Mixed karai (special sashimi section) - dry spice poke marinade.  It was super tasty- Poke salad (special sashimi section) - loved the fresh flavors of this one. Very addicting The Bad: - Who's your daddy - tempura fried spicy tuna. It was dense and we didn't enjoy the texture of this one. - Golden scallop - its a fried scallop and was dry, boring, and bland. - Mini beef steak - 3 small bits of beef so the waiter recommended we get 2 orders. It was completly overcooked, dry and hard as a rock. It had weak flavor and lacking all sorts of seasoning. - Monkey burrito (in the special hand roll section)  - small shrimp tempura, a very thin layer of spicy tuna, immitation crab, avocado, radish all wrapped in soy paper and spicy mayo and eel sauce on the side. It was pretty big and filling. The filling was thin and boring. - Screaming orgasm (special sashimi section) - it really didn't have much flavor and the fish was paper thin. The service from start to finish was top notch. All of the servers were friendly and quick to help us with anything we needed. The restaurant was clean and modern. We thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance. Although, either their AC was broken that day, or they just didn't turn it on,  it was pretty warm inside. P.s. Make sure to check out the cool banners of the chefs at the sushi bar, they totally remind us of iron chef!
3	Decent sushi but small portions. Good variety of rolls. Hole in the wall. I would return.
5	Love this place.  One of the best AYCE sushi places I've been to.  The sushi staff and chefs go out of their way to prepare the dishes.  Fish is fresh and the plates are well executed.  Staff is extremely attentive and quick. Will be back every time I'm in Vegas.  Thanks JJ your the excellent customer care!!!!
4	The place has good food and very good service. In most other sushi places the restaurants do not have as many servers walking around asking if people would like to order anything else. I like the fact that servers are not assigned to specific tables and can help anyone. This can be a drawback for the servers because lazy servers can leech off the good ones when tips are pooled, but everyone at the restaurant was friendly and eager to take another order from us. The price for all you can eat sushi is comparable to other restaurants.
5	This place is awesome, the customer service and the food! The chefs and servers are really really nice and the chefs do an amazing job! Come to the sushi bars for the awesome experience!!!
4	I was looking for a sushi buffet and I came across Jjanga. Reviews and pictures looked good so we made the trek out here. It's not too far from the strip if you have a car. It's located in a janky plaza, but the inside is decorated like a fancy establishment - the kind that you would find on the strip. Jazzy atmosphere here and the service is excellent. The manager greeted us and would walk around to make sure everything was running smoothly. We did have a dedicated waitress but everyone pitched in to make sure our drinks were filled and our table was never bare. Great service! Dinner was $25.95 per person. The sushi was pretty fresh and the chefs are creative. Here are some of my favorites:+ Crazy Ass+ Monkey Burrito+ Jackpot Special+ Nigiri!! I can't believe they had uni on their AYCE! Wow~ My only issue for it not being 5 star is that when we asked them to recommend stuff they recommended stuff we ended up not liking. They recommended the Jjanga Special, and the Something Wrong #69. When my hubs tried the first piece he was like "something's wrong" and almost spit out his food. So I would be careful about taking their recommendations. For most of the meal I stuck to just getting nigiri. We also tried their mochi and ice cream. Not sure where they're getting their ice cream. It tasted slightly different. Not bad, just different.
5	It's impressive. How do they know what my x girlfriend tastes like?  We are die hard sushi lovers. We are picky and expect excellence. This measured up. Excellent service, excellent fish quality and fast service. We will be back! Truly excellent. And the double D(name of roll) is certainly a mouth full! The Tastes Like My X Girlfriend roll rocks. Great place. We are way over $26 each in sushi we ate. Awesome!!Thank you Jjanga crew, you deserved the five star and I can see why they hold a 4.5 on Yelp!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE :) Great Staff, fun energy Awesome Sushi!!... Mr. CHOO CHOO is Awesome he's so Funny!!! A big plus is they have a treasure chest with goodies and toys for your lil ones to pick after their meal :)
5	Simply awesome! Many items on menu with no rice for the diet concious. Will be back:)
5	Everyone who left less than 5 stars should be summarily executed. This was easily the best sushi we have ever had--regardless of price. On that latter point, the AYCE is incredibly inexpensive for what you get. If you're in Vegas, don't pass this up. And if you do, reread the first sentence of this review. Thanks.
5	To quote a previous reviewer, "I recommend everything." Best sushi I have ever had. Also best service. And also, JJ is hot.
5	My sister and I are always skeptical about sushi places but this was one of the only ones open on Sunday and had great reviews. This place was awesome!! Food was delicious, staff was attentive, sushi chiefs were entertaining, and the price was great!!! We have now found our go-to sushi place in Vegas... Highly recommend.
5	The all you can eat sushi is a great deal for only $25.95!!The sushi here is amazing!!   I think I posted about 7-10 pictures of some of the different items we ordered off the all you can eat selection. There wasn't anything I tried that I thought was not good. I just preferred some favors over others. I would and will come here again...and again. I will also bring friends from out of town visiting and requesting sushi, because this will impress even the most die hard sushi eaters!
5	Jjanga never fails to take care of us whenever we come here! I love it!!! We are always greeted warmly -- the way you greet family that you haven't seen in awhile. Food is always sexy and amazing!!! Today's special, they have the "Salmon Skin Salad".. So good!!!Of course, JihWan is always so engaging and such a ball of energy! He just adds to the experience.Our server/s are always quick and attentive..Overall dining experience is always great! And these are the reasons we keep coming back to Jjanga Sushi!
2	I'm not an avid sushi eater, sushi is sushi to me and sushi everywhere seems over priced for what it is. This sushi seemed good and fresh to me, they lost stars due to horrendous and irritating service. Coke products are a big plus, tho they are served in Pepsi cups? I would come back without a doubt, but again, I eat sushi maybe twice a year.
1	The food was ok but the service was horrible! We went there for the All-you-can-eat, we got seated promptly but our server barely talked to us. As we were ordering he would just jot it down not say a word and walk away. Other people kept coming to take our empty plates away but no one ever asked how we were doing or if we needed anything else. We were obviously ready for round two as we sat there staring at them as they passed by and ignored us for about 5 mins, finally I decided to flag our server down so we can order more. He stood there and jotted our order again, never once did he apologize or smile. Best advice i can give here is hire someone with somewhat of a personality because the robot of a person that helped us was just horrible. I feel bad for writing this review but I think customer service is the key to the success of all businesses.
5	Came here on the recommendation of a friend and were not disappointed - we waited longer for our check than we did for any of our sushi rolls because our rolls seemed like they took 30 seconds! Great food, fast service, and awesome pricing. The nigiri rolls were especially reasonable. We found our new sushi place!
2	An AYCE sushi restaurant for those who don't like sushi.  Jjanga is about sushi drowned (literally sitting in a puddle)  with sauces that mask  the taste of the seafood.Typical AYCE quality; previously frozen, gassed and thawed fish and color added fish eggs atop mediocre quality, sticky, seasoned, over compacted short grain rice.  The nigiri rundown:  Maguro, hamachi, and salmon previously frozen, tako rubbery (not tenderized prior to cooking), the amaebi previously frozen, sticky, ammoniated taste, beef tataki tough, tamago over cooked.Appetizers are in line with other AYCE joints.  Bought in gyoza and shumai, mayo coated baked mussels, overcooked but flavorful scallop and shrimp skewers, OK teriyaki chicken drowned in cold sauce, chewy steak, overcooked but well seasoned grilled mackerel, and the ubiquitous elongated shrimp tempura (shrimp split lengthwise, heavily coated and fried crisp).Vegas style rolls are a disaster.  The "dragon roll" (Cali roll with a liquid mayo filling topped by rubbery eel and drowned in a cloyingly sweet, sticky, soy concoction) and the "Jack Pot Special" (Oily shrimp tempura, crab and cucumber surrounded by oil soaked rice topped with spicy crab, shrimp avocado, tempura cast offs and eel with a watered down spicy mayo spooned over all are enough to stop you from trying more.Fun ambiance.  Fast service at the sushi bar.  $20.95 lunch, $25.95 dinner.  There is a time limit for ordering.  It was not enforced on two visits.Falling below the pack of AYCE options in Vegas but an option if quantity is all that matters.
5	We stopped here on a Monday around 4 p.m. We opted to sit at the sushi bar, which was a wise decision. The sushi chefs were friendly and fun. We even got to taste some unique items the chefs were preparing for prep. Our plates never went empty and neither did our drinks. All of the staff were friendly and efficient. As stated in other reviews you do not have one specific server dedicated to you. All of the staff chips in to help serve. Be sure to ask the staff about a "stem" card if you do the AYCE option. It is a loyalty card and after you buy 10 AYCE sushi you get the 11th one free. We will absolutely return.
5	We decided to go off the Strip and so glad we did. Its all you can eat sushi or la carte. Everything was on menu was tasty. Service was great as well. Definitely will dine there again when in town.
1	Where to start with a sushi place this bad?Well... it's not absolutely horrid, it's just not good with terrible service.  As I write this first paragraph I am torn between two and one stars.  It's been settled one star.  Let me tell you how I got there.Food:  The food... is not good.  I didn't get sick, I didn't think the fish tasted terrible, it was all just so very bland and off.  We started off with one of the "burritos" which was fish, krab, cucumber, and avocado, wrapped in rice and a rice paper wrap.  This was the best thing we ate.  We actually said to each other, "If this is what all their food is like, we're totally sold on this place!"  That is, however, where things started to get worse.  We ordered about 2 dozen orders of nigiri with various fish on top.  Salmon, yellow tail, tuna, squid, and scallops.  My usual thought is that the rice should have sushi rice taste and the fish should be a decent thickness with a good texture and a little chilly.  This place basically gave us plain rice (little to no vinegar taste) with fish that I didn't know you could cut it that thin.  The most confusing part to me was that the fish was warm.  Not room temp, but warm warm.  Like, it's been sitting on top of an oven that was turned on and it didn't cook but got warm.  This made my stomach question its freshness.  I also ordered a couple of cut rolls, rice-less rolls, and a hand roll.  The alaska hand roll to be specific.  Or as I like to call it, salmon slurry shoved into seaweed that looks like a dog just puked up a piece of salmon gristle.  I couldn't finish it to say the least.  Food being mediocre, ok that's a 2-3 star score so why the 1?  Service.After 45 minutes of being seated.  We had ordered twice and eaten once.  Funny how that is since their menu says, "Ordering time limit is 45 minutes".  I mean seriously, 45 minutes to cut fish in a restaurant that is NOT busy on a Friday afternoon.  When i say not busy, I mean there are 3 tables that have people at it and 6 people at the sushi bar.  45 minutes!!! The waitress responsible for our table kept on walking past us and avoided eye contact and to add salt to the wound, in the end, she charged us for dinner prices instead of lunch.  Will i come back?  NO.  Do I think it's worth suggesting to others?  NO.  TL:DR - Avoid at all costs.  How does this place have 4.5 stars?
4	Ate there Saturday night - 4 of us, the sushi  was pretty good -the AYCE deal was priced about right .. The service was really good attentive and enthusiastic..    I have had better sushi but I paid significantly more . I also ordered non-sushi sides (bulgoki and  tempura) and they were very good . ...   The music was obnoxious, but I think that in this case I am just an old fart...
1	horrible food, horrible waitress
5	I've been here several times, with different sized groups at different times of day, end each time service and food has been perfectly on point. AYCE prices are very reasonable, but they do have rules to follow, however they've never been a problem for anyone I've been there with. Everyone in the restaurant is super friendly and although you have a waiter, everyone who works there is willing to take orders, run to the kitchen, and generally help you with whatever you need. Food comes fast after being ordered and is always as described in the menu. Food is delicious and yummy and tastes fresh. I love the I Love My Ass Roll, but the Pretty Lady Roll is always popular, and I don't think I've ever ordered few than 5 orders of the Salmon and the Garlic Tuna. The menu is extensive and for those who are not into fish, or raw fish, there is a cooked menu as well including bulgogi (which is delicious) and tempura among others. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who's looking for great sushi in the area!
1	i was debating whether to stop at Jjanga or Sushi House Goyemon -- i so wished i went to Goyemon instead because I did not have a good experience at Jjanga. we got there a little after 12:30pm and it was not crowded. We were seating and ordered right away. The menu says you have 45 minutes to eat for AYCE lunch. The service was SUPER slow. I didn't get my 2nd plate until 45 min later. I was thinking, they better not kick us out, I'd be so pissed.The first round of hamachi looked incredible and tasted great. The 2nd round of hamachi were poor looking and was warm temperature! The only fish that tasted fresh were hamachi and salmon, the rest of the fish, i can pass. I just cannot stand sashimi to be warm -- just not sanitary! and these fish weren't thick cut either.. they're quite thinly sliced.some of the rolls were okay; spider roll was fine. I wish they would serve us faster so I can try different items. the waitress wasn't great also, she forgot one of my order and charged us for dinner price instead of lunch. And no matter how i try to make contact with her or wave my hands around, I cannot get her attention at all! I was just annoyed. I was very temped to just walk out the door and not pay because service was that bad. no, i will not visit Jjanga again. I was glad that I didn't bring friends here, it would have been an embarrassment.
5	Fuck dude this place is so dank! I'm trying to just come back here, bro. If you come out here you gotta eat all the fish n shit.UPDATE: they have the best green tea ice cream. Shit was so fucking delicious. My cousins and I had maybe 6-7 servings of ice cream! And bruhhhh the yuzu yellowtail slices are thick af!
1	I came here with my family of 7 including myself. We were seated right away and the ambiance of the restaurant was lovely with nice decor and it was very spacious. The food itself was pretty good. I love the creative combinations of different ingredients in many of the rolls that were very flavorful. I also definitely liked the garlic tuna nigiri and highly recommend it. However, the service was awful. Our server was nice, but the first strike was when she told us we couldn't order anymore surf clam because apparently 4 orders was the limit, but that seemed like an arbitrary decision because no where on the menu did it say there were limits on certain items. The second strike is the lack of service throughout because it took so long for her to come back to us to take our orders and the wait became longer after every order, and we didn't even order frequently. The final strike was when we ordered a single item (I forgot what it was), and had been waiting for it for probably 10 minutes to be informed that they had it, but it was going to take a long time to cook it and we politely understood. Another 10 minutes later, we started to become skeptical of why it took that long, then another server informs us that it's actually "MIA" and that they actually don't have the ingredients for it, so they pretty much lied to us about it and were bold enough to think we'd believe them. So considering all the strikes, that's when we were pretty sure that they didn't want to serve us anymore because they probably thought we ordered too much or maybe because they thought we were sharing with some of my family members who had a la carte. It was just an awful experience of feeling like they wanted us to stop ordering and just leave because we "exceeded" the cost and they were probably losing money so they felt as if they had to solve it by trying to avoid us.
5	My boyfriend and I LOVE this place! They constantly make sure we're taken care of and have enough to eat. I recently won a photo contest they have on Facebook, Instagram and other social media sites. They took such good care of us! Jjanga is really cool and Choo Choo interacts with everyone at the sushi bar. The atmosphere is great and the food is obviously delicious. We'll be back many times and recommend it to all of our friends.
5	Back again for another round of great, fresh sushi and sides. The crew here is great and always has a smile on their faces.  They always check up on you and makes sure your cup is full. All my friends I introduce this place too thinks it's great food, fun and reasonable. I always try something new.
2	So disappointed this was my last sushi experience before I found out I was pregnant! Horrible! Will never be back! I did AYCE with no rolls or rice, just raw fish items and quality and flavor was really lacking. One of the items in my sashimi salad had gone bad, but since it's chopped, I couldn't tell which The screaming "o" was a huge disappointment. The dressing is awful and portion is a joke The cooked items were decent
5	All u can eat for $26& it's delicious!!! Never had deep fried rolls& now I'm in love. Can only handle 1 or 2 of those rolls tho. Hand wraps were great too! Will definitely be back!
4	This place is excellent! They have a great selection of sushi and appetizers. I think I was more excited to try the appetizer than the sushi because of how big the selection was. I had three sushi rolls and they were all perfect and yummy. OMG the green tea ice cream is the best I've tried that's for sure. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because they don't do half rolls so I didn't get to taste many of the rolls other than that Yama has competition. Oh and they do a punch card!
5	Jjanga is the best ayce sushi around, in a city with a lot of choices. Don't know what all the negative reviews for service is but we've always been treated like vips. Especially by the only white waiter here and all the chefs. Maybe because we go here 3x a month and we usually sit at the sushi bar. Sushi is great with a lot of selection. Sure, if you're expecting  a Nobu experience for $26 then you're delirious. Keep it real with your reviews people. You wont get this kind of sushi for this value anywhere else. Chefs are a hoot and will give you awesome extras for regulars or people they like.
4	I am giving this restaurant 4 stars with guarded optimism.  We started going there about 4 months ago and it seems to be slipping in quality.  Perhaps the most annoying thing recently has been their a/c issues. Hopefully it will be truly fixed soon.  Unfortunately, we had to leave during one of our attempts to dine there.  According to their own thermostat the temp in the restaurant was 89 degrees!  One of our party is 89 years old and we felt it unwise to sit and swelter. I admit to being disturbed by the attitude of one of the servers who was chiding me for leaving after all the trouble he went through to setup a table for 5.  Really? No compassion for the senior with us.  One wonders how good an idea it is to serve sushi in such a warm room.  Scott the manager was not there but probably would have handled things better.  Hopefully they will fix the a/c better and not complain if people choose not to stay.  Actual sushi is good but again the quality seems to be slipping.  Service is ok.  Hardest working person there is the young busboy.  Guardedly 4 stars but beware of future decline.
5	Wife and I went on a sunday night, and it was busy but we only had to wait 10 minutes for a table.  Throughout the night, I'd have to say we got some of the best service I've ever seen at a restaurant, out of any low budget burger joints through high end suit-and-tie places I've been to.  The staff, from the managers to the waitress, were all extremely attentive and eager to make us happy.  We did AYCE, and some places make you wait too long before each order, but our table was constantly being kept full of sushi.  The first order came out in less than 5 minutes.  The sushi itself was excellent, you get full rolls for each order unlike the small half-rolls that some AYCE places give.  The selection is huge and includes appetizers and dessert (included in AYCE).  My only regret is not having a bigger stomach because I got stuffed quick and want to try the whole menu!
5	Good food, good service and good price, what you want more! Love it, surely will be back!
5	Amazing sushi! So convenient to the Strip and great shopping. This places rocks. Also, insanely cheap!!
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas We sit at the bar every time and the service is perfect. Their flavored saki is the best (grapefruit) Tabiko is super fresh
5	Omg can this place be anymore perfect?! I almost want to keep this place a secret and not post at all but that wouldnt be fair. Lol. Nice neighborhood feel and amazing staff that make you feel at home. The food is amazing and fresh. The chefs are fast, friendly, clean and on point. They also dont mind making special dishes to fit your taste. The owner himself is amaz-balls. Def our go to sushi place.
5	Everything we tried was great. The service was spectacular. The fish was fresh and delicious.  Whether you like rolls or sushi.. Both were phenomenal.. Highly recommended!!!!
4	Came in both times with large parties. Last night we had a party of 18! Their staff is awesome ( I think his name was MOON?).  Service and sushi is on point. Wish I took pics but was too focused on eating everything on their AYCE menu. They also had a lot of differ selections as well which was awesome.  The only downfall was their dessert. Mochi ice cream tasted weird, mochi part was not soft and chewy like it's supposed to.
5	I absolutely love Jjanga!!! My husband and I drive all the way across town just to go have sushi here. The restaurant atmosphere is really upbeat and the owner Jjanga is really nice. The staff is very friendly and they have really unique rolls. Great place for lunch or dinner!
5	Best sushi I've had! So many different items to choose from. There's a lot of items on the menu that other sushi places charge more, but here, it's all included in all you can eat. The flavor and spices they use are amazing. I recommend this place to any friends that come from out of town.
5	Awesome!
5	This place is one of my top 3 AYCE spots! The rolls are just amazing with unique sauces and names. The sushi burrito is really good specially if you have tried it when Foodie Fest is around and they have that sushi burrito truck. The beef tataki roll and the garlic tuna is my favorite here.
5	Great flavors and service!  Would definitely come back!  The only issue I had was the ice cream for dessert.  Neither green tea nor red bean flavors were very flavorful.  Otherwise, this place was awesome!
4	Stopped in for lunch. Not a fan of AYCE....I prefer quality to quantity....  so just ordered sashimi..... salmon was really really good, they have a spin on hamachi jalapeno that was different and  good, I like the thin slices of the hamachi and it was very fresh and tasty. The tuna (maguro) was also fresh and really good.I will definitely be back.
5	All you can eat! What more can I say!!! The food is amazing, and they all have really interesting names.
5	Go Choo Choo go!  He is a super awesome chef.  We told him "omakase", which means I leave it up to you.  He didn't disappoint us.  His special dishes were all very delicious.  I love good sushi and will cut off my right arm for a good piece of Toro.  And yes, Choo Choo delivers!  Great ambience, great services from servers, great food, friendly active chefs.  I love this place.
5	Wonderful service, not pushy and in a hurry, and good smelling fish. What else do you want??
5	OMG JJENGAAAAAA! This sushi place is by far the best AYCE sushi in Vegas. The interior is spacious but has an added amount of privacy for each group. You an either sit at the sushi bar or sit at the tables. OH THEY HAVE KARAOKE TOOOOOO! Anyway the sushi quality is really great. I usually come in for lunch and sit at the bar. All the chefs are really nice and very attentive to your needs. May of their rolls have really good flavor and my favorites are the "something wrong 69" and the "burning My ass roll." The appetizers are really good too. Overall a great sushi place. Great atmosphere and great food!
4	Servers and chefs are super nice and the hosts are very friendly.  Food is amazing and they serve imported Japanese beer and sake, which is fun to try and delicious. The all you can eat is very worth the price if you're hungry and there are quite a few vegan and vegetarian options on the menu. Only four stars because sometimes the service is a little slow and they'll occasionally forget things. Check them out on Facebook and you can win free food. Great place and I suggest everyone try it.
5	My experience here was nothing short of fantastic! I don't have a single bad thing to say. From the second I walked in, to the minute I left, my dinner date and I had excellent customer service, delicious food, and we enjoyed the fun music and ambiance. Let me highlight my favorite parts:Our server was so helpful, especially because we did the all you can eat for $26.He suggested his favorites and also asked us what we liked so he could make suggestions off that. He was personable and funny, never making us feel rushed even though he was really busy! Everyone working there was working together. Our table got bussed by multiple people, our drinks always stayed full, and we never had to wait to order more.... And everyone was smiling! The sushi was fantastic, all made to order. Did I mention the all-you-can-eat sushi is $26 at dinner?! :D The variety on the all you can eat menu is epic! I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything by not ordering a la cart. What more to say? It was great, and I will most definitely be back!
5	My friend and I came last night and we loved it. My friends been wanting to eat here and we finally did. I think the best part is they offer sushi with no rice which I loved. I'm craving for some right now.Everything came on time. Except I had to order my miso and edamame twice which is fine. But service was excellent the sushi was out this world. They're very creative whereas most sushi places would have the same choices. I'll definitely be back (craving for the no rice sushi's again) since our server offered to give us a stamp card. Which at most places they'd be stingy about it unless you ask for it.
5	Their nigiri is delicious. Great customer service too. Their all you can eat option is reasonably priced. They have a wide selection of food to choose from. Highly recommend!
5	Wow. Amazing food! Improvement from last time I came. We came in around 10:30pm and it was a little busy. We were greeted right away, and our order was taken. Within 3 minutes we were already receiving our orders. Some of the things we ordered were;Salmon nigiri - so amazing, melted in my mouth. Garlic tuna nigiri - well seasoned and juicy. Monkey burrito - *Drool* so orgasmic.Fresh Oysters - already comes with hot sauce & the goods, I'm so glad they have it.Unagi - I'm usually not fond of unagi but the eel sauce is da bombSweet shrimp - soo fresh and so yummy!Crab balls - perfectly fried goodness topped off with delicious sauce Poki salad - I love when it's not actual salad. Just seaweed & tuna drenched in sauce. Other places the poki salad is served in a big bowl with a lot of salad and hardly any fish. They hook it up here! So, to sum it all up, I had a very satisfying experience. I've never had our food served so fast and we ordered so much. Their customer service is outstanding and the fish is one of the freshest out of all AYCE sushi joints. It's also cheap! $25 AYCE and lunch is $21. If you come in from 11pm-2am the price is $21!
1	I came here with four other people and from the beginning I wasn't feeling it because the man up front was unfriendly. He told us the wait time was 25 minutes and it ended up being about 45. I had to go ask him how much longer instead of him coming over and  keeping us updated.After looking over the menu, I noticed it was very Americanized, contained a lot of cream cheese and imitation crab so I was not excited to try the food. 3 of the people at my table got the AYCE and me and my other friend decided to go al a carte. We started off by ordering the pumpkin soup and cucumber salad to see what type of food we were dealing with. The pumpkin soup came out luke warm and had no flavor. The cucumber salad was cut sloppily and did not taste fresh. We decided to pass on the rest of the food.
5	Phenomenal. The prices were remarkably good (dinner for three was around $50) and the sushi was incredible. It's a bit hard to find tucked into the back corner of a strip mall, but definitely worth the trip odd the strip!
1	The fish on sushi is tmso thin and short... I asked for easy rice and they told me they dont give much rice in every order. compare to thin fish slice, rice is wayyy too much. I would give 0 star rating if I could. make sure u dont order rolls cuz it has much sauce and rice( they put soft shell crab inside and it was replaced wifh shrimp tempera). After ordering twice they dont come to your table even though u wave at them ; unless u shout out to get attention
5	I've been here twice and both experiences were very pleasant. Fish taste fresh and not a lot of rice. Service is great. everyone is friendly with smiles. Even the manager stopped by and chatted with us and gave us a complimentary sake. Everything came out in a timely manner. We didn't feel rushed or uncomfortable because their were 6 of us and we ate A LOT and you know some other sushi places make you feel like you ordered too much and try to hint you enough lol. well, we didn't get that here. They also have a treasure chest of toys for the kiddos! They also offer karaoke rooms. too bad I live too far or I'd be here more often.
5	I do enjoy AYCE sushi and this place was wonderful.  Many AYCE places has lots of restrictions like ordering so many plates at a time and service is slow but here you can order ALOT and they serve you real quick.  The only restriction is a  45minutes ordering time but this is plenty long for me.  Great selection of sushi, roll and even some sashimi.  LOVED IT!!!
4	Favorite sushi ayce in vegas!! Their super white tune is delicious ! All their fish are fresh for ayce spot. The have tons of appetizer to choose from such as agedashi tofu, skewers, salad, chicken wings (lemon pepper) , dynamite (must try) ! I took off one star because there's not much dessert to choose from except mochi and ice cream :( but I will come back for the quality of their sushi !!! They also have stamp cards ;)
4	Favorite sushi ayce in vegas!! Their super white tune is delicious ! All their fish are fresh for ayce spot. The have tons of appetizer to choose from such as agedashi tofu, skewers, salad, chicken wings (lemon pepper) , dynamite (must try) ! I took off one star because there's not much dessert to choose from except mochi and ice cream :( but I will come back for the quality of their sushi !!! They also have stamp cards ;)
4	Ok I have been to many all you can eat sushi bars in last Vegas. At night I had hard time finding the restaurant it was hidden in a little plaza, the sign was hard to see it was in a dark blue neon sign. I walked in on a Tuesday night around 8:30pm for dinner the price $25.99 for all you can eat. I sat at the sushi bar in front of sushi chef choo choo who was the head sushi chef . He provided me with good service. The waitresses only checked on me for initial order of drinks. Over all hot food service was ok. It's about the same service I have received at most all you can eat sushi bars in Vegas. Now the food, I always go for nigiri rather than rolls to try the fish out. I find the fish to rice ratio to be okay , a little on the too much rice side. Another thing no half rolls which I wish they did. The fish was fresh overall, only one uni, sweet shrimp and one beef tataki nigiri allowed during dinner only. The appetizers pretty standard as most sushi bars. I found the freshman roll which has no rice are with rice paper and cowboy roll was good and I recommend. The tuna poke was spicy. Dinner for one with order of ice tea was $31 plus tip $40. $5 to sushi chef and rest to table waitress.
5	Oh! Amazing food! Gorgeous decor! Great service! I can't say enough good things, so I'll keep it simple. This place is fabulous. Go and enjoy.
5	Amazing. The ambiance is great. The food is amazing. The staff is attentive, polite and helpful. And now, I'm stuffed.
5	We decided to give this place a try and was stoked that I did. We were served by Ricky and he was great! Very friendly, knew the menu and was very fluent in the preparation of the sushi that we ordered. We had the AYCE,   and was very happy with all of our selections!  The rolls that stood out to me was the spider roll, Japanese lasagna,  the garlic ahi, and the tamago! they were so tasty that we ordered three orders of the nigiri and two orders of the rest. This is a very social resturant in  the sence that they have their sushi chefs  all in one area and they are really friendly and engage with the customers that sit at the bar. Ricky  recommended us to try out the grapefruit sake and wow, was that amazing! It was literally like drinking squirt! we also had the monkey burrito (amazingly ridiculous! !) its a sushi burrito, cucumber,  spicy tuna, served with two different sauces. I mean how can you go wrong with that?!?!?! The sushi was executed well and fish tasted fresh and had a very clean taste to it! the garlic ahi is absolutely a must try, the garlic sauce compliments the fish very nicely and adds that kick it needs, the fish was soft and tender, rice prepared well and with the tamago which was just amazing!! This sushi house is great and I will recommend them for all to try, its great to find a sushi house with such a laid back atmosphere and great high quality food, I will definitely be back for more awesome sushi!! Great job JJANGA!
4	I would say this place is one of my top three AYCE sushi joints in Vegas. Their uni was the best quality of all the AYCE places I've been to. Other favorites include fresh oysters, yuzu yellowtail, dynamite, & fat sweet shrimp. I pigged out mostly on nigiri and the appetizers. I was full so I didn't get to the sashimi and poke section. I rarely do rolls so I can't comment on that.Service was very attentive. I think we ordered too much in the beginning because the waiter stopped us and said why don't you start with that? Haha. It wasn't even that much! We had another guy helping us toward the end who was a lot friendlier.Our food kept on coming and our waters were constantly refilled. I was constantly eating. No breaks! The minor thing that was missing from my usual AYCE sushi favorites - I didn't see white tuna on their menu. Maybe they had it but I didn't ask for it. I was full at that point so it wasn't a priority. The monkey burrito was not memorable. I didn't care for their beef tataki. Their dessert is not much of a selection but I'm not one to come to an AYCE sushi joint for dessert so no big deal. Just mochi and ice cream.I'll be back to try poke and their sashimi!
5	I'm OBSESSED with sushi and this place is amazing! Super cheap prices without compromising quantity or quality!
5	This place deserves 5 star for their price/quality match. The price is lower than average but sushi is very decent. The food is served very fast but be ready to wait until you get seated. We are definitely going to visit this place next time we come to Vegas!!!
5	Sushi here was very very good. Even the run of the mill salmon was very tasty. Highly suggest garlic tuna. The chefs are fast, and take care of you, especially if you sit at the bar. Very good off the strip sushi option; not too far so a split fare by cab from the strip is cheap (admittedly probably hard to get one coming back on the weekends though). Would definitely come again.
4	amazing all you can eat place in Vegas! live out of town and will be coming here every time I am in Vegas from now till forever!!! the garlic tuna is amazing! service is great, atmosphere is great as well.
5	I came here on a Saturday around 4:30PM and it wasn't that busy. Seating was easy. Service was top notch! The fish was fresh and the fish to rice ratio was good. I really liked the screaming orgasm dish (or something orgasm) on the AYCE menu. The sushi burrito was also delish and light, so you can eat lots of those without getting too full. I like to try the volcano roll everywhere, but I didn't like this one much, only because it had cream cheese. I just took out the cream cheese and that seemed to solve the problem. There are many roll options including those with rice and those without rice. You can get hand rolls or regular rolls.I like that everything on the menu comes in small portions and/or they offer a lot of items not too heavy on the rice so that we get to try a variety of things without getting full too quickly. To top it off, my friend had green tea ice cream and I had red bean ice cream for dessert. Both were good! I've had red bean elsewhere but not as good as here. My #1 AYCE sushi joint in vegas.
4	Love love loveeee the fried sushi rolls the offer. The only roll that I've tried and did not like at all was the Red Rock roll.. only because it had way too much sauce poured on it IMO. Depending on when you go, you could be waiting a while. I went for dinner on a Sunday night and waited about 15 minutes for a table for 2.. another couple walked in a few minutes after we arrived and weren't seated until we were getting ready to pay and leave. During the week is a bit less crowded.Prices are not bad either.. Would recommend AYCE if you're hungry, but 3 rolls split between 2 was enough for me.
5	Hate to leave a 5 star review and have this place get too over crowded lol but they deserve it! It's in an unsuspecting location in a small strip mall. Not much to look at on the outside but once inside it's really nice and inviting. We went about 6pm so it wasn't too busy no wait at all. Ordered the AYCE sushi and appetizers. Best decision we ever made lol we tried just about everything and everything was delicious. The Ahi poke was great and the hand rolls were awesome too. There wasn't anything we didn't like. Service was on point they brought out everything well timed and not too much at once. Best $26 bucks ever spent on dinner. Will definitely be back and maybe checkout their karaoke rooms too :)
4	JJanga might be the most fun I've ever had at a sushi bar. We sat at the bar and were entertained all night by the sushi chefs and even some of the wait staff. It came pretty highly recommended and it didn't disappoint. My friend and I ordered a wide assortment of nigiri and specialty rolls, and like at any restaurant, loved a lot of it and had a few things we didn't love. Overall, the quality was great, creativity was fantastic, and the ambiance was fun and energetic. And if you're not too full, try the mango mochi, which is excellent.
3	Late night AYCE sushi and drinking place. Average sushi at a great price if you get the AYCE which ends before 1am so arrive well before that to take advantage of it. The yuzu yellowtail was the best nigiri option when we went. I liked the crispy rice and spicy tuna from the rolls. Lots of rolls to choose from and you can also get brown rice sushi for $1 extra charge. Staff is quite friendly at this Korean owned place.
5	Pleasantly surprised! Had a few options for vegetarians - and the Imari special (deep fried Imari with broccoli etc) was something I'd definitely go back for. Didn't get AYCE, but they had tons of great options for it. :)
1	Sushi was ok. Baby octopus was the best thing on the menu. Service was really bad..the server only paid attention to one big party and practically forgot about all the other patrons. Not worth coming back here again. Then he asked us to vote for them for Nevada's best...hmm, I don't think so. Peace out Jjanga.
1	This place was very highly recommended/hyped so we decided to see for ourselves. Sushi was to par with other places I've been and the baby tako appetizer was really good. However the service was some of the worst I've ever had; rather slow and unfriendly. Sometimes service can be overlooked but it is a huge contributing factor to the overall experience. I had hoped to like this place as much as others, but I will not be returning.
5	One of my new favorite places to have sushi! Super fresh fish and dynamite sushi menu! Relaxed and fun atmosphere and clearly always busy, which is a good sign of a great place! Moon was our server and was a lot of fun. The fish here was tits!
2	Eh. The food was okay but I don't think I'd call this my favorite place.The service was excellent, we had 2 servers helping us and they were attentive and polite. But the food was not as good. I actually got so nauseous from the weird spicy tuna that I couldn't finish my roll. Perhaps it was because the chef was more concerned with the baseball game on TV than my food?Nothing really had that "wow" factor that I look for in a restaurant. I wouldn't eat here again.
1	$26 for all you can eat RICE? ---Cool. Not! Get the heck out of here with all of that rice you try to stuff wherever you can. I can no longer recommend Jjanga as a solid spot for AYCE sushi. Their quality and credibility has gone down. Waaay down. They used to be decent but, man, I was utterly disgusted on our recent visit. - Their AYCE (all rice) nigiri are soaked in an offensive chemical tasting "yuzu" flavor- Their (rice) rolls are literally all rice and a dot of imitation crab with a paper thin sliver of dried out salmon- Watery-bland-miso-soup- Sinewy, dried out, paper thin fish- Skimpier than a mofo "special sashimi" poke salads, that all have questionable, stringy, bad cuts of fish- Oh, they also don't do half sized rolls so be prepared to Tetris the shit out of your foodNo can do. This is not the spot for AYCE sushi or value. They are drastically inconsistent, which is why I am confidant in awarding them with a 1 star review and never plan on returning.Pro tip: Try Sakana on Maryland Pkwy, Las Vegas - they don't skimp on their rolls or their nigiri (plus their yuzu actually tastes good)
5	Simply put, best AYCE sushi in Vegas.This place is so good, I'm not too sure where to start this review, but this is yelp, and it's always about the food itself.Food here is just awesome. The fish is so fresh tasting, I would argue that it comes fairly close in quality to Noshi Sushi in Hollywood. Unlike Yama which precuts their fish (a decision I completely understand due to how busy they get), all the fish at Jjanga is sliced only when you order it. The fish to rice ratio in both their hand and cut rolls is spot on. They don't pile on the rice to fill you up faster, and the chefs are extremely generous with their portions. My favorite sushi here are the Yellowtail and Alaska hand rolls, which are just heavenly. The fish is so smooth, without any of the fishy smell and taste so common with cheaper sushi. Another amazing plus are their appetizers. I know it sounds strange, but try their plain chicken wings and the french fries. Hell, I'd come back just for those two. For their desserts, the red bean icecream is so fragrant and full of red beans, you'll with that you saved room for more than 1 cup. My only dislikes of the food would be some of the sauces they put on the sushi, but everything can be ordered without sauce. Additionally, their salads (Poke, shashimi, etc) are a bit weak when compared to their sushi lineup. If they made their salad like how Yama makes its shashimi salad, I would rate them 6 stars. As it stands, I would rate the food 5/5.Service is also great. You aren't required to order with the same waiter who took your first one, if you want more food, just flag down any passing waiter. They don't mind the least and actually encourage it. Food is brought out at a constant pace instead of a giant glut common at other AYCE places, which helps keep the food at its correct temperatures. The servers are so friendly and I've never gotten the smallest hint of judgement for the sheer armount of food I consume. My only qualm is that once in a long while a small mixup will happen and an order might be forgotten, but since it's an AYCE, just order it again. Who cares if they forget? 5/5Price/Ambiance/Cleanliness - Price is inline will most other places, ~21 for lunch, ~26 for dinner. Ambiance is casual but not too loud. Restrooms and entire restaurant kept pretty clean. No complaints in this one. 5/5TLDR: Everything here is great, but also try the plain (must specify this) chicken wings and french fries. You'll thank me later.
5	I absolutely love it here! The garlic tuna is by far the best I've had and its really tasty! And the way they serve/cut the tamago is cute lol. The AYCE menu caters to all tastes from the raw stuff, to appetizers, and so many different kinds of rolls-and so far ,there hasn't been anything I didn't like. Quality of ingredients is great and it matches their service. The staff definitely aim to please and are super friendly! I also love the decor and ambiance- it's modern and welcoming. They also have reasonable lunch specials. Eat at jjanga! You won't be disappointed!
5	I believe this is the best sushi spot in Las Vegas. My wife and I go here whenever we feel like eating sushi. When it comes down to staff, service, the great modern vibe, and specially the food, it is always the best. I'm not sure what people are complaining about this place because we don't see it or feel from them any negative vibe but I believe it's the best AYCE sushi. The taste of the food has great flavor and also you get the food pretty quickly.I recommend this place whenever you want sushi or you got some friends or family to visit this is the place to eat.
5	My husband and I were more than happy with our favorite AYCE sushi joint in Summerlin, but then we moved to the Southwest and needed to find something closer. JJANGA is by far the best. The key to determining good sushi is in tasting the sashimi and this my friends was the freshest and tastiest you can get at an AYCE sushi place. The color of the fish was vibrant and it tasted like butter.The creativity and quality of the rolls are excellent and there is always someone walking by trying to take your order. Just the best and I cannot wait to make this our weekly sushi spot!
5	Whenever I head to Vegas, I always make it a point to either dine at a buffet (i.e., Bacchanal) or check out an all-you-can-eat sushi spot.  I've tried Island Sushi & Grill and Umiya in the past.  This time, a girl friend and I were curious about the 4.5-star rated Jjanga.We came in for a super late dinner, around 10:00 pm, on a Friday evening.  The place was probably half full so we didn't need to wait for a table.  The staff happily greeted us with a smile and explained hot the AYCE deal works.  We dove right in and ordered the favorites, which turned out to be the ones that can only be ordered once -- the uni, poke salad, sweet shrimp, golden scallop, and beef tataki -- all of which were delicious!  I remember ordering the unagi more than once too.  What I especially liked was this off-menu item, the pork steak with miso?  I don't remember what it was called but our server suggested it in place of one the items I pointed out on the menu.  It was divine...like melt in your mouth, gimme-my-rice, sort of divine.  What I also liked about Jjanga is the candidness of our server.  I forget her name now, but I truly appreciated her honest opinions on the various menu items.  I was going to order the fried rice and she basically vetoed it because it wasn't worth the tummy space.  She also steered us away from the special rolls because she wanted to get the most of our money by indulging in the nigiri and classic rolls.  Some say she's a buttinski, but truthfully, I appreciated her two cents!I would totally return to this spot for AYCE sushi!
5	We were apprehensive to stop here because it appeared to be your average sushi bar in Vegas, but we were SO WRONG! Everyone here was spectacular! I tasted the best sushi ever today. The Choo Choo special is literally out of this world. I will never again return to Vegas with out stopping here! Btw, choo choo  was loaded with personality. Loved him
5	I hit this place last night on the recommendation of a friend.  I am not really into AYCE sushi.  I find AYCE places usually serve sub prime fish with ridiculous rules.  Also, I find the clientele at AYCE places usually makes my appetite diminish.  Not this joint! The food is AWESOME!  A hip scene and just a fun eating experience.  I sat at the sushi bar at JJanga was my sushi chef. He is funny, creative and made the experience so enjoyable.  Uni?  No problem!  Sashimi?  No problem.  Anything goes.  Also, the restaurant is not big.  That being said, there were 5 sushi chefs standing in wait to make food.  This meant a great flow of sushi.  Check it out.
1	This Place has the worst most disrespectful host I have ever experienced in this town.. I was with a party of 3 showed up at 7:30pm this evening.. The HOST with The huge black rimmed glasses said there are no table  sand Nothing at the sushi Bar and no tablea available.. He flat out Lied to me.. Then after waiting 45 mins and we are the only people left waiting (seated on small wooden bench)  we watches several families walk put of the restaurant and then another party of 4 comes in and he immediately seats them!! I promptly walked out Hungry tired Never to return to this place!! Please dont  even bother going here there are plenty of other great sushi bars in Las vegas!!!
5	I'm super late at making a review but this is one of the few places I go for AYCE sushi because other places can't compare! They have amazing service they're always on it & quick with orders. The first time I went our server was JJ & he was hilarious & gave us an amazing experience. He even offered us some random roll to try out. Their nigiri is the main reason why I love this place, which is what I base my sushi places off of. It's always fresh fish & a good ratio of rice to fish. I love the super white tuna, salmon, unagi, & uni just to name a few. They have a good variety of appetizers (my fav is the baby octopus), rolls & also have a selection of sushi burritos. I prefer to come for lunch when it's less busy but even when it's busy they're still providing great service. I will always come here when I'm craving sushi!
5	Wow, this place is fantastic!  Get the Karai!  Great sushi, great sushi!  Sit at Choo Choo's station...he's a riot.
5	What a great place! Sometimes it really pays to get off strip to a restaurant. The best way to do this place is to sit at the sushi bar and ask the sushi chef to make you whatever he wants. Wow. The sushi chef was fantastic.
4	We really enjoyed this AYCE over most of the others around Vegas. My wife liked the fact that they had a lot of rice-less rolls.  Where do they come up with the names for some of these rolls, lol?  Not a mochi fan, but my wife is. That was her main disappointment of this place. The skin on the mochi was not silky smooth. I liked this place better than Yama Sushi. The service was better, and I think the roll choices were better. I also think the quality and taste was very good.
5	This is my new go to place for ayce sushi in vegas. Portions are small so that you can try a variety of different things. Quality of the fish is good...not what I would expect from an ayce place.  Service was top notch. Kid friendly....came here with kids and they were charged half price and a small trinket from the treasure chest to boot. I will be back.
4	There's bound to be at least one thing on the menu that you make YOUR FAVORITE each time you come to a restaurant and the one thing I absolutely fell in love with is the JJANGA BURRITO.  The one thing that will always bring me back here for.Over six months ago a friend and I tried this new sushi place called JJANGA Japanese Restaurant.  Everything we tried was good but I honestly couldn't remember what we ordered.  All I know is that we ordered so much food that we couldn't finish.  Just a few days ago, we returned with a few other people.  I never thought that I'd ever return here because I have this thing with places not doing half order sushi rolls.  I like doing half orders so that I can taste a variety of rolls.  This place served chicken wings and so a member of our group who loves chicken wings, well, we ended up here again.  My friend ordered the Jjanga Burrito for the first time and she told me that I should try it because it was really good.  So I decided to give it a try.  The moment I took a bite I said, "Oh my god this is good."  Then after every few bites I'm saying how amazing and how amazing balls it was and how I was going to order another one.  So inside of this roll, there is shrimp, broccoli tempura, crab, masago, green onion, furikake, and layu all wrapped in soy paper.  I think layu is some kind of chili oil.  It's so hard to describe the taste, and all I can say that it's AMAZING.  The rice inside of it is almost like fried rice, but not fried rice (may not make sense but you just have to try it).  The broccoli tempura gives it a crunch with every bite and the flavor with everything else mixed with it is just BOMB!  By far my favorite on the menu.
5	Excellent fresh delicious sushi & awesome environment! Best sushi in Vegas & great location near the Strip.
5	Yesterday I would have told you I have given up on AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.Not that I have given up eating AYCE sushi (I would rather give up sunshine), but that I have given up expecting anything better than marginally fresh, questionably acceptable slices of fish on a ball of tasteless rice. This is what we have come to expect from the AYCE joints in town - from joints that pre-cut the individual sashimi slices, letting oxygen start to kill the taste and texture, to places that serve a thin slice of lemon on top to mask the tell-tale signs of fish that is about to go bad.Today I am singing a new tune - watch me do my little happy dance (clap along if you feel that sushi is right for you).JJANGA has restored my faith in AYCE sushi and brightened up my whole year. I have once again found an AYCE joint that serves fresh fish (Rod my friend - if you're reading this, I watched them pull the fresh filets of Salmon out of the ice myself, so maybe they got your message).But the star of the day wasn't the salmon, or the yellowtail (which were both amazing BTW), it wasn't even watching Choo Choo perform with graceful precision - the star of the day was the tuna. Absolutely gorgeous to behold and a joy to devour, the tuna was just about as perfect as perfect can be. The same delicate quality of fish you can only find in some of the better pay-per piece sushi joints, with the added glory of a never-ending supply. (Oh, this has gotta be the good life, this has gotta be the good life.)When was the last time you remember an AYCE sushi joint serving eel that is still warm and fresh from the toaster oven and not cold because they precooked it to save time? When was the last time you remember Cajun albacore tasting like Cajun at all (has it ever)? When's the last time the garlic sauce on the garlic tuna made you go "Ooooo"? When was the last time they served you REAL wasabi at an AYCE? Huh? Go ahead, try to think of a time!Simply an amazing lunchtime AYCE, better than expected by far, and they managed to top off great sushi and great service with an AYCE price a couple of dollars lower than most everywhere else in town - money! (I gotta feeling, that tonight's gonna be a good night!)Anyone care to join me on Monday for round two?
5	Belly up to the bar and enjoy great conversation and a free show. Tip tell them make what you like and enjoy the surprises
5	Hidden gem!  Some of the best sushi I've had in a long time.  Honestly, read no further and go to the restaurant, you won't be disappointed.  Here's why:We were staying at Mandalay bay and wanted sushi but not looking at spending a lot of money.  We rented a car and I was a little nervous we would not use it but wow I was wrong.  We've used it everyday to find awesome restaurants like this one.  I was craving sushi but did not want to spend over $100 and I knew if we stayed on the strip we would.  So I found this place on yelp, I was skeptical because it was all you can eat,  it's way off the strip, in a strip mall and it appears to be in shady area of town (I'm from Chicago, what do I know).  But let me tell you this place was a lot fun!  The food, the environment, everything was great.  First, the environment was very welcoming.  My wife and I sat at the sushi bar and Choo Choo (sushi chef) was awesome! He was a ball of energy, entertaining, funny, he made the experience great!  Now the food was surprisingly super good.  The fish was super fresh, soft, the tuna melted in my mouth.  I was super impressed how fresh the fish was.  I have many food allergies and they were very accompanying, made changes to the rolls for me and gave me suggestions.  The wait service was just okay, hard to track down for the bill but the sushi chefs made up for them with there energy, enthusiasm and entertaining factor.  Lastly the price, cheapest meal of the trip, so crazy!  We opted out of the all you can eat and just ordered.  Our bill was only $38 after taxes and we had sake.  If I'm ever back in Las Vegas I will absolutely eat there and I'm going to recommend it to everyone I know.  If your looking to have fun, eat great food, and not pay a lot, then I highly suggest.  You will definitely need to take a cab or drive here but it's well worth it.
3	Jjanga was my go to spot for Ayce when they first opened. I'd come here at least once or twice a month. One of the owners was always so friendly and very helpful so was the servers I've always had. But the last 3 times I've gone the owner I like is never there when I go and I end up getting below average service. I feel that I always need to get someone's attention whenever we wanted to order or needed our drinks filled. I also feel that the nigiri is now much thinner slices with a whole lot more rice. The Saba is also very dry and our appetizers would sometimes never show up or show up long after the sushi had already been eaten. I kept it at 3 stars jus because I used to love this place. I hope they become more consistent.
5	Hands down, after 13 years in Vegas, my favorite sushi spot! The sushi is so fresh, the crew is an absolute blast, they remembered our names since first visit & remember our Fabs, likes & dislikes. I love to sit at bar, they get creative for you if you ask them to supeise you. Excellent service & food! All u can eat too!!
1	Wish I could give them 0 star reason being we walked in and sat for 15 min for a table the workers saw us walk in but did not even approach us ...... We approached the waiter after they sat a couple that came after us and we were sitting for 15 min
4	Excellent customer service....let the sushi chef drive the ship. Eat anything he suggests...amazing!!! Would totally take a cab and go out of my way!!!!!!!
5	Amazing they are open till 1AM! They always make a Sista feel at home! Spicy Albacore out of this world!
5	Best sushi in vegas period. Great customer service, amazing quality, and the drinks are cold. The choo choo special is something every sushi lover needs to try. Cheers!
5	Best sushi restaurant I've been in! I'm absolutely floored that it isn't busier. Everything is made to order and absolutely fresh. Very courteous servers and delicious food. We were visiting from New York but this will definitely be a stop on any future trips to Las Vegas.
4	Came here tonight only because our regular spot Goyemon had a long wait (as they often do). I noticed the score on yelp and we were very pleasantly surprised. Staff was friendly, our sushi chef Hickey was quite entertaining. After ordering my first 2 items and noticing I'm a fan of spicy tuna, he then made me a special spicy tuna poke which was delicious. He also later made us an interesting tuna carpaccio type situation which again was quite tasty. Overall I was quite impressed. Particularly with the quality of their fish which I actually favored over my old favorite. I will be going back. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the Ecstasy Roll at Goyemon is my favorite roll anywhere & they had nothing comparable. That said, there was not one thing we ordered we did not like.
4	This place was great. Good service and great people. The quality was good and service was fast and speedy. Quality was nice and fresh. I would have like it better if sashimi was offered instead of sushi the whole time. I would like to taste the freshness of the fish better that rice. On that note. I recommend them to everyone that like sushi. the proportions are perfect. Great place.
5	Came here last time I was in Vegas. It was on the way to an outlet and not far from the strip. This place is definitely a local place in a small strip mall. I usually don't prefer AYCE sushi especially when I'm on vacation and want to splurge, but JJANGA was surprisingly good. The service was exceptional and probably bumped it from a 4 star to a 5 star. When we got there we were greeted right away and got a seat at the bar. My friends and I eat A LOT when it comes to AYCE, so much so that the sushi chef couldn't keep up with our orders, but that was reasonable. He tried his best and remembered more than I could have given that he was talking to us and making small talk all the way through. Fairly entertaining guy.. The food was great especially for an AYCE it was really good. I liked that the chef and the server both kept recommending dishes to us. Its not like we paid and they left us alone until we were full, rather, they told us what they liked and what we might like. I appreciate that, in that it shows they aren't really just trying to push customers through like a lot of AYCE places, but were there to provide excellent service. Highly recommended.
1	This restaurant charge for the service 20% for the gratuity 6people or more.It is against the Law?Anybody know?
5	My buddy and I ate here about 12:30 am Sat/18 Oct (which is Fri nite):5 Stars because:- Got Sapporo and Kirin Light bottles, I think $4.50/ea and they were the large bottles.- Tasty sashimi options and the sushi items came with minimal rice (I dislike eating sushi with a huge chunk of rice).- We enjoyed everything we ordered including the stuff from the kitchen/grill.- The 2 sushi chefs were cool and took care of us (we were sitting at the bar).- Place is walking distance from my home so it's my top choice for AYCE Japanese.  The same plaza contains "Japanese Cuisine by Omae" and has a new Thai restaurant opening.  I hope the area becomes the next Seoul Plaza.Misc:- Staff was mostly Koreans (nothing wrong with that).  I can't think of a AYCE sushi place in Vegas that's Japanese owned/mostly staffed.  Sushi Kaya and Geisha House were Korean oriented.  I'll be trying Sen of Japan next.
4	The servers were polite and very knowleageable, but they are eager to take orders. Frequently check back tables.Appetizer is weak.. not very many options but the quality is pretty good. I like pumpkin porridge although they added too much starch in it.Sushi quality is as same as other AYCE sushi restaurants.
2	Hhhhmm, this place deserves two reviews, one for food and one for service.  Went on a Friday night with a party of 4 people.  We all opted for the all you can eat option, which should be called the all you can order option.  You get an hour and pretty expansive menu. Food was worthy of 3 stars, was ok sushi not great not bad.  However, the service was 1 star at best.  They failed to bring several things we ordered, even after we mentioned it twice to our server.  At first I thought it could've been a language miscommunication & noise issue (very hard to hear inside due to LOUD karaoke).  I might go back at lunch, but definitely not rushing back anytime soon.  Too many other options in the area that are better.
4	First time here and we loved it!  The atmosphere was great and the food was delicious!  My favorite was the Dancing Tiger Roll.
3	Oh Jjanga, Jjanga... I was so excited. I didn't know what to expect. This is what I experienced.Food:Interesting, different, and adventurous. Jjanga burrito - boring. So boring. Didn't finish.Red rock roll - interesting fruity pebbley. I think I liked it. It looked really cool.Smoked salmon nigiri - smoked salmon on sushi rice. Nothing more.Amaebi - just like any other amaebi.Beef nigiri - bland.Screaming orgasm - yummy, laughable portion.Half rolls - non-existent.Everything seemed fresh. I wasn't sick the next day or anything. Overall the food was okay. Not bad, not good.Drinks:$12 for a little bit of cheap house sake. The staff didn't even want to tell us what brand it was.We were charged for our hot green tea even though it was Brown. It tasted very watered down like they have been using the same ol' tea leaves all day. The tea came in very small cups and needed to be refilled often. The staff would sometimes show that they were annoyed to do so.Service:We weren't greeted when we came in. No one acknowledged or existence when we left. The whole time we just felt unwanted. They just started at us simultaneously avoiding us. The busser was pretty good though. He was nice and attentive.Overall:Not a bad spot. I've definitely had worst. I would go back if someone wanted me to join them there, otherwise I have no interest to go back.
5	My favorite sushi joint. Service was great and the food is greater.Had all you can eat. Dollars well spent.
5	The three of us went there on a Saturday night celebrating our daughter's 21st birthday, sat at the Sushi Bar and got the all you can eat. This was some of the best sushi we've ever had - very fresh and very tasty. JJanga took great care of us - we let him decide what to serve us and eventually we had to tell him to stop feeding us! The Yellow Tail belly was amazing as were the rice-less rolls.Thanks JJanga for a fantastic evening.It was also great to see all the locals in there and the friendliness all around.
5	Sitting at the sushi counter was definitely the way to go here! The chefs were fun and personable, and kept passing us excellent creations from the AYCE menu. From poke two ways, to riceless rolls, and amazing yellowtail the sushi chefs made sure to fill our bellies with fish and not a ton of rice. The grapefruit sake was the perfect cleansing drink between courses. We were here at around 9pm on a Sat. night and it was busy but we had no trouble with excessive noise. this place is now on our short list of" must return" on our next Vegas trip! Thank you Jjanga for a truly great evening! You helped make it a great birthday dinner for our daughter!
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas I've found so far.I've been here a total of I believe 5 times. Today, pretty much everyone remembered me, which is nice. They are very friendly, personable, funny, but professional. The waiter and the (manager? Owner?) were very attentive, always checking on us without being overbearing, filling myself and my friends waters, sushi was fast, delicious, and fresh.I got an order of yellowtail nigiri, yuzu yellowtail. It's very interesting and I love it.My friend and I both got two rolls to ourselves (playboy special, kiss me roll, double d, and the Washington roll) one to split (tuna naruto) two special things the chefs made us, an order of the baby octopus, and two orders of mango mochi. Everything was delish. I left very full, but not gross full of like some other sushi places leave you feeling. They don't overload and swim their stuff in sauce and overload with rice, it's all just perfection.This is the best place I've found so far, nothing I've ever had was bad. I love me a choo choo special! ;)
5	The food is really delicious! Choo choo is super nice and made this experience exciting! He made me a special creation, which was amazing!!! Will defiantly return.
5	My favorite sushi place in Vegas! Can't go wrong with all you can eat quality sushi. Food came out quickly and entire staff was attentive and friendly. I HIGHLY recommend this place! Excellent customer service, fun decor, and most importantly delicious food!
4	Great service and food here.  The sushi chefs have great personalities.  The only complaint is they need to use more manage.  Okay actually 2, the all you can eat menu is a little bit limited but manageable.  Good grade tuna,  some of the best pond,  almost as good as sushi fevers.  Loved their mango mochi. What else,  it's worth  it.
4	Great place. Scott is a great guy takes care of his customers. Hickey has made us some amazing sushi.  My recommendation is let him do his thing and make what he enjoys.  Great atmosphere very casual and comfortable
3	The food was okay. It seemed like a nice setting. The one thing that ruined the mood of a pleasant atmosphere was one rude white male douchebag migonistic server.  My friend ordered the eel. When the plate was brought over he handed it to my other friend telling her it was chicken teriyaki.  The server came back telling us that is the eel,  when he said it was chicken.  After she already ate like half of eel ("chicken teriyaki") he wouldn't give my friend a new batch.  Telling her to share and just eat your food patronizing her like a child.  Also demanding she still pay after not eating her ate off food.
1	Great food .Worst male Caucasian server ever my. friend was served my meal and when he gave her rightful  meal he expected me to eat it. "EAT your Food".was what he told me and I stayed polite and asked for a new meal order He refused to give me a new plate that wasn't half eaten I didn't cause a scene and waited to pay for my bill classy and politely at the regester. I only paid for what I ate and didn't pay for the Eel.he yelled at me and had crude comments even said he'd call the cops I told him to I had done Nothing wrong.  He talked to his manager and told me I cost them 17.00usd. My friend told him to stop yelling at me I was on the verge of tears. Im not a rude person and I felt I was harrassed by his rude comments and the fact he kept looking down my friends shirt.The manager stood there on his cell the whole time.   ..
5	Amazing service, all of their fish tasted so fresh as if it was caught right before I ordered it.
5	Me and my three frienda found this, leaving LV after our spring break weekend. The sushi was rather cheap, and tasted fantastic! Two of us wefe vegetarian, the owner madr several tasty rolls for us. We also got complementary japanese ice creams when we were done eating, so tasty! I'm not a sushi expert, but I love decent sushi amd this place was a great restaurant to end our break!!
5	I came here for the first time with a friend who was visiting.At first it looked super sketchy because it was 10pm and dark outside and in the parking area. When we walked in, there was actually light inside and it felt vibrant being in there. The workers were super nice especially our server. We couldn't finish like 3 of our plates but he didn't want to charge us a la carte price so he told my friend while i was in the bathroom to just tell me he ate everything while i was in there LOL Good sushi, I don't know what makes it different from other AYCE sushi bar and restaurants other than the interior decor but it was still a good place to try. Dinner was about $27 a person. It's wprthit if you can eat a lot and they also have stamp cards! lol
2	Today's service was hit or miss....came in for lunch special and it took 25 minutes for the food. I should of sat at the bar for ayce.....would of gave it more stars but lack service.
1	I cannot emphasize this enough, but the service I experienced was SO bad. We had a small, young, korean girl as our waiter for the first 40 minutes, then all of a sudden, she just decides to disappear on us and leave our table. She would pass by our table and just smile at us like she had nothing to do with us. We waited for about 15-20 minutes to get another waiters attention and she didn't even seem apologetic at all. It was so unacceptable we had a waiter in training take our order (we didn't know until he told us.)There were 6 of us, and that could of been a huge tip but nooo. If you get a korean girl who is super small, be aware. When we went, we had on a blue ribbon beneath her bun. So disappointed because the rolls weren't bad at all.
4	If you are looking for AYCE sushi, fast with a bit of entertainment involved then this is your place.You walk in and from start to finish it is on blast.  I myself not fan, it is too loud and too in your face.  But for the younger crowd and none caring sushi fans Go for it! You walk in (we are sushi bar fans) and we felt a little accosted.  We are kind of attacked with food, we are just being handed plates and rolls randomly and can finally add our  choices to the mix.  I/we like to sit at the bar and choose our pieces selectively accordingly to our bar chef.  Well this is a AYCE and the food is great and fast and really fun.  I am giving the 4 stars on the AYCE scale not a high end sushi restaurant.
5	Loved the service & all the quality sushi, appetizer! I can't remember everything I ordered but I highly suggest picking random things!! Be adventurous :)
5	Jjanga is definitely a top sushi spot in Las Vegas! Great fun atmosphere and numerous rolls to choose from. Tons of fresh sushi and no-rice rolls. Under the "not spicy" section the Hawaiian and Alaskan rolls are super fresh! Their hand rolls are quite delicious as well (rather big so I only can eat half). I usually don't get baked or tempura rolls so I cannot comment on those but my friend loves the "tastes like your ex gf" roll and she even had two orders tonight! Highly recommended.
5	Super cool #1 sushi place in Las Vegas. Staff and food is without a doubt the best in Las Vegas. Ain't no other sushi place have sashimi on this place. This is now my only place to go for sushi couldn't ask anything more from an all you can eat sushi restaurant. You won't be disappointed, ya fool, ya fool.
5	I never heard about this sushi place until I ate here for a friend's birthday. It's kind of hidden away in the corner of the plaza so it was a bit hard to find. We came around midnight and I was expecting it to be crowded since it was a Friday night, but surprisingly it wasn't bad at all. We all got AYCE. My favorites would have to be the garlic tuna nigiri, the Threesome roll, the uni (of course!), the Cowboy roll, and shit I can't remember what else we ordered but we just kept on going. Their menu has so many items to choose from & everything we ordered was delicious! Except for my miso soup. Kind of watered down but hey no one goes to a sushi place just for miso soup.The nigiri fish-to-rice ratio was pretty good. There was more fish than rice, hallelujerrrr.There is also a bar & karaoke but I'm not sure when they hold karaoke nights. Our waiters were super funny & nice. Didn't even charge us for our leftovers :)A freaking + on this place. This is my new go-to for AYCE.
5	Tried JJANGA for the first time tonight. It was awesome! The decor of the restaurant is very nice and cool. Their menu has lots of yummy options. AYCE is a good deal AND they have a punch card with 11th AYCE free which is the best thing ever for those of us who are super addicted to AYCE sushi. They have lots of staff and they are the best I've experienced at any sushi place. They are super attentive and super fast. The food came out fast, the waiters/waitresses came around at the perfect times to take our orders, and they were really quick with taking away our empty plates. Staff were very friendly, enthusiastic, and down to earth. Will definitely be coming back often!
5	So basically, this place has a lot to offer from the large variety ayce menu to the quality of food and service. Some of the best food I've ever had was from this place, and is, hands down, the best sushi spot in town. The one item on the menu I can eat for days is their yuzu yellow tail. Talk about one of the best little creations ever. The smell, the bite, the size. Everything about it is...Orgasmic. Then there's the Mountain roll for all those who need a little something slightly cooked. And don't get me started on the oysters... Just go and give his place a shot. It'll be the best you ever took.
5	I don't know what write here, but it's one of the best sushi bar in the USA!Food is fresh!Service is excellent- they are very friendly and fast!If I will in Vegas one more time I come to this  godly place)
5	We found the best Sushi place actually better than Yamasushi everything is fresh service is good theres a guy that takes empty plates every 5 minutes Love it i hate eating good food on messy table Nate the asst mgr is super nice my bf actually liked him and thats not normal he always complains about service whereever we go and i had to tell Nate that. I went 2 more times after so thats 3x in one week. Oh and they have 11pm to 1am Happy Hour omg just perfect!!!
5	WOW FIVE STARS ALL THE WAY Great service Great cooks when I am in Vegas this is the place to have great Sushi all u can eat made fresh love it
5	Had sushi around the globe and this is one of the best! Been to Vegas before and found this totally by accident, seems to be a local's secret treat. Great atmosphere, quiet and cozy. Staff was very personable and the food quality was fresh and tasted excellent. Easy to locate and parking was not a problem since it is well off the strip. Good for non-sushi eaters too, choices other than sushi on the menu. Didn't try the All You Can Eat menu (available for lunch & dinner under $30) but had a few sushi rolls, miso soup, gyoza and the hibachi. Orders came fairly fast as compared to the average sushi place, even though they looked busy. Menu had plenty of choices and laid out in plain language what is contained in each roll. Will try their AYCE when we go back in a few months, since most of their rolls were $8.00, AYCE would be a better deal.
3	OverratedPros:   Cool service   Karaoke rooms   Fushion rolls (if you're into this kind of thing)   Sake and beer   Fish seemed fresh   Cons:   This place really built for AYCE. You can taste it in the quality of the fish.   Not a traditional Japanese restaurant (think Korean fushion rolls)
4	We had lunch here at the suggestion of a local friend of ours while visiting Las Vegas. Jjanga is a hidden gem, located in a Chinatown strip mall about 20 minutes off the strip. You'd have to be a local to know about it; but it's well worth seeking out! All you can eat sushi for $30 made me a bit nervous. There's nothing worse than bad sushi. But this was some of the freshest fish I've ever seen! The miso soup was yummy; but my son's yakisoba arrived with severely undercooked chicken. When it was brought to managements attention, they immediately apologized and took it off the bill. Overall, they lose one star for raw poultry, but still rate highly for great sushi at an amazing price.
1	I don't even want to give this place 1 star right now. I am so disgusted by the fact that I saw my server walking over to my table carrying my food and sneezed directly on the plates. I will never eat here again!
4	If you like Sushi...you definately have to eat here. The food is exceptional and the service is good. Trust me!
5	Service was second to none. Food is incredible. Ambience was just right. Came here at 12:15am and they know how to tend to walk-ins! The AYCE places in SoCal could definitely learn from this place. SHEESH! And when I ordered and ate a lot, the nice waiter said "you sure you done? You didn't eat much." Most places in SoCal would be like "you sure you can finish that?" So they're nice people too. The menu is extremely diverse and its selections are vast and clever. In conclusion, this place rocks! I will come back every time I go back to Vegas from now on. Thanks y'all!
5	Service was second to none. Food is so incredible. Ambience was just right. Came here at 12:15am and they know how to tend to walk-ins! The AYCE places in SoCal could definitely learn from this place. SHEESH! And when I ordered and ate a lot, the nice waiter said "you sure you done? You didn't eat much." Most places in SoCal would be like "you sure you can finish that?" So they're nice people too. The menu is extremely diverse and its selections are vast and clever. In conclusion, this place rocks! I will come back every time I go back to Vegas from now on. Thanks y'all! :)
5	I this was ourfirst time using the waiter was very patient recommended 10 different new items to try and was very helpful. I will not only be recommending as friends and family I'll be coming back for as long as this place stays open.
2	They asked us to leave our table because "20" other people were waiting. When we got up there were 6 people waiting. And they added in the gratuity themselves. I would have tipped a lot less after they asked a table of all you can eat orders to leave.
5	Love this place. The fish is so good. Their special rolls are unique and very tasty. Highly recommend the Big Easy Roll and Something Wrong #69.
5	WOW what an EPIC meal!  Hubs and I came here for AYCE sushi dinner and had to be rolled out.  Speaking of rolls, my only regret is not being able to try ALL of them.  The rolls all sounded so good and they were so creative with naming them!  Menu items like Burning Your Ass and the Playboy Special..FUN!  We only tried 2 rolls out of maybe 100 varieties because there were only 2 of us and the rolls were about 8 pieces each.  We ordered the Cowboy Special (since there was a cowboy convention this weekend in Vegas) and the Big Easy.  I really really wish I had my AYCE sushi buffet loving family of piggies back home in Toronto with me for this so we'd be able to try EVERYTHING!  This was definitely the BEST AYCE sushi dinner I've ever had.  Mind you I have no basis of comparison for the other AYCE sushi places in Nevada but I've probably eaten almost all of them back home in the Greater Toronto Area (there are a LOT of them there) and this one is no comparison.  The quality of the fish was excellent for an AYCE and they even had premium items on the menu like Tobiko, Uni, Amaebi, Beef Tataki, and Oysters.  Sure you were limited to 1 order (2 pieces) per person of these premium offerings but kudos for putting them on the menu in the first place.  We ate mostly off the Nigiri and Appetizer sections of the menu because of the small sizes and wanting more variety to try different things.  We also tried all of the special sashimi - all yummy!  I loved that even their simple sushi was not simple.  It wasn't simply a piece of fish slapped on top of rice.  Oh no, the fish was first perfectly seasoned, then placed on the rice (i.e. garlic tuna sushi - soooo good).  Also liked that their 1 serving portions were small so you were able to try different things.  I'm sure it wasn't easy making a dish with only 3 little baby octopuses on it.  They could have piled more on in one serving forcing you to be full on less items making it easier for the chefs.  And each item came out fresh and piping hot too.  Almost forgot to mention they have ICE CREAM MOCHI in the dinner dessert menu!  I LOVE ice cream mochi!  Drool!  Only downside was only 1 per person :(  We tried the green tea and mango.  Both were excellent.  Might have to drop in one more time before I leave sin city.  Ever consider opening up one north of the border?  Please?  :)Omg how did I finish the review without praising the amazing hospitality from the servers?!?!  A server came by every few minutes to ensure everything was OK, drinks were topped up and see if we wanted more food!  Also everything that we ordered came out exactly as ordered and fast.  This might seem like a weird comment but in AYCE sushi places in Toronto its quite common that you put in an order and it doesn't come out so you order again and all of a sudden you get double your order.  OK, this time I am done :).
5	I had heard many good things about this new sushi place called jjanga. I knew that it had replaced the old restaurant Shobu that was there - for this reason, I was not really sure if I wanted to go eat at this sushi place, because I thought it would just be the same as Shobu but just a new name. But when nurses and doctors of all races were raving about how fresh the sushi was and how good everything was on the menu, I knew I had to check it out. When I first arrived, I was seated immediately, but then the seat was taken from me haha The waiter did not know there was a waitlist and apologized like 10x for the mistake. It wasnt a big deal, because we were seated within 10 minutes anyways. The decor of the place is exactly the same as the restuarant that used to be there, except there are pictures of all the sushi chefs on the walls - really huge pictures of them as if youre in an episode of iron chef! My friends and I chose the AYCE option - dinner is 24.95 and I think lunch was only 21.95. There were lots of choices to choose from, especially in the appetizer section. I have never seen an appetizer menu that big and full of different things. I probably tried about half the things on it! They come out in very small portions so its perfect in that you can try a little bit of everything without getting too stuffed! When our sushi started to come out, I noticed that the rice to fish ratio was great! More fish than rice is always a good thing. Also, the fish was very fresh and so dericious. They don't do half orders though. oh well. If you have trouble picking something, the waiters are more than willing to help you pick something. Just tell them what youre feeling or what types of fish you want with what type of style and BAM! they tell you what you should get hahaI am definitely coming back here again!!! They also have a happy hour session that I am planning on trying out!!!
3	Certain items were better than others. Just got really annoyed with waiter/ess coming every 2-3 mins and when I actually need them I waiting 10 min before they came. Just annoyed. Overall decent just wouldn't give it 5 stars.
5	My friend referred me to this place as the "Best possible Sushi in Las Vegas." At first I was skeptical since there are many Sushi spots in Vegas, so I figured why not? Everything from the atmosphere, to the servers and then ultimately the food is 5-Star. Me and a few friends did AYCE and ordered numerous dishes ranging from appetizers, sashimi, rolls, and then dessert. We could NOT find a dish that we didn't love. Overall, I would have to agree that this is by far the best Sushi place in Las Vegas, bar-none. P.S. If you have a chance make sure you order the "Choo Choo Special" have fun!
4	I've heard great things about this place and live nearby, but am very loyal to my favorite sushi chef at another place... or I was. I've been avoiding him since I found this place, with an extensive menu, innovative rolls, and super-fresh fish!Menu has a lot to explore, and I love that the rolls aren't just your standard "special" rolls on everyone else's menu in town. The cowboy roll with seared beef on top especially caught my attention. Mega bonus points for having SIX RICELESS ROLLS! SAY WHAT!? Unheard of, and they're almost all delicious. Freshmen Roll, Spring Mountain Roll, and Tuna Naruto are my favorites in this category. The handrolls and "burritos" are huge and delicious- pick from the Monkey Roll or go classic with salmon skin. Side and appetizer dishes here are also pretty unique (ask for several of the mushroom ball), and the nigiri is thick-cut and delicious- appreciate how they use a proportionate amount of rice rather than gigantic mounds, as found elsewhere in town. AYCE lunch price (til 3PM) is a super-reasonable $21, dinner is open til 2AM and goes up to $27- adds extra dishes like uni and amaebi nigiri, grilled mackerel, sashimi or poke salad, and mochi for dessert. Bummed that the mochi isn't available at lunch price, wish they'd add some desserts as they are a bit lacking in this area.
5	I had heard that this place was good, but I wanted to try it out for myself. It's not good, it's excellent. The ingredients are fresh, the service is on it, and the food is great.The restaurant is clean and inviting, a nice atmosphere to enjoy your meal in.Not even hearing the Korean version of "Footloose " on the house system gave me a negative feeling.
5	I only leave a review for 1 and 5 star places and this is a 5 star place!!!!Fresh fish like I was at a a la cart sushi place.Go see JJANGA along with Choo Choo, Koo Koo and Hickey.Just ask for few of yer favs and let these guys choose the rest for you. It also helps if yer sitting at the bar :)
5	RAVE!!!Jjanga is a sushi oasis in the middle of the desert!!!We saddled up to the bar, b/c the place was packed, only to be served by JJANGA himself!!!!  Vegas luck baybee!After selecting all you can eat, we were stumped by choice and items titled "Slap your momma" and "slap your mother in law". No matter. Jjanga asked us if we had any allergies (NO!) and liked spicy food (YES!)  and swept us right up into sashimi heaven. Between bites and murmurs of pleasure, we watched dish after dish appear... and disappear. Most were works of art and ultimately the subject of a snapchat portfolio of images. All looked too good to eat. ALMOST...So... here's where I pull the "my-partner's-Asian, we're foodies-from-NY, have-lived-in-Cali, eaten-our-way across-Asia-yadda-yadda" card and say how much we were BOTH IMPRESSED  by the flavors, and freshness of the plates JJ served that night. So hyped that we tried to get him to open a spot in DC. Lucky for y'all in Las Vegas he declined. JJ: if your reading this, the offer still stands! Reverse manifest destiny and find your fortune!!!Fellow gourmands and friends in the feast: get your butts off the strip and head to Jjang for Unforgettable, melt in your mouth sushi and an experience that whet's all five senses!GOOD EATS (and more) at JJANGA!
5	First time and this will definitely not be the last. Great meal wonderful service along with atmosphere. If you enjoy sushi this is the place to go.
2	AYCE sushi: The sushi is very good. Expect to wait for a long time for the food. The sushi menu isn't too diverse or different. Most sushi rolls are the same with 1 or 2 differences from another sushi roll that's on the menu. The ordering time is 45 mins for lunch. Order A LOT when they initially take your order. Also, keep track of what you order, chances are.. You will not get it.Service: Not the best in the world. The staff are so so. I actually witnessed the staff argue with a customer about the wait time. "Sorry, you have never waited for food? We are busy".
2	20 Minute wait per dish. Never coming here again. Food is decent but if it takes this long who is going to wait. I got sick of waiting I left in the middle and went to a different restaurant. You CANNOT make people wait this long and expect people to be happy.
5	Definitely the best all you can eat japanese sushi place I've been to. The portion is small which allows you to try varies different items. Each dish is very well made and delicious.  My favorite include uni, sweet shrimp, sweet sticky rice, Grand Canyon baked roll, agedashi tofu, etc. Price is very reasonable $20 lunch and $25 dinner. Service is also really great. Our server patiently explained the different appetizers and recommended varies items that turn out to be really good.
4	Stopped by for lunch on a recent trip, and sat at the sushi bar for the AYCEVery impressed with the freshness, the speed of service, and the variety offered for the AYCE.  Tried a couple of the no rice rolls, the cucumber wrap made it difficult for the roll to hold together, but the freshness and crisp nature really went well with the other flavors in the rolls.Though I saw 4 sushi chefs at the bar when I came in, Sponge was doing almost all the preparation, that might slow things down a bit on a real busy day, but for the most part I was getting plates before the prior plate was finishedDefinitely a place I will try to get back to on my next trip out
1	We decided to try JJANGA instead of going to our usual AYCE sushi spot, goyemon, because of the 5-star reviews on yelp.Food was descent. Customer service is terrible. When we first got there, we were greeted by (who we think is) the manager. Our initial food and drink orders were taken and came very promptly. Our waiter was distracted as every time I looked up at him taking our order, he was zoned out looking elsewhere. After our food came, no one came to check on us. Just bussers clearing the table. We saw more of them than our actual server. When we finally flagged someone down to order, he notified us that there was no uni. Imagine how much this angered me after already waiting about 20 minutes with no service. By this point we just asked for the check and the quickest thing they did all night was grab my credit card off the table.I work in the service industry and understand that sometimes there are circumstances beyond your control that affect your quality of service. However, the restaurant was not busy and I couldn't find any other excuse.Go to goyemon instead.
5	Jjanga is a fantastic discovery. Wonderful food and more importantly, excellent service. For comparison, my father and I were in the mood for sushi, so we made a reservation at Jjanga in Chinatown, and a certain pan-Asian bistro, at a Forbes Five Star property, on Las Vegas Boulevard. Both reservations were made online and both noted my father's nut allergy. The following morning, Jjanga sent us a personal email, thanking us for the reservation, expressing their pleasure in our choosing to dine with them, and what items on the menu contained nuts. I replied to this email, a short thank you of sorts, and even received a personal confirmation for this. The restaurant on the Forbes Five Star property made no such connection, genuine sense of interest, or anticipatory service. At that point, we completely cancelled our reservation with the bistro on Las Vegas Boulevard and committed to Jjanga. Once your inside, such attentive service continues. Our waitress essentially greeted us at our table, immediately took our drink orders, and visited us several times. We were not a special party though, we could see her and the rest of the wait staff constantly running about the venue, never once stopping. Regarding the cuisine, some may say that the sushi menu lacks diversity. I guess that is true in regards to the specific kinds of fish served, but the combinations and pairings of ingredients create a hearty and fruitful selection. Jjanga even seems to acknowledge this limitation, for it does not offer specifically sashimi options on the menu, instead dedicating space to rolls, non-rice rolls, and unique creations. A true mark of culinary skill is working around a boundary with apparent ease. Before reading the other reviews, I had forgotten the lack of strictly sashimi options. Who cares? For a traditional Japanese sushi joint in - let's remember - the God damn desert, my palate was excellently entertained.As my father said in regards to the atmosphere, Jjanga "lacks pretension." Jjanga is dedicated to the food and service, without being too serious for sushi novices and out-of-state visitors. Everyone is welcome and appreciated, and the decor reflects that in a playful yet tasteful following of Vegas's themed design, which offers several seating options that can feel more private and intimate. It says, "We know you're here to have fun, so here's something just a taste kitsch, but properly cozy too."Jjanga is a place for locals as well as vistors, so casual attire is most appropriate. That said, if you're travelling from the Boulevard, to taste something authentic and a little warmer, maybe show the respect to put on a jacket and some nice shoes like you would have at a comparable place at a hotel-casino. Jjanga maybe be more casual than some of those options, but it's still a class act that can compete with any Boulevard venue.
5	I have come to Jjanga for over a year now. They have the best Sushi in all of Las Vegas! Make sure and ask for Nate- he will give you the best service hands down!! My favorite Sushi spot in Vegas
4	I wish I could give this 4.5 stars. The food here is about 3.5 stars. The AYCE deal is pretty great; tons of special rolls and sushi, appetizers, and desserts to choose from and everything gets made pretty quickly and to your table so you don't run out of time. (You get 1 hour of ordering time for dinner, which really is quite enough if you're ordering a couple to several things at a time). I have had many items here that were delicious, almost every single roll and cut of fish has been excellent. The only roll I didn't like was the Red Rock--it has some sort of sweet-ish sauce that just didn't work for me. Unfortunately, I had to finish it or pay a la carte price for it due to AYCE rules.It's the service here that really rocks. There are several servers roaming at all times, taking orders from everyone (which makes sense, since they don't have to keep track of prices for each table). That means it never takes more than a few seconds for an empty plate to get picked up, an empty glass to be filled, or an order for more food to be taken. Everyone is super friendly, efficient, and really obviously trying to make sure you have a good experience. That accounts for much of the high rating for me.
5	This place blew me away!! Came in on a Saturday night and it was packed. Food was great! Service was top notch. Our server always had a smile, she was also attentive. The manager was also nice and courteous. We will definitely be back.
5	Want Great Sushi away from the strip crowd and overpriced items? Come here! Their AYCE is the best deal! I come here at least once a month, perhaps every other week is more accurate. Things to try off their menu:garlic tunaYozu Yellowtails (refreshing, lemon-y yellowtail)XXXTaste like your ex GFMonkey BurritoJjanga burritoPink ladytuna naruto (sauce on the side, if you like it less messy)I have been following Jjanga since his days at Sumo on Warms springs! I'm glad him and his crew went on their own, so they fully explore what they can do with sushi.Honestly you cannot go wrong with anything, depending on your taste. Also had the Bulgogi on the menu, sometimes it can be very onion-rich, but it's still good.If you are in Vegas for a visit and want good off-strip food, this place should be on your must list!
3	I enjoyed my meal very much. The environment was very casuals but still could be a great place for a date night. My sushi was very pretty and delicious. My bf enjoyed his unagi bowl and had plenty of unagi for the price.I found it funny that when my bf asked for soda the waiter responded with "you mean tea?" That was totally not what was asked. One negative thing is that we waited forever for my sister's chicken katsu...i think they forgot to make it because it took a little longer when we inquired about her dish... and also it took forever to get our check. We had to ask twice to get it. Thus, this spot gets 3 stars. It was good but I won't be coming back any time soon.
4	A great dinner option that will keep you full and inexpensive.  Service needs improvement but since it's an ayce place, it's inevitable that orders will get mixed up. Other than that, the ayce menu has many tasty options. It's worth trying if you have a car. It does get crowded on the weekends.
5	Amazing!  We came here Sunday at 2:30p and paid lunch buffet prices . The fish was very fresh! I've been to Japan and am usually very wary about going to sushi restaurants.... And a sushi buffet none the less. Anyways the food is top notch... I would get Salmon and eel nigari, money burrito, and anything on the shrimp tempura slide.
1	I would give this fucking sushi restaurant a 0 star. The foods, fish and sushi are taste so bad. The fish is warm and not fresh and octopus ect... taste rubbery and I could not chew so I have to spitted it out. I had AYCE for dinner $28 with tax. I was wasted my money and very disappointed. The reason I came to this place is bcuz I checked on yelp and saw 4 stars and some good reviews so I decided to check it out for myself and found out the foods are tasted so bad. I almost puked. After I left the restaurant feeling headache and stomache. I would NEVER COME TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. Even for free, no thankyou. Please DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE. U  WILL WASTED YOUR MONEY . I am telling u the truth. U should listen to me. I have been dined in so many AYCE sushi restaurants but this place is a shit hole. Fucking disgusting. Anyway, I lost $28 for eating nasty foods and not enjoying it. I have made a wrong decision and a wrong choice to come to this place.Fucking disgusting. I should have listened to my instinct.
5	Jjanga is a fabulous sushi restaurant. It has a great selection of fresh fish. My personal favorite wherever I go would be the garlic tuna. They also have this yuzu yellowtail, which has just the perfect amount of tang. The service here is not the reason why I come back. The servers are not very interactive and they become negligent as the night goes on. They tend to forget to refill drinks or take new orders when you have already made your first order of AYCE. Also, the a la carte menu is actually very decently priced for the sushi. I went in one day and I wasn't too hungry so I ordered a la carte and I was full and satisfied. However, for future note, you cannot upgrade from a la carte to AYCE. The oysters served here are odd-tasting compared to other locations because they put the fish eggs on them (and I personally hate fish eggs LOL). Overall, the restaurant has a great selection of rolls and nigiri. This place does not offer a lot for dessert though. You can only order one mochi per person. But the ice cream here is literally the best thing here! It is so rich, creamy and buttery. One time I went with my boyfriend and friend and we had a pretty large meal of nigiri, appetizers, soups, and salads. We also ordered three mochi (green tea and mango), and my friend started out with one red bean ice cream and one vanilla ice cream. And the ice cream was so good, we ended up order a total of 2 red bean ice creams, 2 vanilla ice creams, 1 green tea ice green, and 1 chocolate ice cream (this is for three people LOL). The chocolate ice cream had little oreo bits in it and it was so delicious. Overall, great place to dine. I used to go to Goyemon and Sushi on Tropicana but this place trumps all the others by a long shot. PS. If you're going to try the wings, do NOT get the spicy or the lemon pepper one. The only good one is the garlic wings. The lemon pepper wing was too overpowering and the "spicy" wing had a weird ketchup sauce on it that tasted like the "sweet n sour" sauce for pork ribs or chicken. It is not very good at all.
5	Amazingly fast and great quality, best quality food and service. I can not explain how crazy good this place is. The service is awesome. Get all you can eat, or a la carte... make sure you eat everything. It
3	The sushi here is always very creative and yummy, and the decor makes for a nice environment to bring anyone to--even a casual date. Im giving them 3 stars because recently I've had pretty bad service. It appears the servers don't work sections or even tables. I had a group of 6 and we had four or five different people putting in orders and checking on us throughout the night. This worked out at first, but then of course we started getting ignored. I guess each server thought the other was checking on them, but it wasn't happening. We waited almost 45 minutes before flagging someone down to keep ordering sushi and to get a roll we head ordered what seemed like ages ago. Everyone was super friendly it's just inefficient. After all this flagging down we had to do, they of course tacked on a 20% gratuity and told us we could only split the check 3 ways, causing us to have to work out with each other who will be paying for who. All of this is making me less likely to return.
5	Our favorite sushi place!  The fish is fresh and amazing and service is fast and staff are very attentive!  Our whole family loves this place and it's the only spot we go to for sushi...  The location isn't the best, but honestly the only place we go to for sushi.  WE love all the fish, but my kids love all the other appetizers on the menu - especially the baby octopus and crab balls.  The most important thing is that for sushi - the fish needs to be fresh... and it is!
4	We were a little hesitant at first. . .man at the front was a little stand offish and kept grimacing at us.  Then my FIL bit into what looked like plastic but turned out to be a mussel shell. Manager apologized profusely and sent over free sashimi. . .food was excellent and service (except for guy at the front) was friendly.  If the guy at front was friendlier it would get 5 stars. . .first impressions so important!
1	THE ABSOLUTE WORST LOW GRADE SUSHI AND SERVICE IN  ALL OF CLARK COUNTY!! This place failed on all levels!! Don't believe any of the positive reviews on this sushi place, they must be fluffing them. Food? FAIL! service? MAJOR MAJOR FAIL!! Ambiance? FAIL! Place is awful! The sushi is low grade garbage when you even get it. They totally ignored our table! I am not even kidding, my daughter never even got her food in 52 minutes and we asked them 5 times and every time it was, "don't worry" what does that even mean? She only ordered Ikura and Masago. The plates came out one at a time every 15 to 20 minutes. Omg! They must be manipulating the reviews Yelpers! My wife and I are sushi snobs and we figured we would check it out because of the reviews on yelp, boy were we disappointed! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!! This was the first time in my 49 years of eating that I did not even tip 1cent, as a matter of fact, I honestly feel the server owes me money! I repeat... ***The absolute worst*** don't waste your time or money on this failure!
2	Lunch is $20.95 all you can eat. (Dinner is $25.95 with sashimi)Quality of the food: 3.5 stars, sushi was okay, sadly lunch doesn't have sashimi, many variety of rolls and appetizers.Taste of the food: 4 stars, all of the food that we ordered was pretty good. Service: 2 stars, waiter doesn't seem to speak English well, our orders was forgotten many times, and we had to order 2-3 times until we get what we ordered, also waiter ignored us many times when we tried to order/ask for water)Waiting time: 0.5 star, each dish took more than 10 mins to arrive to our table. We ordered 3 times miso soup and cold tofu, but we still did not receive after 2 hours of wait. (It was Friday lunch time, restaurant was not full)Over all: if you don't mind the wait time and some confusion over ordering food you can give it a try, but if you want to bring your friends and try to impress them, you will leave disappointed with a full stomach of wait time instead of food.
5	One of the best AYCE sushi joints you can find in the west part of Vegas! My last visit was one of my most enjoyable AYCE experiences at a reasonable price. All of the rolls were unique and creative. Not one of the rolls was left unfinished. Their nigiri was fresh tasting except for the uni.. Which was a shame! But at least the fish to rice ratio was just right.. Only a little bit of rice with a nice cut of fish. My group came in around 7-8pm and it was pretty busy! It's my second time here so we'll see how today's Dinner AYCE compares to last time's experience!1/8/2015:Came in around 3:30pm.. With a group of 4. Kind of empty.. And seemed like a few sushi chefs in the back were working at a steady pace. The first thing I noticed was that our food came out at a much slower pace.. Practically one plate/roll at a time with pauses in between. Me being an AYCE type of guy, this "portion control" kind of bothers me. Didn't experience that last time. Although it's not too much of an issue because everything that came out was delicious! The favorites for nigiri were the yuzu yellowtail, Cajun albacore, beef tataki and the garlic tuna. Even the uni had a much fresher taste. Each roll was pretty good, too. Don't remember the names, although I did prefer the special rolls over and of their baked/fried rolls. Also, the baked mussels and the oysters were pretty basic but tasty nonetheless. Other dishes/appetizers that stood out were the mini pork steak?? the baby octopus and the baked dynamite.Also beware!! They sometimes either miss an item or forget your order.. This probably doesn't happen to everyone, but just a little reminder to the waiter/waitress is a simple solution.All in all this place does it for me! Although, I keep this place in rotation when it comes to AYCE. There are too many sushi joints in this town to keep count.. This place deserves a solid 4.5 for the food and ambience. Plus, they have stamp cards for AYCE
