3	Balboa Pizza Company can be a fun place to pop in when you've been out and about in The District and need a quick bite to eat.  However based on a variety of reasons I had to give it 3 stars.  There are many kinds of pizza.  At Balboa they serve some kind of alternative interpretation which in my opinion isn't a winner.  They do however delicious pizza bread sandwiches which are served with fresh chips.  The chips aren't as good as their Maui Waui fries w/ jalapenos and onions and queso dip.  I have never been comfortable in this restaurant do to the fact the seating is made up of hardwood bench booths.  If you like to play video poker and drink beer they have a bar which accommodates these functions (neither of which is my style).
5	Balboa has been one of my favorite hangouts since I moved here about 3 years ago. It's open 24 hours AND it's in Henderson, which makes it a popular hangout. The pizza is amazing (I get bbq chicken EVERY time). I also like how on spring/summer nights, the bar will open to the outside patio and you can just hang out with your friends and have a few drinks. The servers and bartenders are always very friendly and helpful. Their Maui Waui fries are AMAZING as well...highly recommend those. My friends and I find ourselves making pit stops here after long nights out, and we want to get a delicious pizza and sober up with some glasses of water and lemon.
4	I love Balboa's. They have a small dining area with very friendly staff. There is an outdoor patio with bar service via an open window section. Happy hour drinks are awesome and the pizza pretty gourmet for the price. My favorite is the artichoke and roasted garlic pizza. The crust is thin and crisp the white sauce savory and the toppings sweet and somewhat tart. Great balance. It's very casual and during off hours a quiet place to meet up with friends. It does get a little crowded during the peek hours. Even busy it's worth a try. I give it a thumbs up!
5	I love Balboa pizza...I am addicted to the artichoke, sundried tomato, roasted garlic and spinach pizza.  The house salad is also very fresh, with chopped iceberg, diced tomatoes, fresh BASIL, pecans, and a light ranch drizzle...yum!  One pizza is enough for 2 people, add a salad if hungry and dinner is still cheap.  By yourself and it leaves you a second meal!!I also LOVE the tropical iced tea (same tea that Cheesecake Factory serves) and the service and bartending are GREAT!  Good place to watch sports at the bar, and Tuesdays it is 2 for 1 pizzas!  There are other beer happy hours as well.  Best is it is open 24 hours!!
5	One of the best pizza joints (and other goodies!) in Vegas!One of the things I have noticed about this city is that it is so hard to find a place to get quality pizza. If you go through a national chain like Pizza Hut or Papa John's, you get what you pay for - mediocre, pre-made slop. Balboa's is located at The District at Green Valley Ranch. Not only do they have awesome food, but the service is excellent. They are always friendly, prompt, and attentive. Everything tastes fresh, delicious, and yummy. My mom and I were there today and everything was (near) perfect. The only small complaint I have is that the crust of the pizza we both ordered was a little bit burnt, but it was nothing major. The pizza was still yummy as always. We also ordered an appetizer of fried shrimp and French fries, and we each had a salad, which was also excellent. The price of the food is also reasonable. I only wish they delivered, but they do offer carry-out.This is an excellent place to have either lunch or dinner (and even breakfast from what I saw on the menu, but I haven't tried it yet - I'm sure that's just as good as everything else). The atmosphere is laid-back, relaxed, and comfortable. It's also a great place to go grab some cocktails at the bar. So next time you're down in Green Valley and want to hang out and get some terrific grub and drinks, stop by Balboa's. Highly recommended! :-)
2	I tried this place for the second time yday, but I'm still having trouble getting excited about it. Things we tried:Chicken wings (mild): Nothing special. I honestly prefer PT"s wings.Coconut shrimp with maui fries: coconut shrimp were alright, but the fries sucked. They were limp and greasy and tasteless. Pizza/salad combo: Caesar salad had a weird taste to it. Maybe some would like it, I didn't. The pizza was very *eh*. If I'm doing the "mini" pizza thing in the future I will always do BJ's instead. $5 during happy hour and far tastier!!Oh and screw them for ending happy hour at 6 PM. $4 for a freaking Coors Light at 6:15 is depressing. It's not like we're on the strip!
3	Decent pizza, my husband really enjoyed the wings (Jamaican and Original).  But way too expensive in my opinion, 18 bucks for two little orders of wings alone?  Our bill after the tip came to over 40 bucks for some wings, a smalll pizza and two sodas.  I'd expect that from some strip place, but come on, Henderson?  So unfortunately probably won't be returning too often due to the high prices.
4	i've only been to this place once, but i'm totally a fan of their chicken pesto pizza! it's the best i've had and in CALI i'm always in search of a comparable one and haven't found one yet... !!! my friends never want to drive out to green valley (come on- we've been driving 6 hours, what's another 30 min?) but one day, i'll be back!!!
4	As a California native, and beach and pizza lover, I was pretty excited to check this place out. Heard about it on Yelp while researching places near my hotel a GVR. If you are at GVR reading this now, log off, go to Balboa and eat something!These surfers have perfected the California pizza. It's like CPK was Count Doku, and this is Vader. Leaner, meaner, tastier. I started the meal off with an order of their fresh potato chips with jalapeno cheese. It was so damn good. If you've never had freshly sliced and baked chips, order them (About $5). For dinner, Maria and I shared a flat-bread Hawaiian pizza, with another side of the jalapeno cheese. What?! Don't judge me, it was that good.The pizza was washed down with Fat Tire draft beer, fresh and ice cold. Total price for apps, drinks, and dinner for 2 people was less than $30. Service was fast and attentive, clientele is a mix of tourists and locals. You can tell that he owners are trying hard to generate business and make this a more popular spot. I'm not sure if the mediocre "District" shopping area or the recession is to blame, but on a recent Sunday night visit there were only about 15 total diners in the place. Let's hope they survive.
4	Balboa has great food and great service. Very Cali feel to the bar and overall vibe inside the resturant. Don't sleep on any of their chicken menu items. Everything from the BBQ chicken pizza to the wings and ceasar salads are amazing.
3	We visited Balboa Pizza because we were in The District and I had a coupon. Good thing, too, because the prices are one or two dollars more than comparable items at other restaurants. This may not seem like a lot extra but it does add up.At any rate, the dining area is small and there is no separation from the bar. So, if you want to talk to the other people at your table or have small children, do not visit on a game day. Other than that, the place is nice.I had the All American Pizza Bread Sandwich (minus the roast beef and mustard but I added 1000 Island Dressing which I had not requested but was included on the plate) with french fries and a side of ranch dressing. The sandwich was great and the fries were good plus the portions of each were very large. My problem was the extra charge for fries instead of potato chips and the charge for the ranch - especially since I did not have the roast beef or mustard on the sandwich. I understand that the ordering system is all computerized and additions add to your bill while deletions do not deduct but and extra $2.50 - really? My husband had a pepperoni pizza. He said is was nice (as you know this is a compliment from him) and there were plenty of leftovers. The toddler also really enjoyed the pizza and fries.Now, for the service - really not impressed. I am not sure if there was only one waiter or if the other server was so sneaky that I did not see them until the end of our meal. However, even if there is only one server, the dining area is tiny and he should not have had a problem taking care of the tables that were occupied. We had to flag him down for drink refills. You know this is a pet peeve of mine. He was busy cleaning all the tables around us with his head down, not glancing over to see if we needed anything. He was pleasant enough, just not very attentive. Overall, the food was good and the slow service was not a deal breaker. The prices, however, could be an issue. I do have a couple of more coupons so we will return and on Tuesday they have a 2-for-1 pizza deal which I will try. If you happen to be at The District, it is worth a try.
5	Amazing pizza for being thin crust and the bread the roast beef sandwich is served on is great too. Makes me wish I was more local.  I'm a huge fan!
4	YUM!I love their spicy chicken fingers because they are crispy. Their fries..I think they are called Maui wowwi or something..they have grilled onions and jalapenos on them and are delicious! The california sliders are good. It's a pizza place but I like all of the other items on the menu more. The pizza is not bad, just not my fav. A fun place to meet up with friends before or after the movies.
5	The prices went up a wee bit, but the selection has increased, it is still 24 hours, the tropical iced tea still is refreshing, and I can walk here.  No complaints!  Eric R. jokes that he moved to the area simply because when he visited me, I took him to Balboa so much.Tonight we split a house salad and one of the new additions to the menu, the goat cheese pizza.  It was goat cheese baked onto the pizza with caramelized onions (such a depth of flavor, I almost felt like I was eating UMAMI itself!) topped with mixed field greens, more goat cheese crumbles, walnuts, and drizzled balsamic vinaigrette.  We devoured the pizza so fast.  I think it is my new favorite!
4	I love this place the food is great. The people are so friendly and I had the best service fro Andrea. She was so nice and funny. I really liked the atmosphere and food. I will continue to come here.
2	Had dinner here tonight.  Won't be in a rush to be back.  Food was just okay.  I had Jamaican jerk wings and my wife had a regular pizza and salad.  Not a lot of flavoring in the food, I need flavor.
4	The pizza is good but that's not the first thing I want when I come here.  I love their homemade potato chips!  The chips are delicious and dusted with parmasean cheese and they come with any or all of the dipping sauces; rance, onion, cheese.  As I said before, Delicious!  The Maui Waui fries are pretty darn tasty as well.  There are a number of different types of pizza, a bit reminiscent of CPK but I think there is a better selection here.  The pizzas are very good but sometimes I think the crust is a bit soggy around the middle area.  Good beers on tap and a pretty good Happy Hour.  Tuesdays are 2 for 1 pizzas and that is definitely worth it!
5	For a midnight craving you need to stop by Balboa and get your food groovy on. The late shift Scott will take care of you! The food and service was awesome.  I give this place a five star and believe me im a very picky person when it come to pizza... love it love it love it'll...
4	One of the best pizza I've had.  We ordered the Sundried Tomato & Spinach, Artichoke Heart w/ Roasted Garlic Cream Sauce - DELICIOUS.The Hawaiian BBQ wings were very good too.Decor was very "beachy" - that's a good thing.They do have TV's in every wall, so if you in for watching sports, it might be a very good choice.
2	Wasn't that impressed.  I ordered a spicy sausage and mushroom pizza for take-out last night.   While the toppings and cheese were fine (four stars), the crust was like a mushy pancake and there was very little red sauce.  I could have ordered it well done, and that might have improved the crust but I'm not sure.   Guess I was just looking for a more New York style, bubbling crackling crust pizza.  Oh well.
3	Good Place to grab lunch! Went here for lunch on Thursday and it was pretty empty.... we sat at the bar because I wanted to play video poker. We ordered chicken wings to start... good and meaty.  Would definitely order these again with a beer next time. (It was lunch time so I stuck to a soft drink.)I had the California Wrap with the upgraded Onion Rings.  (I had asked for the mayo sauce to be on the side....but they didn't get that right... however, I wasn't going to make a stink about it.... but that's why they didn't get a 4-star review.)The wrap was fantastic!  The chicken was warm, the avocado was ripe and creamy.... the sprouts added a nice texture and crunchiness that I totally dug... and it had bacon... and everything is better with bacon.  It was also big enough that I only ate 1/2 of it and took the other half home.The onion rings were great too... big and not greasy.  And the breading was not over powering....meaning there was actually onions in the onion rings.The husband had the chicken chopped salad and while I didn't get to taste it... it didn't look all that appetizing... it was really blank looking.Since this place doesn't get slammed like other places for lunch, is reasonable and has a good menu... I know we'll be back.
4	Haven't been here in at least 6 months cuz the service was horrible...waitress (not the horrible one) remembered what I eat...impressive or they have my picture on a dartboard in back! The food however is excellent as always!
3	i'd give balboa a 3.5 if i could. came here on tuesday night to meet up with a friend before the movies. the service was great. they knew my friend from being a regular there. we shared some maui waui fries because everybody i know raves about them. to me they were just eh. maybe i had some other image in my head from what people have said or maybe my expectations were just too high. they were alright, but nothing what people i know made them out to be. we also shared some spicy sausage and fresh mushrooms pizza along with the caprese pizza. i am usually a huge fan of caprese pizza, but again, this one didn't wow me. it was okay. my mom enjoyed it though. i happened to LOVE the spicy sausage pizza though. i even ate half of it and didn't realize it. i would be back for that. i'd even be willing to try some other pizza on their menu. tuesday is buy one pizza get one pizza free. can't really beat that deal over at the district before a movie.
2	I Used to really like it here, but the pizza was not what I remember this last time. The pizza dough appeared to be processed and frozen, there was almost zero sauce and it wasn't cooked through, dough was almost raw inside.
3	Balboa definitely fills my late night need for pizza.  Their pizza is good, but not great.  Sometimes the crust is overly soggy, making the toppings slide right off.  Some of the specialty pizzas are kind of icky.  However, I get their supreme pizza (or whatever they call it there) and sub jalapenos for the ham... and I'm pretty fond of it.  It's an ok place, but a bit overpriced for what you get.
4	One of our local favs. The shrimp tacos are so yummy!
4	The first thing I have to point out for pizza snobs, like myself: This is California style pizza, but has to be the best California style pizza I've ever had.I've eaten here since it first opened, and the quality is not only good, but it's consistently  good. Why not great? Because it is California style pizza which is kind of boring on the palette compared to it's North East cousins but if you give them the that leeway then you're in for a pleasant surprise.Going back to the quality, which is consistently good, I've never had a pizza there which was under cooked or overly cooked and never had a dinner companion (date, friends, family, etc) walk away with any complaints.The wait service has never let me down, except for the times the hostess station has been left abandoned for an extended amount of time when waiting to be seated or picking up take out.The price is kind of on the high side for this type of pizza and it's size, but given it's location (The District) it's understandable and possibly warranted to produce same the same consistency in quality. I could easily eat a whole one myself, but the girlfriend and I are satisfied splitting a pizza after starting off with a small salad each.4 stars? I really wish I could give 3.5, but I'm willing to round up because as I mentioned they are constantly good, open 24 hours, in a great location, and unlike some other pizza places, you don't have to chase down a parm-cheese and hot-pepper shaker.
4	This was the place to be after a long day of work at GVR. Nothing was better than getting off of work, gathering some friends, ordering drinks, pizzas, and a few salads to share. Haven't been here in a few years, and it took Lisa L.'s review to get it back on my radar.The Happy Hour runs from 4pm-7pm and only covers drinks. Drinks range from $3-$5 with beers on the lower end, well drinks in the middle, and wine rounding out the numbers. There are no food specials besides the ones they have on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays. Begin the week with $.50 wings with a minimum order of ten. Tuesday's special is buy one get one free pizza. Wednesdays are half off for a whole rack of ribs. $10.95 gives you a feast consisting of two slabs of meat that falls off the bone, pineapple coleslaw, and jalapeno onion fries. The sides are not the best, but the ribs make up for it. Some bites were dry, but at the price we paid, it was a steal. Add their refreshing House Salad and this meal is complete for two. All of these deals require a beverage purchase. If you are sharing the ribs, an addition $5 extra plate charge will be added without the purchase of a salad or appetizer. With the three of us and a baby; we got a pizza, a rack of ribs, the Maui Onion Rings, a House Salad, and a piece of chocolate cake. Let's pretend the kid ate a lot so that the rest of us don't look like fatties. The Caprese Pizza was delicious. It is hard to go wrong with tomatoes, mozzarella, fresh basil, and a balsamic reduction. The onion rings were tossed in panko and fried to perfection. The crunch could be heard throughout The District. The cake was decadent and definitely as fudgy as they promised. Next time I will definitely take Lisa's advice and get the Goat Cheese Pizza.
4	Hidden within the district in Green Valley. Balboa serves your favorite bar foods and goes a little beyond.My wife and I always split two of our favorite dishes. The meatloaf sandwhich and the buffalo Chicken Salad-Crispy Buffalo Chicken Salad Chopped Greens, Tomatoes, Crumbled Gorgonzola,Roasted Walnuts and Balsamic Dressing. Topped with Buffalo Chicken Strips.-The meatlof sandi is a perfect hunk of meat with cheese and sauted onions. I ask for the maui fries on the side. They are fries with onions and jalapenos all fried at the same time. Many choices here and i never tried anything i didn't like. HH is from 4-7 and the may have a late night one as well. They are open 24/7.
2	Boy I hate dissing a place but I have to in this case since I'm being asked for a review.   The two stars are for the great service* and the great Margarita* so take this as it stands:Four of us decided to go to Balboa pizza at 11:30 P.M. after an evening concert.  The reason we chose this place was because nothing else within few miles was open that late.   We sat outside (a real plus on a beautiful, balmy evening)  and ordered drinks and two pizzas, one with pepperoni, one with ham and mushrooms.   They only carry one size but a lot of different toppings at .85 cents per.  The pizza is rectangular and cut into 6 slices.   The pepperoni pizza had pepperoni - 8 slices - and we couldn't find the ham except for one little piece on the other pizza.   Zero points for that.  The pizza was mediocre at best.   The crust was the consistancy of soft cardboard with that same flavor.  None of us like the pizza.  So much for that.I've never had anything else here so I can only comment on the pizza.*Service was excellent but we were the only ones in the place except for two guys at the bar.The Margarita was outstanding but we asked for premium liquor.  Might give the sandwiches a try some day but no more  pizza for us.
4	I went here twice.  First, I came on a Monday night to sample their 50 cent wings (I tried the Hawaiian BBQ sauce).  It was good enough, but it tasted a little dry and plain.  The french fries, however, were delicious.  I ordered them plain and they were incredibly tasty.  So I gave it another shot.I came back on a Wednesday because they had a full rack of ribs for half off.  Once again, it was good, but it tasted a little dry.  So be sure to ask for extra sauce of your choice regardless of what you order.  With the extra sauce, the ribs were great, and the price can't be beat.One day I'll actually come back to sample their pizza.
5	I was impressed with service and food.   Friendly staff.   Home made chips were excellent.   Had garlic chicken with garlic white sauce pizza.
4	the wings werent bad, but the pizza rivaled Grimaldi's.  Perfect patio, average priced beers, decent atmosphere, and good service. We'll be back.
4	Holy freaking cow! Pulled Pork. Pizza. Colesaw. Yes.Really really good food with a killer tuesday night special. BOGO! I seriously loved the unique pizza they had and the price is very reasonable for a BOGO tuesday night. I gave it one less star simply because of the pricing on normal days would be considered "high".
5	My second visit here (Wednesday half-off rib night!) and the waitress Drea greeted us with the same beers that we both drank last week! What a great waitress!  The ribs are well cooked, with a tasty baked-on sauce that isn't overpowering.  The meat falls off the bones just the way I like it and the sweet potato fries are a new favorite. Lots of tv's and a little noisy, but the outside seats were filled so...can't wait for next Wednesday!
4	Every once in a while a place will have a menu item that just calls to me and I have to give in to the urge. For us, the Chicken Pine Nut Pesto Pizza is IT at Balboas. Other stuff might be just ok, but they have GOT it on that one. Husband is on his way to pick one up for dinner along with a straight Pepperoni and Sausage. Service has been good and to go works great, they are even doing curbside since my husband is recovering from a hurt foot. Looking forward to dinner yum!
5	This place is like my second home these days. I just moved to Green Valley and my roommate and I enjoy beer and food (of course) so we decided to hit this place up and we have been numerous times thereafter. The pizza is pretty good. I actually like the garlic chicken white sauce pizza over the regular tomato sauce pizzas. The pizza with marinara tastes way better cold for breakfast then it does hot. That is just me. However, their sliders are delicious. They have this pita pocket club sandwich that is also bomb. I think I still have a few more dishes to try but I have been through the menu almost and it is pretty good. I love how the menu is on newspapers. They have special nights occasionally, like rib nights, or karaoke nights.   You just have to be on the look out for those. I like this bar and I will probably be there again soon. (We dont cook much)
4	First few visits in this restaurant and it was fab!  I initially just wanted  a place to get a light lunch near GVR and picked out Balboa after I checked and saw their menus served up a variety of different foods from pizza, wings to ribs. So far I've had the Chinese Chicken Salad. There are two sizes regular and full size. The regular size for me was huge, enough to feed 2.  Served not in a salad bowl but a platter mind you.  Can't imagine how much what the full size salad looks like, but regular size is plenty enough.  The salad had fresh and crisp napa cabbage, bok choy, cilantro and diced scallions. Every bite had pieces of white meat sliced real thin,  juicy mandarin oranges throughout added some sweetness, the yellow & red bell peppers gave it a different twist but the flavors all blended well together. The dressing is some kind of vinaigrette. Peanuts mixed in too and topped with chow mein noodles made it one pretty crunchy and pretty tasty salad. So good that I ordered it again when I came in for lunch with my husband.Bucket of Balboa Chips that our server recommended was also a winner. They were also served up still fresh like they just deep fried them. I read it was fried in Canola oil and it's sliced pretty thin, so I don't feel too guilty having  a few slices of carbs. I didn't try any pizza, then again I hardly ever order pizza when dining at pizza establishment. (odd but true!) But they had a different variety of pizza combos. Mr. B had their Tostada Pizza, thin, crispy crust and good combo of meats, not too spicy.  Pizza was shaped rectangular served on a wooden cutting board. Good size serving too. He approved of it. Service was spot on.  Greeted and seated right away.  Servers on times we went were friendly. My lunch order came out quick. NOTE: If you're entering from the door from the courtyard area you'll have to walk down a long corridor to the main entrance. The main entrance is located on the parking lot side facing Paseo Verde. Love how the interior has beachy touches to it, reminiscent of the west coast beach houses with a laid back vibe going on. All that's missing are the waves. Love that's it's open 24/7 and  see why now this is a go to place for lunch and the after work crowd. Very cool!
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! There is a tall brunette waitress we love to have wait on us. Next time we will have to get her name. The basil and tomato pizza, chicken fingers, and maui fries are awesome! Also, try the long island ice tea. Yummm.
3	I've only been here a few times since I've moved back, but I use to hang out here all the time when I lived here before. The few times I've been the food has been just as good as it use to be.This is a great little find for such a chain restaurant heavy shopping area. The pizza is always good, though not knock your socks off good. Just good. I do love their Maui Waui fries, which are this yummy soft fry with onions and jalapeno served with a mayonaise sauce that is tasty. I've had quite a few things off their menu and always enjoy it.The service is pretty good as well, but nothing super friendly. You'd think a guy would try to talk to a single woman at the bar, but not really. The bartenders just chit chat with the servers and only come over when they see your drink is low. I miss bars where the bartenders tried to chat with you, but we are in Las Vegas.The atmosphere is laid back and relaxed and they have a fantastic patio if you can stand cigarette smoke. I can't so I sit inside, which is rather disappointing on nice days, but that's not their fault. All in all I like this place, but it's somewhere I tend to forget about when I'm thinking of pizza. If I'm in the area and craving pizza and wings, I'd stop in here, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	Tuesdays are BUY ONE GET ONE FREE on their pizzas so that means you got to go there today. Their pizzas are a decent sized thin crust and are topped with some very delicious ingredients.  If you come in a group you can pretty much try them all.  I don't remember them all but enjoyed the one Misti Y mentioned in her review, goat cheese, walnuts, balsamic, arugula. Straight plagiarized LOL. They also have pizzas like a sun-dried tomato with spinach and artichoke hearts pizza and spicy tomato and basil pizza.   And don't forget their tostada pizza.  I'm loving the rest of their menu which includes wings and their various flavors like chipotle BBQ, Jamaican jerk, whiskey BBQ, some BBQ ribs, salads, and pizza bread sandwiches.  Sounds like I'll be back soon. I liked their surfer beach theme and enjoyed the atmosphere. Located in The District and walking distance from the GVR and near by businesses.
5	Best. Wings. Ever. I come here at least three times a month. On occasion, I've been known to come here more than once a week for weeks at a time. I freakin' love these wings. And I've eaten A LOT of different wings.Take my advice on this one: when they ask what you want, just tell them this exact phrase: "24 wings, spicy, extra well done." (Their hotness ratings go Mild, Spicy, Wild, so Spicy is actually medium.) The key here is the "extra well done" part. The wings come out perfectly cooked and crispy on the outside (without breading or frying!) and the insides are still moist, not cooked totally dry. The wings themselves are very good, and are just the right size. Not too small and with plenty of meat, but not those giant mutant wings that seem to have come from Hulk chickens and never cook right.The appetizers are all great also; I frequently get the house salad (which comes with delicious walnuts!) and I *always* get the Chip Trio. Best part about the Chip Trio: the chips are made in-house every morning and come with a garlic ranch as one of the 3 dips, along with the cheese and onion dip. The garlic ranch is awesome with the wings, which typically come out with standard ranch instead.This place is also open 24 hours a day, which means that regardless of the time of day I can come in and get the best wings in town. Which is freakin' awesome.As a final note, I don't eat pizza much these days given I don't deal well with gluten, but I used to, and the pizzas here are absolutely up to the standard of the wings as well.
2	I am surprised at the positive reviews for this place. The pizza was not good in my opinion. The service was great from the male bartender then we were switched to a female server who was unattentive. The fries were good. The loud heavy metal music was unbearable. It was a weird choice of music considering the tropical island decor. Will not be going back.
4	Went here for the first time the other day. Heard a lot of good things about their wings but I decied to try there buffalo chicken sandwitch instead. The waittress informed me that they didnt have the correct bread to make the sandwitch so she said they will use the pizza dough instead. The sandwitch was awesome was a bit messy but very tasty. The spicyness was counteracted by the coldslaw and the crumbled cheese. I would suggest getting this sandwitch and asking for the pizza dough. Also the chips that came with the meal were great, I couldnt stop eating them.The service on the other hand not so much. I went with a friend and she asked for plan chicken strips but when it was brought to the table they had buffalo sauce on them. My friend told the waitress and it seems like she was a bit mad that we are asking to send it back. She brought back the right order fairly quickly but she seemed short with us the rest of the meal.Food he is great but the service wasn't the greatest, then again in could have been the wrong day.
4	If you know me you know that I'm all about Grimaldis when it comes to a favorite pizza joint.  Ever since that fateful night that I first had my fingers blackened with the coal cooked crust, my taste in pizza has never been the same.   I do, on occasion, find myself at other pizza places upon request from other unenlightened friends, which is what has brought me to Balboa Pizza Company on several occasions.When a friend suggests eating there, I must say that I don't put up a fight or resist in the least, because Balboa does make a fine pizza.  It's located in the District so if you go on a weekend evening be prepared to drive around in circles in the parking lot and questioning any fellow passengers as to why exactly the lot is so full.  I always assume they're at Lucille's, but just this past Saturday night, it turns out many of them were at Balboa because it was the most crowded I'd ever seen it.   Nearly every table and bar seat was occupied, with a large majority of the crowd inexplicably still paying attention to an NFL Playoff blowout.  We luckily got a booth, and ordered our usual starter of Crispy Shrimp and Maui Waui fries (if that's a Half Baked movie reference, then :D  )  I usually let other people order the pizza type from this point forward, so long as it has some sort of meaty goodness as a topping.  This time was the Chicken and Roasted Garlic pizza with jalapenos on the side.The appetizer came shortly after the first round of alcoholic beverages were nearing depletion, and they were as good as usual.  Crispy pieces of fried shrimp mixed in a pail with nicely cooked french fries, and a couple dipping sauces of unknown origin.  Lots of little pieces of onion and jalapeno also mixed in for kicks.  I wouldn't fathom a visit without ordering this.  The pizza came out while midway through the 2nd round of drinks.  As always the crust was soggy towards the middle which made them perfect for folding.  I've had several of the pizzas here, and must say that I lean towards the more standard ones that I've tried.  The cheesesteak and pulled pork pizzas didn't taste nearly as good as they've sounded when tried on previous visits, but I almost always like a straight up pepperoni with mushroom, chicken and garlic, or other more straightforward ones.  One of the few places not in Chinatown where going adventurous ended up backfiring on me.Service is always great, and they tend to hire wait staff that don't seem to be depressed to be at work which is always a plus.   This past visit I even got a great discount for working at CSN, which I didn't even know about and the waiter mentioned it when he saw my debit card.   Knocked off $15 or so off the bill, so teachers, take advantage!So it's not Grimaldis, but in the end it doesn't need to be.
4	Only been here once, on a very chilly Tuesday, for a gathering of some fellow Yelpers to celebrate Lisa R's Ph.D accomplishment.  But that was enough to get me thinking about the pizzas served up at Balboa Pizza Company.I don't even remember how many different pizzas we ordered as a group, but I definitely remembered that they were all good to very good (especially the Goat Cheese with Caramelized Onions pizza and the Tostada pizza).  And I for sure want to go back and try more of the menu, especially on their buy 1 pizza get another free Tuesday promotion.The restaurant is just a short walk away from GVR Casino, in case the Maps app only navigate you to the entrance of the parking lot of this shopping, dining and entertainment complex called The District. Or just look for the Directory and find your way there after you park.  With all the pizzas that will likely be consumed, it will not be a bad idea to walk some of it off before getting back in the car.Service was excellent and splitting the checks with not a hassle. Pizzas came out fairly quickly, as it is the thin flat bread crust variety.  The flavor combinations of their specialty pizzas are the key to their success, but eat it quickly while it is hot and before the thin crust gets soggy. Even though it is in the other corner of the greater LV valley for me, it is still worth the drive to get my grub on at Balboa Pizza Company.So when is the next UYE?
4	Good food for a decent price.
5	Love this place. Spicy wings are awesome, not very big, but delicious. Homemade chips are really good, and so are the fries.
4	Always get the Buffalo Wings!!! Never disappoints, plus Late-night happy hour!!! Need I say more?!?!!!
3	Service was great, Thank you Larissa. I was not impressed with this establishment overall. Food was only ok, and prices were really high. for mediocre food at best. The good thing was the service. The other problem is that the server, was the hostess, busser, food runner,cashier, and server. She was alone and had 6-8 tables.
5	This place was as good as a pizza place as you can get, The happy Hour is great, the drinks are great, I think its one of the best places in the district.
2	We went here for the first time last weekend. My husband asked the waitress if the jamaican jerk chicken wings were sweet or spicy and her response was eeh. He then asked her if they were hot and she again respnded eeh! The service was terrible  and we probably wouldn't go there again. $4.00 for a draft beer is a bit much for the during the football game special. Pizza was okay but not that great.
5	What a wonderful surprise going into and eating at Balboa Pizza Company.  Is a cozy nice restaurant in The District in Henderson. Started off with a house salad that we shared. It was shredded lettuce, with basil, nuts, chopped tomato, and a hint of dressing, just hit the spot.  We each had a rack of ribs.. best I have ever eaten... it puts all the BBQ places to shame in LV and Henderson.  The ribs were so meaty, sauce was great (I am not a big BBQ person but this was outstanding) and under the ribs were the french fries. Mr had the fries with onions and jalapenos, and coleslaw with pineapple.. wow more great food. Service was terrific, never had to ask for refill on the great fresh brewed ice tea.  Highly recommend this place.. They do offer daily specials--Tuesday bogo pizza/Wednesday 1/2 off full rack of ribs.. We WILL be back.
4	I really enjoy their Italian Grilled Cheese Sandwich. And the restaurant decor is so cute, it's a beach vibe.
5	I've somehow by accident become a regular at this place.  Just simply a brilliant restaurant and bar tucked into the Green Valley Ranch District.  It is open 24 hours, and for night owls like myself and friends it makes for a great place to go and hang out late at night and eat and drink.  They have friendly service too, which helps when being a regular.Personally, I love the two for tuesday deal on their pizzas.  I've ordered their pepperoni almost every time and am always satisfied.  The buffalo chicken was okay, I felt the lettuce on it was a bit much.  The caprice was also a good menu choice, offering fresh mozzarella and a good sauce.Their chips are wonderful, and I'd highly recommend them as well.  They come with several dipping sauces, such as jalapeno cheese, which elevate them from a commonplace item to a unique staple.The drink prices are a little steep at times, so I wouldn't recommend drinking here all night.  But for what it is, they have a good selection for the late night crowd.  They have a banana nut bread beer which I'd also recommend trying just out of pure strangeness.  It's like bread in a glass.  I highly recommend this place.
5	I come here for one reason and one reason only. 2 FOR 1 PIZZA TUESDAYS!From 4 pm to midnight tuesdays you can buy one pizza get another free! For every pizza you have to purchase a beverage but I think it's still a good deal!I have tried every one of their pizzas and I gotta say that my favorites are the Caprese and the Tostada!Caprese - Has Goat cheese, spring mix leaves, garlic, and balsamic vinegar.Tostada - Has spicy ground sirloin, sausage, refried beans, pico de gallo, lettuce, black olives, cheese, sour cream, guacomole, and cilantro.All pizzas are served on a flat bread thin crust which allows you to savor all the flavor that the pizza has to offer. The appetizers are fabulous as well. I usually get the Maui Waui Fries with shrimp or the Calamari.Maui Waui Fries with Fried Shrimp - For just two bucks more, you might as well get this option instead of the fries themselves. You actually get a decent amount of shrimp. As for the fries, they come with grilled onion and jalapeno slices.Calamari - Deep fried to a golden crisp with not a lot of batter so you get more of the fantastic squid that tastes good with the marinara sauce that comes with it.From what I heard, their hot wings are awesome as well judging by the orders that I have seen on other tables. Service is phenomenal and I can vouch for it because I have been here at least 4 times. That's pretty good considering I live in North Las Vegas. All 4 of my visits I have yet to complain about anything! Some random info: They are open 24 hours. Since they are right across the movie theater, tuesdays are 6 dollar movie days! Combine that with the special here and you're set! So dinner and a movie should not put a big dent in your wallet!So what are you waiting for? The very next tuesday you should check it out! Although if you cant wait then go whenever you want! They are 24 hours so be my guest! I just recommend you take full advantage of the 2 for 1! Happy eating!
2	Small portions but good food, Very poor slow service for a Friday night and a party of four. The waitress made a comment to us about the tip, Be glad you got one
5	This is my go-to place for wings, hands down! Balboa to me has the best wings in town. I always order them spicy and extra well done. They're never under done (like some places I've been to) and they have a great flavor! In the mood for wings and beer? This is your place!
4	Had the american and it was fantastic!
3	Food is always good, although I didn't care for the pizza bread. Service on the other hand is 50/50. Either it's awesome or, like today, crappy. Stay away from Jade. She's got a bad attitude. We were her only table, and had to wait a long time for refills. When we left, the other waitress, told us to have a nice day, and Jade just stared at us like we were from outerspace.
4	greatest crappy pizza, nachos and wings for late night cravings!
3	I came here after a movie, like most others, it was pretty late and I was surprised they were open, but now I know where I can get good pizza after a night out if I'm ever in Henderson. I got their
5	Fell in love with the Balboarita and fish tacos! Great service given from our hostess Maggie and she's such a hard worker! I will most def be going there often because of her service and the drinks!
5	I typically do not like anything that refers to "Californina Style" however, in this case of Balboa, I make an acception. Balboa Pizza has excellent pizza and the staff is fantastic. I'm getting hungry and am craving some Balboa Pizza as I write this.
5	Tonight my girlfriend and I tried this place for the first time and i have to say it was a great experience. I met Scott the graveyard bartender/server who was extremely helpful on deciding what to order and was very friendly, also met the cook who came out to check on our food also very friendly. The service and food overall was awesome. The place has a great atmosphere and is very clean. It is at least a 20 min. Drive for me but I will be back as often as I can. It is open 24/7 and they have 2 other bar restaurants in the district that are also 24/7 that I am looking forward to trying, Al's Garage, and one other restaurant. Hope you enjoy it ...
4	This is a find that I think may get overlooked by the average diner because of it's location in the District.  There are certainly larger restaurants in the District (Lucille's, King's, etc), and Balboa is kind of tucked away, but it's fantastic.  The pizza is excellent, with a great crust on the bottom.  I know some find it to become soggy, but that's not been my experience.  They use an excellent quality sausage on their pizzas, very flavorful.  To start, try the chip trio with homemade potato chips and 3 sauces (jalapeno cheese, garlic ranch and onion).  The jalapeno cheese is the best here, but all are good.The sandwiches are made using the pizza dough as bread, and they are packed full.  We always take part, if not half, of a sandwich home when we eat a Balboa.  We have tried several, but the favorites for us are the Savory (with roast beef and havarti) and meatloaf.  But, we've not had a sandwich we didn't like.They serve their Maui Fries on the side, which is french fries tossed with jalapenos and onions.  The veggies get nice and soft, but I could use more heat.  But, these are some great fries and it's a good idea.  We love this place, will definitely return, and highly recommend it.
3	Ordered a half buffalo chicken and the works and a side of wings to go last night. I'm sorry but $25 should buy you a decent portion with better quality in my book. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. Sad to say I wasn't impressed with the service either. My friend and I stood at the front/bar for a good 10mins before we were even acknowledged even tho some employees already made eye contact with us. Finally, a girl tells us she's got bad news that their oven had broke and no pizzas could be made, but she could still get us the wings... At this point mind you, was already over 30mins after I placed the order. Could have at least called me back and tell me? But a mere 30seconds later she comes back in the bubbliest tone 'oh nvm!! It's fixed!!' At midnight ready to go home-what a way to play with my emotions. Lol. so needless to say I won't be making this a priority spot.
5	I am no expert in the world of chicken wings, having only tried them one before a few months ago at Hooters casino, but, with that as my comparison Balboa rocks. Whatever they were called, the medium sauce was just perfect, just the right amount of hot. The wings..... far, far better than Hooters could ever imagine serving up. The wings rock. Even better, (Friday night) the wings were .50 each, and draft miller $3 and out waitress (Samantha) always there with a smile,
4	I'd been meaning to try this restaurant in the District for quite some time and finally had the chance to.  I love the cozy island decor.  There is a bar and plenty of booth seating.  We haven't had to wait to be seated either time we've been here. The pizza is different.  If you're craving your basic pizza and comparing that to Balboa I don't think this is going to cut it.  But if you order with an open mind expecting a unique pizza (which is smaller than your typical pie) then I think you'll be pleased.  So far we've tried three cheese and Philly cheesesteak pies and they're delicious.  The best time to go is on Tuesdays when the pizzas are BOGO with a one drink purchase per pie.  The last time, I got water and my husband ordered 2 beers and we were able to get the deal.  The homemade chips are incredible.  I will definitely be craving them.  Fried mozzarella was OK - nothing special.  We've been here twice and the service is very quick.  The servers are friendly, albeit sometimes dismissive.  I asked for a ginger ale and the waitress said they could make it with sprite and a splash of coke... she mentioned that this was the ginger ale most bars served.  Not in my experience.  And if I'm craving a ginger ale, there'd be one pretty obvious taste missing from that mixture... ginger.  Also, the same server accidentally spilled my glass of iced water on me and I had to walk out with a wet (white) t-shirt.  A walk of shame if I've ever had one LOL.  She was apologetic as she handed me the check.  This will be on our "Tuesday rotation" and maybe other days occasionally if we're at the District and wanting some food and drink.
4	Came here for an afternoon lunch with my husband. Located in the District at Green Valley. What a find, delicious menu and very friendly waitstaff. Nice ambiance kind of like a beach side cantina.The onion rings are some of the best I've ever had. First of all they are huge!! They could be a meal just alone. They use sweet Maui onions which make them mild and delicious. The coating/batter is crusty, sweet and full of goodness. They come with BBQ sauce for dipping but we requested garlic ranch dipping sauce to go along with them. The Garlic ranch complemented them better than the BBQ sauce.  My husband had the wings, they were meaty and juicy. The sauce they were tossed in was spicy and tangy (medium). Excellent taste!! Went really nice with the cool ranch dressing and celery sticks.We shared the Caprese pizza. The pizza came out on a cutting board cut in a square pattern, topped with goat cheese, garlic, spring baby lettuce mix, tomatoes, and topped with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. Delicious!!The bar offered a good selection of cocktails, and also had some local craft beers. Will definitely be back!!
4	As a frequent customer I must say that I generally love Balboa. I have had nothing but great experiences with most bartenders there with the exception of Laney who is rude, unattentive, short.  I always try to avoid coming in there at night as that seems to be when she is always working.
3	I like the location in the District.I like that it's 24 hours (you never know....)The pizza is pretty solid, but nothing spectacular.They have a wide variety of specialty pizzas - from margherita to buffalo chicken to taco.Prices are ok.Happy hour prices are better, but there are no kids allowed on the bar side.Despite having a huge long hallway, the seating area is actually pretty small, so it can get crowded on a weekend night.
4	Big booths great for the family.  One of our favorites.  It is a bar / restaurant but the restaurant section has big roomy booths.  Sometimes we will eat here before a movie or just because we love this place.  If you get a pizza and a salad, you can easily share for two people and not over eat.  They also have great kids meal choices.  Sometimes, if you come in the evening, you will wait 10-15 minutes but usually, there is no wait at all.
2	Just moved into the neighborhood, and walked over with our 6 year old for some pizza.  I hate to be negative, but it wasn't a great experience.  We had a 10 minute wait for the "family section" (which was okay, no worries there) but once we were seated it was a good 10 minutes more for a server to acknowledge us.  Once she did, she asked if we were ready to order, and seemed disappointed when we only ordered drinks.  Drinks delivered, and we ordered pizza.  She never once checked on us to see how we were doing - it was 1) take drink order (and be disappointed because we didn't have food order ready) 2) take food order, deliver food and 3) bring check (at which point I asked for another beer - and missed happy hour because of the delay.  Sorry, but horrible service.  It's almost like they don't want us there.  I saw another family ask for the manager because of the poor service.If it's not family friendly, just advertise otherwise.  Pizza places attract families - duh.
4	24/7! Can't beat it. Very nice wait staff, excellent pizza! Didn't try the wings, but I was told that they were good as well. Usually very busy around 4pm to 9pm or so. Walking distance from the Green Valley Resort. Highly recommend.
5	I went  here for the first time ever, it was really a nice experience, but fumky inside but the food was really good and our bartender was amazing.   The pizza was absolutely delicious. I will definitely go back!
4	Best Place for low Cost food and drink in the District.  Food is good and reasonably priced, wait is usually not to long, and the bar has a good atmosphere.  High marks across the board.
5	I've been here twice now and both times the food was great and service was good and quick. I recommend the Maui Waui fries (the sauce that comes with them is delish), the wings are better than the "Buffalo" chain hands down and pizzas are good. Tonight we tried the wedge and it was a lot like a personalized calzone. Seating on the patio is nice.
5	This place has AMAZING FOOD! Their chicken chop salad is to die for! They also have some delicious pizza! On Tuesdays it is buy 1, get 1 free. Perfect for a simple night out
4	Amazing buffalo chicken pizza!! Service took a little long but it was well worth the wait!
5	This is a really great place to eat and drink. Great atmosphere and selection of beer and wine. Customer Setvice1) Outstanding customer service and fast food preparation. They had our order of 2 pizzas and full rack of ribs before we could finish our apatizer. Our server was friendly and very accommodating.  I was very impressed , customer service alone would be a reason to return.  2) The FoodThe ribs were absolutely outstanding!!!!! They are the best I have had in years.  This place gives Louisiana and Texas BBQ Ribs a run for the money. I highly recommend the ribs!!!! 3)PriceThe price was another great thing about this place. It was amazing how much food ,wine, and beer we had and was less than $60. I have made this one of my favorite places to eat ribs and pizza.
1	Waited 20 minutes for service... first at the bar and then outside servers never came. I walked out and went to Lucille's instead!
3	Okay. Service is not good at all. Food is excellent so I still gave it 3 stars. I've been here 4 times and this last time the waitress literally forgot we were there! She didn't come to refill our drinks until the end. She gave us the bill and said "oh I was given another section!" Like who cares and what does that have to do with us waiting for you to come serve us??? Check out the picture of us waiting.Update: apparently the picture of us waiting for service was taken down by Yelp because it didn't meet their standards. But it was a picture of a skeleton waiting at a table. Go figure. I think it was an accurate depiction of our wait time.
1	First visit here a few weeks ago was decent. It was after midnight and just a few customers at the bar. Tonight's visit was horrible. Waited outside for over 20 minutes without even being looked at. Waitress completely ignored my "excuse me" for help. Walked back inside to the bar and let the bartender know the patio was lacking service. He acted like we offended him and blew off our heads up. Ordered a beer and a shot and closed our tab. Other customers also came up and complained about the drinks. We were ignored until we left.
5	This place is a hidden gem. Went for a lunch meeting and sat in the bar area...bartender was very nice and attentive to us.Ordered the blackened chicken cobb salad and the works pizza....perfect to share and even had left overs.I would def like to come back.
1	To start, my I am industry.  I understand everyone has a bad day,  and the customer is not always right. That being said, Ross's graveyard service was inexcusable.   My group of friends and I were willing to spend serious money however, his ass holeness (for lack of a better term) ruined our night.  Our group of 6 came in at 1215 and sat outside. After seeing the sign "see bartender for service" we came inside and asked for a waiter. In turn we got an eye roll and a "yeah give me a second".  We order 4 shots he asked "Are you sure" ? and said "wow". After apologizing for ordering food,  Ross ignored us. More shots were ordered and the same attitude continued. I've never written a yelp before or, have been offended enough to do so, however, Ross changed our mind. Bring back Higgins and the exceptional service.
5	The pizza is awesome here... Somewhat thin crust and artisan style.  The bucket of chips are very unique and a must to get the meal stated.  The service is really good. Plus they are 24 hrs. Tuesday is buy one pizza and get one free.
4	I don't eat this kind of food often... If you're having a bad day and looking for greasy goodness, this is a great restaurant for you. The southern fried wings were killer, Greek salad, delicious, potato chips divine, and the service was good. Only complaint was the pizza. Not great pizza. Not really good at all. Pretty soggy and no flavor in the crust. But for wings, great joint and good for a group of friends to kick back for wings, beer and sports.
5	Awesome...must try the fish and chips...broke da mouth...
5	Great lil power lunch place on weekdays! Had the chinese chicken salad and honestly it was one of the best! Very reasonable price, great A+ service and laid back atmoshpere in a very nice shopping venue. Will retrun soon for PIZZA (aka my kryptonite)
3	I am really sad to give this place three stars. Walked in at 715 on a Saturday night. Wait was 20 minutes for indoor seating and immediate seating for outside. We chose to sit outside. All was good. Waitress takes our drink order, we all ordered water. Takes our food order, and we were not checked on once from the time she did the food order and when the food came out. Our cups were empty and it was hot outside! When she finally strolls over to the table we had to ask for more water and napkins. The waitress brings us water, but wait a second the water has no ice in it? Why would you give us hot water?????? As for our napkins she set a role of paper towels in a chair.. Okay fine bad service but the food was great! Maui Fries, Philly Cheesesteak Pizza, and the Big Kahuna Appetizer fed all four of us with nothing leftover.
4	I love the vibe in this place; they are going for a surfer/Hawaiian restaurant feel.  It is self seating so find a booth, bar table or outdoor seat.We got the Hawaiian pizza and an order of Coconut shrimp.  Quite possibly the best coconut shrimp I have ever had: big, plump and full of coconut flavor.  The shrimp sit on top of a bucket of fries mixed with onions and jalapenos, it was okay.  The Hawaiian pizza was also very good, very flavorful.One big note:  The food comes out fast and piping hot, let it cool off for 5-7 minutes before digging in and the crust will be harder and won't burn your mouth.I highly recommend stopping in for the coconut shimp and a beer.
4	Pizza was delicious, one of my new favorites!
3	I had the spicy sausage and mushroom. Not much meat though the pizza tasted good. Mostly dough and cheese. Everything else seems fine. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	Came in for the Tuesday 2 for 1 pizza deal.  We started with the Chips Trio, and Chicken Wings.  If you are thinking of ordering chips to start, the trio is the way to go.  You get one each of their dipping sauces, onion, ranch and jalapeno.  Hubby enjoyed his wings.  They have several sauces to choose from.  For the pizzas we ordered a Three Cheese, Pepperoni, Garlic Chicken and BBQ Chicken.  Service was slow but food came out fast.  The pizza is more of a flatbread but its good!  We all really liked it.  Kids gobbled theirs up right away and you can't beat the price.  Great place to take the fam for an inexpensive dinner out.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying some of their other pizzas.
4	My wife and I had been wanting to try this place and we happened to go last night on Buy one get one pizza night. My wife ordered everything pizza and I ordered the Buffalo chicken pizza. We shared the Trio Bucket of Chips. Buffalo pizza was outstanding, it was different with the ranch coated lettuce on top. More like a buffalo chicken po boy on a pizza crust. Nice work! The everything or works pizza was good but nothing too special. Bucket of chips needed some seasoning, salt or something-pretty bland. The 3 sauces served with the chips were great so overall great food experience. A Plus was that our waitress was great as well, nice and very efficient. We'll definitely be going back.
4	Balboa has long been a regular haunt for my friends and I due to the casual and comfortable atmosphere, drink selection, and menu. It's open late and is typically a great meeting place to start or end the night, if you're feeling those hunger pains around 2am and just really need a buffalo chicken pizza for the road. OR, it's a great place to grab some lunch when you're out shopping at the district, or to watch the game on a Sunday with some friends. I've always liked the food here, my favorites are the bbq chicken pizza, buffalo chicken pizza, cobb salad, lemon chicken greek salad, and maui wowie fries.
4	Usually I come here late night because it is open 24/7! They have great food and are conveniently located near the bars. Their salad is incredibly good and so is there pizza!
4	Meatloaf sandwich, fish n chips Southwestern sandwich... All three of us were pleased. Fries taste like my mom used to lovingly make from scratch!
2	The first time I went here, I had the pizza.  It was pretty good.  The bartender was very friendly, too.I went there again last night. This time I had the wings.  I am not sure if it was because the ranch was bad, or if the chicken was bad, but it gave me pretty severe food poisoning.The atmosphere is great.  The beer is good.  I really want this place to be good because I live right across the street.  I will never order the wings again.
