5	these are the most tasty cupcakes i've had in a while. i just tried 2 cupcakes from Retro Bakery...the Hop Scotch and the Chocolate Covered Banana. mmm they were moist & creamy...i was expecting the Hop Scotch to be super sweet, but it was just right. i like the whole style of the bakery and the menu items and i can't wait to go back to try some more...i just wish it were closer to my house!
5	These are the best cupcakes in Las Vegas!  I have tried all the competitors and Retro's beat 'em hands down.  The vanilla cake is moist and dense like an old-fashioned cake your mom might have made in the 50s.  The chocolate or vanilla buttercream frosting is not too sweet and is the best frosting I have tried in a long time.  The Chocolate Fountain is unique and delicious; it looks kind of like a dipped cone from Dairy Queen. The owners are super friendly and loved my daughter's cupcake tattoo.  We are truly cupcake lovers and wish great success for Retro Bakery.
3	Here's the thing, I really do want to like this place.  It's close to home, the cupcakes always look yummy, and it smells so good.  I've been here a couple of times and they have the most creative flavors that I've seen.  Pink Lemonade, Chocolate Covered Banana, & Peanut Butter and Honey who'd think of that?!With these rave reviews, perhaps I just went during the wrong times.  The cake was moist and delicious.  But the frosting is what killed it for me and the hubby.  It was too rich and heavy, even for him and he's the one who could probably finish off a pan of brownies on his own, in one sitting.  He had to scrape off the frosting halfway through because it was too much for him.I'm not giving up!  I probably will go back because of my cupcake weakness (we even had cupcakes at our wedding) because I so badly want to like them!
5	Retro is WONDERFUL! Kari and Brian are so friendly and the cupcakes are AMAZING! We even had them for our wedding.Their cupcakes are usually my breakfast (I KNOW! they're that good!) LOVE LOVE LOVE RETRO!
5	I love cupcakes and I love Retro.  I could easily frequent this place two, three, four times a week but I try and control myself and just go two to three times a month, and I think I am due for a visit.My favorite flavors of the moment are chocolate covered banana and sprinkled donut.  But I am also fond of peanut butter cup, mint chocolate chip, and red carpet.  And like previous post state, the owners, Kari and Brian, are super nice.  I don't know how Kari remembers names like that.
4	Okay, so a trip to NYC with my wife in 2004 turned me into something of a cupcake snob.  During that trip, I had the pleasure of downright engulfing a scrumptious morsel of cupcake goodness from the famed Magnolia Bakery.  (Okay, okay... we were on the Sex and the City Tour and the cupcakes we had were technically from the midtown version of Magnolia Bakery -- thanks to the original Magnolia's rule of not allowing someone to purchase more than a dozen cupcakes at once... or somethine like that... which prevented our tour guide from giving us cupcakes from the actual Magnolia location.  But we consumed our cupcakes on a bench across the street from Magnolia and the cupcakes were made at a bakery that's owned by one of the original Magnolia partners and uses the same recipe/ingredients/methodologies).At any rate, I've sampled cupcakes from The Cupcakery and Cupcake Lane Bakery... but Retro Bakery is numero uno in the greater Las Vegas area.  Very nearly Magnolia quality -- hence the four stars.  Something tells me that if Retro began using NYC water, however, I would be compelled to give five stars.  After all, it's the water in NYC that gives ulinary types in that area an edge over everyone else, right?
5	We saved the best for last on the LV Cupcake Tour 2008!! Retro Bakery is AMAZING!We almost didn't make the trek to Retro simply because it was far from the other three places. But let me tell you, we were so glad we went!Retro is, indeed, retro inside. Funky furnishings, graphics on the walls, all quite simple at the same time. Retro had the best selection, so it was difficult to decide on what to get! Finally, we chose the Hop Scotch, Mint Chocolate Chip, Cinnamon Toast, and Creamsickle. The first thing I noticed about these cupcakes when were were handed them was their weight. These cupcakes were HEAVY! Incredibly dense, yet MOIST and fabulous cake. OMG if I was by myself, no doubt I would have been able to eat all four of these cupcakes myself... even after having eaten a total of three at other places!Hop Scotch- I was skeptical of the Hop Scotch cupcake because I am not a huge butterscotch fan. We I said before, ALL the cakes, including this one, were incredibly dense, yet moist. They reminded me so much of Magnolia's cupcakes in NYC.. yet (dare I say it)... BETTER?!?!?!?! The butterscotch ganache reminded me of Dairy Queen, when they "dip" the cone in the butterscotch/strawberry/chocolate. The butterscotch was nice and flavorful, but NOT overpowering. Made for a pretty picture, too!Cinnamon Toast- OMG. Probably my favorite cupcake at Retro. The cinnamon buttercream frosting was the best frosting I'ver ever had in my entire life. Ballsey statement, but seriously. It was THAT good. Topped with crunchy cinnamon and sugar dust, the texture was unbelievable! Again, this was on top of the fabulous vanilla cake. Mint Chocolate Chip- Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream is one of my favorites, so I knew I just had to try the cupcake version. This chocolate cake was soooooo much better than The Cupcakery's extremely dry chocolate. The mint buttercream icing was a vivid blue/green color and soooo tasty. Again love the addition of mini-chocolate chips. I'm thinking next time I bake, I must incorporate them. Creamsickle- I'm not sure if the Creamsickle is a specialty of the month because I'm not finding it on their menu, but I hope it's a perminant addition, because it was GREAT! It was probably the prettiest cupcake of our tour. Vanilla cake with HUGE orange and white swirl of orangey-tasting buttercream. Indescribable how good it was. All in all, this place probably has the best cupcakes I've ever had. Seriously. I work at a cupcake place and I'm saying this. My standards are high, and I was blown away. The owner said her goal is to get into the Planet Hollywood casino on the Strip, and I have no doubt at all that she'll achieve this if she continues to produce such an amazing product. Tourists would absolutely LOVE these cupcakes, and at $3.00/each, they are a phenomenal value. I think she should up her price $.25, and she could easily charge over $4 if she were on the Strip. AMAZING! If you are going to go to one cupcake place in Vegas, spend the extra gas money and go to Retro. You won't be disappointed. I'm still kicking myself for not lugging some back on the plane with me :(Side note: Are you seeing a trend? Cupcakes with OVERWHELMING, artificial flavors are not appealing! I understand they are cupcakes, and are supossed to be sweet, but it can get nauseating and sickening. Retro does it perfectly.
5	Last stop on the cupcake crawl - we almost called it a day after the cupcake lane, i'm glad we decided to finish the crawl at retro - long, long drive to Retro - damn, for a second, i thought we were driving to Reno !butterscotch, mint-chocolate chip, cinnamon,  orange cream  ( again, they had fancy names for each but i forgot the exact names )all of them had  a dense, moist cake base to them  - very good !   the frosting's were rich but not too sweet.  to be picky, i wish there was a little more orange in the orange dream,  butterscotch - not a big fan of butterscotch,  mint chocolate chip - tasty, the cinnamon - wow - nice strong, delicious cinnamon frosting.talked to one of the owners ( the wife of a husband/wife team ) - very nice and you can tell , it's a labor of love !  if this place was closer, i would hit this place weekly ( if i'm not low carbin' !)great place !
5	I'm not sure what's best about Retro Bakery: the fabulous, delicious, one-of-a-kind creative cupcakes, the welcoming, bright, non-stuffy (and non-snooty) atmosphere, or the warm, unbeatable, unforgettable customer service (I'm sure I'm not the only one reluctant to spend my hard-earned money at places where the salesperson glowers at you, willing you to make your purchase and get out as quickly as possible) - because Retro is just that kind of place.I've visited Retro twice in the past four months, but surely would frequent the bakery if I didn't live miles away (I live in San Francisco).  Venturing 25 minutes from the Las Vegas Strip is well worth the reward of one, two, or, in my case, at least half a dozen, delectable cupcakes.Kari and Brian are the wife/husband mastermind powerhouse couple behind Retro Bakery.  Their cupcakes are some of the biggest I've ever seen, and, believe me, I've seen more than my fair share.  But, see, the thing with Retro is that unlike other rivaling cupcakeries, this place is not willing to sacrifice taste for size, but rather manages to satisfy both criteria.  Furthermore, Retro cupcakes are just simply appealing to the eye.  Imagine this: full (not dinky) cupcakes with an expertly (and strategically) placed dollop of buttercream, which, I might add, is so tasty, a cup of buttercream is a recent addition to the menu!  And the menu!  Sure, you've got your typical Cookies and Cream and Mint Chocolate Chip, but you're also privy to such wildly creative flavors such as Hopscotch (one of my favs), Pink Lemonade (who DOES that?), and Creamsicle (no one can say no to that one).  Not to mention the daily specials - I've got to make it out there on a Tuesday to try the Milk and Cookies.And it's just so refreshing to enter a shop where the workers are actually visibly passionate and exited to be...at work!  That is a rare, rare sight nowadays, and Kari and Brian (look out for Abbi and Lucy, too!  They're adorable!) definitely go against the norm.  With their genuine smiles and upbeat attitudes, they are so inspiring.  Tell me - how many places have you gone to where the owners recognize you, call you by name after only one visit, and remember details of that one visit, which was four months ago?? It's really exhilarating to visit such an institution and actually feel appreciated for your patronage, and Retro does that for you, for me, and for every single one of its customers.So, to sum this up, visit Retro Bakery for its cupcakes, for its environment, and for its extraordinary customer service.  You most surely won't be disappointed.Kari - Best of luck to you!  I can't wait until I can head into Planet Hollywood on the strip and see you selling your bad boys there!  =)
4	I found Retro Bakery through Yelp and didn't realize the bakery was less than a couple minutes away from my old place.  So when I arrived, I told Kari and Brian (the owners and super nice people) that I found them through Yelp and they were really excited.  They even introduced me to their neighbors and daughters that were hanging around for them to close the store.  I loved how the bakery had a great family atmosphere.Now what matters most...the cupcakes.  I tried the red velvet and donut ganache.  I've had better with the red velvet: the cake had a wierd after taste but the buttercream made up for it.  But as for the donut ganache, OMG, so so so so good!  I love donuts and I love cupcakes, so to combine the two together was just genius.  Unfortunately, I don't live as close anymore but I definitely recommend this place for their super-friendly enviornment and their other creative-flavored cupcakes.  :)
5	I made the long trek out to Retro Bakery after finding out about it on Twitter.  So glad I did.  Cake did not taste like a mix to me as others have mentioned, but maybe that's just me.  The frosting is the best part!  I'm going back tomorrow so I can taste more flavors.  One of my co-workers tried the Pink Lemonade and said it was, "better than sex."
5	Say it with me: nicest people on earth.So, as I was coming out to Vegas from NYC for my man's 25th, I realized 2 days prior to our departure that I needed to find him a cake or cupcakes or something to celebrate with there.   Frantically, I searched the web and tried to find something reasonable that wasn't a $70 Ace-of-Cakes-like dice cake.  Being a bit of a cupcake 'ho, I was stoked to find Retro Bakery and to find they'd deliver to our hotel!It's a husband and wife who run the shop and were so accomodating and helpful.  Unfortunately, when they delivered the cupcakes (right to our room!), I was a bit distracted and they delivered them to my friends room instead, so I didn't get to say hi and give them my sincere thanks.  So consider this to be it!Um, hi, frosted donut flavored cupcake?  Heaven?
5	Let me start off by saying that these AMAZING cupcakes put the Cupcakery to shame!!!  Retro's cupcakes are the most flavorful, moist, delicious sweets on this earth!  The are absolutely out of this world!  My family and I were blown away by how much flavor is packed into the cake, let alone the frosting which is a whole other taste sensation in itself!  I was a little hesitant on what they would taste like at first, only because I had such a let down and was disappointed with the Cupcakery, but Retro's cupcakes stood up to and succeeded my expectations.  I never knew a cupcake could taste so good!  My absolute favorites were the pink lemonade, glazed donut, and apple cider.   Another reason why this place is so great is due to the husband and wife team that own it.  From the moment my husband and I walked in the door  they were so friendly and accommodating.  We visited for like 10 or 15 minutes while we picked out our cupcakes and felt so welcome at their store.  They are wonderful people, and I wish them much success with their business.  Finally , the store itself is clean and tidy, with a cool retro feel  ( I am jealous of the yellow fridge...I want one!).  Our entire experience has been so incredible with Retro that I just want to spread the word over and over again about this great little find.  I am definitely hooked and will drive across town in a heartbeat for more anytime!
5	I just buttercreamed myself, seriously. With all the cupcake places popping up I'm hesitant to drive 20 miles out of my way to  experience something that could potentially be generic and disappointing... but we were out for the day and had ventured north to check out Centennial Village (save your gas money if you're thinking it's worth it, it's so not...) and I remembered seeing a cupcake place on yelp that was in the area we were. We found Retro Bakery and are forever changed...Mike got the Hop Scotch... a butterscotched, buttercreamy delight with the moistest cupcake I have ever sampled. It was heaven in a paper wrapper. I got the chocolate fountain... and never in my baking experience or cupcake connoisseuring have I found a chocolate cupcake to be so moist and painfully delicious. I ache for another. Wait, there's still some left on my fingers... We will be back. And we might even take advantage of delivery... SO WORTH IT!
5	Phenomenal ! ! ! :)It's already been said great people great cupcakes and great prices!!Pay them a visit you won't regret it.
3	Been there three times and have tried a variety of cupcakes.  Flavor was  good, service great, very nice people work there, but out of the dozen or so cupcakes I had gotten, about half were either stale or just not very good. The staff is great in that you can write to them and share your feedback and they will give you a coupon for a free cupcake. But who has time for that. Plus at $2.50 a pop, they should be fresh.  Will try a couple more times since i live close and want to support small local business.
5	WOW!!!! Dang, this place was so good. I came here while spending the weekend in Vegas. It is a bit of a drive from the strip, but it is so totally worth it. To make it even more worthwhile and because I couldn't choose between all the delicious varieties, I ended up purchasing 6 cupcakes. hehehe. The cupcakes I got were:-Sprinkled Donut-Vanilla cake with chocolate ganache frosting and sprinkles. Really cute presentation on this one, but it tasted like a box cake with box frosting to me, nothing special here.-Vanilla Loves Vanilla-Really yummy vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The frosting was piled a bit high so I wouldn't be able to have frosting with each bite, so I kind of smooshed the frosting down a bit.-Chocolate Loves Vanilla-Chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream frosting. I don't really like chocolate cake, but I got this one because it was decorated with a hot pink marshmallow peep for Easter. I think the Peep made the cupcake amazing, since the marshmallow flavor combined with the vanilla and the chocolate, making it amazing.-Red Carpet-Red velvet cake with almond buttercream frosting. The cake was fine, but the frosting I wasn't really expecting an almond flavor so I was kind of taken back. It was definitely good, but not as a typical red velvet cupcake.-Milk & Cookies-Chocolate chip cake with vanilla buttercream and a chocolate chip cookie on top. Just the sight of this cupcake alone is yummy enough. This cupcake just blew me away, it was pretty much perfect.-Short Stack-This is a Friday special only, lucky me I came on a Friday! This cupcake was breathtaking. It tasted like pancakes! I think this one was my absolute favorite.The place is cute, the service was very friendly, the price is definitely reasonable and the cupcakes were a total knockout. This place is definitely worth the drive, and when I come back to Vegas in October I might be inclined to go for a dozen cupcakes, and not share any of them! :-P
4	I had been meaning to go try this place out for a while, and finally got around to going.  Now I want to kick myself for not going sooner.  I went on a Friday and was probably the first person in the door for the day.  OMG the wonderful smell of the cupcakes walking in was enough to floor me.  I tried the Chocolate Loves Chocolate flavor and my husband the cotton candy freak got, of course, cotton candy.  The service was really friendly, the guy even boxed them up for us even though we only ordered two cakes.  I was thinking the cupcakes were only average size, maybe order two each.  No way, they are way too rich to even finish off one in a sitting.  The buttercream was swoon worthy.  Loved that the inside of the swirl was light chocolate and the outside was dark, what a yummy suprise.  Yeah the place is kind of out there, but soooo worth the drive.
5	Cupcakes places seem to be popping up like Starbucks these days, and I've been to quite a few of them.  Hands down, without a second thought, Retro Bakery's cupcakes are absolutely the best cupcakes I've ever had anywhere.  By now I've tried almost all their flavors and each one is just as good as the last.  Every day they a special flavor (Maple Bacon anyone?), while on Wednesdays and Saturdays they serve a flavor of the month offered, yes, for that month only.A little known secret: They also make cakes.  Check out their website for some of the amazing special order designs they've completed. Sometimes they also have cakes in the display for sale, and if you see one when you visit, grab one! You won't regret it, the chocolate cake that I tried rivaled any dessert in any top restaurant. Yes, it was that good.The owners are very hands on and a treat. Nine times out of ten at least one of them will be there when you visit, which makes them stand out from other local cupcake spots as well.Make sure you visit Retro - it's not as far away as you think it is (I know, I thought the same my first trip). It's worth a drive from CA and AZ even.
5	Just got back from Vegas last week.  We rented a car for 2 reasons - to visit the Grand Canyon Skywalk and to go to Retro Bakery on Friday for bacon cupcakes.  We were not disappointed!  The bacon cupcake was so yummy and so was the blueberry pancake cupcake. Honestly, I thought my husband I were going to fight over the bacon cupcake.  Maybe you should by 2 of those.   Kari was there and she was a sweetheart as well.  Definitely stop by and visit.  I'm telling everyone.
5	Retro Bakery did the cupcakes for my friends wedding in Vegas.  Adorable cupcakes, and THE BEST CUPCAKES I HAVE TRIED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.  I dream of these babies.  They are like crack and haunt me in my sleep.  We tried the vanilla cream cheese (I think) and the chocolate with peanut butter.  I ate like four of the vanilla... crack cupcakes I tell you!  I tried the chocolate, and it was good, the vanilla just put it to shame.  I seriously dream of the awesomeness of these cupcakes.  My friend said they were great to deal with in ordering.  Im really hoping they do mail orders.  Can you even ship cupcakes to California?  I hope so!  If not im flying to Vegas for a sugar fix.  I love you Retro Bakery, open up another store in San Francisco, we need you!
5	I had the pink lemonade cupcake, and it was quite possibly the cupcake I have ever had.  I went on a Friday at 6 pm, and they had a plenty of flavors- not usually the case at other cupcake bakeries in town.  The owner was working behind the counter, and she was friendly and seems to really take pride in her bakery.  I definitely recommend this place, even if it's a drive for you to get all the way to the northwest side of town.
4	I reviewed Retro Bakery last year and claimed that I was just not that impressed with the cupcakes themselves. The store is charming and the service can't be beat. Well, last month I had a craving for cupcakes and thought it would be fun to surprise the kids. So, I went back. Again, the service is great! They are so friendly there! This time I have to rave about the cupcakes. The cinnamon toast one was sooooo good that I actually dream about it. :)  The cupcakes just really hit the spot. Sure, I could make my own cupcake and it would be similar to their cupcakes. But I cannot duplicate their buttter cream and that is where the magic is. I've been having to practice great will power not to drive over there every week!
5	If I could give this place TEN stars, I would.  Then I'd take away one of them because they don't ship anywhere, and that breaks my heart since I live in Chicago.  I was on vacation to Vegas a few weeks ago, and we went here. . It's a HIKE from the strip, a 53$ cab ride hike to be exact (whoops), but it was SO incredibly worth it. SO. TOTALLY. WORTH. IT. These are hands down THE BEST cupcakes I have EVER had.  I bought some to bring home with me, and they lasted well over a week and were STILL 100% FRESH (simply saran wrap the box).  I bought the following:Pink Lemonade - this is by far tied for my favorite. Hopscotch (butterscotch) - this is also tied for my favoriteCreamsicle - close secondIced Tea - thirdWe went in on a Sunday, and Brownie Sundae was the flavor - SO GOOD.  It wasn't a cupcake, but an ACTUAL brownie, baked into the shape of a cupcake, and topped with buttercream (of course!).   Kari realized we'd come all the way out just to try her cupcakes, and she gave us free bottles of water AND free brownie sundae cupcakes. She also added us all to her twitter account.I don't know what on earth you people that don't think these are the best cupcakes in the world are on, but its obviously something.  The cupcakes are to die for, and Kari and Brian are insanely nice. One thing:  for $20 they'll deliver any size order to the strip.  Next year on our annual trip, I can promise you we'll be ordering a ton of cupcakes the first day there, and simply having them delivered. Kari: YOU NEED TO SHIP TO CHICAGO!
1	If I could give this place a 0 rating, I would. Being in need of someone to make my wedding cake, I found Retro's website and thought that had some amazing designs. I called and spoke to Brian, who told me that I didn't need to make an appointment, just to come down. He told me that all of their cake flavors were available as cupcakes, so there was no reason for an appointment.My matron of honor and I showed up to find 3 different flavors of cupcakes available (lemon, white and chocolate). When I said I was there for a cake testing, I was then told the cost was $20, something that was NOT mentioned to me over the phone by Brian. I was okay with paying the $20, even though they didn't mention it on the phone, but they had only 3 flavors left to choose from! Add to that my frustration of driving 40 minutes in rush hour traffic to get to this place....well, I wasn't too happy. Not to mention, I wasn't planning on having a PB&J wedding cake, so I really couldn't TASTE the cake unless I scraped off all the foofoo frosting, which is really what they charge you for.  Carrie then informed us that no bakeries in town offer free cake tasting (which is a complete lie).They didn't offer me a book of wedding cake pictures or seem really to want any information, other than for me to buy the cupcakes, so my guess is that they really don't WANT to do wedding cakes. Besides, why would I pay $20 to sample their cupcakes (a $7 savings over their normal price) when I don't want a cupcake for my wedding cake, and then in addition, I have to pay for my wedding cake? Forget it!Judging from the other reviews and the customers in the store when I was there, my guess is that this place has pretty good cupcakes, but I would NEVER recommend them for wedding cakes!
5	I want to live here.Some people come to Vegas for the alcohol and others come for the gambling.  I come for, well, the alcohol and the gambling but I balance out the Naughty with some Nice in the form of cupcakes.These cupcakes were BEYOND amazing.  I felt like Willy Wonka when I kept telling my BF "the PB&J tastes like PB&J!! The cotton candy tastes like cotton candy!!!"I can't say which one is better.  I tasted the Red Carpet, Cotton Candy, PB&J, cookies & cream, Hop Scotch, and each and every one of them was delicious.  The owner helped me out at the counter.  She was super nice and very welcoming.  When I told her that I was taking the cupcakes to San Diego, she said I could have called her in the morning so she could store my selections in the fridge for the trip home.  That's above and beyond.  Not to mention that they are SO good.  I'm really hoping that she considers opening up a San Diego location.... because, well, Las Vegas shouldn't be the only place that gets to feast in these goodies.  It's not anywhere near the strip, which, to me is a good thing.  Not so good if you flew in and have no transportation other than a cab.  But if you have a car and manage to peel away from the machines for a few minutes, Go here.  You definitely won't regret it.p.s. Carrie, I'm serious.  WAAAAAY better than Sprinkles.
5	By far the best bakery in town!
3	Being spoiled on the east coast with a handful of gourmet cupcake spots, I have to say the ones at Retro are only OK in my books.  We got a dozen of them and of the ones I had so far, the frosting is not what I had expected.  It's a buttercream, which is great, but I found it a little dry and not moist and smooth.  I bit into the toffee break and you can really taste the richness of the chocolate cake.  Good stuff, I like how it's dense and moist.  The pieces of toffee blend well as far as textures.  Another one I had was the mint chocolate chip.  The mint flavor in the frosting is bold and you can really taste it.  Personally, I didn't like it too much.  The next one I tasted was the cinnamon toast.  The frosting in this was was way BOLD, you can really taste the cinnamon flavor and I think it was a little overpowering and you couldn't taste the cake at all.  My second bite, I had to take the frosting in half.Haven't got to taste the rest of the variety pack yet, but I'll probably expect similar results.  Anyway, decent gourmet cupcake place, there are other ones in the DC area which are better.  At $2.50/each, I have to say this is a good price compared to what I've paid for these little bad boys elsewhere.
5	I ordered a dozen of their cupcakes to be delivered to my hotel (yes they deliver to your hotel!) on my wedding night. Brian delivered them and I felt so bad for making him wait, I was trying to get back to my hotel as quick as possible after the wedding and he was kind enough to wait! Their customer service is amazing. The cupcakes were great! The chocolate banana one was interesting and delicious as as the cookies and milk! Oh the Maple Bacon was probably my favorite out of all of the cupcakes.Thank you so much Retro! And I will definitely be coming back for more when I'm in the area!
5	Wow, my new favorite cupcake place!  I have tried all the typical LA cupcake places but this is the best.  Great cupcakes and not too badly priced either.  I loved all the variety.  We each bought 4 and munched on them all weekendi n our hotel.  Will definitely go back!
5	My favorite place for cupcakes!  My favorites are Chocolate Fountain, Milk & Cookies, Hopscotch, and Hot Chocolate.  Worth the drive from the strip for sure.  I think they're worth the drive all the way from California!Kari, the owner, is great.  Here's to continued success!
5	We visited Retro yesterday and I have to say, I was pleased :) I have heard about Retro a few times while visiting LV and was happy to see them featured on the Cupcakes Take The Cake blog (I'm a cupcake FANATIC and nerd all at the same time, so I read all the cupcake blogs!) and they were given great reviews!I perused their flavor list online before visiting so that I knew what I wanted as soon as I went in.  Thankfully, everything on my wishlist was there in the case :)  I got the Hopscotch (and announced to my husband when we got back in the car that he could have whatever he wanted in the box EXCEPT the Hopscotch and that while I did love him, that one? Was MINE), Red Carpet, Chocolate Covered Banana, Glazed Donut, Drumstick, and the Apple Cider.  Of course once we got back to our hotel, I dove (literally) into the Hopscotch and was giddy! The cake was light and moist and the buttercream was exactly what buttercream should be - delectable and not too heavy, not too light!  $2.50 per cupcake was reasonable; I have paid more for far inferior cupcakes.  Cute shop, love the black and yellow!I'm from SoCal where the big boy cupcakeries are Sprinkles and Crumbs Bakeshop and while I love Sprinkles, they are huge cupcakes and I can usually only eat one and then I am down for the count.  Not so with Retro.  Their cupcakes are normal size and you can eaaaaasily wolf down two cupcakes, possibly three, before the gluttony guilt begins to rear its ugly head.  I was uber happy with that!!  I am glad that I gave Retro a shot this time on my trip to LV because my last trip here, I tried *another* local cupcake bakery and was sorely disappointed (I actually threw cupcakes in the trash and I don't toss anything, I'm no quitter!).  Am I a cupcake snob? Sort of.  I appreciate a well-made cupcake.  Most bakeries go for presentation but miss the mark on flavor and originality.  Retro hits the mark! They have won me over and I will gladly be back every trip to LV (and possibly once again before I leave this weekend!!).
5	My favorite bakery!!! You'll love em hands down!!!!
4	I'm really picky about my cupcakes. Anyway, I've had Retro Bakery cupcakes more than once, lots of my friends love them for catering and of course, Kari's really cool about supporting the arts and being involved locally.So: frosting is buttercream, and sometimes is covered in a chocolate or other flavor shell. Really good, some unusual flavors which are fun. I like the mint one, but being traditionalist I usually get chocolate.The problem is that I'm not super crazy about the cake here, or the construction. The frosting is piled up so high that it is hard for me to take a bite of both frosting AND cake without smashing it all over my glasses or nose. Still, they're pretty awesome cupcakes and I would recommend them, I'm just not entirely sure why people go crazy over them. Though the owner is a wonderful person. It  is the best bakery on this side of town, though.
2	Went here to see what the hype what about this place, I wasn't that great like I thought it would be. Their cupcakes were okay, just way too much frosting which made it too sweet. However, they do have a variety of different flavors to choose from but they just need to lay off the frosting a tad bit.
5	I was very pleased with the cupcakes here.First off, I am not normally a buttercream person- I usually am all about the cream cheese frosting (makes sense since my fave cupcakes is Red Velvet or  Carrot). Here, the buttercream was great- it was thick...I do not like soft frosting that is closer to the consistency of whipped cream. The frosting was enjoyable. We got brownie sundae, a red carpet, hopscotch and maple bacon. All were good flavors, but hopscotch was my favorite one. Second was the red carpet which I thought I might not like...not really into many almond flavored things since its usually artificial flavoring taste and red velvet is my favorite and I just cant get into the idea of red cake minus my yummy cream cheese frosting but this was yummy.Will be coming back. Definitely one of the best cupcake spots in town and this one is just a few blocks down from my house! YAY!_______________________UPDATE:Simple update....I'm glad to have "converted" some people over and that this was featured as my ROTD put a little light to a good bakery.I went today again....and it was as scrumptious in other flavors as its star flavors. Some places have just some stars to offer and some okay other flavors. I don't think any flavor can disappoint. We're gonna be regulars. I still can't decide if being 2 minutes away from the house is a good or bad thing. Haha.
4	Wow.  That's the best way to describe it.  Wow.Thanks to Jade W., I decided to take a trip two minutes away from my house to this small bakery on Durango.  I was excited because the reviews rave great cupcakes, and as my fans and readers know, I've only found one place in Vegas (Mad Hatter) that makes cupcakes well.  Now I have two on my fave list, and this beats Mad Hatter for me.Retro Bakery is totally awesome sporting cupcakes and cakes to order.  They have a multitude of flavors and some special ones time and again.  They are adorable!  Their shop is in this tiny corner shopping center next to Walgreens on Durango right between a nail salon and an eatery.  When you walk in you're greeted by sweet women behind the counter, clean cream colored walls, and this awesome yellow retro fridge holding their drinks behind the register.  Their small glass case displays their cupcakes, and when I went there were 18 kinds to choose from.I didn't want to miss out on any great flavors, and I wanted to drop a half dozen to my husband's work, so I grabbed all 18 to go.  I'm so glad that I did.  First off, their cupcakes are visually pleasing.  They are all about their frosting--a nice, old fashioned buttercream that's flavored according to the cupcakes that it tops.  Ranging from original  vanilla with regular buttercream to this crazy hop scotch cupcake that looks like a dipped butterscotch ice cream cone (the topping does, anyway), they have maple bacon cupcakes and more!  I took a picture of one of the boxes of cupcakes that I have with me right now.  I literally opened it while driving because I couldn't wait to try one, and I reached for the vanilla with strawberry butercream on top.  I have this issue with overtopping cupcakes with too much frosting, and Retro doesn't hold back at all. However, I'd like to emphasize that you will definitely eat all their buttercream on top because it's not too sweet, just right, and it just looks darn cute. Now, for the cupcake review:Vanilla cupcake with strawberry buttercream:  Fan-tas-tic.  Moist, vanilla cake that's perfectly moist but can hold up to the buttercream swirled on top.  The flavor is perfect and the cake itself is not too sweet--just right.  Same thing goes with that gorgeous buttercream frosting on top.  I loved it and I took half of it off, only to find myself eating the rest of that frosting by itself.  It was really good.Tart Cupcake: I believe that was the name of the label.  It tastes like a tart cranberry cupcake with lemonade buttercream on top.  It was tart and sweet, and a perfect springtime cupcake.  Absolutely tart-o-licious!Glazed Donut:  Just as it's named.  This cupcake tastes like a krispy kreme original glazed donut with a cupcake texture.  That glaze they put on top is awesome and if I didn't know any better I'd say Johnny (their head baker) stole the krispy kreme recipe.  It's my favorite that I'll definitely go back for on a regular basis.Maple bacon: This one is definitely a foodie favorite.  If you like to put bacon in your waffles or in french toast, you'll dig this cupcake.  It's sweet and savory with chewy real bacon pieces on top of the maple buttercream and inside the cupcake.  It was a true first for me and I actually enjoyed it!  great flavor and texture, but I have a feeling that people who aren't too adventurous will like this with the first bite. Trust me, though, it sounds strange, but bacon lovers will swoon over it.I have many more that I could review individually, but you just have to go and try it for yourself.  All of them are moist, delicious, and just right.  I love the ambiance of the bakery, the flavors that they sell and their prices.  The prices are more than fair for their cupcakes.  I'm looking forward to ordering a birthday cake from them for my husband this month!  From the pictures on yelp they look fantastic.Overall, retro is a great cupcake place that's stolen my heart.  You have to stop by and try this place when you're in the area because it's definitely worth it.
4	We love this place. They quality is so good we never waste time baking deserts for company anymore. The variety they offer is outstanding. Our guests are always impressed. We have never gotten anything we didn't like. Why are we just finding out how awesome good  cupcakes can be? It seems like the cupcake has been around for  a long time but no one took it to the next level until 3 years ago. Regardless, I am glad they did and Retro does it just as good as anybody.
4	Oh Retro Bakery how I love thee... Your cake is so moist and thick and now you're finally selling your yummy chocolate chip cookies -A little piece of heaven for only a buck!!!  My favorite cupcake is The ICE TEA CUPCAKE and yay it's back this month and hopfully stays at least through the summer...I do also love MILK & COOKIES and PB & J. I wish you would do more fruity flavors like mango or how about a full strawberry cupcake because if Retro Bakery does it you know it's going to be good!! The owners are cool ,always nice and helpful and it's always very clean and cute inside!!!Retro Bakery pulled off the Bacon cupcake-it's yummy (Cupcakery's version is yucky!!!)I live on the other side of town but my work is right by Retro and I don't  know what I would do if I worked elsewhere....Retro Bakery open another location on the South side of Vegas Please...
5	Very good cupcakes. I still have some left at home to try but I'm very pleased so far. Add onto how delicious the cupcakes are with how friendly and cool the staff was and its a great combination.Ended up seeing the owners of Retro at the Slider Truck a little bit later and it was nice to see the mutual respect both businesses have for each other.The only downfall of Retro was its too far from my house! Why can't they be like right next door so I can walk there? lolGot the Chocolate Banana (very tasty, thought banana cream was a little too sweet), Chocolate chip cookie, maple bacon. Can't wait to try more!
5	I get the name, I get the owners, and most importantly I get (love) the "Retro" cupcakes. The reason I get what they are up to is because they understand how to interact with their customer base. I drove to LV from LA (OC) because they are more than willing to interact with me and their fan base on Twitter. They are funny and entertaining with their tweets which causes me and others to follow what they are baking and want to drive 5 hours to try some of the best cupcakes EVER.  Even the flaovors have names that are retro. The owners and the baked goods ROCK.Pictures and more soon on my blog. www.gourmetfoodtrk.com
5	Delicious mini-cupcakes. We got 10 different flavors and had way too many for our ~35 people, but you can get two flavors per dozen so you could get a smaller number and still have a lot of variety. My favorites were the Pink Lemonade (lemon cake with pink lemonade buttercream) and the Pucker Up (raspberry cake with lemon buttercream); my husband loved the Brownie Sundae (basically a brownie in cupcake form); guests also particularly liked the Blueberry Pancake (blueberry cake with maple buttercream), the Peanut Butter Cup (chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream), and the Vanilla Loves Chocolate (vanilla cake with chocolate buttercream). Don't worry--it was pretty much all delicious.They delivered to our hotel before the wedding, a couple of hours before we had to head out to Valley of Fire, well-wrapped so the cake would stay fresh for our 9pm reception; the delivery fee anywhere on the Strip is $20, which is not bad at all.Also, they include sales tax in their prices! This is a big deal; the sales tax in Clark County is 8.1%, but it's folded into their prices, which at $12/dozen mini-cupcakes are already very good.Basically, if I had to do it again, I would just get 2/person, even with a large variety--we thought so many choices would encourage people to pig out, but we had a TON of leftovers with about 4/person. My husband and I were eating them for a couple of days after. The ones that kept the best were probably the Pucker Up and Blueberry Pancake ones, I think because they actually had some fruit in the batter to moisten them a little more. The Brownie Sundae ones probably went stale the fastest, but they make no pretense about these having a long shelf life. As they point out on their website, who would let them sit around in anything but extraordinary wedding leftover circumstances? I've heard freezing cake doesn't yield very good results, but I'm already hoping we can make a 1-year anniversary trip to Vegas next year and stop by the Retro Bakery for celebratory cupcakes!One other thing: They rent/sell cupcake towers, and will also do 6" cakes to top them if you want more of a traditional cake for cutting--we just didn't really want to bother with that. We brought in our own cardboard cupcake towers from Target, but it turned out we could have bought styrofoam ones for about the same price ($15 apiece) from Retro Bakery directly.
4	True Sad story: Go ahead grab your tissues-As I said in my previous review my favorite cupcake at Retro is the Ice Tea cupcake which came back as the flavor of the month in May. I was so busy that before I knew it  May came and went and I never made it over to Retro to get my favorite cupcacke (Boo Hoo) But a light bulb appeared over my cute head (in my opinion!) and I thought maybe there is hope. Normally cupcakes of the month spill over and hang around a few months...As I checked the website the Ice Tea cupcake disappeared (Boo Hoo) ...I went to Retro to try the Big Kahuna Cupcake (Coconut cake topped with Pineapple Buttercream, yes it was good!!!) Kari told me something that I couldn't believe - The Ice Tea cupcake just didn't sell- What's wrong with you people??? It's so good...I know what your thinking -Too Bad, So Sad, Move On - Fine, but I'll be pouting the whole time....
2	So I'd love to give Retro a good review but I can't. I'm getting married in Las Vegas in August and a friend of mine who was vacationing in Vegas brought me a dozen cupcakes from their bakery to taste. Most of them were yummy.... even though they had traveled from Vegas to Los Angeles. The problem is not the cupcakes.... it's the staff and their willingness to accommodate the customer. My wedding is on a Sunday afternoon, Retro Bakery is not open on Sunday. I was told they would deliver the night before to the reception restaurant. I found out this week that the reception restaurant cannot accept baked goods a day in advance due to the health code. I asked Retro what I could do to get their cupcakes at my reception and rather than having someone come in and deliver on Sunday (which would take all of maybe an hour) to make a sale and a happy customer.... they told me to ask the hotel I was staying in if they would keep the cupcakes in one of their refrigerators overnight and then I would have to get someone to transport them to the restaurant. Excuse me? I'm paying $400 for cupcakes (it's only sugar and flour people!) only to have to schlep around a hotel in Vegas to get them to my reception? I think Retro could care less about their customers.... they think they are way too cool for school. I found another bakery that not only delivers in Vegas on Sundays but they also don't charge for delivery and set up (unlike Retro).... Sorry, maybe I'm not cool enough for Retro but I think with the way the economy is today that something as small as a delivery should be workable. This is the first review I have made on Yelp.... I just thought people should know that Retro will not go out of their way for their customers....
5	Retro Bakery gets five-stars in every way.  The cupcakes are the best I've ever had ( based on approx. 58 years of experience).  The flavors are always innovative without being pretentiously trendy, and the staff and owners, Kari & Brian, are two genuinely nice people who love what they're doing (I'm sure the princess who complained that they wouldn't deliver on a Sunday was able to find a 24/7 bakery with equal quality...yeah, right.)In a city where every strip mall is filled with franchised crap, wannabe's who don't know what they're doing, or money-grubbing smoke shop owners, it's great to have a quality business with a superior product and owners who like being part of their community.
5	The trip to Retro Bakery in Vegas completed my vacation.  Kari, the owner,  and her husband Brian, are doing an amazing job with this cupcake shop! The buttercream is To. Die. For!  Soooo yummy!!!
5	The Hopscotch cupcakes and sugar cookies are BOMB!
5	When a friend came into town, he asked me if we could go visit a cupcake bakery that he had seen me talking to on Twitter. I said sure and we began our trek from the South West part of Las Vegas. I was not aware of the amount of time it can take to drive out to the bakery, but we pressed on and knew the buttercream goodness was just a few more miles away. I mention this so anyone on the South side of town is prepared for it.Once we reached the bakery, Kari the proprietor, was there to greet us. She knew who we were from seeing our Twitter pictures, so that was nice. Then we spent a while flipping through her many cake photo books. There are some cool looking cakes in those books if you're looking for something to get for a special anniversary, birthday or just for fun. Her retro kitch is key to the culture of the company and who work there.She then proceeded to give all three of us the run down on what was available that day. We settled on a 'red carpet' red velvet cupcake with pink sugar crystals and almond buttercream on top, a cookies & cream cupcake that is chocolate with cookie crumbles and a creamy buttercream top, a maple bacon cupcake with vanilla cake and a bacon crumble top & maple syrup plus more maple buttercream, a hop scotch cupcake that includes vanilla cake topped with vanilla buttercream plus it was smothered in butterscotch ganache, a chocolate banana cupcake that was a chocolate cake with a nice banana tasting buttercream on top.We enjoyed a cupcake each at the bakery shop and took the above mentioned ones home for later. Little did we know that these suckers are big and had the second one the next day. I encourage anyone in Las Vegas, if you have the round trip time, to go and see for yourself what this place is all about. Thanks to Kari for helping us out with the choices and for the complimentary half dozen assortment. You can find them for $2.65 a piece, $14.50 for a half dozen and $29 for a full dozen. Tell Kari, if you see her, that Chris @24k sent you.
3	Omnomnom! Retro Bakery has great cupcakes! Sometimes a little too great.. I've found sometimes that all that buttercream is just  too much. I love a pile of sweetened fat as much as the next person but I think I OD'd on buttercream at one point and now I can't eat them without feeling a little sick. So sad. :(
5	Retro Bakery did my wedding cupcakes. I had vanilla on vanilla cupcakes, Peanut Butter Cup Cupcakes with a Vanilla on Vanilla mini cake. People still rave about how amazing my cupcakes were. They delivered and were so delish I still think about them.
5	Retro Bakery has the most amazing cupcakes in town, hands down! Don't even try to argue with me on this!I live in Spring Valley and they are located in the North West (practically to Mount Charleston), but they are worth the drive! Believe me. I am an avid Cupcake Enthusiast. I went in with a girlfriend yesterday, we order 5 cupcakes, sometimes I wish all places had pu pu platters (I want to taste is ALL). They were out of the Salted Caramel Crunch (which is what I was told to try) and Kari, said she'd make a few of them up for us, we didn't even have to ask!!! How awesome is that?The cakes on each of the 5 we got were fluffy and moist. They weren't airy or dry or crusty and each one of them was pretty dense and heavy. I don't know the secret to her frosting, but every different type I got to indulge in was epically awesome. Not too sweet, not too oily, not too bland. They were PERFECT.The bakery was nice and clean. It had a 1950s refrigerator that added ambiance and tied in to the whole "retro" concept. Retro is tucked away in a shopping center, there is limited seating, I think I saw one love seat. I wish they had hot coffee, a few tables, and this place would be complete.This is place really knocked my socks off! The cupcakes were fresh, there was an wide range assortment of varieties and flavor profiles. The staff was friendly, informative, and helpful. I wish I lived closer, but at the same time I am thankful I don't. I can only imagine the calorie count, but when cupcakes are made like this (PERFECTION, HEAVEN, JOYGASM IN MY MOUTH) it's hard to not rationalize the calorie intake!Well done, Retro Bakery, well done. Bravo! I will be back.
5	My brother from Washington D.C. got me these for my birthday and anniversary and the were so DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly recommend. They also delivered them to my house which was very convenient.
5	This place still ranks very high in my quest for the perfect baked good. I have tried just about every cupcake flavor they offer and have yet to be disappointed. My personal favorites these days are the brownie sundae cupcake and their COOKIES. The only thing better than a Retro cupcake??? Their cookies! They bake sugar cookies with a layer of buttercream (vanilla with sprinkles or cinnamon sugar) during the week and MegaChip cookies on Saturdays. If I were a wealthy woman I'd have some cute courier boy bring a batch of their cookies to me on a daily basis...
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE their cupcakes!  We got Red Carpet and Salted Caramel Crunch...and a little taste of the Maple Bacon too!  They were so yummmy!!!  OMG they were so moist and delicious.  The frosting is a little sweet, but I'm not one to complain.  I LOVE frosting and sweetness...come on it's a dessert!!!  It should be sweet and decadent!!  The owners are so nice and the service was great!!!  I ordered these little yummy treats a day or two (at most) before I needed them and I was not disappointed.  I relied on Yelp reviewers to help me pick Retro Bakery and it didn't hurt that they also had delivery!  I will definitely go to Retro the next time I need cupcakes in Vegas....
5	Always great to swing by Retro for a sweet / tart treat.  Most recent visit we got the flavor of the month Grammys Grapefruit.  I would have liked a bit more tartness, but over all it was well balanced.Also got the salted caramel, my current favorite, but never forget about the maple bacon, that is really the one that started it all.  Another great spot in the North West part of town, it is worth the drive.
5	I was at a kid's birthday party last weekend where they were serving pizza and cupcakes for lunch. When I found out that the cupcakes were from Retro Bakery I started getting a little anxious. I only saw a few cupcakes sitting out on the table so I wasn't sure if they were just for the kids or if there were enough for the adults. I was ready to bum rush the table and push aside any toddler in my way to get my hands on Retro's infamous buttercream. After thinking about it (and picturing my wife's look of horror and anger if I did) I decided to do the mature thing and wait. I waited and waited. I waited patiently as each kid went up and grabbed a cupcake with their tiny little hands. When the green light was given to the adults, I quickly made my way to the table, weaving through the crowd of kids and parents. I was like Barry Sanders back in the day -- spinning, juking, cutting from side to side to reach the end zone. As it turned out, they had a ton of mini cupcakes. There were more than enough to satisfy my appetite.Everything I tried was as good as I imagined. Soft, moist cakes topped with rich, flavorful, and silky-smooth buttercream. Here's how I would rank them:1) Chocolate fountain (chocolate cake topped w/ chocolate buttercream and dipped in chocolate ganache)2) Hop scotch (vanilla cake topped w/ vanilla buttercream dipped in butterscotch ganache)3) Cookies and cream (chocolate cake toped w/ crushed chocolate sandwich cookie buttercream)4) Red Carpet (Red cake topped w/ almond buttercream and red glitter sugar)5) Strawberry banana (fresh banana cake topped w/ strawberry buttercream)The mini-cupcakes were a great way to go. I got to sample several flavors without making myself violently ill. There's a lot of hype around Retro Bakery, but it's all well deserved.
5	Always delicious! I've just about tried everything and even flavors I normally do not enjoy like lemon flavors, I can appreciate in their creations. I think I'll always be a regular as long as they keep making cupcakes.Just wanted to add to give the cookies a try too. Big cookies for a dollar and their chocolate chip and sugar&cinnamon cookies are good, but to me the super chunk cookies (has white, chocolate, butterscotch, peanut butter chips) is the star which the apparently make on Saturdays. Give them a go. Seriously if we ever sell our house I will be sure to list Retro Bakery under amenities/ neighborhood attractions in our listing. I know I'm not the only nut who looks for baked goods and granite countertop while finding a home....right?
5	Far and away the best cupcakes in Vegas! Perfectly moist, dense, with refreshing yummy buttercream. My personal favorite is the Pucker Up-- a vanilla cupcake with raspberries in it and lemon buttercream. The strawberry buttercream is fantastic too. Cakes are very reasonably priced too! The owners are super nice and grateful to their customers-- this is exactly the kind of shop you should be proud to support!
5	I cannot say enough good things about Retro Bakery. A hip retro style bakery with friendly staff and excellent cupcakes. My personal favorites are the 9th Island (vanilla cake mixed with white chocolate and macadamia nuts topped with coconut buttercream - In honor of Vegas being called the 9th Island by Hawaiians!) and Coffee and Donuts (vanilla cake covered in donut glaze and topped with a dollop of coffee buttercream). Delish! These are the best cupcakes I have ever had, no joke! I also have had custom cakes made by Retro Bakery and they are as tasty as their cupcakes and impressive on the eyes. Go buy a cupcake and you will not be disappointed. While you are there buy me one too!
5	I recently had a wedding in Vegas and we had Retro Bakery provide 6 different flavours of cupcakes and a 6" red velvet cake all presented on one of their 4 tier stands.  The results were amazing!!  http://flic.kr/p/8Chz9FWe had so many great comments on how yummy the cupcakes were and Retro Bakery were so incredibly helpful to make sure I got exactly what I asked for!!!Thank you so much guys for making this part of our reception so easy and beautiful!!!
5	Kari and Brian....you rocked my world!!Your cupcakes are legit and so are you!We ordered 6 dozen assorted cupcakes for our Las Vegas wedding.  I couldn't make up my mind on what I wanted so I said...you pick. They were the best damn cupcakes I have ever had in my entire life.   We even picked up a couple for breakfast...maple bacon and glazed donut.....best breakfast I have ever had!Kari was actually working the counter when we walked in.  She made us feel welcome...like we were regular customers.  She even gave me some words of encouragement about opening my own bakery some day (on the other side of the country.....there is no way I could compete with Retro).I can't wait to go back!  We are already planning a trip in December!
5	Such a cool little cupcake oasis in the Las Vegas desert! Visiting this bakery was definitely one of the highlights of my trip to Vegas. I was impressed by the presentation in the display case and also with the flavor assortment. I visited at the end of August so some of the choices we had were : iced tea, chocolate loves chocolate, cotton candy, pink lemonade... I picked up a box of one dozen and took them with me to a get-together with family and they were a hit! Kari, the owner, offered top-notch customer service. I guarantee I'll be back many more times in the future.
2	I am sad to say that I was less than satisfied with this cupcake place.I drove all the way from henderson to try these cupcakes. For a place that boasts the motto "All About the Buttercream" I was expecting better. The 'buttercream' hinted at a possibility of vegetable shortening and the overload of powdered sugar is EXTREMELY evident. This results in a very stiff 'buttercream' that is sickeningly sweet and dry.I tried the peanut butter and chocolate cupcake. The cake was a little tough and dry, possibly overmixed. The frosting had a slight hint of peanut butter, but did not give me that delicious peanuty flavor I was hoping for.My sister ordered several cupcakes as well, and she too experienced the stiff and overly sweet fake buttercream. I REPEAT - For a place that boldly uses 'All About the Buttercream' In their title, should perhaps use actual butter and hold back on the powdered sugar.
5	like ive said before, fed wife = happy wife.  came here in the morning around 9am.....yes this is what she ate for breakfast. as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by a very nice man (who im assuming is brian, one of the owners).  my wife is very indecisive and this nice man was so patient with her.  she didnt know how many cupcakes she wanted or which cupcakes she wanted.  i take that back, she wanted them ALL.  but she decided on 6.  she ordered 2 of the maple bacon (which is the #1 reason why she wanted to try this place), one strawberry banana (banana cake with strawberry buttercream), red carpet (red velvet with almond buttercream), coffee and donuts (vanilla cake covered in donut glaze with coffee buttercream), and a pink lemonade (lemon cake with pink lemonade buttercream). i got one - the peanut butter cup (chocolate cake with peanut butter buttercream).  dont worry, she did share with me!  a little.  coffee and donuts came out on top - everything about this cupcake was good.  the cake and the frosting and the glaze.  pink lemonade came in at #2 (the lemon wasnt too strong which we both liked), followed by the maple bacon, then the strawberry banana (she liked this frosting the best), and finally the red carpet.  she said the cake was delicious on the red carpet but she didnt like the almond buttercream frosting.  too used to the cream cheese frosting that is normally on red velvet i guess. i liked my pb cup cupcake, she didnt want to try that one but i thought it was really good.this was definitely the best cupcake place we have gone to in vegas. sure wish we got our wedding cupcakes from here when we got married a couple years ago!  great cupcakes and great service!  i guess maybe for our next wedding....
5	We have been here more times I care to admit. We have tried most of the flavors so I thought it might be useful to have a running list of the cupcakes and what I thought. I can only do an update so many times saying I'm here yet again and that Keri and Brian's place is awesome. AVAILABLE EVERYDAY*RED CARPET a classic done better! I love me some creamcheese frosting, but seriously, the almond sets it off right. *HOP SCOTCH another classic stepped up. Plain vanilla on vanilla is boring to me. Also, I was that kid who got the butterscotch magic shell and kept making shells until the ice cream melted. I loves me butterscotch topping. *APPLE CIDER It's kinda like a "breakfast" cupcake to me. It reminds me of having a apple struesel. *MILK& COOKIES  I don't even like chocolate chip cookies much, but this was pretty good. It's good for people who like chcolate but can't do chocolate on chocolate.*COFFEE&DOUGHNUTS It's a bit sweet to me with the glaze, but it's good.*PEANUT BUTTER CUP  I don't do chocolate often but I love the combo of it with peanut butter. Theirs isn't too sweet so it's not overwhelming, but it is rich. *PINK LEMONADE I do not like lemon cake so it's hard for me to judge this. I do appreciate this one though since it's not that fake lemon taste that made me dislike lemon desserts in the first place but it's too lemon for me* PUCKER UP I like this compared to the pink lemonade since the raspberry breaks the lemon. This was a lemon treat I can get into....in a small dosage, like biting my BFs cupcake. *MAPLE BACON I love bacon. I'm sorry Jews. It's not bacon-y that some people might think. It's more like having a maple flavor that has a slight salty element similar to salt water taffy.*DRUMSTICK If you don't like butterscotch- here's the chcolate version. The nuts are okay, but I probably would like this without....that defeats the purpose of a drumstick though.*COOKIES&CREAM  Tis okay but nothing beats the actual cookie to me....or a shake. FLAVOR OF THE DAY*BROWNIE SUNDAE  Good idea, but the one I had was the last one and it was a bit dry. I should maybe try another one. I left this one in my fridge so it might be different fresh.*BLUEBERRY PANCAKE it's another "breakfast" cupcake. Actually not too sweet, the berries were abundant in mine too! SEASONAL*SALTED CARAMEL CRUNCH This is probably one of my favorite cupcake flavors. Unfortunately, it's seasonal, but so glad it's been brought back again! I was sad the first time around. I like salty/sweet profiles and caramel. CHOCOLATE BANANAThis was okay. Good in concept, but I think I just don't like banana sweets aside from a banana cake and whole bananas. *SPICY PUMPKINI thought it was a good cupcake. It had a lot moister, softer consistency than some of the other cupcakes and the cream was really creamy on this one. The thing is, it is more spice than sweet so I don't think it's for everyone. I know Elnino F. didn't like it as much as I did. The BF and I are fans of Dutch spice cake (Spekkoek) and it reminds me of that. CHOCOLATE ORANGE  Pretty delish! Orange and chocolate is no fail. The cake was more airy than usual though.BLACKBIRDUnfortunately, it was spoiled. It had fresh blackberries in it, and it just went wonky within the few days.. I only had it in the fridge like a day though....bought Monday, tried to eat Weds. DISCONTINUED? SEASONAL? These I thought were on the Daily Flavors, but aren't anywhere to be seen now.*PB&J (Vanilla cake injected with strawberry jelly with peanut butter buttercream) Good, but I prefer the peanut butter cup....It's the jelly for me- me no likes.*CREAMSICKLE (orange cake with vanilla and orange swirl buttercream) The BF and I actually really liked this. Again orange cake isn't normally something I'm a fan of, but this was good.*TOFFEE BREAK (chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream and crushed Heath bars) decentAlso a little FYI that for VEGANS-you can special request VEGAN versions of Chocolate Loves Vanilla Bean and also Crunchy Peanut Butter Cup with a vegan butter cream.COOKIESBig cookies and they're $1 only. CINNAMON SUGAR- snickerdoodle on crack. It's sweeter than a usual snickerdoodle because it has cinnamon buttercream on it but it's noms. I always get these.CHOCOLATE CHIP- pretty good. Definitely one of the better ones I've had.ULTIMATE CHIP (cookie with chocolate chip, white chocolate, peanut butter and butterscotch chips) I like this a lot but I see it's not for everyone. If you're more into the cookie and less chips, this is practically all chips. It's like eating a chocolate bar, with cookie dough holding it together. This is made on Saturdays only I believe. It'll be continued so long as there's a Retro Bakery!
5	Don't go anywhere else for cupcakes... These are the best. They truly are! -- I highly recommend the Drumstick! -- Even if you don't live in this area they are worth the drive!! DELICIOUS!!
4	$2.65 each...try the signature Hop Scotch, vanilla dipped in butterscotch ganache...
5	retro cupcake changed my life and i am a lady who loves her cupcakes after coming from nyc. i have been so eager to go for 5 months now and finally made it. (it is all the way across town from me sadly.) i decided to go for the apple cider cupcake. i didnt even want to share with my mom! it was gone in less than 3 minutes. so tasteful, soft, and fluffy. i surprised my boyfriend with the drumstick cupcake which surprisingly he ate within 5 minutes. (and he doesnt even like sweets!) it tasted just like the ice cream just not as cold. my mother got the friday special brownie sundae cupcake which was a little piece of heaven in your mouth. lucky for me she shared. i will be thinking of ways to convince people to make the drive up there biweekly so i can get my sugar fix. i am very pleased and wish i came much sooner! they will be presents for people for parties and housewarmings from now on so i can change people lives with just the little delights in life.
5	oh retro bakery...we meet again. it's love.so my mother surprised me today by telling me we could go up to retro bakery to get some more cupcakes. i did not put up a fight there. in fact, i think i was ready to go in less than 30 seconds. i mean, after all, this is the cupcake that did indeed change my life.while in the car i decided to twitter my excitement and how i wanted the gingerbread cupcake. now i wasn't thinking that it was a twice a week flavor for the month of december so when i got there i found out it was friday which meant brownie sundae flavor. (which is still amazing. i got one last time!) as the counter girl (who was super sweet and helpful) informed me of the no gingie (pout) the owner, Kari, came through the backdoor asking if i was the one who tweeted for the gingie and said she was making it for me right now! she remembered me from last time and how we drove all the way across town. southern highlands to durango and the 95 is not just around the corner. (although for my sweet tooth's sake i wish it was.) you could only imagine the excitement on my face. Kari saved the day! my mother ordered a dozen cupcakes. all sorts of fun holiday flavors. I'm excited to try the sprinkled donut flavor with red and green sprinkles!now this is excellent customer service. i still can't believe she remembered me! everyone in there is so friendly and helpful. i love retro.i ordered 2 dozen mini cupcakes to pick up next saturday for a birthday party and i can't wait to go back in. if only every customer experience could be like this. the business world would be a much better place.
4	I ordered cupcakes and a 9" cake from Retro for my wedding in 2009.I did a LOT of research on the internet (since I live in Indiana!) on the best place for cupcakes in Vegas. Time and again, people chose Retro.Kari and Brian were super helpful. I didn't want a lot of fuss, but I knew I wanted cupcakes and a cake that went with our themes - an Elvis wedding and our reception in an Irish Pub (we met on St. Patty's day).They made us an Elvis "record" cake with lemon cake and mixed up the cupcakes with lemon, chocolate and vanilla with an adorable sugar shamrock on top. Kari even tried to honor my wish for cream cheese frosting on the record cake (no dice though, it didn't set well enough).I'm not much for frosting, so I don't get the whole MOUNDS of buttercream concept but the cake was delicious. I loved it so much that when I couldn't find a fork the day after our wedding, I just picked it up and ate it!The prices were more than reasonable and I felt completely confident that everything would be perfect. Thank you Retro!
5	What can I say? This place blows me away.I'm not a big sweets person but my girlfriend turned me onto this place. She usually goes on about bakeries from New York and how she misses them until she stumbled onto Retro Bakery & sure enough I'm hooked too. Their butter cream is amazing and totally jacks your taste buds in a good way. If you give Retro Bakery a shot the taste will make you think you're in Wonka's Factory: The Milk & Cookies taste like Milk & Cookies, The Apple Cider tastes like Apple Cider, etc. etc. : )Not to mention every time I've gone to pick up my order they have on full display freshly made assorted cup cakes. To further entice you they have huge amazing cookies for what I believe was only one dollar but I would pay more because they're amazing(always a nice surprise as to what they'll put out). Unfortunately it's clear across town from me though it's well worth the drive. Hopefully they open another location here in Vegas ; )Great for Birthdays, Work/Office potlucks, Random acts of kindness, etc. You will not be disappointed and don't say you don't like sweets because I don't like sweets but I LOVE all of Retro's treats I've had to date.
4	Found this gem on Yelp, as we were flying into Vegas for a special occasion. The staff was super friendly and helpful, sharing honest recommendations based on the size of our group and accommodations. There are so many yummy looking options but since we couldn't taste ahead of time (as we were coming in right before our party) we got their famous Hop Scotch flavor (vanilla cake with heavenly butterscotch Ganache) designed specially for our guest of honor.   The day we picked up the cake, the bakery was packed and I noticed many flavors were sold out for the day (typically a good sign, right?).  The staff had a good system, keeping the crowd flowing while being peppy & friendly all the way through! The decor of the cake was fantastic and stunning, a nice touch for a 50th Birthday party; but more importantly, it was absolutely DELICIOUS! Our entire party enjoying every bite and many asked where we ordered it from!Thanks again to the crew at Retro Bakery! We'll be back for EVERY special occasion in your town! Yum!
5	This is a rarity for me I am writing a review on a place I've never stepped foot into. While I have never actually entered the Retro Bakery (it's on the wrong side of town,but hopefully i'll stop in soon), I have had the pleasure of eating more than a few of their cupcakes.I am a Buttercream FREAK, and anywhere who's motto is It's All About the Buttercream, is alright in my books. My hands down favorite offering is Milk and Cookies, I mean come on it's a delicious chocolate chip cupcake, with a generous dose of vanilla buttercream and just when you think it can't get any better...oh yeah, they top it with a chocolate chip cookie, and we're not talking about a premade chips ahoy, we're talking custom baked cookie goodness...AMAZING!!!I have also had the pleasure of sampling the Sprinkled Doughnut, Chocolate Loves Vanilla, and Vanilla Loves Chocolate, they were all delicious, but the Milk and Cookies is still my first love.I look forward to eating my way through their menu, and you trying one of their cakes in the immediate future.
4	Also part of my weekend pre-low carb binge.  I was in the vicinity of Retro as part of the nye festivites which included , Babycakes cafe and Aliante.  the gf has never tried Retro so we decided to get a sampling and eat them on New Years.  Picked up red velvet, peanut butter/chocolate, maple bacon,  they were out of the peppermint ...damn !  gf had something with coffee in it, also the drumstick .  Retro makes the best frosting ...period !Had to deduct a star because the chocolate based cupcakes were too dry.  The white cake - perfectly moist.It's probably a good thing these guys are too far from my house
3	HUZZAH FOR CUPCAKES UNDER $3!!!!Let's start with the cupcakes. I thought they were pretty good, I had the salted caramel crunch and the red carpet. The frosting was good, a bit stiff but I thought it was the right amount, not piled on like other places I've been to. The chocolate and red velvet cake was alright, a bit dry though.The customer service left something to be desired. We walked in and they just stared at us. Never asked if we had been there before, didn't have any samples, no small talk. One of the employees did come around the counter and point out the flavors (would have been difficult for me to read those little signs).The two things I did like about this place 1) The price, I was excited to see cupcakes under $3. 2) Cupcakes on the North side!!!
5	I give nothing but props to these butter cream slingen hand held cake making mother f@%ers. These little cakes are an explosion of yummyness in your mouth. I catered cupcakery for my wedding and damn I wish Retro was around 4 years ago. I crave nothing more then a milk and cookies at 10am in the morning after a night of drunkeness. My husband creams his pants when it comes to the pucker up  maple bacon. I do love the maple bacon as well, but unlike my husband, I'm still dry. I do looove the cookies and milk or salted pretzel crunch. All I can say is damn you Retro for planting yourselves next to 711... BRAVO. The only downer is if you don't get there before 2ish you have slim pickins. Good for them, bad for me.
5	Oh Retro...Why are you so far away? You need aother shop in Henderson. In the meantime, we'll continue to make the trek out to Southern UTAH, because our kids love your cupcakes. (of course we do too!)  Their cupcakes are the real deal and we don't mind driving 40 minutes out and paying $2.65/ cupcake  because its worth every penny.The one cupcake that caught my attention was the Maple Bacon cupcake. I love the combo-similar to pancakes and bacon. Small pcs of bacon in a vanilla cupcake with a maple buttercream. The buttercream isn't overly sweet, its just right. I also had a bite of the sprinkled donut and it was pretty good. And I may have a new favorite cupcake in the Pucker Up...a raspberry cake with lemon butter cream, good play on the sweet and tangy combo.  The kids love the chocolate fountain-who wouldn't ...chocolate cake, chocolate buttercream, dipped in chocolate ganache. That my friends is a hat trick. Their 2nd fave is the Cookies and Cream cupcake.They don't just make cupcakes, they make mini cupcakes,  cookies, and cakes. While waiting my turn I flipped through their  cake book and they make some frickn cool cakes. They will also custom make your cupcakes and cake to your party theme.They are doing something right especially when my kids are requesting Retro Bakery for dessert. They pass up ice cream for their cupcakes...what!!!  As my son says...Retro Bakery is BEAST!!! Give them a try and support your local businesses...they won't disappoint.Aloha
5	We ordered a Red Velvet Wedding Cake to celebrate our nuptuals on 1/11/11 and became addicts immediately after the first bite!  OMG, delicious, the almond really made the cake stand out from all the other red velvet cakes and cupcakes we try whenever we can! We were able to take the leftovers with us home and I guarded the cake with my life through airport security and the plane ride home. We were able to enjoy for days later as our special treat.The cake was dense and moist, really good!.  I have tried to find a recipe to duplicate at home, no luck, but I will persevere until we make it back to vegas to have the real deal.YUMMY!!!!!!!!
5	The chocolate chip cookies here are one of my favorite things in life!!!I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Retro Bakery. On my trips to Las Vegas, I basically plan my schedule around Retro Bakery. I have to make sure that I have a treat (or two or three) to have every day I'm in Vegas and have some cookies to take home. The last time we were here they gave us three free cupcakes each for turning in three cans of food for their canned food drive. Kari also made chocolate chip cookies on a Saturday (not a normal thing) just because we called and asked for them. You can tell that the owner's take pride in the quality of their product and want to make their customers happy. The price is also really reasonable when compared to all these $4 cupcake places.Here are my favs:1. Chocolate Chip Cookies!!!!!!2. Salted Caramel Crunch Cupcake3. Milk and Cookies Cupcake4. Drumstick CupcakeI wish I could give 6 stars!
4	I was an out-of-towner looking for a good cupcake. Pulled out Yelp and it didn't steer me wrong. The "glazed donut" was radical (actually better than a glazed donut).
3	I just happened upon the Yelp page of Retro Bakery while mapping out a salon I was headed to  for a mani/pedi.  I love cupcakes, so it seemed like a good place to stop after getting my hands and feet rubbed on.I love almost anything retro but I can't say the decor in this little shop did anything for me.  There was also a corner that had merchandise on display that didn't seem to fit in.  The baby bows and checkbook cover were cute and all but definitely out of place.  I checked out the menu.  They appear to have a daily special along with a regular assortment of the more popular cupcakes.I eyed-balled the case for my favorite cupcake, Red Velvet, and came across the Red Carpet cupcake.  I like the name... it's a red chocolate cupcake with almond buttercream.  I'm not a big fan of almond but it must be a good combo or they wouldn't be selling it, right?At 2.65 a piece I was happy to pay and be on my way.  I had a latte ready to wash it down with.Packaging - paper bag and a wax paper.  Not very ideal for traveling withPresentation - the frosting was piled high in the middle of the cupcake and the edges seemed to be sad leaving the store naked.Frosting - I scraped it off half way through.  Almond flavored anything has a chemical aftertaste and this frosting was no different.Cake - YUM.  Great flavor and really moist.  One of the best I have had in a while.I wouldn't make a special trip to North Las Vegas for this cupcake but if I'm in the area again I would certainly stop in and try another cupcake, sans almond flavoring.
5	Great local business with a great product. The buttercream is fantastic.
5	Talk About All These Cupake/Bakery Places, That seem to be Popping Up Left and Right! I'm No Sugar Junky nor Cake Feen of any sort but this place Transforms me into A CUPCAKE MONSTER!!!!! *RRRRRAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHRRRRRR!!!!!!!*First Time, I had the Honor to try this Whimsical Place, I had no Idea what was coming.... Every Flavor Offered Looked Like Winning Combinations?! So Ordering Every Single Cupcake would solve the Dilemma?! Well, that's exactly what happened.. I had the chance to try ALL (24) of their current cupcake creations at the time, including the cupcake of that day (I guess this changes daily or so..)! Since this place was quite a drive and the staff did advise that the cupcakes could be placed in the freezer and would stay fresh for a few months, I had time to devour them in a more realistic pace.. That Sealed the Deal! Alright, sounds Dandy to me, lets do it!Literally Every Single Cupcake was PHENOMENAL!!!!! But here's a few that Tantalized my Taste Buds and made a statment that Stuck on Me, Permanently:Hop Scotch ("OUR #1 SELLER): There's a reason it's their #1! "Vanilla cake topped with vanilla buttercream dipped in butterscotch ganache"Peanut Butter Cup: If you like Reese's, then this should inspire you!Cinnamon Toast: Remember the cereal "Cinnamon Toast Crunch".. Well, this took me on a blast to the past!Red Carpet: Like red velvet.. their almond buttercream topping does bring it up a couple notches and steers away from the typical velvet cakes.Mint Chocolate Chip: "Thrifty's" or "Baskin Robbins" Ice Cream was the first thing that came to my Mind.. True Classic, without a Cone and it didn't Melt!This is Undeniably an Honorable Institution and their cupcakes should be regarded as a Vegas Staple! I could only 'ZzzZZDREAMZZzzZ' of cupcakes being this Asteroid Shattering, Earth Shaking and Comet Shooting AMAZING, to say the Least!!!!
5	Wow! These are amazing cupcakes. They are so incredibly moist, and you can tell they are not mass produced. I'm a cake snob since I've been baking cakes for 20 years, and I can't find any better cupcakes in Las Vegas. My absolute favorite is coffee and donuts. It's a vanilla cupcake covered in glaze and topped with coffee buttercream. YUM!!!  I have tried almost every flavor so far, and I have not found one I don't like. I picked up a Red Carpet (red velvet) for a friend, and she said it was the best she'd ever had. The staff is always really friendly, and the owners seem to be there all the time! You HAVE to try these cakes!!!
5	One of the best cupcake places out there. With their unique style and flavor, you have to come here and try it. Located in the North West part of Vegas, right off 95 and Durango. Retro Bakery is located in one of those mini mall places not far from the highway. It is a small bakery, but it smells really good when you get there. I probably don't like the parking cause it does seem tight for a mini van. But its the store that make it worth while. I love their toppings, which is kind of unique, when it comes to cupcake. No matter how long those cupcakes been sitting out there, once you bite one, IT'S SO FLUFFY!!!! Over all, is very delicious, especially with whatever topping you get. I love the Cotton Candy cupcakes, those are my favorite. But we did try others, and I'm sure you'll love them as much as we did. If you love cupcakes, and tired of the same old cupcakes, Retro Bakery is truly, one of a kind.
4	I finally came back to this place because I was in the area.  There was something on the bottom of the case I had never noticed before; cookies.  They looked so good I opted for one instead of a cupcake.  It was packaged up all nice and neat and I patiently waited to get home to shove it down my food hole.  Not bad for a dollar, because it was pretty big.  However, the taste was lacking something it's hard to explain what.  Like maybe it wasn't baked completely, I'm not sure, it just was not phenomenal like the cupcakes are.
5	ive had retro bakery cupcakes twice and i love them.  they are delicious.  both times they were delivered.   its $49 for a dozen delivered but i think its worth it considering the ones over at the cupcake place at the venetian are about $4 each anyways.   the cake is super moist and the frosting is not toothaching-ly sweet.  the only issue i had was with delivery.  i thought they could leave it at bell desk but when the day came, they couldnt and i had to be there to pick them up. then there were two valets at aria so we were both at different ones.but i still recommend them!
5	I was once a devotee of The Cupcakery.That day is no more.I was finally able to try out Retro Bakery's cupcakes after a long time of wanting to, but never getting up the motivation to make the 25 minute drive from my apartment. We ordered a half dozen: -Red Carpet: red velvet cake/almond buttercream-Chocolate Fountain: chocolate cake, chocolate buttercream, chocolate ganache-Milk & Cookies: chocolate chip cake, vanilla buttercream and a chocolate chip cookie-Shamrock Shake: green vanilla cake and mint buttercream (March special)-Apple Cider: cinnamon swirl cake and apple cider buttercream-Sprinkled Donut: vanilla cake, fudge ganache and sprinkles (this thing is God's gift to man)Each cupcake was the right amount of moist; the cake tastes homemade and not like it came off a production line. The flavors are not overpowering and blend together well even with the more unique recipes like the Apple Cider cupcake. The buttercream really is all they make it out to be - not too thick, not too sweet and not too much of it. They also look pretty, but with that homemade touch. They look like a human being made them, not a machine like grocery store cupcakes. We ate the cupcakes over the course of 3 days and they held up wonderfully. Even the cookie on the Milk & Cookies cupcake stayed soft. My favorite was the Sprinkled Donut (I still see it in my dreams, I swear.) The bakery itself was great as well. It smells fantastic inside, and two of our cupcakes(Shamrock Shake and Red Carpet) came from fresh trays that were brought out as we were deciding on cupcakes. Service was prompt and friendly; they gave us plenty of time to make our choices with out rushing us. The price is much cheaper than similar bakeries - $2.65 a cupcake or $29 a dozen. Retro is definitely worth the drive. They keep it simple, and focus on just making a fantastic product. I will be back to try more of their flavors.
5	Best cupcakes ever. I've been to many cupcake places around the country, hands down this is the best. Just wish they were closer to the strip & had longer hours on the weekend. Still worth the 20 min. one-way drive. The cake is the most moist & dense cupcake I've had. High quality, baked from scratch taste. These cupcakes are what other cupcakes aspire to be. The only con is once you have these other cupcakes seemed watered down in comparison.
5	I just ate a bowl of Cinnamon Toast Crunch that, yet again, reminded me that I am a good 500 miles away from my favorite treat ever... the Cinnamon Toast cupcake at Retro. Curse you, proximity!On my first trip to Las Vegas with my boy for his birthday, I decided that treating him to these amazing creations (thank you Yelp!) would be appropriate, since I wouldn't be able to bake him any birthday cake. Everyone raved about them here... so either they were really THAT good or they had crack in them. I'm now thinking, maybe both.I got a dozen... I know for a fact I decided on the CMT, the Apple Cider, the Milk & Cookies, the Red Carpet, the Maple Bacon, the Glazed Donut, and TWO of the Hopscotch- the remaining cupcake flavors escape me... because I went into a sugar coma after inhaling most of them (go figure- I got them for my boyfriend and I end up mowing them down... he loves his little heffer). The Hopscotch is so f'ing good! But obviously the one that stole my heart was the Cinnamon Toast. My favorite cereal in cake form??? DONE. Because if you know only two things about me... my perfect foodie world revolves around Cinnamon Toast Crunch and CAKE (or cake-like pastries).I'm going back to LV in two months. I have been working out like crazy to be in full-on hotness mode (pool season and whatnot). Retro is going to be the thing to demolish months of salads and protein shakes. And I can't wait for it. :)
5	I don't live in Vegas, but I had the good fortune to come to Retro on one of my trips to town. Although I visit Vegas frequently, it's usually without a car, so it's hard to justify the $20 delivery charge, especially when it's just cupcakes for me.So on this trip, I rented a car. Pretty much just to go to Retro, although it did help save taxi money to and from the airport. And boy, was it worth it. I went on a Saturday so I could get one of the megachip cookies I'd heard so much about, and I wasn't disappointed. Cupcake-wise, I finally settled on a Salted Caramel Crunch and a Pucker Up. The Salted Caramel Crunch was delicious - almost a little too rich - but the Pucker Up was to die for. It made an excellent breakfast, in fact. :)Next time, I'll be in Vegas with a group of friends. Hmmm, maybe we can split the delivery charge....
4	I popped in here last week. It's a little far out, but if you take the 95N, it's not so bad. Get off on Durango, turn right and it's on the left.  Signage is kinda hard to see from the street if you've never been there before.I got a bunch of flavors and brought them home for a house-tasting. These are the faves in order of preference:* Coffee & Donuts - the vanilla cake was firm, but light. Really vanilla-y. Loved the thin layer of donut glaze.  Small dollop of coffee buttercream was a perfect ratio of cake to icing *for me*.(I may be some kind of freak because it's not "all about the buttercream" for me.  I'm a cake person more than a frosting person and often find cupcakeries overdo it on the frosting. But that's my opinion.)* S'Mores - this tastes absolutely nothing like a s'more, but it was damn tasty. I found the one mini marshmallow in my buttercream sort of odd, texturally. Would have preferred a toasted marshmallow topping or something instead, but the chocolate cake was divine and the buttercream, whatever flavor it actually was, was good.* Chocolate Fountain - YUM. It's a chocolate on chocolate orgy. Need I say more? Well, I kinda do. The cake was delicious, but wasn't as chocolately as the S'Mores chocolate cake. If it's the same cake, it may just seem less chocolately because the buttercream and ganache were like a chocolate one-two punch. But all around good.* 9th Island - I loved the idea of this and overall the flavors were awesome.  Too much frosting for me and the whole macadamias that sank to the bottom of the cupcake was odd, but flavorful. I'd have chopped them finely and mixed them with the batter, but that's me. Cake kinda fell apart a bit, but had delicious coconutty flavor.* Salted Caramel - I really liked this. It was SUPER sticky, though, so if you get it be sure to have plenty of napkins. Very caramel-y buttercream, too. Didn't get "salted", though, other than from the pretzel garnish.* Maple Bacon - I loved the idea of this and am a big fan of both maple and bacon. The maple flavor was good and the buttercream light. But the bacon pieces were actually a little unsettling texturally -- more chewy than crispy.  I didn't get much 'bacon' flavor from it overall, either. It tasted mostly like a maple bar. Oh, there was also what looked  like bacon grease in the top center of the cake, like some was dribbled into the center of the cupcake before it was baked. Maybe it was maple syrup, but it gave the cake a gooey innard that made it kinda heavy. Not bad, but not a repeater for me. * Pucker Up - This one I actually didn't like. I found the buttercream really heavy and left a strange, waxy mouth-feel. It wasn't as 'puckery' as I was expecting. I was expecting a lemon explosion and didn't really get that.  The whole berries dropped in the batter, while flavorful, sank to the bottom and caused the cupcake to fall apart when I pulled the paper lining off. It's been an award winner, though, so clearly people like it. Maybe it's just not for me.-------------------------------------I really want to try their Red Carpet (I love Red Velvet cake, but they were sold out) and the Cinnamon Toast, (and I've heard tell of an Iced Tea cupcake that's awesome).  So I'll be back for those for sure!I think their brand concept is good (I love anything retro!), I think their embrace of social media has fantastic.Their take-home boxes are choice. I can't tell you how thankful I was not to have them all smashed into each other and rolling around in the box at every stoplight.I'll definitely drop into Retro Bakery again soon. :)
4	In my quest to find the best cupcakes in town, I had to go to Retro Bakery. Their cupcake pictures online look incredible. I was checking them out at work and easily convinced myself to make the 25 minute drive.In my recent cupcake frenzy, I usually try about 3 cupcakes and pound them at the spot. But since this place was so far, I decided to get a dozen. I thought it would be nice to bring some to the office the day after.Well, only five survived night. And out of those five, only three made it to work in the morning. But my peers at work sure did enjoy those three!Each cupcake was moist and tasted fresh homemade. The buttercream was good, and the tastes varied and unique in the dozen they chose for me.My favorite was the Pink Lemonade.Service was prompt and friendly; the owner lady was there and she is a firecracker. The price was about $30 for a dozen. They are definitely worth the drive.
4	Their cupcakes are delicious!  I've only had the butterscotch and chocolate ones, and I'm dying to try their other flavors!  Their mini cupcakes are really cute too.
5	I think Retro Bakery is one of those TOP best cupcake/dessert places in Vegas. Their flavors are right on. You can tell that their cupcakes are fresh and made from scratch! The cake is so damn good (spot-on flavors!) and moist, and the buttercream is delicious! I like to nibble it, hahahaha!I ordered half a dozen: Red CarpetMint Chocolate ChipPucker UpCotton CandyMaple BaconBlueberry PancakeI'm not going go through each one. Like I said, all the cakes are dead-on as flavors go. These things are just so delicious, make-my-day-jolly, ya know? lol. I'm def going back! I often find myself wanting to make the drive for those cupcakes
4	Beautiful presentation. I really enjoy their cookies. THey are only $1 each. They are HUGE and melt in your mouth. Cupcakes here are always good too. They are always moist and fluffy, with some original flavored icing on top. I like their Red Carpet, aka red velvet. Their blue berry pancake was OMG TO DIE FOR!! I have yet to try to maple bacon but I hear it's delicious, so says the hubby. This spot is definitely a ways a way from the strip but I think the drive is so worth it, especially if you're in a rental car or someone is taking you out there. Do NOT take a taxi here. You're crazy if you do. It'll cost you an arm and a leg to get here and then the rest of your body to get you back. LOL. SO good. I thought we had bought enough goodies to take home the next morning but all we had left when we checked out of the hotel was 2 cookies. Hmm, we must have had a cupcake troll in our room who ate all the goodies while we were out for the night. Hmm, I wonder what happened?? there were 3 of us in our room the last time I checked and somehow, 18 cupcakes disappeard. Hmm. oh well. next time. LOL omg ** so full of cupcakes ** haha
5	The BEST cupcakes I have ever had! I've tried many other cupcakes shops but Retro bakery has the most delicious, moist cupcakes I have tried so far. I'm not a huge cupcake fan but I find myself craving these babies all of the time. I know that everyone raves about their Buttercream, but I'm more of a cake person and Retro definitely delivers. The shop is pretty far from me, but if they were in Henderson, I would be in trouble. All of the flavors I've tried have been delicious. I will definitely be ordering my birthday cake from Retro this year.
2	I live in the area near Retro Bakery.  I stopped in a couple times for cupcakes.  I tried 4 or 5 different flavors.  They're ok.  Way too sweet for my liking.  All their cake taste pretty much the same.  The super sweet buttercream is what has the different flavors.  I've had better.  But their service was great.  Very nice people and very helpful.
1	Tried the apple one, frosting had the fake apple flavor like a jolly rancher. Threw the frosting away and just ate the cake, it was ok but to sweet. Hop scotch one was way too sweet, overwhelming butterscotch. Chocolate salted caramel was ok, too sweet and the cake wasn't chocolately enough for me.  After having a few bites of each they all went into the trash.  WAY too sweet.  The girls working in there weren't the friendliest either.  I went 30 minutes out of my way to go here because of the reviews on yelp. I'm totally disappointed and wouldn't go back.
5	On a trip to Vegas, I made a special stop into Retro to meet the owners and taste test the best cupcakes in town.   I wasn't disappointed. The cupcakes were perfectly displayed in their case with beautiful mounds of buttercream on top of each one.  Some were even dipped like ice cream cones!  Their tag line, "all about the buttercream" is right on!  The buttercream on their cupcakes was a perfect pairing to the moist, flavorful cake.  I really truly love these cupcakes and with that they would ship them to me!!  Everyone that I took a bite of... I loved! Thanks to Retro for making such delicious cupcakes!
3	I dont live in vegas but went there for my wedding and ordered a cake through Retro Bakery, i love that they delivered to the hotel for just 20 bucks. The cake was cute, the flavor was amazing. but the icing was a little thick, im not a big icing person. and i asked them to put mr and mrs and our last name and they just put mr and mrs. i think it was because they rushed me on the phone, it felt like they didnt think my order was important enough for them. but all in all ok. i'd give them another try if they were closer to the strip, or if i find myself close to them. =(
4	4.5 stars. Hello Cupcakes.... Good-bye Waistline!I visited the Gilcrease Nature Sancturary, where another yelper recommended this bakery in its review.  I am soooo glad I decided to drop in and sample their delicious, creative creations.  The customer service was superb, and the to-go box preserved the beauty of the cupcake perfectly. As a SoCal girl who was living in LA when the LA cupcake boom emerged, I have tried the famous Sprinkles, Crumbs, SusieCakes, Yummy Cupcakes- and I am proud to say that I have found a NEW favorite in Retro Bakery.  I am glad I only live 15 minutes away. Their flavors and frosting combinations are so unique. Maple Bacon, Salted Caramel Crunch, Drumstick, and Snazzleberry, to name a few.  More importantly, the cake itself is moist and delicious.  And MOST importantly, it doesn't break the bank at only $2.65/cupcake.  And they offer these cupcake flavors in cake sizes too!  I will definitely be ordering my cakes from there, from here on out.They also offer Vegan cupcakes,with 24 hours notice.
4	Went here last year to check it out. to this day, I'm glad I did. Probably THE best place to get cupcakes. Cutting edge flavors, nicely decorated and cute couple running the business. I can appreciate that. I didn't give it 5 stars because it's so dang far away. But if I'm ever in that neck of the woods, rest assured, they will be visited by me. Hubby isn't a cupcake person, but for some reason, he hasn't forgotten their name (after one visit). I guess his cupcake was just that memorable. :D
5	Love, love, love Retro Bakery! Their cupcakes are amazing as well as their cookies! I try to incorporate their treats into anything I'm planning at work. At the most recent event everyone raved about their cookies and cupcakes. My personal favorites are the cinnamon cookie and the chocolate fountain cupcake. I can't wait to have another one. And to top it off, the owners are super friendly and really make you feel welcome in the store.
5	Love Love Love Retro Bakery!! They are worth the drive, so far we have tried so many of the wonderful flavors! The bad reviews I have read prompted me to write my own, first off those saying oh my god its just to sweet hello its cake and frosting were you expecting bitter? or savory?Those saying the buttercream is shortening and powdered sugar, have you ever made frosting?? buttercream made with butter makes all flavors taste buttery myself i don't want fruit flavors of frosting tasting like butter, and all good buttercream or frostings are made with gasp powdered sugar! if you want bland not so sweet cupcakes then go to walmart if you want amazing cupcakes with wonderful flavor combinations, cake that is moist and flavorful made by fun and friendly folks then Retro is your place to go!!!
5	I LOVE Retro! The cupcakes are to die for, the flavors are changing so there's always something new to try. The staff is always super sweet and helpful. We've tried ALL of the cupcake bakeries in town and this is #1. Definitely worth the drive if you're far away. PS- tried the cookies for the first time and they are AMAZING! Love supporting such an awesome local business.
4	Instead of "It's T-Shirt Time " how about "It's Iced Tea Cupcake Time" Oh yeah I like that way better....It's been a year since my last review for Retro and last year I was so distraught because I missed my favorite cupcake "Iced Tea".... Yes, during the whole month of May 2010 I never made it down to Retro and I just assumed that this cupcake would be one of those to carry over on to the next month. Well, sadly I was told that it just isn't one of the popular ones, WTF????? What's wrong with you Iced Tea Cupcake deficient people???Well now it's May 2011 and the Yummyrific Iced Tea cupcake is back and hellah yummy as ever....If you haven't experienced this cupcake then Shame on you - Go get one and if there's enough of you then maybe the Iced Tea cupcake will stay forever!!!!!
4	The Best Cupcakes in Las Vegas!!!This small shop serves several satisfying cupcake creations.  Constantly coming correct with neat new flavors, The Retro Bakery makes us remember why we love those perfectly portable pastries.  What makes the cupcakes here so magical, is the well balanced flavors and beyond perfect buttercream frostings.  So many cupcake shops think slopping a mound of sugar and shortening on a cake means good food; it doesn't.  We had these 6 flavors:Cotton Candy, Vanilla/Vanilla, Hopscotch (butterscotch), Salty-Crunchy Chocolate Caramel, Maple Bacon, Peanut Butter Cup.  I love bacon, but I'm not big on this new bacon craze which seems to be going on everywhere.  Besides the Maple-Bacon Cupcake, the others were so satisfying I felt like I needed a cigarette after.  Get ready to feel like a kid again, these cupcakes are pure ectasy.
3	Are the cupcakes good? Yes. But the 3 stars is for the way I was treated when I attempted to order a cake for a birthday party. Emails were not answered in a timely manner from Brian and I only got a price quote for the cake I wanted  last minute, even though I inquired with more than enough notice. By the time he responded I had already figured something else out for the party that I was more than happy with. Disappointed because I wanted to use this place. The pictures they have on their flickr page of cakes they made are very impressive.
5	I was looking for an alternative to The Cupcakery. I find their cake dry and frosting tasteless. And, I love the idea of these cupcake places, but they always let me down.Anyway, I found Retro Bakery, and since my husband's birthday was coming up I decided to try yet another cupcake place. I am glad did because THIS is where I will go for cupcakes from now on.First of all, the parking lot was a little tight. It isn't a big parking lot to begin w/ & I have a big truck, so it was easier to park at the Walgreen's next door and walk over.I had looked online for their flavors so I kind of had in mind what I wanted, but I didn't call ahead. And, I specifically wanted toget their "Milk & Cookies" flavor, but they had sold out of it. I had to place an order & go back to pick up the next day. This was my own fault, and I tried to look on the bright side...like they were out of it because it was so good. LOLI ended up spending about $21 on 8 cupcakes.3 "Milk & Cookies"1 "Iced Tea"1 "Hopscotch"1 "Chocolate Loves Vanilla"1 "Vanilla Loves Chocolate"1 "Peanut Butter Cup"The cake wasn't spectacular, but it was WAY better than Cupcakery, and the frosting was excellent. We really enjoyed all the flavors we tried.The Cheery Cheesecake and Blueberry Pancake flavors are to die for. Honestly, I don't think they have a flavor that's bad.These are THE BEST cupcakes in Vegas and any of there flavors can be ordered as full size cakes.Check them out!!
5	I ordered cupcakes from Retro Bakery for my wedding after reading the reviews, and I have to say they lived up to the expectations and more.I ordered vanilla, chocolate and red velvet cupcakes and a small cookies and cream cake, they all were delicious!!! The cupcakes are really moist and the icing has just the right amount of sweetness.Not only were the cupcakes great, but the service was awesome, they delivered everything perfectly and right on time.
5	My new favorite cupcake shop!  Their frosting is the overly sweet kind which is just how I like it, and if you do, then you'll love Retro Bakery too!  My absolute favorite is the Hop Scotch (butterscotch).  All I have to say about that is WOW!  I loved their Vanilla Loves Vanilla too.  Other ones we got were the Glazed Donut, Salted Caramel Crunch, and Drumstick.  I can't wait to come back and get my favorites and try some other flavors as well!It's about a half-hour drive or so from the Strip but it was well-worth the trip.  I don't think I'll have a car on my next trip to Vegas so I will just have them deliver those babies to me lol.  Service was very friendly too, sweet young girl working at the front counter.  As long as the cupcakes are consistent from visit to visit this will be my favorite cupcake shop and I will remain a big fan!
4	yummy cupcakes. super moist.Try the Hop Scotch.  It's a vanilla cake, but it's covered with not only frosting but donut glaze type butterscotch topping.  It smelled like a maple bar.This is still technically in Vegas, but where it's actually located it was like saying that Van Nuys is LA.  It's passed Summerlin for those who know the Vegas area.  All I can say - it was worth the drive, and I'm so coming back for their pineapple coconut cupcake which we were told was going to start on Wednesday!
4	I would've gave them another star but their customer service was unprofessional. The girls were impatient and rude. As if they were doing me a favor by being there. As for the cupcakes, Yum!! I loved them. They were different and really really good. I didn't eat them right away, but even after a wait it was still moist and the cream to cake ratio was perfect. I'd go again, hopefully the cashiers get a lesson on friendly service though.
5	SHAZAM!!!  Also:   Best. Cupcakes. Ever.    In celebration of my husbands 41st birthday last weekend, I asked my mother-in-law, who currently hails from Vegas, to transport 48 cupcakes from Las Vegas to Joshua Tree, across the Mojave Preserve.  She was road tripping with her girlfriend Pat a la  Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, except that instead of the ether and the bats, there were cupcakes.  Lots and lots of cupcakes.  When pressed to answer the question "what kind of cake do you want for your birthday this year), my husband suggested this bakery, which he called "the best bakery in Las Vegas."  How he knew about it, I still have no idea, considering his lack of a sweet tooth, but I'm eternally grateful to him for making the recommendation.  After perusing their website and poring over the photographs on their flickr page, I was hooked.    I called the bakery and ordered one dozen each of the following flavors:Chocolate loves vanilla (Chocolate cake topped with vanilla buttercream)Apple cider (Cinnamon swirl cake topped with apple cider buttercream and dusted with cinnamon and sugar)Hop Scotch (Vanilla cake topped with vanilla buttercream dipped in butterscotch ganache, their #1 selling cupcake)Pucker Up (Raspberry cake topped with lemon buttercream; Winner of the Las Vegas Weekly 2010 Vegas' Best Offbeat Dessert) I also picked a desert-themed cupcake design that I found on the bakery's flickr page:http://www.flickr.com/photos/retrobakery/5053618397/Adding the design to each cupcake upped the price considerably, but it was worth every penny.  They warn't cheap, but they shore were purdy.  I was happy to discover that the emblems themselves were also delicious and didn't detract from the individual cupcake flavors in any way.Overall, I loved every one of the flavors we picked.  The chocolate loves vanilla was the most surprising of the quartet because they managed to make something VA VA VOOM out of something tried-and-true, and artfully so.  During the party, I tried an Apple cider cupcake, which I thought was a little too sweet to finish. The next morning, however, I had absolutely no trouble eating any of the other cucpakes, one right after the other, so the Apple Cider Incident could have just been a fluke moment of non-hunger.  Overall, my favorite flavor was the Pucker Up - holy man of moses, the tart and tangy flavor of the lemon buttercream was so perfect to cut the sweetness of the buttercream and the exactly right flavor to complement the raspberry muffin part.  Now, my little group of friends may choose to live in bumfuck, California, but they hail from all over the globe and have done their share of time in major cities.  What I'm trying to say is that we have eaten some freaking cupcakes in our lifetimes.  These were NOT our first cupcakes, if you know what I mean.  Been there, cupcake.  I think you get my point.At an opportune moment last Saturday, I was finally able to grab my husband's elbow and make him stand still long enough to blow on some candles and pick a flavor.  Most everyone followed suit.  What happened next was remarkable.  The fine lines around people's eyes began to fall away.  Several people began to giggle.  A few people stared furiously at their paper plate, chewing vigorously, trying simultaneously to savor the moment and also make room for the next one.  In ten minutes or less, ten people were skulking around the table, eyeing the choices, selecting their next victim.  Others were surreptitiously looking for tupperware, tinfoil, a cloth grocery bag, anything remotely cupcake sized into which they might fit one for the road.  The "mmmmmmmm" sound was punctuated by people saying things like "OH my GOD" and/or "where did these COME FROM?  TELL ME!"   Several people snagged business cards, others started brainstorming and scheming about who they might know in Las Vegas and what they would be willing to do in exchange for some cupcakes.    In fact, since the Great Cupcake Unveiling, tourism to Las Vegas from Joshua Tree has increased by 150%.  I'm already planning on asking my mother in law, who is coming back out here in a few weeks, to bring us another two dozen.  When you live in a town full of shitty grocery-store-brand cakes and no mom-and-pop bakeries, finding just the right cupcake for a 41-year-old man's birthday party can be challenging.    Lucky for us, there's Retro Bakery, purveyor of fine party cupcakes and cakes for any occasion.
5	Definitely got my wedding cake done by Jason. We chose hop-scotch for all three tiers, and turned out beautiful, simple, and exactly how I pictured it would- tasted even better. Super awesome couple, really cute store and the best cakes I've ever had in my life. Better than Great-Grandma's! My husband and I searched and searched for bakeries that didn't charge and arm and a leg that tasted good, and we are so happy that we found this place. Its right down the street from us, but we hadn't ventured in until we were looking for that important cake. Since then we've been loyal customers and we love that there seem to be endless flavors, and how its family owned, just like Mom's Good Eats next door. Worth driving across town!
5	I'm a fan of my cupcake place back home in Cali but my LV friends kept raving about Retro so I finally made it into town before they closed up shop for the day.My taste buds were happy, I'll tell ya. I should have wrote this review sooner because I don't remember the flavors I got but I know they were great. They do not sell minis unless by pre-order.I thnk it is the frosting that won me over. It's wonderful. The cake itself was above average but not mouth-watering good. I recommend highly and I will be back next time I'm in town. (two weeks) :)
2	Saturday, we cruised up to Mount Charleston. On the way, we stopped at Retro Bakery. We've been eager to try it after hearing its praises, it's much further than a hop, skip and jump away so this was the first time we were in the area during business hours. We figured a cupcake picnic was in order.The girls behind the counter were warm and friendly. We looked over our options and selected four cupcakes and a cookie for the road. The damage came to 12 bucks and some change.We tucked the cupcakes away for later and dug into the cookie as soon as we pulled away. This cookie was loaded with a variety of chocolate and butterscotch morsels. It was tender and chewy, but WAY to sweet. We each had a bite, we couldn't finish the rest. Later, we dug into the cupcakes. The Glazed Donut cupcake was the first we tried. It was pretty good. The cake was nice and moist and the glaze was on the verge of being too sweet. My husband tried the Red Carpet next. He found the almond buttercream overly sweet and complained that the cake was a bit dry. I was most excited about the Maple Bacon cupcake. My teeth ached from one bite, I scraped the buttercream off and enjoyed the cupcake itself. It was pleasantly moist from the maple syrup center. Lastly, we had the Drumstick. I loved the ganache and nut topping, just not the buttercream frosting beneath it. This cake was too dry without it.It's a shame we missed their tagline "It's all about the buttercream." It is indeed all about that buttercream. This is only a good thing if you LOVE buttercream.I wanted to love Retro Bakery like the masses do, but I just don't have the sweet tooth for it.
5	Amazing customer service. even on a busy afternoon rush they they got to me right away. the megachip cookie is AMAZING! it doesn't look like much but one cookie and it's game over for your appetite. i had to skip lunch after one cookie and a half a cupcake. I love supporting local businesses so i'll definitely be coming back to retro bakery for any party needs.
4	This place has a great atmosphere and even better service.  The frosting is a bit on the rich/heavy side for me - I can rarely finish it - but far exceeds the quality of the Cupcakery.  For guys who aren't cupcake types and/or who are easily frosting-ed out but want to treat the girl, you'll do well by sticking with the brownie cupcake.  Awesome.
5	I recently had Retro Bakery make a cake for my best friend's Las Vegas bachelorette party and it was fantastic.  I could not have been happier with the service, process or outcome.  The cake was absolutely beautiful, everyone I talked to from the bakery was friendly, knowledgeable and professional and it tasted delicious!  I can not recommend them enough and will definitely use them again if I'm ever in need of a custom cake in Las Vegas!
4	New in town so we had to find a cupcake place. These were delish so many good flavors to try. But my heart is in LA @ Yummy Cupcakes that's why I gave 4/5 stars.
4	Friendly service.  Always a plus.Bought a Hopscotch cupcake (vanilla cake dipped in caramel buttercream), Pucker (raspberry cake with lemon buttercream), Salted Caramel (chocolate cake with caramel buttercream, topped with a pretzel), and a chocolate chip cookie.  Cake was quite moist, buttercreams had lovely flavour, and the cookie was chock-full of chips.  I'm giving it 4/5 stars because all were on the slightly too sweet side (this critique is coming from someone with lots of sweet teeth!).  Great family-owned bakery whose goods will delight most people.  Buyer beware of potential glucose high and accompanying crash shortly after consuming a few bites of anything purchased from Retro.  However, I'm all in favour of supporting local businesses, so yeah, give this place a(n) [insulin] shot!
5	I try and make it out to retro as much as possible, which unfortunately is just not enough because I live on the other side of the world practically.  Anyway I love reading these reviews that basically say this place is amazing if you like sweets, but I don't so here's 2 stars. The tagline is It's all about the buttercream, so your probably not going to go in expecting something savory.  IT'S SWEET SWEETNESS at it's best.  Honestly I can't remember the first time I visited. I might of had a coupon from a book or something. That's usually how I end up trying places. Anyway I am glad I did because they have the best cupcakes   .      I've been to other places in town with cupcakes and nothing compares to the variety, flavor, and ratio of cake to cream.  Maple Bacon is the business here.  I get at least one every time I visit.  The chocolate fountain for chocoholics is also amazing. Milk and cookies is great too. Each month they have a special cupcake they produce and many of them are amazing, and some are not as amazing lol. HOW MANY TIMES CAN I USE AMAZING IN A REVIEW?! Ok so if you sign up for the Eclub you get an email every month with the flavors that are in, the flavors that are out and a special 1 day out of the month deal where you can get some cupcakes as cheap as a DOLLAR each.  Also on Saturdays (I hope this is still in effect because I'm off this saturday) they have these LOADED chip cookies for like 1.50 each. They are ginormous(spell check did not go off for ginormous, that is awesome), and I swear there are more chips (chocolate, white chocolate, butterscotch, and peanut butter) in them then there is cookie. As a final note, the staff is always really friendly when I go. I've visited on several occasions and bought a cupcake for a friend's bday and they are nice and put a happy birthday plastic stick type thingy, whatever its called on it.    =)
5	A suitable replacement bakery if I ever decide to move back to LV.  I can't let my loyalty waver for my favorite bakery here in CA (Sweet Passions Bakery in Cupertino), but Retro Bakery is amazing, their buttercream puts it over the top.  It's even in their slogan, "It's All About The Buttercream", it sure is!Retro Bakery provides all of NW Las Vegas' sweet tooths with their daily dose of sugar.  This bakery features several different flavors of pristine cupcakery.  Although all of the flavors are delicious, there are a few that are sure to please even the most incredulous of eaters.  The Maple Bacon (sounds gross but is heavenly) boasts bacon cake filled with maple syrup topped with maple buttercream.  For the people who have their reservations about a bacon cake, just imagine eating a breakfast with bacon and pancakes, it's not gross in that setting, so it's easy to enjoy as a cupacke in my opinion.Other standout flavors were the Hop Scotch, Milk & Cookies (a real Chocolate Chip cookie perched atop vanilla buttercream), Glazed Donut (tastes exactly as it sounds), Apple Cider and Pucker Up which has raspberry cake topped with lemon buttercream.  A much better alternative to Just Cupcakes which I think is now closed but I could be mistaken.As others have mentioned, the cake itself is above average, but the buttercream is what makes the cupcake spectacular.  If you crave sweets, this should be a staple stop anytime you're in Vegas.
5	Wow!  Great tasting every time!  Love everything I have ever tried!  Highly recommend!
5	SCRUM-DIDDLY-UMPTIOUS!!I used them for my wedding reception.  Being from out of state, never having been to Retro prior or ever tasting their products, I booked a cupcake tower with a 6 inch cake on top, based on the delicious sounding cupcakes from their site.They were so easy to deal with and we were so delighted with how everything turned out.  The cake flavor we chose was PUCKER UP (my favorite - I've been searching for a similar substitute locally ever since) and we chose 3 flavors for the 70 cupcakes we ordered - VANILLA LOVES VANILLA, MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP & RED CARPET. The guests raved about how delish everything was!  And the day after, the husband and I went to the shop (that smelled AH-Mazing!) and ordered a couple more cupcakes for ourselves.  I do plan on making Retro Bakery a necessary destination stop whenever we're in town.
4	Due to the fact that my three favorite things in life are cake, buttercream & pumpkin, I knew that I needed to finally try Retro Bakery as they have a Spicy Pumpkin cupcake for fall.  We ordered a dozen cupcakes:1. Spicy PumpkinCinnamon spice cake with pumpkin pie buttercream.- The cinnamon spice cake was delicious! The pumpkin pie buttercream was DISGUSTING! And I love pumpkin!  I just peeled off the frosting and ate the cake.  Pretty disappointing.2. Milk & CookiesChocolate-chip cake topped with vanilla buttercream and a freshly baked chocolate-chip cookie.- I didn't like the fact that when I took the cookie off the top, all of the buttercream came with it.  But the cake part was delicious and surprisingly, the cookie kinda tasted salty.3. HopscotchVanilla cake topped with vanilla buttercream dipped in butterscotch ganache- I'm not really a butterscotch fan, but this was ok.  The cake was really moist!4. Salted Caramel CrunchChocolate cake topped with caramel buttercream sprinkled with sea salt and topped with a chocolate covered pretzel- I thought the chocolate cake was a little dry.  But the caramel buttercream and chocolate covered pretzel were delish!5. Coffee & DonutsVanilla cake covered in donut glaze and topped with a dollop of coffee buttercream.  Husband said that it was good.6. Apple CiderCinnamon swirl cake topped with apple cider buttercream dusted with cinnamon and sugar- The cake part reminded me of a coffee cake and was really good!  The buttercream definitely had that apple & cider flavor.  Truthfully, I ate most of the cake part without the frosting.7. Toasted CoconutToasted coconut cake topped with vanilla bean buttercream, toasted coconut, and sweetened condensed milk- I didn't see or taste the condensed milk but if you love coconut, you'll love this cupcake.  Coconut all the way!We really wanted to try the cinnamon toast, but were told that the spicy pumpkin took the place of it?Overall, I definitely enjoyed the unique flavor combinations of the cupcakes, but being that its at least a 30 minute drive from my house, not sure that I would drive the 30 minutes just for a cupcake.The other reason I wanted to try them- I am looking for a dessert place for my office holiday party.  $29 for 12 cupcakes is a little steep.  And no, they don't give discounts if you order 40+ cupcakes (I asked).
5	First of all, let me just say... I don't know how the price point for this bakery is $$.  These are by far the cheapest cakes and cupcakes you will find in Las Vegas, let alone the west coast, I am sure. Second, how can you complain about these cakes being too sweet?  Do you people not know what buttercream icing consists of?  Why do you eat sweets if you don't like sweet things?Third, of all the bakeries in Las Vegas, Retro Bakery has the most delicious everything!  I have tried at least one thing from most of the bakeries in town and i have been disappointed by all but Retro.  All the other bakeries have nasty, dry cakes that require simple syrup for moisture and giant vats of fillings and buttercreams.  Retro has by far the freshest cakes and cupcakes you will get in Las Vegas.  (trust me, I have worked in bakeries and restaurants.  They freeze everything)!  Retro Doesn't freeze product or use simple syrup or giant vats of anything!If you want to try the best cakes in town, go to Retro Bakery!
4	I think it might be dangerous having a place like Retro Bakery so accessible to me. One bite of the Apple Cider cupcake and I was in love. It was moist and had a perfect cinnamon sugar flavor. The apple cider buttercream was just the right amount and as soon as I finished it I wanted another one. I am thinking of showing up to work late just so I can drive over to get them in the morning.Even though it is their best selling cupcake, I was not blown out of the water by the Hopscotch. The vanilla was good and the butterscotch good and that about the sum of it.The mega chip cookie my mom got was amazingly sweet. There was just enough dough in it to (almost) hold together the myriad of chips for transport to the container. One bite and it crumbled to pieces. I definitely must investigate how they will taste strewn over an ice cream sundae.
5	Ordered cupcakes and the cake topper for my vegas wedding.  I was a little apprehensive since I'm not a vegas local. Not being able to do a tasting, my decision was purely based on price, reviews, their website photos and ease of communication. Also being a bride on a budget, I found that their cupcakes were decently priced in comparison to other cupcake establishments. The planning process went smoothly.  I provided reference photos for the cake topper and went over the color schemes with Kari, who was helpful and responded promptly through emails and the phone.  I'm happy to say that I was extremely pleased with how everything turned out.  Retro delivered the cakes on time. Everyone at the wedding raved on how yummy the cupcakes were. I highly recommend Retro Bakery for out of town brides.
4	The inside of the bakery is cute and really lives up to it's name. The font, colors, and old school refrigerator adds to the ambiance making it both classic and contemporary. I really like the fact that they allow organizations to do fund raising cupcakes, which shows how much they care about the community! My church group has done it twice and it's easy to do considering the fact that Retro Bakery is so popular. Keri and her staff are also super nice and easy to work with. They really do care for their clientele and show the personal customer service everyone looks for in a locally owned business. I've tried an array of flavors and my favorite is the hopscotch. Although I do wish they didn't put as much butter cream and it tends to be on the sweet side for my preference.
2	It pains me to give Retro a two star review. It's like throwing my hand in what looks like a jar of honey, only to have it come out bloody because it was actually a jar of thumbtacks.This morning, I ordered a bunch of cupcakes to have delivered to some very special business colleagues (not to me...this is important to note).Delivery to the Las Vegas strip runs about $20. Fine. No big deal. Here is the thing that ground my gears...the cupcakes were delivered without the special note that I left for the colleagues, and on top of that, they were addressed to me. Cupcakes are not cheap, nor is the delivery. I put a lot of faith into Retro because of all of the positive Yelp reviews, perhaps I should've researched a bit more about their delivery/service. The only redeeming factor is that the cupcakes were delicious per the recipients.To Retro....I'm not sure if this was an honest mistake or not, but please take extra care of your clients who require delivery service. I know that I will hesitate to use Retro when it comes time to make an order for Valentine's Day. Sorry.
5	Hands down the best cupcake place in Las Vegas or maybe even anywhere! Good thing this place is on the opposite side of town or I'd be twenty pounds heavier. The hopscotch cupcake is similar to a butterscotch dipped cone and it is just so delicious. I've tried an assortment of flavors and I haven't found one I didn't like. The owners are always there and friendly which is a huge plus. Also they make these sinful mega chip cookies that are a must if you go there.
4	This was just a darling little place in North Las Vegas.  I loved the retro design.  It was definitely a fun and friendly place.  The owner was a super awesome gal who definitely knew her cupcake places in the country.  She was very enthusiastic and very friendly. She had a lot of very unique and different flavors including Maple Bacon, Iced Tea, etc.  I enjoyed seeing that.  Her cupcakes had a lot of frosting on them and frosting that was very very sweet.  So, if you're a frosting fan, this is the place to go.  Unfortunately, I don't like things that sweet.
5	I personally LOVE a good cupcake and if given the opportunity I would probably attempt to eat one every day! With that being said Retro is probably one of THE best cupcake bakeries in town.I have never tasted anything bad from retro. And even if it were a flavor I wasnt fond of I still cant complain because the frosting is top notch and the consistency is always moist. They have a wonderful variety and I always look forward to a cupcake when Im in the area!
5	During a birthday trip to Vegas, I wanted to surprise my bf with a cake delivered to our hotel. After checking with our hotel bakery and learning it would be over $100 for a 8'' cake, it was time to look elsewhere. After checking out Yelp, I decided to give this place a call. They offer a flat $20 delivery to ANYWHERE on the strip, and an 8'' cake was only $20 with a "Happy Birthday" messaged at no additional charge. You can also choose from any of their many fun flavors- I went with mint chocolate chip...DELICIOUS.They day of the delivery the driver actually texted me to let me he was on his way, which was appreciated considering we had been drinking sangria by the pool for about 5 hours and I probably would have been passed out floating in the pool otherwise. Although we were too drunk to appreciate the delectable cake at the time and were flying out the next day, this place still was awesome in every aspect.
3	As a self-proclaimed cupcake connoisseur, I'm quite surprised I haven't reviewed this place.Retro Bakery has one of the highest ratings for cupcakes on Yelp. I'm not quite sure why. Yes, they are under $3 bucks. Yes, they have cool names. Yes, some are dunked in liquid chocolate or butterscotch that packs on an extra 150 calories. I still don't see why this place is so special?I've four or five times, and I've tried just about everything on the menu. Has anyone even noticed the Retro only has like three or four different types of cake??? The buttercream, which the pride themselves in, is overly sweet. You only get a dab, and I am only able to eat a portion.Here are a few highlights:Chocolate Fountain: Actually good. It's different. I actually like it.Pink Lemonade: Also good.. maybe because it's not a vanilla or chocolate cake?Maple Bacon: Congratulations! The first cupcake of my life that I was unable to eat. Gross!The Raspberry/lemon ensemble: Just get a blueberry muffin.Monster cookie: Nothing special. The cookie batter isn't that good. Chocolate chip was forgettable as well.I respect the fact that it's a mom and pop shop. and who I knows - I might even go again. If you're looking for variety and flavor, go to Gigi's.
5	Love this place!  When my husband bites into anything and groans-its a good thing!  He is so picky about everything he eats, he barley eats anything!  He tried the Glazed Donut and thought he had died and gone to heaven.  I am a self proclaimed foodie and love these just as much.  The cake is perfectly dense and moist at the same time and the frosting is just perfect.  I had the Red Velvet and the Cherry Cheesecake, oh my they were soooo good.  GO GO GO and try these soon!
4	Freakin' adorable cupcakes served by the nicest people.  Decently priced compared to other cupcake joints.  The Hop Scotch.  All these things helped bump Retro Bakery up to four stars.As much as I want to be butt-crazy in love with this place, I really can't.  The cake has a great consistency- not too dense but not falling apart, either.  But the icing is just way, way too sweet for me.  When I have one of these cupcakes I have to share (gasp!) because I'm afraid I'm going to upset my stomach.I've tried several flavors, the most recent being chocolate/peanut butter frosting, vanilla/salted caramel frosting, and a cookies 'n cream.  I hate to say it, but the flavors of all these frostings really didn't come through.  Not enough peanut butter flavor, not enough caramel (and zero salt).... You get the picture.  The only cupcake that tastes amazing to me every time is the Hop Scotch.  There's loads of flavor from the butterscotch and it pairs nicely with the vanilla cupcake.  But again, I have to share so I don't get an instant cavity.So, as for the cupcakes I'm going to say they are A-Ok and worth three stars.  The fact I really enjoy the Hop Scotch and that they are a friendly, small shop gives them four.
5	Copying & pasting my review from my tumblr. Pics and stuff included on http://joijam.tumblr.com/page/2 if you wanna see em :-)"In Vegas we went to this bakery called Retro Bakery. It was better than The Cupcakery (in my opinion). Don't get me wrong, The Cupcakery was good too, but I went to Retro Bakery more than once (shame on me!). There was so much to try and (one of) the owners, Brian, was super nice. I didn't meet his wife, the other owner though. The gals behind the counter were sweet as pie and they remembered us when we went back. I fell in love with the sugar cookies. They were so good, I didn't even want any more cupcakes! Now that's something! My only complaint is that the cookies had frosting on them. I scraped it off because they're so tasty the frosting isn't even necessary (again, my opinion). They looked like their cookie pictured above with the Johnny Cupcakes logo, minus the logo and with colored sugar. Honestly, my own cookies didn't survive long enough to have a photo op so I had to use that cookie from their Flickr. See more of their work here. I won't say how many trips we made, but I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas."Update: Went back to Vegas and the owner is still super cool, the treats are still deelish, and they are still better than The Cupcakery! This will continue to be my favorite cupcake spot in Vegas. Long live Retro!
5	As an avid fan of cupcakes, Retro Bakery never disappoints.  I really can't pick a favorite cupcake, but right now I'm partial to the apple cider.  I could sit and eat these all day if calories weren't a factor!  The owners are always so nice too.  :)
5	I finally made it into Retro Bakery after hearing wonderful things from Chastine V. about their cupcakes. I was in need of a single, aesthetically pleasing cupcake, flavor was not important. I rolled in just a bit before closing, so my options were a bit limited... Two SUPER friendly and helpful ladies helped me pick out the best looking cupcake of the bunch. I ended up deciding on the flavor of the month which was Chocolate Covered Strawberry... The website describes this as: Chocolate cake topped with strawberry buttercream dipped in dark chocolate ganache. Cost was around $3 with tax. Not only was this one adorable cupcake, but the taste test also did not disappoint. The cake itself was nice and moist but the 'icing on the cake' if you will was the frosting. It tasted just like a chocolate covered strawberry, only not juicy. My tastebuds are devastated but my hips and wallet are both thankful that Retro Bakery is on the other side of town from my house! If it was closer I could see myself making many trips to satisfy my sweet tooth.
5	LOVE this place.  The banana, nut chocolate cake, I got for my birthday was DELICIOUS!
5	Used them for my wedding. Everything was perfect from start to finish!  They helped us pick flavors and estimate how many we would need.  They confirmed the order a few days before the wedding.  On the wedding day they delivered and set up on time.  And of course the cupcakes were delicious.  My guests loved them!  We got the mini ones so people could try different flavors.  The Red Carpet is to die for!
5	BEST BEST BEST cupcake place in town! Unique flavors and pleasant staff. They even delivered a large order of cupcakes for our birthday party at Aria. They also make cookies that are CRAZY good!
5	If I had to move away from Vegas, I'd come back just for Retro. Their Red Carpet (like red velvet) cupcakes and cake is the absolute best, and I have eaten them all over the country! The buttercream icing is heaven... you can taste the real butter, and they add just a hint of almond flavoring for added yummyness. They also will make cakes for any occasion, and you don't need to call way ahead. The cakes are in the flavor of the cupcakes, so you can try the flavor ahead of time. All are absolutely gorgeous, but don't let the outside fool you.... it's the taste that gets me every time!
5	Retro Bakery should be enjoyed by everyone that loves sweets.  They have a fabulous variety of flavors that includes vegan options.  My favorite was the vegan peanut butter cup.  I purchased a dozen random flavors and asked my co-workers to do a taste test for me.  The flavors that were appreciated the most were Maple Bacon, Mint Chocolate Chip and Drumstick.  That being said, none of the flavors were not appreciated so try them all!
5	Our wedding cake and cupcakes were simply awesome--so decadent, fresh and really cute.  Thanks so much for a wonderful experience.  We are huge fans!
5	I was craving for cupcakes last week and so I consulted Yelp for good bakeries in our area. Retro Bakery came up and it had wonderful reviews and it's not too far from our place. I went on a Friday and was greeted by a very accommodating lady. I only had one flavor that I knew I wanted to try so I asked her what she would recommend and she was very helpful. She recommended their Flavor for the Day which was Brownie Sundae, and she said Apple Cider is her favorite and the Maple Bacon cupcake is also a best-seller. I took her advice and bought those four flavors. My absolute favorites are the Apple Cider and Red Carpet, but all of them are delicious! I love the buttercream on top! It just adds more flavor to every bite of the cupcake. :) 5 stars for the cupcakes' appearance and taste! 5 stars for the friendly attendant as well! :)
5	Found out about Retro from a friend of mine, one day this picture of delicious cupcakes appears on my screen and from that moment I was curious. I'm a HUGE fan of cupcakes, maybe that's putting it lightly. I'm obsessed with them. big, small, edible and non-edible I love them all. So since moving to Vegas i've tried to seek out the "best cupcake in town" so I decided to give Retro a try. And let me tell you what i'm glad I did. Retro's cakes are AH-MAZING! The flavors are great, the cakes are moist and the frostings are on point. My favorites are the coconut, hop scotch(butterscotch), and the blueberry pancake. The other flavors are awesome too, there's different specials on different days so check their website for the up to date flavor list. Even though it's way up in the NW it's worth the trip to get some delicious baked goods!! www.retrobakerylv.com
5	I had only driven from across town to try this place.....and It was so effing worth it!!! I am so in love..and this was only my first visit. But trust me...It will not be my last.I went the night before my birthday.... and they had just closed!!! Darn it!!! I begged and  pleaded in the parking lot with 3 people who had just exited the bakery  with stacks of white boxes in their arms...and after 30 seconds I had an assorted dozen of the most amazingly artistic perfect cupcakes I had ever seen. My box included Retro- chocolate with a cream filling(great), pistachio(great), apple cider(great) and some other flavors that my kids scarfed down before I could see them. The butter cream frosting is so smooth, creamy, and yummy! The cake is so fluffy and flavorful. PUCKER UP....DAMN great is all I can say!!!! This cupcake right here!!!!  Sweet yet Tart pieces of real raspberry in white cake topped with a lemonilicious (is that a word?!!) cloud of butter cream... Please check this bakery out!!!!
5	I haven't lived in Vegas in almost 3 years and yet EVERY SINGLE TIME I come home I have to visit this place! The owners know me and my mom as regulars and my only wish is that they'd open a second shop in LA but oh well, a girl can dream.My favorite flavors are Butterscotch, Maple Bacon and the super yummy Coffee & Donuts. I've ordered dozens for special occasions and for everyday sweet treats and I'm never disappointed. It's always moist and the icing is sweet, just like I like it.Great Cupcakes. Great People!
4	On a recent trip up north near Centennial, I had to stop in and indulge in my favorite bakery in Las Vegas.  My first visit there was just about closing time and the staff offered any of the flavors in the case for $1 each.  Of course I got a dozen and took them home to my wife.Some of the flavors are flat out amazing, some appeal more to a niche palate.  Not every flavor is going to be for everyone.  People, who are complaining about Retro because of one particular flavor don't get it.The owner, Kari (I follow her tweets on Twitter) is a super cool person who is constantly striving to keep it fresh and perfect her craft.  Sometimes she hits Grand Slam homeruns, sometimes she hits a pop fly; either way I am always delighted to go in and see what is on deck!
5	We used their delivery service the second time we got cupcakes from Retro and it went off without a hitch.  They have 3 separate windows of time that they make their deliveries.  Mine were to be dropped off I believe between 3 and 5 and the delivery person arrived at our hotel a little bit past 3 o'clock.  I ended up going to the wrong valet area to meet her and felt bad that I had to make her wait for me to finally find the right one and pick up my cupcakes, but she was totally cool about it.  Very nice girl!The cupcakes did not disappoint and were well worth the $20 delivery fee they charge.  We had to get their dreamy Hop Scotch again - eyes roll to the the back of the head good!!  I'm a vanilla kind of girl so I had to get their Vanilla Loves Vanilla again as well.  Others we got were the Milk & Cookies, Cotton Candy, and a special strawberry one that they were offering for a limited time.  While they were all good, my favorite of those three was the Cotton Candy.  It's up there as a favorite along with their Hop Scotch and Vanilla Loves Vanilla.  My birthday was coming up so we had "Happy Birthday" picks placed on top of each cupcake - cute!  Can't wait to have their cupcakes again! :)
3	I dont know I was spoiled in SF. We had cupcakes with guts, gooey bits in the inside. Cupcakes in Vegas seem to be mostly a base for some tasty frosting options.  Depth is needed.  The kids liked it.
5	These are the best cupcakes in the valley, hands down (and we've tried a lot of cupcake places)...
4	I wasn't necessarily a cupcake fan and couldn't understand the huge increase in popularity for cupcakes, but now I know why they're the "in" thing for many people.  Yesterday on the way back from hiking with Yelp friends at Mount Charleston, we did a quick off/on the freeway to go to Retro bakery.  I've seen the reviews, but since it's a drive from where I live, I never went here.  That will change.I bought a box of four, and it was difficult picking the flavors I wanted because they all looked so good.  I ended up with; 1) red carpet with an almond butter cream frosting on a red velvet like cake; 2) Coffee and doughnut with a frosting of sugar doughnut-like frosting and a dollop of coffee flavored frosting; 3) Cookies and cream; and 4) Chocolate fountain with chocolate cake and chocolate buttercream frosting and dipped in chocolate ganache.We tried the Coffee and doughnut and the Chocolate fountain yesterday and will polish off the other two tonight.  I think some people might think the frosting is too sweet, but I'm such a sour person, sweet is always good!I forgot to add that the staff was very friendly and quite helpful!I'll be stopping in after a hike again because I want to get some of their large cookies.  They looked so good in the case.
5	Quick update while I'm writing reviews today...THESE ARE STILL DELICIOUS..Thanks, that is all.
4	My friend and I went on a "Cupcake Tour of Las Vegas" and Retro was our first stop!  First impression - very clean and organized shop with incredible staff.  Everybody was so friendly, asked if we had any questions.  Their case of cupcakes was so drool-worthy, it took me a few minutes to just get my head on straight and make some selections.  Retro ended up being one of my favorite stops on our tour! I decided on the Lemon Raspberry and the Maple Bacon.  I ate the MB cupcake immediately, right there in the car.  Oooooooh.  That's some good stuff.  A great blend of sweet and savory.  I enjoyed the LR cupcake that night, but wasn't wowed.  I liked the frosting, but it was almost too sweet (words that almost never come out of my mouth).  I was expecting more of a raspberry flavor in the cake too.  I probably wouldn't order that one again, but I will say both cakes were perfectly moist, yet strong enough to hold up the frosting without crumbling in my hand.   Definitely some quality stuff!  I was lucky enough to steal the Red Carpet cupcake from my friend, and that was probably the best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.  It's topped with a buttercream that has a slight almond flavor, which makes it fantastic. I had a great conversation with one of the gals there, who also used to live in Portland.  Great vibe, fab cupcakes!  Check them out if you haven't already.
5	Delicious yummy yum yum cake. You know how most wedding cake tastes like shit. Usually because it has a ton of fondant which no doubt makes for a beautiful cake yet bitter frosting. Retro made our wedding cake and it was by far the best cake I have ever had aside from my own homemade cheesecake. Then again I am partial to cheesecake and cheesecake that comes out of my oven. Our cake was adorable and delicious a combination that is hard to come by regarding wedding cakes. We had a lemon cake with a cream cheese raspberry buttercream frosting. So incredibly moist and scrumptious.
3	I like these cupcakes, and the girls up front are nice.....But when they screwed up my order, nothing was even done about it! I made a reservation of three cupcakes, which  all were the same flavor. I picked up the cupcakes, and as soon as I got home, I notice that one cupcake was not the one that I ordered. I call them, and the girl asks me to come back to the store to switch out the wrong cupcake. I wasn't about to make that drive back over there, especially in the heat!!! I thought they would have handled that situation a little better than that, pretty disappointed. I was a loyal customer, but with them not handling that problem like they should have, I am debating if I should go back. Taking care of your loyal customers is key, and I was not taken care of.
5	Great bakery!   I recommend, I dont think I have anything better than what has been said so far.   I will go back and try more, they look awesome and taste awesome!  Bravo!  Go NW foodies, get you some!
4	I popped in here again recently and I wanted to update my review:* Drumstick - hell, yes. I loved this so much. I was sad when it was gone. The vanilla cake on this was out of this world. I don't throw that around much.  Though they used both vanilla buttercream and chocolate ganache, it was the perfect amount and the peanuts really took it over the edge. God, now I want one.* Hop Scotch -- their best selling and very delicious, but a bit too sweet for me. The cake was vanilla and moist, but I think I would've preferred either butterscotch glaze or frosting, not both. If you've got a sweet tooth, this is your jam. (Note, messy to eat, so be sitting somewhere.)* Red Carpet - we'd already finished buying our four cupcakes, but when I saw these come out of the oven, I had to get one. The cake was moist, light, had a good red velvet flavor. It wasn't as good as some other red velvets I've had (I tend to prefer more cocoa in my red velvet), but it's right up there. The frosting, on the other hand, was so awesome and I'm not a big frosting person. It was probably the best cream cheese icing I've ever had, next to my grandmother's.* Retro Cupcake - my boyfriend got this one, but I had a bite. It was totally spot on -- like the classic Hostess, but, you know, good. I loved the cream in the innards.* Chocolate Fountain - my boyfriend also got this one and it was out of control chocolate. They're not messing around here. It's awesome, but chocoholics need only apply. A bit messy to eat.Big ups to the staff -- they were so sweet and friendly. They complimented me on my dress and didn't even think it was weird when my boyfriend pulled Domo from his pocket and wanted to do a cupcake photoshoot.  They had nothing but high praise and were very professional while still being inviting. Thanks!I seriously want a cupcake now.
5	I'm not up in the North Las Vegas area too much, but when I knew I would be up there I made a point to go to Retro Bakery and try their cupcakes.  My boyfriend and I got a box of 4 cupcakes and they were AMAZING!! The Hop Scotch was hands-down my favorite but I also enjoyed the unique taste of the Coffe & Donuts cupcake.  They had a polite & friendly staff as well :) I wish I lived closer to this place so I could go there more often -- definitely check it out if you have a sweet tooth and want some fabulous cupcakes in fun flavors with creamy, delicious frosting!
5	This bakery is small but full of energy.  The menu offered lots of variety, in which the bacon cupcake took me by surprise the most.  It melts on your mouth.  I ordered a dozen for my kid's bd party, and the cake went flying off the tray.  I strongly recommend it.
5	Awesome Cakes & Bacon Cupcakes!I love Retro Bakery! I went here for the Johnny Cupcakes Suitcase tour & stayed for the treats they had. I Strongly recommend it!!
5	Great Great Bakery! I ordered a Chicken n Waffles cake for my husbands 30th birthday in Vegas.  It turned out amazing! I added photos above.  The staff was very easy to work with and professional.  The cake tasted amazing as well :) thank you Retro for creating a highlight in the celebration!!
3	I bought a birthday cake there about 3 years ago and some cupcakes.  The birthday cake was stale.  The cupcakes were absolutely not to my like or my families.I think for me, the cupcakes tasted as though they were made from prepackaged ingredients (I am told that this is not uncommon in some bakeries) and the frosting was sickly sweet.  You either are going to LOVE these cupcakes or you aren't.We didn't However I gave them 3 stars for their great service.
5	I've been wanting to check out Retro Bakery for YEARS.  I've read the blog of the owner for a few years now, so that's always fueled my need to check this place out.  For various reasons we just haven't made it the last few times we've been to Vegas.  This past weekend we FINALLY made it!I almost chickened out after reading some of the negative reviews, thinking I'd be sorely disappointed.  Fortunately for me, I LOVED IT.  I'm not even a huge cupcake person, but these little cakes were really incredible.  I was initially shocked at how heavy the box of 4 cupcakes were.  They are substantial!  The cake is moist and heavy, but not too heavy.  The cupcakes are a good size, bigger than Sprinkles, but not as big as say, Bristol Farms (if you've ever been there).  The buttercream frosting is sweet, but I didn't find it too sweet like some people did.  There's a good amount, leaving enough frosting for every bite.Here's what we tried (in order of favorites):Think Pink:  This is their breast cancer awareness month cupcake that donates $1 of every cupcake sold to Susan G. Komen.  Pink vanilla cake with strawberry frosting.  Husband and I both agreed this was the winner!  I almost didn't order it, as it didn't sound that impressive, but I'm a sucker for anything breast cancer related.  The cake was moist and the frosting super flavorful.  It didn't taste at all like fake strawberry, which really impressed me.Hopscotch:  Their #1 seller, so we had to try.  Vanilla cake with vanilla frosting, dunked in butterscotch.  The butterscotch dunk really put it over the edge!  Yum.Drumstick: Vanilla cake with vanilla frosting, dipped in chocolate and crushed nuts.  It was very reminiscent of a drumstick and the chocolate with nuts was a great combo.Pucker up: Raspberry cake with lemon frosting.  Husband really liked it, but it was just so-so for me.  I'm a sweets person 100% and would have liked if the frosting was a bit sweeter.  If you don't like things overly sweet, I'd definitely recommend this.  It's not something I'd order again with all the other great options to try, but it wasn't bad.The girls working the counter were super friendly and helpful, which always ups the experience.  We will definitely return next time we're in Vegas!  It's about 20 minutes off the strip, but definitely worth the trip!
5	I. LOVE. RETRO.  Hands down best service, creativity and taste in Vegas.  I have had the pleasure of eating two beautiful birthday cakes from Retro and both experiences were wonderful.  If you are traveling from out of town Retro makes the process so easy.  They will deliver to the strip and even to your favorite restaurant while coordinating everything between themselves and the eatery. Brian was great to work with -- he answered all of my questions and made multiple revisions to my cake to ensure my husbands surprise birthday was unforgettable. He was extremely responsive and open to my ideas while recommending options to consider.   My birthday cake was a chocolate cake with cookies and cream filling.  It was moist, flavorful while being classy and gorgeous.  My husbands was a custom chocolate cake with peanut butter icing.  Delicious!  When the waiter brought the surprise cake to the table he complimented on how this was one of the coolest cakes he had ever seen. Retro is our go to place while partying in Vegas.  You will not be disappointed!
5	WE. LOVE. RETRO. just cannot drive by without stopping in!!! keep doing what you do!!!
5	Love Love Love Retro Bakery!  I've tried my share of cupcakes and haven't been overly impressed in what Vegas has to offer.  There are a couple places around that I love every cupcake I've tried and Retro is definitely one.  Not too long ago, I had someone at my door.  To my surprise when I opened it, I had a dozen of the best looking cupcakes being delivered.  There isn't much to say about these cupcakes.  Delicious yet simple.  The combination of the rich icing and moist cake is perfect!  The cookies and cream is by far the best!
5	I've been to a few cupcake bakeries around the Valley and have to say this one is by far the best I've went to.  The pricing is very reasonable and the selection was great.  I got the cookies and milk cupcake and instantly feel in love.  It wasn't overly sweet like the other bakeries I've been to.  Definitely going back to try some other flavors.
5	Love Love LOVE Retro Bakery!   For my wedding in 2010, I probably tried cupcakes from every cupcake making bakery Las Vegas, North Las Vegas, Summerlin, and Henderson.  I tasted A LOT of cupcakes.  Retro was by far the best and for my wedding, they were totally flexible (I mix and matched cake and icing flavors how I wanted them) and did a mix of full size and mini cupcakes.  I only wish I hadn't been in a wedding dress so I could have eaten one of each!The cupcakes are moist and flavorful and the butter cream frosting is delicious.  They put all kinds of fun toppers on too.  Each month they have a special flavor (which are always amazing) and I try to stop in every once in a while just for fun and they are my first stop for special occasions!BTW, I have dreams about the hopscotch and salted caramel cupcakes....  mmmmm....
5	Retro Bakery is surely helping the property values in the Centennial Hills area! I love all their flavors especially Maple Bacon, Coconut, and Peanut Butter. I also like the fact that they are always introducing new flavor combinations on a regular basis. Im so glad i live around the block from them...
5	Totally awese.  I ordered my wedding cake from out of town without ever sampling, so it was a risk.  I got the buttercream with cinnamon and it was a hit!  They delivered to our hotel and it was just like I had asked for...better actually!  We loved the cake, and the cupcakes, and escpecially the friendly owners.  Thanks!  Only wish they would open a store in Austin now!
5	This bakery is well worth the trip to NE Las Vegas. I'd been reading about Retro Bakery for awhile and hemmed and hawed about going to their location. I shouldn't have. When I got there, I was greeted by 2 very friendly staff members as well as the husband and wife owners. They were all very friendly, but not very helpful in assisting me narrow down my choice. I shouldn't have worried as everything was good. I bought 6 cupcakes with the intention of sharing. The cupcake I chose for myself was the Hopscotch, their #1 seller. I can see why as it was toe tapping delicious. I also got a Retro, Chocolate Fountain, Milk and Cookies, Red Carpet, and Maple Bacon. While all delicious, worth noting were the Red Carpet and the Maple Bacon. Absolutely outstanding. My friend got a mega chip cookie. Also fantastic. Since it's the holiday season, the had an egg nog cupcake I am going back to try. Along with another Hopscotch. Oh, and none of those cakes I got to share survived the trip. Maybe next time...
5	Very friendly! Comparable to Freed's Bakery!! Now that is saying something!
5	I have been a massive fan of Retro Bakery for quite some time now. I've tried other cupcake places in town, and there is just no comparison to Retro.These are not your mother's cupcakes! Incredibly moist cake, topped with a large amount of buttercream frosting. I've tried almost every flavor, and while there are one or two I would avoid due to sweetness (Pink Lemonade and Cotton Candy), the majority of the cakes are amazing. I recommend a trip up there on a Tuesday so you can try the Blueberry Pancake. A cupcake baked with maple syrup? This Canadian approves!!Other flavors that I recommend as must-haves are Hopscotch, Milk & Cookies, Coffee & Donuts, and Maple Bacon. Besides the great cupcakes, the service here is always amazing. Owners Keri and Brian are always around and both are extremely friendly. The girls who work the counter always have a smile on their face, and go the extra mile to make your experience great.Please support local business and check out Retro Bakery. Yeah, it's a bit of a drive, but it's well worth it.
5	I'm a frequent yelp user but have never written any reviews because I've never found a place either so bad I needed to complain or so wonderful I needed to rave.  Until now.  I've had my fair share of cupcakes in the valley, heck all across the country for that matter.  None have ever come close in taste and quality to those made by Retro Bakery.  I live in  the south east so getting to Retro is a haul, but it's worth every traffic-filled minute for one taste of their hop scotch cupcake.  And don't even get me started on the cakes.  We recently ordered a cake here for a retirement celebration and the cake was absolutely incredible.  I even took some of the leftovers so I could give some to my family and my neighbors, who agreed that the cake was so good it was life changing.  If you haven't been here, make the trip.  Skip the other joints in town, they can't hold a candle to this place!
3	Ok, this place proves that I really dont have a sweet tooth.   I ordered two cupcakes for me and husband, the service was quick and friendly.  We waited a few hours to eat them, noticed the grease ring around the cupcake holder, so we knew these were pretty rich.   First bite really great, but got overwhelmed by how rich and sugary these were after that....  My fault, dont have sweet tooth i guess.
5	Omg I love sugar and frosting! I am that one person who eats the plain frosting off of cakes even though I know I will feel sick from it later... I really like their cupcakes!
5	I was introduced to Retro Bakery many years ago.  Since that time, their cupcakes have become a staple at any birthday gathering, family event, or anything really!  I love introducing newbies to the excitement of Retro Bakery.  Their flavor combinations are creative, fun and not to mention the most delicious in town!  I have tried other cupcake places in the Las Vegas valley and Retro wins by a buttercream landslide!!!
3	SPEAKIN OF RETRO, HAS ANYONE EVER SEEN BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD?You know, that one part when Beavis eats too much sugar and all of a sudden he turns into Cornholio? You tube it. I will wait for you.Ok so that was me after eating only HALF of a Maple Bacon Cupcake. I come home with my both my arms in the air with my t-shirt pulled up to my nose yelling "I AM CORNHOLIO! I NEED TP FOR MY BUNGHOLE!" My kids ask me if im ok. I reply, "ARE YOU THREATENING ME?" Then comes "The Crash". I am knocked out on the couch. What was I talkin about? Oh yeah, im supposed to be doing this review. All you need to know is that they have a lot of different combination cupcakes from the Maple Bacon to the Coffee n Donuts selections that me and the wifey got. Assuming you, the reader, have never been here, just this little bit of info should get your insulin juices flowing. Why three stars? Couple reasons. One is each individual cupcake is around $2.50. So for a dozen you gotta shell out around 30 bucks. If you were planning on having a decent size birthday party for your kid and cupcakes are the option, you can easily spend almost a hundred bucks for 36 of them. The other reason is that their location is kind of in the boonies. So you gotta actually PLAN a time to go there.Overall, I wanted to be fair so I think 3 is appropriate. Now if I just happen to check out another cupcake place, then these guys will be my measuring stick. I am a firm believer in updating this review if it warrants it. For all the info you need on these guys, check out their webste: www.retrobakerylv.comNow, where is my insulin shot?
5	Cupcakes are always amazing!!! And the cakes look incredible. I've been going since they opened and 5 years later they're better than ever!
4	I was looking through the local talk thread the other day and someone posted a question about where to find the best cupcakes in town. The board seemed to have an overwhelming positive response for Retro Bakery. Investigating further, I found this cupcake place is about 5 mins from my house! Where have I been?! I couldn't belive I could be so in the dark about a place that specializes in SWEETS! I HAD to try it out.  I took the one person who gave me my great taste, my mom. :) We arrived as giddy as kids in a candy store. It wasn't all Willy Wonka like I was building it up in my mind but the variety of cupcakes was pretty spectacular. Maple Bacon might not sound like the best flavor for a cupcake but it was one of my favorite that we tried. It was a welcome relief from the extra sweet cream taste that comes with every other flavor. This seemed to be the least sweet (although still very sweet) of them all.At $2.65 a piece, the cupcakes were a little pricy for what you get. At times I found myself wondering if I bought any cupcake to go along with my sweet cream frosting. For the yelper with an extra sweet tooth, this is definitely your place!!
5	I drove 30 min just to try this place. YUMMMMMO Best cupcakes I have had in town. Moist! The flavors are good. the butterscotch one was my favorite!
4	Finally made it in!  I live right next door, but for some reason never made the time.We tried a little bit of everything, including a butterscotch topped cake,  lemon raspberry creme, choco genache, and raspberry choco genache!  The favs outta this bunch for me was the butterscotch and the raspberry choco genache!  Pic of my set :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/retro-bakery-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#PD0K5MJaaCDSqsBMwxXBwAI liked how they made the butter cream frosting on top, and how they cover it with chocolate or butterscotch on some of the varieties, but I felt like the cake batter didn't have as much flavor/moistness to me as that "other" cupcake place.So they still aren't my #1, but they are crazy close to me location wise and the prices are fair at around $2.65 a cupcake.  It will be a fairly regular stop for me :)
5	We were in Las Vegas for a weekend and it was our daughters birthday.  We read Yelp and followed the reviews.  We are very happy that we did!  The cupcakes were absolutely delicious!!  They even have vegan - and they were better than the regular cupcakes - which is really saying something.  We paid for delivery and they delivered directly to the hotel and during the time they stated. Staff was wonderful and friendly.   The cupcakes were perfectly decorated and were gorgeous to look at.   The taste was phenomenal.  Moist cake, delicious frosting.   Please do not hesitate to try Retro Bakery!!
4	I absolutely love this bakery and I am so glad it is too far to go to on a regular or I would be big as a house LOL!. I highly recommend the butterscotch ganache and the coffee and donuts or just the donuts without the coffee LOL! You'll go away happy that's for sure!
5	I've kept coming back here for quite some time now, so I though I should at the least review it. I love this place! Everyone who I have either brought here, or have exposed to some delicious thing here absolutely loves it. Better than any other cupcake franchise and independent bakeries. Cookies, cupcakes, and the cakes (every birthday cake I have goes through these guys!) have always been consistently and absolutely the best! The prices are totally fair, the place is always clean, and the staff are the absolute best! Everyone I have dealt with has been kind, patient, and totally seems to be enjoying what they do everyday. That is love. And it shows in the products. I can't say enough good things about Retro Bakery, so please check them out when you're in the area (but even when I lived on the other side of town, I would make the trek over just to buy a cupcake!).
1	I really wanted to like this place. My husband,daughter and I ordered the maple bacon, the cotton candy,drumstick thingy,and the glazed doughnut. They were the sweetest cupcakes I have ever had! The flavors were very well thought out but the only cake base they make is vanilla chocolate and a red velvet it seems. And im sure their buttercream is really shortening cream...i had an oil slick on my tounge for a while. I will make my own next time.
4	Retro bakery makes some of the yummiest cupcakes I've ever encountered. I bought a mixed dozen to celebrate my bf's promotion. Everyone loved them, including myself. They have such a great menu with quite a few flavors, they even had vegan cupcakes. That being said, they are a little pricey. For a special occasion I think it's totally worth it. Until then my waistline will be grateful!
5	If you are looking for someone to make your wedding cake and are extremely reasonable in price, don't look any further. Seriously, this place is awesome! I did all my searching from out of state and had to hold my breath until we actually got our cupcakes to find out just how awesome they were.I did my shopping from Vancouver, Washington and read this review and that review, and then had my two girlfriend from Vegas go to a few bakeries to try some cupcakes.  I checked prices and it seemed that the only ones that were willing to work with me were Retro Bakery. Seriously, I did EVERYTHING via email. I sent Brian a picture of what I wanted and we went back and forth and quite honestly, at the last minute, I decided on a different cake and sent him the picture and he said he'd do it. I was on a tight budget since it was out of state.It finally came time to order and that's the first and only time I had to make a call. Brian took my order, we went over the cake that I wanted as well as cupcakes. He was soooo friendly.The final product: EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED! I sent him a picture and that's exactly what I got. The cupcakes were delivered in two boxes and none were tilted or smashed. They took great care delivering them (we paid about $20 for delivery...or was it $30).I have no complaints at all about the bakery. Next time I am in Vegas, I am going to have to go just to try the Chocolate Fountain cupcakes (the big winner at the wedding) since I only tried the wedding cake (vanilla loves vanilla).Thank you, thank you, thank you, Retro Bakery. You guys are just awesome!
5	My experience with Retro Bakery was completely over the phone and online, and I am VERY happy with all of it. I planned my Las Vegas wedding from afar. After searching online for an affordable cupcakery, I finally asked the banquet coordinator for my reception site who he recommends. He suggested Retro Bakery. I viewed a ton of pictures of Retro Bakery's cupcake towers/wedding cakes and found a ton of beautiful options. After choosing which one I favored, I contacted Brian at Retro and got the process rolling. Talk about an easy process. I sent them pictures of my colors, told him how many cupcakes I needed and when, and that was it. They arrived at my reception site exactly as they said and set up the beautiful cupcake tower. It looked exactly as I had hoped it would. They did a fantastic job. Next comes the yummy part. Everything was delicious. We had vanilla, red velvet, and chocolate. I don't know which I liked better. In the end, I couldn't be happier with my experience and with the product. Definitely recommend Retro for all of your cupcake needs!
5	A super awesome cupcake place. Kinda bummed they close so early, but I went in here for the first time the other day and was amazed by all the cupcakes they had available. They're decorated super cute and the frosting is REALLY abundant on them, so hope your an icing lover. They got a vast assortment of flavors, from your typical chocolate and red velvet cupcakes to things like blueberry pancakes, birthday cake and pistachio. My favorite is the cotton candy, so don't you dare go buy them all or I'll be super pissed!I bought a dozen here yesterday and they're already half gone. My step-mom seems to be a big fan of them and she HATES EVERYTHINGGGG. So that's saying something if you can impress her!Hurray for Retro Bakery! Make me a Spider-man cake!
5	OMG the cupcakes are awesome! I'm the type of person who usually won't spend money on a cupcake. I just can't  bring myself to do it. I can bake a whole batch of cupcakes for the price of one. But my fiance and I were visiting different bakeries to find a wedding cake, and Retro had such great reviews that we decided to visit. The cupcakes are so good, and we liked so many of them, that we decided to do a cupcake tower instead of a wedding cake so that our guests can choose what flavor(s) they want. :-)  They are a small shop, so you do have to be patient if you're calling ahead or emailing, but the employees are all very friendly. So far, my favorite is the Hop Scotch (and I'm usually a total chocolate person), but several others were a close second. I will update the review after our wedding. :-)
5	OMG!  The sugar, THE SUGAR!   The cupcakes here are to die for.  My favorites, Maple Bacon Cupcake, and the cinnamon frosted sugar cookies.  They will even mail you cookies!  I had some mailed to Korea and they were still awesome!  I wish I could order the cupcakes...maybe...I can?  Also there are so many other flavors, and them flavors depending on holidays and seasons.  Best bakery ever, (at least for cupcakes and cookies!)
5	It is offical, I have been converted to the Retro style of making AWESOME CUPCAKES!Holy sheep these people put a lot of frosting on their cupcakes- but it is SO good! And their toppings make you want to smash your face into a wall, it's so cool.I tried the Cotton Candy cupcake which is a vanilla cake with, DUH, cotton candy pink frosting on tip and GLITTER!! Screw carnivals, if I need a cotton candy fix I'm going here. Their prices are at this moment a bit lower than some other places- and they make cakes. Awesome. Cakes.
5	Cupcakes, who doesn't love cupcakes? Especially a small business cupcake shop with an awesome owner? I have tried many of the "fancy gourmet style" cupcake joints around Vegas. Retro Bakery is in my top 2 favorites for sure. The fact that the boss lady interacts with her customers via social media as well as in person is a major plus. It is nice to actually see the owner working with her employees. My 2 personal favorites are the Hop Scotch which is some sort of butterscotch/buttercream cupcake. The other I believe is called milk and cookies. It is a chocolate chip cupcake topped with buttercream and a mini choc chip cookie. I am pretty sure their motto here is "It's all about the buttercream!" I also notice they are big supporters of other local companies, small business, food trucks, etc. On this trip I tried the regular chocolate chip cookie and I don't think I will ever return without adding a cookie to my cupcake order. The only downfall about this place is, its location. I am sure the northwest area appreciates it, but I would spend way more money if it was a central area.
4	I took my out-of-town friend here since she loves cupcakes.  I was thinking about taking her to my favorite cupcakery but I figured, I need to do myself a favor and try something new.  They open early and they're friendly even at 9am!We got Big Kahuna (pina colada), Hop Scotch (butterscotch), Red Carpet (red velvet), Milk & Cookies, Chocolate Fountain,  Drumstick, Pistachio, Pink Lemonade, Cherry Cheesecake, Cotton Candy, Pucker Up and Maple Bacon.  They're yummy and quite pretty.  My favorites are (in order of preference): pistachio, Drumstick, Big Kahuna, Cherry Cheesecake and Maple Bacon.  The packaging is simple (white box) and nothing fancy.  The cupcakes aren't expensive but they make sure you eat them within 2 days max.  They don't keep very well which means they don't use preservatives.
1	The cupcakes are pretty''' But for the pri$e'' I want it to taste as good as it looks'' fresh Frozen taste:{   You can tell there puttin there cupcakes in the freezer and mass baking them....Not fresh tasting at all''' Not worth what they charge for!
1	Ok so I wanted a cup cake. And lord and behold it's a cup cake place up the street from the house. I strutted in like I was John Travolta. I could feel the music. Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a woman's man no time to talk. The music I could hear came to a stop. Wait did someone scratch my record? Did she say 3 bucks for one cup cake well ok I will take five I have some snack money. Once in the car I took pictures ok go see my pictures...I will wait for you to get back.So, your back good my music is still off...Can you hear that? No me either my music is just gone. No cool bell bottoms and bee gees music for me I see.Anyway back to the review...These cupcakes are just ok they are not three dollar worthy at all. They more like a dollar and fifty cents worthy. Someone got a little cocky didn't they with the pricing. I wont be back unless someone is treating me. They claim to fame is it's all about the butter cream and that's true for them because the cakes themselves are dry. So dry like the desert in Nevada. Oh great example because we are in Nevada.
3	Okay so I was on my way to Utah from Vegas and my friend and I decided to take a detour to retro bakery based on the yelp reviews. Yes I actively seek out cupcake shops..anywhoo at first I wasn't convinced that this bakery was good based on the outside appearance. It's a little too simple.. But wow I was taken back once I got inside!!! The delicious sweet cake smell alone is overwhelming! We got four different cupcakes: chocolate chip, maple bacon, chocolate Sunday surprise, and glazed donut ( I might be off with the names)chocolate chip cookie with vanilla cream in the middle and then chocolate chip cake..um amazing!! it was soo freaking good.chocolate Sunday Surprise is a Friday special. my friend loved how the brownie was so thick like any brownie should be but never is. and the glazed donut has a glazed cream all over with a white cake. tasted exactly like a donut. definitely in heaven with these cupcakes and this store is top 5 in my list of cupcake stores ive been to in the US
4	Great variety of cupcakes! I personally love the Maple Bacon, because it's so different! While my hubby likes to keep it simple with the classic Retro cupcake. For those naysayers that complain about the price, I think the price is fair for what you are getting because they homemade with lots of love and no preservatives! Plus I would much rather support a locally run family friendly small business any day, even if it does mean I have to pay a bit more for a little piece of heaven :) But, they are sweet, I will agree with that, that is why, even though we live within walking distance, we rarely indulge in Retro goodies, because we can't handle the sweetness overload unless it is a special occasion!
4	I ordered 6 cupcakes for my grandson's first birthday party. When my son picked them up, my Grandson's was PINK! Eeek! No good! Of course I panicked because the party was soon, and I called the bakery pretty upset. Thankfully, they were super understanding and extremely accommodating!!! We got a blue cupcake and they made the price adjustments for the issue. GREAT customer service!Oh yes... And everyone raved about the delicious cupcakes!!Thanks Retro Bakery, we'll definitely be back.
2	So back in 2011 I went to Retro Bakery for my wedding cake since they were close instead of the bakery near the wedding reception location. I paid a decent amount for my cake and its was dry and not very good. The design, colors and flowers were all wrong so I called to complain and all they did was say sorry?? I'm not the type of person to complain to company's but I was so disappointed because it was my wedding cake...  Not no birthday cake. Don't think I'd go back...
3	I used Retro Bakery for my wedding cake. As an out-of-towner, I had to use Yelp to pick a bakery (thanks, Yelpers!). Retro had good reviews, so I called them and placed my order, which involved a two tier wedding cake and a vegan cupcake. I spoke a couple times on the phone, as well as emailed with the staff to confirm my order.The good: The cake tasted phenomenal. Despite being stuffed after the meal, everyone wanted to eat the cake. It was moist, and the flavours were intense and authentic. The buttercream was also delicious! It tasted like it was made with authentic ingredients, not chemicals. The bad: Getting the cake delivered was a bit of a hassle, as the drivers kept calling with changes in plans. On your wedding day, this can be a bit hectic.The ugly: They got the colour of my order wrong. Seriously wrong. I had asked for a white cake with Tiffany blue accents. The cake arrived and was entirely deep, bright, teal. Children's birthday cake teal. It would have been less bad if just the piping on the cake was that colour, but it was the entire cake! It looked like it belonged at a five-year-old's party. I laughed it off, but I'm not sure how this happened. Even if they thought the entire cake was supposed to be blue, I triple-checked with the person taking the order that they knew what I meant by "Tiffany Blue".  They did not.Bottom line: It was incredibly good cake, and that's what mattered most to me. However, you are paying for the work that goes into decorating, and it would be good if they had gotten it right. Had the colour been right, I would have given them five stars, it was so delicious. It was also nicely decorated, despite being the wrong colour.
5	This is the best cupcake place I've ever been to. I went on a cupcake frenzy because of cupcake wars lol I have had cupcakes  all over the Los Angeles San Diego and Hawaii. I've been to shops who have won cupcake wars in riverside California I've even had sprinkles cupcake in all 3 of there locations OK n cali and u guessed it hands down I prefer retro hands down sprinkles Beverly hills 2nd this is one of the reasons I come to Vegas.. You guys rock
2	After seeing great reviews about this place on yelp. I had to just try it out but was very disappointed.The cake was dry and frosting were extremely sweet.
5	Just received chocolate chip cookies in mail.  They were GREAT and huge.  Even I could not eat a whole one.  DELICIOUS!
5	Retro Bakery is just absolute heaven. Heaven in your mouth. MouthHeaven, if you will. (I will.)My hubby and I have been obsessed with this place for the past 4 years. A highlight of our love affair with Retro was the spectacular job they did on a custom mini cupcake order for our wedding. Supremely professional service and exceptionally delicious mini cakes:) Now whenever family or friends who were at the wedding come to visit, without fail they ask to visit Retro.The "Retro" cupcake and the MegaChip cookie are my personal faves but the Maple Bacon, Coffee & Donuts and the seasonal Pumpkin Spice cupcakes are right up there, too. Oh and those oatmeal scotchie cookies! Oh oh oh. Oh!Even more kudos to Retro for not expanding to different locations and losing control over their product as other bakeries around town have done in the past few years. The owners are in the store everyday, maintaining quality, keeping customer service tip-top and making sure this is a wonderful place, where MouthHeaven reigns supreme. Good on you Retro!!!
5	Found the go-to bakery!!!!  Just moved to N. Las Vegas and am SO HAPPY we are close to Retro Bakery!  My husband grew up in a bakery and agrees this is the best we've found so far for cupcakes/cookies!  He loves butter cream.... I was never a big fan until now! Best cupcakes I've ever had and can't wait to try them all!  The sugar cookies were to die for as well....perfect balance between soft, chewy and flavorful!
5	This bakery rocks! Every step of the way from ordering to the complex delivery in a time sensitive matter. Everyone I spoke to from ordering to confirmation to delivery were very friendly and as a team I was totally impressed.The assorted mini cupcakes I ordered were superb! I highly recommend this bakery especially if you are ordering from out of town.
3	You definitley have to love thick, buttercream icing to love this place. Fortunately I do...they are great. I would give it an extra star but I docked one for consistancy. Sometimes the cake is moist, sometimes its dry. But the icing, no matter what cupcake you get, is always on point. Their flavors are very creative and taste exactly like what they are. Coffe and donuts...great. Butterscotch...awsome. Milk and cookies...yum. I recently tried the Cupcakery and felt Retro was way better.
5	Been here 3 times now and love this place! So far every time I have come the cupcakes have been moist and delicious.  My personal opinion I don't get the hype over the Hop Scotch cupcake that is their bestseller and I wasn't a fan of their Red Carpet, but everything else I have tried has been great! Little disappointed they don't have a customer stamp card for return customers but they do have email sign up to receive deals and specials that way.
5	I chose Retro Bakery for my wedding, because of their fun cake flavors.  Just reading what they had made me want them when I was looking online.  Their prices seemed reasonable.  My wedding cake was un-traditional.  We were having dessert with our dinner, and giving cupcakes as favors.  But we also wanted a cake to cut.  I gave my mom all the information and she took care of the rest.  Since we all live in different states everything was handled through email and over the phone.  My mom said she was extremely pleased with the job Retro Bakery did on the cupcakes, and even more on our wedding cake!  My guests all have talked about how good the cupcakes were at our wedding, and how beautiful the wedding cake looked!  We didn't end up cutting it until we got home (we cut an extra cupcake instead).  The cake was so good!  It was perfectly balanced, not too sweet, the cake was moist, and delicious!  As was the cupcake we ate at the wedding.  The small cake we had was beautifully decorated with sugar flowers, the colors matched my decor perfectly.  Their customer service was awesome!  They worked with my mom and did exactly what she asked for.  She says that she was very happy with how they handled our order especially considering that we are not local and did not set foot into the store until she picked up the cakes.  Any time I go to Vegas I will have to stop for a cupcake! I wish they would open a store here in Los Angeles!
5	My daughter turned me on to this place.  Yesterday was her birthday so I bought her a dozen cupcakes! The store front is nice and clean, the employees were very courteous and helpful.  I picked out 12 cupcakes, they stored them in the cooler until I was able to swing back and pick them up.  Today, I got the pleasure of trying one of their scrumptious cupcakes.  I was pleasantly surprised at how moist and flavorful it was!!  I highly recommend this place!
5	Amazing cupcakes, wonderful customer service, timely delivery...what else could you ask for? I got a dozen cupcakes delivered for my husband's birthday and return from deployment. He was thrilled with the surprise when we checked into our hotel, but he was even more pleased with the cupcake flavors and tastiness! I ordered 6 different flavors and there wasn't a loser in the bunch. I would order from them again when we're in Vegas and I'd highly recommend them. Beware...the cupcakes are so yummy you may give yourself a stomach ache from eating too many!
5	Always so yummy and good.. Never had a bad experience with food or the people. Such a cute place! Can't stay away.. Good hidden gem!!
5	Very good assortment of cupcakes, with some unusual ones.  I've tried three flavors and they are yummy.  Good chocolate chip cookies too.
5	This place is superb. The cupcakes are delicious and the service is stellar. I needed a last minute birthday cake and they accommodated me quickly. The triple chocolate cake was to die for! The cupcakes are beautiful and you can tell the owners love what they do. They are passionate about making it a good experience. My favorite is the red velvet, but the drumstick is fantastic too!
5	Retro bakery is so good! If you're looking for some sugary goodness this is the place. The prices are more reasonable than other cupcake places. Each cupcake is $2.65 and a dozen is $29.For only $1.50 I had to try the peanut butter chocolate chunk cookie. The cookie was one of the best I have ever had. Everything at retro bakery tastes amazing. They also had a seasonal ice box pumpkin pie for $4 that i had to get. Such a good price for homemade goodness. Go to this bakery now!!=) the staff was really friendly too
2	I seriously must be missing something. I have a huge sweet tooth, so every time my office would buy these, of course I would try one, but they never got better. The icing is so dense & so sweet and the cake has never been fresh, always tastes days old! Unfortunately it wasn't just once, but every time I tried them! I give them 2 stars only because they are very pretty to look at and look delicious, but in my opinion they are nasty! Maybe because I love home-made cupcakes, these are nothing like home-made!!!
5	Hands down best cupcakes and cake in Vegas! We got a variety of cupcakes for a birthday party as well as a small cake, everything was as wonderful tasting as it was looking!
5	This place rules. Consistent retro/hip theme in their execution. Lots of sweetness on top balanced by the cake on bottom.
3	The location is a little hard to find, but inside is bright and cheery. All of the cupcakes are in a nice case, front and center clearly marked. The counter girl was nice as I assume the owner was as well since she cashed me out.  I asked the counter girl what her favorite was, she told me the hopscotch. It wasn't my personal taste so I asked her what customers favorite was, again it was the hopscotch. She suggested I try the monthly flavor which was banana topped with buttercream and crushed Lay's chips. Sounds good to me, so I bought that one and a cherry cheesecake cupcake. My two cupcakes came to $5.30, whoa cheap! Awesome! So I got to my car being the fatty that I am wanted to eat one right away. They were both in an individual bag and I picked the cherry cheesecake cupcake. The cake was super moist and cherry flavored, complete with actual cherries. The cake itself was good. Now, I love frosting! But this frosting missed the mark entirely.  It was way too sweet, it didn't have any discernible cheesecake flavor to it and it was dry! It had a very unpleasant, hey, I have been sitting in this display case for hours crust on it.  I didn't even want to finish the cupcake. The frosting just killed it. I figured I'd have better luck with the banana cupcake. It tasted like banana but bread without nuts. It was moist and had good flavor, but again the frosting was way too sweet! And there is so much of it, cleverly disguising a less than average sized cupcake. I am going to say that there is as much frosting as there is cupcake. The cupcakes are smaller and you do pay a smaller price in comparison to other places, but I hated the frosting! And I didn't taste any of the saltiness of the potato chips on the banana cupcake. I don't think I will go back. Not worth the calories.If you need me I will be at the dentist getting the cavity filled that this overly sweet, sugary frosting gave me...
5	This bakery is truly as good as it gets.They generously donated to a charity event that I worked on...and the oohs and ahhs went on all night long.People raved about these cupcakes all night long ...and why wouldn't they? The frosting was fabulous, lots of variety and the cake tasted super fresh. Peanut butter, hopscotch, chocolate...you name it and it is divine!Super owners and a great staff make this one of the top bakeries in town!
5	Delicious, moist, decadent, great gifts, awesome way to treat yourself, fresh ingredients, smiles, great value for cost, highly recommended, seasonal flavors, old fashion loved flavors, upbeat and cheerful staff, smells so good inside their lovely showroom, teeny parking lot but well worth the effort, anticipating our next visit.  :)
5	Ok love love love there cupcakes. I purchased about 6 and enjoyed all of them. If your in the Vegas area and love cupcakes you have to try. It's a bit out of the way but worth it. Friendly service and plenty of yummy flavors to choose from. Five stars. All the way!
4	Cupcakes are moist & dense which is how I like them. Buttercream is heavy & definitely for those who have a major sweet tooth. It's good, but I still have to scrape some off and eat the cupcakes little by little. My favorite flavors are think pink & the happy birthday one, which is basic vanilla on vanilla. Overall good cupcakes & cookies!
5	We get 4 pistachio cupcakes two for me two for my oldest son. Love them. Most of the ladies know us by now and the one goes in the back to get my small son a  piece of pumpkin candy cause that all he wants. They were sold out one day and the owner made me some fresh. Love the place.
2	great cake. absolutely disgusting frosting. way too thick and tastes like store bought.
5	So I just went back to Retro Bakery today, and I have to update my review. These are the best cupcakes in Las Vegas! And good thing they're close to me too! PROS: Cupcakes are large and cheap. Less than 3 dollars a pop. They were also really moist and had a great cake consistency. There was a lot of frosting, but I think they revamped it from the last time I ordered from here, and the frosting is less sweet. They were decorated simply and beautifully.. The inside was neat and tidy, and they have a nice, organized display!They also have an email system to find out their flavors of the week/month, and their brand new flavors. Sometimes they have specials! CONS: It was hard to find the place!Let me just restate this sentence again: Best cupcakes in Vegas, hands down!
5	My wife and I used Retro Bakery for our wedding cake for our November wedding in Las Vegas.The entire process was very easy, especially for a guy like myself who really doesn't know much about baked goods.  The woman I spoke with at the bakery over the phone was very pleasant and helpful.  Brian was AWESOME and great about responding to our questions in a reasonable amount of time.  For an extra $25-30 they delivered the cake to the restaurant where we were having our reception which was money well spent considering it costs a lot of money to get anywhere in Las Vegas without a car.  And who wants to deal with picking up a wedding cake on their own wedding day?  Not me.The cake itself was incredible.  My wife and I actually had it for breakfast the following day, ha!  Super moist and just the right amount of sweetness.  Aesthetically it looked great, just as we had hoped.  We took a gamble (pardon the pun) on this place considering we were doing our research online before the wedding and were unable to actually try anything from the bakery but would absolutely recommend to anyone planning a wedding in Las Vegas.
5	I drive from lake Las Vegas everytime I want to have the best cupcakes or birthday cake. It's delicious and not too expensive. I give 5 star for the cakes but I only give 1 star for service. It's horrible. The sales girl in the front have attitude and had really ignorant personality. She scheduled my cake to be picked up at 12. I got there 11:55 and she pulled her lips saying come back at 12. Really? I guess a 1000 other people would do anything to get her job. Some people just ridiculous.
5	Cupcake heaven is located off of Durango and the 215.  I haven't been to Retro in, oh, two years--what a dunce I am.  Other cupcake establishments do not compare to the delicacies being served up here, IMHO.  One of my Yelp idols, Amanda M., reminded me that this place is the best and she was right, as usual.  I stopped by on New Year's Eve to pick up dessert for my son, boyfriend, and I to enjoy whilst ringing in 2014.  Service here is quick and friendly; the hardest part is making a decision on which cupcakes to get. To ring in 2014, I chose six flavors (descriptions are Retro Bakery's since they know best):Apple Cider:  cinnamon swirl topped with apple cider buttercreamRed Carpet:  red cake topped with almond buttercream and red glitter sugarPeanut Butter Cup:  chocolate cake topped with peanut butter buttercream and dark chocolate shavingsSprinkled Donut:  vanilla cake dipped in fudge and sprinklesGlazed Donut:  vanilla cake drenched in donut glazeThe Retro: chocolate cake stuffed with vanilla fluff and dipped in chocolate fudge (basically the Hostess cupcake, but better)As if buying 7 cupcakes for three people weren't enough (I got two of the Red Carpet), I also purchased two of the Red Velvet Chip cookies, a fresh batch of which was just placed in the case, so they were still warm even after the drive home.  I know this because I ate one of the cookies.  And then I ate the other one.  What?  Yes, they were that good.The cupcakes from Retro are moist and flavorful.  It's all about the buttercream frosting there, too, just as their motto declares. The b/f loves peanut butter so the Peanut Butter Cup was for him. I guess he liked it because I didn't even get to try it!  The teen gobbled up his fave, the Red Carpet(red velvet)--that's why I got two, since I knew he wouldn't share his, either.  I really enjoyed the Glazed Donut and Sprinkled Donut flavors followed by the Red Carpet.  If you're vegan, you can get three flavors with 24 hour notice:  Chocolate Loves Vanilla Bean, Cookies and No Cream, and Crunchy Peanut Butter Cup. There are other flavors available that I'll need to go back and try soon, including the seasonal Salted Caramel and Toasted Coconut.  Believe me, it's not going to take me two years for that next visit, either.
5	Lucky me, Retro Bakery is about 3 minutes away from my house. The people are SO nice, and their cupcakes are amazing!  The strawberry is my favorite, but they have tons of amazing flavors.  I'm gluten free now which makes me sad, but Retro Bakery also offers gluten free peanut butter cookies, so I can still visit them!
5	Love this place!!
5	I was first introduced to Retro Bakery from the gf when she decided to surprise me with some melt in your mouth cupcakes on New Years Eve.  It's obvious to Yelpers that know her that she has a sweet tooth.  But you know what?...I just discovered that I have one too.  Prior to actually visiting Retro, I've sampled the Red Carpet (Red Velvet), Glazed Donut, and Peanut Butter Cup Cupcakes.  Needless to say, I couldn't wait to get more.  My Review: -Glazed Donut:  Tasted exactly like it's named.  If you love donuts (glazed ones) and love cupcakes (good ones), then their Glazed Donut needs to be on your list. -Red Carpet:  I only got a little taste and I know it's red velvet, but it's the buttercream that I will never forget.  The buttercream has the perfect texture & sweetness for anything red velvet. -Peanut Butter Cup:  Oh Boy...my favorite.  And Yes, I do love me some peanut butter.  That being said...if this wasn't good, I'd say it.  At Retro, they managed to combine a creamy peanut butter to a fluffy chocolate cupcake.  So Good!!  Just curious...how much better would this cupcake be if it was on a vanilla cake?  So far so good...this is just a wishlist.-Salted Caramel:  Just had a small sample recently and gots to say...this can rival the Peanut Butter Cup.  -Peanut Butter Chocolate Chunk:  This is cookie, not a cupcake.  I couldn't resist on my visit here.  I haven't found the perfect Peanut Butter Cookie, but Retro's is pretty damn close.  Looking for some moist, fresh, and cupcakes with style, then give Retro Bakery a shot.  Maybe it's a good thing that I'm not on this side of town too often.  My belly would go broke.  But when I'm craving some peanut butter cupcakes and cookies, I sure know where to go.
5	Items Selected:Hop Scotch - Vanilla cake topped with vanilla buttercream dipped in butterscotch ganacheRed Carpet - Red cake topped with almond buttercream and red glitter sugarApple Cider - Cinnamon swirl cake topped with apple cider buttercream dusted with cinnamon and sugarGlazed Donut - Vanilla cake drenched in donut glazeCoffee and Donuts - Vanilla cake covered in donut glaze and topped with a dollop of coffee buttercreamBrownie Sundae - Chocolate chip brownie topped with vanilla buttercream and chocolate fudgeWhen a co-worker suggested she was looking for 'fancy' cupcakes for her daughter's birthday that evening and a large gap opened in my midday schedule a plan was hatched to finally visit Centennial staple "Retro Bakery" - a dozen cupcakes for the party that evening and six to be saved for my Saturday dining, each of the $2.65 selections proving unique and impressive...and all at a price nearly half that of other local and national cupcakeries.  Locally owned & operated by Kari and Brian Haskell for the past six years and turning out no less than a dozen varieties of cupcakes daily with fresh-bakes ongoing as dictated by need it was to smiling service and a mostly full selection that we arrived and choosing a wide variety each frosted gem was carefully packed into individually slotted boxes; the total tab under $50 even after putting a few bucks in the tip jar.  Having heard that the birthday cakes were a resounding success and ensuring freshness by securing my picks airtight in the refrigerator overnight it was with half-cakes after a long morning run that my Saturday began and working from lightest to most dense each option shined, both donut varieties harkening the flavor of a good cake-style ring with light glaze while the signature Hop Scotch presented the same supple vanilla base beneath rich butterscotch brimming with caramelized notes of brown sugar.  Moving next to bases with more heft, the Apple Cider was selected largely because the young lady at the counter described it as a "sort of coffee cake" and true to form, the dense crumb was rich with apples and cinnamon akin to the flavor of an apple fritter and duly appointed with sharply spiced butter cream, a truly unique option that would have been my favorite of the six had the last two not been equally excellent - a rich take on the red velvet replacing traditional cream cheese frosting with rich frangipane tinged buttercream and the "Friday Only" Brownie Sundae, more cupcake than brownie and rousing fond memories of my childhood when a warm pan of brownies frequently served as a indispensable wintertime dessert.  Dollar for dollar this could quite possibly be the best cupcake shop I've found to date.
5	The staff is always so cheerful, but I kind of expected it from a cupcake shop! Everything is so good, you'll have a hard time choosing. I usually pick the a maple bacon. The frosting is to die for!
5	My family went here last night, we ordered: butterscotch, chocolate covered strawberry, and drumstick. They were amazing! The chocolate covered strawberry buttercream literally tasted like fresh strawberries! We loved it and will be back for sure!! Also, very friendly service!
5	Awesome cupcakes. Thy are bright, colorful, playful and well worth the trip over there. We tried cookies and cream, butterscotch, coffee and donut, ding-dong, and maple bacon. Omg they were all wonderful. Cute little place that also does to go orders for larger parties.
5	I found Retro Bakery off of yelp and went out on a limb to have them make my 21st birthday cake for my celebration in Vegas (I'm from California). I'm extremely picky and was unable to do a tasting so I was so nervous. To my extreme satisfaction the cake came out better than expected! They designed it exactly how I asked and the design did not take away from the taste! It was one of the best cakes I've ever had! I will absolutely order from Retro Bakery again, probably every time I visit vegas!
5	Bombin cupcakes! Super nice employees. I crave the cupcake with the cookie on top every dang day.
5	I love Retro Bakery!  My favorite is the Donut Cupcake, but I really love trying everything!  They even do special order items including MINI cupcakes...delicious!The owners are really rad people which seems to drive their creativity and continued success.  I'll be back in for another tasty treat soon!
5	Red Velvet cake was amazing.  My guests couldn't stop eating it.  I got a 6/8/10 inch 3 layered cake for 70 people and there was sooooooooo much left over.  The fondant frosting wasn't too thick, and it was just delicious.People are still commenting on how awesome the cake was.....
5	Sponsors the "Sin City Roller Girls" roller derby appearing at the Riviera. I like the idea that an independent bakery sponsors independent sports in Las Vegas. This is so much more than $1=$1 this is more like $1=infinite. More than any other sport in Las Vegas, Roller Derby is so much different, so evolved, so important to the Las Vegas community, until you actually watch one bout you would never appreciate it. Thank you Retro Bakery for your sponsorship!
4	Came here to get some treats for my birthday. Having never been here before, I asked the friendly gal what she could recommend and what was popular. She immediately said that if I wanted white cake, to try the butterscotch one (the official name has slipped me) but that if I wanted chocolate, they have a cupcake with both milk and dark chocolate. Not leaning toward one or the other, we decided to get both. They had a wide selection of other cupcakes too, but if you are new to a place, best to ask what is good to get. We didn't eat our cupcakes right away, which is why I gave this place 4 stars. We saved them, in the bag, for about 8 hours till after dinner that day. The cake was moist, though you could tell that the elements had begun to get to it-not too much but I could notice. The chocolate cupcake was my favorite!? It wasn't too chocolatey at all, and I was surprised that the dark and milk chocolates didn't overpower one another. The butterscotch one was delish too. Butterscotch isn't my favorite flavor, but it surprised me. Not too sweet, and I liked the choice of the white cake to accompany it. I found it to be sweet too.I'd definitely come back and try their other flavors. Oh, and bonus--if you need candles, they have them reasonably priced here. Got 2 candles and 2 cupcakes for $5. Not a bad deal if you ask me!
2	I had previously purchased my little brother's graduation cake here so I went back this week to order cupcakes for my wedding. What a complete headache. You get two cupcakes to taste for free, which is fine. My fiance and I decided to pick the two flavors WE would like to eat on our wedding day. I asked the girl helping me, Chelsea, if I could place the order. I said I wanted an assortment of cupcakes and cookies. She quoted me a price and told my mom 50% of the price would have to be paid that day and then started filling out what I thought was the order sheet. Then she said, "So you only want these two flavors?" and I said "No, I want an assortment." Again, she didn't listen. She told me I had to e-mail the manager and tell him how many people we needed to feed, the date, and attach a photo of what I wanted the cupcakes to look like. I had already told her the amount we wanted and the date and that I didn't want them customized. I repeated, for the third time, that I simply wanted an assortment of cupcakes and cookies for the dessert table and asked if we could just place the order and pay our deposit and she responded by giving me the managers e-mail address and saying I had to speak to him. I don't think she listened to a single word I said and the situation was completely confusing and frankly, it made me quite angry as it was a total waste of my time. If somebody is about to spend nearly $400 at your bakery, shouldn't you try to make them happy? Evidently not. I left and somebody from the bakery called me that afternoon to ask about my "custom wedding cake". At this point I was so annoyed that the girl clearly hadn't listened to what I wanted that I didn't even bother placing an order. We will be going elsewhere for our wedding cupcakes.
5	We selected Retro a Bakery for our daughters's destination wedding the wedding cake looked exactly the the photo we sent and tasted amazing. The best frosting I have ever had!   Great customer service, priced well.
5	Love love love every yummy treat I've had from here.  Owner and staff are friendly and helpful.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone with a sweet tooth.
2	Now, I usually only write good reviews. BUT, hey I must tell the truth. This place is 1. Overpriced for the size of the cupcake. 2. How do you bake without using real butter and vanilla. 3. Buttercream includes BUTTER. 4. The Doughnut Cupcake would have been good, IF it included real butter and vanilla. 5. Oh, the cupcakes are pretty, but pretty means absolutely nothing to me if the flavor is lacking. 6. I'll just go to Krispy Kreme and get glazed doughnuts, because the rest of their products suck as well (kripsy kreme) that is. 7. I might return to retro to see if the cookies are made with real butter and vanilla. LOL
5	Simple, flavorful and pleasant!On a last minute sprint to find a nice cake for a birthday, I found Retro Bakery on Google and tried my luck. Not only did they carry cakes and cupcakes, but they had a pre-made cake in pink and white (perfect for the occasion) and threw on some fancy writing at my request. I purchased a dozen of their cupcakes in all flavors and paid a very reasonable price. The cupcakes were cute and a hit and the cake was perfect that she didn't want to cut into it.I went back a few days later before closing and got a deal on a dozen cupcakes. My favorite flavor would have to be their coffee and donut flavor (glazed covered cupcake with a coffee buttercream swirl on top).Overall, the five stars I give this bakery is for style, class, flavor and convenience. Retro bakery has it all!
5	Okay so before I started going here, I didn't really like cupcakes (gasp!) but oh my god this place has changed my life!  I have tried almost every cupcake here and they are amazing.  I don't know how they do it!  Try any of them, seriously!  My favorites are the cookies and cream and the pink lemonade.  I have also had both of these made in cakes.  Their cakes are awesome too and they are can make anything!!!  I no longer live in Vegas but this is the first stop when I get into town!  I wish they shipped to Maryland!!
5	As my boyfriend's sons birthday approached, I was tasked with getting the cake. Because I'm lactose intolerant and know what I can have. Other major grocery stores have previously (as early as February) have carried dairy free frosting and cake. However, this time around I called every grocery store in town and all of them stopped carrying their dairy free versions. I wasn't asking for vegan just no milk or butter, which hasn't been an issue in the past.. Well, no one's fault but my own that I waited for the day of to find all of this out. I called Retro bakery and unfortunately, no cakes were premade as I was hoping and praying with all my might! it does take time and I understand. However, I emailed their office on the  off chance they could help and  was able to get correspondence back that they could wing it for me with cupcakes; they saved the day! My boyfriend thought they were too much for one dozen, but I need my fix and I don't have any other options. It's tough being lactose intolerant (I'm also pregnant - don't keep a pregnant lady from food). He has since changed his tune, because we bought two different cupcakes one from Albertson's for everyone and one from Retro for me. Well, not one cupcake was eaten from Albertson's and all my cupcakes are gone. No one knew they were Vegan, and everyone was oohing and awing over how delicious and wonderful the cupcakes are. I had to give the address and phone number out 3 times. After I told them they were vegan, dairy free, etc people almost hit the floor in shock. Retro Bakery really went out of their way to make sure our special day - stayed special. I HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend them, and believe me when you have allergies or dietary issues, no price is too much to pay and really its not very much. We will be back - because they are that good and tasty and friendly and get things done!
5	The Best Cakes Cupcakes and Cookies i have ever had in my entire life ,better than grandma's (sorry Grams) ,if you have not tasted something here ,you are missing out .The Best !!!
5	A fluffy chicks dream!  A review for Retro?  Hmmmm how to review Retro?  Imagine a sparkly clean space filled with yummy scents filling the air.  Smiling faces greeting you as you walk in and chat with you about your day without being intrusive.  Colorful and artfully cupcakes and cookies tempt the eye as well as the tummy.  Cherubs float by on puffy clouds playing harps while winged....okay maybe that is a bit much.  :D  I am a fluffy chick from the South.  I know my cupcakes and these my freinds are cupcakes worth driving any amount of time for.  In fact when I drive to Utah to visit family and freinds I have to bring some with me.  The cupcakes are moist, dense and filled with yummy flavors to fit any mood.  The place is clean and bright and the staff is fun, knowledgeable and warm.  Something not always found here in Vegas.  The cookies are huge and just a delish as the cupcakes and the pies oh the pies!!!  They also do cakes for any occasion.  If you have a favorite flavor call ahead and they are glad to make sure some are there if they can.  Now run!!!  Run to Retro!!
4	Thanks guys! U did a great job on the baby shower cake, it came out so pretty. The cake itself was very tasty, everyone loved it. Strawberry banana was definitely the best!
5	I chose Retrobakery to do my wedding cake 4/4/14. They were AMAZING!! Everyone loved our cake and they were so easy to work with! Flavors they have are soooo yummy!
4	I love this place. The cupcakes are the best I ever had from a bakery. I like the cotton candy, and  the retro cupcakes. Homemade butter cream and everything is always fresh! It's a must for anyone in the area
4	Cute little bakery, with a ton of different flavor cupcakes. But my favorite is the butterscotch oatmeal cookies...they're the size of a plate. And best of all if you go about a half and hour before closing time, you can get them for half off.
5	This bakery has super cute cupcakes that actually taste good as well!!The glazed donut cupcake is definitely my favorite.The cupcake selection has become popular with my family and friends! I always go to this bakery for birthdays!Highly recommend this place.
5	Awesome!!Retro Bakery just shot up my list of top cupcakes in Las Vegas. If you don't believe me, try some yourself!Always on the hunt for anything bakery, I came across Retro Bakery on Yelp. I did see a few people had written some Stella reviews on this business, so after doing some recon from the NorthWest Yelp Crew Ty W and Mary S, I made my way to Retro with little care for my cavities.Located on North Durango drive, in North West Las Vegas. Retro Bakery has established itself in a small strip mall. When locating it using your conventional smart phone it will be a little odd in how it displays the route, so keep your eyes peeled.Once Inside I was greeted by very helpful young lady, being my first time she went through everything that was on display and pricing. Very helpful. I ended up with a half dozen.2x Red velvet1x Cotton candy1x Drumstick1x Cupcake of the month (pretty much chocolate overload)1x cookie cupcakeAfter a sample of each and I was not disappointed!!! Each had that smooth fluffy texture with an explosion of flavor.Although I didn't look into it much more, it  seemed like they had custom cakes for purchase as well. Something I might have to look into in the future.If your living over this side of town and are needing birthday or just any old reason to get something sweet, Retro Bakery seems to be the place to come. OverallService: 4-5Food: 5-5Cleanliness: 5-5Coming back: Yes
5	I needed a coconut cake for a birthday party in Las Vegas but I was in Hawaii.  Brian & his staff helped me through the ordering brilliantly.  The cake was ready for pickup on time and wonderfully decorated (I just told them to make it "girly & cute!").  The flavor was fab and made the party spectacular.  Thanks Brian!
2	I stopped in here on July 4th because I wanted a few sweets for the evening. I went with the banana cupcake with strawberry buttercream frosting because the girl up front said it was her very favorite. Then I asked what she recommended between the glazed donut cupcake and the birthday cupcake and she said glazed. I also ordered the chocolate chip cookie because when a bakery offers one I have to try it. The overall consensus on all the cupcakes was that they were sickeningly sweet. The glazed donut cake part was very bland and the glaze on top tasted like nothing. The strawberry buttercream frosting was just overly sweet. It has potential because they do use fresh strawberries but it does not need all the excess sugar. The chocolate chip cookie wasn't bad it was just super average.All these high reviewers must like the overly sweet baked goods that Retro Bakery serves.
5	I ordered a dozen cupcakes to have at my sisters bachelorette party. I found retro bakery from online reviews so I wanted to leave my own review to help other people out. Well, they delivered to my hotel on the strip and the driver texted me when he was on his way and he was so wonderful. I met him right in the lobby and it was so easy! And the cupcakes were the best I've ever had! I've eaten a good amount of cupcakes, specifically, ones that are "so delicious" they got their own tv show...ahem, Georgetown cupcake....these cupcakes from Retro were so much better! And, unfortunately, our plans changed and we weren't able to eat them the day of, but they were still delicious the next day! They must be even better the day of. I got 4 different flavors and the funfetti and the chocolate peanut butter were the two favorites. Wish they had another location in my city!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. The cakes and cupcakes are very flavorful and well executed and also very stylish. The best thing I have to say is they have impeccable customer service. We have ordered cakes from Retro Bakery several times and they have always been on time and just as we ordered. Except today... And I still have no complaints! They not only managed to get us our cake on time but! they even threw in complimentary cupcakes and a few upgrades to the cake. This is a true American business run the right way with customer satisfaction in mind and pride in their product. If you need a cake THIS is the place to get it, hands down.
5	Great selection; any palate will be able to find an exact match for that sweet tooth. Great service; doesn't matter who helps or what time of day it is, you are always treated well, welcome and with a smile. Amazingly fresh; never once has anything ever tasted day old! Love this place!
5	Retro Bakery is one of those fantastic little places that make any day seem like a perfect one. The owners Kari and Brian ways have something new. Along with the outstanding array of cupcake flavors, they also offer the best cookies in Las Vegas and some flat out killer cakes (in cupcake flavors) plus individual pies. They've done our wedding cake as well as cakes for several other events in our family. 10/10, will keep coming back again and again!
2	Just Ok.Its a cute little place. Looks retro but that's pretty much it. These cupcakes are sooooo sweet. Good cupcakes don't mean more sugar. The frosting amount is overkill. You can't taste the actual cupcake with out getting a huge dollop of frosting.  I took frosting off to really taste the actual cupcake and I felt silly I paid so much for four! They are way too expensive. This is the second time I come here, I really wanted to like this place and had to prove myself it wasn't a bad batch I had last time.
5	Not only was my cousin's baby shower cake absolutely adorable, it has to be the best cakes I've tasted in a really long time. It was a special order owl cake design with white cake and chocolate filling. The party was a huge hit and people were so impressed by the cake. I heard several people mention that it was the best they've had in Vegas. Great job! I highly recommend! The best part? The team working in the store. Everyone smiling, super friendly and very helpful. It's hard to find places that still believe in treating their customers right. Thanks again!
4	Heaven for those who love SUGAR!Retro Bakery is the home of the the best cookie ever! They've named this cookie the MEGA CHIP.This cookie was crispy on the outside but gooey and soft on the inside! There were chunks/chips of white chocolate, milk chocolate,peanut butter ,and whatever else that made the cookie just the most delightful cookie I've had in a while. I haven't had the chance to try very many things at Retro but I love everything that I have tried. I will be back.
4	Small little place so don't plan to sit there and eat what you buy.  It seems to be "take-out-only".The price was a little higher than I would have hoped, but both the cookies and cupcakes were great!
5	Fantastic flavors! Pink lemonade was amazing.  This is a small shop who knows what they're doing big-time. Great selection but not overwhelming, and the prices are much more reasonable that other shops I've gone to. Erica helped me and was sweet, friendly, and knowledgeable. She knew so much about the cupcakes which made it easy for me to narrow down my selection. Ready to finish off my Cotton Candy cupcake,  and I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas for more! :)
3	I can't get enough sugar, I could literally eat cupcake frosting with no cake usually, but these are just too sweet! Cannot even taste the cupcake for the sugar overload. I have tried these multiple times thinking I must have missed something, but each time, I just don't get why everyone raves about these cupcakes. I gave 3 stars just because they are not bad, just not for me.
5	This place is great, today was my first time here I bought a ton of stuff for my clients. The cupcakes were amazing specially the glazed one. Much more affordable than other cupcake places and yummy
5	Seriously some of the best cupcakes around! The cake is moist and the frosting is AMAZING! My favorites are the maple bacon and pink lemonade. Not only do they taste great, they are decorated beautifully.
2	I don't really understand all the hype about this bakery. First time we got cupcakes here was on our way to Mt. Charleston last winter, and the cupcakes were just very blah to me. Since we live on the other side of town from retro bakery, there really was no reason to drive up all the way just to try another batch of cupcakes since the first time was just mediocre. We found ourselves on this part of town yesterday since we needed to go to centennial toyota, and I decided to give retro bakery another shot. We bought the retro cupcake, coffee and donut, and the pumpkin spice, and boy, were we just disappointed as last time. As many others have stated, the frosting was too sweet, all you can really taste is the sugar and a hint of coffee flavoring at the end, same goes with the pumpkin cupcake. The cake part was just too bland. It almost tastes like those boxed cake mixes you can buy at the groceries. Not impressed at all. Only saving grace was the service as both girls in the counter were very helpful and friendly. Go ahead and stop by if you're in the area, but not worth traveling to in my opinion.
5	Love their cookies, super yummy. But i cannot say enough about their Chocolate Cream Pie! AMAZING!!!! Wonderful staff as well
5	I was looking to grab a chai latte and didn't want to pay the Starbucks prices, so I stumbled in here only to find they didn't sell coffee, total bummer, BUT then I spotted the sugar cookies with just the right amount of frosting and topping.....I knew I couldn't bring myself to leave without trying one so I bought the sugar cookie with cinnamon and sugar topping.  It was literally better than I expect.  Which RARELY happens.  I'm the pickiest cookie eater ever.  The young girl behind the counter was kind of an air head, she wasn't giving me the greatest info to make a choice between two cookies, maybe saying something like, "if you like snickerdoodles, this would be a good choice for you", but nothing like that.  The older lady was really sweet though and the cookie was delish and that's what counts most so, 5 stars it is!  Plus, you can't beat their prices, for a big thick cookie with icing and topping it's only $1.50 (tax built into price).
4	It's Vegas, so why not have a shot glass full of frosting for $1?Love the decor here at Retro Bakery! The employees even dress in a retro rockabilly style. Love the cute yellow retro fridge located behind the cash register which I'm told contains employee lunches. I romanticized that the fridge contained something cooler in there, like an old fashioned jello mold waiting to set.  I'm going to imagine that the employee lunches consists of retro items, like deviled eggs.The #1 selling cupcake at Retro Bakery is the Hopscotch. The vanilla buttercream frosting is dipped in butterscotch and all that yumminess sits atop a simple vanilla cupcake. The texture of the hopscotch reminds me of a Dairy Queen dipped cone. It has that chewy toothsome bite reminiscent of a freshly dipped cone. The plain vanilla cupcake is subtly moist. The vanilla buttercream frosting on it's own, has a bit of a grainy sugar crystal texture, but strangely, it's still not too sweet.
