4	As a virgin to the tavern scene here in AZ, i'd have to go with this one being top notch for knocking the crap out of that virginity. Shister buckets of peanuts ** FREE ** for everyone to enjoy while dousing yourself with ounces of beer & liquor. $3.00 Stoli's on Mondays, Mystery Drink $2.00 & something else was $2.00 but after 3 dirty dirty martinis' i couldn't really recall much but that i made a MESS even a high school janitor would be jealous of !! :=) This place ROCKS & I'll definetly be back...
2	this is located in what used to be a pretty happening strip mall because there was one of the only movie theaters around there.then a new googaplex opened and the whole area kind of dwindled. wings are good, i attest to that. but... random shooting where a person dies and four others have to go to the hospital? not really my idea of good time.
3	I used to go here to play No Limit Hold 'Em.  When that was eventually ousted from their roster, I never really found a reason to go back.  Its a prototypical generic bar filled with generic people eating generic protein legumes ... but the fact that you can throw those peanut shells on the floor without a care seems to make the Burbans feel super.  Decent bottled beer selection for average prices.  I'm going to fall asleep writing th i s    r   e    v      i   . . . . .
4	I rarely enjoy bar food, but Teakwoods is a exception. I'm very impressed by their menu, and they always have great specialties in addition to their regular menu.While there isn't much of a scene here late nights, it's a great spot for happy hour. The drinks are cheap, and the casual atmosphere makes it a great place to unwind. Who doesn't love tossing peanut shells on the floor?
3	Please note that this place should get 3 1/2 stars.The food is very good here.  I find it way better than typical bar fare.  Their menu is better than good fo sho.  Good place to watch a game and throw peanuts around.  It is priced very well too.  I would actually like this place alot more, but I always get a waitor instead of a waitress! I love waitresses and I love talking to them and having fun with them.  It completes my dining experience. (GO Ahead and make fun all you want)  Waitors are just not my thing.  If you are going to have a guy in a place like this put him behind the bar and let him make a stiff drink.  Leave the waitressing to the ladies.
4	I've been to Teakwoods a couple different times and have enjoyed myself each and every time. My last visit was one of the most memorable. We were there in large group and they ran out of the larger draft glasses on the last 2 of us (me and my boyfriend). So, they brought us each out a mini-pitcher full of beer and charged us for the glass. Amazing! The service is great- quick and friendly and with peanuts on the table, you can't go wrong. Inside, it's your standard local bar (with peanut shells all over the floor). And, on the outside, it's tucked inside a strip mall with ample parking.
4	Teaks prides itself on not being the "pub grub" kind of place. Well, that and serving a beer called Moose Drool, which I hear has real moose saliva!Anyway, you gotta love a place where there's peanuts in the shell on every table and you can order breakfast any time of day...or night.How many sports bars serve breakfast anyway?Despite the numerous plasma/LCD televisions, sometimes Teaks gives off more of a family restaurant vibe than that of a sports bar.There are a lot of little kids in there on days and nights and it seems to be a popular post-game venue for parents following Corona del Sol home games. Food is good, portions are large and the variety is awesome. That alone will bring in people of any age. One thing I cannot understand is why, with so many great televisions, the place would rather play the stereo than put the volume on when there are games on.During an NFL game recently it took them about a quarter to get the volume restored on the second half of the Giants/Eagles game (rather than switching to the local feed) and on one busy college football Saturday a spaghetti western popped on one screen.Still, I can live with Sergio Leone, football and eggs.
4	I have been to Teakwoods many times.  I always get the wings because they are delicious and meaty and I really wish I had some right now.  They have to be the best in Chandler.The atmosphere of the bar is a little different, as they seem to be going for a Texas Road House-style peanut eating place.  The peanuts are in huge buckets at the table, and you are encouraged to eat them and smash the shells on the floor.  I like peanuts and I love smashing things, and let's face it...being drunk is a blast, so when you combined all three and then add in some delicious chicken wings and hot servers, how can someone not recommend?
2	I've frequented Teakwoods for the past 10 years. And this place has changed for the worse. It used to be a trendy ski-lodge Wisconsin-Colorado bar with cute and friendly waitresses. The crowd used to be a young educated crowd who would come here for drinks before venturing out to Scottsdale or Tempe.  Now, it almost feels like a glorified Applebees.  The crowd has gotten older. You see a lot of good ole boys and meatheads eat here. The waitresses transformed from being fun and cute girls that you would see in a trendy Tempe bar to homely girls who don't smile and seem to hate their life.  Whatever was fun and charming about this place has been lost.  Don't worry, Teakwoods will always be busy because the Applebees crowd is going to continue to flock to this place because the food and prices are excellent. However, the service and vibe has taken a major hit. I would recommend Zipps or Payton's place before Teakwoods.In terms of watching sports, this isn't a great place. Not all of the TV's are flat screens and nearly all the TV's in that side room have old school TV's with bad reception.  They also don't have common sense in regards to programming. For example, they had the nerve to have soccer playing on several of the TV's during March Madness.
3	My wife and I rolled in here late yesterday afternoon to meet some of her friends. I dig joints like this as its relaxed and homey feeling. My eye immediately caught the huge vat barrel of salted peanuts at the front door - Score! Nothing like eating peanuts and chucking the shells on the floor or at other people. Started off with a nice refreshing pint of Guinness which hit the spot and was on special. My wife and I ordered a dozen regular chicken wings to start.And by the way, when did that automatically become the norm to serve ranch with wings. I live for a while near Buffalo in Rotten-chester...eerrrr...Rochester New York and wings are definitely supposed to be served with Blue Cheese as the dipping sauce...I digress.Anywho, after I ordered I said to myself "Dam, I forgot to tell her blue cheese" and not the nasty ranch everyone seems to serve. When the wings arrived they were attractively plump and not dripping in wing sauce, which I find disconcerting, and low and behold there are 2 LARGE ramekins of sauce - one blue cheese and one ranch. Steven Tyler Pj's, Steven Tyler PJ's...nice call Teakwoods. The wings were really good too...I nearly canceled my dinner order and replaced it with more wings (and I should have). Only issue with the wing app there was only 4 measly pieces of celery garnished on the plate.For dinner, I ordered the Caesar Salad with "Grilled & Chilled" shrimp. Sounded good...tasted awful...and for $13 bucks far from a good value. The salad itself wasn't bad but a Caesar should be mostly the hearts of Romaine and not inundated with the leafy crap.  I also overlooked the Caesar faux pas of the red onion rings...but the shrimp was unforgivable. My guess is the 13 dollar price point is based on the fact that it has shrimp in it and apparently the menu description of "Grilled & Chilled" shrimp actually in essence means cook a large batch of shrimp and throw them in the cooler until someone orders that salad we serve them in. That pasty mushy old shrimp taste is still in my mouth today...zoiks! Fresh grilled skewer of shrimp off the grill in the salad would have made a HUGE difference AND justified me throwin' down 16 bucks for it, which is how much you figure it costs with the tip. Maybe the owner should watch an episode of Chef Ramsey's "Kitchen Nightmares," in fact any episode, and see how he preaches about the evils of the friggin' lazy cook it all ahead of time method. My wife has been on Phase 1 of South Beach diet for 2 weeks and was totally cravin' a nice cheeseburger and fires. She was psyched to see sliders on the menu; however, they too were a HUGE disappointment, in fact she didn't even finish them. The bread was not moist and obviously stale, and the meat was dry and tasteless. They screwed up the fries...how do you screw up fries?  She said they were hot but dry and utterly tasteless...dude...some type of seasoning...any seasoning. Teakwoods did get 3 stars from which otherwise would have been 1 or 2 because the servers were cool and efficient, I liked the vibe, and free peanuts always pull me in like an electro-magnet. Two parting words of advice for this restaurant "Fresh Ingredients."
4	I went to Teakwoods this evening with my parents (who live down the street and LOVE this place). We had spent the day at the pool and didn't want to cook, and Teakwoods is the perfect place to pop in and not worry that you're wearing a bathing suit and no makeup. I really like the atmosphere of this place- it's very versatile. I came here while attending ASU and it was a great place for beer and wings on the cheap. But its also a great place for a casual dinner and they have pretty damn good food for a bar with peanuts on the ground. I had the Chicken Jack sandwich, which I always get, and it was good. The sweet potato fries I had with it very overwhelmingly spicy, which I didn't like, but I'm sure some people do. Both my parents had burgers and liked them as well. We also had bloody mary's, since they are on special on Sundays. They were fine, but nothing spectacular. I should have stuck to beer in a place like Teakwoods.
3	We had flat "affect" waiter.  Yes, our waiter had about as much personality as Data on Star Trek the Next Generation. On another occassion, our waitress left us on the island. You know what I mean, "here is your food, I will check on you in 45 minutes and see if you are still alive then"  Then one fine day, we had "Alcohol Only" waitress. Our waitress was friendly at first until she realized we were not going to order a bevy of drinks and rack up a thick bill and hang out for an hour. We were immediately disqualified from good service the rest of the evening. On another occassion, we had the "The Flash"  You know this waitress. If you don't know already know what you want to order and have questions, you are given a penalty. If you ask her for her opinion, she says in a very stoned face and quick manner "it's good" no descriptors, no recommendations but simply "It's good"  Then if you pause even for  a second, she says "I will be right back let me get this other table their drinks really quickly while I give you time to decide"  Then we had "Charity Case" waitress. This waitress is probably a hardworking college student or a mother of 5 at the age of 25 who hasn't slept in 3 days. Because of her situation, it is our job as patrons to be considerate and aware of her situation so if she messes up our order, forgets to refill our drinks, or gives us a dirty look if we ask for ketchup" we are supposed to forget all that.CONCLUSION: So you are probably wondering if the service is so bad, why do I keep coming here, the food is actually pretty good and it's darn right cheap! Seriously, you can have a full dinner for 20 bucks. It's bar food done well. But what I like is the food still tastes like bard food. It's not haughty gourmet bar food that you find at Jillys or Peyton's Place. I don't want a kaiser roll for my burger, I want a normal bun! I don't want sweet potato fries, I want regular fries! t's just sad because if the service improved, we would come here more often. The only warning with regard to the food is to stick to the classic bar food items. If you see "shrimp" , "scallop" or anything that sounds like it could be offerred at a real restaurant, don't order this item. It's rather funny because people who had bad experiences here ordered the "Jalapeno Shrimp Caesar salad Wrap"..oklay that item doesn't exist but you get the idea.. Think burger, nachos, fried cheese, chicken sanwhich! Outside of those items, the food is prepared in a replicator hence the reason it doesn't taste good. The servers come in that rare cross breed of ASU apathy with "West Side" sensibility. I would also recommend you adhere to it's strict dress code if you want good service. If you are male, wear a wife beater, shorts, flip flops, Oakley sunglasses, and preferably a goatee. If you are female, wear the same thing as the guys but no goatee, instead substitute that with a rose tattoo on the back of your neck
5	This place is amazing and I'm going back this coming weekend.They are known for their delicious wings and I have to admit, they are the best wings I've ever had!  The staff was extremely nice and the service was fast which was surprising considering how packed they were.  I only wish there was a location closer to my house!  People of Teakwoods, if you're reading this, please bring a location to East Mesa!!  ;)
4	Teakwoods is part of our regular rotation. Sometimes, you just want some bar food, and few places I've been to serve it up as well as they do here.Whether it's wings, a burger or my wife's favorite buffalo chicken sandwich, we've been consistently able to count on a quality meal from this place.Even though we generally get our orders to go, we have made the time on occasion to dine in and have always been happy with the atmosphere and service. This is your neighborhood bar, not some place that the socialites frequent as part of their weekend bar hopping routine and that is just fine with me. There are plenty of other places to go if you're more interested in the crowd than the bar. Teakwoods is the place to go when you want something cold on tap, peanuts on the floor, some good wings and an hour or two just hanging out with good friends.
5	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food10 *Drinks*9 Service10 Atmosphere10 ValueThis is the best bar atmosphere in The Valley and the best barfood I've ever had.  It's actually an insult to even call it barfood.  The service is great too - Kim's my favorite but this other guy that looks like Jesus is also really good.If you don't try the pretzels (share) and check out the daily-specials menu, you're missing out.  2 meals + 7 drinks = $41.  Nice.
3	Alright place to go for a game. Good food, good service, pretty relaxed atmosphere. Perfect for a Monday night game or a quick bite.
4	Who does not like smashing someone else's nuts and then having them clean up the mess?  This is exactly what you can do at Teakwood's. Some bars of pretzels, some have trail mix, but only Teakwood's has buckets of peanuts in the shell. Selling them is part of the fun, Crack em' or smash em' then throw the shells on the floor. That's right the floor, so you can imagine this is not the most elegant place. Every night has some drink specials and a decent selection of beers as a good bar should. The food is well executed bar style menu expect to see your cheese laden and fried foods. I brought a friend here who had a particularly bad week and day, I did not think anything could cheer her up. After pounding on half a bucket of peanuts, her frustration was gone.
3	Went here with a friend since Teakwood was hosting a free poker tournament. It's a typical neighborhood bar except the theme of this place is that they offer large buckets of shelled peanuts to snack on while you wait for your order and you discard the shells on the ground giving it this dirty shell shavings kinda look. Just a note - if you have a peanut allergy, avoid this place!anywho since it was lunch when we were there, i ordered myself a Turkey Dip and my friend an Open the Hatch Burger. Side item choices were fries, side salad, fruit, tater tots, onion rings, or sweet potato fries. I got tater tots with mine, and her's with fries. Service was quick, and the portions huge. The turkey dip was nothing special, quite regular bar food not exceptional and not bad either. Tater tots were crispy and seemed store bought. The burgers are huge and a real mouthful, from what I hear it's ok. Prices are moderate as well. So, anyways if you're looking for a neigborhood bar to watch the game, and looking for a place for a bite to eat, Teakwoods is fine but it's nothing special.
5	I love Teakwoods!! The wings are awesome and I will not eat any others.  It is a great place to pop in and have a quick beer after work or on the weekend, or really anytime.
4	I made my first foray into this establishment yesterday and was surprised by what I found. I don't know why, but the title of the restaurant had me envisioning stuffy people reinventing the hot wing. That's not what I found. Instead, I was treated to a down to earth bar and grill with food that tasted the way it should.The sandwich board out front as well as numerous signs on the walls and tabletop informed me of the unbelievable number of special drink deals this place offers. I'd be astonished if someone showed up any day of the week and couldn't find a cocktail or beer they'd enjoy at a discounted price.I ordered the hot wings and, while I wasn't blown away, they tasted as they should and were just hot enough. After relaxing with a couple beers, we ordered the soft pretzels which were fantastic. If your biggest complaint with a pretzel is that it's tied up, Teakwoods is for you. We received long strips of buttered pretzels (is it really a pretzel if it's straight? A discussion better left to a different forum) with a bowl of cheese dipping sauce.As has been mentioned dozens of times in other reviews, they offer buckets of peanuts and allow the shells to hit the floor. This may sound fun, but as my date said "I feel bad for throwing this on the floor." Ok, maybe that's just her. The place is fun, the food is good,  and the price is great.
2	I typically love bars like this that aren't full of people just trying to impress one another. The kind of bars you don't dress up for, and just go to hang out with your friends and watch a game or play pool. I came here for happy hour last Tuesday and wasn't impressed with the drinks or customer service. I typically order wine or beer but wasn't in the mood for either. I had a bad day and wanted hard liquor. The well drinks were cheap so I ordered a vodka and cranberry and ended up with a glass of cranberry juice. I know that there was no vodka in it, so I did what I almost never do - I sent it back. I ordered a margarita pitcher instead and that was much better. Not the best margarita, but it was good enough. I split it with my friend of course because my days of drinking entire pitchers of alcohol are long over and not missed. It came with these very stale chips and salsa. I didn't want to be that a-hole customer and send 2 things back in one night, so I just shut up and ate them. $16 for a pitcher and chips and salsa wasn't a bad deal. Our waitress took forever to check up on us and bring us the chips. At least she didn't charge me for my cranberry juice. Besides my not so great first experience here, I can't comment on how good the food is, but I did like the atmosphere and might give this place another chance.
4	This place is seriously awesome. You get a bucket of peanuts to start (feel free to throw the shells on the floor) and the service is super friendly. Maybe because he was our friend, but I think they're friendly with other people too. We had the soft pretzel appetizer and my mouth just started watering just from typing that. So delicious. i had a chicken sandwich that was decent - a bit big and overwhelming for my taste but definitely tasted great. But the drinks - mmm. They had a whipped cream flavored vodka and put that in rootbeer to make the most amazing "root beer float" ever. Loved it. I also really like places that have cute specials for every day of the week, I like that feel of a place that you could go several times in a week and have a good time every time. If you're looking for a chill place to eat, hang out, have a few drinks this should be on your list.
5	The El Heffe Wings (boneless please) are the thing to eat here. Ask for a dipping side of Suicide sauce, an icy cold beer and you have the recipe for one great evening.
4	Good solid sports grill with a varied menu.  Make sure you try the cheese curds
4	Despite any bad or lower rated reviews, of which there are a few, this place was bustling with business last night.  Occasionally (like all the time), I'm a tad opinionated on where I'd like to be seated.  Never by the restroom, preferably a booth, and not crammed next to another group if there are more comfortable open spaces available.  This has more to do with my personal preferences and less to do with this review but I just felt I'd throw it out there.  I asked to be seated up on the raised level just north of the bar when the waitress began to lead us to a table on the floor level.  It was no big deal, she accommodated us easily.Happy Hour up until 7pm, I believe.  $2 domestic drafts.  My wife got a Blue Moon for $2.50 and I had iced tea.  We also had an order of a dozen hot wings and fried cheese curds. This place is definitely a bar serving bar food.  Every plate that I saw delivered to a customer looked pretty tasty and piled high with food.  I saw some super looking Nachos, a huge burger with a pile of fries, somebody even had what looked like a burger patty with a side of cottage cheese and fruit.  Even that looked good.Our server wasn't the most attentive but he got our drinks out pretty fast and when our food hit the table (brought out by a different server) he was there to refill my iced tea and to bring my wife another beer.  You can't really ask for much more in a bar.The wings were great.  We didn't order suicide but instead opted for hot and they were okay.  Not super hot but not super mild.  The cheese curds were new to both of us and they were okay.  Sort of just like breaded, fried chewier cheese but none the less tasty.In the end we paid $22 bucks for two beers, two apps and an iced tea.  Not bad.  Oh yeah, you're supposed to just throw the peanut shells on the floor after eating them.  This felt weird for some reason even considering that the floor was covered with peanut shells.
4	They get 4-Stars for their wings! Not so many stars for their service. I always get the Honey-Hot Wings Grilled Extra Crispy! The Suicide Sauce is yummy and sometimes even hotter than before. The peanuts are always something that I enjoy while dinning in. From now on I am only going to eat at the Bar. The service there is much better. I have been here numerous times, and the manager has not even said a word in regards to "How is everything". ToGo is an option as well. The Tombstone Burger with Habaneros is a tasty burger if you are in the mood for something other than Wings!
2	Good place to drink. Can't say the same about the food, though. Feeling hungry I asked our server if the veggie burger had dairy or eggs in it. So, he exhales and rolls his eyes like I just asked him to help me move or something. He comes back a few minutes later and says, "The veggie burger might have dairy and eggs in it." Well, if I wasn't concerned about it I wouldn't have asked. He tells me "You should just eat it". Like I'm going to eat something that nobody knows whats in it? I emailed Teakwoods, too and spoke with a woman who said she'd let me know about the contents of the veggie burger. After a week or so and no response I sent another email. No response. +1 cheap drinks+1 for peanuts-2 for half-assed and rude service.
4	My very handsome boyfriend and I frequent this place every time we fall off the diet wagon. it is delicious and naughty! Exactly what we need. We both get Hoegaarden on tap. *The soft pretzel appetizers are the best thing on the menu, so American!* We each get a dozen wings, fried and then grilled, of our own favorite flavors. And we get some onion rings to share. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the service isn't always up to par, but I wouldn't expect it from a place like that. Shrugs. It's not a place for fine dining and great service, it's for beer and wings.
4	I'm a regular at Teakwoods. Great wings, great beer, great service.I especially love the specials menu, they come up with some really cool dishes.The atmosphere is really great too, very laid back with peanut shells on the floor. Teakwoods is a place where you can really chill out with friends or even on your own. It's always busy and everyone is in the mood to chat it up.
5	Initially, my thought was to give Teakwoods four starts.  Then I started writing my review . . . I can't speak to the other locations, as I have never been, but this Teakwoods is pretty awesome.  The atmosphere here is chill. The food is great! Good, strong drinks and good beer selection. Casual friendly service. The list goes on and on.  I've been coming here for years.  I even think this was the first stop on my 21st birthday celebration many moons ago . . . YIKES!  They have lots of TVs for the sports fans.  I will happily come here to "watch the game" because I know that I'm not going to have to sacrifice getting a good meal.  There are even healthy options if that's my goal for the day.I love the daily drink and quesadilla specials! There are usually 4-5 drinks on special every day, plus a beer of the month, and already great prices on everything else.  The daily specials food menu ensures there is always something new on the menu for the regulars. The Buffalo Chicken Lavosh is fantastic (see pic), however I don't advise eating it alone, even the "half" size is huge!  The salads are good; and I am picky about my salads!  Chicken sandwiches are great.  Sliders are legit.  Wings are some of the biggest and best around!  Gyros are tasty with the nice soft pita bread.  They have vegetarian options too!  Oh, and breakfast!  I wasn't kidding, the list does go "on and on!"A few other details, Teak's has a great juke box and a semi-separate room next door for families or big groups, it's a little less bar-ish.  Even if there isn't a game on (really, does that happen anymore?) there is always a good time to be had a Teakwoods.The more I write about how solid this place is, I have know idea why I was only going to give it four stars. So, I figure, "What the heck?" As far as sports bars go, Teakwoods is as good as it gets! In fact, it is really more than just a sports bar, it is a great restaurant and bar plus sports.Five stars it is!
4	Called in my Wings order. Picked it up at the bar right away. Everything was perfect. Love their Wings!
1	I walked in and I was immediately digusted by this place. Want a crap load of peanuts? No seriously, when you walk in there is a huge bushel of peanuts, and you can get as much as you want! Done with the shells? Just leave them on the table then brush them aside. The end result? A restaurant with peanut shells all over the place. Actually, to be quite honest, I'm being a little harsh here. I thought it was cool that they did this unlimited free peanuts thing, but it was like they were trying to compensate for something else.Well, when I got my food I figured out what they were trying to compensate for. The salad and 'breadsticks' were just plain bad. However, I didn't really expect much. I was actually hoping my wings would be good and that the salad was just a side. The wings are nothing special at all. I thought the 'El Hefe' wings were somewhat decent, but I don't think I could have more than a half-dozen of those. Hot wings? What hot wings? I thought I ordered some, but maybe the waiter got confused. I got some cold wings with red sauce on them, they tasted 'vinegary' and that's about all.To be fair, the service was pretty good and the server was friendly. She was helping us make decisions since it was our first time, but the food was cold on multiple occasions. A previous reviewer mentioned gorgeous staff... Not quite sure why you would prefer that instead of good food, go to a strip club? Maybe if the food was hot it could be different, but I really doubt it since the recipes here are just way off the mark.There is really nothing special about this place. The wings are over priced for what you get, and there is better stuff available 5 minutes away from here. I love wings, and I've been trying so hard to find a good wing place in Phoenix, but I think my search continues for the time being.
4	I'm a wing addict and have particular tastes in what I like in a wing.  These are now officially my favorite wings in Phoenix (there are some better in NY, but alas I live here now and have to work with what I've got).  I ordered 1 dozen of the hot.  First off, glad to see blue cheese as an option, always a good sign.  Celery and carrots, check.  Good assortment of wings to drums, awesome.  The wings were also a good size with a nice amount of meat on 'em, but not too big.  Best part, the heat was perfect.  Stuck with me for sure, but a good bit of heat while still having great peppery flavor.  Very traditional flavor.  They were nice and crispy, but not overly fried so as to loose some juiciness.  Finally, there was a good bit of sauce on them.  I hate it when there's practically no sauce and I have to ask for an extra side of sauce.  These were coated and just the right amount of sloppy.  Pair that with a good $2 beer and I was a happy girl.
4	GREAT wings (if you like them wet ask for extra sauce on the side - they don't understand the term "wet" here), yummy steak fries and the cheesy pretzels are to die for! I also love that my draft beer (Blue Moon specifically) is always served perfectly cold and priced right!!The atmosphere is super laid back, and the crowd is about as diverse in age and appearance as you can imagine - not an easy thing to find at a local bar and grill in AZ. Bonus: they keep the family/arcade room separate from the "adult" bar area.
3	great food with better than average "bar" food!
4	I'm on a quest to find the best hot wings in Phoenix; so far Teakwoods is at the top of the list - plus you get to chuck peanuts on the floor, and the staff were really friendly and helpful.  Beer was ice cold; can't go wrong with that.
3	Friendly sports bar with good prices on bar food.  The menu is par with other bars in the area.  Alot of teenagers and kids running around, but it doesn't really bother me.  Though I don't live in the immediate area, it seems like a popular local place.  No reason to come back because there are similar concepts closer to home, but a sold bar and grill overall.
4	i love throwing shit on the floor that I dont have to pick up!!! i could do without the peanuts, but i eat them just so i can throw the shell on the floor( don't judge me!) anyway.. alright beer selection on tap although there is more of a selection that comes bottled. The BLT i had was one of the best i have ever had, they let me add and substitute whatever i wanted. It was just delicious -seriously. Lover enjoyed his burger as well and we both loved the Greek fries!nice cool dimly lit place to escape the wonderful 112 degree heat. somehow i always "forget" drinking makes me hotter..but meh, who cares
5	At first, I couldn't decide whether this place was kid friendly.  I usually shy away from restaurant slash bars with loud music and loud patrons.  On the other hand, they have high chairs, a kids menu with a word search, a number tracing picture, and tic tac toe.  There are nine, count'em, nine kid's menu items, and four are vegetarian friendly.  And there is a "family room".  I was still not convinced.  The first time I came here there was a party going on in the family room, and it seemed like we were just crammed in the corner of the restaurant.  So my daughter's school had a fundraiser at Teakwoods.  Fifteen percent of the bill went to support the school.  Maybe kid friendly, but still not connived.  Could the school be wrong?  The place was slammed and, at first, I thought we would be waiting for long periods of time for not showing up early, but management was helping pick up the slack and I assume that it was an unusually high volume Monday.  My daughter was a little skeptical about throwing peanuts on the floor, so I'm not sure if that counts as kid friendly.  She would hold out the peanut shell and watch it fall in disbelief.  There is also a video game machine with two classic arcade games, one was Galaga, one of those hutin' shootin' games, and a claw.  I resisted my daughter's urge to spend my money.  And then I noticed that the kids were playing Duck, Duck, Goose on the floor in the family room.  Okay, this places is definitely kid friendly.  How dare you think otherwise.  The wings are great, the beer cold, the Ruben dry, the spaghetti a little light on the sauce, the cups large, the wait staff overwhelmed, why didn't I get wings like last time, and Teakwoods is kid friendly.
4	Let's get past the fact that this place is crowded, loud, and the floor is littered with peanut shells. This is to be expected, so I am going to comment on what I want from a sports bar. There are plenty of flat screen T.V.'s for viewing whatever football game you want. There are also good beer specials, and the bartenders kick ass.Now for the bar food: Fantastic. Whether it's wings, sandwiches or even soup, it is all good. Try the turkey dip or the Candlestick Carver. Both are succulent, and they use good quality bread here. The steak fries are done perfectly. Great neighborhood bar.
1	Oops.  Wrong location.
4	Teakwoods has a great bar atmosphere, and is great for watching sporting events.We frequent this place because it is so close, but also because they have great specials and delicious food. Their menu is huge but I usually stick to the El Hefe wings and sweet potato fries w/ jalapeno ranch. their burgers are really big and very yummy also.
4	If only...Teakwoods at this W. Ray location would get 5 stars if only they could do a few more little things to make their service perfect, because their food already is! Yesterday's visit with my hubby at 3:30 p.m. (on a Saturday) - we were one of only two tables occupied in the restaurant side. The bar side was hopping and noisy! We felt a little ignored because the wait staff was so focused on the bar side. When we were served, we immediately asked for tartar and BBQ sauces, and by the time we asked a second time (the first guy forgot us completely), our food was almost cold. But still great. They switched our plates - hubby got the well-done, I got the medium-well burger, and it was too late by the time we realized it to switch back (after the condiments were on). Ugh. If we were served by the same person who waited on us, these mistakes wouldn't have happened - it's the result of having 2-3 people coming to our table. Plus they charge extra for tartar and BBQ - .50 each. Really? I've never had this happen at any other restaurant. But this is still one of our very favorite local places!!!
4	LOVE Teakwoods!  If you like wings, try the el jefe wings.  I get them with hot buffalo sauce instead of the mild, and I get them re-dipped after they're been grilled.  YUM! Their burgers are good too--I always get the patty melt. Delicious.  The vibe is relaxed, and it is a great place to hang out with friends.  Make sure to check out the daily menu--there is always something new!
5	I love their food and their takeout service via Delicious Deliveries is awesome! I've never had a bad meal or experience! I highly recommend Teakwood's!
3	First, you have to know that this place is CASUAL. Wear your flip flops, hat on backward, and your ASU t-shirt, and you'll be fine. Lots of TVs, pretty busy on game nights, and there's a patio.The best part? Kids were sat on the restaurant side. Woohoo!As for the food, just embrace the whole peanuts on the floor thing. Really. It was hard for me to chuck them on the floor, too, but it's not really a reason to dock a star... The food and service will take care of that for you, because it's as casual as the atmosphere. The service was just a bit slow and sloppy. Hubby was given the wrong sandwich,so I shared half of my turkey ruben with him. It was a fine sandwich--not great, but not bad. Hence the 3 stars! His cheesesteak came back out looked really yummy but the cheese sauce just didn't have any flavor. My Blue Moons were excellent. :)So if you want a fun, casual night out, just don't go with high expectations and I think you'll be just fine!
2	All right.  It's come-to-Jesus time.  It's hard to watch a thriving business implode, but that's what is happening here.  I've been a regular at this Teakwoods for about 7 years now.  My husband and I liked the atmosphere, food and friendliness so much that it's safe to say we even considered this when we bought our house (within walking distance) back in 2007.  Everyone who worked there was welcoming and hard-working, from the bartenders to the servers to the bussers.  The wings (and other dishes) were great (especially as sports-bar food goes), beer selection was good, prices were reasonable.  We've seen staff (and management) come and go, but we've remained loyal, and actually have stayed good friends with many current and ex-employees, who have become like family to us.But things have been steadily going downhill, and now I think they've nearly reached rock bottom.  It started with cosmetic stuff.  Leaky ceilings, scruffy empty shelves behind the bar for a long time, mismatched and shabby (and some downright uncomfortable) furnishings, tatty bathrooms.Then, the food.  We used to look forward to the daily specials; now it seems management is finding ways to "repurpose" leftovers or overstocks in new and unappealing ways and, frankly, in weird combinations.  Sliced hot dogs on a lavosh? Really?  Even one of my previously favorite appetizers, the caprese (oh--now spelled "caprice" on the menu) tastes bland and worn out.  I used to LOVE the creamy, cheesy, meaty cheeseburger soup when it appeared on the menu, but I had it just a couple of days ago and was disappointed to find it watery, virtually tasteless, and sorely lacking in the meat department.Prices were raised (during the recent Arizona Beer Week; talk about opportunistic!), and a rash of regulars left in protest, and have stayed away.  But I and a dozen or so other regulars remained, largely because of the friendly and efficient service of a few remaining long-time servers there, along with a few awesome bartenders and wonderful bussers.  The service in general had also gone down over time, but management seems to want to drive it right into the dirt, as they decided this week to get rid of two of their best servers.  That was the last straw for pretty much all of the regulars who had remained.I feel like I'm going through a divorce.  It's sad and depressing to watch, slowly but surely, a decent business and a fun place run into the ground (going much the same direction, apparently, as the recently closed Maricopa and Phoenix locations of Teakwoods have gone) by bad management and poor decisions, who put "profits" over people.Why did I even give this place TWO stars? For the handful of wonderful staff who remain--AND for the wings, which are still great.  But if you MUST have them, I'd advise you to get them to go!
3	I don't tend to go out of my way to come here, really why would anyone. If I happen to be in the area I stop in for a drink and maybe some food but let's get it clear, THIS IS NOT A DESTINATION PLACE. I'd rather go up to SanTan, it's a bit further but a lot more quality places to go to. The noise level is a bit too much especially on a weekend day when it's family time. Service is always good but when you're the only ones at the bar, shouldn't it be? Not too much to ask.
4	I love this place! The cheese curds and soft pretzels are amazing:) the wings are pretty good too.
3	Fun place to hang out after watching my son play softball.  Love that you can  eat peanuts and throw the shells on the floor.  It's crunchy and messy looking but it's a funky divey bar.The sandwiches looked good and the wings my son had were extremely hot.  The celery I ate was crunchy.  The funny thing here is the lime you put in the beer is cut too big and it's hard to push it in the bottle without without squirting everyone around you.It was a fun evening.  Enjoyed the company . I needed nothing more.
4	I'm glad that they have a Teakwoods in the East Valley, because it became my first favorite wing place after moving here. After finding other worthy wing options in the greater Phoenix metro area, I would qualify these wings as completely respectable. I can testify that the wings here are properly sauced, reasonably crispy, and meatier than most. I know some of you gals out there are very particular about the ever-important meat-to-bone ratio, so this is why I mention it. (There's a dirty joke in there somewhere... I just KNOW it!)Anyhow, I'm a big fan of the unlimited peanuts/throw-your-shells-on-the-floor thing, so kudos for that. Here, however, is my main gripe: You really oughta chill your salads! I come here for the wings and I often order a side salad (perhaps to feel better about my chicken-meat gluttony or just to be right with that whole Atkins-on-crack approach). Every time I've been here, the salad has been a bit less than palatable because it sat somewhere warm before being brought to me. Chilled salad, good -- warm salad, bad!So although my heart now belongs to other wing-serving establishments, I'll never forget you, Teakwoods. I respect you for your frosty beers and your bountiful nuts. And every now and then I may have to come back and sample your goodies. Just a nibble or two... to remind me of the love we once shared. (O.K.--Not to anthropomorphize a restaurant, but that last passage had dirty jokes resplendent!)
3	Definitely a dive bar.  It was really dark in there when we got there around 5:30pm.  There is a "restaurant" side to it where they seat families with children, which I can appreciate, even having a small child myself.  Service was decent.  Had to wait a little bit for our waters and other drinks, and had to ask twice for a cup of water for our son.  Food was actually a little bit better than I anticipated, though my expectations were low just based on appearances.  I ordered the Chicken Jack, which was a chicken burger with avocado, bacon, & pepperjack cheese.  The ranch beans was a pretty good side too.If you're looking for a nice, clean, peaceful place to take your family to enjoy a nice dinner, this isn't the place for you.  If you want a place to hang out, throw down a few beers, watch some UFC, and throw peanut shells on the ground as you eat them, then you found your spot.  I won't be a regular there, but I am not opposed to going back in the future.Side note:  They accept the Passport card.  You get a free entree of equal or lesser value.  That's really why I tried this place out.
4	Bought a Living Social deal for the Teakwood Tavern & Grill. My wife and I went there for lunch on a Saturday. The beer is cold, peanuts delish and the Ruben tasty. We liked it so much; I recently saw a Groupon come out and purchased it. Looks like another trip for lunch and a couple cold ones.
4	Great wings, burgers. All Current sports on many tvs spread evenly through the restaurant.
4	I am from the East Coast and am used to dive bars being a certain way, but this one is truly unique in that there are peanut shells littering the floors.  As I sat there, eating the roasted peanuts, and waiting for my food to arrive, I felt uneasy dumping my shells onto the floor.  I said to my friend, OMG, littering is okay here and I do not know how I feel about this.  So after my initial shock of dropped peanut shells and the first bite of my Sue-Ruben, and the country music performers on stage creating a nice atmosphere, I started to get into the groove of things.  Throwing your shells on the floor can actually be quite liberating! lolI am a foodie and I must say that I was impressed with their take on the turkey ruben.  It was not as yummy as some of the places that make turkey rubens in NJ or NYC, but it truly did come in second for my taste buds.  My friends wings were a little bland and the hot sauce that he ordered on the side was not that appealing.  Maybe I need to try more of their wings another time, since everyone seems to love them; but I am a stickler at times.The service was amazing and they had great drink specials, although I did not partake because I had been drinking earlier at RnR in Scottsdale and my stomach needed a rest.Go here for: A great country-like setting, great sandwiches, good service, and nice drink specials.  I will be back.
2	What to say. Our waitress was so incredibly rude.  If my food wasn't good then I would give have given it one star. This was my first and last time going there. There is another bar/grill a few doors down that is so much better and less expensive. The only good thing about this place is that there are vegetarian items on the menu.
4	I was told about this place several months ago and every time I was in Phoenix, I just plain forgot....that was until about a week ago.  As usual, my girlfriend and I were looking for a place to eat and could not decide where to go.  We were both getting grumpy and hungry when I remembered, finally, Teakwoods!  A friend of mine had told me about their wings and how good they were.  I told him I like HOT and he said that I would love this place for their suicide wings.  When we walked in I first noticed the peanut shells all over the floor and the buckets of peanuts on the tables, "Cool I can make a mess and not get yelled at!"  We sat down and the waitress came right over to us with menus and took our drink orders.  She was the only waitress there for the first half of our visit and she didn't miss a beat even though there were about five other tables, unfortunately I can't remember her name, but it was a very unusual name.  My girlfriend and I both order the suicide wings and we were not at all disappointed.  The flavor was great!  They were extremely hot, but not enough to kill the chicken flavor and they didn't have that vinegary "sauce-out-of-the-bottle" taste that many wings have.  I will be honest, it was our first visit, but not our last!  Also, don't forget to scan the tag and get 15% off your food bill!
2	I got the Jack Not Jill sandwich.  Maybe it was my fault for changing the hamburger bun out to wheat toast but, this sandwich was very lackluster.  The fries were soggy and not crisp at all.  I won't be rushing back and, if I did go back I would definitely order something different.
3	I've been to Teakwoods a few times for happy hour and for lunch / dinner. The service is always great the food isn't anything to really rave about. The atmosphere is kind of uninviting it's dark and has peanut shells all over the place and I almost slipped on some once and I imagine after a couple drinks even though you may not feel the fall it's still not something I want to worry about. Anyway the service is nice and the food is reasonably priced  and it's in a pretty good location.
3	Ive never been a fan of Teakwoods food, but they usually have good drinks specials.All I ask is that if you have a specific drink special, like say, Four Peak Fridays list the beers that you have for them. Somewhere. Anywhere. On the printed "special" menu for the day, on a chalkboard, SOMEWHERE. Also, we had someone at our table that asked the waitress for a hefe that wasnt Blue Moon and she said "We have Shock Top", but failed to mention that the Shock Top that they have was the October seasonal- not the usual hefe.Other than a few issues, which usually involve uninformed waitresses, this place is a great place to watch a game. Lots of TVs, pitcher specials, free peanuts, and after the game, good live music.
5	I have lived down the street for a couple of years, but a good friend from college just moved to town so we needed a place to grab a beer.  Enter the Teakwoods. Since they won 2012 Best Wings ( If you are into that) and it fits the bill nicely. The wait staff are all really friendly from the hostesses to the bus people.  It's a pretty typical neighborhood bar although they do have a separate section of the restaurant for families to hang out so you have less of the "Sweet Home Alabama" looks.  It's a very comfy place with lots of TV's and always a people around.The wings according to all my friends are very good.  Since I am a vegetarian I highly recommend the ultimate grilled cheese sans bacon.  It's not the healthiest thing you could ever have, but it goes great with a Snake-Bite.  I also appreciate that any of their burgers can be ordered with a veggie patty so you can switch up from the grilled cheese every once in awhile. The food is really good and way above what you would expect from you standard bar food.This is a great bar if you want a friendly atmosphere and good food.Try:* Onion Rings* Ultimate Grilled Cheese w/ Snake-Bite* Pretzel Appetizer* $2.99 Jager shots
4	In one sentence:  If you're looking for peanuts-on-the-floor casual, lots of TV's covering every major sport (quietly) with home-cooked bar-type food that obviously didn't come out of a box off the Sysco truck, this is your place.Mashed potatoes:  Real.  Gravy:  home made.   Onion rings:  Freshly battered.  French dip sandwich:  Best we've had in years.   Beer:  Cold, fresh, and local.   Service:  Friendly and attentive.  Prices:  Reasonable.  Atmosphere:  Casual, borderline boisterous for dinnertime on a Thursday.   Kid-friendly:  Yes, but you'll probably be seated in the side room if you have them with you.  I'm fine with that.This is a good place and doesn't reek of "chain".  We'll be back for sure.
3	Out of a dozen visits, its still a tossup if I'd recommend it. The service, food, and ambiance varies greatly from day to day and also lunch to dinner.The good:- This is where I come for wings. They have a great selection of flavors & sauces, and after having wings elsewhere, I came back to Teakwoods. Generally, the wings are big, juicy, and slathered with sauce.-Daily specials, always something new-Peanuts at your table while you wait-TV screens everywhere-Live music on the weekends-Occasionally they offer Groupon deals- $15 for $30 of food? Yes please!-Happy hour specials (though I've never once made it here during their selected times)The bad:-Drinks. Both alcohol and nonalcoholic drinks here leave much to be desired.   * The bartender has a very weak pour on their daily specials, so what looks like a good deal at $3.50 a glass will end up taking you 2x as many drink orders as normal.  * I think they use tap water for their teas and drinking water. It taste so horrible, I've had to send drinks back several times and I just don't order them now. If you are thirsty, get a soda.-Food quality during lunch hour. You'll have better luck around dinnertime, but slower service. Lunches here have been disappointing about 50% of the time. -During sports games, you do NOT want to bring your family here, even if its right after church. It will be super crowded and don't be surprised if you are seated next to a boisterous, foulmouthed gang of disrespectful adults who scream their heads off every goal.-Prices jumped 15% after they got voted 'Best of Phoenix' for their wings.
5	Perfect neighborhood bar!!! Great, I mean great food and stiff drinks. Doesn't get better!!!
5	Love the JessJess wings, the best!
5	Great food, sweet staff, cool atmosphere, annnd family friendly :) A++
4	my fiance and i probably frequent teakwood about once a month, and they have the best wings in town. they are grilled after cooking which is almost a bonus in my book, they have many different variations of flavors etc and on tuesdays they run a special on wings. everyday they have a specials menu which in my opinion is the menu to eat from once. i had the some burro most recently and it was probably the best thing ive had there. definitely a must visit.
4	Best. Wings. Ever.I think they're fried and then grilled? I don't know. I just know they're ridiculously good. I'm a picky wing eater. I like them cooked a very specific way and that's how they make them, and it's probably why they win awards. Also, they allow me to order all flats, which makes me extra happy. If you're a chicken wing lover, you've probably already tried this place. If not, you ought to. Immediately.
3	Drinks were not as good as previous 20 visits. Specials have changed and aren't as good. The Bloody Mary was no longer unique, simply Major Peter's mix, which has too much horseradish for me. If I am to make a return trip, I will need some serious convincing from someone.
2	Burger was not as juicy as other places. It just felt dry. It filled me up but I think that was because the bun was so big. Good news is that you get an options on fries! Either big fries, skinny fries, or tots. The place has alot of TV so it's perfect for sports events. I was watching the Boston Marathon bombers being caught so I will never forget it :-)
4	really friendly service; they serve four peaks beers, and though inside was very busy and loud, the outdoor seating was lovely.The bbq chicken lavosh is the -bomb-.
2	What a disappointment... We were craving delicious, juicy burgers and what we got were burgers that were dried out, tasteless, and way overcooked. This is due to the cooks pressing on the burgers while they cook, and either not knowing or not caring what temperature they end up being. And my bacon was black, seriously, completely burnt. Those burgers are not worth $12 a piece. The fries weren't seasoned, they were awfully bland. The only thing that tasted good was my coke.  Also, Yelpers talked about Teakwoods having live music and the server said they've gotten lazy and never book bands anymore, and have actually taken the event calendar down. I don't see us going back. My generous two star rating is for the atmosphere; I liked the upbeat bar feel it has.
3	After our last disappointment I wrote to Teakwoods and they invited us back; dinner on them. Again, we ordered a couple of burgers. This time the burgers were cooked exactly how we wanted them, seasoned nicely, the cheese was melted and the bacon was perfect. The meal was very good this time. Now, keep in mind the manager knew we were coming in and which table we were. So now we have to come back again to see how the service and food is without management babysitting our table. We both hope our next time in will be just as good as the last because we both really want to like this place.
5	Our waiter was awesome, the place was comfortable but run down a little. Burgers were huge, tasty, and delicious. The string frys we had were crisp, fresh and hot. The wings were awesome the soft pretzel was really, really good. And everything came out super fast! Good beer selection. A really good all around place. And we are picky people:) it was a little pricey, but well worth the good food and atmosphere
3	The wings are pretty good and they have some good happy hour/reverse happy hour specials. Our bartender was friendly & attentive. Their quesadilla is okay - not the best/worst that I've had.
5	I've never actually eaten in the restaurant. The hubby and I order from here once a week and have it delivered via Delicious Deliveries. We've tried numerous things on the menu and everything is wonderful and exactly what you would except from a Tavern. Its good, simple food that hits the spot. They are one of the few places that offer numerous types of French fries and each type of fries are really yummy. My favorite is the sweet potato fries and not every place offers those. My husband loves the club! I have taken a bite or two of the club myself and its high quality lunchmeat. I also really enjoy the chicken mac mac. This is definitely a great place!
2	We have been regulars at Teakwoods for more than 18 years.  Can't beat their wings.  Best in town hands down.Unfortunately, their prices have gotten high and the quality of their other food isn't the same as in years past.  My favorite was always Wednesday night soup with their Chicken Enchilada Soup, but they have changed it somehow.  Won't even order it again.  They also changed their seating and the high top chairs are very uncomfortable.  Feel like you are tipped and slipping down.We used to go at least 1 once a week and now maybe once every other month.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Teakwoods.  I love their wings and pretty much hate everything else. Upon walking in your greeted by a mass amounts of peanut shells on the floor (personal pet peeve but I'll get over it since it's becoming really popular in restaurants nowadays). The restaurant seems disjointed you enter from the bar side and if you're looking for a more relax feel you walk through an empty door frame to the other side which doesn't seem to match the Bar side of the restaurant. The service is normally friendly but very spotty sometimes I can get a refill, other times it's hard as reading the Grapes of Wrath. By know you're asking why do I even bother? The wings here are just that Damn good! I've had most of the flavors but my favorites are the Jeffe and original hot. The wings are always hot, crispy and saucy (well the ones that are supposed to be)! The salads are nothing to write about but nicely pair with the wings to help cut the fat. The last time I went I had the Zucchini chips and they were hot and crispy yet void of any real flavor, I had to immediately dunked them in  ranch for any satisfaction. Bottom line is as long as this place can satisfy my wing cravings I'll remain a loyal customer. PS- On some weekend nights they have live music.
5	Awesome food. And great service. I got the honey hot BBQ wings and couldn't handle it. They swamped it out for the honey BBQ for free. Way to run a business!  Highly recommend.
4	just try the pretzels!!!!!!! they are heaven.
3	We stopped in here for happy hour one evening at 5 pm on a Friday and it was packed.  The place is split into 2 rooms and a patio.  We met a few friends in the back of one of the rooms.  We noticed there were peanut shells on the floor...cool, it's one of those places.Since they were so busy it took a long time to get our order placed.  We had to flag down a server to get her attention.  Since we didn't want to wait twice, we ordered our Beer and food at the same time.  We browsed the menu and decided to order:Nachos, $10.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=ruOZKt-DpRCwkcmVfGWchg#ruOZKt-DpRCwkcmVfGWchghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=AqTkhQINOjPqzCu6D0Xrqw#AqTkhQINOjPqzCu6D0XrqwPhilly Cheesesteak, $10.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teakwoods-tavern-and-grill-chandler?select=xeOWkFF0VogD-h3tJYsJ0g#xeOWkFF0VogD-h3tJYsJ0gThe Nachos were huge, enough for 2 people.  They were good and had decent flavor.  The Guac and Sour Cream come in small cups so you have to dip your Chips in them or take a knife to put on your Chips....I don't prefer to eat my Nachos that way.The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good too....far from the best I've ever had, but decent.There were plenty of TV's in the restaurant, so we were able to keep apprised of the hockey/football games on the tube.We had to flag down the server for refills of the Beer....that was the one downside to the visit was the service.  Perhaps we caught them on a short-handed night?  I dunno....Return Factor - 50%
4	Teakwoods is another great place for wings in this area. Seriously, if you're thinking about going to Wing Stop, turn around and go to Teaks. Come on. You're already in the area, right?Chill ambiance. Enjoy some peanuts and drop your shells on the floor if you please. Great spot for a casual workweek lunch, live music on the weekend, or just catching a game. Plenty of beers on tap for everyone's taste.I haven't ventured much beyond the wings, but with good reason: They're delicious!Two of my favorites are classic Hot, Suicide. Plenty of sauce and finished just crispy enough.Don't forget to check out their unique wing combinations! The Jess Jess is a combo of their Medium sauce and BLEU CHEESE cooked into the wings. And it will blow.your.mind. Since I carry the "Yelp Torch" in our relationship, Dude approves of this place. Not so sure if it's the wings, or the t-shirts with the Teakwoods Moose you can purchase that say, "Nice rack!" but know we'll be back -  Wings for sure; maybe I'll finally buy one of the shirts.Check out Teakwoods on your quest for great wings in Chandler.
5	This is by far my favorite place to get some decent wings. Working in San Jose all the time, I've struggled to find a good wing place. Smoke Eaters isn't bad, but it pales in comparison to this place...The service here is usually top notch. Although sometimes they get really busy and you end up having to wait a bit, but that's with any decent restaurant... The fact that they are always busy should tell you that the food and beer is pretty damn good.I haven't really tried any of the other food here besides the wings... Although my wife said that their sliders are pretty good as well.As for the atmosphere, it's noisy, fun, and you get to throw peanuts and peanut shells at your friends, or on the floor... whichever.So, some friendly advice... If you like REALLY spicy wings, get the Suicide wings... The flavor is great, and they have one hellofa kick!If you like a little bit of heat with a LOT of flavor, get the El Heffe wings. They are delicious and have a wonderful garlicy flavor. Usually I get half El Heffe and half Suicide...The other wings here are delicious as well, just depends on your tastes and how spicy you want them.
4	A buddy of mine had gone there recently and I was very impressed with service. Our server was very friendly and made sure that we were taken care of quickly when we needed a drink. The wings are the best I've had here in the valley. I also had the philly cheese steak, which I wasn't impressed with but the wings made up for it.
5	I love this place for several reasons.  1.)  Excellent service all of the time.  2.)  Cold fresh beer on tap, can't be beat.  And 3.)   because all of the food I've tried there has been excellent.  They have burgers, fajitas and Philly cheese steak, to name a few choices.  The menu is extensive.  If you like your wings on the saucy side make sure to order them "sloppy" or they could come to you on the dry side, but still just as tasty.    Cold beer, great service, great food and ALL of the sports games on TV's.  It just can't be beat.  5 stars.
1	Been eating at this place for over 15 years, regularly... some of the older employees recognize us... and then we get this jerk for a manager. For 15 years on and off I order and they make chicken or beef tacos for me al a carte. So, I order them like usual and the mgr. comes over and says I won't make them for you, not on the menu. OK... I say, just put some ground beef in a tortilla and I am good. He says no! I am so frustrated! This was my favorite dive bar and now, on principle, I refuse to go back. I asked the manager if I could speak to the owner and he said no... boy, I wonder how much business this jerk has lost / is losing for this poor owner!
3	I too, have been a customer of Teakwoods for 15 years or more.  I used to frequent the restaurant more often before the gang shooting at the establishment in 2007.  First off, you cannot beat shelled peanuts that you are allowed to throw on the floor...I've always thought that was very cool.  The food has changed over the years, but they still do some pretty great bar and grill grub.  Their shoestring fries with hot cheese is to die for.  So are their wings, onion rings, fried zucchini, soft baked pretzels, and Chicken Jack (Not Jill) sandwiches. The atmosphere has changed over the years, as well as the service and attitude.  It's kind of hit or miss now.  You might get both great food and service, but it's a 50-50 shot that the service or food might be sub par.  I still love the place for nostalgic purposes, but it's changed quite a bit through the years.
4	Went out with 8 people for dinner. The service was fast and friendly. They had very interesting choices. Great wings! Good burgers that hit the spot. I had the cheese burger lavosh. It was like a cheeseburger on a cracker. Couldn't finish it, but it didn't make you feel too full. We're definitely going back!
5	Great food, great prices, great service, family friendly. Love the wings, the cheese curds, the lavosh, the edamame.
5	Beer was super cold, food was awesome, and the service was freaking great at all levels. Did I mention the beer was super cold? Great place. I will be going back.
4	Since Teakwoods always came up as a source for great wings, we jetted over and checked it out. We'd been to the one that closed in Scottsdale awhile back. very large sports bar (the TVs were small but covered every wall). So great for sports fans. We ordered El Heffe, the Thai wings, and regular old hot. I loved the hot myself, they were HOT, a couple levels over Hooters hot. Flavor was great. The Thai wings had fresh basil leaves fried on and chili flakes in the sauce. My guest loved them, Also the heffe wings with Cilantro and garlic grilled onto them were pretty good. I still prefer the good old hot wing which we ordered with a great blue cheese dressing on the side. Comes with carrots and celeryBeer was old and they always give you a fresh iced glass with a refill, This is a wonderful thing....bill was very reasonable $15 for beers and wings. Now THAT'S happy hour!
3	This is a local bar that I can walk to from my house, so I end up here probably more than I should.  The food is fine for bar food, but over priced.  The drinks are fine and they have decent specials during happy hour.
4	Purchased a living social deal to try this place out. I LOVE that they have delicious cheese curds (a must try) & free peanuts & $6 pitchers during happy hour. Their burgers on the other hand were awful. So bad my husband only ate one or two bites... We will most definitely try it again, but minus the burger next time!
5	Love the Jess Jess- They closed location closest to us- We drive to this one. Just for the wings.
4	This place is well rounded.-Great large wings (can actually get suicide wings which fit the name)-Tasty sandwiches (Candlestick carver is yummy)-Monthly beer specials, good beer selection-Moosehead is always on special-Plenty of free peanuts-Sports an plenty of large TVs-Daily Specials and HH dealsRelaxed and casual  good go to spot when group is indecisive on food type.
3	First off...try the meatloaf and soft pretzel sticks..sooo good lol....I've been here quiet a few times and its been a pretty good experience...drinks are a little pricey when comparing to a place like Native New Yorker but its still a good place to hang with friends
5	I have been coming to this place since I was a little kid and the wings have always been the best. Any flavor you get will be great, but the all time best is the Honey BBQ. Cannot beat them anywhere!The rest of the menu is also pretty wonderful and always a good portion size. The burgers are always juicy, the cheese curds will never do you wrong, and the fries in any style are great.They also have a really good selection of beer, and who wouldn't like that?The atmosphere is quintessential sports bar. The Tv's are always running the sport of the season. There are peanut shells on the floor(even to this day I love crushing them underfoot) and it's loud. But its the "Everyone having a good time and enjoying themselves" loud.Also every employee I have ever encountered at Teakwoods has been super friendly and attentive.If you've never been I definitely suggest that you give them a try, because I know you'll fall in love.
5	Jess Jess wings... Actaully, any of their wings are great. Good place to meet after work, throw a few back, and grab some food. Cheese curds are great, plus I love eating peanuts I can throw on the floor!
5	Some of the best hot wings that I have ever had...and they always have cold, local beer on tap. Tempe's finest (Long Wong's on Mill owners) in Chandler.
5	Take anything you want from me,Anything.Fly on little wing.Came here the other night to try their wings. Got here before my friend did and sat in the crowded dining section in the east wing of the restaurant. Noticed the peanut shells on the floor - sorta creating the same effect as sawdust on the floor at Bill Johnson's Big Apple restaurants. My friend was bragging that this place had the hottest wings he never tried. Wuss. One of his friends tried the hottest wings on sale here and started sweating and crying and could not finish them. Over time and many beers I've heard that same legend over and over stretch to include emergency vehicles, demonic possession, terrorists/US military wanting the recipe so it could be weaponized, fire-breathing and whatnot until I finally said - ok we're going there - I need to know for myself. I ordered the suicide wings - traditional. No waivers had to be signed, nobody standing around with fingers on 911 speed dial button. Seemed like a standard thing to order at this place. Ok. Cool. When the wings came, they looked like any other "hot" wings. Tabasco colored little wings just sitting there waiting for me. Grabbed the first one and took a bite. Tasted vinegary hot sauce - good stuff. But the burn kept up as if all my teeth suddenly grew little wicks and turned into lit candles. Whoa - a CONSTANT burn even after the wing is done. Took the next wing and same thing. Ended up instinctively grabbing my beer to put out the fire. Wow. Perhaps the story had some merit - Teakwood's suicide wings aren't wussy at all like a lot of other places that claim to have super hot wings. When I finally got through all the wings, my friend noticed that I consumed four beers in the time it took him to drink one. Most times we go to a bar it is the exact opposite situation. Our waitress was even nice enough to bring me a tall glass of ice water as well. I'll have to admit, I have recently been on a quest for the hottest wings and most places have failed to impress - haven't finished the quest but I'm putting a flag down here for now as the hottest I've had so far. Was a bit concerned I'd find out the true meaning of "fire in the hole" the next day but fortunately that wasn't the case. Funny thing we got here at peak dinner time and when we left just around 11pm the place was a ghost town. If I didn't see another table of customers in a far corner I would have thought they were closed. They're open till midnight most days except for weekends when they close a little later. Plenty of parking in the mall it shares with Walgreens and Thailicious.
5	Teakwoods has a great atmosphere with plenty of TVs around the place; wings and cheese curds seem to be among the favorite appetizers. And everyone loves the bucket of peanuts on the table and being able to throw shells on the floor without being scolded. Some of the best hot wings that I have ever had...and they always have cold, local beer on tap.
4	Within minutes of being here, I felt at home. Strange, I know. I relocated from Chicago recently and this reminded me of the bar and grills I liked to dine in there. Buckets of peanuts on the table. Throw the shells on the floor! Great menu. I was easily torn between 4 sandwiches and asked for advice from our lovely server who steered me towards the Jack, not Jill sandwich. It was a deliciously grilled chicken breast with jack cheese, bacon, avocado and lettuce. It was delicious! Enough to cut in half and take home for later. The curly fries were slightly overdone. There are a lot of sides to choose from so I'll just try another next time. Onion rings and mozzarella  wrappers were awesome! Pretty pumped to bring friends here when they visit and try more of the yummy sandwich options! Oh, and wings! Yum!
5	Delicious as always!  Great sauces for the wings, especially El Hefe and Jess Jess.  Daily drink specials and multiple  food specials that change daily.
5	Absolutely awesome!!! Food is fantastic and service matches! Our second time here and will for sure be back many more times. Don't miss this place!
5	Always great service and great food! Never had anything I didn't like! They always have groupons, living social deals, and specials, which helps too! Love this place.
5	When they say they have the best wings, they are not lying.  Great hole in the wall feel and one of the last places I know of that you can still throw your peanuts on the floor (that being said, this place is still uber clean).  Still have to make it in here for happy hour, great prices!
4	My hubby and I have always liked Teakwoods for many reasons.  You can't go wrong with a place that serves shelled peanuts.  I love that little salty snack before a meal while I'm enjoying a cold beer.  They have great drink and food specials everyday and a specialty beer that is always a good price.  We love the nachos because they are absolutely loaded!  Teakwoods is a great place to watch a game because there are TV's everywhere you look.  I would love if they offered more craft beer because the selection is limited.
2	I was really surprised that this place got so many good reviews. We visited last night on a Groupon ($15 for $30 dollars worth of food). We ordered sliders and wings, two pitchers of beer....over $100 bucks when all was said and done.  The food looked great, but was cold and really substandard.On an "up" side, the waitress was really nice, but appeared to be the only server on duty. I'm sure this accounted for the cold food.I say if you want to be great, be great every night, including Mondays.
4	They have the best wings in town!! We recommend honey medium, extra crispy. They moved happy hour down to 600pm instead of 7 else I would have given them a 5/5. Monday's are half priced bottles of wine!
