5	Every time I go to Vegas, I swing by this Fat Tuesday for frozen daiquiris, typically a yard or more and then go about wandering the strip and have fun! I typically visit Vegas during the summer so it's perfect to stay cool and you have your fun.  This time however, I went during the winter and it was COLD, but I still had LOTS of fun drinking it! The guy working there told us that the Category 5 Hurricane and the 190 Octane are the two strongest drinks.  I had both in two days and I really recommend the 190 Octane! I'm more partial to the orange flavor, but also the Category 5 Hurricane leaves an aftertaste that I didn't care for.  It's fine if you drink a small glass, but when you drink a yard or more of it, it gets kind of old.  Other flavors I've had in the past are Strawberry and Margarita, both simple and delicious! So I would say avoid the Category 5 Hurricane and you're fine.  But you can also sample any of the flavors before buying in case you don't trust me and my drunken self! I also highly recommend getting the extra shot for only a dollar.  It's a cheap and quick way to get buzzed and to have fun.  There are also jello shots for only a buck with whipped cream if you want as well as some beers so it takes care of everyone.  But seriously, it's a great place to get cheap drinks and to have fun while you're in Vegas!Oh! And to reveal a moment of buzzed stupidity, this particular location has a light and music show that takes place every half hour to hour depending on the day (I think half hour on weekends and hourly on weekdays).  So we had the opportunity to sit around and drink, be merry and had 2 rounds of jello shots in the mall.  I chugged my own yard of 190 Octane and got SO buzzed! I was sprawled out on the chair looking up at the light show going on the ceiling, singing Spider-Pig (Simpsons Movie reference) as they were playing the theme song to the Simpsons! Oh, they also offer you a discount for refills with your drinks so hold on to your cup.  I got so buzzed and into the music and light show that I temporarily lost my empty cup.  It simply rolled over to the FCUK clothing store, but I was too buzzed to find it for 10 minutes or so.  I fortunately found it and proceeded to get a refill! YUM! Seriously, this place is great for cheap and STRONG drinks and you have the mall at your disposal to shop and gamble and then come back for more! Have lots of fun.  I've actually visited ALL of the Fat Tuesdays on the strip (yes, I'm a lush) and this is MY favorite location of all of them! Have fun here because I ALWAYS do!!! Enjoy, I know you will!
4	Tony summed it up so I'll make mine short:3 numbers: 180.Now add the best kind of fuel out there: Octane.Now put them together: 180 Octane!WAHOOO!Tasty, cool, $1 Jelly Shots..... The best. ENJOY!
5	Not sure which location this one is, but they are all pretty consistent. This chain is my go to spot for a bargain drink in Vegas. They have several locations scattered around several casinos on the new strip. All the drinks are daiquiri style, and the bar set up like a Slurpee machine at 7-11's!! Everything is tasty, they even let you mix and match flavors. I personally like to mix the octane with hurricane!! If you buy a souvenir cup, you get a couple bucks off your refills. A great way to quench your thirst while wandering the strip!!
5	Paid $11 for the second to the largest "High Octane" drink to share with the hubby.  That's shit's strong and I can drink with the best of them.  It got me buzzed in an instant and after the second one ($10 refill), I let the hubby talk me into buying him a new pair of Oakley shades that cost me and arm and a leg.
5	Forget all those other slushie bars with cheap watered down drinks.  THIS is the place to go.   I recommend the Cat5 to knock you on your ass!
3	I got the Peach Bellini (which tasted like a peach slurpee) with an extra shot and 6 jello shots, which got me semi tipsy for an hour. I was kinda bummed that I wasn't as buzzed as I expected.
5	If you're going to vegas.. your checklist should sound like this:1. Hotel (Check)2. Money to gamble (check)3. Fat Tuesdays (DOUBLE CHECK!)A must have when I'm here. Don't get any of the flavors if you wanna get messed up. Go straight for the 190 Octane with an extra shot (or two). And you're good for the rest of the night. Not bad for $11-12 for the yardstick. If you don't like the taste of the 190 octane, go for the Hurricane. It has a sweeter, more fruitier taste. Usually the first night at vegas is basically everyone in our group with a yard stick in one hand while we drink and walk around the strip. Doesn't get any better than that!
5	190 Octane.  That's all you need to remember when coming here.Talk about getting the most bang for your buck.  Get the $15 dollar one with 1-2 extra shots of Everclear and you're good to go.  You can carry it while you walk down the entire strip and have the best time ever.  You won't find a drink like this at any bar in Vegas for this price.  Trust me.Warning: It can either make you go crazy or throw up excessively (if you can't hold your liquor).  If you can hold it, it'll take you to a place you never knew existed.  It's a drug in alcohol form.Anyone who gives this place anything less than a 5 is on crack.  Enough said.Recommendation: Keep your drink for the next time you come to Vegas because you get a discount for re-fills!  I keep forgetting like an idiot, but oh well!Note:  Use your straw the whole way through.  See my picture which shows why.
5	It's called a 44 Magnum. Get it. It's a mixture of Octane 190 and the Cat-5 Hurricane. Add double shots. It's like $14.It doesn't matter if it's hot or cold outside, get one of these puppies in the afternoon and you're good to go for the day. You can't do sugary, sweet and alcohol too often, you just can't! So just try it one or twice in life.Of all the big, slushy, get-you-sloshed drinks in Vegas, this one was by fa the best. I recommend Fat Tuesday for sure!
5	The flavor does matter!190 Octane and Hurricane have the same alcohol content made with 151 and Everclear respectively. Strawberry has 1/2 the alcohol content of the other two. Good to know, right? Def go with the extra shots regardless!
1	Read the reviews for this place and thought I should try it at least once while I was in Vegas...My friend got the Cat-5 Hurricane with an extra shot of 151 but he got it in the sports bottle instead of the ridiculous yardstick. Thank goodness he didn't because it tasted horrible. The 151 was mostly on the bottom, he drank all of it but he was barely buzzed, but then he's done 151 shots alone and was fine.The 1 star is for the disgusting slushie. The cheap juice mixture with the alcohol was so nasty. I got sick from it and I only had a few sips. I'll stick to a nice bar where I can sit and enjoy a nice premium lychee martini. My friend didn't bother getting a refill because he didn't like it either.
5	Alright, the reviews do not lie.I've been to Vegas several times, and like a tourist always have to get those stupid cups with the frozen concoction while walking around.I've been to several places, several cups, plenty of different drinks, but never went to Fat Tuesdays.. until now.Believe the hype, if you want to get your tourist on, go here. You definitely want to start of your Vegas trip right? Get that 190 Octane and an extra shot for only $1 more. I mean how are you going to pass up another shot for only ONE MORE DOLLAR?! Unless your a pussy--cat?Also keep your cup, just get a refill and you save $2. I also tried the Mudslide flavor. It's more of a dessert flavor, you definitely need that extra shot in that flavor.Don't settle for anything else, you can't be walking around being tourist unless you have a Fat Tuesday cup.
4	I love Fat Tuesdays! I was only bummed that there was only 1 girl working and about 10 people in line so it took about 20 minutes to get our order in, but it was well worth it! I got the "Pain in the Ass," which I believe is the Pina Colada and Cat 5 Hurricane.  I began walking back on the strip and within 15 minutes I felt that 151! If you keep the cup you get a few bucks off your 2nd round too! I hated the wait, but I must admit the drink was good. But be careful what you mix! They have a list of recommendations so I'd definitely suggest to stick to that. I'm definitely going back next time but maybe a little earlier to avoid the line.
3	After walking around and dragging Dave into the Gucci's. Jimmy Choo's and Channel's at the Forum Shops - Dave was tired and wanted a drink.So we went to Fat Tuesday as it was close by. The place was buzzing, Dave got a super large drink (Vodka and Redbull) for $14!He said it tasted ok but didn't manage to finish all of it and had a bit of a headache after. The service was quick.Note from the editor (aka Dave):  I'm no light drinker or stranger to alcohol by any means, but this drink was just nasty.  Vodka and Redbull are a favorite, but this drink seemed like it was still mixed with something else, like pineapple, which made it taste nasty.  I figured the size would be okay because we would walking around but we ended up leaving right after which meant that I'd have to take the drink in the car.  Being the law abiding citizen I am, I know its legal to drink in public as long as the container is plastic in on the strip, however I know its still illegal to have an open container in a vehicles cabin (okay okay I watch a lot of Cops).  I chugged it a bit, suffered a number of brain freezes, and stashed the cup with my photography gear in the trunk and we drove to the next location.
4	always start of here when you are at Vegas... its practically what me and my fiance did after eating then roamed around the strip. I got the Superman which is damn good if I say so. We got the yard stick which was $11 and $9 to refill. Plus I got the extra shot of vodka for a $1 that they offer.it took me 2-3 hours to drink the whole yardstick cause I babied my drink a little. Over all I was tipsy by the time I got to check in at my hotel. The service was okay cause they only had one person working and had a line that we waited in for 20+ minutes. Then some dude came out to retrieve the tips from the tips which I'm guessing was the manager. But I would definitely come back so I can get my yard stick refilled for $9! Woohoo!!! You can't beat that price! Get at this when you're at Sin City.
4	All I have to say is Yum!! My friend Amanda and I were very excited and anticipating on going here after passing it a few times walking to our hotel. One we got it, it was Jum Jum! We both got the Bellini and Strawberry (which was fruity, just the way we wanted it. We're also light weights so it definitely gave us a buzz) and we only paid like $13 for it. My boyfriend got the 190 Octane with Bellini and that was pretty tasty as well, but you could taste more of the alcohol in it. My other friends got the 190 Octane with the Category 5 Hurricane, which was definitely strong (too strong for my likings). Overall, when in Vegas, this is definitely one place you have to go to for slushy-like drinks! :D
4	WHAT HAPPENED?! I chose this one to review because it is in my beloved Planet Hollywood Am I a light weight?? Must be, I had the regular Vegas souvenir cup.. is it a yard long?? I think so. Well, I have been here about 3 times. But one that knocked my socks off was the margarita flavor with an extra shot... maybe because I drank this one by myself too. One second I am walking, upright... having a normal conversation, next... the room and the people I was with are flying around my head!! My night did not end well.. If you don't trust yourself with alcohol and shopping, have a friend hold your wallet because the Miracle Mile shops will be even more tempting with your intoxication.I think every slushy drink here is amazing, but if you get the 190 Octane and you're not too fond of the alcohol taste, swirl it with something else... strawberry would make it super tasty (and pretty too)
4	as a local (now), this is definitely a favorite spot for those in town. and of course - i bring my yards with me for the refill pricecant do the 190 octane anymore...but love the amaretto and pineapple and the belini. must get the extra shot also. its only $1 :)the jello shots are pretty good (although one time they sold them to us half settled, and they didnt go down as smooth as they normally do).service is always good (even when they're busy). i love that you can sample them also. will be back when more people are in town!
5	No trip to Vegas is complete without a trip to Fat Tuesday. Last time I got a Cat 5 Hurricane mixed with 190 Octane and two shots of Everclear. The Yard Dog size (which isn't really a yard long) is only $12, plus $1 for each extra shot. This is a steal considering I had purchased two small shots at TAO right before I came here one time for $16 total. Also, if you bring your Fat Tuesday cup/tube back with you next time you save about $2-3 off your drink! Woohoo!
5	All I have to say is... Monster Yard, Cat 5 + 190 Octane mixed, 2 extra shots of grain alcohol for $19 and I was good for at least the next 4 hours. Good for what? hmm.... don't remember the details, but I know I had fun.
5	Go big or get the hell out of Vegas.Everyone should start their days off in Vegas with one of these. (I certainly wish I did!) They have fruity flavors which are yummy, but seriously, for the best buzz (or blur) for your buck - 190 octane with at least 2 shots of everclear.  Towards the bottom, it'll start tasting like ish, but keep stirring throughout and just man up! Guaranteed FUN for the rest of the day... and if you keep drinking, even more fun for the rest of the night... I make no promises for the next morning though. :D[note: if it is particularly hot and you're walking the strip, please be sure to have water on hand...you have a very high likelihood of passing out...I would know. :P ]
4	$1 cherry jello shot...nasty.We got these babies after eating Earl's and drank them all day long enjoying the strip. We felt so sick afterwards..it was seriously a sugar overload! But, we all took a nice, long nap...it was phenomenol!-High Octane and Strawberry Daquiri with 15 shots in a  100 oz JUG!! It was pretty damn good. I could have used it as a dumbbell and it was still pretty heavy for me.-Regular Yard- Strawberry Daquiri with 6 shots..diabetes and liver failure, no?-Another 100 oz. yardstick. I dont rmr what we got..they are all the same anyways. The only problem with this one is it takes forever to sip once it reaches the end. I swear I was sucking the life out of me and still couldnt get any juice. If you do get the 100 yard...1. set the 100 oz yardstick on the floor. 2. Suck until you get constant flow coming in.3, Once you have achieved this, start spinning around the yardstick, while drinking it for 10 seconds.4. Stand up....If youre going to go to Vegas, might as well go "real f***** big" -my guy friends!Fat Tuesdays, until we meet again..Enjoy! :)
4	A lovely little treat in Miracle Mile Shopping Center Fat Tuesday sells some of the best priced novelty glasses of frozen alcoholic wonders found on the Strip. The choices are as varied as the sizes. They also offer cheap shots of alcohol including jello shots. Honestly, it was fun, friendly service, and delicious drinks.
5	Fat Tuesdays. A MUST for any vegas traveler. $11 for a yard dog, $9 for refills $1 shots. All the flavors are pretty good and they are super chill letting you try as many as you want. Add in a few everclear shots and this thing will have you buzzin pretty good. Lines are never too long and its relatively reasonably priced...spent about $17 on it and added a few additional shots. Totally worth it when compared to drinks at the clubs. Vegas must!
5	Great place to visit every time im in Vegas!Always stop by to get my 100oz mug filled up with some 190 octane with the extra shots! Open late and open early!
5	Guess who comes out as the winner? Me, that's who. Give me a mug or yard of alcohol any day in Vegas, and I'll be back to refill it within the hour. While it's completely acceptable to day drink in Vegas, it's equally acceptable to walk around shopping the strip and drinking at the same time. You can pre-game all day long before heading out at night. Or do Vegas dirty style and fill one of these bad boys up while you walk around the strip and gamble. Fat Tuesdays can help you with that on the cheap.Vegas Casino Area Drink Size|||||||||Normal Drink Size||||||||||||Fat Tuesday Drink Size||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||You can spike your drinks with extra shots or just go with one of the mixes that they offer - Strawberry daiquiris, Mudslides, Tropical itches, Mojitos, Margaritas, White russians, you-name-it.
4	I don't really know what to say in this review. It's Vegas, so why WOULDN'T you go to Fat Tuesday? My favorite mix is the strawberry and mango with an extra shot, and a jello shot before I start drinking. Prices are super cheap! You can't get that drunk for that cheap at a club, so hit up Fat Tuesday for some day drinking. It'll make walking down the strip that much easier.
1	Disappointing. We stopped here since we were staying at planet hollywood for the night and were craving a margarita. We got what the guy recommended. He said it was their strongest drink (190 octane I believe was the name). It was the drink that said it included grain alcohol. It was really weak. I didn't even get a buzz. At least it wasn't too expensive. But if you want value for your buck, go to La Salsa Cantina near the M&M factory-get the patron margarita, you won't be disappointed! That is my usual spot in Vegas & always have a good time. ;)
5	190 octane did it's job. I took it down quick as it just tasted like a slushie and I didn't want to let it melt. Maybe i'm lightweight, but it made me fall asleep in the lobby, while waiting to check-in, then I did some praying when I got up to the hotel.
4	100oz daiquiri for 25 bucks that come with a shoulder strap to help you hold the cup! Extra shots for 1 buck, refills for 15 bucks.
5	$17 yard ($14 refills) 180 octane and hurricane w/ an extra shot of everclear for $1. 2 of those...you're GOOD for the whole night. best drinks in LV and cheap!!! my friend and i get 1 and share it and refill it...it's so good...so watch it...it's a creeper (ESP W/ THE EVERCLEAR!)
3	I was SOOOOO excited about this place when I was yelping for vegas! But...I argued with Masayuki at this place, so I wasn't too happy afterward.Anyways, cheap drink? May be! $8 for 20oz and $5 for a beer. The girl was super cute and hyper.Another good/bad thing about it was not many people were there so there was no line. I super wanted to get the yard one, but I know it would be a waste of money for me.The girl recommended mango strawberry and gave me a sample. I liked it and got it. But it was so sweet after 2 sips! I couldn't finish my 20oz and gave it all to Masayuki.Still a good place to go though =)
5	180 octane with an extra shot on a yard stick.Yup, that's what I was sipping on at 11am while I wait for my friends to wake up.The bartender here is awesome, I wish I can remember here name.She kept me company and stuff lolStrong drinks, friendly service, and definitely one of the cheaper options for yard drinks!This is one is located on Miracle Mile shops
5	Uhhh one word YARDDOG.
4	Fat Tuesdays are abundant in Vegas. There seems to be one in every major casino/mall/whatever.There's good reason for that. Their blended boozey slushies are effing great. I ALWAYS get the Octane with an extra shot and I am never disappointed. For Strip booze prices, they are very reasonable.I know it looks like so much fun to get a yard of slushy booze, but I don't recommend it.The basic size (with extra shot....always get that extra shot!) will make you feel good and you don't have to worry about forcing yourself to gag down hot, melted, rum, sugar sludge when you get to the bottom. There's just too much dang sugar in those huge yard-long drinks. Only get one if you intend to recycle it and MacGuyver it into a bong later on.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!We walked here everyday we were in Vegas to get our drinks!(Eye candy & pina colada was the best combo!)The bartenders (can you call them that in a mall? haha) were hilarious & super friendly! There isn't much else I can say besides adding a shot is only $1!!!! & they offer discounts if you bring back your cup!
4	This place is pretty awesome...I really like the pina colada but the hurricane is pretty good too.  I have tried the strawberry daquiri but it is just too sugary.Note: if you want the hurricane, I'm pretty sure this Fat Tuesday uses crappy 151 but the Fat Tuesday in the Forum shops uses Bacardi...so keep that in mind.Half of the time there is a LONG line and half of the time it's empty.  If there's a line, I usually just come back later.
5	Definitely a must when visiting Vegas. The slushes are really smooth compared to some places where the slush is chunky/icy. I would recommend the Bellini.. tastes like peaches.. but looks girly :( But be sure to add the extra shot(s) for $1 each. But if you're lookin for something strong, try the octane 190, it doesn't taste that great in my opinion, but it does pack a punch.
5	Another thing I wish they had in LA.  But I don't think everclear is legal here.  Good reason to go to Vegas...  or New Orleans for that matter.Anywhoo.  Good prices (20 oz. for $8) and they give you a card for $1 off your next drink.  I like the Pina Colada - not too sweet.  Good afternoon drink, like an alkie smoothie.  The hurricane is also good.  Definitely add extra shots for only $1.There's nothing not to like.  Love it.
5	always a good day when u have a fat tuesday in hand.. i recommend the 190 octane mixed with mango add the extra shot and some orange jello shots on the side.
5	LOVE, LUST... whatevs the 1/2 190 octane 1/2 Cat 5 hurricane w/ an extra shot tube is the bomb. com ;)cant wait to try the Peachtree Bellini next time
5	Kelly is such an awesome bartender!I got an order of 44 magnum, which consists of their two strongest drinks: Cat 5 hurricane and 190 octane. And of course, an extra shot of vodka. I really like this location probably 'cause it's in the same area as Earl of Sandwich :DI just wish they'd have an extra bartender when the line gets 10 person deep. Ugh! But really, it's cheap and worth the wait ;)
5	Be sure to goto the one in planet hollywood, the new one in the IP kinda sucks. this is always a stop for me each and every Vegas trip. I love their drinks, it's well worth the price, they're always tasty and pack a good punch
5	The first time I tried this, I have to say yelped failed me ): I got a melange of flavors with extra shots of ever clear. BAD BAD IDEA. Not only did the slush taste like crap after but I had major heartburn. Go me! I went this past weekend and tried their Peachtree Bellini. Oh my goodness, YUM! Just get that by itself, no need to mix other flavors. Too good.
5	had to come to this location since it was the closest one to our hotel.. but it didnt disappoint!the yard was $12, extra shots $1 each...so mine came out to $15. the shots were well worth it because they customize the shots according to the flavors you get, which is really cool and delicious!!Best flavor combo ever!!: Cat 5 Hurricane + Mango. SO GOOD!
5	if youve never been here its like an alcoholic slurpee. Prices are good. Drinks are even better haha. Most bang for your buck and of course you will get on a "good level" with one of these. Flavors are really good and you always have the choice of adding more shots for just a dollar each. This fat tursday is pretty big tooo and theres seats right in front good place to go.
4	I try to write reviews on establishments based on what they try to be.Fat Tuesdays typifies a margarita stand, delivering every bit you ask for!This place is great because it's right next to Earl's -- as people have stated -- so you can load up on food before you drink up.Not every location has all the flavors.This one, at the time of my trying, had:190 OctaneCat 5 HurricaneMango Strawberry DaqiriPeaches and CreamPina ColadaMost of them will always have 190 Octane, Cat 5, and Strawberry -- as those are the most popular.  If you only want sweet, don't go with the more bold ones like Cat 5 and 190...  but if you just wanna get buzzed/drunk, try one of those two or both.DON'T get an extra shot.  Yes, they use a test tube and put it upside down, which attempts to distribute the everclear evenly...  but fails to do so.  You'll end up drinking it all in the last few sips.  But then again, it's only $1, so maybe it's worth it if you wanna get really buzzed.I'd also recommend getting the 32 oz. jug -- not the tall glass.  It's probably the most efficient and compact -- and you probably won't throw it away afterwards.
5	This is the 7 Eleven of alcoholic slurpees. I dont remember how much I spent but a small size of one of these will hit you pretty hard, well for me at least. This was another one of the few places that I was told to check out while I was in town.
5	i believe this is the one inside of planet hollywood... i hope it is, or i'd be writing a review for the wrong location! my friends and i stayed at planet hollywood for the weekend a few weeks ago, and fat tuesday was conveniently located downstairs and around the corner from where we're located inside the "mall" we had. there's usually always a line everytime we pass by, but can we blame them? from what i've tried, i love this place! their daiquiries are fulfilling, it always hits the spot. i've only tried a few flavors, but im looking forward to trying several more when i get the chance. yum yum yum!
5	Hell yes I stopped here at the Miracle Mile Shops!  I got the Yard Dog layered with Bellini over 190 Octane for $13 with an extra shot of cheap liquor.Tried a sample, loved the service, tipped a $ -- and did I care that I was drunk on the strip and probably spent 10 minutes laughing on a pedestrian overpass with a friend?  Nah.
3	So imagine you are in Vegas (actually you probably are in Vegas) and you are really craving something cold and sweet, but you want to get your fade on as well ('get your fade on' means get drunk, mom). If this sounds like you, get your ass down to the bar and get a big frozen drink, then suck it down before it gets melted. Its gross after it melts. The mango was good, strawberry and blueberry, not so much.Be forewarned, dragons lie in this elixir. This has enough sugar to hangover even the most grizzled and hardened alcoholics. BEWARE.
5	Yards of margaritas don't get tastier than Fat Tuesday. Extra shots of rum for only a $1? Yes, please. My favorite thing to do in Vegas is walk the strip with one of these bad boys. Fruity, tangy and sure to get you drunk. What else can you ask for?!
5	If you're in Vegas, you HAVE to stop by at one of the Fat Tuesday locations during your visit. You just HAVE to. At first glance, you're probably thinking what the big deal is with slurpee looking drinks and why you would even bother, which is what I thought before trying it. Now, whenever I go to Vegas, I always have to go there at least once. Big stick and Pimp juice are probably my favorites. Extra shots cost $1. Those cups don't joke either. They may seem discrete, but they totally get to you without even realizing it, especially in that heat during the summer time. Worth it. Try it! If you're sketchy about what to get, that's what the employees are there for. Typing this is just made my mouth water as I thought of it. Yum
5	One word. JELLO SHOTS! Okay, 2 words ( maybe i'm still drunk?) lol. But anyways, this is the place to go for vegas! We just happened to go here before our trip out of vegas and wanted to make it complete- so yards of alcohol it is.*Beware: the drink may kinda look small and like you can have maybe 2 or 3...but when you start drinking...that's when you're like "damn, i might not be able to finish this..."$1 Jello shots! Strongest and bestest ever ( try it w/ the whip cream) and they eff you uppp! Yes!Pina Colada, Strawberry, Mango, Margarita, Blueberry, you name it! they got it. Extra shot? Ok! What size? Yard, small whatever....Lots of booze for cheap! = VEGAS.cute and friendly bartenders = priceless.coming back for refills = a given.Check this place out and don't miss the jello shots!( keep the plastic...souvenir, hey :)
4	Took the BF here to get a drink. The guy who helped us was plenty nice. Explained everything to my BF since it was his first time there. Got an extra shot for $1. Wish I could drink :-P
5	Moderately strong Daiquiris at a price you can afford. Can't beat the price of $1 per ever extra shot. P.s. Only 12$ for a yard stick :D!
5	$1 per shot added.$1 Jello shots.My favorite mix is the eye candy and strawberry daiquiris.Fat Tuesday is a cheap way to get on a good level.
5	YES you can get cool margarita drinks anywhere in vegas but from what i've seen, fat tuesday's has the best prices! get extra shots! it's such a good deal! sample different flavors! mix different flavors! meh, i probably wouldn't want to mix, but sample different flavors! get $1 jello shots and get 'em with whipped cream while you're at it cuz it's so much better like that! but seriously, can't make a vegas trip without hitting up fat tuesdays. good stuff
4	I always love coming to this place, every time I am in vegas. The drinks from this place will hit the spot! They will give you a pretty good buzz if thats what your looking for. they have extra shots for $1, my friend got of ever clear and that was the strongest shot ever! The big stick and bellini are yummy here :) Can't wait to come back to get a refill in my cup!
5	I love Fat Tuesdays!!! They are located in many of the casinos on the strip and one of my first stops. I even bring my old Fat Tuesday 36 oz mug with me and get it refilled (save a few bucks). I know Casear's location normally gives you $1 off coupon on your next visit. I love the mudslide, pina colada, and Pineapple amaretto. Some locations carry different flavors but it is $1 a shot. Please add more than one shot to your drink people!!! My drink normally has a min of 4 shots.
5	$14 for a yard of 190 octane and 2 shots of everclear.That's what my friends made me order for my first time there. I know there are flavors that may have less alcohol like what one of my friends was trying to order for her first but to be honest, we're in Vegas to get drunk not too drink fruity drinks to taste good. Wow, since i barely jade a breakfast, this was one of the first things going into my stomach and i got tipsy quite quickly..at around 11. But it's Vegas right?definitely will get a better flavor i go next time but go big the first time around!
2	Fat Tuesday is basically known for their ice blended alcoholic beverages and their large containers. Their drinks are cold and refreshing, but they are made with such cheap liquor, that it leaves you with a pounding headache afterwards. I shared the yard-long peach bellini with a friend and I totally regretted it. I will admit...I felt pretty cool walking around The Strip with my yard-long jug from Fat Tuesday; however, I did not feel so cool after I finished drinking it's contents. Not only did it make us feel bloated, but our buzz was short lived and we suffered huge headaches afterwards. It's good to try, but meh, never again.
1	fat tuesdays are good don't get me wrong but this star rating reflected my experience with the employment. so in other words the people that work at the ph fat tuesdays can go F**K their pathetic livesso i get there after walking from the wynn, cus my friend wants earl's and i needed to buy dress shoes so i was checking every damn mall along the strip on the way and when i finally get to fat tuesday, i didn't know what i wantedi ended up trying most of the flavors and the person helping me was a lazy ass and didn't want to walk back and fourth so he gave me the rest of the samples.... then while i was tasting them he goes off and whines like a pathetic little bitch to his coworker saying "you see that guy he just tried all the flavors" and his coworker just so happens to have enough balls to say outloud "omg i can't beleive you just did that [then to me] you better give him a big tip" after i picked my flavors i ordered the 3ft yard gave the guy a 40 cus it was around ~36... the dumb bitch unfolded my bill as slow as possible so i just told him to keep the change... if he wanted a damn tip i would've told him to go back to school or something cus it's not my fault that his pathetic life lead him to a job he couldn't handle.
4	good drinks and really sweet! i like fruity stuff so I am a fan
5	Every time I'm in Vegas I get my tall slushy drink there. Located in the Miracle Mile of shops by Planet Hollywood -tucked in the back,  Dear Yelper.The MOST REASONABLY PRICED drink you will find. You will see others more conveniently located but it is worth going out of your way for this place.Some patrons keep their containers and bring them back to Vegas when they revisit in order to get the reduced price refill. Although it's not worth the hassle for me, that option is available to all.
5	Trying to get F***ed up!? Want to be chilled while you're walking in the killer heat that's burning down on the back of your neck?! Grab yourself a FAT TUESDAY! It's a slushy drink that has alcohol and there's about 8 different flavors. A popular one is the Pineapple Amaretto. But if you're really trying to get a buzz, get the 190 Octane and add in an extra shot or two and you surely will not be walking straight afterwards. Still not satisfied with your buzz?? Grab a refill for $10! Add another shot! To hell with it, chug that sh*t and get a brain freeze and I'm sure you'll be satisfied with your drunken self! :)
4	Bellini + cat 5 hurricane = perfect combination for the morning.$11 to fill up the car mug if you already have it, which I think is very reasonable. (We always bring our mugs back to Vegas to save the extra $3)The extra shot is a must have. Just remember to pull the little tubey out early on or else you'll be drinking straight vodka/rum toward the end of your glass.Bottoms up!
4	There's a line that forms here, like an entrance to a club... there's even a "bouncer" who checks your ID! Hahha! SO funny.My friend asked me, "Should I get the embarrassing cup, or the normal one?" Haha.. the embarrassing cup is the classic super long hour glass shaped glass, that requires a larger than life straw to suck up the goods.He definitely got the embarrassing one, and it was worth it! There is a great selection of flavors, and of course - who doesn't get wasted in the middle of the day in Vegas? These giant-sized margaritas definitely do the trick. Proof? I had to listen to my friends' deafening rendition of Florence and the Machines' "Dog Days Are Over" song in our hotel... WOW. Hilarious!Thanks Fat Tuesday!!
5	This is a really great deal, you can get whatever flavor you want and then add extra shots for a dollar a piece!  I wouldn't normally drink this type of sugary drink but hey I wouldn't normally be looking for a buzz at 10 in the morning either!
4	The most affordable alcoholic daiquiri place in Vegas! The ability to refill at a discounted price will save you a ton of money. The cups are durable and reusable. We saved our cups from a year ago and we bring it each time we come to Vegas and refill it at the discounted price.There's a lot of flavors to choose from and they have locations all over Vegas so you're not stuck going to only one location.
4	32 ounces of icee alcohol for only $12 and you get a free funny looking funnel cup.Lots of flavors and colors to choose from.After one of these, you're ready to have fun shopping.Line can get long at times.
5	Fat. Tues. Day. This is pretty much our first stop every time we go to Vegas. If it's your birthday, go here, usually they throw in a shot or two for free for you. Yum.
5	The best drinks by far. Everytime I visit Vegas, I always have to make it a point to stop here and a grab a drink or two. The extra shots that are available aren't always a bad thing.
5	How could one not love the ridiculousness of drinking Fat Tuesday while walking the strip? It's definitely a must-go on every Vegas adventure! :)I lovelovelove the Peach Bellini! Any size, but I would suggest that you get the half yard. Sharing a huge drink is kind of awkward/it just gets nasty after about 30 minutes. No one likes melted slurpee!Try it with one shot of rum and one shot of peach schnapps. For $1 per shot, you won't regret it! (or remember it??)
4	One great thing about Vegas, it is socially acceptable to get plastered during the day. Here is an example of a possible day Wake up hung-over, drink a couple glasses of tap-water from hotel room.Open a beer.Go downstairs, gamble for an hour.Walk the strip down to Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood, look at semi-exciting street performers. Pass people flicking collectible hooker cards.Stop by Fat Tuesday, get bigass plastic yard, preferably the 190 Octane.Have an excellent time walking back to the hotel.Take a nap.Go clubbing.It's like a Vegas tradition.
4	Ever since I was introduced to Fat Tuesday on my trip to Vegas the beginning of January, I can now say, I am a solid fan. Not thrilled with the pricing, but the $1 shots you can add are definitely worth the money, and a good addition to your drink. Being the lightweight Asians that we are, my friends and I decided to all share a yard of some sort of Strawberry Daquari sugar rush of one sort or another. Oh my god. Sweet sugary goodness, with a kick!Fair warning though, one must consume it at a decent pace, unless you wish to have your drink melt into a slush of yuckiness in about an hour or so after purchasing. Depending on what kind of drinker you are, the alcohol managed to sink to the bottom by the time my 3 friends and I got about halfway through the drink, which needless to say, shows you how weaksauce we are... but we still all greatly enjoyed the sugary goodness, and it definitely had enough alchy in there to get a small buzz started in me, which I felt with quite some delight.This will definitely be one of my places to go from here on out when I visit Vegas in the future!
4	$1 shots of 151 or Everclear + Peach Bellini/190 Octane = very uncomfortable daytime buzz in Vegas heat
4	Decent drinks at fair prices.  Just stay away from the grain shots and you'll be okay!
5	Fitting to write a review of Fat Tuesday on Fat Tuesday so here it is!It doesn't matter what day of the week it is, everyday is a good day for a Fat Tuesday.Needless to say, one yard dog is more than enough to guarantee you a good time.  Thanks to Jaymie S., my first drink here was a 190 Octane with 2 shots of Everclear.  A total of 8 shots.  It was quite the struggle to finish it once it came down to the last bit, but it wasn't too bad prior to that.  Just make you do a lot of stirring and just inhale your drink like no other.  Get past the brain freeze and you're good to go (plus your taste buds will thank you for it later).My party each had our own yard dog and let's just say we were all giddy and giggly for the next couple of hours.Be warned.  These babies sneak up on you, but thank them, they bring you a bundle of fun.
4	This is how Jaymie Lynn S. gives her friends the Vegas treatment.190 Octane with 2 extra shots.Drinking this is like running a 10k (well to me, anyway, I have low tolerance). Guess what Jaymie S. did the next day? She made me drink another one.Did I just do a half-marathon in alcohol?I never knew that I could love and hate someone at the same time. Because of this place, now I know. Thanks Jamie! For a very fun time in Vegas!
5	Fat Tuesday made me FAT. I'm so in love with the peach bellini! I keep coming back haha. Definitely not the cheapest way to get drunk, but totally worth the money and cool yard you get when you pay for one of these puppies.I had a group of  8 people and we all decided to try a few different flavors because sharing with a bunch of people of melted slushie is just gross.We had peach bellini (my favorite): Taste like peachy goodness... peach schnapps + champagneStrawberry daiquiri: can actually tastes the strawberries instead of that syrupy taste some places have. There were even strawberry seeds which definately means they really blend strawberries in there. 190 octane: with two shots of everclear was errrr buzzingly yummy...cant remember much after this.dont drink too fast because YOU WILL BE GONE and plus brain freeze!
5	I enjoyed my yard of alcoholic slush. Beware of the extra shots. I thought that while it was melting the shots would mix into the drink. I was WRONG. I had two extra shots and even after the yard it was hard to drink them down. I had an amaretto/strawberry mix. I think I'll opt for something a little fruitier next time!
5	Whenever you go to Vegas, get a Fat Tuesday.  There are multiple locations around the area so it's no hassle to get one.  There's usually a line, but it goes by pretty quickly.  So far, I've tried the Strawberry Daiquiri and the Pimp Juice. YUM.  They're not that expensive either. For the half-yard, I believe it was $13.  For an extra shot, it's only $1 more!  Workers are always very friendly.  One Fat Tuesday gets the job done for me. I'm already drunk or getting drunk before I'm even finished!  Careful not to drink it too fast tho or you'll get a major brain freeze!
4	For some reason, this Fat Tuesday is just a little bit better than the rest. Always stop by this one for my Bellini fix! It tastes delicious! Peace schnapps and champagne mixed together in a icy cold delicious concoction. I never really want anything else, honestly. An extra shot is a dollar, for those of you that like it stronger.Honestly, I just enjoy a nice cold drink; I take it as is.
4	You can never get tired of this place! The drinks are remarkable! The prices are descent and not too pricey, depending on which size you get of course! I got the $15 souvenir car mug. What we ordered:1. Superman-This had eye candy, which was a blue raspberry mix, tasted sooooo good like a blue raspberry ICEE with a strong kick! =) Also, there was a strawberry mix in it. Get it?! Superman...red and blue? LOL! Anyways, the mixture was terrific and yes I put 3 shots for a $1 each shot!!!! However, the shots were still in the test tubes and did not mix so I had to pay for it at the end! VERY STRONG!!! =)2. 190 Octane and eye candy-The 190 Octane tasted like oranges! Yum! However, very strong itself! And yes this tasted very well with eye candy! And again we put another three shots in it! Soooo good!The service here is very fast and friendly! The bad side is that it closes at 1am...We are in Vegas, there should be one that is 24 hours, since clubs closes at 4am and another club starts and ends at 8am! Overall, of course I would recommend this place! =)
5	Worth every dollar! Don't get the yardlong right away....your drink ends up melting and becomes concentrated alcohol towards the end. Get a half yard instead, then refill when you are done! I haven't tried a flavor I didn't like yet :) Get anything with "Hurricane" in it if you want more bang for your buck, and don't forget to add extra everclear shots for $1 each.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
4	You always gotta grab a Fat Tuesday to continue your buzz from the night before or to pregame with before hittin' the clubs. Not sure if this is the right one but I went to the Fat Tuesday in Imperial Palace. They always give you samples and $1 off coupons, from the past two times I went. Def use this dollar to add an extra shot because these drinks aren't too strong for someone who has high tolerance like myself. Eddie Y. was very nice and he got us our dranks! I got the usual, Strawberry Margarita, simply delish.
5	This is a MUST GO WHILE IN VEGAS kinda place! Personally, I only been to the one in Caeser's Palace but there's apparently one in Planet Hollywood, MGM, and Mandalay Bay. It's basically an alcoholic Slurpee bar! (Not for the lightweights :X) They have tons of flavors and then you can mix the flavors together to make your own creation or choose from one of their signature mixes! The first time I went there, I went all out and got the Hurricane + 190 Octane which are the two strongest ones. And I was on a gooooooood buzz for the rest of day (and it took me about 2+ hours to finish the yard cup).This recent trip, I got the Bellini with an extra shot (the extra shots are only for another $1). The Bellini is delish! And the following day, I had the Bloody Smurf which is a combo of the Eye Candy (blue raspberry rum) + strawberry daiquiri. My hunnie got the Superman which was super strong. All the drinks from here are pretty strong and they creep up on you if your not careful!! :) The bartenders weren't the most helpful this time around so I just picked from the menu (the menu lists the drinks from strongest to not as strong). Previously when I went, the bartender was really helpful with assisting in what to get judging from how strong of a drink you wanted plus what kinda flavors you liked etc. This time, the bartender was not so friendly (we had the same bartender twice in a row) and we felt rushed to order. But regardless, I did a pretty good job ordering bc they were both delish and exactly the right level of strong-ness I was looking for at the time :)
5	Let's face it, you are coming here to get smashed.  What better way to get smashed than having 3 shots of Everclear in your drink for just $15 bucks?  Get the 190 octane drink and add +2 shots of Everlcear (for an extra $2 bucks, or $1 a shot).  Share that between another person and you're guaranteed to stumble into your hotel room or get a great buzz before going to the club!  Fat Tuesday never disappoints!  (They also have locations in other casinos like Caesers too).The end of the drink is almost all Everclear so it's pretty much OVER for anyone who drinks it haha.
5	I bring my FT cup with me on every Vegas trip. One of the girls in my group had the same cup as me but it had a top w/straw. I made it my mission to get me a top. Get here I'm told that this particular cup is only sold at Caesars Palace FT. Ok whatever....Fill me up Peach Bellini and Amaretto and Pineapple w/1shots of Everclear; Please and Thank  you!
4	It was hella hot outside and I was on the whole strip crawl mid day, going outside and in.  For that I can now recommend the 24 oz party tumbler at FT which is double wall insulated.  I got the marg slush with an extra Cuervo test tube shot.  It was not overly alcoholic by my standards but quite adequate and stayed cold and frosty (even outside at 104F) in that special take home and re-useable sealed container. It is also refillable for $9 at any FT location.  The marg was a bit heavy on sweet and light on tart, accounting for the 1 star deduction.  The server was polite and informative and clear spoken. I am a satisfied customer.
5	If you're spending $15 for a  Coke & Rum during the day, you're not doing Vegas right. If you're spending $15 and are completely hammered afterwards, you probably just went to Fat Tuesday.For me, no Vegas trip is complete without coming here. There's no better way to keep your buzz going throughout the day than drinking a yard dog full of fruity goodness laced with some strong ass liquor. Beware, these babies sneak up on you, and when you realize it, it's too late to stop. Last time I got some Pimp Juice, which is a mix of a Hurricane and mango. Flavor wise, it was pretty good and had a very distinct taste compared to the rest. Apparently I missed out on the 190 Octane + 2 Everclear shots memo, but it's never too late to try it.Fat Tuesday always provides just the right combination of pure belligerency, flavor, and price that you can't beat anywhere on the strip.
5	Another perk of staying at the Elara is having Fat Tuesday that close to you. The first day we had the Big Stick with an extra shot. It is amazing how much it tastes like a big stick! The next day we had the bloody smurf minus the extra shot. I forgot what the mixes are but there is a menu where you can pick and choose. If you want to try it just ask them. They are really chill. You have to get one in the crazy heat! Get one to sip on and go gamble on the 1 cent slot machines. Way to enjoy the heat in a cool air conditioned area. -I'm sure you've had it one time in your life.
5	I'll make this short. Mostly because the amount of alcohol that one will drink because of how good the drinks are from Fat Tuesday will cause you to not remember your experience.I got something that was strawberry and pina colada. It was very large, and so tasty. Then I remember drinking it in the 100 degree weather. I remember slots, a water show,  deciding that I was going to send the naked girl business cards to my family for Christmas, and then it was morning. Why does Vegas allow me to WALK AROUND with the alcohol in a cup that is longer than the length of my arm?After all was said and done. I took my big ass glass and did the same thing the next day on refills and $1.00 extra shots. That's all I've got.My 'infamous one-sentence' review of Fat Tuesday."What.... happened?"
5	$15 bucks to get train wrecked for the whole night and you get a novelty cup to show your friends how much of a fruitcake you are? I'm in.190 octane plus 2 shots of 151 (or do they use Everclear? Who cares, AMIRITE?) will be more than sufficient. Did I mention the extra shots are only a buck each?Make sure you mix it up real good. If you don't, you'll be chugging pure 151 towards the end.
5	We went again -  this time I got the Bellini one...with no extra shots, just regular ol' drink. Delicious! Better tasting the 190 Octane + two shots. My friends...to say the least, are crazy.
5	Wanna get plastered off sweet and girly margaritas by the yard? Check.Wanna be one of those people walking down the strip with their obnoxiously long bottles? Check.Want extra shots of 151 for $1 each? Check.Want cheap refills so you can do it all over again? Check.You get the idea. There's never any regrets with Fat Tuesdays... hangovers and brain freeze included for free. There are several locations on the Strip but this one inside Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile is the one I frequent the most. Also located inside MGM Grand, Caesar's Forum Shops, Imperial Palace, Mandalay and Stratosphere. Happy drinking!
5	I save my cup and come back every time I'm in Vegas :)
5	Got their strawberry daiquiri. Bomb. Next time I'm adding like 15 shots for $1 each.
3	On my first trip I bought the yard stick and half way in I was stuffed and uncomfortable.  Now I have my plastic mug that I get discounted refills on and just add the $1 shots because there really isn't much alcohol in the slushy drinks by themselves.  If you are a AAA member get a coupon book at Ceasars palace information booth and they have a coupon in there to use for your drink.
5	Who goes to Vegas and doesn't get a fat tuesday?- Get the Yard- Get the extra shot- Drink all of it - If you don't drink all of it use it as chase for the night :)Friendly staff. Kinda strong drinks - depends on the flavor you get. I like the strawberry margarita. I always get the extra shotI love the shirts! I will def get one next time. They read: "Came on vacation, left on probation"
5	Delicious drinks, with an extra shot for $1? Yes, please.  I go to Vegas for work conventions every year, and my coworkers always seem to find me stumbling somewhere in the near vicinity of Fat Tuesday's...
4	Great daiquiris. Just don't have a yard glass just before you needed to go to bed. Soo much sugar!!
3	I've never had one before so I decided to follow the masses. Sugary drinks aren't really my thing but fuck it. I had the mango one and was satisfied. I didn't go hogwild and get the one that looks like a bucket but honestly I wouldnt get another one. Belvedere all the way. :)
4	Having never been to vegas to drink my friends took me here and boy oh boy was I in for a treat.I'm not much of a drinker but taking the advice that the only way to really experience vegas is to constantly drink. After getting Lobster Me next door I came over here to get a yard stickthe cool thing i like about here is the samples and how they served it, how unique and their service phenomenal, being patient and informative anyways i opted for the 190 octane its kind of strong but man it was good, get it with an extra shot or maybe even two and it'll definitely be differentother then that i couldn't explain the taste but all i could remember was next time i come back i guess i'll get another one
4	A trip to Vegas doesn't seem complete without one of these boozed up frozen treats.  While it's nice to walk that fine line between tourist and local, there is nothing local about walking up and down the strip with ginormous cup of alcoholic slurpee. With that said, I've been going to Vegas for years and love exploring off the strip to realize there is more to this city than hotels and casinos.  But I am also reminded of the foolishness that awaits with that first visit to Fat Tuesday as well.
5	The epitome of my Vegas diet. I love you Fat Tuesday.Seriously though, if I go to Vegas, and I leave without getting a Fat Tuesday.. something just doesn't feel right.Bellini is the way to goooo... if you're a little wuss who wants something that tastes good and gives little to no effect. LOL, I am a wuss and I love me some bellini. Like seriously, it tastes like peach champagne blended up, nomnomnom. But if you wanna be adventurous, add a few shots, mix it with hurricane or 190 octane, drink it real fast, and you might end up with a brain freeze but you'll be reeeal happy.
4	Awesome! The Peach Bellini here is quite good. The only think I'm not happy with is that when they give you extra shots, it comes in upside down test tubes and you have to empty them out to actually get the alcohol. If you don't they just float on top until the bottom and none of the alcohol comes out until the end.Came here twice on my last trip to Vegas. I also got a 190 Octane which was quite strong.
5	Always. This is a Las Vegas staple. 190 Octane + 2 shots of everclear. Trust me.
3	tasty blended alcohol combos.they come in ridiculous sizes (i mean, a life sized guitar?!) blended drinks are just so filling, i cant imagine finishing that thing hahamoderately strong so they get the job done.and $1 jello shots? deal.and $1 *motherpucker shooters? another deal*mix of puckers and everclear (aka freaking strong booze that ive never heard of til now. kind of causes a slight burning sensation in the mouth area) haha
5	My goodness - how much I appreciate Fat Tuesday and its bang for your buck!Being a guy, we definitely know how much it costs for a trip in Vegas - expensive for buffet foods, cover for nightclubs, no open bar opportunities, and expensive drinks at the club...Fat Tuesday is the savior.~$14 for the typical large size, $10 for a refill, $1 extra shots - it's great. My choice was the "Pineapple Express" w/ 2 shots. It's a combination of Amaretto & Pineapple with 180 Octane. Definitely gives you a significant buzz throughout the day. I'm pretty surprised at how tasty these are but how much alcohol can be in there too...it's quite awesome to say the least.Tip: Perhaps not the best idea to race...tried that with my group of friends. There were about nine of us with Fat Tuesday's - I was last to get mine and first to finish in about 45 mins. Oh boy..*shakes head*
5	This place Is a must when I'm in Vegas. I came here with my friend on our last night in Vegas. I got a Bellini and she got an 190 octane with an extra shot. Since I cant stand the taste and smell of alcohol, the Bellini was perfect for me. A couple of hours after my friend had the octane, she was wasted.  So beware about getting the 190 octane wih an extra shot.
4	I got a margarita here that was excellent but the location isnt as good as the one at cesars palace. i did not get an extra shot but next time im getting  a hurricane.
4	Hurricane + Mango = best combo ever! I love fat tuesday and their $1 shots is a steal! Love going here whenever we go to Vegas.
5	This place is great right next to Harrahs and across the street from Ceasars Palace. Its always crowed inside and outside. Hubby loved his drinks huge drinks for $14. You can add a shot to your drink too for an extra $ or 2.
5	First time at Fat Tuesday last week. I plan to make a visit to Fat Tuesday as part of my every future Las Vegas visit.  I walked in and asked the server what her recommendation was. I think it was called the Magnum ( I could be wrong). I got the $14 large size. The drink was refreshing and kept me happy all night. $14 is a good deal. I asked her if I should get the $1 shot and she said I don't need it. The drink was strong enough. She was right. It was perfect. I finished the whole thing in 20 mins. This would be the best thing to do before you go clubbing in vegas. I'll never buy a drink inside a club again whenever there is a Fat Tuesday around
4	Flirty daiquiri maker and extra shots for $1...what more can you really ask for?! I'm not big on sweet fruity drinks so was glad that a Bloody Mary was an option...it proved to be tangy and spicy without being over-the-top peppery.
4	Fat Tuesdays is one of the better places to get your frozen drink fix...and they actually have liquor in them! Plus you can get an extra shot for $1. I recommend the Hurricane! Be aware.... These do catch up to you and you'll be intoxicated before you realize it! There are several locations on the strip making it easy to get your discounted refill!  Miracle Mile, Forum Shops, Mandalay Bay (those are the ones I've been to but there are about 3-4 more locations)
5	I can't take a trip to Vegas and NOT have a couple Fat Tuesdays while I'm there. I'm completely addicted and I can't wait to go back soon! My favorite blend is half mango/half bellini - I love how you can barely taste the alcohol but still get super drunk off of it! Extra shots are only $1 each so I always get those too! There's a few different locations throughout the Strip, and the prices are different at some locations. My favorite location is this one - the one inside Planet Hollywood. Be sure to save the bottles - it's a few dollars cheaper to get refills.
4	Can't go to Vegas without getting one of these bad boysssss!
5	LOVEEE FAT TUESDAYS! Oh man! Fat Tuesdays always = a great time!They basically sell spiked slurpee's, if you like to get buzzed without experiencing the nasty hard liquor taste, try Fat Tuesdays! FYI as others mentioned, extra shots in your drink are only a $1. How can you go wrong??
4	YAY for Fat Tuesdays! The name is actually spot on ... as it will make you fatter on Tuesdays than on any other day!!Anyway - this place is great for daiquiris with a good kick to em. The Hurricane/Eye Candy mix is my favorite (even though it turns brown when you don't drink it fast enough - WARNING DO NOT DRINK TOO FAST - BRAIN FREEZE IS NOT WORTH IT - BROWN LIQUIDS NEED LOVE TOO). Anyway ... I tried the famous 44 Magnum (supposed to get you drunk faster) but the 190 Octane in it has gin and doesn't taste good to me. Feel free to try all the different flavors ... mango and electric lemonade are also pretty good (though don't have much alcohol in them - not to worry though, add a shot to any drink for just $1). Oh, and don't throw your cups away --- refills are cheaper and you can find several of these on the strip!And the bartenders are all actually pretty cool ... and sometimes give you unwanted, yet still really useful, life advice.
5	the lines are always long, but thats because its just so freakin good. Beware of the bellini... I got wasted off of half a yard! Half yard costs $13 I think and a refill is $10. My favorite is the bellini but I've also tried the amoretto. The amoretto tastes good in moderation. We made the mistake of getting a whole half yard and couldn't finish it because it got too bitter. My vegas is never complete without a trip to a Fat Tuesday!
5	whooop whoooop whoooop whoooop whooooop!Fat Tuesdays= fat smiles & weak liver!The drink combos and flavors are sooo good- whooop whoooop!Bring the empty cup back and get a discount on your next refill...kind of like a Starbucks! But they ain't serving coffee here!whoooop whooooop
4	$1 Jello Shots...Sure why not...Made me feel like I was in college again.  I was surprised that they were made quite strong and a generous portion.  Get at least the basic yard, it's totally worth the money.  Only $15 for two jello shots and a yard.  Had the Eye Candy and Strawberry mix and it was really good.  It wasn't as strong as I wanted and I guess for the kick I should have added the extra shot to it.  Lesson learned...Next time!Of all the places to get a yard...you have to go to Fat Tuesday.  They have by far the best choices, service and the best prices.  I can't wait to be back!
5	You can't go wrong with any of the Fat Tuesday's on The Strip.  We've hit them all from The Stratosphere down to Mandalay Bay.  If you woke up thinking "it's 5 o'clock somewhere" and decide to celebrate early, pick a cup that's sufficiently obnoxious and top it off with a "44 Magnum" and an extra shot... or two.  That'll kick-start the day with two of FT's strongest blends, 190 & 151.  Then I'd move onto any blend that has Cat-5 Hurricane (151), shot optional.  Coast into the evening with something light and tasty, but skip the 190, Cat-5, and shots.  Make sure to wrap up the heavy drinking by 10pm, especially if you sneek in a comp'ed beer or two and you'll be sufficiently lit till midnight.  Keep the cup for discounted refills, hydrate before bed, and prepare to conquer another day.  I have my Yard Dog chained up for future trips to LV.What I described above would work for any casual-drinking middle-aged dude sportin' 240-ish.  Feel free to make adjustments if you're a supermodel or Captain Morgan.
5	There are many locations on the Las Vegas strip for a Fat Tuesday, but I like this particular location because it is inside the Miracle Mile Shop (next to a lot of food places). However, because of its location they can get quite busy and lines can be really long! They do have many flavors to choose from and you can add extra shots if you want yours stronger.My friend and I got the pina colada/mango Fat Tuesday! Liked it a lot, very refreshing and its just what we needed while walking around the strip!!!Fat Tuesday also gives you a discount on your refill! If I were you I'd just ask for the extra shot, on the first purchase!5/5 Recommended!
4	Delicious and alcoholic :) Two friends and I split the yardlong, and the bartender said it was the equivalent of 12 shots; we ended up adding 3 more, and even though we did feel a little buzz from it, it's not *that* strong (if it were, I'd be gone!!). Good drink though and great for sharing and walking along the strip on a hot day!
4	- There are various sizes, I got the $13 yardstick.- Flavors are mixable: I liked the 44 octane and mango. Ask for samples :)- Go for the extra shot ($1 for house liquor, $3 for premium?)!- You can get refills at a discount, make sure to snag a $1 off coupon too! Keep the cup, and take it with you all weekend - some buffets will allow you to take it in. - 6 locations: Caesar's, Mandalay, MGM, Planet Hollywood, Imperial Palace, Stratosphere.
5	Why does all that crazy stuff happen in Vegas? Fat Tuesday.
4	This is a must try especially when you go to vegas! At least try it with a friend. You will get buzzed in no time. Suggestion is also to get an extra shot which is only $1 extra The best flavor I have tried is the strawberry and pina colda mixed together! Most of the flavors mixed together is pretty good. Another flavor that is good is the big stick.They also have jello shots if you ask!
5	Usually one of our first stops right after we arrive! You can sample whichever flavors your interested in and they let you mix as many flavors as you want! It's a pretty tasty buzz and you can even add an additional shot for $1. Perfect! Some locations will give you a $1 off card that you can use on your next purchase. I usually just bring my cup back to save a few bucks, since it's cheaper when you get a refill.
5	add a shot of EVER CLEAR. you'll be done for the night. TRUST. make sure you get the peachtree bellini and the 190 octane! this place is special to me because it is the first place i officially got carded!WOO HOO FOR BEING 21!!!!!
5	I Love Fat Tuesday's!!! If your in Vegas you must grab a 99 octane, hurricane or both as a 44 Magnum. Be sure to add a few extra shots of everclear and 151 rum for only $1 more. Best deal in vegas!!!
5	I LOVE THAT HURRICANE/OCTANE MIX. Seriously, how come I never review any of my Vegas outings? Anyways...I recommend reusing someone else's Fat Tuedays container (no its not gross, the alcohol kills the germs. Just rinse the container) and get the $10 refills on the yard size one. The yard size with hurricane octane gets me super happy for the rest of the afternoon. So worth $10! The hurricane octane is the strongest mix, with 151 in it! It's so good. How? The alcohol and smoothie blend goes very well, strong but not bad enough that I get gag reflexes ( I always gag after taking a shot). I just down it till I get a brain freeze. MMM... Try the peach bellini, my friend got it and it tastes pretty good. Lots of combos to make, just ask the server. But you cannot go wrong with any blend. Everything tastes so good! Inside PH near Earl's sandwiches. A great drink to compliment your gambling, shopping, hanging with friends, walking down the strip, etc. Only $10 refills! WIN. I kept making good rolls on craps with my hurricane/octane. My new lucky charm!
5	Cheap, strong, frozen drinks? Sign me up!!!The pimp juice was PIMPIN' (LOL) and the service was friendly, letting us try them all. Unfortunately I was still out of it from EDC so I didn't get the yard stick, but a cup alone made me a happy camper and was the perfect solution to beat the heat!
5	Funny story, so I didn't know that Vegas doesn't follow the closed bottle rule on alcohol, and when I saw people walking around with these "Fat Tuesday"cups with (what I thought at the time was) slurpees, I was super excited. I LOVE slurpees. I went in and ordered myself a nice mango flavor in a tumbler. I found it odd why I was being carded, but I didn't question it. When I got it, I took one sip expecting to taste the most delicious mango slurpee in the world only to find it tasted like pure alcohol. It was quite a surprise. I say the drink had 3 shots in it (mine tasted stronger than my friends' drinks). Anyway, the tumblr cup is awesome, I use it for my iced coffee now when I go to work. Great price for the amount of alcohol you get, highly recommend coming here.FYI, if you don't like the drinks strong, I'd be cautious of getting a drink here. It was really hot outside, and you end up having this love-hate relationship with your drink: you don't want to drink it because it's strong and you don't want to get drunk at noon, but you're also melting away in the heat and taking a sip of the drink is the only thing that will keep you sane and cool.
5	100 oz for only $36 and extra shots for a dollar extra? Count me in!This was one of the places that I have heard about that was a MUST GO when you're in Vegas. This Fat Tuesday location is located in the shopping area of Planet Hollywood. From what I've heard, the drinks were basically alcoholic slurpees.My friends and I came here on our first night around 9pm after eating at the Wicked Spoon. My girlfriend and I decided to go big and go for the biggest size, the 100 oz. It comes with its own carrying strap because, yes, it really is pretty heavy. We got the Peach Bellini with an extra shot of 151. It was really good, although slightly on the sweet side. Drinking it was a struggle; 100oz worth is A LOT. We both got pretty buzzed off of it.One of my friends got the Yard stick size (I believe it was $13) and added 8 EXTRA SHOTS. Needless to say, he was quite gone after that. I will definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas. I want to mix flavors! I hear the Octane and strawberry with anything else was a good mix.
4	I crave this on a hot day, especially walking around vegas in that heat!They have a selection of sizes for the drinks and I usually just get the size that's about 12-18 dollars, because that's big enough! and you get to keep the bottle and just refill for cheaper the next time you want one! My favorite mix is the bellini which has a nice peachy taste to it with the mango! It was so refreshing and you could taste a little bit of the alcohol. It was sooo good :) I also really liked their hurricane flavor. If you want an extra shot, it's only a dollar unless you want some of the premium liquors then it's about 3 dollars depending on what brand. Definitely go here if you're craving a drink :D
4	Tryna have a good time ASAP?! 44 Magnum + 2 extra shots.You'll definitely be on a good level while enjoying Vegas.*warning if yo dont wanna experience flavored vodka i guess sticking with one extra shot will still give you some level.Eh, felt like customer service was whatever. seemed a bit rude serving but its understandable to those who wanna just have fun .
5	The cheapest buzz in Vegas!For $14, you get a plastic glass of alcoholic slush that is nearly as big as you are sitting down. You also get to sample all the flavors you want and mix them as well. I got the 190 Octane, which was the orange concoction that I later found out had everclear in it. Well, that explains why I passed out right after lunch.You can also come back for refills for a few bucks less. It's definitely worth, definitely delicious, and definitely strong. You won't regret it!Oh, and you can add an extra shot for a dollar, but you probably won't need it! They're pretty strong already.
5	Always a 5. If you're ever going to get a yard stick filled with alcohol you're best bet for a quick buzz is Fat Tuesday! Mango & Strawberry is the way to go!
5	You can never go wrong with Fat Tuesday!!!Its a must that you get a couple of Fat Tuesdays in when in Vegas! Don't forget your extra shot for $1. Best $1 spent right? I got a mix of mango and pineapple. Oh em gee super delicious and I was really buzzed after. I always look forward to Fat Tuesday when i go to Vegas.
5	Perfect treat for walking on the Vegas strip, Great Drinks on a Hot Summer day!
4	I finally got to try the famous Fat Tuesday!!There are a bunch of locations for Fat Tuesday but the one in PH was the closest since it's right across from the Bellagio! They check ID before they even let you up to the counter so have your identification ready to go or else you'll be holding everyone up. The line wasn't long at all so we didn't even have to wait that long. It was kind of hard to see the menu while we were in line though, and when we got up to the bar the guy expected us to know what we wanted so we felt kind of rushed. Since this was our first time we went simple and got the Strawberry Yard Dog ($11) which was a LOT for the two of us to finish. I'm glad we didn't get the extra shot either because you could totally taste the rum in the normal slush; it was subtle but after awhile it was kicking our butt, and we liked the flavor of the strawberry anyway so no need to ruin it with more alcohol haha Drinking the slush while walking down the Vegas Strip was very refreshing, but unfortunately it was so hot out that the drink melted really fast. Once it became liquidy it didn't taste as good so I'd recommend staying inside if you want your drink to keep its slushy consistency. However, I'd still come back and try more flavors, and now that I have my own container I can just come back for a refill!!
4	Easy to get your drank on.  They fill you up.  Basically $15 since it's $14 for a yard long drink and then $1 tip.  Everyone gets the same thing (the most alcohol one - 180 Octane and something else).
4	They accomodate almost however you want it! You can get drunk and walk the streets in Vegas with this!
5	Slurpees + Alcohol = Crazy Drunk FunSo I'm the type of girl that likes things pretty big. That goes for the portion sizes of foods and drinks as well (get your mind out of the gutter).Upon arriving at Fat Tuesday in the shopping area of Planet Hollywood, I was so excited that I already knew what size I wanted to get. I ended up going big and hard by ordering the 100 oz. Peach Bellini for $36 and an extra shot of 151 for $1. It was already around 9:30pm and we were extremely full from eating at Wicked Spoon (an AYCE buffet) that we decided that it would be a good time to fill our stomachs up with some fruity alcoholic slurpees. I also tried the other flavors that my friends got, but I thought that the Peach Bellini was my favorite :P The 100 oz. is EPIC. It came with it's own carrying strap that you can wrap around your neck just in case you get tired of carrying it. And trust me, not only was it a struggle to finish the 100 oz. but it got pretty heavy. It literally felt like I was lifting dumbbells and getting buzzed at the same time. I'd have to say that's pretty awesome that you're able to get a good workout in while having a good time ;)What's also cool about getting the 100 oz. is that we get to keep it forever. So whenever I get Vegas/Fat Tuesday withdrawals, I can pull out the 100 oz. and fill it up with alcohol and 7-11 slurpees. Don't worry, I am not an alcoholic. Definitely try this place when you are in Vegas and worth coming back to as well!
4	Peach Bellini. That is all.Kinda pricey for syrup, ice, and a bit of alcohol but hey its vegas right!?Must try at least once. ^__^
4	Slurpees are the perfect way to combat the Vegas heat.. And if they also have some alcohol in them, I guess you can call yourself a multitasker. :) it's a little too sweet for me, but adding an extra shot or two makes it perfect!
4	When we got to the Planet Hollywood Fat Tuesday, two of my friends got the mango/strawberry and Pina Colada/Mango. We walked over to Caesar's to get some more Fat Tuesday's(Mango/Strawberry and Hurricane/Mango) and the Caesar's Fat Tuesdays were way stronger than the ones at Planet Hollywood. You can taste the alcohol after each sip at Caesar but the one at Planet Hollywood was barely distinguishable. I don't know if it was just a less concentrated batch that Planet Hollywood made that day or if Caesar just makes them stronger since it is in a more hidden location.(Across from Nike, next to Cheesecake Factory) All in all, Fat Tuesday makes tasty slushie drinks and you can even bring your old cup to get a refill at a cheaper price.
5	This place is great . Went to the one in Planet Hollywood. They let you try samples so you can choose the best flavor for your pallet. I highly recommend the strawberry daiquiri plus an extra shot for $1.
4	If you're looking for something sweet and alcohol, you might wanna try this ! Peach Bellini, strawberry and electric lemonade are the best! Pricey, but its VEGAS! Need to try it if you're ok with fruity slush. Probably won't get buzzed or drunk off of it, but its pretty nice to have if its hot!
4	Popular for a reason. The drinks are good and it really puts you in the mood in Vegas.
4	Came here because I was told it was the best place to get your Vegas slrupie! I got the strawberry daiquiri and my boyfriend got the hurricane. We both enjoy them and had a grate time just walking around  with these in hand. My only complain was my drink wasn't as strong as my boyfriends. Next time I'll ask to same a few samples before deciding on a flavor or add a shot for an extra $1 dollar. Will come back on my next Vegas trip !
5	WHERE IT ALL STARTED.............. First time here was about two year ago.My wife and I were looking for a good place to eat. We ended up finding Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood. While walking around the mall we found Fat Tuesday. We weren't really sure what to expect but said what the heck. We were shocked how good the drinks were. Customer service is excellent as well. Fat Tuesday and Earl of Sandwich = winning combination!
4	Fat Tuesdays is a ritual with me and my friends.Land.Check-in. Drop your ish. get to Fat Tuesdays. Peach Belliniiiiiiso delicious and doesn't really get me buzzed.We always try to go more than once but it never happens though for some reason. Too lazy/ hungover the rest of the days? meh.Anyways the drinks themselves are suuuper sweet so watch out for the sugar hangover.
5	A Vegas classic - a great place to start, because if you come here at the end of your night it's gonna be a bad time. The extra $1 shots are definitely worth it, but even more than that is having a flask of rum nearby so you can add your own (I'm such a skeptic that I figured they watered the booze down...I could also just be an alcoholic). Pretty much all of the flavors are delicious...it's 100% sugar, what do you expect? Peach, mango, pina colada, strawberry, orange, there's pretty much something for everyone. Keep the cup and return for cheaper refills during your time in Vegas. Compared to the $$$ you'll drop in the bars, $10-$20 isn't a bad place to start for a fun drink you'll always remember. Already looking forward to next time! :-)
4	Who doesn't like a walk up bar in a shopping mall? If you don't you're a communist. This is the place I go to get a long island with a shot of everclear. That will put you in a good mood real quick.GO KINGS!
5	It's an Icee with alcohol in it. They give you a big yard for a higher price and then you can keep bringing it back for $12 refills. They have all sorts if flavors to satisfy anyone's taste buds. There is already alcohol in the Icee but they offer extra shots for $1 a piece after they pour your drink. I for 2-3 each time because it's a good deal. It's 151 too which will mess you up and be totally worth a drunk day on the strip. Mango berry is by far my favorite combination. You won't be disappointed. Go get this. It was winter time and I was still sipping on this. Honey Badger don't care.
4	Now, this is my idea of a Slurpee! Recently left to my own devices on the Vegas strip, I had two goals in mind: gamble away the afternoon, and try a frozen daiquiri. After unexpectedly taking $167 from a penny slot - trust me, I'm just as surprised as you are - I decided I wanted to leave Vegas a winner for a change. Which meant I had several hours to kill before my ride arrived. My solution? The Miracle Mile at Planet Hollywood, the coolest and most outlandish shopping mall I've ever seen. We're talking indoor thunderstorms and giant plastic showgirls. Plus, this oasis of neon-swirled frozen cocktails calling my name. First off, I am not used to this type of thing. Booze in a shopping mall? There's no such thing where I come from! I couldn't get to the front of the line fast enough. Fat Tuesday offers a variety of flavors in various sized containers. I settled on the Party Tumbler, which at $15 was not cheap, but it was a generous 32 oz. and refills were five bucks less, so I had them fill it up with a bright red Hurricane, then nursed that puppy for the next hour, enjoying a slowly-building buzz. And then, what the hell, I went ahead with the $10 refill. I tried the Eye Candy, but decided it was a little too sweet, so opted once again for the Hurricane. As I sat there and people-watched, I noticed many patrons getting mixtures of various drinks to create their own custom layered combinations. Great idea! I'll definitely try that next time. Two Hurricanes, it turns out, were more than enough. At least if I wanted to remember the rest of my time on the Strip.
5	This is the best way to enjoy Las Vegas.I highly recommend getting a giant one, walking around, and just take in Las Vegas. I've tried many flavors but I just love the mango.Get more shots for only $1: you can even get Everclear shots! Be careful.
4	Oh the joy and thrill of hanging out with newly 21 year olds and taking them to their first Fat Tuesday!  Hahahaha,  it's been soooooo long since I had one of these and a sip of these made me reminisce about my younger days.  This is a must try!  Skip out on all the other alcoholic slurpee-like places and come here instead.  Super recommended!It's tasty and even sharing a Yarddog with someone else will get your buzz going!  I always recommend adding an extra shot as it's only a $1 so doooooo it!  I've tried several flavors, but I always end up back to my default with the Mango and Strawberry.  But more mango than strawberry for me!  After you're done and craving some more, rinse it out and bring it back.  You get a couple $s off if you do.  c:Careful about that daytime hangover though!  Hahaha.
4	Gotta get a Fat Tuesday when you are in Vegas :D I usually go to the one in Planet Hollywood (and eat it with my Earls!), but there are 6 locations in total on the Strip! You can definitely ask for samples, so don't be shy! The Yard size (about 32 oz.) is $14. Save your cup to get a $11 refill! Peach Bellini (peach schnapps and champagne!) - I added one more shot to my drink, since I was sharing with a friend ($1/shot). Go for this slushie if you're feeling like a girly or fruity drank! Enjoy!
5	yummmy!!! who doesnt like fat tuesday right?i love them.  always get my fix everytime im in sin city.  i love the mixture they have- im a huge fan of pina colada thats why.  bring your fat tues cup from ur previous trip and get a refill for $5 less.  they have locations all around the strip.its a must try and of couse- ask for sample b4 u buy if u like.
5	we got the Bellini half yard stick!! We loved it !!! The taste was great! It was sweet and cold! I definitely recommend  it - there are a lot of locations for you to get a drink from. The refill prices are better and save you money
5	There are plenty of these on the strip.  We went all out with the octane plus shots.  Get plenty of shots to add ($1) and have a blast.  Keep your yard drink cups for discounted refills.
5	Yummy drinks ! First time coming and defiantly will be back , the drinks are cheap and taste awesome and add a shot for a $1 . The bartender was friendly and funny! I recommend "pain in the ass " and "bloody smurf" :)
5	Best place for huge fun drinks! They refill any cup and every person we've encountered here has been a fun, knowledgable bartender. They are helpful and low maintenance, playing to the customers' wishes - everything I expect Mardi Gras in a cup to be.
5	This location is in the Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood. I prefer it because it is in a central location in Vegas and isn't too deep into the Miracle Mile. The Fat Tuesday at the Forum Shops of Cesar's Palace is ALL the way at the end that I dislike it. I would recommend the 190 Octane, as that is all you need to get. Strongest drink and dericious! 190 proof along with OJ mmmm
5	GO HERE! This place sells the infamous 100yd Fat Tuesday slushie that will definitely make your stay at Las Vegas. I always try new things but so far my favorite is the Big Stick with 3 extra shots of ever clear, gets the job done!
5	Do you love sweet drinks?  Do you wanna get drunk?  Then what are you waiting for?  Get your ass to Fat Tuesday, ask for samples or suggestions to find your flavor, let them hook you up and leave a nice tip. What more can you say?Fat Tuesday has the best daiquiri in Las Vegas.  They've got the best flavors, the best mixture, the best consistency and the best bang-for-the-buck deals for you alcoholics out there. Trust me, I've tried other daiquiris in the city - the others all sucked, Fat Tuesday just gets it right.This location in Miracle Mile / Planet Hollywood was great. If you're lucky you'll always have short lines and MOST IMPORTANTLY, machines that have the drink sufficiently frozen....and why not, get the extra shot. You're in Vegas.
4	I partied like a Rockstar all over Vegas with my "44 Magnum" in my hand. When I got here the line wasn't long. There were just some large parties ahead of me. Later, I was next person to order and I turn around, the line behind me got really long! For a moment there, I felt all the Vegas groupies followed their Rockstar to this spot. Indeed, Fat Tuesday just gotten Fat Saturday on that day. Before I ordered, I asked to sample a "190 Octane" it is considered their top seller. This flavor combines orange juice and orange flavors with 190 Grain Spirits. It was actually very good! The chick at the bar was friendly and even explained about their other popular drinks, I even tipped her. The Hurricane has been my favorite flavor everywhere I go. It's rum with tropical juices. Also, I see that you can mix more than one flavor in a daiquiri drink. I'm in Rockstar status! So I went with the 44 Magnum. Its two flavors: 190 Octane and Hurricane put together. I wanted to downplay the sweetness and have it a notch stronger, for a dollar more I added an extra shot. It was in Yard Dog size and second to the tallest drink they offer. The drink was what I've asked for: strong, smooth, sweet. Normally, daiquiri drinks don't get me buzzed but this blend did kicked in quick! and It added a "pep in my step" in that SinCity Swag! Located in the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood. It's the most popular Fat Tuesday location, due to its central location on the Vegas strip. Like they say "Fuel the Party!" So why not? party like a Rockstar!
5	So I was on my way to get my vanilla cafe--- BUT I saw how long and jumpin the line was to this place and I said F@ck the coffee-- let me see what all the hype is about... I got the tumbler with the extra shot -and it was perrfect!  Treat yourself to a nice perfectly boozed up slushy! Slurp away...
5	can anyone tell me what is in a "now & later" fat tuesday.?
5	Start your day off with a Fat Tuesday! This place is amazing! Next time I go to Vegas, the first thing I'm going to get is a Fat Tuesday. They offer a variety of selections and this is perfect sippin' on a hot day while exploring the strip or gambling. Extra shot for a dollar? Yes please!
5	Long overdue review but these drinks are no joke.  The extra everclear shot in the 190 octane was my copilot during my Vegas trip.  Can't wait to go back!
4	aaah love coming here!  The Pimp Juice and Peach Bellini are my fave.  Get an extra shot with your concoction, it's def worth it!Also, you can bring back your refill cups and get refills at a discount.  But make sure they give you the discount cos I've gotten jipped at another location before.
4	Wow, getting wasted on a10.00 drink. Freaking good time had by all.  Definitely the place to get your drink on.
5	Fat Tuesday, Fat Tuesday... Every amazing vegas trip I've had has been fueled by your awesomeness. The only advice I need to give: don't chicken out, get the 190 Octane and step up and add a $1 for that extra shot!
5	After writing a review for Earl's, it's only obligatory I write a review about the other most infamous spot for people ages 21-26 in Vegas. It is always the first spot my friends and I hit when we're in Vegas. 190 Octane + some extra shots! Yee! Let me just say though, getting a Fat Tuesday can either be the best time you'll have OR a blackout in a tube. It really depends on how big of a tube you get and how many extra shots you add. I don't blame them though because it's only $1/shot. Who can pass that up? Especially if we're young and stupid right? haha 50oz + 2 extra shots is always the perfect way to start my Vegas trips without me getting too effed up before the night clubs. If you're with a fat group, I would recommend getting the largest tube and share it with all your friends. Beware of brain freezes! :|
4	You can't make a trip to Vegas without "recharging" every day with at least one of these iconic drinks. My best advice is to get the classic Yard Dog (32oz) size -- if you're looking for high alcohol content, your answer lies in the 44 Magnum: a mix of Hurricane and 190 Octane. It might not be as tasty as some of the other flavors, but you'll get the best bang for your buck! I also recommend adding an extra shot (only $1!). Of course, all the flavors are delicious if you don't care about how much alcohol there is, but my second choice is always Pina Colada, Mardi Gras Mash, or Margarita with added salt on the top of the cup.**NOTE** I would highly advise against buying anything with more volume than the Yard Dog unless you're splitting it with one or more people. I'm not questioning the volume you can drink, only the speed -- you do not want a melted daiquiri on your hands. It's disgusting. All the workers here are so, so lighthearted and do their best to make you laugh. I've never seen a single worker at Fat Tuesday without a smile on their face.The worst aspect about this place is that because of its great location (in the Miracle Mile shops), it's the most popular Fat Tuesday in Vegas -- and the line can get incredibly long. However, they do try to make it as efficient as possible by making sure you have your ID out at the front of the line. If you're waiting with friends, it shouldn't take too long to get your drink. This should go for all of Vegas, but don't forget your ID! They only accept certain forms of identification, so if you have an ID card from another country, it's safest to just bring your passport. **TIP** Bring back your old container and save a few bucks on your next drink! For the Yard Dog (32oz), a regular drink is $14, and the discounted price is $11.
5	Fat Tuesday was one my favorite frozen drink spot in Vegas. It's nothing better than a frozen drink on a sizzling hot Las Vegas day. The staff was energetic and down to earth. We were able to sample different flavors. Shots are reasonably priced for your frozen drinks. Fat Tuesday drinks are flavorful and strong. The line can be long at certain times throughout the day (moves fast). Fat Tuesday is a good choice for frozen drinks in Las Vegas!
5	LOVE fat tuesday!! Honestly, this is a must for Vegas. They have locations all over the strip, which is convenient. This one is located inside the miracle mile shops in Planet Hollywood. They're all good locations, but this one is a little nicer since the shopping mall is nice. Since these are frozen drinks it's pretty easy to get full off of these quick. But you can get extra shots added to your drink for $1 more... and you can get as many as you want!! So, I usually get the yard dog size which is 32 oz. and add three or four extra shots to it! You get a bunch of alcohol without having to keep buying more of these drinks. You do get discounted refills with your cup, but these are strong and filling so you probably won't even want another refill till the next day. You might think that since it's coming out of a machine it's diluted and watered down... Nope! These are strong drinks.  My favorite is the 190 octane.The employees are always nice here as well. And tip these guys! They work very quick and help make your Vegas experience awesome.
5	Fat Tuesday was the single best thing in Vegas. They are spread over the entire strip and offer the best prices on frozen drinks. Get a yard long plastic cup and use that to fill up all weekend for cheap. They also sell amazing $1 jello shots and have some of the best flavors on the strip. This is definently a must if your looking to have a good time at Vegas.
4	Went to my First Fat Tuesday yesterday. The lines was long so we waited for a bit, since there was only one person serving. Another guy arrived a little later but sat to eat, assuming him break time.. Anyways, the employee who helped us was friendly. My husband got a 1000 yard cup -$36, and I got a travel's cup- $15. My husband ordered the eye candy which consists of Bacardi 151 and i got Mango with two extra shots of Bacardi 151. The drinks were very good and extra shots are only $1! Although the wait was long, and got even longer when we left I highly recommend this place! There is many locations along the strip, they accept card which is always a plus! The drinks are so good, and simply a cheap way to get tipsy! A must go to place
5	How could you not love this place. It's happiness in a huge frozen gallon of goodness. We wish we had these in Oklahoma.
5	A Vegas must!  The line looks super long, but it actually moves pretty fast.  I got a strawberry mango mix, and it was delicious and highly alcoholic.  Extra shots are $1.  The Yard Dog (32 oz) for $15 seems to be the most popular choice, and you get your drink in a cute test tube!
5	This is a must go for everybody 21 years and over! They have many flavors you can mix and match. Five stars for sure.
5	This is a must-go to while in Vegas! This time I tried the Pineapple & Amaretto and it was great! Bring back your cup and get discounted re-fills!
5	We knew this was a must for our Vegas experience! I shared a $14 Yard Dog with one of my friends. We ordered the Bellini and mixed a bit of Mango in there. It is so delicious! You can barely taste the alcohol! However, this is not a good thing. I chugged a good 1/3 of it and a really strong buzz hit me hard! Also, beware of brain freezes!The line seems to always be long for Fat Tuesday. However, the workers are fast. They are also super friendly and have a great sense of humor! You can also sample as many flavors as you want.You can add $1 per extra shot. They also have jello shots for $1 each. Bring your empty Yards back another day for discounted refills! I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas! It's great for walking around The Strip buzzed! ;)
5	my go-to combination: 190 Octane mixed with Strawberry
1	Bar tender at the Venetian location was super rude and really ruined the experience. If you are already drunk, maybe it wont matter, drinks were strong however and left us refreshed after a long day and aching feet.  Looking over the other reviews,I'm wishing we had gone to a different location.
5	If you're in Vegas, you have to go here.  And no excuses either with all of the locations they have!  And when you're done, bring your cup back for a discounted refill!  I know their most popular is the yard stick size, but I would recommend the car mug - so much more convenient to carry around + a little bigger ;)  Last time I went, I got the peach bellini + pina colada which was sooo tasty.  Admittedly, it's a little lighter (in alcohol) than their other flavors, so I just add a few of their $1 test tube shots for more fun!  So worth it.  No Vegas trip is complete without a fat tuesday.  And you can sample whichever flavors you want before ordering!Their line inside of planet hollywood can get pretty long, so it looks a little off putting, but let me reassure you that the line moves quite quickly!  Even if it seems to curve around the whole seating area!  I'd say the wait is maybe 10 minutes on average.
4	Mango and Strawberry is my favorite mix. You cant forget about the extra shots. Make sure to get at least 3. hahaha. Out of all the time I've been here, it had to be about my 7th time in vegas for one of the workers to tell me when to pull out the shot tubes and I was ever so grateful because i usually just keep tubes in there and at the end of cup, it's all shots and it's so gross. But this time, the shots got to mix in with the delicious frozen drink!
5	Great place to start the night. Mixes were great and you can keep the cup thing for refills later. The staff was great and the prices make sense. It's not exactly a bar, think of it as a walk by grab and go.
5	This is a must have whenever I stop by Vegas aka Sin City! A Fat Tuesday is perfect for any days in the week, despite its name... It's basically alcoholic ICEE or Slushy. Perfect on a hot day in the desert in Vegas! They have plenty of flavors like margarita, mango, pina colada,  hurricane, eye candy, etc. I am sure there's a flavor you will like and you can't go wrong with most of them. They offer tasting to see which ones you like.They have every size from a cup to 100oz yard (if you want to go that crazy and be gone at end of the day) priced from about $8-$36. Each additional shots of Everclear or 151 is an additional $1. Keep in mind, about a regular monster cup size already has about 4 shots. It's a creeper for sure! One time I was walking back to my hotel sipping my slurpee like I was so dehydrated/thirsty, by the time I got to my hotel room... my face was already red & realized I was pretty gone/buzz, LOL. HEAT + ALCOHOL = bad combination. Tips: DO NOT DISPOSE YOUR CUP! YOU CAN REUSE IT! So you can save about $4 and save the planet Earth, too. I even brought my cup back home. I make sure I bring my cup when I make a trip to Vegas because I know Fat Tuesday will the first stop! 5 extra shots, please!
5	It's pretty much a standard to go here when you are in Vegas. Especially during the summer where it will keep you "cool". I always get the .44 magnum with a couple shots. I recommend it if you want something slightly strong, and not too fruity
5	What can I say? It's like NOLA but it's not. But the drinks were strong and for Vegas probably not too over priced. Plenty of booze to keep me fueled for a day of... Well what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas so that's all you're getting from me.
5	Better than I would have thought. The drinks are great and service just as good. We bought 4 drinks in various sizes and cups and it was less than 50 bucks. I would go again.
5	Love the drinks and Katie! The drinks are strong and actually give you a nice buzz without making you sick off sugar like the other daiquiri places. Katie is one of their main bartenders and she's amazing! Very nice, friendly and smart! We will be back for more!!!
4	Pretty good place! I just hate once you are almost done with the drink and you add a extra shot it tastes horrible but does the trick to have a nice cool drink while walking the strip. Will definitely come back on my future Vegas trips
4	There's nothing quite like walking the Strip and getting a sudden brain freeze from a Fat Tuesday.This particular location is located in the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. It also is one of the more popular locations, so expect a wait.My cousins and I came by on a late Thursday afternoon, and there was no wait fortunately.I decided to grab their ".44 Magnum" (Hurricane and 190 Octane) with an extra shot in their Yard Dog size. I don't know if it was just because my alcohol tolerance was low or whatever, but whoa, did that give me a good buzz. And for $15, a pretty cheap one!Their .44 Magnum in particular has a mellow orange flavor. If you don't prefer a strong alcohol "flavor," I'd suggest straying from this flavor just because the alcoholic taste is pretty strong.However, if you're looking for a quicker buzz, definitely add that extra shot. It's only $1!Bartenders were pretty friendly. Before you reach them, the person checking IDs maintains the line from their station. They'll only let your party through once the bartender is done taking your order, so don't take TOO long. Like me. Heh.
4	Get an extra shot in the drink. Totally worth it and does the job.
5	Such yummy drinks and great prices! I would def. recommend stopping here if your on the strip!
4	Great drinks, quick service, perfect on those hot days on the Strip!We were hooked on to the drinks here during our stay in Vegas.....this should be officially made another of those must-visit locations on the Strip! :D
5	What a fun place! I got the yardstick.. I think the one called the "panty dropper" or something like that which was a mix of the fruit punch and bellini icees. I like the champagne one much better than the fruit punch flavor.My boyfriend and I split the small yardstick and i felt a good buzz from it which was great. i should have gone back for a refill, stupid me.Can't wait to go back here! ITS A MUST!
5	It's a must in Vegas.The staff is so friendly and let you mix and try any flavour before and after purchase even. Buy the medium size tumbler and keep reusing it. The bigger ones are neat, but you get sick of it after a while and its a mess to clean them out and try to use again.
5	absolutely loved this place...i love the fact that the vegas strip had alot of these places located on the strip...i got the red bull drink and it was good and did its justice...when we go back to vegas definitely hitting this place up!!!!
5	My fave drink place! My two faves together is amaretto & pineapple with strawberry and a shot of 151 rum! The way to go! Decent prices and for their refills compared to others! Will be back in an hour!! hahahaha
5	Fat Tuesday is mandatory for every Vegas trip. Delicious alcoholic slushies for day drinking, before, during and after all meals, and even for pre-fading!It looks cool and makes a great souvenir !!I do recommended adding at least one or two shots for $1 each!I always buy the Yard and its good enough to share between two people and gives me a good buzz. P.S. You can ask them to try out the flavors before you make a decision on which ones to choose!
5	I am always too "distracted" to write a review about Fat Tuesdays, so here it is. Fat Tuesdays is such a necessity when visiting Vegas, no matter which location you go to. All their options for souvenir cups and yard dogs and footballs to buy are very odd, but I suppose that creates a variety of choices. I love all their flavors, especially Peach Bellini and 190 Octane. I'm not a huge fan of the Eye Candy flavor because it turns my mouth blue, but everything else is delicious! Make sure to add an extra shot for $1 because it's totally worth it. I think it's worth buying a nicer hard plastic mug rather than the yard dog if you plan on returning to Vegas occasionally for a refill!
5	It delivered what it promised. Vegas is nothing without a fat Tuesday. This place did not disappoint. I was pleased with my drink! The price is not that considering the amount.  Employees are friendly and fast. I ordered a Hurricane which was a mixture of Octane and something else that I do not recall. It was strong and got the job done lol
5	This is a must for me every time I visit Vegas. It epitomizes everything Vegas has to offer. Fun & Affordable. I usually get their Pina Colada with a couple of shots of 151. The last time I mixed a little something of everything with the extra shots. It was awesome!!!
5	Apparently this is a Vegas must get and is almost a mandatory with every trip (as long as you're 21.  People usually get these alcoholic slushies during the day, but they have pretty long hours.  Located in the Miracle Mile Shops next to Planet Hollywood.  In line, they check your id's first and then you're free to go to another line and order.  You can try as many flavors as you like. I ended up sharing a monster yard with two of my girl friends and it costed about $18 ish?PEACH BELLINI:  This is what we ended up picking.  It's basically a peach slushy with rum and champagne, but I can't taste the alcohol...so it's perfect LOL!  I would totally get this again!190 OCTANE:  This was their most popular, so we decided to try it.  OMG it is way too strong.  Had a sip of it and we all definitely could not survive a yard of it even sharing.  Tastes straight up like hard liquor haha. If you're into get buzzed/drunk in the day, this is all for you.  I'll pass on this because I'm all about that g(randma) life hahah!SIDENOTE: People can mix flavors or add shots for $1 each to their drinks.
5	I love going to Fat Tuesday! Everytime I go here im never dissapointed  I every drink I've tried from here is so good! Even the Jell-O shots and other random shots they have. I love getting yard sticks from here... I've tried from other spots and nothing compares it just tastes so much better lol.
