5	This place is really adorable. We had originally gone to the sister restaurant for "pizza", which they didn't have. We're so glad, because, for the price, you really can't beat this place. The pizza is PERFECT, not too thin (I'm sorry my idea of pizza is not phyllo dough with some mozzarella splattered here and there) and not too thick (a moment on the lips, a lifetime on these freakin hips!). My husband is Italian & has grown up with an Italian mom making homemade pizza his whole life, he was very impressed. Quality mozzarella, homemade tomato sauce with the right amount of herbs. The Caesar salad was well done, the right amount of dressing, I could taste anchovies but not overwhelmingly so, and the lettuce was crisp & fresh. My only suggestion - add some garlicky croutons. This is the best part, though. If you have kids, there is a"VIP" room for them, complete with cartoons and video games, amazing! We sat & enjoyed our chianti while the little rugrats were engrossed in a show. You can't beat that precious bit of paradise.
2	Disclaimer: The two star rating is based on neither the food nor the service; rather, an experience.A friend had recommended Sal's to me, so yesterday (9/6/10) was the day. Read the two rave reviews here. I live 30 miles from Sal's and drove in specifically to visit for the first time. Imagine my disappointment upon arrival to find a hand-written sign taped to the locked door which read, *Closed for Labor Day. Visit us Tuesday, etc, etc.*All was not lost; the competition down the street was open and more than happy to sell me two large pizzas....By the way, as of the time of this report, Sal's apparently does not have a website. The link provided here ( www.SalsTuscanGrill.com ) leads to a placeholder page, until such time as the domain name owner actually creates one.
3	I'd give it a 3.5 stars. We went last night and had dinner. The pizza is brick oven. Thats a plus. It's not a coal fired pizza, so I understand the difference. The pizza was good. We got a large pepperoni. It was nice and greasy and had average tasting peperoni. The crust was crunch and chewy, witch you expect from a brick oven. I got a cheese steak. It was average at best, but at least they had cherry peppers. Usually I have to order a cheese steak and have to add my own sweets and hots (chopped cherry peppers). I read that they had a kids area, not true anymore. That was a disappointment. My wife had to take the kids outside to play for the 50 min wait. It all worked out. Bottom line: I'd eat there again for pizza. It was good but not Grimaldi's or  La Piazza al Forno. Better than Barro's or anyone else within close driving distance from Goodyear.
4	I just went to Sal's for the first time and it was fabulous!  Quick service, nice casual atmosphere, and awesome Pastrami sandwich!  The Caprese salad was pretty good as well, but the Tomoato Bisque soup was Out of this world... craveable!  plus the price is as cheap as it gets for the fantastic food quality.  I know I will be back often!!!
4	My husband and I went about 8pm on a Sunday and they were more then happy to make us pizzas even thought the few tables (they only have about 12 total) already had food. We got 2 to go, pepperoni/meatball for the hubby; 5 cheese w/ eggplant & roasted red peps for me. Both super tasty.  the oven which is gas but they have wood on the sides cooks great and gives you that perfect edge that if left 30 extra seconds would be burnt, but pulled at just the right time to make it awesome. I slather of house roasted garlic oil on crust after cooking would send it to five stars.
5	Already been here twice in two weeks. Pizza is very good. Especially the crust...Service is friendly and prompt. Clean dining area and the special was a good deal at 12.95 for a large pizza and two salads.We will be back often...SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS!!
4	We just love this place, food & service is great!! Only problem is they price thier wine like they do at Bella Luna!  When we want wine w/pizza we go to NYPD, they have good wine prices. You can't expect people to pay $10 for a pizza & then pay $24 or more for wine. They need a wine priced between $16 & $20.  We would go more often for dinner, we only go there for lunch on the weekends.
5	Always good food and service but yet another reason to love this place...there is a young man who works here. Always friendly and works hard. While we were there an older couple came in with the lady being in a wheelchair. This kid RAN across the dining area to hold the door and get them comfortably seated. You just don't see that stuff any more! Attitude and the desire to make someone happy is a big indicator of the work ethic of a person and this young man is awesome!
5	Fun Italian decor. Delicious hand made pizza.  The Chef Salad ($5.50) was very fresh and loaded with meat, egg, cheese and olives, on a bed of shredded lettuce, which made it very easy to eat, like a chop salad.  Another plus was that they have yummy Moretti Italian Beer, light & dark.  There is also imported Italian lemonade and I saw some very generous pours of wine at the neighboring table.  Check it out.
3	The pizza is well above average and the only wood fired pie (or unique in any way) in the area. The crust is phenomenal and the Italian ham that we had was not the routine variety...extremely tasty. The only reason that I don't rate this place higher is the lettuce. All of the salads from the house to the bed that the caprese rests on is shredded. Shredded! Enough with the sub topping, get some real lettuce in there!
5	Margharita pizza is delicous, great owners. You can watch you pizza get made in the brick oven. We have been here twice and will defanetly come back.
5	Really like this place, would go more often if they had affordable wine prices. But when you pay $10 for a pizza (which is great) it is hard to pay $25 for a bottle wine. Really should look into more affordable wine prices, all the other pizza places do, Dino's Italian & Greek, la piazza in Glendale, they all have under $20 for some bottles of thier wines.I highly recommend Sal's!!
2	I had been wanting to try Sal's for quite a while but never got around to it.  Until today!  I got a side salad and the 14" Sal's Favorite.  I must say, not impressed at all.  The salad was made of what looked like a bag of pre-shredded lettuce.  And not very fresh either.  The pizza was just ok, I've had much better.  Very sad and disappointed, unfortunately I will not be going back to Sal's.
4	Great pizza great wings!
5	I have to give these guys some credit because they deserve it, the pies are great!  This place is owned by the same family that brings you Bella Luna.  Again another great restaurant in the West Valley which unfortunately is lacking good quality places. We have visited this spot several times and they have a great selection of pizza's although they don't have prosciutto :(They have great pasta bowls you can tailor to your needs and offer a variety of good italian beers like Nastro Azzuro, and Morretti and another very well known italian beer they make La Rossa.The style of pizza is more on the napolitena it has a great dough crafted together with a great sauce. I am a pizza canasseur so take it from me you will enjoy.  Lastly lets talk price because tons of places in town like to up charge you on their pies, here however you will enjoy the pizza and not worry about spending lots for it.  If you try it and like let me know!
1	We found plastic cooked into our pizza and this issue was not properly addressed.  We informed the waitress and then heard nothing.  We asked again and she didn't know what to do.  Then when we went to pay she informed us that the cook said to give us a two dollar discount!!!!!  An older man, possibly one of the owners then looked at the plastic and said, I got you, and offered a 5$ discount.  We paid, left and will NEVER go back. In all fairness, the pizza was good until the plastic was discovered.
3	I would have given Sal's four stars but the service was extremely slow when we went in at 12:30pm on a Monday. There were only six other people in the place yet it took them 30 min. to make our two sandwiches. We waited by the order counter five before we were acknowledged.Both my husband and I had hot sandwiches. He said his chicken parmesan sandwich was very good and I enjoyed my Philly cheesesteak. Their bread for the sandwiches tasted freshly baked. The meat in my sandwich was not tough as sometimes has been the case with other Philly cheesesteak sandwiches.I suggest that if you are in a hurry that you call your order ahead of your arrival time.Either that or order an alcoholic beverage to sip while you wait. It may help you lose track of time.
4	Been here a few times.  I must say this is the best pizza we have found in the west valley.  We will be dinning here for a again for sure.
4	So far we've only picked it up and brought it home but it's fantastic food.  The service for pickup has always been great.Food is good, only disappointment is the salad, but really the pizza should be your focus, it's amazing!  I'm looking forward to trying a few more things on their menu.
4	Sals is a great place to eat. You can watch them cook the food in the main room. The pizza is great. I recommend the five cheese pizza with fresh mozzarella and a side of garlic bread. The atmosphere is nice a cozy. No complaints here.
4	Their pizza and philly cheesesteak are to DIE for. Excellent food, moderate price, and good customer service. If you're looking for a little restaurant to take the family out to lunch or dinner, this is a great place to try.
3	The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good and I would have it again but the Pepperoni Pizza we had was a soggy greasy mess that we couldn't finish. I don't know if it wasn't cooked long enough or what but my wife and daughter both tried to pick up a piece and eat it and had grease running down their arms. I had to take napkins and mop all the grease off the top of the pizza which was better but didn't fix how soggy the crust was from the grease. You had to eat it with a fork because it was too soggy to pick up.Didn't really get to enjoy the pizza so we didn't get a real feel for how it tasted.
5	I admit to not having tried their other menu items, yet, but for pizza, they really can't be beat. The menu has those few common choices, though also a few signatures. I've had both the meat and vegetarian varieties, which have the same fresh ingredients, homemade crust, and brick oven deliciousness that hasn't resulted in that greasy, heavy, super bloated feeling one can get with chain restaurant offerings. In addition, there are some good and cheap beer choices you can throw in if you're in the mood for a cold one.Overall, I'm most certainly a five-star satisfied customer so far.
4	Very good brick oven pizza. This place would be much more amazing if it had a wine list and wait staff. Overall, the pizza is great if you like brick oven pizza. One of the best place to get a pizza in the West Valley.
4	I have been going to Sal's since it has opened.  They also own Bella Luna which is also a fantastic place to eat.  Their Sausage Pepper and Onion Sub Sandwich is the bomb!  In my old neighborhood I lived in, in Maryvale, my neighbor was from New York and she would make the exact same sandwich.  Brings back a lot of old memories. There for a while Sal's had some very unfriendly service and the food took a turn for the worse.  After I think from a lot of customer dissatisfaction it has turned around again and back to normal.
2	We live nearby but just never tried them. FInally we went. Food: Just not that good. Pizza was tasteless. Salad blah. Pasta nothing special. Neither of our tummies felt good afterwards (probably too much grease). Service: Good. Friendly. Atmosphere: Just above fast food. Bathroom dirty and not maintained - which means they probably aren't keeping up in other areas. Workers coming and going wearing aprons. Conclusion: Seems to be a family owned place that is on the decline. Food just isn't good enough to return.
4	Been here a couple of times and it's always been good. Really loved the meatball sub and the 5 cheese pizza. Ordered the Philly cheese steak and didn't care for it, but it was more a taste thing than anything wrong with it. Definitely check this place out if you're looking for good pizza and subs.
5	Saw the deal in yelp! Wish i could buy more! My dad and I went in to eat on Sunday! We shared the Italian pizza!! The crust is the best I have ever had!! We also had the anti pasta salad! It had a great presentation! We also enjoyed that they had local beers!! We will be going back!Totally outstanding food only set back was counter service, even though they brought the food out to our table.
5	My husband & I love going to eat here!!! We usually get a green olive and sausage pizza, ravioli and cannoli's.  Their food consistently tastes the same!!! I absolutely hate eating out where the food tastes different every time I eat there. Great customer service too and super friendly!!! They always stop to chat and seem very genuine!!! We would recommend this you try it...you won't be dissappointed!!! Thank you for the special offer on YELP it was so appreciated!!! :)
5	Best pizza in the entire West Valley! Our favorite is the margherita, but honestly, you can't go wrong with any of them. The crust is absolutely amazing, and the toppings are super fresh.Of course, no restaurant is complete without fantastic service, and Sal's has some of the friendliest people around!
5	My husband and I just finished our Margherita pizza!  I was craving some anchovies and black olives on top and they accommodated my request.  We ordered two of the dinner salads and they were the perfect size and flavor to go with the meal.  The pizza is authentic wood fire pizza and not perfectly round in shape which was another plus for us.  Absolutely perfect meal!!!
5	So far so good, been here 2 times and the service was good and food delicious. I recommend the sub sandwiches. I got the 12" "King Kong" Sandwich and could only eat half of it and made a second meal out of the other half. Will definitely go back for another!
5	Very friendly, the menu options are great and the food was excellent.  Went back a 2nd time and had a King Kong and it was great, lots of meat.  Will be going back again. :)
5	Finally tried this place using our Yelp deal and we were not disappointed...Service was great, we showed up right before closing and they were super friendly and ready to take our order...Food was above our expectations as it was fresh and delicious... We probably would not have found this place without Yelp and will so be back for more great food
4	We came here for lunch and it was sad to see the place only had 1 table.  When we walked in there was no sign or any information telling you to order at the counter.  I finally saw the employee in the cooking area say hello and told me the menus are at the counter.  Just walk up and order when you are ready.  I ordered the ALFREDO PIZZA adding chicken (Alfredo sauce w/mozzarella cheese).  The crust was thin and crispy, the sauce was lacking a little, the mozzarella cheese and chicken was excellent.  I tired a slice of the SAL'S WHITE PIZZA and it was great.  Why no 5 stars?  No wait service.
5	Great wings and Peroni!
3	floor was dirty, service a little slow
3	Tried the garlic bread and the Alfredo pizza with pepperoni on it. Really good! Service was nice and the food came fast to our table. :)
2	I was attracted to Sal's because I read they were the same owners of Bella Luna and I like their food.  We got our food as takeout.We ordered two pizzas, sausage and pepperoni and pepperoni.  We ordered the large which was supposed to be 14" pizzas.  I was surprised at how small they were.  Out of sheer curiosity I took a measuring tape to the pizza when I got home and they were both @ 12 1/2".  I considered the idea that maybe the 14" was the pre-made size but doesn't pizza dough usually increase in size?  Everybody has different taste choices in pizza.  I'm a NYer so that's my pizza style.  I thought the crust was just  too hard.  There were burned edges so it might have been in the oven too long.  I could taste several varieties of cheese and the sauce was good.  I like some salt on my pizza but this pizza had plenty already.  We also ordered a couple dozen wings.  They were good, pretty textbook in taste.  The takeout container was plastic and had paper underneath.   Takeout wings I've had before came in aluminum takeout containers so they could be placed in there blistering hot and with lots of wing sauce.  These were warm with little sauce.All in all, it was as the rating says,  meh.  I've had better.  Bruno's pizza on Litchfield and Indian School is waaay better and I'll stick with them.
2	I see others here have had better luck with this place. Maybe I'll give it another shot some day.Nothing terrible, mind you. It is a nice looking place. However, you walk in and there is nothing to indicate whether you sit, wait to be seated or order at the counter. I finally went to the counter where the service was lukewarm, though it got better as the day went by. The initial impression of the place just left a bad taste in my mouth. But the real problem for me just boiled down to taste and price. I ordered the combo sandwich, which is supposed to be sausage and meatballs. Problem is, it was 90% meatball with very little sausage; and the meatballs were very bland and kind of mushy. The price, while not terrible, was too high for the quality. I have not tried their pizza, and I have only been there for lunch, so your experience may differ.
4	Nice place for a pizza.
4	Their 'lunch special' is available until 3pm!I picked three dishes to bring home for dinner... (2) ravioli and (1) tortellini.  I chose the rose sauce which is marinara and alfredo mixed together.  We loved our meal!There was a wait for the food but that's because it was freshly prepared as ordered.  It was also a generous portion. And the server was friendly. All worth the wait :)We will dine here again for sure and probably try the brick-oven pizza next time!
4	The 4 star review is for the pizzas.  I've had pepperoni, the special, and the 5 cheese.  All of them were excellent.  The salad and pastas I would probably go with a 3 star.  Olive Garden is better in that category in the same price range.  Their garlic bread is also really good.  There was plenty of seating for 5 of us at lunch time.  I think maybe 4 other tables were occupied at noon on a Wednesday.  Service was friendly.  We definitely will be back for more pizza and I would also like to give the sub sandwiches a try.The 4 star review is for the pizzas.  I've had pepperoni, the special, and the 5 cheese.  All of them were excellent.  The salad and pastas I would probably go with a 2.5 or 3 star.  Olive Garden is better in that category in the same price range.  Their garlic bread is also really good.  There was plenty of seating for 5 of us at lunch time.  I think maybe 4 other tables were occupied at noon on a Wednesday.  Service was friendly.  We definitely will be back for more pizza and I would also like to give the sub sandwiches a try.
3	A good find while visiting Phoenix.  I ordered the lunch special that was grilled shrimp over cheese tortellini with garlic pesto.  It was killer good.  Where they are getting fresh basil pesto this time of year, I don't know.  But it was highly yummy.Hubby had a Philly cheesesteak.  It was the only time I've heard him swear it was as good as our favorite spot in California.  Good bread, onions and steak just right and proper Provolone.I had a salad that was a little sad - shredded lettuce from a bag with dressing.  that could use some tweaking.But based on the shrimp and pesto, I'd try dinner here in a heartbeat.
4	Pizza is pretty good just think they put a little to much sauce otherwise great and really fast service
1	The family and I are in town for Spring Training and we were looking for something low key near our Hotel.  With such great reviews we pulled up at 7:30 PM on a Sunday and I expected to have to wait for a table.  There was ONE other family in there eating.  That should have been a sign.  We were sat by a really nice, young, waitress.  She took our drink order but was not very knowledge about the wines available.  We ordered a house Chianti and a house Cab Sauv.  The wine came out and smelled like stinky socks.  The "Anti Pasta" was a little bit of mystery lunch meat on top of shredded iceberg.  I thought the stench I was smelling was my Wine fermenting while we were there.  The was a sewage smell in the air.  When I went to the restroom I walked into a wall of sewage smell.  It was pretty bad.  That was it for me.  The pizzas came out but at different times and it was actually decent but I couldn't get the sewage smell out of my nose hairs.  Maybe if you went in, didn't order wine, didn't order an "anti pasta" didn't sit at the table closest to the bathrooms and ordered a plain cheese pizza you would like this place.
5	Just eat the pizza and shut up. It's a great pizza.  We loved it.  Unique, traditional, handmade.  Not an artisan pizza.  I classic American pizza like you ate with your parents when you were a kid.  Awesome. Not very fancy, but honest, and nice people.  Be sure to check out the photos of the family in the little room in the back.  Bravo Salvatore family.
1	My husband and I felt like pizza last night, and he'd heard about this place, so we decided to order take out.  He ordered, then went to pick it up.  Firstly, when he got there (about 9:15pm on a Saturday night), the place was empty.  He was a bit surprised, but now we know why.We ordered 2 medium pizzas, because we like different toppings, and figured we'd have enough for us to enjoy on Sunday, as well.  Plus, an order of their garlic bread.  I'll start with the bread...it was as if they drowned this poor bread in butter.  I enjoy garlic bread as much as the next person, but neither of us could fathom eating another piece.  It had no flavor, other than butter.  It was as if I poured melted butter in my mouth, and that's it...yech!!!The pizza's looked and smelled good.  However, that's where the enjoyment ended.  I had 2 toppings on mine (meatballs & caramelized onions), and I know I saw them on the pizza, but I could not taste them.  All I got was a sour, bitter taste in my mouth from each bite.  My husband's was no better.  His had ricotta & tomatoes on it, he took one bite and looked at me with the strangest look on his face.  We had ranch dressing (which was very bland), so we both tried dipping into that, hoping it would help...it didn't.  We ended up throwing what was left of the pizza's away...what a waste!  A little later, both of us didn't feel well, and ended up being up most of the night due to that. I see a lot of decent reviews on here, so obviously the food isn't normally like this.  However, due to our experience, we won't be making a return attempt.
4	Great pizza-wood fired!!  Nice little west valley hidden gem!
5	Best sub in AZ!  The Philly cheesesteak is also very close to the real thing!
4	The pizza here when done right is the best I have ever had! That being said they can be hit or miss, it seems like it is best right out of the oven. If you pick up and take it home the crust is too hard, I think maybe it's the thinness of the crust. I really wish they would not use shredded iceberg lettuce on the salads, they would be so much better with chopped romaine or mixed lettuce. Our favorite is the Primavera pizza and anti pasta salad. If the pizza here was more consistent we would come a lot more often
4	My wife is from Philadelphia and say their Philly cheese steak is the closest to the real deal. I have to agree, we get them to go once a month, my waistline won't allow more often! If they also sold fries I would have to give them a 5 star.
3	Pizza was wood fired, thin crust, very few toppings. Had the Sals loaded with everything but their wasn't much on it. Wings came only sauced and tasted warmed up. They were not crispy.
2	There's much better pizza out there.  I thought it was little bit greasy.
5	My son and I ate at this little gem of a woodfire bistro and loved it. The food is delicious. Everything is made with love. My only issue is that we live in the North Valley and this place is too far away. If you like a family owned business with little special touches thrown in then this is the place for you.
5	I'm here with my hubby, enjoying a Primavera pizza. We both enjoyed the thin crust, and flavorful pesto pizza with several filling toppings.  We are always fans of all things pesto.  He really enjoyed the garlic bread with cheese and a side of marina. Next time we hope to try their regular tomato based sauce and possibly the crostini bread. The service was also good, which adds to the experience!
1	I would love to have had a chance to taste their food, HOWEVER I called and asked if the delivered to my house (which is located 5.7 miles away from their restaurant). They said and I quote " we MAY deliver if you have a large enough order, because it really isn't worth our time to go to your house otherwise".I would be ok if they had a minimum order to qualify for delivery, but to be felt to have to prove our value to them so they will toss a FREAKING BONE!!!!   I will make sure my family of six never inconveniences them again.
4	Yum + Fast DeliveryMade a delivery order from Sal's today to give the local shop a try.  Order taker was nice enough and got the order right.  Food arrived about 25 minutes later.  Faster that frozen!The Margarita pizza was good.  Honestly better tasting than looking.  My 5 year-old commented how much she liked it and she's not normally a pizza girl.  They were nice to do a half-order of butter noodles for my daughter, as well.  Wings were excellent-- tender and moist meat with a tasty sauce.  Not really spicy, but nonetheless yummy.  Very good option for us West Siders!
1	Can't provide any meaningful comments about the food since we sat for over twenty minutes with the only recognition being getting a menu.  Seems other customers were in the same boat but we simply got up and left.  Too bad since I heard their food is good.  They should try to get some good service also.
5	The pizza is great, only a few selections of beer but you're coming for the food at this place. Ingredients are homemade and you won't feel like you overindulged in its goodness. The owner and employees are always friendly. Casual atmosphere, tables are a bit small but we love this place. First time to order out.
4	I've eaten here twice and had sandwiches both times.  The Philly Cheese Steak is really good here.  Had a house salad with it to share and it was large and fresh. Overall a good experience and will go again.
2	Ordered the chef salad, with 6 hot wings. Wings were very good, they are oven baked so that is a bonus. Chef salad lacked much to write home about, it's a salad nothing more nothing less. Chicken in the salad is fresh, as you could tell by the hunks of chicken skin.  I like my chicken without the chicken skin, but some like it so I guess that's why they tossed it in. I ordered a Peroni draft beer, it immediately brought me back to my days living in Italy drinking beer in the town square. I limited myself to only 1. :(Yeah I'm gonna go back and have a lot more Peronis.
5	What a treasure!!!! The pizza is outstanding. My husband had the Philly cheesesteak. Although the flavor of the sandwich was good it was sparse on the meat. Had the Sal's pizza and wings both very good. We will be back.
5	Consistently excellent pizzas.  Today was 5 cheese and Sal Special.  Crust was crisp with a slight chew.  The individual flavors of the cheeses and toppings come through for a fantastic fresh taste.
5	we are an army family travelling to our next duty station and ordered Sals after reading great reviews on yelp. while stopping overnight in the area.  THE BEST PIZZA EVER!!!!  i ordered the neapolitan pizza and my hubby had wings...just amazing!!!  love this place, everyone needs to check the pizza out because they KNOW what REAL pie is!!!
4	I recently decided to give Sal's a try again, so glad I did.  Not sure if they changed their recipes but the pizza is really good!  I will be heading back more often.
4	Alittle disappointed they were out of our choice beer for this meal on a Saturday! And the pizza seemed greasier then I remember it:(   Maybe I just need a break from eating regular pizza, gluten free dough treats me well. 4 stars-Still a great Italian place for the price.
5	For those who want *EXCELLENT* pizza.  I started loving this NY family-owned place a few years ago.  I went again tonight and had an even better pizza than before.  Too bad I couldn't upload a picture of the pizza that I ordered (one of the "Infused" pizza's with added prosciutto).  Frankly, I don't know why other places in the metro area have the exposure they do when this place exists.  Italian-American brothers from NY (Brooklyn I think), own this place and use products IMPORTED FROM ITALY.  The semolina, tomatoes, olive oil--and maybe even more--are all imported.  The pizza is wood-fired in a brick oven, cooked to perfection and absolutely tastes like pizza heaven.  I am Sicilian and have spent a lot of time in Italy, and I bet everyone of my non-American, Sicilian cousins would be blown away by this place.  I take all my out of town visitors there (forget Pizza Bianco, people!!!!), and they all appreciate the authentic food here.  If you're from the east coast, you'll appreciate it even more.  Mammamia -- perfetto!
3	The service was good. I didn't try their pizza, which is what seems to be their main focus but the pasta and hot subs were alright. I would go back again just to try the pizza.The cleanliness of the bathroom, however, was disappointing. It didn't "look" dirty but it didn't smell clean. This was probably the worst part of the experience.
5	Darn good pizza and great ravioli.  Family owned atmosphere and good service. Really a great pizza/pasta joint. Will definitely hit this place up again.
1	Worst pizza I've had on our lives! Got the 12" with red sauce (couldn't even taste any sauce in the entire pizza) with pepperoni, Blk Olives, gr pepper & pineapple. Dry as a bone, couldn't find any cheese either, except for the possibly 1tbsp sprinkled over the top that wasn't melted. They must pre-cook their basic pizza, then when you call in, they add the toppings and warm it up! Would have taken it back, but just said to each other, never again. Whoever their pizza chef was on 9/7 at 5:15...send this person to class again!
5	All their pizzas are deliciously made! You cannot go wrong! Our favorite is the Sal's special!
5	The Best Pizza And Bread Ever And Great Quality
4	The restaurant is small and clean. The atmosphere is a worthwhile attempt at setting an old town Italian stage - nice and comfortable.  The young man who attended us was very consciencess. The food was great,  the Margherita and Alfredo pizzas were outstanding.
4	Their pizza is one of the best fire oven pizzas I have had. It is my kids favorite pizza in town and the two of them ate a whole pizza by themselves! The meatball sandwich was OK, but wouldn't recommend it. Service is excellent and we like the atmosphere. We will be coming back regularly!
5	Awesome oven brick pizza! I can't believe this was my first time here, I'm glad I decided to give it a shot. So we went in and unfortunately they were out of meatballs (which was a bummer) so I decided to order a pepperoni pizza instead, SO GLAD I DID. The best thing about it was that at the end of my meal I went up to the register to pay the difference between the spaghetti and the pizza and they told me it was on them and apologized for the inconvenience. I love a place with great customer service. I will definitely be back.
1	First bad sign is they didn't have milk  for our 3 year old. Second bad sign only one other family there. Third bad sign teenagers running the place sitting around texting and talking. Pizza was mediocre and greasy. Caesar salad was made with old lettuce and all hearts. Honestly not impressed with it at all. I would rather eat Totino's party pizzas.The bathrooms were nasty, toilet paper sitting on the toilet and the sink was falling off the wall.
5	We found this place by doing a search on Yelp.  We ordered a Sal's special pizza and an order of bread with cheese.  The food and service was great.  The price was great for what we received.  We will be back when we are in the area.  This place has a lot going for it.  The atmosphere inside is nice and it is like stepping away from the busy area just outside its doors.  It was clean and comfortable and very relaxing.  The service was great and our waitress was knowledgeable about the menu.
2	I have had shoe leather easier to chew, the pie showed up barely warm and missing its salad. When the salad did arrive it was a sorry excuse and there was no fork. The only thing going for the order was the good amount of toppings.
5	Sal's has some of the best Italian food. I have eaten at Sal's numerous time and have never been disappointed. I find their service is always great, the staff are friendly, and their portions very fair. I have also had take out and delivery from Sal's, both experiences are much the same as dining in.
4	A solid "good" on the pizza scale. Was looking for a quick pizza and soda. The server recommended the personal pizza and I accepted. Added some pepperoni, olives, green pepper and sausage for good measure.  Served promptly, looked appetizing and found it to be good to very good, although a bit undercooked. 9" pizza was just enough for a one person lunch, Individual toppings were distinguishable, crust was nice (although as I mentioned, a bit undercooked). but all in all, a place I will visit again. The pizza and a drink was about $ 9.00, good price for a good quality meal.
1	Ordered through grubhub... ordered early because last delivery was slow.  After 90 minutes I called to be told it will be there any minute.  5 minutes later they called back to tell me that my delivery driver returned to the restaurant.  He had trouble finding the house so he called my phone number with the wrong prefix (his mistake) and who answered had no idea what he was talking about. Instead of calling back to the restaurant to confirm the obvious wrong number he just went back.  The only restitution I was offered was to have delivery re-attempted (maybe it would get here in another 20 minutes and be cold).  When a family orders food to be delivered for dinner and it doesn't make it, or it is wrong or it may show up two hours later, that is NOT acceptable.  If you want to be in the delivery game, you have to be perfect, there are no quick fixes.
4	Here's what I learned from my journey to Sal's:1.  When your husband commits to meeting his cousin for dinner who is in town for business, get an address of where he is staying before looking for restaurants, because when your husband says Glendale, he really means Avondale.2.  Expect that many of the area restaurants close at 8 pm.  Sal's was the welcome exception.3.  Do not, I repeat, do not follow GPS from Scottsdale, unless you like a half dozen unnecessary freeway changes.  Why the hell did I need to get on I-17 or State Rt 143?4.  Skip all the research and just go to Sal's.  Who doesn't like a good wood-fired pizza?5.  Order Sal's Special Pizza...pepperoni, sausage, peppers, onions, and mushrooms.  Something for everyone.6.  Do not stuff as much pizza in as humanly possible, as they will box up the leftovers.  Skip my advice, and it's a long ride back to Scottsdale.If I lived in the area, Sal's would be a go-to spot for me!
5	We were looking for quick and good(sometimes hard to get). We hit it on the head here. Pepperoni Rolls and Pretzel Sticks were great 5 Cheese and Sals Special were all great! Would recommend to visit!
5	Ordered this pizza for delivery and it came in a timely manner! The pizza was great and the wings were also great.!!! I ordered it online too which made it really convenient.
