5	Stir Krazy just the Name caught my Attention.  Walked in For the For the First time and was impress with the Resurant. I Would Highly Recomm this Resurant to anyone thats In town as A tourist or for any local, especially if your are a fan of Monogolian.
5	Excellent food and service! Can't wait to go back!
5	This place is AMAZING! Buffet Style (yes...all you can eat)...very fresh vegetable selections...meat selections are great....and the best thing to me are the SAUCES....you can choose to have a sweet, spicy or garlic or you can choose to mix it...also other side sauces such as curry, fire, hot, sesame oil etc and like what David R. said, the sauces did not taste like it was bought from Costco or sams club, it tasted homemade, they even have suggestions on the wall on how to mix your sauces....just an amazing place..been too so many Mongolian Place but to me this is the number one the best Mongolian Restaurant in town.....cant wait to go back.....
5	Can't beat the deal here.....Lots of good food for very little cash. Great selection of meats, and tons of different veggies and sauces to choose from. Everything was super fresh and I left totally stuffed!By far the best Mongolian around.
5	Awesome food! Great Deal! Perfect Atmosphere!
5	Delicious traditional Mongolian BBQ. I've been waiting here in Vegas for one to open up. It's finally here. I highly recommend this place for Mongolian BBQ fans. And if you've never had it, you have to try it!
5	My only suggestion is prepare to leave stuffed and satisfied! While the staff is friendly and attentive the food is amazing! They have a wide variety of veggies and sauces and the way meat is cut makes your dish all that much better! I'm going to be a constant repeat customer for sure!!!
2	no menu...  Bland interior...  The veggies aren't labeled. took forever to get  a soda. The lamb was good.. All the sauces were bland. much better off going to somewhere like Gengis Grill
5	We needed a good Mongolian grill place here in Vegas. We now have one!
4	I got introduced to this place a couple weeks ago, and now I find myself craving it whenever I'm in the area. It's a pretty cool concept. You get this bowl, and you get to fill it with as much food as you can, and then they cook everything for you, and you get a choice of brown or white rice to accompany it.Meat wise - you get to choose from chicken, lamb, beef, & pork I believe. I haven't tried anything except for the lamb. There's a bunch of veggies: onions, bell peppers, spinach, mushrooms, etc. Some days they have shrimp. They also offer sausage, pepperoni, & ham, which I think is really strange - but if that's what you're diggin, they by all means. During the evening, after four or five I believe, it becomes all you can eat. So you get as many bowls as you like. It's 12.99 for this. During the day, one bowl goes for around 9 dollars I believe. If you do go in the evening, be sure to get your money's worth ! Don't be a fool like me. The first time I was there for all you can eat, I made the rookie mistake of cramming everything in my bowl as well as topping it with as many noodles as I could possibly fit on there - nearly making it impossible for me to want to eat another bowl. I mean, I still did, but I suffered through it. Ha. If you're going for lunch - be sure to smash everything down in your bowl to get every penny's worth. I LOVE spinach - but tend to not get it. That stuff is wayyy to fluffy and takes up too much room in the bowl... haha. Anyway, at the end of the bar - is all the sauces. They give you recommendations of which sauces to mix. My recommendation? 1 ladle of House sauce, 1/2 ladle of sweet sauce, 2 lades of garlic sauce, 1 ladle sesame oil, and  however much of the spicy sauce you want. But, I mean, do you. Get creative, just be sure to not put too much oil ! Service is great. Staff is always makign sure you know what tod o and making sure everything is OK. Kind of hard for big parties to go there though. There is ample room, but by the time everyone gets their ingredients and food cooked, the first person to get it done is usually done eating by the time the last person is ready. But, no biggie. Oh, be sure to top your food off with the sesame seeds ! It totally completes the meal. Also, don't put the sesame seeds on before they cook your food. The cooks don't like that at all. The sesame seeds tend to pop in their faces when they get cooked, so it's understandable.
5	I know what you are thinking.. Has Dana gone KRAZY?  What is she doing writing a review about a Mongolian Grill?  Here's the deal - I accompanied a few co-workers to check this place out with the understanding that I would just play the role of delightful company and would not be partaking in any of the dining portion of our excursion.  I was familiar with the whole giant slab of wok concept having seen it first hand at the Green Valley Buffet but this place is something special and you will be shocked at the twist coming up.  Let me walk you through the process.  When you walk in you immediately see said giant wok thing and it smells really good inside which is always a good indicator.  Then of course you find a seat in the dining room and you are greeted by the kind folk who take your drink order and provide you with a bowl.  So as my friends took their bowls to the bountiful buffet I came along just to see all the excitement.  They had I believe 4-5 proteins to select and a whole bunch of veggies and other things I have no idea what they were.  Well the stars must have aligned and my chi was in the right place because something came over me and I went back and grabbed a bowl!  (This is where the shocking twist starts!)  I began placing items in the bowl.. nothing too crazy just  samples of chicken, beef, ham, pepperoni and some noodles that looked orange.  Then you are supposed to give them your bowl to cook and I was prepared to do so when our server stopped me to advise I must put some sauce on it in order for it not burn and not get stuck (probably common sense for most people but not for this kid.)  At that point I almost lost it and wanted to cry because there was quite the selection of sauces and I was scared it would ruin my bowl.   He was very patient with me and assured me that the sauces would evaporate and all would be well and he was right!  And you wait there for all of like 30 seconds to get your food.. Super-fast.The cool thing about this place is that if you are unlike me and enjoy most foods, they have little signs above the buffet that give you "recipes" for you to create the ultimate bowl of goodness.  Also they have a ton of sauces at are made fresh every day.So in conclusion I know I am not the most credible to recommend a place like this but they are a new restaurant and are currently running grand opening specials where you get all-you-can-eat dinner for like $13 dollars and lunch is even cheaper (but not all you can eat)!  My friends' bowls were so big that when they put it on the plate, along with the complimentary rice, it was quite a meal.  And think about it, this place got the pickiest eater you know to try something new.. that has to say something!  I want to bring my husband to try it out and so should you.  The End.
2	Before I continue, this place had amazing customer service. Everyone was very friendly and our waitress was very prompt when it came to refilling our drinks and giving us new bowls. We came here for Mother's Day. We saw it while we were driving and I said why not. We really love Genghis Grill, hate their customer service, but enjoy the concept of Mongolian grill. We walked in and was greeted right away. They told us to find our own seating. We sat down and we got our drinks and bowls. We added all the items we wanted. There was a very limited selection when it came to the veggies. The selection for sauces wasn't that great either. They were very quick at cooking our foods, but that led to more problems.We sat down and noticed our chicken was undercooked. It was still pink! Same thing happened with our next bowl with some pork. The sauce they tell you to add made  the dish so salty it was borderline unbearable. All in all this was my first time, but my last. Never again.
5	How I love this Place either LUNCH or Dinner. . After A Great Workout Every Other Day i stopp by this Place and Grab a Bowl to Go besides its Very Healthy. I recoommed this place to anyone that Works Out  And Want Something Healthy And Fresh .
4	Yummy fresh food, and wonderful service. Only small issue is the flashfrozen meat, as it can tend to be dry and flavorless. However if you add the sauces directly to the meat and then add rest of ingredients, the meat has a chance to absorb the sauces. We will definitely be back. Hopefully they will have their liquor license by then.
5	Very fast, very friendly service.  Excellent food.  Will come back here every time I visit Las Vegas.
3	So lets cut down to the chase. Lunch is 9.99 for a single trip. All you can eat is 13.99. For dinner the all you can eat price is the only option. Kids 10 and under lunch is 5.99 and 8.99 for all you can eat respectively. Dinner starts at 4 pm.They give you a medium sized bowl to put all your meat, veggies, and sauces in. If you are doing the single trip, cram as much as you can into the bowl so you can get your money's worth. You hand it over to the cooks. They will ask you if you want it with steamed or brown rice. I recommend the brown since its healthier for you. Since the meats are frozen but thinly sliced, they don't take long to cook. You can actually stand there and watch them cook it and hand your plate to you after they are done cooking. The only advice to you here is that to make sure they cook it well because undercooked pork, chicken, and turkey can really make you sick.When you bring it to your table, you have sriracha and sweet chili sauce ready to go in containers just in case you need more spicy or sweet kick to your grilled goodies. Fountain drinks are 2.49 with free refills. I asked for water. Note: Their water is straight tap. Its not filtered.Service is decent for they really don't have to do much except get you your drinks, refills, and your check. Their location is in an ideal spot for they are right next to The Hard Rock Casino Hotel. Overall, I like the fact that the only time you really have to wait is when they cook your food which is a major plus. I recommend you get the all you can eat and definitely have enough time to enjoy it because it is kind of pricey. Its not the best but definitely better than Genghis Grill over in Henderson.
5	If you know how to do Mongolian BBQ, you won't have issues with the "bland tasting" as some of the other reviews have stated. Remember, you're making your own plate, they just simply cook it for you.With that said, this place was an absolute treat for the senses! The ingredients are plentiful, and they were constantly freshening them while I was there. The service was amazing. Such an awesome staff, and the owner takes the time, and actually has a conversation with the guests to make sure they are having a great experience.All in all - wonderful experience, GREAT food, and GREAT staff! Definitely want to go again, and again, and again!
3	Not the best Mongolian grill I've been to, but definitely one of the best in the valley since we have limited options.I like that they have recipe ideas posted on the wall to help you out if you have no idea where to start. They have a good sized selection with a few odd items (like pepperoni and italian sausage). I like that they have a few sauce selections and offer recipes for mixing the sauces as well. The staff are friendly and offer help whether it's your first time there or not. Although the bowls seem pretty small, I'm always full after one serving with noodles and rice. The food is pretty good, but it always seems a bit dry which I try to compensate by adding more sauce, but that in turn makes it more salty. The food's pretty good and it's a fun experience.
4	When I lived in California, I was always able to find Mongolian BBQ in pretty much any mall near my house. However, I was disappointed to find that there weren't any here in Vegas! When I was in California, I was known as the Mongolian BBQ expert to my family and friends because of my flawless meat, veggie, and noodle stacking technique, and also for mastering the art of combining sauces. When I stack my bowl, I stack it high. When I learned that Stir Krazy had opened and that it was fairly close to UNLV, I was ecstatic! I was ready to bust out my old bowl stacking skills and devour the deliciousness I had been missing for quite some time now. I've gone to Stir Krazy a total of 2 times so far, and had I been giving the rating based off the first visit alone, I wouldn't have given them the four stars I am now. However, the second trip definitely made up for the first. Let me explain why..The First Trip: On my first trip to Stir Krazy I was excited and ready. Visions of flowing noodles, meat, and veggies filled my mind and made my mouth water. My friends and I walked in, took our bowls and started to fill them up. Halfway through, we happened to find out that they did not have any noodles, because they didn't receive their shipment that day. My friends and I were greatly disappointed since the main reason we were there was for the noodles! We were also kind of upset since we had already filled our bowls and could no longer leave. We still ate our food with rice instead, and since it tasted okay, I decided to come back another day and give Stir Krazy a second chance.The Second Trip: The second trip to Stir Krazy was great. We were promptly seated and handed our bowls so we could begin our feast. I doubled checked that the noodles were there this time, so I was greatly pleased. I stacked my veggies, meat, and noodles high. Added 3 scoops of the house sauce, 1 scoop of the sweet, 1 scoop of garlic, and 1 scoop of their chili sauce. Besides all that I added a bit of baked sesame seeds and a dash of honey.  Booooy was it tasty. Everything absorbed the sauce and really tasted flavorful. It was after the first bite that I decided to give Stir Krazy my seal of approval.I highly recommend that you take a chance and visit this restaurant. The food is good, the staff is friendly, and the prices are average for Mongolian BBQ. A quick tip that I can pass on is to carry a napkin with you to stack the bowl. Having a napkin allows you to push the meat down to match the bowl's shape, and place as many veggies as you can inside. After, push the veggies down with the napkin so it's an even surface. I usually add the sauces right after adding the meat and veggies, but before adding the noodles. This makes it less messy and you don't run the risk of having your noodles fall over! :)
5	Great food and fun for kids! Our server, Angela, did a great job. I live in Reno but from Portland where we had great Mongolian BBQ so was excited to find this place. Will be back every time I come to Vegas. A little hard to see from Paradise it's in the same parking lot as Kiss Putt Putt.
5	Loved Stir Krazy! Their Meat selection was great.  I tried the sweet and spicy bowl and loved it.  I highly recommend if you like Mongolian style dining
5	We love the place ! Don't hesitate to try this place.  The food was very good and great sevice. Love love love
4	So I enjoy places like this.  We went here for lunch and although it was slow we were not greeted at the door and pointed in any direction.  We kind of wandered around and checked out the selection for a minute before someone told us we could sit wherever we liked.  It was $9.99 for lunch which I thought was a little steep for a place like this but it was nice with big booths.  I made myself some broccoli chicken with onions and mushrooms and then used the recipe off the wall to make a mongolian sauce for my stir fry.   The weak point of this place is they don't have a lot of sauces.  I've been to some similar places that have a much better sauce selection.  The people were nice and the food was great though.
5	This place was sooooo good! The food was delish and fresh. Ther service is super friendly too! We are thrilled to finally have an awesome Mongolian Grill in Vegas!
4	I've hit SK with the girlfriend and others several times over the last 4-5 months ( previously posted pics )  - this is our " go-to" mongolian spot.  usually 3-4 meat options ( they add shrimp for dinner ) and large selection of vegetables.  Not a large selection of sauces but what they have works for us.We like that you have the noodle option before giving the bowl to the cook so they can do their magic.  They add a side of white or brown rice to the plate after everything is cooked up.You have the option of one bowl ( under $10 ) or AYCE for a few $$ more.  Service is prompt, a no frills kind of place.we'll continue to visit.
4	All you can eat Mongolian food.  Hot, good, and affordable!
5	Great lunch special. 10bucks for all you can eat. The selection was fresh and cooked well. It is not too busy at lunch. This place is awesome and I'm sure I will become a regular. It is right across the street from hard rock
4	I stayed at the hyatt place across the street from Stir Krazy. Without a doubt their food was amazing. When you prep your dish the employees give you tips on sauces to make sure you enjoy your food. Pro: You an pile up as much broccoli, carrots, beef, pork, chicken noodles and other normal ingredients associated with Mongolian meals. So stack it as high as you can;there is no limit! When I came back to the hotel room all the other guests said the food smelled good. And I agreed with them as I ate it in their faces. Shortly after and for the next few days my family and I became regulars of this place during our short time. Unfortunately when I asked the manager if I could get some commission for bringing everyone over to eat.The prices were good also. I would definitely return! Last but not least its al you can eat if you dine in.Con: There is not a Stir Krazy in my area.
5	Liked it.  Good central location and walking distance from the Hard Rock Hotel.The food was very tasty and the food items for your selection are numerous.  That said make sure that you know what kind of sauces to use since it can make the whole difference.  There's is a sign on top of the sauces with recommendations so pay attention.  I followed the post "popular" choice which was great but a bit on the salty side.  The dinner is all you can eat while the lunch is not.  Nice interior.  Will go back
4	We came on a Friday night and ordered 2 AYCE for $14 (Used the $10 LivingSocial valued at $20) Each dinner is 13.99. Total 30.25- Across from Hard Rock Hotel. - Our server, Angela, said that bc we didn't print our LivingSocial, They can't accept it. WTF. After realizing that it was far-fetched, I told her you can just take a picture of the coupon. She agreed. Management fail. - Aside from the initial confusion, This MBBQ offers great options! They serve more than the basics. Tofu is a huge plus for me, along with baby carrots. But pizza toppings? HAHA. Whatever floats your boat. - Chef can provide you with optional white rice with your meal. I saw one of their employees stir-fry their rice! Looked great, but not a option for customers. HAHA. Worth a shot to ask ;). - Food quality was still fresh! Great to know esp if you eat during dinner.- Like most MBBQ restaurants, they did not give us fried wantons and soup.- Nice interior design.
5	Been looking for a good Mongolian BBQ for a while. I could eat this healthy food every week but its been hard to find.  Been there about 5 times now and each time was great.So the only thing to learn is every Mongolian BBQ place does their sauces differently.  Not very different in flavor, but absolutely in strength.  At one restaurant  you don't want more than a single scoop of flavoring, others like Stir Krazy you want about 3 scoops for a full bowl.  You will know if its a bit strong or weak in flavor once you try it.For me the house souse (*3) + garlic + the spicy hot + sweet sauce (*2) (more of a cooking wine not really sweet)  is great.   After you get it from the cooks, wait a 2 minutes and flip it over on your plate to allow the meat to reabsorb the sauce (letting cooked meat sit after cooking is an important trick in all cooking).  Then dig in - YUM.Hope they add another location closer to Henderson where I live, so I can go more often.  My body just loves this fresh healthy food.
5	Outstanding stir fry with excellent service.  The ingredients are fresh, tables are clean, and most importantly the outcome is hot, healthy food.
4	The food was awesome and the cooks were fast, but the meal making area was dirty and our waitress wasn't very attentive. So service was extremely slow. I will be back because it's the only Mongolian BBQ in town, but am not impressed by the wait staff.
4	Been looking for a decent stir fry/Mongolian BBQ place in Vegas since I miss Flat Top Grill when I used to live in Illinois, and decided to try out Stir Crazy. We walked in on a Sunday afternoon and the restaurant was pretty empty since it was around 3 PM. We were greeted and asked to sit wherever we liked. When placing our drink order, I thought it was a little odd that they didn't serve hot tea any other warm beverages, being an Asian fusion place an all...and they only have soda and iced tea ($2.49 w/ refills). We were handed 2 bowls and we headed off to the buffet area to make our food. For lunch you can choose between $9.99 for a single bowl or $13.99 for AYCE. Dinner is AYCE only.Since we didn't really plan on getting the AYCE option, we tried cramming as much as we could into our bowls. You can choose from 4 types of meat: pork, beef, chicken or turkey; and then add various veggies, toppings, noodles and sauces. Among the toppings were even diced ham and sausage which tasted surprisingly good with thest rest of my food. They had a pretty large selection of veggies which was great, although there are only a handful of sauce choices. Since I wasn't sure which sauce to get, I went with the house option. They have posters of recommended sauce receipes on the wall that you can try if you'd like.Once you're done cramming your bowl, you simply bring it up to the cook at the grill and he'll ask you if you want rice. If you opt for rice, you can choose between white or brown rice, and he'll include a scoop of it on your plate alongside your cooked food. Overall, the wait time wasn't too long for our food to be cooked. Maybe 5 min for our 2 bowls.Although our waiter, Bobby, didn't have to do much but bring us refills and our check, he was really nice and checked up on us to see how our food was. The restaurant isn't really decorated and lacks an inviting feel to it, but the food and staff were great so that didn't really matter in the end.
5	Stir Krazy!!Best Mongolian Grill I have ever been to. All the meat and veggies are super fresh, and the home made sauces are KILLER! I am 3 scoops of house 2 scoops of garlic and 1 scoop of hot and spicy! Cram the bowl and it takes the cooks about 5 min or less to cook it up! The staff is tremendous and super friendly. They have great food, that taste fantastic for a price everyone can afford. I have been back several times.....FANTASTIC!
3	Really good food. The service was fast but the food was very good. I'd suggest this restaurant to anyone who enjoys Mongolian.
5	The best Mongolian in town! For years we have been missing having a good Mongolian restaurant in Vegas and FINALLY we got this place! It's very good and a great value. Lots of veggies, etc to choose from. Good quality. Two thumbs up!
5	UMMMM ! 2 wordss ! Addictively Amazinggg !!! Me and my husband come here multiple times a month. They are great workers! Great staff! Great Service!Whenever we come, its clean, the food is frest and not all messy. Neatly organized and beautiful yet modern decor. Always have a staff person with a smile and constantly making sure we are ohkay. im a vegetarian and cannot stand cooking of my food and meat on same pan. So they do not hesitate or complain when requested to clean the entire grill off for me I have always loved mongolian food but once I came here it also made me love this restaurant by itself !I give it  and a loyal customer till the end! Keep up the good work guys!
4	Definitely the best Mongolian BBQ place I've ever been to. They have a lot of options with meat and veggies and other sides! They also have a variety of sauces to make your own combinations like curry, garlic, sweet, hot, and house sauce.  I came here for dinner and the dinner price is about $14 but it's also AYCE. I'm all for AYCE but one bowl was good enough for me and I don't think $14 is worth it.  I would much rather come in for lunch.
5	Great Service and excellent food!! Lots of healthy options for everyone. Will defiantly come back especially when they get their bar put in.
5	If I wanted to be a prick, I could ding this place for the stark lack of decor...the black walls and the thrown together look of it all...but in reality, this place kinda rocks.  Our server was great, food was great and very reasonably priced.
5	This place is fantastic Mongolian BBQ. Classic 4 meat choices and tons of fantastically fresh vegetables to choose. The suggested sweet and spicy sauce was a little too much sweet and not enough spicy but first guess is always a toss up. If you are in Las Vegas and have any shred of fondness for the BBQ, you should come here.
5	So excited this placed opened! Service is very good & friendly. The food is always fresh. Most importantly the restaurant is always clean! So close to the strip but without all the traffic & crazy people everywhere. Hidden away where us locals can enjoy an amazing meal!
4	It's a new place, looks good and clean. As far as the food I give it a 8 out of 10. All you can eat Mongolian food.
4	So I'm not sure why it took me so long to find this place! I'm sure glad I did tho! It's a build-a-bowl style restaurant. I love the selection of sauces! Yummy! It's very clean, quite and the staff is friendly. It's location is great if your by the strip. Can't say it's in the best parking lot ever. It's a little rundown but worth the risk! Lol Noddles are amazing! Meat is tender and sliced perfect! If your looking to get your Mongolian fix is recommend this place!
5	Stir Crazy's food is very good. We had the Las Vegas BBQ option on the menu and every single item that came with it was excellent. It was plenty of good for us two, but people who eat a bit more might want to order a few ale cart options.
5	This place is F'n really good!   14.00 for all you can eat dinner cannot be beat.  Great food great service Definately recommend.
4	I don't know how many times I searched for this place on the way home from the airport. When I finally found it, I think I had over-hyped the idea of the place a little bit, and while the food actually met my overworked expectations, the service was more than a little disappointing. First of all, whenever I walk in to a restaurant, I would like to at least be greeted by somebody - or even a sign saying to please seat yourself. I stood around looking for someone for a good minute or two before one of the guys working the grill informed me that it's self seating. I proceeded to find a table, and then go to the bar to make my first selections. While there was a ton of things to add to my meal, there was nothing to put anything in. Quite confused at this point, I returned to the helpful wok-master, who explained that a waitress would bring me bowls and my drinks. This is the first I had heard of the phantom waitress, so I went back to the table to wait. When she finally arrived, I was able to at long last partake of the wonderful bounty. The food was everything I had wanted and more! Ever bite packed with flavor from their assortment of seasoning. The food wiped the lack of attention from my server completely from my mind - that is, of course, until I needed another bowl. I had the same issue getting my check at the end of the meal. I really want to give this place four or even five stars, but the lackluster service really killed the overall experience.
4	Very clean and well ran.  The food was fresh and the price was right.  I did a lot of veggies, chicken, spicy sauce with brown rice, a keeper!  Only one thing IU think I would like would be a fresh salad bar as well.  We will be back!
5	The best Mongolian Grill I have been to! A huge selection of fresh ingredients and sauces.
5	So, another small business killed by big business.  Apparently Landlord forced them out so a Buffalo Wild Wings can go in.  Wells see if it's true.
5	Restaurant is closed.  2/13/14 So sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sadSo sad
5	Love the customer service love the fresh food cooked right in front of you just the best. If you're looking for the best stir fry this is the place to be
5	Amazing place to eat. Beautiful staff.... quality food...Great desserts.... outstanding prices....I'm truly going to miss eating here....
5	I am very sad.   Last Friday I pulled up to get some dinner and they were closed :(   I had just taken my mom there 2 weeks earlier.    Never had a bad experience at this place and I hit it up every chance possible.   This was my favorite spot for grub in Las Vegas, easily.    There is nothing else like this in the valley.    I wonder what could have happened?The food was always excellent.  Fresh meats, fresh veggies.   Very reasonable prices.    Its one of the few places you could get a healthy meal in this town.I am sad.
5	We have to petition this restaurant back into service Stir krazy is by far the best in its class and to me in  the top 10 for restaurants in Las Vegas. If its marketing and advertisement problem I hope they reach out to me so we can get this fine establishment back running.
5	This place was the best Mongolian in Las Vegas, we ate here a lot up until they closed. We rolled in for lunch one day and the place was empty. We had talked to the owner and he had said they were more then likely going to close and it's sad that it really happened. This place will be missed, even though its closed I feel it deserves a review. The food was always fresh!! Not canned not old but FRESH! The meat was amazing!
