5	OH MY GOD THIS PLACE IS GORGEOUS!  What is wrong with AZ that no one has yelped this place?  I LOVE it here.  I spent every morning as the sun was rising running on amazing slate rock and dirt trails, surrounded by cacti and rolling hills.  I could run here every day!  Take Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd east to Via Linda.  Head east on Via Linda to 124th.  Head North east on 124th to the Lost Dog Wash Trail head to park.  If you follow Lost Dog Wash trail you end up at the Taliesin overlook with a view of all of Phoenix and Frank Lloyd Wright's house.
5	Trails galore. Short, long, and longer. Plenty of hikers,  dog walking, and a good place to get in the desert mountain scenery. Get away from the Camelback and Piestewa Peak crowds and experience true desert trails.  My favorite hiking area in the North/ NE Valley.
5	Kudos to Scottsdale for this outstanding preserve that provides easy and free access the natural beauty of the Sonoran Desert. Different trails invite hikers, joggers, casual strollers, and people who want to take in the awe-inspiring vistas on their bikes or on horseback. There are trails of varying degrees of difficulty for hikers of different levels of fitness (and motivation). Examples of easy trails are the Lost Dog Wash Trail (round trip length, about 5 miles; maximum elevation difference, 380 ft.) and the Ringtail Trail (round trip length, about 4.5 miles; maximum elevation difference, 307 ft.) There are also moderate, difficult ... and very difficult trails, such as the Tom's Thumb Trail (round trip length, about 10 miles; maximum elevation difference, 1363 ft.)In this preserve you'll also find a well-planned and very informative nature trail, guided hikes for almost every interest and hiking level, two distinct regions for mountain bikers, and equestrian staging areas. There is a spacious parking area next to the visitor center where you can get abundant information about the preserve. There are other parking areas as well along the boundary of the preserve.  You can use these if you want to hike certain trails such as the Lost Dog Wash Trail or the Sunrise Trail, but parking near the trailheads of these trails can be limited. The best way into the preserve is through the Gateway, which is at 18333 N. Thompson Peak Parkway (east side of Thompson Peak Parkway between Bell Road and Union Hills Drive). From the gate here, the road leads to the spacious parking lot and the visitor center, where you can get guide brochures and from which you can choose the trail for your hiking adventure, bike ride, or peaceful stroll while taking in the remarkable views.
5	If you live in Scottsdale, and have yet to visit this park, you are an idiot. First and foremost, I want to commend the city of Scottsdale for preserving such a large sector of land, and transforming it into a fabulous park. (Especially in a city where mountain property is the creme-de-la-creme of real estate)I had an afternoon all to myself the other day, and felt like doing some exploring. I often find myself at the Arabian Library studying, and gazing out the window at the gorgeous mountains so close by. I figured I'd just scoot up Thompson Peak Road and see what I found. Lucky for me, I stumbled across the Gateway trailhead. Pulled into a spacious parking lot, though dirt, so don't get mad if you car is a little dusty! Threw on my Camelbak, and looked for a map. At the trailhead, there's a building with restrooms, maps, and models of the entire preserve. Awesome. Grabbed a map, picked the Windgate Pass trail, and set off. I was gone for a good few hours, and completely underestimated the length of the trails. I also should have brought some sunscreen! :(. I got to the Inspiration Viewpoint, which is truly inspirational. The views here are pure bliss. I was going to keep going, but 4 o'clock crept up on me, and I had to get home. Trudged through the path, and found myself at the Gateway Loop again. I like the way the trails here are set up. From the Gateway trailhead, the Gateway Loop Path circulates and connects with all the other paths. I'm not real fond of the Bell Pass trail, but the Windgate and Tom's Thumb are marvelous. All in all, go. It's fun, easy to navigate, and a great way to stay fit while soaking up our beautiful Arizona weather at the same time. The city of Scottsdale may not do many things well, but its Parks Department is one of it's prime assets, and the McDowell Sonoran Preserve is a true gem.
5	I am a golfer - but not a good one.  One of the unintended consequences of my golfing in Arizona is I spend much of my time in the desert chasing balls.  So I thought it would be a good idea to become more familiar with my surroundings - and the McDowell Sonoran Preserve was perfect for that.  We went to the Gateway trail head, simply because it was the easiest to get to, and we lucked out.  It has a very nice visitor center with restrooms, ample parking, and brochures on the various trails. It also has an interpretative trail with signs, information boards, and examples of desert flora and fauna. This trail is paved  and easy to traverse, and I would recommend it for those people that want to see and learn about the desert, but have difficulty walking.There are a number of other trails throughout the Preserve varying in difficulty and elevation change, so a person has a number of different choices of hiking trails.  One can even hike to the top of the mountain. But one of the things I like best about the preserve is that there are a number of trails that children would enjoy and would not be to difficult for them to hike.I understand this is part of the City of Scottsdale's Park Department, and we should be proud of the preserve.  Since our original visit to Gateway, we have tried a number of different trails and trail heads, and have enjoyed them all.  Be sure to take your camera, and be careful not to brush up against any of the cacti. My wife accidentally stepped on some when she was taking pictures, and I had to use pliers to pull the barbs out of the soles of her boots.It's a beautiful area, and the residents of the valley are very lucky to have free access to trails of this caliber. We should all take advantage of it, whether to hike, bike, or simply stroll though the desert scenery. It's beautiful !!!
5	Great hike, great views.
5	The McDowell Sonoran Preserve is a great place to get away from the city without really having to go far. It's a massive preserve occupying 1/3 the land area of the City of Scottsdale and is full of hiking trails to keep you busy from sun up 'til sun down. I've been hiking it for about three years now and don't get tired of it.The preserve is comprised of miles upon miles of hiking trails that allow you to enjoy the outdoors. There's something there for all skill levels; whether you are looking for an easy stroll or if you are looking for a really hard workout that gets your heart pumping. It's a beautiful area that allows  you to really appreciate the desert and is full of really awesome views of the city, the immediate desert surroundings, and the distant mountains.For more information regarding the preserve, you may want to visit http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/preserve.asp or http://www.mcdowellsonoran.org . At these websites, you can download copies of maps for the preserve.For a quick but challenging hike, I recommend the Sunrise Trail. You can reach the Sunrise Trailhead by driving east on Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd and turning left on Via Linda. Keep driving through Via Linda until you hit a gated community. At the gate, hang left into a small dirt parking lot. This lot is typically full on the weekend mornings, but there is another dirt parking lot just before it primarily intended for horse trailers. The elevation difference is 1095' and is rated "difficult" by the preserve which is one rating below "very difficult". The length of the trail from trailhead to Sunrise Peak is about 2 miles. Once at the top, you get a great view of the Matazal Mountains in the northeast as well as the valley. It's definitely worth making it to the top.That's just one of the trails I frequent and a route I like to take when I need to get some outside time, but don't have much time to do it. I usually take this route towards late afternoon and finish up at sundown. There's really so much at the preserve and I could probably go on and on about having logged in so many hours appreciating what is there. It's best to discover it for yourself. Checking the websites I previously mentioned is a great starting point as they are very detailed about what is offered. I highly recommend the McDowell Sonoran Preserve. I thoroughly enjoy my experiences there and believe it was a well thought out project.
4	Not as vertical as Camelback or Squaw (excuse me, Piestewa)Peak.  Push your pace and you can get a decent cardio workout.
5	The McDowell Preserve (Gateway Access area)is one of my favorite places to hike. There are an infinite number of loops ranging from 1-2 miles, and for those ambitious people, 10+ mile loops.The most popular trail is the Gateway Loop, which starting from the Access area is about 4.5 miles. There is a minor elevation gain/loss, and for the most part is very flat. The trailhead has cold water fountains, maps, usually a park ranger, plenty of parking, and restrooms. Be sure to get a map - it helps, and bring plenty of water. Unlike Camelback, you'll never have to sit and wait for a parking spot.
5	What a beautiful spot to walk around. It amazes me that we live so close to such natural splendor.Scottsdale did a really nice job with this preserve. I like the different degrees of difficulty they have clearly marked. I took the easy trail... and enjoyed myself.
5	This is a picture perfect desert mountain park that has something for everybody. There is a short zero-hills trail that has some fun and informative information on the trees/plants/wildlife that inhabit the area. There is a very wide array of more challenging hikes and if you keep moving along seemingly endless paths options for different areas to explore. This place is easy to get to and has plenty of parking. I've gone 3 times so far after moving to the area and can't wait to take another path. This is the premier place in the valley to enjoy he unique experience and beauty of the Sonoran desert.
5	One of my favorite places to get away and just experience nature. The preserve encompasses 17,000 acres, and the city is working to add thousands more acres in the next few years. Residents of the northeast part of Scottsdale and Fountain Hills are blessed with sweeping views of the McDowell Mountains every day. I am lucky enough to live in a neighborhood that borders the preserve, and try to take short hikes as often as possible.The easiest way to access the preserve is via the Gateway Trailhead. Located off Thompson Peak, it provides ample parking and a very upscale visitor's center with clean bathrooms and maps. During peak times, volunteers are there to answer your questions and guide you on the appropriate trails.A good introduction to the preserve is the Gateway Loop Trail, a moderate hike of 4.4 miles. The trail leads up to a saddle and then back down. I typically take the trail clockwise, so I encounter the steeper part first (1.7 miles up to the saddle). Great for trailrunners and mountain bikers, although parts of the incline are quite rocky. The Gateway Loop Trail offers access to the Bell Pass Trail and Windgate Pass Trail. I would recommend the Gateway Loop Trail to those in moderate shape. The flatter trails closer to the Gateway Trailhead, such as the Saguaro Loop Trail, are better for those out of shape or new to hiking. Here's a basic map of the trails in the preserve:http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/Assets/Public+Website/preserve/Preserve+Trail+Map.pdfThe Tom's Thumb trailhead is currently understand construction, and the Brown's Ranch Trailhead will begin construction in 2012. If you want to check out the trails at Brown's Ranch before the new trailhead opens, just head east on Dynamite from Pima and turn left on Alma School Road. Follow it until it ends and park. You can navigate using the power lines, rock piles, and Brown and Cone Mountains. Here's a link to the current map offered by the city:http://www.scottsdaleaz.gov/AssetFactory.aspx?vid=57627
5	The McDowell Sonoran Preserve is easy and beautiful to hike.  There are some steep inclines and declines on uneven loose rocks on the trail.  Breathtaking views and worth every ounce of sweat...  A major plus is that you don't need to fight for a parking space.  Happy hiking!
5	This was my first desert hike. We did the Gateway Loop. Rated a "moderate" level trail we had a nice walk with awesome city and desert/mountain views throughout, though the heat and elevation of the trial did test us at times. Nothing a quick break and drink couldn't repair.                  We also went in a counterclockwise direction.    This area has many well marked trails for all experience levels. Take a lot of water with you, and don't wait until 10:00am to start on a 90 plus degree day!   Great experience!!
5	Are you a hiker bored with the same old routine; weekend jaunts up Camelback or Piestewa?Try this on for size, McDowell Mountain.You can access it either from the Windgate or Bell Pass trails, then, once at the pass, it's pretty much vertical. (No formal trail)Not vertical as in ropes, but more like a 75 degree ascent. Completely do-able with sticks, boots and strong legs.The trek from Gateway Center to Windgate Pass is around four to five miles on a nicely graded path. Once at the pass, you'll need to free-climb the rest of the way.Your reward?A 360 view of the valley, spanning from Mesa all the way to the Bradshaw and Mazatzal mountain ranges. Simply spectacular.I recommend starting pre-dawn, especially with the hot weather approaching.If you do attempt this hike, wear good boots, long pants, and leather gloves since some of the ascent is on all fours.Also bring a ton of water. I went through six-sixteen ounce bottles and ran out a couple miles before returning to The Gateway.Here's another tip. If you're by yourself, wear a bike helmet in case you go down. Also bring a cell phone and an old cd with you in case you fuck-up and break a leg or twist an ankle or something.You can call for help and use the cd to flash signal the air ambulance.Note:There's no trail to the top of McDowell Mountain from Windgate Pass, but you can follow an old barbed wire fence laying on the ground for a ways, starting just up from the pass.When you're finished with this achievement, head for Temple Bar, just down the street on Thompson Peak & Bell Roads where in a fitting salute the mountain's namesake, General Irvin McDowell, you'll slog down a couple beers and as many shots in his honor.General Irvin McDowell. Famed Indian figher, West Point grad, and chronic alcoholic in his later years.Drink one for you and several for him. What the fuck. No-one in the bar will care, in fact, their level of interest in your accomplishment will likely be measured in micro-give-a-shits.
5	Absolutely Stunning!  I just moved to Scottsdale and had been chomping at the bit to get to the trails.  I am a runner and had been training for both elevation and incline, well I got both here!  The Inspiration Point trail is the one I chose since I only had 2 water bottles and unfortunately did not bring my Camelback!  aaarrggh! or I would have done the Tom's Thumb Trail as well.  I was able to run up most of the way and only slowed to look back at the views...Holy Crap! You could see all of Scottsdale and beyond.  Since I started at 5:30AM because I knew that it we be hot by 9AM, there were few people on the trails and I guess also due to it being AUGUST! Ha, anyway...I got the top and could tell an immediate temp difference with a small rain shower that drenched me in all of 30-45 seconds...Awesome!  The wind was cool and blowing nicely at the top and it was then that I stopped and took in all of the 360 degree views.Okay, so my next trail run will be Tom's Thumb (with plenty of water!) this next weekend!  I could see myself up there every weekend for awhile!
5	Best in the valley!!
5	Absolutely beatiful hiking area. The Gateway Loop in particular is my favorite. It really takes you away from the noise of civilization and back to nature. It's not too strenuous, and definitely dog friendly. On the weekends, it does get very packed with walkers and runners alike, so be aware of your surroundings. Something very special about the trail head is the educational nature walk they have installed. There are about fifteen stops along the path with information about the plant life, animal life, weather, ecology and human interaction with and of the Sonoran Desert. Im glad I took the time to check it out because I definitely learned a lot about the desert that I hadn't known before. Highly recommended way to spend a few hours.
4	Today was my third visit!  I only learned about the place a little over a year ago (I moved into the area during the first quarter of 2011), but I only paid my first visit last week!  I've concentrated on just one trail, pushing myself to go further (and quicker) each time, and I still haven't finished the complete lap.  It's a great workout, and today I learned that the further you  go into a specific trail, the rougher the path gets.Great views, clean air, and a great workout each and every time.  If you haven't visited MSP, you must rectify this immediately!  :)
5	Run the gateway loop multiple time a week. Great 4 mile run/hike. This place has good parking and the nicest restroom I've ever seen at a trailhead.
5	Great facilities and lots of parking.  The Gateway Loop trail was moderately challenging and offered some great views.  Busy on the weekend but thinned out a mile into the trail.
4	If you like brown, this is the place to hike.Did the Gateway Loop.  Counter clockwise.  The first mile felt like it took forever.  And I questioned only having one bottle of water for me and the wife.  I was starting to think about sucking cactus juice.  But once we got to the Gateway Saddle it was smooth sailing, cooler, greener, and less arid.A good 3.6 mile hike that will take about 3 hours if you walk it at a decent clip.
5	Really nice 5 mile hike that was easy on the knees.
5	Great station, and great trails.  Small parking lot, so get there early!
5	One of the best hiking trails in Phoenix. Close to the 101 Freeway and convenient to grab a bite to eat after your workout. I've even seem MTN. Bikes on this trail system, so single-track or Sunday stroll, it's pretty much good for all skill levels.
4	I went to the Tom Thumb trailhead last Sunday, but when we got there, we realized that hike was a double diamond and became intimidated. We ended up walking along a bunch of the smaller trails such as the rock knob trail (I think that was what it was called). The scenery was beautiful, all the flowers are blooming right now! We saw a bunch of wildlife, small animals, lizards, etc. The hiking wasn't strenuous, even for trails marked as moderately difficult (maybe we should have gone for the double diamond). The trails were fairly well maintained, but there was a lot of dog poop all over the trails....not so cool. Also, it was quite the drive to get out there. I would probably only go here once in awhile due to it being a loooong drive from my house, but the benefit to that is that there is more to see out here due to it being more a part of the desert.
5	Outstanding system of trails!  Best thing about Scottsdale. You can go to the Gateway Trailhead and hike anywhere from 15 minutes to 5+ hours, with some unbelievably challenging hikes.  Huge parking lot, great facilities. Note that there are other trailheads in the system, with less parking, and no toilets. There's the pretty basic "Gateway Loop Trail" (Gateway Saddle) that gives you a real sense of what's available (used to take me 90 minutes, now 60 mins). As you get better, you can do the Windgate and/or Bell Pass trails - up to 90 mins to the passes, or more if you go slow.  Doing the entire 'loop (bell pass and windgate passes, looping around the east end) takes me about 3 hours now, used to take closer to 4. The Gateway Loop is often busy, but if you head out to the passes, the traffic dies to almost nothing .... I saw no-one from Bell Pass to Windgate Pass this weekend - almost an hour of solitude (it was over 90 degrees). Beware of mountain bikers; they are supposed to yield to foot traffic but that's a joke. I had to visit the ER (removal of Saguaro needles) thanks to an overly aggressive biker 'insisting' on getting past me on a narrow section of Sunrise Trail ... I tried to get out of his way as a favor but lost my footing on the loose gravel (which is like ice) and collided with a saguaro for my troubles. Politely tell them to hold off and remind them they are supposed to yield to you (good luck with that!). In the spring, the flowers are amazing and everyone you meet is friendly (on foot, at least!). Wear a hat, carry water, and don't go further than you can handle!
5	This place is a really great scenic and good hike if you love Mother Nature. I enjoyed my visit here, and I hope I didn't come here near the summer, but other than this place is so so so beautiful in its natural way. I would come here again!
5	I lived in AZ for the past year and this is a rare gem. The bathrooms are also nicer than most restaurants, yet this is a nature preserve. Well done Scottsdale. I spent hours here after work, before work, on the weekends exploring the trails. You will never be bored in this park as there are so many different mountains to explore and trails to hike at all different levels. I only stuck to the gateway loop myself, but this is an awesome moderate hike and the perfect relaxing alternative to camelback or piestewa. The scenery is also amazing even if you don't hike very far up and I recommend if you have the option to go during the desert bloom because this place is packed with flowers during that time. I have seen snakes here multiple times, but you're in the middle of the desert so just be careful. Bring a sh*t ton of water and sunscreen and go sweat out all the fireball you drank the night before:)
3	I hiked the Gateway Loop Trail, which is 4.6 miles total.  It was a Saturday and it was very busy.  The parking lot was packed, but we were able to easily find a parking spot.Before you walk in to the trail head, you walk through a welcome center area of sorts.  There's a map of the trails in the preserve with a model to show you where to go.  It also tells you the difficulty levels of the trails so you know what to expect.  That was very cool.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdowell-sonoran-preserve-scottsdale?select=l-PThMUC157rOFrBSibtcw#l-PThMUC157rOFrBSibtcwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdowell-sonoran-preserve-scottsdale?select=11QU2z1pB4YGASeO_elaxA#11QU2z1pB4YGASeO_elaxAThere were a couple of volunteer guys greeting people and helping them figure out where to go.  If they weren't there, it would've been very confusing to find out where to go.  It's not intuitive.  Despite the models and maps, it's not clearly marked until you walk into the preserve for 1000 ft or so.Once we got on the trail, it was pretty cool.  The Gateway Loop Trail has some nice views of the Valley.  Camelback and Mummy Mountains are easily seen.  On the North side of the trail, you can see the Troon and Pinnacle Peak areas.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdowell-sonoran-preserve-scottsdale?select=FylmgvBeS_V7uRaXyxSqJA#FylmgvBeS_V7uRaXyxSqJAHowever, there wasn't much else to look at.  Except for a lizard, we didn't see any animals or wildlife.  We heard a few birds squawking to warn each other that people were nearby, but we didn't see them.  It gets kind of boring if you don't have anything to look at on a trail.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mcdowell-sonoran-preserve-scottsdale?select=VUkoLu93oFa1eB4dK8pyhA#VUkoLu93oFa1eB4dK8pyhAOverall, it was an OK hiking experience.  I am accustomed to more scenic hiking trails, so I was a bit bored after a while.  The number of mountain bikers on the trail annoyed me.....they're so dangerous for hikers, I don't like them.I'm planning to hike the Lost Dog Trail this week.  Let's see how that goes.Return Factor - 80%
5	Brought my 5 and 3 year old children here after reading reviews.  It was great for them.  There was a park greeter there who helped me out and pointed me to the Bajada trail (a small paved loop with about 12 educational stations and some places to sit and rest).  He was extremely pleasant and helpful and the Bajada Trail was great.  Particularly the panoramic with descriptions of the area and the pictures of the wildlife.Only downside as a parent of young ones are the "hard core" speed walkers / joggers who apparently try to set land speed records from the minute they exit their car in the parking lot.  The first 100 yards from the Welcome Center to get to the Bajada trail is crowded on Saturday at 9AM.  This shouldn't be a deterrent for other parents, just be mindful of the weekend warrior who absolutely has to sprint that first 100 yards.
4	After hiking camelback, I was hoping that this trail would be more challenging then it was. We did the loop trail, which was 4.6 miles. You don't have as much of a panoramic view as you do when you're hiking camelback, but the trail is very peaceful for a Sunday afternoon. This is more of a relaxing hike than a exercise hike. It's a good running hike, since you don't have much of an incline, but be careful of all the rocks and unsteady gravel. There are a lot of cacti here, I bet it would be amazing to come here when they bloom. Anyway, I became bored halfway in with nothing much to look at, but the start of the trail is really cool. You have a map of the mountains and the types of routes you can take. Also have a lot of information on the preserve. I would return to do a run, but not to hike. It's a good hike for a newbie though!
5	This was my first time hiking in AZ- and now I want to come back. With a group we did about a 2 hr 5mile hike and had a blast. Our guides were from Arizona Outbackers and they were great. The trails are very scenic and well marked.  I hope to get out this way again soon.
5	Great place to hike with plenty of trails to choose from. My favorite is the sunrise trail or Tom's Thumb.
4	Great hike!  Love doing the gateway loop trail. This is a great hike because it's not too crowded and it's moderate level. Another bonus is that the bathrooms are really clean and parking is easy. Looking forward to doing the hike to Tom's Thumb one day too.
5	Apache Wash in Sonoran Desert Preserve  I'm afraid to say how much I love it for fear of it getting found out.  For you Camelback Snobs, stay at Camelback.  I hike every day after work, so I thought I'd try a new trail, I was getting tired of N Mountain.  Sonoran Desert Preserve is my new hangout.  I'm lucky enough to live 15 min away, so hitting the trails after work is my mini-vacation for the day.  I love the desert, so Sonoran desert Preserve views still amaze me...from the JOshua trees, the plethera of saguaro, palo verde trees, the sage bushes, red dirt etc etc.  I do part of the Ridgeback up to the Ridgeback Overlook back down to the Apache Wash, Sidewinder Trail then up to Apache Vista then back down to the Ocotillo.  It's about a 5 mile hike and took me about 1 hr and 30 min, but I did stop to take a few pics and to catch my breath at the top of the Ridgeback Overlook.  The trails are narrow and there are mountainbikers, just keep an open ear, move over and let them pass. I wouldn't recommend Ridgeback trail for small children, the drop off is pretty steep. The city of Phoenix did a spectacular job.  Sonoran is heaven on earth!!
5	Great trails for all levels of ability. Bring plenty of water and wear good shoes (leave the flip flops at home). There is a great little welcome area with a topographic map, bathrooms, and water fountains, even one for dogs. The views are beautiful and the trails are well marked and well kept.
4	I've been here twice to hike the Gateway Loop trail with my dog. Parking has been easy both times. We enjoyed the hike even though it was a bit crowded. The only con about this place is that to get to the trails you have to walk over a bridge made of metal slats which my dog HATES. She refuses to walk over it which means I have to carry her and she's not a little dog so it's no easy feat.
5	This is a perfect area for all ages and abilities to get out and enjoy the desert. There is a flat paved nature trail as well as many other trails leaving from the welcome center. Volunteers were on hand to answer questions. The city of Scottsdale does a great job of maintaining this heavily used preserve. There are drinking fountains and rest rooms at the welcome area. We enjoyed the 4 1/2 mile Gateway Loop which was a moderate uphill hike to the Gateway saddle then an easy downhill hike the rest of the way. There are lots of beautiful views all along the loop. Bring water and wear good shoes. Flip flops or flimsy shoes aren't safe on these rocky desert trails.  Sunscreen and a hat are very helpful too.
5	Great trailhead and beautiful views.
5	By far my favorite hiking area! I love to do the Gateway loop, I don't have to think about how far to go and when to turn back, it does that for me. Bathrooms, guides, useful maps, plenty of parking, water, what more could you ask for? Scottsdale is a great city and it's evident in this public facility. I would love to try more trails but this is my favorite trailhead.
4	A little more challenging than Pinnacle Peak, however it is a completely different type of trail.Me, my wife and my 11 month old son (on my back), did the gateway loop.  It is a very remote trail and not nearly as busy as Pinnacle Peak.  The trail is rough, so wear good shoes.  Also bring bug spray!  We forgot ours and paid dearly.
5	Absolutely stunning views and nice trails.  Free parking, water fountains, and even doggie water fountains.  This is a MUST-DO while in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!
5	Wanted to go hiking during our trip to Scottsdale so we got recommendation from the hotel concierge.  We picked this easy one since we're not experienced hikers.  Hiked at 6:30 AM for an hour.  Most of the trail is rocky and dusty so wear dirty shoes and watch wear you walk.  Very peaceful and tranquil that at times, there was not a bit of sound.  Didn't see much wildlife except a few birds and small lizards.  Not much of a scenery, but it was a good workout.
4	If you want a great hike in the area that's not as crowded or hard as Camelback, this is your move. I don't know if I've ever been to such a user-friendly hike. Free parking, volunteers to help you out, bathrooms, water, free trail maps, and trail markers all over. It doesn't get better than this.The Gateway Loop trail is an easy 4.5 mile hike with a gradual climb and some nice views.TIP: Some GPS maps don't get you to the right address if you search for this name. Search for the address.I have all the details, along with maps and turn by turn directions, on my blog here:http://theoutsidelife.com/hikes/hiking-in-phoenix-mcdowell-sonoran-preserve/if you found this helpful, PLEASE CLICK USEFUL BELOW so that other people can find this review and enjoy the hike. Have a great hike fellow outdoors lover!
5	My rule of thumb is that you can tell what part of town you're in by whether or not the public restrooms have mirrors. If they have a piece of polished metal or worse yet, a concrete wall, then you're not in a good area. Old beat up or scratched mirrors, maybe slightly better. But what about when you're in a place with public restrooms that look like you're at a 5-Star resort? Well that's a sign that you're in a really nice place, and that's what you find at the trailheads of the McDowell Sonoran Preserve in Scottsdale!But enough about the bathrooms, do your business and get outside to see the beautifu scenery that makes you grateful to live in Arizona (or at least that you get the chance to visit). Take a hike or run around the Gateway Loop Trail, hike Tom's Thumb, or just sit and watch the wildlife. No matter what you do you'll be out in one of the most beautiful places, and one of the nicest spots, in the entire Valley of the Sun!
5	I live nearby and love coming here! It has so many trails, all with different views. I'm obsessed. They have bathrooms, water fountains & plenty of markers on the trails that it's nearly impossible to get lost. It's definitely heavily populated but not enough that it takes away from the experience. Depending on what trail you hike it could be rigorous but not too difficult. Just overall a great place to hike & watch the sunset!
5	Was visiting from California and turned to Yelp for a great place to hike and once again Yelp users were spot on.  This was a great place to go.  We did the Gateway Loop which was 4.5 miles and was moderate -- not too hard at all.  I wish we had time to explore more of the longer trails.  It is very pretty here.  Maybe next visit...
5	So many great options!  Our current fav is gateway access to Tom Thumb. 11.5 mo with 2000' elevation change. Just fantastic!
5	Love love love the gateway trail at the McDowell mountain preserve! This is the most beautiful well rounded trail in north Scottsdale. With lots of healthy flora and fauna to observe in the fresh desert landscape. 180 valley views and the gateway trail can be done in about an hour!
5	This place is absolutely beautiful. Seriously. Not really sure what else to say. The trails are awesome (albeit be careful as you can get lost) Plenty of parking and there are bathroom facilities. All a win in my book. If you haven't checked out this area, please do so. You will not be disappointed.
5	Plenty of parking, not crowded at all! I was amazed at how sparkly clean the bathroom was! I really enjoyed my time here, and I learned a lot about all the different animals and cacti, from reading all of the informative signs. Who knew how interesting these things can be!?! Definitely will be back!
