4	Was there today for brunch. I ordered a vanilla latte and their florentine omelet. My friend ordered their oats and nuts pancakes. The service wasn't great, but the food was really good. I rated it a 4 star because I didn't like how long things took to get to our table and I didn't like how they up-charge for anything and everything you change. Besides that, the decor is fun and cheerful. The coffee is wonderful and the breakfast was great.
5	I thought this place was excellent. They have a HUGE menu with breakfast and lunch items. I tried the southwest omelette and nut and oat waffle. Both were awesome. Some reviews say the wait for food was terrible but this is their 3rd day! Staff was all super nice ...
2	I really wanted to love this place. The location and atmosphere are awesome. However the food was average and the service was terrible. Water took 30 minutes to come, the server didn't know anything about the menu including coffees and sides that came with meals, and when the food arrived it was all mixed up. I hope this is due to just opening. I may come back to try it again hoping things improve.
4	We liked it. Yes, food took a while and some things came out wrong, but they opened 8 days ago. Once they work out the kinks this place will be great. Server/bartenders were SO nice, food was good, atmosphere is fantastic. French press coffee? Yes please. Really creative breakfast menu and breakfast cocktail selection.
4	I had been patiently waiting for this place to open! I was super excited when they did, however a little underwhelmed by some of the reviews. Maybe I had hyped it up in my head too much? But I decided to give it a go anyway. Went here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and was immediately sat. We were kind of lucky coming a bit later as it wasn't too busy. The decor is adorable, with bright, spring colors. Unfortunately it was too cold to dine outside, so we were sat indoors. The booths are bright green and quite roomy-I wondered what this place was beforehand? My boyfriend seems to think it used to be a sushi restaurant.  Our server was Lauren, and she was really friendly and helpful with the menu. My boyfriend and I ordered mimosas and coffee, and drinks came relatively quickly.  The menu is rather extensive with both breakfast and lunch choices. I opted to order the Scottsdale Burrito (egg whites, tomato, spinach, goat cheese and hash browns), and my boyfriend ordered the My Eggs My Way. Our food arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and was delicious! Overall, my experience with Morning Squeeze was a good one. Although they just opened, I feel like they are a very promising restaurant. I had realistic expectations that were far exceeded by the excellent service and delicious food. Will definitely come back again!
2	Service was terrible and the food was mediocre.  The wait was long (despite beating the bro-crowd on the weekend) and the waitress seemed confused and overwhelmed.  I think she was schizophrenic.  After 30 minutes she tells us that the cook had messed up one of our orders so we had to wait another 15 minutes.  I ordered a veggie omelette and it was cold and stale (including the toast).  Nothing spectacular for my taste buds.  My friend's Egg's Benedict was cooked horribly wrong, i.e., the eggs were hard-boiled.  And it wasn't covered with any hollandaise sauce but instead what appeared to be a streak of brown gravy.  I hope it was gravy. This place is in the heart of old-town and I was expecting great food by talented chefs.  I'd choose Randy's over Morning Squeeze, unless they improve soon.
2	2 stars for now. I know they just opened but...First of all, a star for the decor and ambiance. It's so cute and colorful and comfy! We were worried there would be a wait (the place seemed packed) but were able to snag a spacious booth overlooking the kitchen. This may seem like a great idea, but I was able to watch food get sent back (3 different meals in the time we waited for ours) and see how long certain plates were left under hot lamps. Being able to watch the kitchen in action is neat in theory, but if you're well-versed in the ways of restaurant life, you'll catch these problems easily.Another star for service. Our server was sweet but slow...because I think she was overwhelmed. She would disappear for long stretches (as in, I couldn't find her in the whole place) and it took forever for coffee refills because they were out of glasses. Again, I don't fault her at all. I think that she must have been slammed. Every table in the place was taken.The food? Well. I ordered the Scottsdale burrito, and subbed cheddar for the goat cheese. Instead, it came with no cheese. The menu promised hash browns inside the burrito...and they were, and they were frozen shreds with no crisp or color to them. They blended in with the egg whites. Dammit.Boyfriend ordered the Odelay scramble, with a microscopic amount of chorizo. His side of breakfast potatoes was tasty, at least. Why couldn't they put THOSE potatoes in the burrito? Everything was just underwhelming. The place has a gigantic breakfast and lunch menu...maybe scale back and focus on making a smaller amount of items, but doing them REALLY well? We both agreed we'd give them one more shot if we're in the area and only if there isn't a wait. Otherwise, there are just too many solid breakfast places in Scottsdale.
4	Had a very nice lunch at the Morning Squeeze. Sat outside and enjoyed the rising temps. My wife had a salad and I had the patty melt on rye... Both were great! Service was prompt and reliable and prices decent. The only negative was they didn't take Discover... But not a big deal.
4	It took awhile to open, but it was worth the wait... And now I have another great breakfast place in my 'hood to add into the rotation - hooray!I had a breakfast meeting this morning and suggested we meet at Morning Squeeze since I hadn't been yet.  It was 8:30am on a Thursday am and there was a nice buzz going on when I walked in, but not too crowded. The hostess was welcoming and I like the colorful decor... Shortly after I met my colleague, we were greeted by our servers, who were just attentive enough.  Our drinks were delivered quickly, which I was thankful for too!I went with their wheat pancakes and a side of egg whites and my friend had the oatmeal brulee.  My eggs were a bit on the salty side, but I dealt with it, and we both enjoyed our breakfast.  The pancake serving size was huge, so I even had leftovers to bring home!  The only awkward feedback was that my "side of egg whites" came on two extremely small plates instead of one medium sized one.  They also only had small to-go containers, which wasn't a big deal, but hopefully they'll order some medium sized plates and larger to-go containers in the future.Other than that, I found prices to be moderate and service spot-on.  Parking wasn't an issue and the location is super convenient to my office and the heart of Old Town, which I love!  I look forward to returning soon.  I hear their lunch menu is pretty good too!
4	I went to Morning Squeeze for the first time today. I really liked it! The booth was comfy, the decor is colorful, cheery and hip, and the staff was friendly. I had the Scottsdale breakfast burrito, which had egg whites, potatoes, spinach, and tomatoes inside. It was served with a side of fruit. The portion size was perfect, and the food was very good. The waitress kept my iced tea filled and the manager stopped by twice to make sure everyone was happy. The menu is huge, so everyone in my party had lots of choices. I will definitely be back!
2	I've been waiting for this place to open and was so excited when it finally did. I just got my first chance to go yesterday. It wasn't as good as I was hoping for. Our waitress seemed like she wanted to be anywhere but there and was impossible to find most of the time. Two people at our group ordered coffee and she never came around to give them a refill. The food was ok but I honestly could have made the same stuff at my house and I'm not even a great cook. I'm not totally writting them off...I know they just opened so I'm hoping that they will work out the kinks. I'll probably try them again in a couple months...I won't be rushing back next weekend!
5	We became addicted after our first visit, so returned 3 days in a row.  After checking out our free hotel breakfast, we ran to our car and drove the couple of minutes to Squeeze and never looked back.  Great coffee & cappuccinos.  Order the breakfast tacos (3 in a tray will fill you up), blueberry or wheat & nuts pancakes - yumm.  Good OJ, too.  Loved the color scheme, so bright and refreshing and after a good cup of their coffee helped me wake up to a great day.  And the servers - we had a different server each day but each one was friendly, knew the menu and helpful.  I'm missing you, Morning Squeeze, already.  See you next year while at Spring Training - Go Giants!
1	I dunno, when you hire people who appear to have never worked in a restaurant and hope their good looks will cover up their service deficiencies, you most likely are on a path to ruin.  The food sounded like it would be good but we don't know.  We checked in at the greeting stand and were told the wait would be 5 - 10 minutes.  We said were going to get a couple Bloody Mary's.  We sat at the bar waiting to order for 20 minutes. - one of the bartenders gave us a glass of water and walked away.  Maybe she pitied our thirst.  We noticed several customers waiting like us only a little more frustrated.  I went back to the greeting stand and the woman told me she thought I left but immediately sat us.  We sat by the kitchen and watched the chef freaking out on the wait staff and seeming very stressed out.  We waited about 7 minutes until a waitress came by and said, "Sorry you've waited so long; I will right with you.". She could have taken our drink orders then but she did not.  We continued to wait 8 more minutes watching the panicked, stressed out chef and waitresses and then decided to leave.  Cute waitresses, cool design crappy, non-existent service.
5	Be prepared to wait on the weekend to get a table, but it's worth it. Seriously some of the best eggs benny ever! I had the crab cake eggs benedict and it was sublime. Everyone at the table enjoyed their breakfast. My buddy had the breakfast burrito, which he raved about. Definitely coming back!The only thing I'd do different is not get the gin/vodka bloody mary combo. Sounds crazy, I know. It tastes like gin and vodka combined. 'Nuff said.
5	Went today for the first time & so excited to have a new spot, everything was perfect from service, food, and ambience, some of the other popular breakfast places are starting to feel like college cafeterias....Loud, crowded & get you in get you out. Morning squeeze is my new main squeeze! Best hash browns ever!
5	I came here with my mom last weekend when I was visiting Scottsdale, and it was awesome. We can early enough, around 8am so there wasn't a wait but when we left at 9ish, the line was out the door.Here are my pros:- Huge, diverse and well explained menu. There is something for everyone here. I was boring and got the basic eggs and sausage plate, and it was delicious but I should have been adventurous. Mom got the Denver Omelette and she finished it wish a huge grin, loved it!- Pets are allowed! As a dog lover I couldn't be happier that this was a pet friendly place.- Price, very fair! Nothing was really over $12 and the portions were generous.- Healthy and fresh ingredientsCons:- At times the wait was a little much but it's popular so what can we expect? Overall, be sure to try it if you're in the area!
4	Such a fantastic interior! So bright and inviting! Love it! But, make sure to ask for your sausage or bacon extra cooked, it arrived very, VERY under done. Oh, and the iced coffee blends are Delish!
4	Really fun place for everyone to have breakfast.  There are puce vinyl booths with tall sides on the interior, and a long bar with seats both inside and on the sidewalk.  Misters hover in the overhang for when misters are necessary to keep patrons chill.Servers are in track shoes and pastel sports gear.  Orders do come out of the kitchen quickly, but come on - Do we really need that visual reminder of how that all happens? I had a pulpy orange juice - delicious.  And a guilty short stack. Also delicicous.  But fair warning.  Food should be cooked, not ready to be spit out.  The sausage links were pink, warm, and as far as I could tell, closer to raw than cooked.  Without prompting, the server took them off the table as well as off the check.   Gotta run.  Hope to see you here again soon.
5	Had a fantastic breakfast here.  Simple but perfect.  Poached eggs, bacon extra crispy and toast.  The coffee was delicious.  The eggs poached to perfection.  Tons of other choices on the menu of omelets and such.... but I'm a simple breakfast guy usually.Love the ambiance of the place... cool trendy design throughout.  Even have a patio for dog folks.All the staff were super attentive and dressed in very fetching workout type outfits.Definitely one of my favorite places.... and is just down the street from another breakfast place that is too "snooty" and not all that hot.  Go here instead!
4	Great food, much better than breakfast club.
5	Amazing food and awesome decor. I usually never venture out and try different things for breakfast, but their menu has so many interesting items on it. The eggs benedict with the crab cake is so delicious! The patio is dog friendly, and they have free wi-fi.
3	This place is always packed so had to try it. Had the breakfast tacos with turkey sausage. Very flavorful and good salsa. My bf had eggs Benedict. Although the eggs were cooked perfectly, the hollandaise sauce tasted greasy, rather than buttery, lemony. Too many other good restaurants to go back there
3	All of the reviews for this place are glowing, but it is really nothing special.I had the eggs benedict florentine, which was cooked very well, but had very little taste (so weird!)My boyfriend had the Eggs My Way, which was, once again, nothing special.I also had an iced vanilla latte-- it wasn't anything great and, unfortunately, Starbucks would have been better.The regular coffee was really good, not sure what they're brewing, but it was smooth and I wish I got that instead of the iced latte.We didn't have to wait for a table, so that was nice, but after a while a line did start forming by the front door.Dogs are allowed on the side patio where there is a separate entrance, so that is pretty neat.It's not bad, but it is just not incredible or amazingly awesome-- you won't be disappointed.
4	Great. Fast and very friendly service. Food was good, ordered omelets, French toast, the basics. Sat outside w/ kids.  Also went on a Sunday at 9am, during spring training time, and wait was 20 mins not bad and not an issue.   Oh they do allow pets in their patio so if that's an issue for you dont go but when we were there, there was only 1 pup there no biggie deal at all!)
5	Holy... Best breakfast EVER! Do yourself a favor and try my crucial combo, the breakfast tacos (no meat for me! sub black beans instead) and the mocha fit frap. The food tastes fresh, not greasy or heavy. The tacos are probably the lightest tacos I've ever had. We went 3 weekends in a row it was so good. I could seriously eat this every morning for the rest of my life and be a happy happy girl.  The service is great. The servers and food runners are attentive and friendly. The decor is bright and clean, inside is pretty noisy on a Sunday morning but you if can sit outside on a nice day you'll find it less "happening" and a little toned down. You can also bring your dog on one side of the patio; always a plus in my book. I honestly don't need to go anywhere else for a breakfast, this is my new spot.
5	I was there everyday for the month of March for Spring training. The place is friendly and the prices can not be bet. I had one bad server, but management responded A.S.A.P. I was impressed. This is a plus for Scottsdale.
2	I think this place will be around a long time because of the location, hip/cutesy decor, and full bar featuring 92,347 variations on a Bloody Mary. I think you end up paying for style with little substance.The menu is pretty big. My group had a salad with chicken and a fancy sandwich. The "local greens" in the salad turned out to be iceberg lettuce, which was disappointing. The sandwich was okay, but the "side of fries" consisted of 14 fries. The coffee, on the other hand, was quite good. We didn't have anything from the bar.Service was okay overall.Perhaps the bar drinks are great or the huge menu is has some great options, but I don't think I'll be back.
4	This place is great!  They even have a part of their patio designated for people with dogs!  Great service, great food, and if the line's too long here (which it has been a couple times we've stopped by), there are more great brunch spots within walking distance.
4	great variety menu, good food, excellent breakfast drinks.  the atmosphere is perfect for an indoor/outdoor experience.  we come here regularly and like the speed and service from the counter.
3	I had the steak and eggs which I would highly recommend you don't get.  Eggs (over easy) were the runniest I've ever seen eggs.  The egg water flooded my plate as soon as I put my fork in it.  There seemed to be a lot of butter somewhere on my plate too, so I had a pool there by the end of it..The meat wasn't terrible, but no seasoning to speak of.  Not the greatest cut of meat.  And I had to rip through it with the butter knife too which I thought was odd..My friend got a sausage and mushroom omelet.  It was decent.  I don't think I like the hashed browns but the country potatoes were solid.I would like to try the egg white omelets they have before final judgement, but definitely never getting eggs over easy again!
4	Good breakfast place. Nice patio (when it's not too hot). Simply an enjoyable place with decent food! I'll definitely be back to try something else and for lunch as well!
4	A great new addition to Old Town Scottsdale! As one of my coworkers said, this is the type of the place she would go when she is on vacation. Luckily, we live and work in a resort community, so we can go here all the time.Morning Squeeze specializes in breakfast and lunch. It is brightly decorated with colorful booths inside, a square bar that can be accessed from the inside or from the dog friendly patio. The wait staff are very friendly and are willing to answer all of your questions about the menu, but be nice, they deal with enough jerks who are either hungover or still drunk from the night before in Scottsdale.I've tried both breakfast and lunch items so far and found everything to be delicious although my coworker noted that her crab cakes could be a little crisper. My favorite so far are the Eggs Benedict.Morning Squeeze also prides itself on a large selection of Bloody Mary's for those who want a kick start to the day.If you like to eat out for breakfast this is definitely a place to add to the regular rotation.
2	I would strongly suggest NOT going here.  The place looks amazing and is in a great location....all the while serving mediocre diner food.  Don't waste your time...or just go to the French Cafe "Au Petit Four" right next door.
3	Cool looking place, it is very small.  They do have a small bar inside. I had an omelet I think called the Florence, it was made from egg whites and had ricotta and spinach inside.  It was good but a little greasy and the ricotta gets to be too much as you get towards the middle of the omelet.  Fruit was good although kind of warm and English muffin was large-not bad but the bottom was hard as a rock.  Server was nice and food is pretty cheap but for about the same prices I would probably choose the Good egg over this.  The menu is pretty big, I would go back to try other items like the pancakes and smoothies.
1	I went here with friends for lunch since we work nearby. It wasn't awesome. It's trendy inside, and the waitresses all wear athletic attire, and everything is neon colored, blah blah. Typical Scottsdale trendy stuff. I got the turkey club, which was disgusting. There was ham on it, which it didn't state on the menu, and the ham eventually had to be taken off because it tasted like either over salted balogna, or Spam. The fries were cold, stuff and flavorless. I got a side of ranch to dip my bland cold fries in, and it was so salty I asked the waitress what was wrong with it. She brought me a new side, but it was the same. Salty as all get out. My friend had a breakfast plate she appeared to enjoy, with a side of biscuits and gravy. We tried a bite of the biscuits and gravy, but they were awful. The gravy also tasted like it had Spam or bologna or something in it, and was otherwise without flavor. It has the weirdest aftertaste. There were three of us at the table who love biscuits and gravy, but nobody wanted them. Maybe this place is better at doing breakfast, I don't know, but for the expensive lunch I had, I was very disappointed with the taste and quality of the food, and also the typical Scottsdale attitude of the waitress. Save your nearly twenty bucks and go to Rehab Burger Therapy - or anywhere else but here.
2	Had the crab cake eggs Benedict with hash browns. The crab cake was good but the hollandaise sauce had no flavor, needed some lemon and seasoning. I had to add salt and Tabasco to give it some flavor. I also tried a half order of their corn flake French toast and that was amazing!!
2	Terrible service. That really is all there is to say. Since I have to fill a minimum word count... I can say I had to get up to refill our coffees, 3 of 4 meals were cold when they showed up and had to be re made and I had to go to bar to get our check. Never going back.. It's breakfast... Easy meal to make so if service is bad there is no point. The entire staff should spend the day working at Denny's to see what attentive service looks like.
2	I have been here twice now, and have experienced sub-par service, and an overcooked omelet.The first time I went to the restaurant, the place was no more than a couple weeks old. We had to wait for a few minutes to be seated, but that is to be expected, as it is a new establishment.  After being seated and waiting for about 10 minutes, we finally had a server come and introduce herself.  Since we had already sat there for 10 minutes, we were both ready to order, but right after we had placed our drink orders, the waitress just sped off, so we had to wait another 5 minutes. When the server came back, I had ordered an omelet with potatoes.  The food came out about 15 minutes later, and my omelet was burnt, while the potatoes were cold.  I waited for a few minutes, but our server was nowhere in site.  At this point, I had become impatient and just ate the food and chalked it up to it being a new place, and would come back a 2nd time to try it again.About 2 weeks ago, we finally decided to go back, thinking all the hype should have died down, and we should be able to get some decent service and food.  I was wrong.  We got seated and waited about 10 minutes for a server... again.  This time, we made sure to order the food, and then the drinks.  I ordered the same thing as i did the last time- an omelet.  The food came out while I was in the restroom, so I didn't have a chance to see it while the server was there, but the omelet was burnt... again.  Omelets are supposed to have some yellow to it, but this thing was BROWN.  Anyways, I came back, waited for about 5 minutes, only to see our server playing with a dog on the patio.  This went on for another 3 or 4 minutes, and again, I became a little upset at the fact that we had sat there for so long with minimal service, so I started eating the omelet.  It was a good thing, because she didn't come back until our plates were cleared.  Horrible service, and sub-par food... again.The atmosphere is really cool, and the location is great.  I love to sit outside and people watch, but I do like to eat a decent breakfast with some service more.I understand this is the new trendy restaurant in Scottsdale, but its going to lose fast, if it doesn't start taking care of its customers.  There are plenty of other breakfast places in the area that have outstanding service, with better food.  I suggest you look for those places.
4	This was our destination for the May Smunch.  There was some mix up with our reservation but we were still able to get one of the only two tables that were expandable for a party of more than 4.  From that point on the service and food were great.  I had a crab cakes Benedict that was really good and came with fresh fruit and perfect hash browns that were made even better with a mixture of ketchup and Sriracha.
2	The "Morning Squeeze" and no fresh squeezed juice?  Huh.We were promptly sat at a table when we arrived.  We then waited 5+ minutes before we met our waitress.  Our order came out in a decent amount of time but my biscuits and gravy as well as the accompanying scrambled eggs came out cold.  No check in from the waitress to see how the food was until I had picked my way through 1/3 of the cold dish.  I pointed out what had happened and received no apology, just a whole lot of "and I care why?" attitude.  She retreated into the back room and returned with a zero bill for my breakfast.  That's nice, but still, no apology.  I could continue to ramble on about the remainder of the bad service we received but I'll spare you from having to read it all.  This place is on our "do not return" list.
4	Good service, solid menu, and descent prices. Been here several times and I have always had a good experience.
4	Great food, service, and location. Can get pretty busy and noisy at times but I like the environment. They have a huge menu with tons of options. Overall a good experience.
4	Great breakfast spot!  We went on a Sunday morning, so obviously the place was packed, but we still got a table for 4 in less than 30 minutes.  The waitstaff was amazing and took great care of my two little cousins (1 and 4).  The food was really good (I had the chorizo breakfast tacos), but it came out a bit cold which is my only gripe about the place.   The atmosphere is pretty unique, almost like a retro diner with modern touches.  Very bright and upbeat.  And the crowd was a good mix of families and groups of friends eating and drinking away the effects of the previous evening's activities.  I'll definitely try it out again.
3	Large breakfast & lunch menu but no corned beef hash :(. Good atmosphere and food was pretty good.
4	Bring your dog!
4	We tried this place for the first time the other morning and really liked it. It's super cute inside with lots of little colorful booths. It was really bright in general inside and the waitresses were wearing bright colors too so it just felt cheery in there (and I liked that grass/turf wall). My boyfriend and I both got a benedict. He got the Friends with Bennies (lobster and crab) and I got the classic. Both were good. I got potatoes and he got hash browns, the hash browns were delicious but super buttery. They have a lot of good coffee drink options too (I want to try the orange chai). Our waitress was friendly and it's reasonably priced. I definitely want to go back and I hope this place sticks around because I feel like everything that goes into this building doesn't last :(. Oh yeah and I liked the set up how it was like open to the little patio, it made it feel beachy. Maybe it was because I had beach on the brain since we were heading to SD the following week, but whatever.
2	First visit today for brunch with girlfriends. Service, especially management was very disappointing.  Drink orders are extremely slow.  Ordered two of same drink but received two that were very different, one breakfast order was incorrect, and iced coffee order to go was incorrect.  Two of us were over charged and the manager came over to tell us how WE must have misunderstood...no apology.  Felt like an attempt at telling us we should pay the higher amount. Also, tried to tell my friend that her iced coffee she sent back was made properly.  It was not.   After 20 minutes, we finally received corrected tabs.  There was never an apology for confused orders, miscommunications or delays.  Just bad attitude by the manager. It's too bad since it is a cute place and food (that was ordered correctly) was good.
4	So mom and I wanted to try somewhere we've never been so Morning Squeeze was it today. We walked in to be greeted with friendly hellos and prompt seating. We were sat by the open kitchen, which I love. The menu was extensive so we took a while to figure out what we wanted but we decided on the Cali eggs benedict and a fruit and nut waffle. Fanny was our server and she remembered me from her old job! I couldn't believe it! Service was great. She made great suggestions and brought our food hot, timely and delicious! No management in sight but wasn't looking for one either. Decor was beautiful. I'd definately recommend this place and I look forward to trying lunch here!
4	Morning Squeeze has my favorite breakfast burrito in town.  It is huge, loaded with good stuff, and delicious!  That is the only thing I've had there, so I can't comment on any of the other food, but when I've been with friends, they have always been happy with their food as well.  Unfortunately, I don't make it there very often because it's always so crowded on weekends--a testament to how good it is.  I have been a couple of weekday mornings, though, and my complaint was the same each time-- initially poor service.  Both times, I was seated and then waited at least 10 minutes for a server to come to the table.  I must point out that this was not during high-traffic times, so they couldn't even use being busy as an excuse.  The last time, my boyfriend actually went to the bar to get waters after we'd been sitting for so long, and it was only then that a server noticed and came to our table.  The good news is that, for the rest of the meal, she was pretty attentive.
4	Love this great new brunch place in Old Town.  This is a tiny place but they can sure squeeze a lot of people in.  I recently checked out this place with a friend on a Sunday.  The place was busy with tables but we choose to sit on the patio.  With the hot Arizona heat, it was too bad sitting at the bar.  I would recommend installing some misters.  The service was very good.  We got our Hibiscus Mimosa and Iced coffee within in minutes of sitting down.  I went healthy for breakfast and tried the Squeeze Scramble.  The scramble includes turkey sausage, egg whites, mushrooms and onions.  I added country potatoes and an English muffin to the meal.  My friend tried the Grilled Cheese with truffle fries.  The truffle fries were amazing.  I have no complaints with my visit at the Morning Squeeze and I hope to make many more visits.  They have an extensive menu and I had a hard time making a decision on breakfast.  I wish they would be open for dinner.  I love having breakfast for dinner.
2	Ventured down to Old Town for Sunday Breakfast only to be disappointed!  It's the middle of summer in the desert and like fools we agreed to sit on the patio as it was packed and hoping it wouldn't be miserable.. Given that I am almost 7 months pregnant we had to be asked to move inside mid-way! The hostess handled our situation with a pleasant grace and our original server was very sweet about the change.  When our food arrived they forgot my husbands toast and then he realized that his omelette was not the one he ordered.  So I are without him and then waited for him to eat once his correct omelette came. He also had ordered hash browns but got country potatoes. Both of our egg dishes needed seasoning.. All in all it was pretty bland breakfast. I highly doubt we will ever return!
5	This place is amazing, to be able to enjoy a nice Sunday breakfast and some drinks during the morning at the same time. Yes I said drinks! It's like Vegas! I came here after a long weekend of enjoying a Phoenix Yelp Singles event at Wild Knight. After that night of open bar I was feeling pretty drained however my friend was like hey let's cure that hangover with a drink and this was the place he picked.It was a great and lively place, there was a line, so I knew it had to be great. We were seated outside where you can watch the cars drive by and enjoy the scenery of Scottsdale. There were lots nice cars parked out too like an Audi R8! Alright moving on to the food, I got a simple, 2 eggs, hashbrown, bacon with fresh fruits. Surprisingly it was pretty feeling and fresh. Everything was cooked fresh and didn't have that old oil/grill taste. The fruit looked colorful and fresh as well. Along with that I had a whole french press coffee to myself and that too was amazing. I don't really see much places serving French Press Coffee nowadays. I usually just make it myself at home! It was a great place to just talk, relax, and bring my weekend to an end. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend. Give it a try, it's a great Sunday morning Breakfast/Drink location!
4	It was busy even during the week at lunch. My boyfriend and I came here for lunch during the work week. We had a very nice waitress who helped us. No wait time. It's kind of like another breakfast club, but smaller. It would be good for a breakfast and lunch type day. They do serve breakfast all day they have great items on the menu as well as lunch. They have a really good chicken avocado sandwich that's not high in calories at all. It was savory. I actually do want to go back for breakfast one time. The only thing I did not like, is that they had almost TOO many items on the menu. It was probably because I didn't know what I wanted and it overwhelmed me in regards to where to even start and what to narrow it down too. I could have probably chosen a good 5 things off the menu that I would have ate right there. All in all it was good. Would be fun for a Saturday morning or Sunday morning brunch. For two people it was I think $26-29? Pretty good.
4	I came here for breakfast on a Sunday. We waited under 5 minutes for a table for 4. The service was great, and the food was really great. There were lots of different options for people's tastes, and the presentations were very palatable.
3	I like coming here on the occasional early morning.  The food is pretty good and the prices are about what I would expect.  Service is good too.  Nothing terribly stand-out, but no complaints, either.
5	Our new favorite place to enjoy breakfast in the Valley!  I absolutely love that the patio is pet friendly and they actually have a tail waggers menu for our furry friend...and she loved it (eggs, turkey and cheese).  The OJ is fresh squeezed and to die for.  I tried the ab cruncher (egg white omelette with chicken, tomatoes and spinach)...seriously healthy and good!  You may have to wait, but trust me it is worth it!
1	Not impressed at all. Didn't even get a chance to eat because I waited for 6 minutes without being acknowledged by a server. The hostess asks me if I would like a booth or a table, I say booth and she sighs and acts like the world is ending. This place looks like your typical over priced Scottsdale joint with bimbos as waitresses who can't crack a smile. By the way, when did apple juice become as expensive as grey goose? $5 for a glass of juice? Seriously? I could buy two huge jugs of apple juice at costco for $5. I am glad they waitresses didn't serve me, f this place.
5	I really love this place! Everyone is so friendly, great service great breakfast & lunch. Food is very fresh and they have great drink selections.
2	Great look from the street. Cool interior. Good looking menu content. Service: 3/5 (slow and understaffed - seems more to be a kitchen issue)Cleanliness: 4/5 (too many flies)Food: Ordered a Hillbilly Highrise. sounds good. ordered a large oj ($5) and side of bacon. The bacon would be great if it was at minimum "warm"  obviously precooked, left under a heatlamp (must be broken). It is thick cut which is great but when cold you taste and feel the lard coat your tongue and roof of mouth. Other bacon for peeps at table was same (cold and lard(y)).  As for the main plate. I asked for crispy hashbrowns (these are set on bottom then stacked with beef patties, eggs and sausage gravy.Have you ever had hashbrowns that tasted kinda like fish? it's old oil! they were not crispy either. As for the patties, tasted freezer burned and they were chewy, not chewy like dry thanksgiving turkey, but chewy like bouncy in your mouth.  As a whole, not good. The plate was garnished with pineapple (bruised and soft), the melons, same. obviously old, cut tooooo soon and stored (cold, hot, cold, hot) it breaksdown!The server was nice and asked if I would like to order something else, I did look at the menu again, but realizing we waited 35+ minutes for that order, I just could not do it again.Sorry, but I won't be squeezing again.
1	I've never written a review before but after the service I had today (or lack of) I felt I needed to. Got there at 11 and we were sat right away even though it was super busy. However that is the only positive. We sat for 10 to 15 minutes before the waitress came to take our drink order.  Another 30 minutes before our food was out. Order was wrong, coffee was bitter and since the order took so long I had to ask for a container as soon as I got my food because I only had an hour for lunch. Food was bland and fruit bruised! Have no desire to go back!
3	Sitting in the exterior portion of the bar this morning in a bustling Morning Squeeze was reminiscent of being on a cruise.  The mild weather and breeze, the tropical colors of the decor, the permeating smell of bacon, and the clatter of dishes and silverware all felt like the breakfast buffet on the lido deck of a Caribbean cruise liner.  The food provided a similar feeling in that it was good to be hard to find specific complaints, but not so good as to be memorable in and of itself.  That's fine on a cruise because breakfast is nothing more than an opportunity to fuel up before a day of shore excursions, and honestly for a hip Scottsdale breakfast spot there may not be any need to have great food to attract a crowd.For my money, I want better than tolerable for a $17 out-the-door price for coffee, meal, and tip because there are plenty of better, cheaper breakfast spots in the area and many of those have the added benefit of not being the starting point for Sunday-Funday.  Much like a Caribbean cruise, the staff and patrons were all attractive and well put together for a 9:30 breakfast; most being dressed as lightly as politely acceptable.  In a way, it's a continuation or new start to the Scottsdale social scene, with pickups still occurring.Every part of the service at the bar was prompt.  Quickly provided water and menu, my Americano came out quickly and all the usual barrista questions were asked (which comes down to "hot or cold?"), and once I assumed the I've-looked-at-the-menu-and-am-ready-to-order pose a bartender was there to take my order.  I witnessed a food-prep snafu regarding the diners beside me--their order was taking a while so they asked the bartender to check on it.  She promptly investigated and was quite candid in letting them know that the kitchen didn't put together their custom sandwich (a menu option) correctly and redid it.  A minute or so later she came back to let the diners know their meals would be comped.  It was an impressive level of candor and remedy in a situation that could easily have been covered up.The food, as indicated above, was satisfying but not exceptional.  It's not something I'm in a hurry to return for...  I had the country fried steak and eggs--two eggs any style, hash browns or country potatoes, toast, some fruit, and country fried steak with sausage gravy atop.  The steak could have really used a crisper fry and some more breading to give it a nice crunch and to provide a vehicle for some pepper.  Otherwise, it was tasty and the sausage gravy was a good topping.  The rest of the dish 'was what I thought it was'...which is to say, eggs and toast and potatoes are routine.  My neighbors' dishes looked underwhelming.  3 of the 4 had a breakfast sandwich, which was served without a side.  I'm not sure if that's by choice or design, but it definitely makes for an unimpressive plate.  The remaining person ordered french toast, which looked amazing in that it seemed to have the crispy batter my steak lacked, but also was plated and served with no accompaniment than syrup--the side of bacon had to be specifically ordered separately.In a way, perhaps, Morning Squeeze is the perfect metaphor for Scottsdale - everything looks nice, but scratch the surface and you'll find the beauty is only skin deep...despite that, you'll still find yourself satisfied and ok with enjoying good looks.  Ok, that's a little dramatic, but I'm more focused on football than metaphor right now.
2	Cute decor, slow service. According to the boyfriend the best part about the place is that all of the waitresses wear  leggings/tights/yoga pants!
1	Beware of hair!! I ordered the surf and surf omelet almost two times a week here when they first opened. It was amazing. And then on three different occasions I found a hair in my omelet.  The cooks at the time did not wear hairnets from what I could see. The last time I went in there and ordered it. It had a very fishy smell to it like bad seafood.  My buddy's had the same smell... I sent an email on their website but never got a reply. I would love to start going again if the quality was back to when they first opened....
1	Went here this morning for the first time. I had a horrible experience and am not sure I will go back. We sat at the bar and the servers took 10 minutes to even ask us if we wanted something to drink. Finally when we ordered food and got it, the order was wrong and the servers didn't care and didn't even offer to get me a new order. The service was horrible and the food was cold!
1	Worst breakfast experience I've ever had. The staff was terrible. We were one of the first people there and the wait time was 45 minutes. Never stopped to refill coffee or water. The food was awful. The Tuscan toast tasted rancid. The eggs Benedict were hard boiled at best. The potatoes cold and lack luster. The whole meal should have been comped due to the horrible experience.
4	Service was slow but food and coffee was great. Definitely a must for a Sunday morning brunch!
1	Failed on every level.40 MINUTES for food to arrive, place less than 1/3 full.Server nice, but only apologized for the wait after I mentioned it was 30 minutes and no food in sight. No adjustment for bad service.One entree came with wrong eggs, which she did catch and bring out new eggs.Other entree, Hillbilly Highrise didn't match the description, no layers of hash browns, a very few laying on the bottom?Chickend Fried Steak was horribly overcooked.  Also was $14.00 with no toast or biscuit or bread of any kind.Large OJ 5.75, think it was out of a gallon jug.Best new restaurants, thinking NOT. Was excited to go and bummed it is not good.You can tell no manager visible on the floor and server even told us "the kitchen is messing up everything".Decor is cool.Worst $42 I've spent in a very long time!
2	Cute place.. but what I ordered wasn't great. I got biscuits and gravy and the biscuits were very hard and the gravy was cold. The coffee tasted burnt. 2 biscuits & gravy, a *tiny* side of hash browns and a coffee was $10. I doubt I'll go back.
3	Morning Squeeze is a welcome addition to Old Town and is a nice alternative to fit into the weekend breakfast/brunch rotation. I typically opt to bypass the wait for a table and grab a seat at the bar during busy brunch hours and I do enjoy the indoor/outdoor seating options. The outdoor side of the bar was a little toasty throughout the summer, but the indoor side stayed surprisingly cool. Maybe a little crunched if the bar is packed, but not bad.The food was mediocre - nothing bad or cooked improperly, but nothing drool-inducing. The brussel sprout salad was good, alebit very heavy on dressing which was a touch too sweet for my taste. The omelettes are sizable with good filling choices, but the breakfast potatoes seemed a little...generic. My hubby had a sandwich that was also unremarkable, but the Bloody Mary's were delicious. Their canine menu is cute and I'm glad we have another place that welcomes pups on the side patio. Overall I like the vibe and the eats are alright. The beverages are tasty and the staff is fairly welcoming (though we've had a couple of inattentive bartenders, no one has been unfriendly). I would recommend this to others and out of towners for a pleaseant meal with a decent price.
3	I use to really like this place, and most of my previous visits the food was delicious and fresh but not this time. It took almost 15 minutes just to get are lattes which in my opinion is a little long for a coffee. I ordered the squeeze with a side of country potatoes like I usually do unfortunately was not as tasty like my previous visits, the potatoes tasted like they had been sitting in a food warmer for a while so I did not really enjoy them. Service was okay just wish my server would have seemed a little happier to be there. I'm hoping my next visit will be a lot better next time.
3	I love the location and atmosphere of this place. Although for a place called morning squeeze they don't have fresh juices squeezed in house. They are just "locally squeezed" and not even all of their juices are.  We got there at 11:30 on a Friday and for 2 ppl the wait was 20 min so we sat at the bar. Our food took about 40 min to come out. By then we were kinda over it. Food is mediocre nothing spectacular.
3	Wait staff oozes attitude for the most part. Food and drinks I have no complaints, the menu is diverse and the food arrives at my table quick. And I can't get over the cute decor :)
3	French press coffee tasted like water, with leftover grounds in it. One thing you expect from a breakfast place is good coffee, if not great. The coffee I got, at least, was terrible.And you would think place called "Morning Squeeze" would have fresh squeezed or blended juices; this place does not. Hopefully, they'll make some tweaks and get themselves up a notch or two. The place has a good vibe.
2	First place we grabbed something to eat in Scottsdale after flying in on a work related trip. My wife got a turkey club sandwich and I opted for the standard house burger rather than the build my own option.My burger came as a dry meat patty sitting inside a bun and some onion,lettuce and a bit of tomato on the side.Some McDonalds style straw fries came with it.My whole meal tasted as bland as dead rats on toast.Thank God I had a Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA to go with it.I don't know what their mission is but the chef has gotta go.
4	My friends and I love this place the food is amazing and they have great lattes my only complaint is that the staff is all a bunch of young girls with bad attitudes. The service sux.
5	We ate here after the the yelp local shopping crawl for the sunset brunch, so I have no idea what the prices are. However the Mimosas were poured strong, the bacon and sausage delicious, and the eggs Benedict perfect.
4	I remember this place as Jimmy Woo's (I'm still a little sad it's gone) but Morning Squeeze was a nice stop end stop for the Yelp Shopping Crawl for Local Businesses. We were served a breakfast buffet and received 2 drink coupons, with a choice of a Mimosa or a Bloody Mary. Same layout as before just different color scheme to Jimmy's, there's 2 bars (one outdoors and one indoors, outdoor patio seating and indoor seating). Kitchen is open and booths surround the restaurant with varying tables. Food and everything was OK, drinks were nice, atmosphere was probably my favorite. I would return if I was in the area and looking for a breakfast/brunch hangout spot in Old Town!
4	Came here for the end of the Yelp Shops Local event in downtown Scottsdale. The decor was super cute and all of the staff were friendly even though I'm sure they were working outside of their normal hours. The menu included kicking spicy bloody mary's, mimosas, and a buffet of your usual breakfast fare- scrambled eggs, bacon, pancakes, eggs benedict, fried potatoes, and the like. I was stoked to get $10 gift cards as part of our goody bag, so we will definitely be back here again.
4	It was my first time here, and I'm hooked.  Everybody was super friendly and I have no idea how you couldn't feel happy in here ??? Just look at the decor.  They have a good selection of food and drinks ( adult and non ) My fav was the mango smoothie. We were there with a big group and it was pretty crowded, but everybody kept their cool we all got our orders. The regular menu look fab and I cant wait to come back here to try the rest of what  they have to offer
4	This place is adorable....just love the ambiance and the open patio.  As you walk in you see a wall of cute coffee cups, the hostess was very friendly...all the staff was just awesome.  We came to Morning Squeeze for an event after hours, so you know they all wanted to go home after a long morning/afternoon.  Again, they were all awesome!  They offered lunch for brunch menu and we got to sample a few items on their menu.  Everything we tried was very good- eggs, bacon, pancakes, fruit and their turkey omelet.  I can't wait to come back and try their a few of the omelets.  We sat at the bar and they had a full bar.... mimosa's, bloody Mary's and to our surprise BEERS!   The bartenders were friendly and very knowledgeable about their drinks.  Morning Squeeze is a fun place for breakfast, great menu and great selection at the bar.
4	This place is adorable! And perfect for meeting friends for breakfast (which I do often). The food smelled and tasted delicious. The server had no trouble exchanging my coffee for a latte, which is a nice change in Old Town. The restaurant has a fresh, comfy feel and everyone is friendly right when you walk in the door. I will be going back for sure to try more on the menu and sit on the patio!
4	When planning my trip to Scottsdale I bookmarked several places that looked interesting. This was one that I was glad I did. A very nice indoor/outdoor restaurant that even has a pet friendly area located in Old Town Scottsdale. We of course started off with coffee. I then ordered the Mexican Breakfast Burrito which has scrambled eggs, hash browns, black beans, chorizo with melted cheese & salsa. I was given a choice of red or green sauce I choose the red. The wife ordered the Halls Oats N nuts waffle which is also served with their homemade granola, pecans, walnuts and powdered sugar. She also had a side of sausage links. The service was quick and everyone was very friendly. It definitely seems like a popular place even on a semi chilly morning like today.
5	Probably 4 stars on a normal day but I had such a blast at the Yelp charity brunch they hosted.  Pancakes are genuinely terrific.
5	Great breakfast spot! Right in the heart of old town scottsdale on scottsdale rd. So it's great to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather and scenery of old town. The waitresses are all very easy on the eyes. I usually go with the French toast and a mimosa or the omelette. Never been disappointed in any trip down there. Open 7 days a week so it's good spot any day.
3	Food was very good. Service was subpar. The bartender seems to ignored us and was very curt and distracted.
4	The brisk morning breeze was pretty pleasant todayMorning Squeeze was very busyUpon arrival we were told that the patio seats were the only ones availableand we didn't mind because they had outdoor heatersThe hostesses were friendly and energeticOur server directed to us to our seatsI had to have a coffee because it was pretty chilly and I was still half asleepThe people in the restaurant all seemed to be hungover/still drinking I got the Scottsdale burrito and switched out the turkey for sausageIt was really good We were satisfied with our visit and will be back in the future
5	We tried a new place and it was awesome... Great food, service and dog friendly on the patio. A must try!!
2	The best thing to come out of our visit to this place was the discovery of the french restaurant next door. Morning Squeeze could have been great had it not been for their hungover, unwashed, uppity clientele. My husband and I and our infant decided to have breakfast one Sunday morning, It was nice out so we ate on the patio. Their patio is dog-friendly, as are we, even though we left our furry friends at home.Enter the most annoying man alive. This guy in his late 30s was dining with what might have been a date (probably his last) and his long haired dachshund. He proceeded to talk to every person on the patio except his date. Whether you wanted to or not, this guy was going to talk to you. All about him and his stupid little dog. Then he went on and on about how he knows the manager. Is it Brian? Because that's the name he kept dropping. Like anyone cares that you know the restaurant manager. Seriously. STOP ANNOYING PEOPLE!!!So the fun happened when two guys and their pitbull mix and sharpei mix sat on the patio. Let me say these dogs were really well behaved. They laid down next to their owners and slept. UNTIL this chatty idiot with the dachshund decided to let his dog off leash. You know the phrase "Let sleeping dogs lie?" Apparently this guy hasn't. He let his doxie run right up to these two sleeping dogs that were like 100 times its size. Needless to say a dog fight ensued just  feet away from our infant. Dear Morning Squeeze: You need to require that four legged visitors be kept on a leash at all times and supervised by their owner.I had no idea I was putting my child in danger by ordering eggs benedict and coffee on a Sunday morning.I won't be back. I'll be at the quiet Au Petite Four next door enjoying gigantic crepes.
5	This place has a great location, cute decoration and a very original and tAsty menu. Great unique coffees, drinks and food. There is a wait but it's well worth it. Love the outdoor seating and the mugs on the wall.
4	Morning Squeeze hosting a Yelp event and threw a nice party. Great breakfast joint. A bit spendy but it is more than a greesy spoon. I'll definitely want to try this spot again since the event had a buffet and sometimes those aren't the best way to show off your food. But what I did sample seemed interesting.
4	Pig's Eye Bacon Bloody Mary, say whaaa?!After months of deprivation I was in desperate need of bacon. That and a brunch spot that would meet the needs of some of my favorite ladies (mimosas, moderate prices, deliciousness). This place fit the bill to perfection. It was a fantastic day for patio dining and the service was splendid. We had a lot of catching up to do and the server was ever so patient while we did. She also helped us work out the best combination to satisfy all of our day drinking desires and breakfast/lunch cravings. The decor of the space was darling and was situated in an ideal locale for people watching. The only downside for me might have been the early closing time, as I could of used just one more hour to take it all in:) That aside, it was a brunch for the books. Yum.
3	Food was good. Fun to to sit on patio n people watch over brunch. Staff was a little slow. And I like when brunch places have unlimited mimosa specials and this place didnt so that was a bummer. I would go back but it wouldn't be my first suggestion.
5	I love Morning Squeeze! 1) They serve breakfast even during lunch2) Their Eggs Benedict is awesome3) They have a dog-friendly patio4) They have Gluten Free toast5) Mimosas!I've tried almost everything on the breakfast menu, and it's all yummy! Build your own breakfast sandwich, eggs benedict, omelets... All the waitresses have been great (I say waitresses and not wait staff because literally the only people who work there are women under 30. Not sure what that says about the owner.. But I digress). Good location, cute decor. I don't have a single complaint!
1	Waited 30 min for my meal. Ordered the chicken fried steak. Came out to me cold, questionable whether or not there was actually meat in there since it was so thin all I tasted was fried batter. Toast was so cold my butter didn't even melt. Boyfriend got the surf and turf omelet which to no surprise was also cold, along with his English muffin. Service wasn't all that great either. Too bad...definitely will not be returning or suggesting anyone else go either.
4	Always friendly the staff is great. The food is fresh and tasty. Great breakfast/lunch place!
5	My friend and I always turn to yelp and reviews to try new restaurants because we don't like chain restaurants too much. Well the reviews did help. We loved our food and service and price. Definitely coming back..
5	Fun dog-friendly brunch spot with nice patio (they even have a dog menu)! Service was friendly! It was a little slow to get a table and get our food but we were a large group on a Saturday morning. Lots of healthy and not so healthy options. It's definitely the kind of place where everyone in your group can find something they like.
4	I went here for a business meeting today. I like that it's dog friendly, the food is very delicious, and it's reasonably priced. I like that they can also make protein shakes!
5	great Sunday morning hangover joint!  We go here once a month or so and it's always a great experience.  (try the Oreo smoothie!)
4	Would have given them five if they made classic eggs Benedict the right way!!!! I always pray when I try a new breakfast place that they will use Canadian bacon. I just don't like salty ham on my Benny. But the place is great. We were the hung over ones everyone is referring to. I ended up with classic scrambled eggs and toast. Perfect. Fresh juice. Perfect. Coffee-perfect. Energy and hydration returning, I checked out my copilots Belgian waffle and it was crunchy and made me want one, too. But I was satisfied with a bite. Perfectly cooked. Doggies bickering on the patio, tourists peeking in at you. Another perfect day in Old Town. We will be back!
5	One of my favorites. Healthy options for breakfast and lunch. A great place to hold work meetings as there is free wifi and during the week it is not too loud. Love sitting outside on the patio. Staff is nice and service is usually spot on. They even have "healthy" alcoholic drinks like their smoothie with champagne! Love the Waldorf salad, not too saturated in dressing but refreshing.
5	Very lively, comfortable spot. The food is great and well worth a visit while you are in Scottsdale.
2	Don't be fooled by the crowds and very cute decor. The food was disappointing at best. My husband had a breakfast burrito of some kind that was blah, really disappointing, and portions are smallish. My whole wheat pancakes with pecans and bananas tasted like you would think raw YEAST tastes.  Really bad!! And I let them know because no one should have to eat pancakes that taste terrible.  If you're a breakfast place and can't come up with a recipe for whole wheat pancakes that taste decent, then DON'T put it on the menu and don't serve it.  I could understand a whole wheat pancake being a little grainy and maybe a little thick, but it certainly does not have to taste sour! Don't bother going. You'll be much better off at Orange Table near the Scottsdale Performing Arts Center, Daily Dose, or plenty of the other restaurants in Old Town that serve brunch.
5	Delicious! No complaints. They didn't have that long of a wait for brunch so we enjoyed a nice brunch on the patio!
1	Worst breakfast ever! Usually I have breakfast at the daily dose but this time we decided to choose a new place and the morning sqeeze review's are not too bad.My friend tried the omlett and I the lox bagel.  Both meals were tasteless and poor. The salmon looked disgusting,  was brown and the bagel was just a gummy dog toy.Even the coffee and the ''fresh squeezed' juice was not good. I can not recommend this place.
5	The Southwestern omelet might just be the best omelet I have ever had. The thing that earned the fifth star though is how pet friendly they are. They have a tables on the patio for people with pets. They have water bowls for the pets too. Best part? They have a section of the menu just for pets. My dog went crazy for the chicken and eggs. We will definitely be back soon.
1	So I thought I would add that a couple weeks after I posted this the manager messaged me asking for my email so he could send us a gift card to try it again and he never did:( I didn't leave the review because I wanted something for free I just didn't want people to expect to much. Guess some of the other reviews on the management are true.
5	chicken club. do it. probably one of the better club-type sandwiches I've had.amazing food, cute interior (sit outside!), and attentive service. people watching from here is fun, too!
2	The food was very good, but the service was horrible. Our waitress never refilled our waters and only came to the table to bring us the check after we flagged her down (and it was a Wednesday).
4	Grandsons love the"do it yourself" breakfast sandwich and the coffee is great.  I'm from Seattle and I know my coffee.  Service included asking if I wanted a to go cup for my coffee, which was actually a large fresh poured cup.
2	I'm starting to believe I may be a service snob......but I just have to believe it is not THAT hard to give good service! I have been wanting to try this place- always trying to expand my brunch options! My sister and I put our name in and waited on the beach chairs out front (Love those!) and people watched. Our name was called and they put us at a booth inside. We noticed 2 high tops were available on the patio. I asked for one and she sat us out there. (Have no hostesses ever played "Sally's Diner"?! Gotta maximize and not use up all your 4 tops with just 2 people!) Our server was nice....but not very experienced. My sister asked for a coffee recommendation and the caramel latte she got was almost minty. Not delish. I had just a coffee....which was rarely filled unless I asked. At one point I asked her to "warm up" my coffee a "little bit." She poured a tiny amount in and asked if it was okay. Haha Gotta get up on your brunch lingo, girl! Plus, I feel like I should never have to ask for a refill. Maybe that makes me a diva. What ever. We waited quite a while for our food (okay it was a Saturday morning-I can understand that.) BUT! When our food came it was luke warm at best. She never asked how our food was and dropped off our check with a "yep." No- we didn't want anything else, or a box, or anything..... Our plates were never cleared. We ended up walking the bill up to our server at the hostess stand....where she was standing and not refilling my coffee. ;-)  The food would have been good if it was hot but the service REALLY killed it for us. It was kind if painful being able to see The Breakfast Club from where I was sitting...next time I'll probably go there.
1	Worst service in old town! 30 min to get a bottle of wine...when we asked the waitress which chard was more buttery her response wAs "I don't know I don't drink wine"...they brought out my friends first (we ordered at the same time) mine came out min later! I will probably never be back.
2	Visited for breakfast this morning prior to 8am and the time from order to receiving food was way too long, 30+ minutes for food.Service was below average, food was average. This place has a long way to go to compete with Daily Dose or Breakfast Club on food quality and service.Will not be back, too many other great choices
1	One of the worst breakfast experiences ever!   The service was extremely slow and my food came out rubbery and cold. But that probably had something to do with the fact that it sat up on the counter for five minutes... Which we watched happen. Not only did several servers walk by our food with the ticket ready and keep walking but so did the manager, twice!  Finally, since we were in a rush we went and found the server standing at the hostess stand and told her our food was ready.  My friends French toast was cold so she had to send it back. Unfortunately, I had some place to be so I just didn't eat my food, I sent it back. My eggs were rubbery and brown and my hashbrowns (which I ordered extra crispy) were cold and not crispy.  The manager was a jerk, when we complained he walked over and said "you guys are complaining already ha ha Ha..." . He was unprofessional, never came over and apologized, and we watched him touch his face at least 10 times while he was expediting food. Ewww! He should not be running a restaurant, this is the reason this place is a disaster and gets terrible reviews on yelp. Luckily all was not lost because I was in good company! My advice, wait the extra time for the breakfast club or go to McDonald's you have a way better experience either way.
2	I am totally a breakfast person but I probably will not return to this place.  I ordered the squeeze scramble - eggs were Luke warm, potatoes and toast were cold. My hubby ordered the Waldorf salad, he said it was just okay. Service was average. We eat out all the time and I really wanted to love Morning Squeeze but unfortunately it just didn't happen.
4	I have had nothing but great experiences at morning squeeze.  The wait can be long on the weekends, but thats expected for anywhere in Old Town.  The food is good, the portions are perfect, and the service is always good.  No complaints here.  It can be pricey, but that's also expected for any place in Old Town.  This is my go-to breakfast spot in the Old Town area.  Skip RnR and The Breakfast club and go to Morning Squeeze.
3	New in town (April 2014) from Seattle.  Only other breakfast spot was Breakfast Club, which I really liked ie great location, atmosphere, fast friendly service and great food at fair prices!Morning squeeze was a cool spot with ok food and friendly staff, but over-priced for the quality and portion sizes.I will not go back to Morning Squeeze again.Breakfast Club is my spot from now on.
4	The food was good, although I'm not sure it's worth the usual 20-40 minute waits on a busy Saturday or Sunday morning. I had the "Thigh Master", I think? Grilled Chicken with Spinach, Tomato and Egg White. Although I had it with scrambled eggs. I like that they have a good selection of coffee drinks as opposed to just having plain old boring coffee with cream. Service was fine, no complaints and it was busy, so I don't expect above and beyond for brunches. I'll definitely be back, but probably when I don't mind waiting around for a little bit first.
2	Food was ok here. The first round of food I got was really cold, literally cold. First time I have ever sent something back to get the same thing again. It kind of scares me getting food after complaining, but they have an open kitchen. So I really felt ok with doing it this time. The next plate of food was good and hot.  Service is good to average. I sat at the bar with my friend, noticed only female servers and bartenders at the place. It is full of dudes gawking at all of them while ordering breakfast... Almost  creepy. You can tell all the girls here are so used to it they just have these fake smiles and tiring looks on there faces. Anyway they did have baileys and coffee, outside seating, wheat toast.... Which for some reason is rare here in old town Scottsdale. Atmosphere was really nice and modern. They need to work on the food being cold situation, I guess you can't really do anything about all the creeps:) might not come back unless someone else wants to go
5	Love it!  Great atmoshpere and food.  Only complaint is that they close at 2:30 on the weekends.  WTF?!  It's Scottsdale.  When you still have a full house at 2:30 why close?!  Half of Scottsdale is just waking up and you could make so much money well past 2:30.  Otherwise, great staff and food.
1	Food was okay, but horrible service! Our waitress barely came around & gave us attitude when we were ordering. I think Tawny was her name?
4	My boyfriend and I checked out Morning Squeeze for the first time this weekend. We somehow got a table right away, located outside on the main patio. I ordered the Eggs My Way and a Mimosa; my boyfriend got the Belgian Waffle. Both dishes were great! Their menu is really big and I would totally come back to try a few other things, as I bet they have over 30 breakfast items to choose from. It was a busy morning at Morning Squeeze and our waitress was attentive. Fun atmosphere and good place for people watching!
4	I have to say that I've had nothing but good food here, and FYI they even have a doggy menu:) . However, the first time my friends and I dined here, our inexperienced but gorgeous server forgot some parts of our order and never checked on us. It's really important to check back with the guest after food is dropped. My friends and I ofcourse came back and were able to enjoy our meal because we had everything we ordered, and the service was ofcourse awesome. I wish I could remember her name, because she was stellar!  We would continue to come in, but service was always inconsistent, and we didn't want to juggle with it...BUT things MUST be changing because... This morning, I called and ordered a bagel breakfast sandwich to go because our office is very close by and because they seemed so busy, I waited to pick it up, not to mentioned called 3x to place the order. I walked in and the very bubbly manager, Gino, was surprised I took so long to pick it up...He explained that the place was under new management- after he understood my frustration. Not only that, but they were shorthanded, and Gino was totally efficient. Today when I walked in, not only did he approach me right at the door - but the bartender was on top of it too- asking if I had placed a to go order! Im really happy about this because before, I'd walk in...stand around the hostess podium....while the staff stands by the server station and the only one who approached me was clueless about the order... .I know I seem harsh, but I too have been in the industry- and this place has so much potential! I've always been proud or priviledged to work at certain places, like Olive and Ivy and The keg etc. People dine out for the experience...Not just convienience. It's nice to go out and have a server that is full of energy, knows the menu, and cares about the guest. I think Gino will do great job...and when you go in, sit AT the BAR....The day time bartender is on top of her game!!! I would still give the servers a chance too:) The patio is dog friendly and the inside is comfortable...This review is mainly all compliment because today I was really impressed and even as short as the interaction was...it really showed that the new management cares:) Good job Squeezers...
2	After a walk to old town, we decided (based on the crowd) that morning squeeze had it goin on. The wait was only about 15 mins, and we got to sit on the open air patio in the beautiful AZ weather.  We actually got a table quicker by asking for a table outside. We started off with a classic bloody, and it was good. We also got an iced mango chai tea which was the winner of the day. Briana was really good, but the food took a long while to come out (not her fault). The presentation of the dishes was completely lacking. One soup of the day (clam chowder) and half BLT, and it tasted okay. The Crab Bennie was also ordered with country potatoes and it was also just okay. Nothing spectacular here. However, the biscuits and gravy were awful. There is a distinct taste to them, that may be for some,  but we could not even eat one half of a biscuit (and we LOVE biscuits and gravy). Briana was nice enough to take it off the bill for us. Overall, not worth the 40 dollars plus tip to eat breakfast for 2... Would consider ordering some different dishes, as we unfortunately struck out on all 3. Would also say, the atmosphere is great for brunch drinks!
1	I didn't even eat here. I couldn't get past the hostess with short brown hair. We came for Mother's Day and asked how long the wait was for 2 people and we got "30 minutes". We said thank you but we were going to check somewhere else and may be back because we were hungry. We came back about 5 minutes later and I asked her to put my name in and she literally gave me the rudest laugh and didn't make any eye contact and said "yeah sure I guess" and then I said "thank you" and she RUDELY said "yep". What ... Was... Her problem? Won't be back. Don't want to go back. I can only imagine what the rest of the staff was like. I'll take my business elsewhere.
1	We came in this afternoon for brunch and went straight to the bar, thinking we would only be getting drinks before meeting up with friends. We decided to stay and bring our friends here instead, so I went up to the hostess (short brown hair, jean vest and dress) to put our names down for a seated table. As I walk up to the hostess table, I had to get her attention because she was on her phone. Hostess 101, your phone shouldn't even be near you, you're getting paid to greet customers who come in. As soon as I got her attention I told her that I would like to place my name down for a table. Instead of asking what my name was and how many people were in my party, she said, no because your party has to all be here. Her tone was especially rude as there are other ways of saying no without sounding obnoxious.  The food was mediocre at best and took over half an hour to be served.
2	I think I have this place figured out.  It's the Hooters of the Scottsdale breakfast scene.  Except that at Hooters, the waitresses will at least pretend to like you and crack a smile now and again.  Except at Hooters, the hostess won't say no to you with an attitude.  The food was, while generous in portion, was served close to thirty minutes after our order and was a bit cool when it came out.  Oh whelps.
2	After a great hike on Camelback on a windy Sunday, me and the roomie decided to grab brunch here.  First thing i ordered was a bloody mary because i saw someone with one (monkey see monkey do) and the bacon sticking out of it looked great!  So when i finally got mine, it had no bacon.. no celery either.. just an olive, a lime, and a lemon.. and it was super bright red.  The taste was not too bad, but definitely not what i had expected, i asked about it, and the server said i should have ordered a "bacon bloody mary" . oh well, my bad right?  So i did so for my second, and it was pretty good, except the bacon was old, like what you would find at the last 10 minutes of a bloody mary bar. To eat, i ordered the chicken fried steak/hashbrowns/something stack, it sounded EPIC! like something from Hash House A GO GO!! But.. when it came, it was lacking, well.. everything, it looked sloppily put together, and was near flavorless.  I am so glad that they had a couple different hot sauces at every table, they are gonna need it.
5	GENO is the light of this restaurant. I work right down the street, and when  Myself and Co-worker walk he, he not only remembers our name, but what we order. He is extremely attentive, and polite! Thank you for your hospitality!
5	I always bring visiting friends to this place for brunch...  I've never heard anything but positive comments.  I too love this place!
1	I mean I know it's 11am on a Saturday but would it kill anyone behind the bar to have a smile on their face?
5	If your ever in Scottsdale you must try this hip and colorful breakfast spot.  The food is excellent with many unique choices and surprisingly if your in the mood for a lunch time drink they have great mixed drinks. The only downfall may be a few of the waitresses fall short on superb service but my family found one server that is head and shoulders above all others so be sure to request a server named Briana who makes us feel like we are exclusively catered too. Overall you surely will not be disappointed with the food, service, and vibrant atmosphere.
1	Service was lacking, food was microwaved, and the employees are too good to he here. Starting with this host just stared at us as we walked in because she must have been too busy standing trying to look hot. Then we get our server, who checked on us twice during the whole time. The runner from the kitchen had to end up taking my order for a drink because Katie R was too busy talking up the hostess. During this time I saw the other waitress check on her table 3 times. Country fried steak was disgusting and dry, English muffin was cold. I have been here several times but this is the last, unfortunately. Management had failed to see any Yelps as I can tell. The internet is the forefront of your business, check local sources and maybe you wouldn't keep running into these same issues.
2	I was taken here by a friend who lives in Scottsdale. He said it was one of the best breakfast places in town. His claim for Morning Squeeze's greatness was supported by how busy the place was and the amount of people waiting for a table. Unfortunately, Morning Squeeze did not come close to what I expected.Our group of four was put on the waiting list with a estimated wait time of 20 min. After close to the 30 min mark I asked the hostess what the status was on our wait and she said we STILL had two groups on front of us. What we didn't realize is we would of waltzed right in and sat at the bar to order. The hostess could of done a better job by either giving us a more realistic time table, giving us a heads up on how many groups of equal size were in front of us, and/or recommending to us to sit at the bar (provided there was space for four people). Ultimately, we found space for three at the end of the bar. I chose to stand because we did not want to wait any longer and I still had hope the place would redeem themselves via the food.The servers behind the bar were moderately attentive during our meal. We placed our order for food and drinks with no issue but the next problem was how long the food took to get to us, which was about 20-25 min. I'm a pretty patient person but the wait to sit combined with the wait for food was unacceptable. This is also considering the fact I saw people who came AFTER us get their food first (it looked like one of the workers who might of been the manager of the place knew these people personally). The lachs/lox (smoked salmon) omelette I ordered was good  and my friends seemed to think the food was average for the price ($7 yogurt and granola parfait? really?).In the end, the ambiance of the restaurant is what I feel attracts people. It seems trendy. You can sit outside and also bring your dog. The female servers are dressed like they just got done with a Crossfit workout session (low-cut workout tank top, yoga pants, and running shoes)...but all of that doesn't cover-up the poor service or average food.  If you are passing through this area, I would recommend looking else where to eat breakfast.
1	So I love the food here but the service is absolutely terrible. Both times I've been here, the servers have been rude and disengaged. However, they were blatantly flirty with the male customers. I waited 45 minutes for eggs, bacon, and potatoes and it finally came out when I asked about it. When I had asked for utensils to go since I had to run after waiting so long, the server snuck them onto the other side of my table so that I didn't see them, causing me to wait around even longer until I told her I would just grab some myself. She then rudely pointed out that she put them next to me. Hire new staff and I would love to come back with friends and family (who all agree that there is terrible service at Morning Squeeze). Otherwise, not worth the negative vibes and sloooow service.
2	We wanted this to be a good spot, because you can bring your "spot" on the patio. Service was slow and not so great, and it wasn't real busy. I had the Hall n Oats waffle and it wasn't awesome. The Mr. ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and it was less than awesome. We thought the food tasted like frozen food. Hash browns were not good, and they only served one piece of toast with the CFS, which isn't a deal breaker, but it wasn't a good tasting piece of toast. I want to give it another shot, but Mr. S says no. Bumskis, morning squeeze!
3	The place looks great, lot of young woman there. Food is ok but nothing special. Coffee is horrible, and not sure why the manager or owner was chewing his gum looking like a goat. I try a different place next time.
4	My absolute favorite breakfast place. I love the food, the ambience, the decor and it's usually not that long of wait. Iced lattes and the Mexican breakfast burrito are sooooo delicious. It's also good for people watching on Sundays.
3	I'm going to give Morning Squeeze a strong three star review. The decor of this place is really fun and funky. It's got a open space, lot of light, and bright colors, which I always enjoy. I ordered the Friends with Bennies (or Bennies with Friends, whatever). It was an eggs benedict with shrimp and lobster, with hash browns and a couple slices of fruit. I think it came out to about $14, before tax. The food was all right, though I thought the eggs were overdone (which, next time, I would just order as poached over easy. Simple fix).The portions are small. In my case, I'm not sure if that's a bad thing, because I never finish my food (and cleared my plate at Morning Squeeze), but I could see others being disappointed. I guess I would have liked a bit more for $14, but since I was having lobster with my breakfast, so should I complain? Not really.I have one peeve about Morning Squeeze (and it is nit-picky, I'm aware) and that was that the hostess that sat us down was wearing a see through blouse with a black bra. Typically, this type of styling doesn't bother me in the least, but it's not what I am looking for at 9:30 for breakfast on a weekday. Does this make me a 25-year-old fuddy duddy? Maybe.In closing, I'd be game to try Morning Squeeze again, but I didn't experience a "Wow!" factor my first time in. Hope this helps, happy eating!
4	Great food, great ambiance. Huge selection of roasted coffees and juices. I recommend the Jolt - frozen espresso goodness. The service is always up to speed and friendly.
3	The Morning Squeeze is very laid back and cool atmosphere.  Our waitress was at our table quickly and got our drink order.  We sat outside and the weather in the morning was just fine and the outdoor misters helped :)When our order arrived...we got the Classic Bennie (Should of got that) and the Jet setter.  It was prepared fine, except my bread was a little burnt..Check the picture out.The staff was attentive, the food was pretty good and the atmosphere was great.  A good breakfast and the prices are decent as well.
2	Waited forever !!! We were so hungry for some great breakfast. We thought we would give this place a try. We walked in and asked for first available of course it was outside. It was fine , the weather was nice and we were hungry. Then we waited, waited, and waited. The next group of people came over and sat down. Not 5 mins later they got a service!!! Not to mention, the waitress was very friendly with them. Then the waitress finally came over to us. She was short and not friendly.  So we ordered our food. I ordered steak and eggs.  Medium rare for steak. After about, what seemed like, 30 mins the food came but instead of a medium rare,  my steak was well. She did offer to take it back but we didn't feel like waiting for , what seemed like, another half hour. We finished our food and left. Never going back again.
3	Breakfast: eggs, potatoes, bacon, coffee and juice...you know, breakfast. $22.00. $10 entree, $3 coffee, $6, 10 oz OJ, (say what?) $3 tip plate-sized side of hash browns. It was good, but not that good. I'll stick with Waffle House: twice the food for half as much, and just as good. Better coffee in fact.  Final judgment, good but not great, 25% overpriced.
2	Breakfast Gone WrongFirst,no problem with my food or my server.  About 3/4 of the way through my meal, the manager John "Gino" Giannini dropped 2 plates of food behind me splattering bits of food on my arm, clothes,etc. Cut to the GONE WRONG....Gino comes up and hands me his business card and tells me how hi is fanatical about his clothes and if any of my clothes need dry cleaning to contact him.  Great EXCEPT they then hand me the ENTIRE BILL.  In no way did I expect they would pick up the bill $26, but I did think they would take my breakfast off the bill.  Super angry that he can tell me about how fanatical about he is about his clothes while allowing me to walk out with water spots (where I tried to get the food off) all over my shirt and shorts.  The people watching were amazed that it was the manager who did it and then did nothing but hand me his card.  I won't be back as long as John Gino  Giannini is the manager.
5	My daughter and I were going out for breakfast and decided to give this place a try. I'm very glad we did. The place is bright, clean, and the staff are very friendly. The menu is filled with an abundance of well put together items that are perfect for those trying to eat healthy. Eggs generally don't sit well with me, plus I'm diabetic, so I ordered a tuna salad. I was informed lunch items didn't get served till 11:00. It was 10:00. I explained my issues and asked if she would Ask if they could do this for me, which they were willing to do. I really appreciate a places willingness to put customers above what time it is. This was a large reason for my five stars. Another reason for 5 stars was the food itself. My salad was fresh, crisp, lightly dressed, and the tuna was also lightly dressed so you tasted tuna. So many times at other places I feel like asking if I could have some tuna with my mayo. But not here. There was a hint of Tarragon that was a pleasant surprise as well. My daughter had an egg white omelet with spinach and other healthy ingredients. It looked beautiful and she enjoyed it very much. She had to take half of it home. You really get plenty of food. We saw someone served a breakfast burrito that looked big enough for 3-4 people. Fresh squeezed OJ and good coffee makes this place worthy of my coming back and encouraging others to check this place out.
1	Food was not cooked properly at first go around. Pancakes were batter in The middle. Country-fried steak was soggy and had a bad flavor to it(tasted like bad/old oil). When we brought up our concerns to the manager, after only a few bites, he made excuses instead of simply apologizing and replacing. Eventually, he said he would take care of it. Then the server dropped the check off with the steak still included. When I questioned that fact, her response was "yeah, I need to have my manager take care of that."  Girl, don't give me a check you know is wrong and hope I just pay it. Overall, bad experience. Won't be going back to this place as there are many other great breakfast options in old town.
2	Eh. Unimpressed. Poor waitresses look overworked- we had to ask the manager for refills, got my order wrong twice.Breakfast was a little bland (we got the healthy options & apparently that means no flavor)You have many other better and more delicious options nearby. Sorry morning squeeze, work more on your food and service instead of putting all your effort in a trendy vibe.
1	Yeah... I was not pleased at all with the food. I couldn't eat half of what I got (odelay scramble with hash browns).  The hash browns were very buttery and the scramble was a mess.  No real flavor other than butter and the coffee came with coffee grounds and was very bitter.
1	Food was cold and over cooked. Biscuits taste like Bisquick and gravy was blah. The one good thing it had going for it was the good service and friendly staff.
5	Great food and the best service I've had in years! Robyn took great care of us! I'll be back
4	Sunday mornings, there's always a wait to dine here.  People like to look their best for brunch in Scottsdale so you may want to rethink those comfy sweat pants.  There is a large selection of breakfast and lunch items on the menu.  I personally like to order anything that involves eggs benedict. I would not be able replicate theirs at home.  The pricing is ok for the amount of food you get. When a meal says it comes with a side of fruit, they really mean one tiny slice. I am usually still hungry at the end of my meal.  But, I mostly come here for the experience, the atmosphere, and to people watch. Then I go home and eat a little more.
4	This is my go-to spot for brunch. Tastey, fresh mimosa's and eggs benedict made to perfection. It is obviously a popular establishment as it is fully booked every time I have been there!
4	I really like morning squeeze ! The caramel latte is absolutely fantastic, that being said the food can be hit or miss. I've only ever eaten breakfast here so I really can't review their lunch menu. I usually get the thigh master omelette , some days its really tasty but other days it can be kinda meh. Other than that I have no complaints ! Sometimes the service can be slow , but I've always had very friendly waitresses. I think this is one of the better places for breakfast in old town Scottsdale. Plus it has a dog friendly patio ! YAY!
3	Overpriced and the bathrooms are a mess....wonder what the back of the kitchen looks like?
1	For the over abundance of servers standing around, you would think the service would have been exceptional...we were one of two other tables.  Our server completely disappeared for a good 15 minutes while we waited to order. Food was subpar.  We won't be back again.
5	This place is the best breakfast place! Really cute atmosphere, great food and drinks, and the servers are very fast an efficient. Will be back again and again! :)
5	Positively the best breakfast in town. It is wide open with a cool patio. Best to go when it's not blazing hot outside. Mimosas and Marys are perfect on a Sunday. Good start to a day on bikes going to bars in downtown Scottsdale.
4	Biggest, best breakfast burrito I've had at a restaurant. Finally people realize that people like to eat a lot of food for breakfast. Menu was HUGE too, I'll be back to try more things for sure.
5	I had brunch at Morning Squeeze yesterday.  My friends and I had a great time!  The portions were huge!  The food was great!  We ordered a western omelet, egg sandwich, and biscuits and gravy.  We also had hibiscus mimosas! I enjoyed my brunch and plan to return soon!
2	Food was average. Service was well below average. We sat at the bar had to ask for refills, wipe down of our area, them to pick up the plates when we were done, etc. I have not seen someone so bad at their job in a long time. The food presentation was beyond bad. Food was slapped onto a plate with no presentation in mind. Ordered a omelet with bell peppers and potatoes on the side. When the plate came out, it had bell peppers with egg residue scattered among the potatoes. It would be easier to deal with bad service with decent food, but that was not the case. Mgmt really needs to hire or train better qualified people for this spot...Personally, i will never head back to that joint.
3	First impression: This place is super cute and bright, and put me in a good mood upon entry. Their menu looked amazing, and their signature cocktails were delicious (tried the AZ Hound Dog and something with strawberries and basil).Last impression: Disappointing service ruins everything. I pushed away my food, because I didn't like it, and it sat there for over half an hour without any staff inquiring why it was  uneaten. One employee did a check-back without eye contact, and walked away before I could utter a word about the item. The check was automatically dropped, as if they were trying to avoid any further interaction. We would have at least ordered more drinks, but instead left feeling unwanted.
4	4.5 Stars!  I LOVE Breakfast and Morning Squeeze has a pretty cool menu - I am glad we stopped!  Started with delicious coffee and a bloody mary then onto a huge breakfast with friends.... Omelets and bacon and hash browns (delivered late but I forgive)  My favorite breakfast of the trip!
5	Awesome venue in downtown Scottsdale! Love everything about this place. Hubby & I had omlets. Yummy!
5	This place is a hip breakfast spot with great food.  My family regularly goes here for the outstanding food; however the service needs a kick in the ass.  A waitress named Briana is prob the best waitress I ever had in ANY breakfast spot in my 14yrs since moving to Scottsdale. However if you get another waitress good luck.
2	Great fun decor. Menu looks great and creative. Food quality is pretty disappointing.They offer fresh squeezed orange juice and it was absolutely not even close to real juice, even the waitress admit it that it was freshly squeezed 'locally' delivered every two days! To me it looked and tasted like tropicana or made from concentrate.Over medium eggs were really runny that had a lot of clear, runny runny, raw !They recommended some crispy french toast that were topped with corn flakes to add crunch and yes  they were pretty crispy, they were deep fried like 'churros'!My boyfriend who eats and likes everything, usually after he finishes his plate kills mine next, could barely ate anything ;(Service pretty ordinary.
3	I liked their food and service the last couple of times. It's a good place with good food. Especially during the spring time and sitting out on patio drinking a mimosa is refreshing.Had them checked the balance on my gift card but wouldn't take it. They said they don't accept it anymore. How weird since it should have $10 on it. Beware if you have gift cards or anything like that to this place.
4	4 stars for the location, the high food quality, and the large menu selection.However, in my opinion they need to work on the service which could be better. Ok that it's just breakfast, but the customer always needs to feel welcome. Anyway, I had a biscuits and gravy plate with eggs, bacon, and potatoes. And a large cappuccino. Simply delicious.
3	About us:  My husband (hubster) and I live in Scottsdale and go out to breakfast once every weekend.  I try to pick a different place each time because I'm adventurous and we haven't yet found a place to become a regular favorite.  This review is for the:  Morning Squeeze, Scottsdale Road location Summary:  Atmosphere lacking for me, but food good.  A little spendy for what it is, but comparable prices for Old Town, so that's perfectly okay (total bill for 2 was $30and change, +tip = $37; a little much for standard  breakfast fare for 2, but not bad for Old Scottsdale). Service was decent, too.  Love the dog friendly patios.  Cute to see a waitress carrying a tray with water glasses on one hand, and a dog-bowl with water in it in the other hand. :-)The atmosphere:  This is a little place on a corner on the North edge of Old Scottsdale.  It's a sit-down breakfast/lunch restaurant.  It is VERY noisy, with the exception of the North patio, which has doors to mitigate the sound of the restaurant but only has about 5 or 6 small (2 person) tables in it.  It was full, so we couldn't sit there, but we were able to get a table outside on the West side, right along Scottsdale Road; better, but not ideal because the West side of the restaurant is open-air with a bar and seating flowing onto the patio - no walls to shut out the noise of the inside (and music a bit much, too).On seating outside:  While it's a cute, upbeat, trendy environment with nice looking booths inside, it was also way too NOISY.  Seriously - like a night club -  not how I like to start off my Sunday morning.  I want to relax and enjoy my breakfast and Sunday morning, not jump into it screaming like a cold shower.  Even outside, hubster and I had to shout across our little bar topper table to talk with one another.  There's no way I would have made it through the meal indoors.  Fortunately, it's now the end of October, so the weather is finally allowing outdoor seating to be possible.Service:  They have lots of nice, pretty, young waitresses whose service is just fine.  Ours checked in with us two or three times during the meal and came to the table promptly to get us started with drinks (which was quick) and then take our order.  The only wait was maybe 5ish minutes to get the bill when we were done.  No problem.  That's 4-5 touches on our table, which is perfectly fine for breakfast considering we never even finished our coffees.  Speaking of which...Food:  Oy, terrible coffee.  Bitter, super hot, and way, way too strong.  So much that, for me, three sugars and the whole little cup of creamer and some ice cubes barely made a dent in taming it.  But, if you like super strong, hot, bitter coffee, you're going to love it!  Hubster and I never even drank enough of it to get refills, though.I had an orange ricotta pancake (delish - although there's no ricotta on it so it must be in it) and biscuits and gravy. The gravy tastes like the canned variety, but I happen to like that flavor and thought it was good; husband was more "meh" on it.  Hubster had bacon, eggs, gravy, chick fried steak; standard breakfast things.  He said it was fine - pretty neutral on it.  I loved that they garnished his plate with fresh fruit, which he doesn't like, but I do - works for me 'cuz I ate it!  Overall, I'd say the food was okay.  Also, the morning alcoholic beverage menu looked really good.  If I had any inclination to drink booze in the morning, this would be an excellent choice.End result:  We probably won't go back unless we're in the area and see that there's seating open on the North side.
1	Sat for 10 minutes at the counter at a very unbusy time...not a whisper of service.. The server at the counter was too busy flirting and chatting with a gentleman..ok I'll go somewhere else
2	Good food rating but the service is awful ! Waiting 25 min for breakfast and when I stepped away from the table for 5 min they thought I left ?! And had to wait another 15 min to redo it . So not a good experience as far as service
4	Incredible breakfast! Surf and turf omelet is awesome and mimosas are very good! Service is okay, but they are always busy so be considerate, the only reason i gave it 4 stars is because of the wait for a table but its because the food is awesome!
1	Service good. Music too loud. Food SUCKS! Looks good yet tastes cheep and microwaved! yuck. Won't ever be back
5	Best breakfast in the Old Scottsdale area.There service under the new owners is terrific. The food is delicious and fresh. The new menu had so many fantastic choices.Try the red velvet pancakes or peanut butter French toast.
3	Good but not great. Had a scramble and a latte. There was a big selection with something for everyone but I don't need to go back. Nothing special; got the job done.
3	Food, ambiance, and service (once we were sat) were all awesome! I had steak and eggs which was huge,  but delicious! Also, they have a bottle of champagne for $20 &add OJ for make-own-mimosas at the table..beautiful patio area for bringing dogs and enjoying AZ weather.  Only bummer was arrival experience into restaurant. They weren't on any wait with many tables open and hostess left us outside for up to 10 mins after not-so-welcome greeting. Otherwise, i reccomend grabbing your pooch and heading on down!
5	Atmosphere is great, good music and really awesome decor. I had the VW Squeeze - egg, avocado, sliced turkey and havarti cheese piled on a delicious pretzel bun, a side of fresh fruit and a choice of potato. The hash browns were underwhelming. My boyfriend got the breakfast potatoes and they were amazing. Next time I'd definitely get those. Also, the iced nectarine green tea is awesome. Straight up. :) I have to agree with some of the comments about the coffee being super bitter. Dad in law's girlfriend put seven sugars in it and the whole bit of cream and said she couldn't even taste the cream or sugar. Yikes!!Total bill for four people was $37 (before tip-Dad in Law and his girlfriend eat like birds) so not too bad! The little bar/patio was nice, a little chilly after they turned off the warmers, but there were a bunch of two-seaters and four-seaters so there was room. We went at a great time, though. As we were leaving there was a line waiting out the door. Good thing the weather was great :)
5	Great food, pleasant service. My meal was prepared exactly as ordered. I liked the local sourcing of ingredients. The coffee was fantastic!  I highly recommend stopping in!
2	I tried this place recently, I wasn't very impressed with the food, I think the menu was confusing the meals were scattered everywhere and it was so annoying how I had to flip it back and forth a million time with how big it was to figure out what I wanted to get, it  could use so much improvement, I tried the buttermilk waffles and if it wasn't for the fruits I added and the syrup I would probably have tasted nothing, my friend ordered the broccoli grilled cheese,I tried 3 bites of it and I didn't want to eat any more I could have made a better one at home honestly, my sister ordered the cross fit and her toast was burnt and the eggs tasted plain, but the place is pretty....  And the patio is really relaxing,the service was ehh.
5	I have been coming here for awhile! This place recently changed their menu and it is amazing! The farm out omelette and breakfast tacos are my favs. They also have a full bar, which for a breakfast place is pretty amazing!
3	Decided to try this place out in exchange for my normal Old Town breakfast haunt, Daily Dose. Food was good, service was good, but man was the manager on duty (I'm assuming he was, who else would wear a cardigan) was an absolute prick! All he did was run around yelling and swearing at the wait staff. At one point he walked over to a group of servers and shouted, "Why are you all standing around!" (here's a hint, NOBODY was in the place) and then as he was walking away he made sure to shout "F&*K!" for the entire place to hear. This continued the entire time we were in for breakfast. Seriously, if you treat your staff like an asshole they'll probably be less inclined to help you out. Or at least I'd suspect that might be the case. Food is 3 starsService is 4 starsOver tanned Scottsdale D-bag Manager in cardigan is 0 stars
1	I have wanted to try this place out for a while and I was extremely let down. The service was very inattentive and when I got my food out was made wrong in several ways. After I brought it to the male managers attention I was offended in how he treated me. Being the manager of a local hotel I can say that I will never ever recommend any guest to try this place. Very disappointing.
