4	I like Cheesecake Factory. I like the consistency in the food.  You know what to expect and you know its going to be good. Wide variety of food ranging from the usual burgers and pizzas to asian and mexican cusine . The cashew chicken is the bomb though I love the Crispy Chicken sandwich with the Buffalo sauce. The tons of fun burger is another favorite. Dessert is, what else cheesecake and more cheesecake though they have 30 or more different types of cheesecake and other types of dessert too. Wait times can run up to an hour or even more on weekends. But you do have the Chandler Fashion Square next door where you can kill some time. Service is usually excellent and you can be sure you will be well looked after.
3	If you want a place that has something for everyone this is the place.  The menu is at least 15-20 pages long.  Check online before going so you are not completely overwhelmed.We have been here twice.  The first time we had a horrible experience with service.  We asked to have the manager come to our table and he only spoke to me even though my husband was talking to him.  We were given free cheesecake as a compensation and it was warm.  Needless to say we were not impressed.We tried it again last year and the wait was long again, but at least we got to our table when promised.  Service was better too.  He did mix up drinks and checks though at the end with our party.If you have not been- go once and see what you think.  Most of the prices are $8-$15.  Cheesecake will run you between $5-$8 a slice.
5	The lemonade was AWESOME!! There's sugar on the rim! :) The food was good, I had the lousiana inspired dish, I can't remember the exact name. For dessert, I had the Strawberry Cheesecake. It was sooo yummy and AWESOMENESS!! :D The service was good, he kept checking up on us. The only thing we didn't like was the tea. My cousin ordered regular iced tea and got passion-peach tea and it was NOT good!! *blech* But other than that, it was a great place and I'd definatly go back!
4	I go here for the drinks and the avocado eggrolls.  Back when I ate meat I loved the pasta with chicken and asparagus.  I never order cheesecake here though.... maybe I just don't think cheesecake is worth the calories.
5	So, Andrea and I decided to head to Cheesecake Factory for my birthday celebration on Friday night.  I've always loved Cheesecake factory for a lot of reasons, and have yet to find a reason to NOT love it here.  They have such a great menu selection, the decor is always nice, and I love how theres tons of space to dine, socialize and hang out.Anyways, I got there first so we could get a seat.  It was busy, but thats not a surprise since it was a Friday night.  The girls at the counter were nice and friendly, and told me the wait was only going to be about 15 minutes.  (not bad!)  They gave me a buzzer and I waited in the lobby area for Andrea.Anyways, I was seating rather quickly, which was nice!  Our server was friendly and cool, and immediately asked what we would like to drink. I got some water, and Andrea got some Iced Tea.We studied the menu for  a minute, and I ended up getting the shepards pie.  I could really have almost any one of thier dinners here, and find that I will like what they serve me regardless.  I love the variety!  Anyways, I was happy becuase I felt like our server was available, and even tho it was busy, she didnt make me feel like that, and that was awesome!Anyways, I still love this place and its just awesome.  Great place to bring anyone! Parents, dates, friends, whatever.   I really don't think you can go wrong here.
1	I used to eat here all the time till I realized they use trans fat in everything!!!!!!They use as much if not more than fast food places!!http://www.dietfacts.com/html/nutrition-facts/cheesecake-factory-chocolate-mousse-cheesecake-7-inch-pre-packaged-43107.htmhttp://www.thedailyplate.com/nutrition-calories/food/cheesecake-factory/banana-cream-cheesecake1,560 calories and 84g of fat for their carrot cake, and 1080 cal, 71g fat, and 100 carbs for a slice of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cheesecake.  And those are far from being the only unhealthy items on the menu. Seemingly innocent entrees like salads and sugar free cheesecake can also be calorie-packed diet-wreckers. For example, rumor has it that The Cheesecake Factory's Chinese Chicken Salad clocks in at about 1,600 whopping calories. And the 6 Carb Original Cheesecake has 610 calories and 57g of fat. Disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I've had great service every time I was here.  Must have a great customer service program... Same experience at sister company Grand Lux Cafe.Great honey wheat bread.  Love the happy hour menu (calamari, Thai lettuce wraps, salad).  Try the Lemoncello cake w/ extra sliced fresh strawberries- squisito!!One of the few chain restaurants I'm not ashamed to admit liking!
3	This is a hard one because their food is so good and in such large portions but everytime I've been there the service is really slow and crappy.Was there for dinner on Monday and whilst there wasn't many people in there we still had to wait about 10 minutes to get our drinks and another 10 to order the appetizer... with our food btw.But their bread rocks at the beginning of the meal and the chicken marsalla is so awesome as is the goulash and mostly everything else.  The cheesecake is the best i've ever had even though I don't get it everytime... not a huge sweets guy but it is really good.I'd still say go but be patient...
3	I had gotten a Gift Card for Christmas that I finally decided to use. I really had mixed feelings about going based on some past experiences and all the kitchen drama that you may or may not have heard of. (google it) Regardless of that though we had a really good experience this time. Our waiter Hoki was wonderful, service was A+. I would advise requesting his section if you ever eat here. Their Passion fruit Ice Tea is delicious and our glasses never emptied and were always refreshed with ice on each refill. I ordered the Grilled Salmon from the fresh fish selection, it came with Steamed Broccoli and rice. (see pics) It was really good, the Salmon was cooked perfectly. Something I Would definitely order again. The Mr. Ordered the Boston House Salad (see pics) I shared a few bites and also enjoyed it. His entree was the Four Cheese Pasta which he really liked too, sorry no pic. For dessert we Shared a slice of the Chocolate Coconut Cream Cheesecake (see pics). WOW! That was sinfully good! Our service and experience based on today's visit is worthy of 4 stars( Hoki deserves 5) but an average rating based on all my visits combined I'll go with 3 stars.
3	Dinner prices for lunch.That's what I thought when looking at the menu this afternoon. But, I was meeting with a former coworker and dear friend who had her perfect baby girl almost two months ago and she needed to get out of the house, so it was a date. She was running late so I ordered the ahi tartare, which is served over chopped avocados and soy sauce. This was very good, and helped to curb my appetite until she arrived. I ordered the lunch pizza, which comes with a salad. I try to go for a white pizza because red sauce some times tends to disagree with me. A pretty good pizza. The salad was fine as far as salads go, but the shredded carrots and cucumbers proved to be messy and I ended up with enough salad on my lap to feed a family of rabbits. Seriously, normally I'm not nearly as messy.Heather, our server, was great! She managed to be attentive without hovering, an important yet rare quality that landed her a dandy tip.But all that pales in comparison to my wonderful dining companions, one of whom I'm proud to call a friend and the other who will hopefully be calling me Uncle in the near future.
3	I went the other night with my husband.  Love the bread that comes before the meal.  I got the vegetarian pasta which is one of the few vegetarian items they have- bummer- it it was just okay.  I wouldn't get it again.
4	Nothing new to add here. Their bread is awesome. He ended up getting the Mediterranean Style Mahi Mahi and I got the cheese quesadillas from the appetizer section with Shrimp and both dishes were awesome. Our little one also got the bread and bananas they bring out for children. This really helps a lot because they bring that small plate out for the kids right away so you don't end up getting a screaming devil at your table.  Of course when you go the Cheesecake Factory, how can you NOT get a cheesecake slice for dessert. We ended up with the Godiva cheesecake and it was amazing. Extremely rich and extremely fattening but who cares!
4	OK, I really feel that this place rocks...chain or no chain, CF is in another league when it comes to chain restaurants.  I have yet to have a bad experience (or even anything mediocre) at any of the locations.  The overall quality, selection, atmosphere and service are always top notch.  I generally only eat lunch here, dinner on occasion and even at the peak of the lunch hour, I have never experienced slow or lacking service.Today we were really hungry, so we started with Buffalo Blasts for an appetizer, these are amazing (see pics).  They taste like a fabulous combination of fried chicken and hot wings, served with hot sauce, blue cheese (the real deal) and celery sticks.  We both ordered salads, the BBQ Ranch Chicken (topped with onion rIngs) and the Chinese Chicken salad which has always been delicious.  We finished off the meal with a slice of Vanilla Bean cheesecake which is lighter than some of the other kinds, and absolutely delicious.  I could enjoy a big bowl of the whip cream by itself!Overall, I really enjoy this place and always look forward to treating myself to lunch here.  And it doesn't hurt that it's in the mall....lunch AND shopping is never a bad thing :)
2	OK it's official.  I don't like the Cheesecake Factory.  I've tried it a few times, and I'm not a chain snob.  Bring me some Bertucci's and I'm happy.  But here?  No.  Just no.  I don't get it.The food is utterly mediocre (I suppose what does one expect, from a *factory*), and personally I find the portions an affront to good taste.  They are disgusting!  It's like a trough.  Anyone who can eat a whole plate of their food in one sitting needs to get help.  It's also waaaay overpriced.  I guess you're paying for quantity, not quality?  I mean you get enough food to feed yourself for a week.The decor is so confused and charmless.  I feel like I'm on an acid trip when I'm in there--an acid trip that's gone very, very wrong and you've forgotten that life isn't a Lewis Carroll-ian hellscape.One extra star for good service and good cheesecake.  But overall I can definitively say I won't be back to this particularly wretched chain.
3	Can I complain about the 15+ pages of menu?  Well, I'm going to.  I'm a vegetarian, and picky at that, but the menu confuses and overwhelms me!  Thank goodness this wasn't my first time. In addition, I can't help but wonder....if a restaurant offers so many items can all the ingredients be fresh and can they do each dish at a high quality?  Although I wanted to try the grande burrito, I wasn't going to risk it.  I stuck with what I know, and that's a greek salad and the white bean hummus.  It was really good and tasted fresh, I'll give 'em that!  Service was pretty good for it being so busy.  The fiance didn't seemed too thrilled with his meal and no one else was raving about anything other than the mashed potatoes.   Oh well.  Definitely an A-OK place.
4	The reason I love this place is because it has an array of food for every person and stomach and the food is simply delicious!As for the cheesecake, you can't beat the choices and service is really good
2	Just finished another meal here courtesy of a gift card.This place is always busy and I've never been able to understand why. If no one ever gave me a gift card here, I would never eat here.The service varies from very good to awful, but the food always never exceeds "well, it didn't make me sick."Today's meal failed even that low standard. As an appetizer I ordered some mini-corn dogs. I *love* corn dogs. At the fair, from Weinerschnitzel, from frozen at home, and so on.These little balls of corn meal enriched pancake batter were deep fried to near burnt and yet managed to soak up enough grease to squeeze out nice puddle of oil. I only ate one, but within five minutes I was nauseas. The California omelet was not much better. Sour cream shouldn't curdle, right? The veggies and cheese were barely cooked.It was more like a salad wrap, where the wrap happened to be egg.If I had wanted a salad with egg, I'd have ordered a Cobb, not an omelet.The banana cheese cake was good according to the spousal unit & I enjoyed my strawberry lemonade.Still have $10 left on the gift card. I think that'll get me a couple of lemonades.
3	1/12/10I try not to visit chain restaurants as much as possible, but when Mom texted that she could meet me somewhere for a bite to eat, it was much easier to tell her to meet me at The Cheesecake Factory at the mall than it was to give her directions to try a local place in downtown Phoenix or elsewhere.  (Believe me, I've tried.)Since we were there during happy hour, we decided to share the Spicy Ahi Tuna Tempura Roll and she wanted the HH caesar salad.  The ahi tuna roll and the salad came out fairly quick, and no wonder, since the roll only consisted of four tiny pieces!  We were hungry, and the pieces were so diminutive, that I didn't even get a chance to take a photo of the dish!  It was very tasty, but certainly not substantial, so I took another look at the HH menu and settled on the hummus.  While waiting for it to arrive, Mom and I shared the nicely-sized caesar salad, which was crisp-fresh and not overly-dressed.  We decided to hold off on the salad for awhile, so as not to fill ourselves up on it.  The hummus and grilled pita bread arrivedl, and they too were flavorful; We couldn't get enough!  While we normally would've stuck w/ the happy hour menu, Mom had caught sight of a neighboring table's two platters and admired one of them, so I decided to order not the one she thought looked appetizing (the menu description turned her off), but what I had originally wanted to order instead of the hummus plate- a chicken pasta dish from the seasonal menu.  Two chicken breasts, pounded thin, battered, then fried, sitting atop of spaghetti w/ a basil-pesto cream sauce.  On top of the chicken were slices of prosciutto and dressed arugula greens sprinkled w/ grated parmesan.  This dish tasted fabulous, and the different textures it offered made me swoon!  (I knew Mom enjoyed it as well, for she repeated at least two times how great the food was!)  However, I knew that the greasiness of this dish would haunt me after.  Still, a great savory dish, and next time, I'll just skip the happy hour menu (save the caesar salad, that's a must!) and order from the dinner menu, instead.Great service, as always, although I just remembered that the honey wheat bread I had asked for arrived stale.  Funny that the server had even bothered to serve it, as she did warn us that it wasn't as fresh as it could be and that a new batch was baking in the oven.  Why even bring stale, hardened bread to the table?  It's the reason why I downgraded from the previous four-star rating to a three...
4	Its not cheap.Its not health-friendly.Its not ideal for vegetarians.So if you're budget-minded, health-conscious, or a vegetarian...this isn't the place for you.That being said, I love this place.  Sure the waits on Saturday nights suck, but that's how it is any place you might venture into unless its a little known gem.  But for me, the wait is completely worth it.  I eat whatever the heck I wanna eat, no matter how much heavy cream is in the sauce or how much sugar is in the desert or how much fried is in the fried whatever.  And yeah, I pay for it around the midsection but hey.Anyhow, the service has always been good, even close to closing time.   Bad service once in awhile is inevitable, and I'm sure I'll receive it here sooner or later, but so far we've been fortunate.  Whether we have a large party or just a couple of us, our food has come out in a timely manner each visit.  And none of us have had cold dishes.One of my cousins even changed her order after she got the first one and didn't like it...the waitress didn't even skip a beat.So far, I've had mostly pasta/rice dishes.  My favorite dish here at the moment is the something something Gumbo.  Its oddly rich and subtle at the same time, the kind of thing that makes you keep shoveling forkfulls in your mouth just to delight at this combo.  The sauce is creamy but not too heavy with just enough kick.  Like I said its subtle, but at the same time its a great flavor experience.Other dishes I've tried are the New Orleans shrimp something or another, and another cajun type dish.  Both were extremely tasty with HUGE shrimp, pieces of sausage or chicken or whatever was in it.  They DO NOT skimp on the portions.  I've read that some people are actually turned off by this.  I just think that if I'm paying money to eat, I should get as much for that money as possible.  And here, you do.  Last night, we commented on how a dish that costs only $13 could be chocked full of so many big fresh shrimp.  And recently, one of the kids and his dad ordered one of the burgers...this thing was a friggin' MONSTER!  It could eat a human.  And sure it would make any health-conscious person run for the hills, but for the rest of us, this burger would make your eyes get so big your eyeballs might fall out of their sockets.  Let's just say Red Robin's burgers look like White Castles compared to this.  Sadly, this specific burger is no longer on the menu, and to custom do it, they would've charged extra.  So that wasn't cool.And I think that is the only negative point I might have.  Seriously, I love this place.  Its only got 4 stars cause its not somewhere I can just up and say "let's go!" because of the prices.  Well......let's rethink that.  See, I HAVE to have cheesecake.  After all, it IS the Cheesecake Factory.  Its their defining thingy.  And cheesecake (plus a beverage) is what really rolls my bill over the line.  But is the cheesecake all that???  Oh my friggin goodness, yes.I cannot speak for all the cheesecakes on the extensive menu, for I simply cannot get past the Banana whatever cheesecake.  This is just the best cheesecake I have ever put in my mouth.  I won't attempt to describe it, just know that if you like anything to do with bananas, this is for you.  You two were meant to meet.  Destiny.And about that extensive menu...yeah its big.  Soooo many choices.  They've got pastas, rice dishes, platters, burgers, steaks, seafoods, pizzas (the littlest in our fam ordered a pizza and it was 2 times as big as his head)...and then of course all the appetizers, drinks, and deserts.  I don't know why someone would ever complain about a big menu.  That's beyond me.So what else?  Uhm, its a good place for a date...although I must say there seems to be so many complete hotties here at any given time, that some unfortunate glances my inevitably happen....so be warned fellas.  I suggest you wear sunglasses.Uhm, the bathrooms were clean each time I went.  Although this last time there was a big line....with food this rich, that is to be expected.  Atmosphere is enjoyable.  Some people may think its a little uppity, but coming from a guy who wears jeans and a t-shirt most days, I'd have to say its ok.  A lot of the teen crowd and early 20s, but its not an obnoxious atmosphere at all.  Its a family place.So...yeah.  If you can stand to spend about 20 bucks a person, don't care about the calories, and want some really good food and a lot of it, come.
3	I kind of have mixed feelings about the Cheesecake Factory. On one hand, I love the ambience of the restaurant and the waiters are always nice and friendly, it's also my favorite place to get cheese pizza. On the other hand, the portion sizes and the caloric values of their food is kind of ridiculous. I mean, 1500+ calories for a piece of carrot cake? Is it really necessary to make it that fattening? I now try to avoid eating here since their meals are too high in calories and too addictive, like the majority of restaurants are nowadays.
4	Was there for my birthday yesterday, but it's not the first time I had been there. The service was excellent this evening, but I think that was because we got there at 5:30, just before the dinner rush hit. Our meals were brought to us in a very timely manner, and they even accommodated a picky child. I'm not sure why it says it's not good for kids, as the place was full of them and they have a kids menu. The servings are always way more than you need. I had the Cobb Salad and brought most of it home. Had the calamari as an appetizer and absolutely loved it. And of course I needed a piece of vanilla bean cheesecake, after all it was my birthday. :-)  I definitely recommend going but try to plan a down time or just before or after a normal lunch or dinner rush.
1	Careful eating here - This Cheesecake Factory gave me and my wife food poisoning from Chinese Chicken Salad, undercooked chicken or workers handling lettuce. Either way it has a history of unsanitary violations.
4	Cheesecake is never disappointing. We went today for lunch, my boyfriend and I. We decided to split a small appetizer and then split a chicken parm sandwich. I placed the order, and the waitress asked if we wanted salad or fries, I said fries. Then the BF decides he wants to be the boss of the relationship and ordered salad. Ha, he is just so funny. So when the waitress passed back by I said can please have the salad and a side of fries. She said, "I was gonna bring you some fries anyways". What a great waitress she was. She was very good at keeping our ice teas full and kept us stocked on ice too. It was once again, Another great experience at Cheesecake Factory. I love this place! A bit pricey if you dont split the orders but its always a good meal! Love it!
4	We concluded our shopping with a visit to The Cheesecake Factory!  We have been to the Factory a couple of times before.  We were greeted very promptly and cheerily.We asked to sit on the patio, the restaurant was fairly full and only one other table outside.  The patio at The Cheesecake Factory is fantastic!  The tables are spaced nicely, nice water feature in the center, greenery encloses the patio and misters run down the center of the patio as well as the outer edge.  Not that they would be used for a while, but the patio is equipped with heaters for winter night patio dinning.Hannah was our server.  She suggested several items and very patiently took care of two of us adults and the kids while we waited for two others in our party to arrive.  Hannah was very attentive and engaged our kids too!  This is always great from a server because our children are a big part of our experience and they comment to us on restaurants, services, hotels and entertainment.  Sometimes too much.  Our daughter loves the bread the Factory brings to your table and of course the Godiva Cheesecake!Our other dining guests arrived, with more shopping bags then we left them with, and we proceeded to enjoy the palate creations from the menu. We decided to try multiple appetizers for a variety of flavors. We ordered the fried artichoke hearts, avocado eggrolls, Tex-Mex eggrolls, ahi tartare, shitake asparagus bacon pizzette and Thai lettuce wraps.  The kids enjoyed mini corndogs and bowtie pasta.  Our son loved the mini corndogs because they came skewered and he had sticks to stab his fries and anything and anyone at the table. The different flavors and textures were wonderful.  Our table have been/are in the food business and we enjoyed discussing the sauces, what we would change, how it would affect the items they came with and just plain enjoyed the entire meal.  We also enjoyed the drinks, particularly the sangria.  It was very fruity and extremely refreshing on the patio!  We ordered cheesecake, the Godiva Chocolate, for our daughter of course, the Dutch Apple Streusel and the Caramel Pecan Turtle.  Hannah and several other staff members graciously accepted our request to surprise our daughter for her birthday.  They wrote in chocolate Happy Birthday and added several confectionery candy dots to her cheesecake lit a candle and sang Happy Birthday.  They were great!Thanks Hannah and the staff at The Cheesecake Factory for helping us celebrate our daughters 8th birthday.  We will be back!
5	I should one day try different dishes from here, but I just can't pull myself away from the Bang Bang Chicken & Shrimp! I about fainted after finding out how many calories are in this dish, like many others on their menu. But omg is it WORTH IT!! Huge portions that are good to the last bite! Always had good service. Not great service. But I don't come here for the service! lol
3	You have got to try the Fire Roasted Fresh Artichokes, even if you don't like artichokes.  I love getting to the heart, especially since it has an amazing smokey flavor.Another amazing winner is their Avocado Eggrolls.  Every single person I have taken here is in love with this appetizer.My family adores almost every entree we have tried here, sans the Cuban Sandwich.Now to my most recent problem with them.  My wife and I took our daughter here for her 18th birthday dinner (at her request).  My wife told them in advance we were here for an 18th b-day, and then reminded the hostess upon our arrival.  At no point during our stay, did anyone come out to bestow birthday wishes to my daughter, although we did witness their singers at two other tables.Great food, hit & miss service, and sometimes no birthday wishes... :(
4	At the last minute, I changed my birthday dinner local from Oregano's to TCF. No hate against Oregano's, but I wasn't really that hungry and wanted cheesecake as opposed to a pizookie for dessert. So we made our way to Chandla and our group of 6 was quickly seated, with no reservations mind you. Our server was very sweet, though it seemed she wasn't so well-versed with the menu quite yet. Most of our group ordered off of the small plates menu. I got the chicken samosas (I had no idea what they were, and neither did our server) with the caribbean cooler to drink. Both of which were delightful. Everyone else seemed pleased with their dishes. For dessert, they came over and did the birthday thing, and I had the RED VELVET CHEESECAKE WHICH IS SO GOOD OMG. I can't wait to have the other half that is sitting in my fridge as we speak.
4	Excellent food, but have to wait a little wile.  Food come in big portion that I can only eat half of it.
3	I have eaten at many cheesecake factories, from Biltmore/Phoenix to Kierland to Irving, CA to San Diego and beyond, and. I can honestly say that my experience this last Saturday has completely soured the experience. I know that one lousy waitress shouldn't ruin my entire opinion of a franchise, but "Tiana" our waitress as pretty much guaranteed that it will be a LONG time before I return. It took forever to get anything we ordered. After saying we were not interested in dessert, she proceeded to spend 15 minutes telling us about the new items on the menu. She brought out our check without asking if we would like to split the check. We gave her 2 cards told her to put $X on one card and the balance on the other. When she brought it back, she had done the opposite. A few days later when we looked online at our bank accounts, she did not charge me at all and charged my friends card twice.It was just a miserable experience and I hope it doesn't speak for the chain as a whole and the types of people they are choosing to hire to represent their brand.
4	gotta love cheesecake factory! came here for dinner with my roomie and we were not disappointed. got seated right away. service was good although our servers nice attitude seemed a bit forced. i had the tuna tataki salad which was great and the dutch apple streusal cheesecake. the cheesecake was the perfect mix of sweets. mmmm so good.
3	Amazingly long menu, tons of items but yet the vast majority of it doesn't really interest me.  High quality food, and well prepared but am I every really saying "oh, I gotta go to the cheesecake factory tonight"?  No, not really. But at the same time I'd never really say no to going to the cheesecake factory, you're going to get a good well prepared meal there.  *serves coke products
4	Jacob rocked!  We sat on the patio, we love the patios in Arizona! Jacob engaged our two children, which is always the sign of a great server and creates great dining memories for the kids! We started with dessert first and Jacob brought our cheesecakes out super fast. Very attentive and courteous to listen to our kids' drawn out stories. He even had extra bread sent out to us, yummy!  The food is always great at the Factory, but the service Jacob provided made our visit Fantastic!  Thanks Jacob!!
3	I was disappointed in my trip here tonight. We went for my friend's birthday. The place was completely empty when we got there around 9pm, yet we still had to wait for a table which was strange. Our server was cute and friendly but he failed me in a couple other ways. First, I started off with an iced tea and then decided later on in the meal that I wanted to try the strawberry lemonade like my friend did and he charged me for both drinks. I work at a restaurant and I would NEVER do that to a customer, unless it was an alcoholic beverage of course. Second, I ordered the fish tacos (big surprise I know) and was disappointed. He didn't ask me if I wanted the fish grilled or fried (I wanted fried) so when I got them and they had grilled fish i wasn't happy. Plus the cheese in the tacos was so overpowering that I couldn't even taste the fish. I wish I could give this place a better review but those two things kind of ruined the experience for me.
3	Ive never been a huge fan of Cheesecake except for their amazing cheesecake.  What I have eaten here, Ive been happy with.First off, when you go there and sit down, they give you a catalog style menu that's about 20 pages long mixed in with company advertisements.  Cheesecake Factory has a ton of food.  I love their bread they bring out (of course not the best bread of all restaurants.. that goes to Firebirds).  Make sure to ask for more butter!They give you huge glasses for the drinks so that's a plus.  Ok now onto the food.  I personally love the Cuban sandwhich and for an appetizer you cant go wrong with the artichoke.  Just delicious.I go to CF maybe every four months.  It's not always on top of my list, but i"ll go if others want to.and last but not least... the dessert is top notch and a must (assuming you're not full).
4	If you can't find something you like on this menu then it's own your own shoulders, they have something for everyone
2	"Oh Ma, a Cheesecake factory gift card! You shouldn't have" no, seriously. She really shouldn't have."Nesto, take Helena out for a nice dinner" Mom says beaming.At the Cheesecake factory??! But I love her...Cheesecake factory is ok.  For the record I am not a cheesecake fan, so that being said...I took my mom out to lunch with the gift card, because she appreciated it, and Helena passed. LOL can't say that I really blame her.The place has issues with identity...and size. Basically Cheesecake factory is a bisexual man with a small penis, metaphorically speaking.I get the feeling that even their staff selection is based on this premise. All very nice folks, but somehow not decision makers in this world, so stuck in limbo. I had a Monte Cristo. It was very OK. My mom could make me better...hey there's an idea for next Christmas! Mom had the lettuce wraps and a gargantuan salad. I had Merlot, my mom had Gin and Tonic. It's a solid safe bet if you are from out of town and don't want to chance it on a better independant restaraunt--Although if you are on Yelp, there really is no excuse. We will steer you to a great restaurant. Other than that I can think of no real reason to frequent here. There are just too too many great restaurants that I want to try in the Phoenix area.
2	Man... the cheesecake factory. I loved this place when I was like 8 years old and they were only located in california. Now, it is just a strange experience. It's strange because people line up to come here and wait an hour sometimes.... for what? The food is mediocre at best and it's incredibly overpriced. Anyway, my brother had given me a gift card to this restaurant for chrisanuka. So I finally got around to using it last night. I was in class until 8 and needed to go someplace that was open late (and since we had the gift card, this was the place). The first thing I really hate about this restaurant is the menu size. It is totally unnecessary and every time I go here I just sit and stare at the menu for ever before figuring out what I want. And it's not because it is all too good, It is trying to figure what type of food do I want, what isn't going to be incredibly ridiculously unhealthy, and what isn't 15$ because that is just too much to be spending on a mediocre meal in a chain restaurant. I could go to a pretty good local restaurant and pay the same. Also, with such a big menu I wonder how much of it could possibly be fresh... everything on their menu can't be ordered everyday...? I don't know. So last night I finally decided on the Saigon chicken sandwich with a side salad and the BF got the club. Both were fine, at least with the sandwiches the portion size isn't quite so crazy. Kind of on a side note, our waitress last night was really strange. I think she was putting on an accent and she kept including herself in her questions ie Would we like some pepper on our salad? (um I don't know, would you, creepy waitress lady?) Also, I don't know if the restaurant changed, or what, but she spouted off a 5 minute speech when we got there about the menu (and on page 5 you will find this item, and on page 7, this item).... that was really strange. I have the menu right in front of me.... it is large, so maybe I need direction around it, but generally I can read.So anyway, for two sandwiches, no drinks, we paid 27$. That is insane. But we had the gift card, so it turned out alright.... but seriously... why do people eat here? I do not understand it! What is the appeal!!!?!?!?!?!Ok sorry for the rant.
3	Great food.  Overpriced.
4	You can never go wrong with a cheesecake factory.. The restaurant we were supposed to go to was only having a tasting menu and we got stuck coming here on our date night... The service was good it was packed we sat at a bar table, the waitress was very sweet and the drinks were strong I had my usual the crusted chicken romano and it was just as good as always.. Besides all the fans coming up to us it was a great night.....
2	We met some friends there, there were 4 of us all together.  I ordered a Navajo chicken sandwich.  My daughter ordered a bacon cheeseburger, and my friends ordered an Asian chicken salad and a chicken salad sandwich.  20 minutes later, my friends got their food.  And I wait and i wait, and finally 5 minutes later Megan and I got ours.  So we finally begin to eat.  The food was just okay, didn't really taste like much of anything.  Megan said her cheeseburger was ok.  Megan and I also both got a margarita, and for  $8.00 you get about 6 ounces of drink, and that's frozen margaritas, not on the rocks.  Glasses are TINY and the drink was not anywhere near good.   Certainly not worth $8.00.  Restaurant is so noisy you have to  yell across the table to hear anyone, and at night they dim the lights so low you have to really focus on the menu or you can't read it.    All in all a pretty bad experience.   The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that the cheesecake is pretty good.  $8 for a slice, definitely not worth that, but it tastes good.  I won't be going back and if you don't go either, there's no doubt you have made the right choice.
5	Food was great, service was top knotch.
1	After waiting for over an hour (also with 2 little kids )I finally get my $16.00 spicy chicken pasta and the noodles are hard... this isn't what I would expect after waiting so long. At this point I have no desire of waiting for them to bring me a new plate.  They didn't even offer to take it off the bill! There are tons of places to choose in this area I'm  not sure I will ever go back.
3	Good for cakes!!Food....humm my problem with restaurants here is that as food options, they are always limited. Sandwiches, pizza, soup, salads or pasta. So we tried pasta Da Vinci and Chicken picata. The second one tasted better, the first hummm not that good. Next time will stop ONLY for cake!
5	With a rich atmosphere, pleasant wait staff, and food to die for, this restaurant is truly something specialMy wife and I ordered the Strawberry Lemonade, Stuffed Mushrooms, Chicken Bellagio, and Mahi Mahi Mediterranean. Every morsel of what we ate was divine.I highly recommend the mushrooms, and trying the Bellagio put my mouth in food Heaven.Tiana C was extremely pleasant waiting on us, and other than maybe prices being a "smidge" high, and I do mean just a smidge, there's nothing I would change about Cheesecake Factory
4	Came back for my daughter's 19th celebration, and the staff didn't disappoint this time.  Still cant rave enough about the avocado eggrolls and the crusted chicken romano.If you like the flavor of the islands, you simply have to try their new pina colada cake cheesecake.  Scrumptious!
4	I'm not really a fan of chain restaurants, but Cheesecake Factory takes them to the next level. The atmosphere is festive and upscale. Despite the size of the restaurant, it's actually a really nice place to have a romantic dinner with your sweetie. My fiance and I like to go here to celebrate special events like our anniversary or our birthdays. We don't go here on a regular basis because it's a bit pricey. The food is really delicious, though. The avocado spring rolls are my favorite.
2	Pumpkin cheesecake is really good. But the to-go bakery orders get messed up every time i come here. I'm talking, for years. Always someone different. It's like they just don't care.  The last guy was completely apologetic, but not apologetic enough to get a manager to open the locked door after I discovered our strawberries for the strawberry cheesecake (you pay extra for them) were not in our bag. We were in the mall. The mall doors were locked, and we were trying to go back out the door we came in. He made me go outside around to their front door to bring me the strawberries. I'm glad some lady was coming out the mall door and held it for me to go back in, or I'd have had to walk all the way around the mall to my car in the cold w/o my coat or my family, who were way inside and I said I'd be right back.People must like it despite the high prices, because it's usually packed and there's always a wait if we want to eat here. I've just had bad experiences getting the to-go bakery items.
4	Last night my bestie and I dined at the CCF with a friend from college and his co-worker who were both visiting from out of state. We were seated immediately. Drinks were served within minutes of our arrival. I ordered the avocado egg rolls (delicious!) and the chicken parmesan sandwich. The sandwich was very good, but I had to take 1/2 of it home because I was so full. My bestie ordered a salad and it was huge! Overall this was a pleasant dining experience. I'll be back.
1	Every Cheesecake Factory will have the same quality food, but the service will greatly vary.  I placed an order for a cheesecake for someone's birthday at work several days in advance.  I told them my name, my order, and specifically requested that the cake be ready by 11:30 A.M. on the pick up date.  When I came at 11:30 to pick up my cake, they did not have my name on any order, and they did not have any whole cakes defrosted.  The cashier took my order right there and gave me the requested cake, but then proceeded to ask me "Are you going to eat this cake right now?"  Telling her that our party was at noon, she proceeded to tell me "You are going to have to wait 1.5 hours for the cake to defrost."  What??  She did add in a quick "Sorry" but in that "Sorry, but deal with it" tone.  Due to this location's poor planning and bad customer service, we were unable to have the cake for the lunch party.  Since we were at work, we could not wait 1.5 hours for it to defrost since we only had a small block of time to serve it and eat.  I'm never getting anything from this location again, and if you get anything to go, I'd be wary of ordering any whole cakes from them.
4	I will admit it! I have an unhealthy obsession with the Cheesecake Factory. Yes yes, this is a chain, I know. But honestly, I don't give a flying f*** if its a chain or an independent restaurant owned by some cute little family down the road. As long as the food is delicious and plentiful, the service fast and friendly, the cost is palatable,  and the atmosphere clean and pleasant, I will be a fan of any place. After all, isn't that what writing reviews and being a foodie is about?I come to Cheesecake Factory often and I can't think of a time when I had a non pleasant experience. Yes, there have been a couple of waiters that are a bit slower then others and some of the dishes were not as good as others, but I can always say that Cheesecake Fac is a safe bet if you want a nice meal that will fill you up along with decent service. If you have ever been to the Cheesecake Factory, you know about their menu. It is literally a book! They pride themselves in having something for everyone so there are tons of items to choose from. Here are a few of my suggestions of what to order so you don't go wrong: Appetizers:- Sweet corn tamale cakes- Fried chicken sliders- Avocado Eggrolls- Fried Zucinni small plate - Their small plates actually have alot. They are like the size of a normal appetizer that is not on steroids- Clam chowder or creamy chicken and artichoke soup - Believe it or not, their clam chowder is the best I have ever hadEntrees:- Chicken Costelleta- Chicken Chipotle Pasta- BBQ Ranch chicken salad- Salisbury chopped steak- Crispy spicy beef- Bang bang chicken and shrimp - Only order this if you like Indian spice flavorsKeep in mind that everything is massive in size so in my opinion, the prices are pretty decent for the amount of food you get. You could share one entree with another person and get an appetizer and be stuffed yet not spend alot. Now I will admit that there were some things I had at the CC Factory that were not that great. The crabcake burger is too greasy and overpowering, and their mac and cheese balls are nothing impressive. But the good far outweigh the bad and there definitely is something for everyone. Heck, if anything, there is always the cheesecake which they have in every flavor imaginable. Try the dutch apple or carrot, these are my favorites!
3	Simple question.  How can a restaurant with a menu as big as the CF do anything right?  Do they do everything right, nothing right, or somewhere in between?  My experience has been that they're somewhere in between.One thing for sure, they used to do carrot cake really good.  They don't any more.
5	The love the dim lights, the temp was perfect, the server was prompt, laid back just the way I like it. The portions are huge but they have a new skinnylicious menu that I love.
5	Excellent food! The cheesecake is amazing!!!
2	I went with my wife on a tuesday night at the restaurant and ordered Steak and Salmon dish. The Salmon was undercooked, so i asked the server to cook it more. The manager came back with the dish and told me this is your medium well salmon. I was offended by the way the manager handled the situation where he ruined my evening. I had been a chef and a manager for couple years and would never say such thing to a guest. This is an example of how some of the busiest places in town loose business.
4	The food here is consistently good. We tend to come here annually at Christmastime while shopping at the mall. Went last week with the ladies and had the ultimate food envy watching my cohort eat a chicken salad sandwich. Came back this week to test it out and it is the BEST chicken salad sandwich I have ever eaten. May have to add this to my rotation of dining spots. My other dining mates had  the Shepards Pie, which was delicious and the grilled fish tacos which were also exceptional. I always have a sense of trepidation when I pore over the such an extensive menu. But 3 out of 3 dishes were a winner. Yet another chain with multiple locations in the valley.
5	Best chicken Pam around! Oh, and always get cheesecake. Not doing so should be a crime.
5	The Cheesecake Factory is your classic family and friend, wine and dine type of restaurant. When you are searching for a quite, affordable, and all around pleasant meal, your search is over. I recommend The Cheesecake Factory to all of my family and friends whenever I get the chance. Many may feel that this restaurant seems a bit over priced; I on the other hand feel I get the biggest bang for my buck here. The Cheesecake Factory is your classic family and friend, wine and dine type of restaurant. When you are searching for a quite, affordable, and all around pleasant meal, your search is over. I recommend The Cheesecake Factory to all of my family and friends whenever I get the chance. Many may feel that this restaurant seems a bit over priced; I on the other hand feel I get the biggest bang for my buck here.
4	Still impressed by their avocado egg rolls, and the accompanying dipping sauce (cilantro, honey, lime, garlic, etc) was tap dancing all over my taste buds.  I'd love to have my wife replicate that so we can test out what other foods it would accommodate.What I wasn't impressed with was their herb-crusted salmon salad.  Maybe it was the word 'crusted' that got me, but I was assuming the fish was going to be served warm.  Surprise!  It was cold.  I choked down as much as I could, but will be going to Pita Jungle and Keegan's for my salmon salads from now on.And I cant say enough about their pina colada cake cheesecake.  A true taste of the islands, part cake, part cheesecake, all yummy.  The only things missing were the fire dancers and hula girls.They do take reservations... for parties of 20 or more.
4	Delicious food, great service, wide variety of options on the menu. Good for vegetarians too. I am a fan of their Veggie burger and Evelyn's Favorite Pasta.The complimentary bread is amongst the best too, definitely beats Olive garden, especially the brown one.I've tried only one of their chocolate Cheesecakes and I liked when when I began eating but it was too big for me to enjoy till the end. It would be a good idea to split a slice amongst two people.This restaurant may seem a little pricey but the portions are big and the ambience and service easily make it worth it.
4	This is a very good Cheesecake Factory. The service was exemplary but Heather was outstanding. Very attentive yet not overbearing. The food was very good. We had Calamari, Endive salad, Ahi Carpaccio. The perfect light dinner. We will be back!
5	Always have good selection of high quality food, friendly service, & awesome cheesecake.  Best place on earth to eat cheesecake, only problem is deciding which one to have out of 50+ flavors.  They have even gone the extra mile to cater to my vegan friends and if a problem arises they definitely try to make things right. Conveniently at the Chandler Fashion Center. =)
3	From Under Cheese FactoryBy The RueThursday lunch was the Cheesecake Factory,Ordered an iced tea but not a daquiri,Chicken chipotle pasta was satisfactory,The bread and butter were complimentary.The hostess was hot like they always are,She led us to a table that wasn't very far,When I go golfing I shoot way over par,You cannot pay your tab with an Iraqi Dinar.My friend ordered some asian salad,Crispy and fresh the taste was valid,This review is reading like a rock ballad,There aren't many words that rhymn with salad.I would have given them 4 stars, just one thing,Even the lunch menu thinks you have bling bling,$11.95 for a bowl of pasta like I'm a king,On the weekends you and your wife like to swing. The service was great, waitress was aware,I look like a hobo, she avoided my stare,I usually go commando, undies I don't wear,This place was good, and the food was fair. Brownies!!
3	This Cheesecake Factory is pretty good. The service was amazing, the manager even came over at one point and told us not to worry our food was on its way (while my boyfriend and I didn't even think it had been a long time.)The food was just okay. We got calamari as an appetizer, it was good, but just a little to chewy. My pasta was bland..and for $16 dollars I've had way better pasta. My boyfriend got a hamburger and he asked for it to be cooked medium rare and it came out well done. While this dinner experience was just meh I've had a lot better food from here..so all hope isn't lost! Then we both got a piece of cheesecake which was super scrumptious so at least there was that! If anything we'll probably give this place another try for lunch at some point.
4	My wifes new addiction...the farfalle is the bomb!
5	The wine was great, the cheesecake was awesome, the crab cakes were delish! My daughter had the mini corn dogs a great deal and she loved them! Very impressed with the cleanliness of a restaurant located in a busy mall.
5	It's the season for Pumpkin Cheesecake. The Cheesecake Factory have the best Pumpkin Cheesecake and  Pumpkin Pecan Cheesecake. Make sure to order ahead of time for Thanksgiving!!!
4	Evelyn's Favorite Pasta. Enough said.
4	I really love the Cheesecake Factory. I know the menu is huge but that means I never go to the same restaurant twice! My favorite is the grilled eggplant sandwich. The Louisiana Chicken Pasta is also always a perfect choice. As for dessert...the tiramisu is fabulous. The only reason they are not getting five stars from me is that at this location, I have had crappy service twice. Indifferent servers who really seem to think they have something better they could be doing. The food though, always great. This is probably my favorite chain restaurant. The ice green tea they added to the menu about a year ago is so refreshing on a hot summer day and the best part...free refills! Love the green tea.
4	I really enjoy and have always enjoyed the cheesecake factory. They have never gotten it wrong with the vast menu and so many different dishes to choose from. I really try to only eat here every now and then especially since so many of the menu items are so full of calories and sodium. Have always had great service and friendly, knowledgeable staff.
3	Good place for good food. But not so good if you are on diet. And you will have to wait long during peak hour.
5	I don't usually review chains but let me just say something about their tropical iced tea, because that's what I really go there for!  It's the best iced tea anywhere ever. Please don't ever change your iced tea.  Of course the food and cheesecake are good but the iced tea is truly where it's at!!
2	It is what it is.  Overpriced, underwhelming food.  The burgers are ok.  The cheesecake is whipped (i.e., not good).  I can't believe I spent $70 here.  It makes me die a little to write that.  Never again.
3	Too dark to read the menu. The foods are alright. Everything is very slow.... But the check... Will not come back again.
5	Love the busy and loud atmosphere, perfect for a weekend retreat. I always go for the chicken little, their veggie and salads are also great. The portions are enormous, you get what you pay for.
3	I haven't been to this place in ages so we decided to try this place again. It hasn't changed very much. Still has a huge menu with large portions.  I had the Cajun jambalaya pasta. It was very spicy with really tender chicken over a bed of pasta. I thought it was pretty good. My wife had the pasta over meat sauce which was pretty good but she could only eat half of it. My son had the rib-eye steak and it looked ok but he enjoyed it and my mom had a turkey and guacamole sandwich which was good. The best part of going to this place is the desert and we had the snickers and the red velvet cheesecakes. They were pretty good but not great. The food overall was pretty good. The service was ok. It seemed like we had to wait a long time for our food and after we were done eating we had to wait a really long time for the server to come and get our desert order. We got there right at 5pm and didn't have to wait for a table. Otherwise, I don't think the food is worth a really long wait.
5	Went on Saturday for lunch, delicious, great service and we tried the stuffed chicken tortillas I think they are called and it was so delicious I kept eating from my sons dinner. I usually get the chopped salad from the sides menu and it is a really good sized salad with chicken and blue cheese.  It is $10.50 but can definitely be your meal and has just enough dressing to be light and you feel good after eating it, not over stuffed as it is easy to do here. The warm sourdough bread is awesome and I am not a bread fan whatsoever.  Our waitress was Brittney, an absolute beautiful young lady and she was very sweet. We love this place and have never had a bad thing to report. Just prepare to wait if you are in a vacation destination such as my hometown of San Diego or Hawaii. Very busy and popular.
3	I like the Cheesecake Factory menu, but the portions, calories, and sodium and fat counts are really too much. I like their happy hour, however.
1	The service sucks!! This is the third time I had to go to that place because of my office colleagues. I just ordered a pizza 'without' pepperoni and they got the order twice 'with' pepperoni and said sorry we messed up and finally got me an average tasting pizza with salty fried egg plant on top of it. And for all the mess they created, they did not even have the minimum courtesy to offer a waiver on my check! Last two times I have been there, the food was terrible to eat. The dish dripped in oil and french fries were bitter! The feeling of thinking about it while writing this makes me sick! Never going back to this place nor am I recommending it to anybody else. Overall there is only a 30 percent chance that you ll end up with good food if you go to this restaurant.
4	This place has a decent sized menu. Lots of desserts! Staff was friendly & we were never waiting on anything too long. Food was good.
1	I don't understand this place.  The wait was long (40 minutes); lucky of us, the shopping mall distracted us.  I had the spicy cashew chicken over rice.  It was NOT spicy; the chicken was bland (because it was pre-boiled?); the sauce was pure hoisin from a jar. Did the cook put the entire jar of hoisin sauce in this dish, and not other spice? The sauce and the chicken did not go together at all.  My wife had the chicken mushroom lettuce wrap.  It was OK at best. We ended the meal with the warm apple crisp with ice cream. It was way too sweet; spoon for spoon, pure sugar would be less sweet. Only the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream were any good. Oh, one more good thing was the complementary bread and butter served ahead of the meal. The service was average.  So, why is this place so crowded that we had to wait 40 minutes for a table?The chance I returned to this restaurant is very slim. Not recommended.
5	I really like this Cheesecake Factory compared to some other locations I have been to in California.  I have had excellent experiences both with to-go and dine-in.  Kaitlin is the best to-go specialist!  She always makes sure I have what I ordered and makes sure to go through my order before I leave with it.  Joe is the server I had the last time I dined in the restaurant and he was wonderful.  I recently had to adopt a special diet and Joe really took the time to review what would work best for me.  After being a corporate trainer in the restaurant industry for several years I can honestly say both Kaitlin and Joe are great representatives of why this place is so good.  The food can only take you so far, but having a staff who does a great job and treats the customers well will bring people back for a long time to come.
5	Very good service excellent Steak cooked perfect to My liking the asparagus was delicious.  My Son really enjoyed His Hawaiian Pizza abd of course the. Cheesecake was incredible!!!!
2	2nd chance didn't make it better . They messed up our dinner order and had some  kitchen issue, so we had to wait. Food came Orange ckn and it was overcooked and very,very dry !
5	Jared was my server great job made my experience great I work in the service industry so I know good service from bad this service was awesome recommended a pasta I loved it thanks for everything keep up the good work
4	Great service. Great food. I always get the Santa Fe salad or the bang bang chicken. Yum! The cheesecakes are always a good plus- if I'm not that hungry!
3	I have mixed feelings on the Cheesecake Factory. I have come to the conclusion that the Cheesecake Factory needs to find out what they want to be. Do you want to be a Mexican restaurant? A steakhouse? An American grill? Clearly this mix match of food and seven menu pages worth of choices has worked for them for a long time but my belief is that you can't do something great if you try to do 100 things at one time. Too many menu items! While variety is nice, the menu is overwhelming and the chef's have way too much room for error. My food has always been just okay here but it is clear to me why. I do love the cheesecake. It is my favorite dessert so that is of course ultimately why I come here. I generally decide to make a meal of it when I do come here and often just wonder why I didn't just go to The Keg across the street. Why have a mediocre steak when you could have an amazing one? For now I think I will just stick to The Cheesecake Factory's namesake. How did a dessert restaurant turn into a free for all of tex mex, steaks, burgers, pasta and seafood, oh my!
5	We sat in the bar for lunch. Julie, the bartender,  is awesome!  Exceptional service, which is hard to come by. Good food too.
4	I hadn't been to this location in a long time and ended up wondering why  I don't come here more often. Probably the calories but the food was really good! I had the buffalo chicken strips and ordered a side of mashed potatos. Made my own meal! My daughter had the louisianna chicken pasta and it was really good. I love their white chocolate raspberry swirl cheesecake. They also have the best blue cheese dressing I have ever had and they do sell it to go. I usually pick one up once in a while and use it on salads and veggies. They do have a new "skinny" menu with reduced calorie items but it is just so hard to pass up the other really good menu items! The menu can be a little overwhelming but is well organized once you figure it out!
5	Can't beat Cheesecake Factory. One of my favorites. Jus had the salad and nachos tonight. The salad made it healthy for me. At least that's what I'm going with. The food was great as always.
3	Stopped here for early dinner on the way back home from a trip.I had the Jambalaya and hubby had some chicken that comes with a brown sauce, brown rice and black beans. Everything was OK, just the brown rice was very plain and my pasta was a little tough... I like their flavored iced tea, and the bread (molasses bread?)
1	We went there for my birthday. The bread was cold and HARD. The butter that came with the bread was not soft (almost seemed like it was just taken out of fridge). So that wasn't a very good start of the meal. The food quality was good (what I expect from Cheesecake factory). The worst part was when we told that bread was cold/hard and if we can get some fresh bread, they had nothing to offer. They said it was all like that. Really? Love Olive Garden and Carrabbas for their bread and service.
4	The food is really good, and the menu offers a lot of variety to choose from. The decor and lighting give the restaurant a great ambiance, making it an excellent place to take a date. I always seem to get great service when I visit, but they do tend to be a bit pricey. The only big drawback to going here is that they don't take reservations, so if you plan on dining on a Friday or Saturday night, be prepared to wait for an hour or more.
4	I went with a large group of people on a Friday night.  They don't take reservations, so it took us about an hour to be seated.  Service was prompt, but the waitress had so many tables it took about 45 minutes for the food to come after ordering.  Some of us wanted desert, so that took an extra 45 minutes.  The place is packed with lines coming out the door most of the time.  Personally, I think the food is good, but not good enough to wait for.  I also think prices are pretty high.  Two alcoholic beverages, a main course, and a desert is about 50 bucks a person.
3	Good place with reasonable prices. Had the BBQ burger which was good and the sweet potato fries were really good as well... Being in the mall this place is definitely a good alternative.
1	Filthy. Watched the bus person "clean" the table with food still left beneath seat from guest before us. Menu left on the ground next to that food. Table top dirty, silverware filthy.This place is about turning tables, not experience. Never again.
4	Great location, sucky parking.  Being so close to the mall you have to drive around and find something. The food was what I have come to expect. They were able to accommodate our party of 10 in a matter of minutes (lunch made that easier, I think).  The staff was attentive and the price was right.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!! My family of 4 waited over an hour for our food and the server NEVER came to let us know why it was taking so long, refill drinks or check on us for anything! My husband finally had to track down a manager and she told us the computer system crashed, still no communication between management and the patrons, staff or anyone, when the food came it was horrible and cold, we were beyond unhappy. Will NEVER go back.
1	I visited this location a couple of weekends ago. I was alone and just wanted to have lunch before I went to see a movie. I was seated in a section that was pretty much empty. I was placed in a corner and no server over to my table for 10 minutes. I even went so far as to make eye contact with a server and wave at her and she just looked away. I got up and went to the hostess station and told them that I wasn't going to wait ten minutes for someone to acknowledge me and that I would be taking my business elsewhere. I am a former server, bartender and host and I feel like this is unacceptable for the staff to flat out ignore someone.
4	I've always had mixed feelings about the Cheesecake Factory.I am not much of a cheesecake aficionado, and they have always struck me as an icon of american food excess.  The few times we've eaten in one, we have always left with a bagful of leftovers capable of feeding a third world family for a week.  A slight exaggeration, but not by much I believe.On the positive side, Cheesecake Factory makes some really interesting and tasty dishes.  I have also found that I have become susceptible to subliminal messages while watching Sheldon and Leonard discuss their BBQ Burger on Big Bang Theory. LOLSo here I was shopping at the Mall and wondering about lunch, when I walked passed Cheesecake Factory and thought of Sheldon and Leonard's discourse.  See link: http://bigbangtrans.wordpress.com/series-1-episode-5-the-hamburger-postulate/So instead of their preferred BBQ Burger, I went with the Classic Burger for $10.50 (see photos). Wow it was huge (maybe a 1/2 lb.) and very, very good. A couple months back we were in LVS and had an enjoyable dinner at Gordon Ramsey's "BurGR". This burger is a close second to that carnivorous experience. I'll say it again, wow. Cheesecake's Classic Burger is grilled on an open flame and it picks up all that smokey taste from the grill. A nice touch was the sliced grilled red onion which is served on top. In summary, an absolutely Four Star Plus experience; and yes I am a Fan. Maybe next time I'll try Sheldon's BBQ Burger. Hmm, I just realized my review feels more like a Chuck Lorre vanity card. LOLEnjoy!
2	well its exactly what you expect from a large chain restaurant, massive portions and below average food quality.  Kids like it and its not a bad vibe.  If you are anywhere near being a foodie don't go here!  Find a locally owned restaurant and enjoy dinning out.  I had the chicken and biscuits, it was presented as a pile of food that looked like a pizza delivery guy drove it around the block a few times before it made it to my table.  need I say more.......
3	I go back and forth with Cheesecake Factory. It's a love/hate relationship. My brother wanted to come here for his birthday, so we came. I usually get the deep fried mac n cheese balls (an app but I get it as an entree), but I saw they had it on a burger so I went with that instead. It was OK, but I would have rather gone to Red Robin. The caesar I got was disgusting. No flavor whatsoever. My  husband got the club which is HUGE and my brother got the three cheese pasta - they both liked their meals. You have to try the deep fried mac n cheese balls - they are what keep me coming back. The strawberry lemonade is delicious, but SO sweet. In fact I had just the regular lemonade this time and it was super sweet too. Pretty quick service and we were seated in less than 15 minutes even on Friday night.Their Sunday brunch is delicious - lots of yummy options and you won't leave hungry!
1	For reasons I don't fully understand I tried to eat here tonight.  As usual getting a seat was a chore...whether the place is crowded or not (not in this case).Anyhow I sit down, menus arrive and then some moron walks up to talk with the folks in the table behind me and he's smoking a e-pipe!!!!   Really!!!!????  WTF!!!!!Cheesecake Factory I'm putting this one on you for allowing it to happen. I'm done with you.If zero was a choice I'd go with that.
2	I like to dine at the bar for lunch. Female bartender is very efficient at multitasking but she likes to scream across the bar to take your order while making drinks, even when it's not busy. Today, she faced the register while she took my order. I was literally talking to her back. She tends to need to be reminded a couple of times for things. Someone please tell her to slowdown, face her customers, stop taking orders from other side of bar. She looks like she's hustling but it ends up being bad service.
4	The restaurant was busy on a Thursday night which makes my heart happy. I love to see businesses thriving in AZ.  The service was fantastic. I was only in tonight for dessert and coffee. However,  I have eaten at CF many times and have never had a bad meal. They have great pasta dishes and a yummy Aloha themed salad. Today I had a piece of their Coconut and chocolate flavored cheesecake. It was of course yummy. Thank you Jodi for your wonderful service.
1	Cheesecake Factory is one of my favorite restaurants, so the utter disappointment with our visit there last night really makes me sad. We didn't have to wait to be seated which is really surprising since this place is always packed. The hostess showed us to our table, and as we were sitting down, a waitress very rudely came to the table and told the hostess that someone was already sitting there. The hostess said it was okay to sit there anyway, so my boyfriend and I started looking at the menu. The waitress who said that someone was already sitting there was literally giving us the evil eye. The hostess came back a few minutes later and asked us if we would mind moving to another booth because there were other people who were waiting for that booth first. If that was the only problem we had, I wouldn't be writing this review, but it got worse from there. Our waitress was very nice and pleasant, and she in no way contributed to our horrible experience. We ordered our food at 6:45pm. I ordered the chicken maderia and my boyfriend ordered the Moroccan chicken. We waited and waited for our food, and at 7:15 a manager came to our table and said that an "overwhelming amount of people ordered pasta" and because the Moroccan chicken came with kous kous, our food would be delayed. She said something like 300 people ordered pasta and the kitchen couldn't keep up. I've never heard of this happening before. She said it would be a little longer until we got our food, but it ended up being another half an hour before our food came. I'm sorry, but waiting an hour for 2 meals is not acceptable. My boyfriend said his meal was terrible and was not worth waiting an hour for. Needless to say, we won't be back to this location and probably to the Cheesecake Factory at all.
2	Waiter lacked ability to serve properly very disappointed overall left with a second waiter so far not much better
2	Cheesecake Factory does some things well but breakfast isn't one of them. Tried an egg dish one more time and yep, they still overcook them, brown and dry.  Way overpriced also, $16 for eggs and coffee... I'll be back, but not for breakfast.
1	We were waiting 15 min for someone serve us, and then 10 min for ordering food, the coming 20 min for food cooking and came out no napkin no silverware but a rush guy threw the dish on the table then left.  That's my first experience eat at CHEESECAKE FACTORY, but also last time too at least the last time!  Btw, the food is under cook!  Good luck!  Guys.
2	Sadly, this used to be one of my favorite places to dine, hands down! Now I'm not quite sure where the standards have fallen. The last 3 or 4 times I've been there, the servers all around seem inexperienced, unconcerned and entirely...sloppy. Normally the service is impeccable and I enjoy my entire experience. This time we were directed to a table in the bar and were greeted by a very sloppily dressed blonde pony-tailed server. She asked "Oh, is this where you're sitting?" .....uh...no waaaaay, we're just resting here until we find a new table? Sarcasm. But seriously why would you ask that? If you wanted us seated elsewhere, that's the hostess' job, not ours. I ordered a well whiskey and coke, tall, double shot of whiskey. She brought me a tall glass with ice and whiskey to the BRIM. There was no coke. My boyfriend had to go to the bar and the bartender made THREE drinks out of this one drink...Food was fast and delicious, but our server was just entirely lacking. The other young lady who dropped our food off did so without eye contact and didn't leave me time to ask for a side of something for the meal. Really?  I did not enjoy this experience at all and it will make me think twice before returning. I am so disappointed in the service standards. I know servers are necessary by volume but they need to be checked out properly before they are put out on the floor alone.
4	I like the Cheesecake factory.  It is always good for a substantial, good meal.  Is it phenomenal, no?  Is it bad, no. It's good and for the most part, consistent.We came in around 8 pm on a Tuesday night so needless to say, it was pretty quiet.  There were lots of servers standing around so when it came to get my iced tea refreshed, I was surprised I had to track someone down.  The bartender, who was also our server, was engrossed in a convo with a male customer (perhaps she thought he'd be a better tipper? ;) ) so we were invisible to her.  Too bad too, as she seemed promising.One of my staple dishes I get at the Cheesecake Factory is the Tomato Basil pasta.  It is always an ample serving that I can usually get 2 meals out of.  I also love a good old slice of Original Cheesecake.  Keep it simple and you won't be disappointed.
5	The Cheesecake Factory Restaurant is a great place to have a quick meal as there is a large collection of meals to suit every customer's tastes. The restaurant claims it serves gluten and sugar free options. One can place an order and then walk around to do some excellent shopping. I had the privilege of sampling Mexican cuisine and did not regret the option. The orders are served unbelievably quickly while still very hot. The restaurant gives revelers sugar free cheesecakes with some strawberries. The floors are meticulously clean, an attestation to the efforts the management puts into cleanliness. The prices are incredibly decent for a restaurant of this quality and fame. Customers are assured of quick and friendly service from the ever-smiling members of staff. The restaurant serves amazingly huge parts and customers can request take out boxes if they feel like doing so. It is a very popular restaurant and so a visitor might have to wait a bit longer on set days. Nevertheless, no one wants to dine at an unpopular place
5	Fast, accommodating service and food was  great. Our server , Rosa, was delightful and eager to make sure our impromptu birthday dinner for my 10 year old went great. The did a great job accommodating food allergies too.
4	As soon as you walk in you're greeted with friendly staff. The whole interior is beautiful. You're quickly asked if you want to sit inside or sit out on the patio. If you're a patio person, come during the evening. The whole ambiance just seems to be romantic, that is if you're out on a date. As soon as we sat down, our waitress came and introduced herself. It was a little difficult to hear her with all the Music and people there so maybe they should alert their staff members to speak up. Our order was quickly taken along. If you don't know what type of food you want, come here. They have so many food choices to pick from for instance, Mexican, Italian, American etc. I went ahead with angel hair pasta with shrimp which in fact satisfied my appetite. After dinner, you're going to be asked if you want dessert. I didn't know what kind of cheese cake to try so I asked our server what new comers normally try and are pleased with. She suggested I try the red velvet cheesecake so I went ahead and ordered that. It was probably one of the best cheesecakes I've had in a while. A little on the sweet side but I scraped majority of the frosting off. Looking forward to coming back to another Cheesecake Factory, I might even come back to this specific location. Great environment, friendly staff, and tasteful food. (I'm giving four stars because our server was really nice until we left. It felt as if she was being nice to us up until we signed for the bill. I had just gotten off work but I don't think I looked like someone who wouldn't tip... Might I add, the rush server basically threw my plate on the table.)
3	We've been to this restaurant a few times and have had pretty good experiences. I've come to learn to not be too adventurous with the menu - they have some really good options & some not too great choices so I'm starting to stick to the meals I know I like. As far as drinks go, the Tropical Martini, Georgia Peach, & Prickly Pear Margarita are a few of my favorites. For the main dishes, I really like the Bang Bang Chicken & Shrimp, Pasta DaVinci, and the Santa Fe Salad. I'd say that this is a restaurant that's somewhat overpriced but the quantities but the quantities are really large. I'd prefer it if you could order their main dishes in half sizes at a lowered price. The Godiva cheesecake, Vanilla Bean cheesecake, & Fresh Banana Cream cheesecake are also worth trying. Keep in mind that if you're going in a large group, they don't do reservations so on a weekend night, expect a long wait!
3	Average American food. Nothing striking good. Thai lettuce is good. Calamari is great. Lunch menu is more reasonable than dinner.
5	Im honestly surprised to see even a single bad review for this restaurant. I was super impressed with the overall operation of this place. This is my first visit to any cheesecake factory, and it was an excellent experience.I feel i should mention, i was there to have dinner with my wife and daughter, and i had no time restrictions. I wasnt in a hurry. I wasnt looking at the clock. I also wasnt worried about the cost. It seems petty, to me,to worry about dollars and cents when spending time with people you like. So my experience is based solely on what happened, and no outlying factors.We were seated promptly, and greeted by a friendly, nice looking server( i wanna say her name was rachel?, but like i said, i was here for family time) all of the staff appear clean, in clean uniforms, and nice looking. Drink orders, warm bread , blah, blah ,blah. Waitress was super patient when we werent ready to order, she seemed relaxed, and not at all hurried, even though the dining room is ENORMOUS. So we ordered. shrimp with angel hair and asparagus for me, chicken somethin for my wife, and plain burger for my kid. It was all good. Asparagus was perfectly cooked, uniform in color, crisp, but chewable. Pasta was 'al dente', which is exeptionally difficult to acheive in a commercial restaurant. Now, i honestly couldnt tell you how long the food took, or how long we were there, or what the servers attitude was like, because I WASNT LOOKING for those things. In my opinion, if your in a hurry, or concerned with your funds, maybe a table service restaurant isnt your best choice.In conclussion:As a professional in the restaurant industry myself, i was extremely pleased with my experience here, and i will go so far as to say, "cheesecake factory is pulling it off".
1	Very Beautiful restaurant - that's about it.I didn't expect fine dining but this was tasted like overpriced tv dinners.  It used to be ok now it just falls way short of acceptable.
1	We only went here because we got a gift card to go.. Long wait, very un personal customer service. I asked what was good and server wasn't really thrilled that I was asking questions and just said he's give us some time. Well it took forever for him to come back, we ordered and waited. Strawberry lemonade was way too sweet, also for some odd reason we didn't have a bread basket like the other tables...well we got our meals and they looked like they had been just thrown on the plate. The best thing were the mashed potatoes. Salmon was overpowered by the spices, literally had to scrape them off. Had the white chocolate macadanian nut cheesecake, which was amazing. That was the best thing we had all night, I would probably not go if I was the one paying.
2	Cheesecake Factory is my go-to when I've a rough day or just don't feel like cooking. The portions are huge, and the service is *usually* decent.We went last night (Tuesday) after a rough day, neither my husband or I felt like cooking. Figuring this was our best option since it would have something for everyone, we went late hoping we'd miss any crowds. But its a Tuesday night in late May, why on earth where there be a wait?Sure enough, we got there and it was a 5 minute wait. No big deal, even though we waited more like 10-15 minutes...and that is no fun with a hungry 4 year old, when its after 8pm. Probably our mistake as parents thinking we would get a quick meal, and be in and out. We were seated and it took another 10 minutes for someone to come get our drink order. Our waiter did apologize for the wait but it was a very half-assed apology. Either be sincere or don't bother mentioning it. We also ordered our food since we had time to look over the menu. Drinks were slow getting out, another 10 minutes. Food was also slow getting out. We were probably here 40 minutes before we got our food. It was busy, but not that busy. Our waiter was nice but did not ask me once if I needed a refill on my drink, my glass was clearly empty. He did offer my husband another beer though and promptly brought that out. The service here just sucked, and its gotten worse every time we've come. I know losing us as customers won't make or break you, but we really are done with this location. If you must go to Cheesecake, opt for the Biltmore location!
4	Went during Sunday at lunch. Slight delays in service, but food was great as it always is. Only minor criticism is that they overcooked the chicken breasts on all of our meals so it came off as a little chewy and dry.
5	Great food and selection, can't go wrong here.  The food has been good every single time and the service is consistently good.
1	Worst service I've ever received at a Cheesecake Factory. Our server Morgan was extremely rude and got our orders completely wrong.
5	Honestly amazed at their customer service. The food has always impressed me at The Cheesecake Factory and I've been to many. This time was no different, loved it and now they're serving a complete gluten free menu so I can take my gluten sensitive loved ones along with me! It is impossible to give The Cheesecake Factory less than 5 stars!
5	Love this place. Friday night dinner rush packed and we barely waited twenty minutes for a table. The host staff was a well oiled machine. Pot stickers as usual for an app and jen order the Ahi Tuna Roll. Be forewarned its fried so the meat is cooked. It's was ok. Can't not order my chicken Madeira and luckily enough they have a combo with it so I could also try the Steak Diane. I'm temporarily against trying new food items after a bad bad experience at one of my favorite places to eat when I tried something new. Jen ordered a combo too with the Steak Diane and Herb Crusted Salmon. Diane was a little so bland for me but I ate some and Jen's cat will be in heaven with the rest. The chicken barely hit the table and it was gone. Yummy!  Jen said hers was good. Her salmon was a little overcooked but that she would get it again because the lemon sauce was really really good. I am full so it's going to be blueberry cheesecake to go. I want to finish by saying our server was awesome. Timing was perfect for delivery on food and drinks, and thus the five stars. Customer service can make or break a business regardless of the product or cost. Regardless of the business you are in, this is a universal truth. Her name was Natalie P.
2	I've been here many times for dinner. Must be just my luck but service is not great. I came here on Thursday to order a full cake for pick on Saturday. The young lady who helped me Thursday was great! Today tho, I came in and they were giving me trouble on picking up my cake. I had my pickup slip and paid for it in advance. It took them almost an hour to finally "find" the cake. They should have had it ready to be picked up in the front fridge. Next time have someone who knows what they're doing when dealing with customers. Not happy.
1	I wish I could have gave this 0 stars but I can't first thing there was a hair in my food and everyone has only ate a little of there food and had to stop cuz we was disgust my one friend Alex was sick from it them we got the manager and she only was gonna say sry then we was like can u take all this off and she only took the noodles off although we a couldn't eat our food it seems like everytime I come there there's a problem or hair in my food and I think it's because we ask for our food crispy when I ask Chrispy we get a hair when we don't no hair plus very rude customer service NEVER EAT HERE
2	Disappointed that if I order off the "skinnylicious" menu, I can't get bread and butter? What? If i ask for it, I know that it's not skinnylicious anymore but that should be my choice...
4	I was lured in by the National Cheesecake Day deal of half price cheesecake.  How can you go wrong with a deal?Service at the bar was okay but kinda slow because they had to get the salt for my Margarita and that took longer than it should've.  There were vacant seats at the bar and a couple took a pair of seats to my left and the gentleman waited until I got my drink so he wouldn't crowd me.  Another lady swooped in and was rude, bumping and crowding me unapologetically so she could have the vacant seat I opted to not be sitting in while I got my order.I was very glad to get away from that scene.The hostesses got us a table in just over five minutes and seated us promptly.  There was a lot of activity there on this particular day because everyone realized at the last minute that today was the last day for half price cheesecake.  Our waitress was sweet and kinda adorable too with her positive approach, bringing me water without asking, and helping to select menu options for hubby and myself.  I couldn't decide on dinner and asked for her to give me a recommendation.  I went with a salad, I think it was their version of an Asian salad but truly I just can't remember.  I had asked if there was a salad with strawberries and chicken and what she suggested is the one I had, but she got the kitchen to add strawberries so it was more to my liking.  Excellent.And hubbies pasta was served up as he had requested too.  Very nice.French fries that were supposed to be part of my sons meal were overlooked and didn't make it to the table until he was almost done with his sandwich.And the manager actually stopped by to apologize for the French fry oversight too.Here we were enjoying each others company and the food, discussing the day and such -not at all in a fuss about the overlooked FF, so it was a surprise to have him check in on us.It seems the spicy chicken sandwich he ordered was not what he had hoped for because it didn't have enough spice to really qualify as "spicy", but otherwise he said it was good.Now the cheesecakes, omg, there are so many options it's difficult to decide.I went with my first impression and got the Mango and Key Lime.  Not being a fan of Key Lime pie I wasn't so thrilled with that part but thought the Mango might make the Key Lime a nice blend.  Eh, not the case.  I felt I was eating a Key Lime with Mango cheesecake.Still good and after a couple bites with some coffee I decided I should have the rest packed up and it was time to go.Prompt seating even through there was a huge crowd.Really good service, but the times I've been here before I guess this is standard and to be expected.Yummy meal that was ordered up with specific instructions and delivered as such.
5	Love the food.  I go to Cheesecake Factory at least once a month.  Went to Sunday brunch this last weekend and once again they did not disappoint.  They are consistantly great!  Refreshing to go out and be served food better than a meal I could fix at home. Pretty much anything you order will be excellent! I've never ordered anything I didn't enjoy.
5	Haven't been to Cheesecake Factory in a minute... Flew into Arizona Friday and had dinner here. Well more like i had "appetizers" here cause i wasn't too hungry because i ate at the airport before i left. I would have rated this place 4 stars had it have not been for our friendly server Hallie. Nothing like a server that knows what they're doing :) She's a keeper!
4	Good Happy Hour prices...full sized appetizers for less than half the price...$5 and and most are around $12 normally. Plus $5 tall Mojitos. Usually hit the Chandler Mall location on a day of shopping, and have never had a bad meal and service always good
5	Who doesn't love the cheesecake factory? Can't complain, service was great! Food always taste the same no matter which one you go to.
4	We went Saturday night 10/11/14, at 7:30pm. Hostess estimated our wait at 10-15 mins. After 25, I asked where they were at with calling us and the hostess stated we were 2nd to be called. We waited in view as approximately 6 other parties were seated. At approximately 50 mins after first putting our name in we complained to the male manager (white male 50s) and he immediately sat us. He offered to immediately put in a couple appetizers while we were looking over the menu and got those out ASAP. He brought them out personally saying they had a cook standing by to quickly turn around our orders and those did come out quickly. The food was good as usual, nothing crazy, but still nice. Our waitress was also on top of things. They comped the appetizers. We appreciate the manager writing the wrong and his sincerity.
2	Nice atmosphere and friendly server, but blah food. No one in our party reported liking the food. Maybe it was the prices. I don't think that we will return.
3	Just had their mushroom burger last night (11/07/14) and it was outstanding.At 12.50 its not cheap but its large, super tastey and worth every cent.As for the factory in general...... The place can be a literal zoo on fri and sat nights at 6 pm . A mass of humanity . Plan accordingly or prepare for the dinner apocalypse!
3	Meh! Server was great, but not my scene. Too dark to read the menu, the menu looked like a novel there were so many pages, and everything was overpriced for the quality. It was ok at best, but you can find much better food in the area.
1	I've been here once, and I was expecting this place to wow me. It didn't live up to it's reputation of being so dazzling. I waited about 10 minutes in line and when we finally got seated the waiter took 30 minutes to ask for our order. I ordered a steak (well done) with a side of French fries. That took another 30 minutes to arrive and my steak was very raw. I didn't bother asking anyone to do it again because no one was around and I didn't want to wait any longer. Though the steak was bad the french fries were alright. Funny thing is, they only took about 5 minutes to give us the check. Service is mediocre. Food is a downer.
1	Customer service was not that great. We were taken to 3 different booths because the tables had not neen cleaned yet. Why not just have us wait? After the tour through the restaurant, I ordered the chicken picatta. It was fair at best. My son had the hibachi steak which was very good. And my daughter had chicken alfedo. Then the waitress made an unforgivable error. After she took my daughters left over plate (to pack in a to go box), she first stopped by a dirty table to clear dishes. She walked back into the kitchen with my childs plate of food in one hand and someone's dirty dishes in the other. Total cross contamination!! YUK!! Needless to say...we left the to go box there and it ended up being a waste of money and a disappointment!
