4	The staff is always friendly!  I love the products and it's way cheaper than Wild Oats!
5	Love the food here!!It is a bit of a drive from where I live, but it is well worth the gas money!The food here is healthy and delicious! Shopping here makes eating healthy so easy!!Also, the flowers here are always so beautiful!
5	I friggin' love Trader Joe's. We buy most of our food there, and it makes you wonder, if they can offer such clean healthy food at such reasonable prices, why can't everyone?  A great wine selection, reasonably priced...in some cases half what you'd pay for the same bottle down the street. Lots of organic and semi-organic stuff that isn't crazy expensive, dairy products certified to be rBST free, baked goods with no hydrogenated oils, all that kind of stuff. But it isn't a "health food store" it's just a "good food store". Great cheese, pasta, olive oil, canned roma tomatos for 1/2 what you pay anywhere else, great fruit, prepared products that are actually really good (like imported frozen asparagus risotto from Italy...that's the shit)...a nice selection of frozen fish, vitamins, beer....It's really what every grocery store in America should aspire to. They prove that grocery shopping doesn't have to be a choice between poisonous and expensive.
4	Good store - nicely laid out, huge wine selection and oodles of relatively fresh-baked sweet treats.  Decent selection of fruit and veggies.  I'm addicted to the meringue cookies here, and they're even near the door so you can grab 'em and get in line quickly. ;)
4	Everyone loves the Joe's!  How can you not?  It's a great place.  You can get (relatively) healthy food all in one spot AND pick up the best bottle of three dollar wine you've ever had.  Everyone who works there is always totally friendly and help me get in and out quickly.This location is the nearest to me and it's still a little far, though, so I don't make it as often as I do to, oh, Sunflower Market (which I like just a teensy bit more).
2	We like it because it is cheap and has some good ravioli.  Lately, the store has been empty of product.  We asked why, they told us they didn't know how they wanted to remodel the store.  We have heard this many times before and nothing changed.  We originally thought the place was closing...Well, I guess it isn't, but this location isn't as good as it used to be, it is always empty, and there is never enough inventory.  Try the one on Decatur instead, even though it is very far from here.
5	Love it.  I wish there was one closer to where I live, but rumor has it they are opening up on Eastern @ Horizon Ridge in September. I can't wait.They have great prices on everyday cheese, tp & energy bars.I also love all of their seasoned nuts.  Yummm.
5	I love Whole Foods - I really do - but they are so expensive. My nutritionist mentioned Trader Joe's, which I would often forget exists. It's a relatively small store with no fresh meats or fish but a relatively large selection of frozen foods, and a decent enough cheese selection (nothing like Whole Foods, though!) They have nice variety of decently priced packaged salads that are great for lunches at work. My shopping this past week was almost half as much as I would have spent at Whole Foods for comparable purchases. The staff are friendly, and there is often free wine tasting in the large wine area.  I understand that a Trader Joe's will be opening in the Kmart Shopping Plaza near Horizon Ridge and Eastern in Henderson. I hope it's a big one!
5	The new TJ's is open at 10345 S. Eastern Ave. Henderson, NV 89052702-407-8673
5	trader joes is awesome.  great good options.  great beer/wine.  great prices.
5	Trader Joes Is All That & A Bag of Pita Chips!I wish I stilled lived on this side of town I really like trader joes- nobody is quite the same, Sunflower is great too, and everyone loves whole foods but who can afford whole foods market? Not me!!Trader Joes pre-made lunches are pretty great (the ones in the deli area are the ones I am taking about they are very good)... also the cranberry sauce that they carry seasonally doesn't have fructose corn syrup or aspartame in it like everyone else's! Last but not least if you like buying cleaning products that aren't tested on animals- the sage oil and water spray "next to godliness" is the bomb! It works wonders, smells good, and wasn't tested on animals- oh and cheap!!
5	Who doesn't love Trader Joe's? Great deals on wine, lots of fun foods to try, and decent prices on all the staples. And this Trader Joe's is staffed by particularly nice people.
4	For some reason when I was younger, I hated Trader Joe's. I don't know what my problem was back then, because Trader Joe's is amazing. Trader Joe's satisfies a variety of audiences. If you're a vegetarian, vegan, health nut, hiker, someone looking for organic products, local products or....a mid-20s bachelor? You'd never think one place could satisfy all of those niche markets AND also be great for your average yuppie, but that's what make's TJs so amesome. My personal favorites, being in the mid-20s bachelor category, are the frozen foods and breads. Their assortment of frozen foods is unique and delicious. I love their Mexican selections, including "Hand rolled chicken tacos" which are basically chicken flautas. They make some really decent pre-packaged sandwiches as well. Be sure to stop by the fresh artisan bread rack before you leave, or you will miss out.
4	My first trip to a Trader Joe's was this one located in the heart of Green Valley some time ago. For years now I have loved to visit this Joe's for the wonderful food and items they carry. Fantastic staffGreat foodHard to find items Great Value on certain exclusive products
4	Trader Joe's is really a good place to shop - they have great produce, meat/poultry/fish, cheese, dairy, flowers, dry goods and their prepared products are usually very good and interesting/flavorful.  Wine/beer/liquor/cider selection is also very good.Their retailing approach also generally keeps prices reasonable, although some things can be a bit pricey (but the quality is commesurate).Service is very friendly as well, and they always have a treat for my child when finding Koko the monkey.  Return policy is very good as well if you get something that isn't quite right.I particularly like this location, as having Trader Joe's here (and this is similar in other locations) means more walk in traffic to the other businesses in what generally are strip malls that are older and need some redevelopment.
4	Hot damn I love this place. Every time I go in there it is a veritable treat for the eyes, the stomach, and the wallet. Even though I bought way more than originally intended, I still found some neat buys that I cannot get at any other grocery store, as they are Trader Joe's branded. From black bean & cheese taquitos, dark chocolate covered raisins, vegetarian chili, or - no fucking way, could it be?! - vegetarian steak strips (!!!! so hard to find !!!), this place has all those little things you thought you never needed but once you have them, you can never live without. They have terrific deals on a wide variety of products, including olive oil for $5.49 made in Italy, and a basil plant for $2. Crazy awesome. The only reason I'm knocking off a star, and it isn't necessarily their fault, is it is ALWAYS a fuckshow there. It doesn't matter when you go, it could be a zombie apocalypse and still there will be people in their looking for vegan organic free-range brains. If you're a health-nut, veg*n, or just plain cheap and can handle a crowd, Trader Joe's is the grocer for you.
3	I used to love going to Trader Joe's.  The food was always fresh.  I loved their ready to cook meals like pork chops with apple dressing inside.  But since Fresh and Easy opened not far away, I think that their business has dropped off.  With less business, they don't seem to have the ready to cook meals done in the variety that they used to.  I tried to continue to support them as a business, but honestly, I would rather go to Fresh and Easy.
5	Lots of love to this TJ's.  I recently moved away from this intersection but used to be across the street.  I love my people here Mimi, Jason, Bob and George.  Everyone is actually super nice and helpful.  They have some awesome product.  I have mentioned in the talk thread my love for the Shrimp Green Curry with Jasmine Rice.  They have amazing stuff like tomatillo-avocado salsa, a variety of hummus, fat free Greek Yogurt, mint iced green tea, all sorts of nut mixes, long stemmed artichokes, etc.I love the wine selection and feel great every time I walk in.  I always find something new (mini kiwi for example) or enjoy special items (meyer lemons).  Eric R. likes their muffins.  The best part is - samples are always available!
4	I really am fond of TJ in general but some are better than others. This location is close to my new home-away-from-home so that's a plus all on its own but the staff here are very friendly and helpful and they have a great selection. I love their pre-made/prepared meals and their orange chicken (frozen) is WOW - so good!Give em a try...you won't be sorry =)
5	Love this TJ's! Staff is amazing and will go out of their way to get you what you need. They're knowledgeable on pretty much everything in the store and I've never been disappointed with any of their recommendations. The store can get kind of crazy on the weekends (particularly with  families who believe that grocery shopping requires the entire family...TJ's is a compact space that is NOT conducive to family outings...that's what the park is for) but the staff is always ready and are quick to open more lanes when things start to get crazy. They're always gracious, even in high pressure situations and you never feel like you're being rushed. The store is always clean and well stocked with your every day staples and with your not so every day staples that can inspire even the most cooking-challenged individuals. If cooking is out of te question, they have some really great ready-to-eat and pre-cooked selections that require microwave power and very little brain power. They especially have a lot of great appetizers in the frozen foods section that you can whip out for an impromptu dinner party or quick entertaining. As if that isn't glorious enough the shelf lining the top of the freezer section is packed with some of the best chocolate covered snacks you'll ever have. The s'mores are my favorite! They truly set the standard for customer service not just at markets but for any business. I come here at least once a week and know that I'm guaranteed an excellent shopping experience.
4	Trader GO's! I love this place! They are similar to Whole Foods but with better prices. They have great organic and healthy food and all kinds of wines and beers. I went here recently to try the Pumpkin Butter...which was amazing! Everyone is getting it this year. It is rich and similar to peanut butter ish...and only like $2.69 or so. I also love the paper bags they use here.  I always leave feeling better than when I went it. This is a great place to shop for those hard to find, good for you items...Yum!
5	I love this Trader Joe's the best. The staff is so friendly & affable. If you're a frequent shopper like me, they recognize your absence. Love how the checkers make recommendations on items for you pertaining to your purchases at the check out register in a friendly way. They offer stickers or a balloon to your kids when they have some. The store is always clean, organized & decorative.If you love nuts, they have a great variety of nuts & dried fruit for a good price. I love how they have reasonably priced organic fruits, eggs, dairy & other food items as well.  I bought these organic trail mix cookies there that were so good. It was made without dairy, eggs & gluten free. I couldn't stop eating them. They have some good hummus dip, salsa, cheese & lunch meat. A lot of their cereal is good too. The Triple Berry Cereal is so good!  Many of their things are good & very reasonably priced. The Greek yogurt is good. The drinks are cheaper. I bought the 100% cranberry juice for half the price I would pay at Albertsons or Smiths.It's cool because they have a sample counter for their food, coffee & juice of the day. I love to buy their coffees & teas too. The expresso they sell called D'Aquino from Italy is really good. It's smooth...I usually go there on Sundays, & I noticed that they have a wine tasting. Pretty cool, huh? Their wine is pretty good. They have different kind of beers too. They don't have a big selection of raw meat & chicken, but the ones they have are quality. I usually get my meat or chicken somewhere else because for the price, it's not enough to feed my family.  The same goes for their fresh herbs like the cilantro. It doesn't come in a bulk like at Albertson's, Smiths, or even the Sunflower Market. One last thing, I like their plants & flowers. They are always look good & also low priced.
4	If I'm not @ Costco, or Walmart, I'm @ Trader Joe's. This place is a California'y type place where you can buy all the weird stuff you see on the food ntwk that you've never heard of and if you cant find it here, its @ Whole Foods aka "whole paycheck". What I typically buy here:1) persian cucumbers $2.49 for 6 or 7 mini cucumbers2) $1.49 for 16 oz. organic baby carrots3)Eggplant Hummus $1.99 only 35 calories per serving!they have tones of different kinds of hummus: garlic yumM! Mediteranan wow so good, its  like the hummus capital of the world. all kinds of dips and good things. 4)  Pumpkin Butter. WOW. dessert can be 2 regular saltine wheat crackers smeared w/ pumpkin butter. close ur eyes. u just had PUMPKIN PIE. omg. so freakin good. 5) Roasted dried, unsalted slivered almonds. wow. buy a bag every 2 wks. 6) orange flavored dried cranberries - eat them alone, in a bluecheese almond salad. or in muffins, or cookies. whatever you feel like7) great assortment of nuts, dried fruit but they dont carry dried dragonfruit like they do @ the San Diego ones. 8) sides. they have great frozen food section with main courses, sides, etc. I love the black bean & corn enchiladas. 130 per serving - 260 per box. so good. 9)all kinds of cheeses.. ALMOST every kind of cheese you ever wanted to try. i get shaved, grated, creamy, you name it. blue, goat, feta, asiago, parm, reg parm, swiss, gouda, its all there and pretty decent priced10) sushi. yup believe it or not they have brown rice sushi. the only 2 i like is the brown rice sushi and the lobster roll. 11) weird funky breads. I used to buy that ezekiel sprouted bread but if u dont eat it in w/in 2 or maybe 3 days it grows mold FAST12) PREMADE salads. there are so many here. so if u want to try the cobb, pasadena, bluecheese, cranberry whoo that ones GOOD. so many i cant name them all but instead of mcdonalds for lunch ck out one of these salads on the go. The people here are super super nice. I love going here. some stuff is cheaper, some stuff isnt. I buy meat @ Walmart or Costco. here is kinda pricy for SOME stuff. wine selection is 1/5 of the store.. literally lots o alcohol. ck it out. word to the wise: some recall happend for their cilantro based items. they used to carry some delicious concoction called Cilantro salad dressing which was good on every-th-in-g! But its no longer available.
5	I'm a regular at TJ The tasting table is the best I baked like a pastry chef from one of their recommendations this evening. Get the crescent rolls roll them out add 4-8  of there semi sweet chocolate chips roll them and bake for 13 mins. Top with their amazing  peanut butter cream cheese and call 911 cause you can't eat just one!The staff is truly amazing and always goes out of their way to help .The pre made food is really good,Chicken Lasagna ,Turkey Meat Balls,and Panko breaded Tilapia  are always in my freezer.Don't forget the sweet tooth JoJos Ice Cream and these wicked peanut butter goodies will pick ya right upDollar for Dollar you can't go wrong and if anything I save more money shopping there then any place elseGreen Valley location is the best of them all!
5	This is why this location is awesome..  Being from Phoenix and only walking in here once, they had what we needed and were in there for maybe 10min max.  But why 5 stars?  They had Safety Dance playing over the speakers!!  Along with myself and my girlfriend, I saw at least four other people nearly dancing while shopping.  How awesome is that?Friendly staff and very helpful for what we needed too!
5	If you are looking for a fresh, organic and unique grocery store, this is it.  Prices are reasonable as well.  They even have more savings when you purchase their brands.  We went looking for Ezekiel sprouted whole grain bread.  We had seen the brand at Whole foods, but it was in the fridge and felt like it weighed a ton, when we found it at TJ, it was soft and fresh, sitting on a shelf where fresh breads should be.  I usually pick up snacks for out of town visitors, they love it when we give them TJ items, they don't have this place in Hawaii!  And the gift cards work great for those family members whom you want to keep healthy!Overall, good place to shop.
5	Love this place!  Back where I'm from we didn't have trader joes.  These definitely do not have the selection that you would find and a wal mart or albertsons as far as groceries go, but the food is AMAZING.  Almost everything they carry is organic.  My friends like to call Trader Joe's the Organic Wal-Mart.  The prices are extremely reasonable for Organic products.  They have a great selection on beer and wine.  Everyone that works here is always so friendly.  Especially the woman in the back that is always their giving free samples.  I discovered Mochi Ice cream at Trader Joes.  Love this place!
4	It's all about the trailed mix, organic food, and samples here all of natures candies. A lot like Whole foods but a lot cheaper and less main stream. Seems a lot bigger than what I looks like from the outside. They have some good fried snacks great for camping, long trips, and munching on any time of day.
4	It does not matter what side of town I am on, if I am close to a Trader Joe's, I will be there to peruse the aisles and plan the next meal. The staff at this location are nice, but not the Pleasantville nice of the other Trader Joe's. It is not a bad thing, but there is not as much conversation. I kind of like the looking for random stuff and having an associate come up to me and recommending different ways to use it. Trader Joe's has outdone themselves. No longer is Two Buck Chuck (Charles Shaw 2.99) the wine for the broke college student. That is right, the king of cheap wine has been dethroned and you can get your buzz on with Vola (1.99). This is the perfect wine to make sangria with. As I type, there is a pitcher sitting in the fridge waiting to be drank. So if you will excuse me.Update: The Vola wine needs to be cut with some kind of citrus soda when making sangria. There is a bitterness from it that is not masked just by fruit juice, slices, and soda water. I used some Diet Squirt and it turned out delicious.
5	The best grocery store ever.........well for some stuffNot meat,milksome basics The hummus,coffee,bread,fruit,and meals are my favorites. The 2 dollar sangiovese is extrordinary for 2 bucks!!!!!!!!Have to try the choc bananas, mediteranean hummus, and 100 cal dark choc. Bars
5	Although my favorite cashier here has appeared to have moved on to greener pastures, this Trader Joe's continues to have consistent customer service, interesting selections in every department and variety of products that can't be found too many other places.They've done some non-invasive redesign recently and expanded their produce section which I really like. They moved some of the departments around, but all of the same great products are there. Recently picked up some Lucques olives which were really amazing (if you love olives). The customer service is spot-on here and are always willing to help or offer a recommendation. The store can be a little cramped at times-it's not a large space- but I fault that to the families who feel it necessary to bring all 5 kids on a shopping trip...Always a treat to shop here!
5	This is one of my FAVORITE places to shop! I enjoy browsing the isles for uncommon items you may find! The set up in there is easy to shop and I shop here very often for groceries, as they have many small packaged items which is what I look for as I shop for one. They have many varieties of items, they get different things in at different times and have wonderful prices! The employees are so friendly & helpful and even give suggestions of items that they have tried and think you may like! I like their sparkling wine selection too! Love it because you never know what yummy surprise you may come across there! I also like their sample bar!
5	This TJ's is always a good time.  People are always friendly, customer service is key, and the produce/grubs are always nice.  I like to stop in here to indulge in some vegetarian eats when I'm in the neighborhood or if I need a fix of the chili-lemon/garlic flavored pistachios.  Oh, yeah, and the samples!  Always nice to stop in, try something new, and bring something home to munch on that different from the usual foods we frequent.  Although, I must admit, it is a bit pricey than the usual groceries I frequent, I never leave disappointed and I definitely plan to come back soon.
4	Since relocating to the east side of town, this Trader's is just as good as the ones on the west side of town. The staff here are friendly, but what I noticed is that the customers are even more friendly than the staff if you could say such a thing! This location is usually busy at the times that I go.The only discrepancy I have about this location is I noticed there isn't as much variety as the Trader's on Decatur/Sahara. Is it just me, or is the Trader's at the west side location have a slightly bigger produce section than this one? Regardless, I still find what I need to get at this one.
4	This TJ's became my go-to lunch spot while I was living a short stint in Las Vegas.  The staff at this location were always extremely nice, friendly and helpful.  The expected TJ's standard of food quality and store layout were on par with the others I frequent back at home.  I really appreciated that their pre-made salads were always super fresh (I LOVE the hearts of palm and artichoke hearts salad with the bomb vinaigrette!!).  The only down side to this location is, like most stores in Henderson, it's part of a somewhat bleak-looking strip mall and parking could get a little crazy at times (though it is usually plentiful).
2	Trader Joe's is a staple stop on our weekly grocery route. We love many things about this store and have become nearly dependent on many items. I have very little to say about TJ's that is negative but I feel that what there is that is negative must be written.Just like there are many things we come to this location to purchase, there are items here we have learned to avoid. These items are mainly in the meat department and most notably the poultry. We have purchased chicken in many forms that have been dated as fresh only to get them home and find them stinky and not fit to eat. We have purchased whole chickens, breast strips among others and are frequently not fresh. Last year we bought our Thanksgiving turkey here only to have it be spoiled with 4 days of shelf life left. So ultimately we have stopped purchasing poultry here.However, we have found one product in the meat department we love, the wild caught salmon. We like that it is not farm raised and have only had two occasions this product was not fresh. Every time an event like this happens the management at the store is apologetic and refunds our money which is great but is it a satisfactory solution? For a store that is in the business of selling food I find their inability to manage product freshness at about a two star level.While there are many things we like about Trader Joe's I feel that any company is only as good as their worst attribute. We have stopped buying many of the meats here. Maybe it is just this location that has trouble keeping their meats fresh. This review really only applies to the meat department. If this department was on it's "A" game I would probably give a lot more stars!
4	In the land of frozen foods, Trader Joe's is king!  Sure, they've got fruit, vegetables, and damn good hummus, but the value of Trader Joe's is 1000% percent its frozen goods.  Why?  Because while most frozen foods are tasteless, empty packets of fat, Trader Joe's offers a wide, wide, wide variety of frozen foods that hold their taste even if they're flash frozen.  So, hurray for Trader Joe's.Cost-wise, the place is great for generic wine and beer as well.  If you're willing to spend a little, the veggies are fresh, the cheeses are delicious and the fresh foods are tasty.  Otherwise, stick to frozen or alcohol-based.
4	Great customer service at this location.  The food is of good quality, fresh and well priced.  Prices for plants and flowers consistently surprise me into treating myself (or a friend) to a bouquet. It is a small store that can be hard to maneuver, so avoid peak times.
4	I started shopping here more because I feel it's more affordable than Whole Foods. Downside, they don't have the organic produce selection that WF does. However, they do have many other organic products, plus a wide range of trail mix and salad choices!
5	Love this store. One of the great things of living in Vegas is that they have Trader Joe's. Love the return policy, though I do hate when certain things I love get discontinued, but that's TJ's as a whole. Decent wine selection and it's cool when staff remember me & my daughter...Don't forget your bags!
4	This Trader Joe's is a LOOOOOOOT more friendly and professional than the TJ's on Eastern (see heinous review). I took one star away because the bagging of the groceries is still a tough concept, apparently.  Today I bought milk and returned home to find it SIDEWAYS in the BOTTOM of a bag of CANS.  What in the world?  (SEE PHOTO... icky)This place earns four stars because so many of the products are just really fresh and delicious... and I know, despite my disgust at the checkers' apparent lack of geometric bagging prowess, I will be back several times a week.
5	Every time I visit this trader joes the staff is very helpful and friendly. The only downside is that it is always very busy and even with all the registers open the lines get quite long.
4	I love me some Trader Joes! I could easily spend all the rent money here! After living in Hawaii for 3 yrs, I moved back here to the valley. My first stop...TJ!!! Just like a junkie chasing the dragon :)So many new products to try. I love their selection of frozen Indian food. The garlic naan is delish. Also they have mini brie and goat cheese medallions. Perfect for a single gal like me. Add a loaf of crusty French bread and a bottle of wine and now your ready to party!Prices are reasonable and most items are organic. One other good thing is if you try an item and don't like it, TJ will give you a refund, so try away. Coming from Hawaii I'm used to a casual laid back approach to life. TJ's is that vibe all day. I feel welcome there, unlike Whole Foods.
4	I have to be honest. I know Trader Joe's has healthy foods, but unfortunately I never buy them. Strike that, I did buy bananas for $.19 this past weekend along with precut veggies, but overall I always end up with the same naughty, overindulgent treats every time. Judge away Judge-A-Rella.Here's the list:Chocolate Croissants- In the freezer section. You leave them out over night and pop them in the oven in the morning and you have the easiest, fancy breakfast to compliment your coffee. This is my favorite item at TJ. S'mores Ice cream Sandwich- The best store bought ice cream sammie I've ever had. I wish I never knew about these babies.Margherita Pizza- Why oh why did they force me to sample this last night? It was really good. I need to go to Pizza Anonymous meetings... Roasted Plantain Chips- They are better for you then potato chips, but still not good for you. Of course, I like them. I have them with salsa or guacamole and don't feel as guilty about it. I prefer these now. Speculoos Cookie Butter- Less fat and calories than peanut butter. Also less protein though. This hasn't stopped my affair with this stuff. It melts like a smooth ganache on a whole wheat English muffin in the morning and I get my sweet and carb fix for the day. I can go on living now that I found you. (Pirate Booty- You are so 1997. I am over you.)There are several other tasty delights I have found at Trader Joe's that are not organic or good for me like their jams, jarred sauces, curry soups, wine, etc. For those of you that go to this store and actually buy fruits and veggies and meats you deserve a cookie. I on the other hand cannot escape Trader Joe's without the bad stuff.
5	I LOVE Trader Joe's! Their products are healthy, delicious and expand my taste buds beyond the mass-produced mini pizza's and pre-made dinners of the regular grocery store. Many of my friends complain that the prices are too high, but I don't think so. If you buy the right products you'll be full on about the same price as the grocery store because you'll be getting full on less food. Plus, it's just plain healthier. I highly recommend the pre-made salads for lunches and their electrolyte enhanced water gives me an extra boost of energy throughout the day. I'm not a fan of store-bought sushi, but their Lobster rolls and big platters are pretty delish for coming from a store. Trader Joe's is a plethora of Yumminess!
4	Bummer! The one thing that I go for at Trader Joe's is the green dried mango! But they were all out today! However I still manage to get some goodies for the fam back home in Hawaii (Maui). They should open a shop in Hawaii (Oahu) sense it's such a big thing there! If your reading this CEO Of Trader Joe's do your research and open a store there, haha. (that's if none is there yet).
5	My favorite place to shop!  I find myself shopping more here than at the regular grocery store.  The frozen meals and fresh salads and wraps are so convenient and very tasty.  Love this store!
2	You know, to cut straight to the point, this store is a huge disappointment. You will never see me shop here again. The two stars is because I just happen to be deeply in love with Trader Joe's, because if this was my first visit they'd be getting one star.I used to work at TJ's many years ago, but I know the culture that made this brand a success has not changed. This store needs to be re-educated on what being a part of this place means, STAT.I have never been to a TJ's that has such a limited stock of things. Please remember, I've worked at a TJ's (in VA) and I understand ordering, stocking, etc. That they were out of spinach, broccoli and their jalapenos were wrinkled from age tells me something is really amiss here. They actually only had one beefsteak tomato in the whole store. And you can tell that no one really gives a care. The guy I asked about stock acted like I was asking him to predict with 100% accuracy the Presidential race. No, honey, I just need to know why I can't get common vegetables here. Went down an aisle clearly in search of something. There was a girl there and she either had major OCD or she was just straightening clipped items to avoid my intense can-I-get-some-help-here stare. Obviously we know which one it was.They have a sample bar in the back of the store where they're always trying out the new things they get in. At the store I worked at, and many that I've been to, you generally call out to a potentially interested shopper (the ones that glance over for more than a second) and ask if they'd like to try a sample. These people avert their gazes and hope you don't steal what is probably their lunch because unless you get in their face and demand a taste, you aren't getting anything. It's really to the edge of rude. Fix that, please.Same thing with the wine tasting in the section where the alcohol is set up. It was right in front of the beer, which I was taking great interest in and it was obvious. I was searching for a beer that a nearby TJ's had (and where the section manager gave me a full rundown on beers/wines/spirits that made me feel like he cared - ahem) but couldn't find at this one. The non-busy wine tasting guy completely ignored me like I was invisible. Great customer service, keep it up.This store is a complete anomaly. I have yet to experience this sort of terrible customer service at any of the many stores I've been to (from coast to coast). They should be embarrassed, this store gives TJ's a really bad name. I think I'm going to call the head office, actually, because just writing this review doesn't feel like enough. TJ's is a great store, but this location needs help.
4	When I drive to Las Vegas  I make it a point to  visit a TJ for wine that's not sold in CA. It's crazy BC  the win is bottled in Duarte CA! This TJ has ample parking and check out was a breeze. I ended up stocking up on a entire case of wine.I'm ready for holidays.
5	What can I say? Trader Joe's is the bomb, I wish we had one here in Hawaii. I love Store brand Indian food packets; add some rice and you have a whole delicious meal for like $2.50. They also had a seasonal Cinnamon Spiced Pear cider that was amazing served hot. I only like a few things about cold weather, and in the top three is hot cider (along with snowball fights and wearing lots of cool layers. I look 100% fabulous in scarves ::wrist break::)
4	I'm a pretty big fan of Trader Joe's and have been shopping at various locations for years. I'd like to point out that the TJ's I used to frequent (Scottsdale, AZ) does not carry hard liquor. So I almost squealed (actually I did) when I saw that the beer and wine wall was longer and had my beloved Knob Creek. I love that you can totally buy booze here. Yeah! The thing I love most about Trader Joe's is that I trust what they are selling. I view their products as being high quality and low cost. I can write a grocery list and food budget knowing what their prices are going to be. Take milk for instance, a gallon here at regular price is as low as most big box grocery stores charge for milk that's on sale. Same with eggs, butter, yogurt, well you get the idea. Don't show up expecting to buy Coke and Pepsi as TJ's stocks mostly their own brands though they have TJ versions of most major items. My only problem with this location is that the parking lot during peak hours is messed up and awkward. However Id like to point out that most parking lots in Las Vegas are pretty messed up and make little to no sense. That felt good to get off my chest. The sweet spot visitation time is around 2pm. You can park close to the entrance and there wont be much of a line. If you've never been maybe do a weeks shopping in there and see what you think. TJ's brand Pesto + Gnocchi + Italian Sausage = hearty amazing dinner.
5	Every time I come to Vegas I must make a stop at Trader Joe's! Always loading my cart with goodies to bring back home since Hawaii does not have a Trader Joes.My all time favorite snacks are: butter almond thins, butter waffle cookies, oatmeal Dunkers, maple leaf cookies, and crunchy peanut butter spread! So delicious!Workers are always pleasant and every-time I go the shelves are fully stocked. I'm such a obsessed fan. No product has disappointed me yet!
5	I'm organic obsessed! I love Trader Joe's. I love their selection of milk & yogurt. They sell almond, soy, coconut :-) All the things that make me happy!. Almost every single time I've been to this location they had killer free samples of food and drinks. It always leads me to buy whatever it is I sampled. They have a decent wine selection-- nothing super high end, but they carry all the basics. "Mama Grace" is my favorite cashier. I love her personality and even though her line is always the longest-- it's worth the wait. She will make you smile. I just bought a pretty basil plant from there this week. YUM :) Trader Joes is a more affordable Whole Foods. It's a must try. I love everything they sell. From the salads to their ethnic section--- it's an A+My newest unhealthy obsession is their "Cookie Butter".. That's right. It's cookie dough-ish spread. Heaven. Bliss. Yum-ness.
5	I love TJ's!  I need to watch my salt intake & they have the best selection of low-sodium or no added salt food products (I can't even find this much stuff at Whole Foods)!  My faves are the no salt added marinara/spaghetti sauce, unsalted tortilla chips, no salt taco shells, and their peach pops!  On top of that, their prices are reasonable compared to Whole Foods.  The cashiers are also very friendly!
3	If I could give 3 1/2 stars I would.  Good deals on "health food".  I have had there  wine go vinegar on me years ago (and not just 1 bottle, try 5 different bottles).  But I have not had that problem again.  I usually only shop here when I need small snack for people coming over to the house.  Great cheese selection.  The produce is alright, but there are better in town.  Just because it's organic doesn't mean it is going to taste better.
5	While most Hawaii visitors to Las Vegas seem to go to the Decatur location, my favorite is this one.  The employees have always been very friendly and helpful here.  The assortment of cookies, candies, and nuts is similar to the Decatur location but here, they don't overstock the top Hawaii visitor purchases so if you want 12 boxes of Butter Waffle Cookies, you'll have to ask for them to get some out of the back.
4	Always have been a huge fan of Trader's. Love the selection they have for vegetarian and healthy eaters. This location is the closest to my home, so I shop here from time to time. The outside doesn't match the inside. From the outside, it appears you're not getting much for the area. You walk through the door and you remember that you are shopping Trader's!The employees here are very friendly and helpful. They have a beer here that I love called Heavy Lift Vessel. If you haven't tried, I highly recommend. And their prices for vegetarian items cannot be beat. Same items you'll find in Whole Foods at a fraction of the cost!Love this store and will be here a lot.
5	I am a fan of Trader Joe's, always have been since I first stepped foot in one outside of Berkeley, California in my Sophomore year of college. I was instantly in love with all the products, the amazing quality - the CHEAP prices!Trader Joe's is like your neighborhood store, except it's not Wal-Mart (YAY.) and it's l much smaller than Whole Foods, which I appreciate. I like to enjoy my shopping trips and not feel consumed by the store I am in. Often while I am at Whole Foods I feel a little uneasy because I have a hard time meandering through their multiple aisles not finding what I am looking for. TJ's is easy to navigate and set up much more like say, Albertson's or Vons. Their products are wide-ranging and they offer things you will not find anywhere else. For obvious example: Cookie Butter. I also love when they are offering samples and pop up out of nowhere to allow you to try a new delicious cookie they happen to have that day. What's better than surprise cookie? Um, not much.Their flowers are also pretty much the best you're going to find at any super markets/grocery stores AND the prices are rock bottom. I purchased a sunflower bouquet for $3.99 as opposed to Fresh & Easy who always sell theirs at at least $5.99 but usually more like $7.99+. On my last trip I scored an entire basil leaf plant for $2.99! Yes, that's super cheap, plus the basil plant was in perfect condition.I am going to start shopping here more often.
4	In my long, long road to better eating I have been frequently stopping at TJ's for my lunch and snack options. Their salads and wraps are always fresh. I try to have a different one each time I visit and have been satisfied with each one so far. Making the move to grass fed or organic meats this will be my go to store. They have a friendly and helpful staff that makes this location stand out to me.
4	My husband had never been to a Trader Joe's before (born and bred here in LV too, sheesh); he actually thought it was a hardware store. So when he asked me to describe it, I had said, "A cheaper & condensed Whole Foods Market". Pretty accurate  description if you ask me.We are regulars at Weiss Restaurant, Deli & Bakery which is a stone throw away from this TJ location. We were trying to take a couple of shortcuts on our Sunday errand run, and decided to head to Trader Joe's instead of our usual stop at Smith's. I must mention that we live about 10 miles away and have determined that if we were to move, we would definitely consider a home in this part of town (a lot of our favorites are within a 5 mile radius). One big reason being - the southwest area does NOT have a local Trader Joe's.While we couldn't complete ALL of our regular shopping here, I wouldn't be surprised if we made a stop every now and again for some specialty items. Some of the staples that we had to go a boring grocery store for was lunch meat for the husband - here it was a little pricier than we anticipated, and also the meat selection wasn't in our price range either - granted - we aren't BIG on organic, while it was cheaper than Whole Foods, we eat a LOT of chicken and it just wasn't cost-effective when you're used to paying the non-organic price.BUT (all capital letters), the staff is friendly & helpful, the bread selection was awesome ( the olive oil specialty tortilla bread was particularly awesome!), produce was fresh and the prepared meat items (the stuffed flank stank, stuffed chicken, etc.) were SUPER yummy and well worth the $$ when you don't feel like Martha Stewart after a long work day. Did I mention the specialty sauces and spice section? Oh it's great deal for your spice drawer!The frozen food selection (not just this location but I assume all TJs) is packed full with every color of the rainbow : shumai, indian food, so on and so forth. Also, I can't even begin to explain how every possible snack craving you could have could be satiated here.Their liquor section is pretty darn cool. The Trader Joe's rum is great and while I'm not a beer person - the hubby smiled at the selection and the price tag.So while it's not anywhere close to my neighborhood, I would surprised if anyone living in the area had anything negative to say. It's almost a sure thing.
4	I love this hippy-ish store. The prices are generally cheaper than what you would expect for a whole food natural no GMO kind of store. I buy all my chocolate and cookie gifts here for people that I like. I wish they had more tasty meat choices but then again I don't think hippies like meat.
5	I haven't been to Trader Joe's in some years so I'm really happy to be in an area where they are located. The store was very clean and the prices were very fair unlike my beloved Whole Paycheck which I still love. My cashier was super sweet and got us through the line quickly. She really liked my reusable bags too. And yes, they are super cute. At least I think so...and so did she.
5	As a single lady & a student I can buy everything I need here! Fresh produce is great & there freezer meals are delicious on nights cooking for one is too much.  Personal Favorite Products include: red curry simmer sauce, mahi mahi burgers, mediterranean feta and garlic chipotle salsa!
4	I'm still a fan of TJ's but the day my cousin and I went he purchased a salad which was gross. Like really gross. Wilted lettuce galore. Other than that, I still like them and will be back.
4	Trader Joe's the place where lots of our Hawaiian Island family and friends make us get them goodies...especially cookie butter.  I must say, if your lucky to find the cookie butter because I don't always see it stocked on the floor.  I really really try to stay away from this store, but let me tell you why.  This place is packed with so much goodies.  I'm talking InsideOut Carrot Cake cookies, dark chocolate peanut butter cups, Roasted Pistachio Toffee, oh man the list goes on an on.  This is actually where I do my Christmas shopping.  I shop down the aisle and grab one for them, one for me, one for them, one for me.  So it all works out for everyone :)  Trader Joes could be compared to Whole foods because aside from all the delicious  sweet goods I described, they have a lot of Organic products, whole grain, you know, the good for you treats.  So yah, (Patting myself on the back) I did manage to walk out with whole grain flat bread and Olive tapenade, some natural treats for my dog, and mint shampoo/conditioner/body wash.
5	I end up over shopping at every visit. Love the trader joe snacks and ready to eat foods or most part. I do think their produce section is limited but that's a small negative compared to the great selection they have otherwise.
5	I couldn't love this store more! location is great and there is so many selections to choose from along with the massive amounts of fresh flowers brought in weekly
4	This is a solid TJ's location in the East side. I can never resist one when I'm in the area. They are always a solid option for inexpensive grocery shopping. I swear, no matter what I buy it's always around $50 or so. Nothing more and nothing less. My favorite aisles are the frozen foods, pastries (sigh), already prepared items in the refrigerated sections, and produce. Always reasonably priced and great customer service. This location is no exception. Favorite items include the frozen gnocchi, frozen macarons, low sodium turkey meat and salads. You won't regret the visit.
4	Such a happy place!  TJ's employees are always so nice and smiley.  It's hard to resist all the goodies inside a Trader Joe's....sure, there is produce and dairy and other such grocery essentials, but check out the frozen food freezers!  And the deli area with the hummus and salsas and other yummies.  How about the cookies or muffins or cake?  Or the chocolate and candy?  Or wine?  Gahhhhh.....it's fun to look but even better to buy.  Prices are reasonable and quality is high.  What more do you want?
5	I love this Trader Joe's location. Every time I come to Vegas to visit my family, we always hit up this location. Also, Olive Garden is across the street (and of course, if you're from Hawaii you wanna hit up Olive Garden a well lol).They always have everything I need except, of course, cookie butter (thanks fellow Hawaii fam lol!). Anyway, everything else this location pretty nuch has. I always go for the butter waffle cookies or the edamame chips and I am so glad their stock is pretty much full.Anyway, on my last visit I snagged the last cookie butter!! I was so happy (even though it's not for me, boo). I love TJ's and I love that it's organic.So, to my dear fellow Hawaii residents, go to this location if you're on the East side of Vegas. It's clean, big, and pretty much have everything you need. :)
5	Excellent! I'm a huge fan of Trader Joes for their relatively low prices and excellent products. They always have an abundance of fresh meat, salads and yogurt. I tend to buy some of their brand products an have never been disappointed. Excellent steak and a variety of different dips and hummuses. Their Guacamole is really good too. Oh! They sell nuts prepackaged in single servings, perfect for healthy snaking on the go. Trader Joe is honestly my favorite and this location is always stocked pretty good.
5	I LOVE this Trader Joe's.  It was a rare rainey day in Las Vegas and the handle on my Trader's Joes bag broke.  As a result I dropped my bag of groceries.  It was a huge mess.  I called Trader Joe's and they replaced all the groceries in the bag!  I was so impressed with their customer service.  The manager was extremely helpful.  I will always shop at this location!  Thank you Trader Joe's!
5	I'm a sucker for good service and a well staffed company. They hit the nail on the head with this place. Best grocery shopping experience ever.  One of the staff members Jessica was so sweet to this older couple, it was so nice to see. I will keep doing my after work shopping trips. Thanks again!!!
5	This location of Trader Joe's is just as good as the other local location.  You walk in greeted by their beautiful assortment of fresh flowers.  They have a great selection of produce and pastries.   As I walk up and down the aisles, I alway seem to find something new to try.  The variety and selections provided here can please any palate.  My favorite item to get here is their Organic Tomato & Roasted Red Pepper Soup.  It's so delicious and priced so well!  I think it's about double when shopping in a regular grocery store, smaller package and less flavorful.  So I always stock up on this item. Checking out is a breeze.  We had a very nice gentlemen help us out - Cisco.   I only remember his name because the Thong song went through my head when I read his name tag.   He was friendly and smiling!  It's never have any issue giving Trader Joe's my business.   Love it!
4	Love, love, love Trader Joe's. Everyone I've gone to has the best stuff. I love their microwave brown rice, their individual salads (so many varieties your sure to find something you like) and their fruits (I got some really great tasting oranges here). If you go to any Trader Joe's your sure to find something unique and interesting and of course always good.
5	I love, love, LOVE Trader Joe's and this location is fantastic.  It's so well organized here and the employees are super friendly.  There are things that I buy here that I just can't get anywhere else, or just don't like anywhere else. Everyone has their own "Trader Joe's fav's" and mine are their fat free balsamic vinaigrette, Vanilla Bean Greek Yogurt, those speculoos cookie spread chocolate bars, etc. The list goes on! My only wish is that this place were a little closer to where I live but the drive is always worth it for great products, excellent service, and decent prices.
5	I found a new fave this last week...Roasted Coconut Chips. Found on the aisle with dried fruit. Simply amazing.
5	Please consider opening a store in the Destination's strip mall (Metro Pizza) located on Horizon Ridge and Stephanie in Henderson.  The new location to consider would be the recently vacated Fresh and Easy store in the middle of the mall.  Since F&E was a food distribution market remodeling to accommodate a TJ should be simple process. Did you know that the Albertson's market located across the street in the same location will be closing very soon????  This would be a no loose business opportunity for someone smart enough to make this investment.  This is a winner.
5	I have been coming to this Trader Joes for years and I am always greeted with a smile. The other day I even had one of the workers there hand me a whole print out of Vegan friendly produce! Wow, that is so nice of him. He said they can even contact us when they get something back in stock if we came there and it was gone. I love so many things at this cozy store, including a few vegan finds I just can't get anywhere else. My family also loves the indian Naan and desserts and snacks here. There are also so many choices of fried fruits, and nuts available. I love there brand of coconut water because it doesn't have a bunch of other ingredients in it. The speculoos cookies and cookie butter of course is a family favorite oh and the vegetable pot stickers are a favorite lunch box item with the kids.
4	I really wish I we had a Trader Joes where I live because I would do a large amount of our grocery shopping there. The only downside is that they are a bit more expensive but quality always costs more. The most wonderful thing about them is that they carry Lambic which is my new addiction!
5	I do about 95% of my shopping at Trader Joes, and I'm there every week. They have the best variety of organic produce and fresh fish. Plus, you can't beat their price of organic eggs, milk, and breads.
4	Nice clean store with good prices. Friendly service.
4	Great food and great prices! The produce is fresh and they have a good amount to choose from. Their prices are WAAAY cheaper than Whole Foods and everything is good quality. The employees here are also very helpful and friendly. I shop here regularly and will continue to.
5	This was my first time stepping foot in a trader joes and it's pretty weird for me. I'm just unfamiliar with a lot of their products and all the organic, grass fed, & natural products. I'm all about being healthy tho so it's just right I come back and actually shop intensively. For they do offer a lot of things that sparks my interest. Plus, all natural, grass fed, bone in ribeye. I will cook n taste u soon!
5	Love this place, staff is so friendly. Love that they have a stuffed animal for my toddler to find and she gets a prize when she finds it. My toddler hugs some of the staff members which is so cute, because they are so nice to her. She will even ask for certain ones! Huge shout out to Carrie:) Thanks for being so welcoming when we shop here. Love all the products, great foods, lots of organic options and clean food choices. Thanks for the coffee samples:)
5	i discovered this store while visiting Las Vegas. Love the assortment, the prices and really friendly staff. I wish we have a chain like that in Vancouver, Canada.
4	When I want to buy unique food in a small store, sometimes I trade with Joe. Because this location is near my apartment, I have been trading my money for unique food lately. It is a location at the southeast corner of Green Valley Parkway and Sunset Road that shares a parking lot with Weiss Kosher Deli,  the US Post Office, Doller Tree, and other retailers that also creates a convenience store for unique food.   This tropical-themed store is small on footage but large on selection. When you walk in, the produce and deli meats are to the right. At the back wall are dairy items. There are approximately four aisles laid out in a southwest to northeast orientation. According to Wikipedia, the average Trader Joe's stocks about 4,000 items. This includes specialty foods, produce, organic foods, vegetarian foods, wines, and at this location beer. When you are about to walk out, you pay at checkout lanes named after the local roads. For example register 1 would be Green Valley Parkway and register 2 would be Sunset Road.  I typically visit Trader Joe's after work. I will be in the shopping center doing errands or hanging out in Dylan's. Before getting in my car, I will pick up some items at Trader Joe's. Their blackberry juice is the bomb. I don't know any supermarket selling it. Their frozen foods chicken & vegetable wonton soup and chicken chow mien would make a microwave meal in my apartment 3.5 stars on Yelp. The chicken noodle soup features the chunky noodles that my tastebuds highly approve of. I enjoy their onion ring chips and cheddar & horseradish potato chips. When I want to attempt to be the chef at cooking my version of eggplant parmesan, their eggplant and onions were quality and competitively priced. The only flaw is they  failed to stock margarine and spread. Their butter is $ $. With that said, Trader Joe's is not one-stop shopping. Just unique-stop shopping. But, Trader Joe's does charge rock bottom prices on cold bottles of water that start at 17 cents.   The shopping environment is friendly here. This urgency to be in and out that is common in the large supermarkets is replaced by people enjoying the experience of buying these items. I am one of the customers deciding what to try next. The employees are friendly. It is my understanding they earn $10 to $20 an hour. The old saying is that you get what you pay for. The upshot is that the employees talked to me when I paid for my items and even remember me as the customer that buys the blackberry juice.   As it stands, I will trade with Joe again. The store is near my apartment and convenient to my errands. Come to think of it their ice cream sounds good. Their chocolate chip cookies sound really good. And their frozen pizza sounds fantastic. Yeah, I'll definitely be back :-)
5	Fruit spinach veggies yogurt almond milk cheese flowers. My weekly standards! I like this little spot: good selection pricing and service.
2	I used to do all my grocery shopping at Trader Joe's, but this location is just awful.  They are always very poorly stocked and I get BS excuses for why they are out of things.  I was told that I needed to come "earlier in the day" to buy salads.  In addition to that just not working with my schedule, it's unheard of.  I will not be shopping here until the ordering starts to improve.
5	I always come to this location and it's always good.My last visit is the reason for my review. I stopped in early to get some muffins, juice and water for my class. I had a small balance left on a gift card. I then realized I didn't have my debit card on me. They let me take my water and held my muffins until I could come back later and pay, which wasn't until that evening. When I came back, there wasn't any hassle and everyone was super sweet about it!  Top notch customer service!
5	This is a busy little strip mall/shopping center. Years ago, there was a mexican restaurant (was very dark inside- I liked it, but hubby didn't, but it's been closed for a few years now. Only a few vacant spaces for lease. Good amount of parking, unless it's super busy at Trader Joe's (avoid on the 1st/15th). Situated on the left- side corner of the shopping center (from Decatur),  loved and very popular Trader Joe's (one of the busiest locations)- we pretty much go here on a weekly basis. Senior shuttles come in the late afternoon on weekdays (2 pm- 3 pm). Other customers frequent this store right after work or after the gym. Best time for us to shop: sunday morning- has the smallest crowd.Situated kitty-corner from Trader Joe's, is Dotty's Bar- seems to be a popular place, and situated in many strip centers, all throughout the city.Mochicko Chicken- new place I wanna try; featuring chicken fingers and chicken bowls, most under $9.99- sauces (50 cents), drinks (two sizes) and sides (tender, grilled chicken, fried egg, rice, fries, asian slaw, stiry fry veggies, hawaiian sweet roll).Amena Bakery- middle-eastern?Amber Unicorn Books-  a used book store (seems like there are just a few of these around now)Fabric Store- looks like a specialty fabric store, especially for quilting Medical SupplyBeauty Salon- Cynthia'sNails (another beauty salon)Situated on the other corner (facing Decatur), US Bank- we stop by the drive-thru ATM sometimes; I think that the branch office hours are weekdays only.
1	Lines here are so long. The manager Brad sometimes just seems not present. Nice guy... Come on trader joes get present to these lame lines.
5	Trader Joe's is awesome in general, but Hakim is the best! He is always cheerful and makes my boyfriend and I laugh at the register. He sounds like an Indian food guru saying things like "five beautiful tomatoes", "very good bananas"! Not to mention life advice "Happy wife happy life! My boss doesn't like when I call her boss, she wants to be called Commander in Chief!" I lol.
4	Unique items and great prices.Although their wine selection is fantastic,I wish they would have more craft beer selections.
5	Experience:  I have heard about this place many times, and always wanted to check it out. I met some friends for lunch and someone that was late mentioned he was  shopping there.  I decided since it was so close, I would go check it out. Service: wow!  What else can I say?  The people in this grocery store are so nice and helpful.  I had at least 3 people ask me if I needed help while I was in there.  No wonder why everyone loves their customer service. Food: They have many organic and health food products as one would expect, but my favorite part was the pre-made single servings of salads and meals. I bought several of them, and enjoyed every one I bought.  Facility:  although a small grocery store with maybe 5 or 6 isles, it had a decent selection. It was very clean and made you want to shop there. Overall review: definitely a 5 star experience!  I will be back; even though, they are not really convenient to me. I will make a special trip just to shop here again.
5	Always great service such nice people great prices. Love the chips and teas. Love the old small town looking store.
