4	ok, if you've been living in vegas, you've had to try this place at least once.  i was pretty skeptical at first.  it's not a pretty place.  it's not the cleanest place.  it's simple and just serves good mexican food.  its not healthy eater, so dieters beware.  the hot steaming crispy carnitas plate is so delicious.  the HUGUNGOUS nacho platter is full of chunks of meat and cheeeeze.  all the burritos are good with any of the meat choices.  this place is so damn good after a night out with mr jack daniels.  then you have to wash it down with a cold glass of horchata.  this place is hella cool b/c it has a condiment stand with cut cucumber, the canned jalapenos soaked in vinegar w/ carrots, cut radish, onions, cilantro, and cut lemons.  this is how i love to eat any of their dishes and how i recommend eating there.   basically sprinle your favorite heat (hot sauce), then squeeze some lemon juice, take a bite of the jalapeno and squeeze out the tangy vinegar on to whatever you eat like a taco, burrito, or even the nachos.  the flavors are just crazy in your mouth, but ho---ho  damn good.  there are so many roberto's in this city.  this particular one and all of them are one of the best hole in the walls in vegas.  i've been to a pt pub on nellis on the east side and it literally had a hole in the wall that connected to roberto's.  WOW,  i can drink beer and get some good-ass roberto's  food.  i was sad to find out that i did not have one down the street from me, but in due time there will be one....ha..ha...ha
4	After SO many recommendations of this place from so many locals, we finally went for a late night dinner here.  For no one there at 11pm, I was astonished to see how much meat they were chopping up in the back of the kitchen.  There were 2 huge mountains of shredded chicken and 2 employees were cutting up what looked to be about 100 pounds of red meat.  No one else was in the restaurant!  Anyways..we went for the chicken burrito ($3), carne asada burrito ($4.50) and carne asada nachos ($6).  No rice, beans or cheese in the burritos, just a TON of meat and guac in the carne while the shredded chicken burrito had a couple of carrots.  Anyways, no point in going to Taco Bell for me!  My wife still prefers Taco Bell over this though.
4	Seriously some of the best fast food mexican stops around. I'm from California and they don't have many Roberto's around here but I wish they did. Yes the food is a bit greasy and yes they mess up my order from time to time but it just taste so good. Their super nachos are the best I've ever had anywhere. Try their super nancho with carnitas and hold the beans. Their even open 24 hours a day!
4	I am extremely happy they have a place like this in Las Vegas. I was scared when I moved here I wasn't going to be able to satisfy my super nacho fix. Roberto's is the place to go for late night Mexican food. Plus, everything is decently priced. I will definitely be back.I recommend anyone to give this taco shop a try. If you don't know what to order, try any of the following:-Three Rolled Tacos-Carne Asada Burrito-Anything with CarnitasEnjoy!
4	I would probably give this more of a 3.5, but since there are no halves, I'll round up.  If you want some inexpensive mexican grub, this is definitely a place to come to.  My good friend told me that this is one of her fav mexican places back when she was in san diego and i can see why...their carne asada fries were quite tasty...my only gripe is that there weren't enough fries! the amount of carne asada totally overpowered the fries.  most people will prob think i'm crazy in wanting more fries over more carne asada but when the carne asada is considered a topping for fries, i better get a generous portion of fries.  In addition to the carne asada fries, i shared a fish burrito with my sister and that was yummy! no over flowing juice action that always happens whenever i eat burritos, where you feel sauce dripping down your hands and arms like waterfalls.  it had the right amt of liquid sauce as well as veggies and generous portions of fried fish.  As for my friend's fiance's chicken burrito, that was all chicken...so much so to the point that he said he couldn't think about eating chicken for a whole week! haha....so definitely come here to try the carne asada fries and definitely come here if you LOVE meat., otherwise, the amt of meat they give you may be a bit overwhelming.
4	After reading many reviews of this fast food Mexican restaurant, I finally stopped by.  I normally like "Americanized" Mexican food with ground beef and the availability of french fries.  This is real Mexican food with all the titles in Spanish.  I had the best bean and cheese burrito I've ever had.  A simple item, but with the creamiest beans and melted cheese I will definately be back to sample a larger part of the menu.  The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is the unavailability of ground beef for us gringos.
5	Great food, and good prices.  The inside was pretty standard taco shop kinda place. The food is good. I ordered a carne asada burrito plate and was quite pleased with what I got. Keep in mind that the burritos sold here don't come with rice or beans inside, you have to order the plate. Also, it is open 24 hours!
5	While in Vegas, I was craving a good breakfast burrito. We found this place and let me tell you....BEST BREAKFAST BURRITO I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The bacon, eggs, cheese, potatoes and pico de gallo salsa were perfect together, but the real winner was the homemade huge tortilla. The burrito was so good we ended up going there twice in 4 days. The place was clean, quick and they even have a 24hour drive thru.Prices are excellent! The breakfast burrito was $4 and there was an unlimited salsa bar with chunky, green and red salsa. I would 100% recommend this place and can't wait to go back!
4	For cheap, fast, tasty Mexican food I haven't found a place in Las Vegas better then Roberto's. This location is very close to my work, so it is the one I go to most often. They are open 24 hours and have a drive through.I only get two things from here: the potato, egg & cheese breakfast burrito (which is more more of a brunch burrito then a breakfast burrito) with pico de gallo added. Or the tasty carne asada California burrito. HUGE portions for $5. Fun fact: Did you know that pico de gallo translates to rooster's beak?I don't get it either...
4	Looking for fast and DELICIOUS mexican food? Go to Roberto's and find happiness. Order the carne asada nachos and find bliss (as well as an extra pound or two). The service was suprisingly good. The cashier was super friendly (unlike some of the other Roberto's I went to). She was also very accomadating to the guests.-she replaced someone's ordered happily and even gave them the mistake order. (some places don't even do that!)-a few customers didn't know what to get and she helped them outMan, I wish I got her name down. The location is a bit older than the other gazillion roberto's that are around but the bathrooms were clean.Now that I've mentioned the bathrooms, I can talk about the food...The food was delicious. I ordered the carne asada nachos and I truly was about to cry in delight. The last time I got it (at a different location) it was very oily at the bottom. This time, it was not. There was so much meat on there I thought I was going to pop.Did I mention that it was 24 hours??
5	Best Roberto's in Town, hands down! Chips and Guac, with 3 rolled chicken tacos, rice and beans is the way to go, all their food is great there. I take all my Cali friends there and any time I'm home, there for Viva Las Vegas or Punk Rock Bowling it's a great hangover meal, I love the OC but all the Roberto's here are in SD. The place is clean too! Staff is nice and the salsa bar is stocked with salsas, peppers, and even cucumbers!
5	My husband and I found this gem while perusing the streets of Vegas for a some good Mexican food. I happened to remember hearing decent things about Roberto's so I figured why not try it out. Let me tell you that appearances aren't what they seem. When we pulled into this restaurant off S. Decatur, I briefly rethought my suggestion. It looked a little rundown and that made me a bit nervous. I figured we were already there, though, so might as well make the best of it. I am so glad we stayed! The food is amazing! I got a taco and enchilada while my husband got a burrito and enchilada. I was blown away at how good it was! My husband particularly enjoyed the pepper and salsa station with a variety of both. By the time we left we were stuffed. On top of the great food was the amazing service. The guy that took our order was courteous and even helped bring our food to the table as my hands were already full. Overall a great place to grab some great Mexican grub!
5	moved away from my fav,"rubalcabas" but robertos is bomb too!
4	Maybe it's because I work in San Fernando, CA (population 90% Hispanic) that I'm just used to really good Mexican food, and it takes a lot to impress my tastebuds. I've heard a lot of hype about Roberto's food (A LOT), so I had high expectations trying it for the first time. We ordered a breakfast burrito and a chicken taco & chicken enchilada plate (#6). The best part of the burrito was the homemade tortilla. The rest was nothing extraordinary. The enchilada was good, with lots of meat, and a very tasty red sauce. The taco was okay, but I liked the fluffy shredded cheese they used. The beans were not great, and I love good beans. The rice was okay. The red chili was good (and reminds me a lot of the sauce at my favorite taco truck in LA). The green was okay.The shop has a drive-thru which is appealing if I lived in Vegas. I'd definitely use that when I want to be fat and lazy. Inside the shop, you have to play Goldilock & the Three Bears, and try all of the tables to find one that isn't crooked. I like the posters on the wall of the story of Roberto's. It's nice to learn about the person behind the business.This place has good food - don't get me wrong. My deal is though that Roberto's isn't anything you can't get anywhere in L.A. at local taco stands, authentic Mexican fast food places, or at any of the plethora of taco trucks in L.A. I just expected more from the hype!
4	My husband and I are staying in Vegas for the weekend and found a cool home with private master suit to stay in rather then a hotel, great choice! anyway...we wanted to find a local place that was well priced and good food, so of course I check out Yelp on my iPhone!  Found this place and decided to try it.Wow is that a lot of food!  I got the bean tostada and cheese enchilada plate and my hubby got 2 fish tacos and a bean and cheese burrito thinking its small...well it wasn't lol, way too much food!  The beans were a bit salty, which is saying something because I love salt, but everything else had great flavor.  I have eaten at one other mexican food place out of a gas station and it was amazing too!  There is something to these little places, I have no idea what but it is awesome lol.
5	Robertos is mosdef my go-to mexican food fix! I come here mainly for the carne asada fries and their horchata! They are open 24hours which is awesome! And this particular one has a drive-thru! double awesome! They also have free condiments such as, salsas, jalepenos, cilantro, diced onions, etc. available for you and its suprisingly made upon order! Well this particular location anyway. The staff is great and friendly which is obviously very important enjoy and happy eating :)
3	We ate here twice in two weeks. The first time, we had carne asada and adobo pork tacos, a mixed meat combo, and tamales. The food was delicious: fresh, well spiced, generous portions, and filling, but they didn't put out the sides. The green salsa was like crack-- so addictive. The second time we had 2 adobo pork tacos and an adobo tortas. The food was well spiced and so tasty. It tasted fresher than the first visit, but 1 hour later, we both were in the bathroom with food poisoning. So, the taste and portions are five stars, but minus two stars for an episode of food poisoning.
4	Not gonna Lie this is probably some of the best Drunk food ever to go for.  Open 24/7 with heaping amounts of food for cheap price.   You cant go wrong there.   With this one having a drive thru it's made qutie a few evenings that much more convenient.  The staff is usually pretty friendly with me in the drive thru and my food always seems to come pretty quick.  What else can really be said for a drive thru mexican dine in!  I get a beef burrito and cheese enchilada with a cheese quesadilla on the side.   Probably some of the most unheathiest stuff but shh if your coming here in the first place who's really caring at that point? ;)
5	Roberto's is a Mexican fast food place that is sort of between a fast food place and a restaurant. They don't make bad food with my personal favorites being the carne asada fries, the carne asada chimichanga combination plate, the shrimp a'la diabla and their rolled taco. This place is down the street from my house so I do eat here a lot.
5	What's not to love about Roberto's? It's cheap, fast, good and always open!This is my Roberto's of choice. When the trifecta of hunger occurs (ie. hungry, lazy and cheap) I head to this particular Roberto's. I always know I'm going to get something delicious for a good deal. My favorites include their chicken quesadilla, carne asada fries, California burrito, rolled tacos or breakfast burritos, You can't really go wrong and there's usually a Roberto's on every other corner in town, so it's convenient and a safe bet. Now I'm craving a taco. ;-)
5	After a night drinking, which is like every night basically, i do try to stay on the slim side but honestly... we are in the US and slim is not really a typial american trade now is it? Anyways, thank god for this great country to allow us to be freaking fat, globby, jiggly bitches and being called sexy because we have a lot of junk in the trunk, and according to german people fat on a woman, even one ounce, is waaaay to fat... Anyways, thank god we are in the US and after boozing all night we are allowed to visit such great establishements like Robertos.If you want to stay on the german skinny side, order the sides without any carbs. If you want the full american experience, get the full load :)It is delicious, very inexpensive and more delicious as more you boozed.
4	Great mexican food to get while your hungover or drunk.
4	A little greasy, but great authentic Mexican  fast food
4	It's 3:30 late night early morning. You're on your way home after being in the club for who knows how many hours. They know you been drinking and no matter which way you take they're waiting for you, and being strategically placed around the city, they'll  get you before you make it home.  Yes, I'm talking about  Roberto's tacos. Open 24 hours and multiple locations. The chances of finding a Roberto's taco shop when you're drunk are as good as finding a McDonald's when you're sober.  Every time I go to Roberto's I have a hard time deciding what I want to order, ( besides having a hard time standing) everything is SO good. The machaca burritos and the rolled taquitos and the nachos and pretty much anything else that ends in "os" are my favorite!    So next time you're out and looking for something good and little greasy to help you soak some of the alcohol in your system. Robertos is the place!  And please don't use Roberto's as an excuse for drinking..... That's "my" excuse!
2	I have no idea why people think this food is great. I went with beef tacos to see how they do the basics.. it was tasteless beef and the shell was soggy and tough to chew. I was surprised how tactless the entire meal was and how the special hot sauce had no flavor. Sad to say.. it was really sub par food.
4	Just had lunch here.  Tremendous value for delicious food.  Chicken burrito for $3 -- huge, filling and tasty.  Fast, friendly service, too.
3	Average inexpensive mexican placeEnchiladas are pretty good.Their meats all taste strange for example, the carne asada comes in a watery sauce, FYI carne asade is supposed to be grilled!I'm glad robertos exists for moments of desperation if I'm far from pepe's or komex is closedBottom line:      If you are leaving the club at 3AM and haven't found someone to hook up with, try Roberto's, you feel much better about not having any game.
5	Saying we come here a lot is an understatement! Everything on the menu is pretty good and and best of all - cheap. My favorites are the breakfast burritos, carne asada fries, rolled tacos and California burrito. Open 24 hours, we end up here after a late night out more times than I care to admit. Service is pretty good and they accommodate most requests.
2	Robertos was on my food list for my October trip.  I tried it and well, meh.First, let me say I like the set up of the serve yourself salsa bar.  I like that they have three kinds of salsa and that lovely melange of spicy carrots and onions .  That was the highlight.  The food left me disappointed.  I ordered:1. 3 Rolled Chicken Tacos- they were the skinniest, hardest, blandest things I tried to eat.  I had them add guac to go on top.  I stopped after eating one and a half.  They were sad.  And that "guac"?  Someone ought to be arrested selling that as guac.  It was like eating sour cream with green food coloring.  2.  Steak Tacos - I have never had steak tacos so bland.  I doused them with the tomatillo sauce giving it much needed help.The only thing that tasted fresh and was hot?3.  Cheese Quesadilla - imagine that.  A simple quesadilla was the only thing I finished and enjoyed.If I could make a meal from cheese quesadillas and the salsa bar, I'll be back.
3	Another late night spot. The food is always  good. From the Carne to chicken.  It's great after a few drinks.  Try it all.
5	Fish burrito is just awesome !!!!
4	The first time i had Roberto's, I was a fan. I have to say Roberto's makes me miss living in Las Vegas. Their chimichanga's are to die for, and you can't leave there without getting a fried cinnamon stick, very authentic for fast food and just down right delicious. Out of all the Mexican joint's i've been too this has to be one of my favorite.
4	This is your typical 24hour cheap Mexican food place. The food is pretty delicious and the prices are not too bad.What I especially liked about this location is how clean it was!! Another awesome thing about this location is the fantastic service! My group was greeted upon coming in and the cashier was super friendly! Thing I liked the best: Cucumber slices at the salsa bar!
4	Carne asada nachos....... $6!!!    Carne asada torta... $6  !!!! Horchata..... $3 ALL THAT AFTER DRINKING THE NIGHT AWAY...... CHACHING!!! Oh damn.... dont forget carnitas burrito... Damn Im gettin hungry
5	hello my name is kat and im a robertos addict. its all about the carnitas nachos!
4	Yummy breakfast burrito, big enough for two, great red hot sauce, cheep breakfast! Horchata not so good, kinda ucky...
4	good food after a crazy night!
5	The best Roberto's in town, may have to wait an extra minute or two but its fresh & worth the wait!
4	I got a big ole buddy that loves to eat that recommended this spot... And I usually take his word as bond cause like I said, this brotha can put down some food, and some good food at that. The place didn't really stand out as I tried to locate it but once I found it I ordered the carne asada tacos to see what they we working with here. I wouldn't say I was blown away but I was satisfied. Decided to give it another shot and order the carne asada fries. Now that was what I looking for! I never imagined fries tasting so good.Needless to say, after going to Roberto's two days in a row, I'm currently on the John. But it was worth it.
4	I work super close to this Roberto's and anytime I'm getting the itchin' to stuff myself full of Carne' Asada randomly- I look no further than Roberto's!I've heard it's 24 hours-but I never usually hit it up other than normal work hours. Let's keep the long story short. Roberto's is basically a mainstay in Las Vegas and located all over the place. They have specials everyday of the week I believe, but I never take advantage of them. There drive through is always full so I opt to go inside and order and take my time eating. Basic seating, basic decoration, almost a fast food feel to them. But man, there Carne' Asada burrito never leaves me hungry and I have to loosen my belt notch a few notches after I eat it. If I finish it all in one sitting (which I usually do) I want to go to sleep in my comfy cubicle chair for the rest of the day. Doesn't help at work. Haha!Anyway, do yourself a favor and get sour cream extra inside of it. The standard pico de gallo and verde sauce is good, and I love watching all the people cram all the free carrots and cucumbers into little baggies like there gonna run out (which they do sometimes as your standing there.) Always leave full & happy, with only a few bucks out of my wallet. I can't speak too much for the other items on the menu, I'm pretty partial to my Steak!Cheers!~Mb
5	Carne asada tacos. Rice & beans. Side of guacamole. Guava juice. Best lunch ever.
5	The local spot! CLEAN, friendly and quick food. My  favorite is the #4 on the menu, they also have very good carne asada nachos, not so good chicken nachos. The chicken is shredded (boiled) and flavorless, maybe if they dice and grill it. The food is fresh and affordable! Now if they could serve margaritas, it would be my weekly stop.
4	We come here on every Vegas trip we take. Time and time again it turns out to be one of the better meals we have in Vegas. We always get the same thing, the carne asada breakfast burrito. It's mad cheap and very satisfying. I've been to all the foofy places on the strip too like Robuchon, Savoy, Gordon Ramsay's and Bobby Flay's places, STK....yeah no thanks. I don't see the point in dropping a mortgage payment on one meal. If you're on a date or trying to impress a lady don't take her here. If you're hung over to the wall and need some sustenance to detox this place is it. It'll leave you plenty of money to retox that night.
5	Truth be told, the five stars is probably due to a bit of nostalgia kicking in, but I was one happy customer!We don't have Roberto's in NorCal, which is a real shame.  I thought they were only in Southern California, and therefore was very happy to discover this one in Las Vegas, just a couple of blocks from our hotel.  When I was in college in San Diego, I used to hit up Robertos restaurants (and the other copycat taco shops, like Roybertos, Albertos, Alibertos, etc.) on a regular basis.  Cheap, greasy, delicious food was available at nearly all hours of the day.On this visit, we picked up a couple of orders of rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, a quesadilla, and a couple of carne asada tacos.  The restaurant was incredibly clean, and the staffers were friendly, even at 10 pm on a Saturday night.The food was just as good as I'd remembered.  I hope I run into another Robertos on my travels again soon!
2	**Review only on the Horchatta***Came here drunk one night during our spring break vacation. It was kind of hard to find since our GPS lead us to an apartment complex. We finally managed to find it after we got out of the apartment complex...it's literally in front of that and next to a gas station. We went to the Drive-Tru and I ordered the small Horchatta and my girlfriend got the 2 enchiladas. She did say they were good but they FORGOT to put forks and spoons into her bag so she had to eat it with her hands and use the sauce container cover to scoop up the sauce.My horchata was cheap and delicious...very refreshing and cinnamony. It was a little to sweet for my liking so I couldn't finish it all but it was still pretty good.
3	love the food,service kinda rude
5	hey this place is pretty good my friend told me there is some in cali never seen or been there before i was surprise how good it is had there tacos they are great one of the best i ever had.
2	The only reason that I gave this place 2 stars was because of the carne asada burrito. My breakfast burrito with carne asada was so dry and I could make one way better at home myself. My chicken taco was so bland I think the meat was prepped for the nursing home with no seasoning or a pinch of salt. Heck my horchata was even mediocre. I saw reviews saying the burritos were huge and could full you up, not true. My husband and I ate a burrito and taco, and he still went to the fridge and made himself a sandwich afterwards. We will not be going back!
5	This is the best Mexican place that I've found in Vegas. I went there last week at 11pm and still got great service. I had the steak burrito with guacamole and pico de gallo and it was stellar! Definitely worth trying once and I'll tell you right now, I'm going back sometime soon.
5	Hands down my favorite Mexican joint in Vegas. Being from California I'm used to the real authentic flavors that places all over back home have & Roberto's provides that here. My favorite is the Asada Burrito, the meat is super flavorful & the burrito is the size of 2 at other joints. This is perfect for anytime of the day or night & with most open 24 hours Roberto's is always an option
5	I want to eat all of it. Constantly.
4	Carne asada fries and nachos from Roberto's are the best padding for drinks. Plus, they're delicious.Thanks to my local Vegas friend for the pickup and delivery service!
1	Poor customer service. Tried to charge me again for what I already paid for. Greeting in Spanish who does that at a restaurant???!!You fucken live in America should I remind you that the main language is ENGLISH!!!I've had better customer service at different Roberto's, these men employees swear at every other word they say, very uncomfortable. They are the typical 'macho' men from Mexico who just are stubborn and think every women is wrong and none of them have patience. DEFINITELY NOT COMING BACK TO THIS LOCATION. HIPE THEY CLOSE!!!
5	I live in Massachusetts, but come to Vegas almost yearly for a minimum of one week at a time.  I've eaten at many of the pricey restaurants both on and off of the strip throughout the city because I always get a rental car to make sure I can get around to where I want to go.  I was in the mood for some Mexican food so decided to yelp it to see what was around.   Roberto's had the best reviews and it's no wonder why.  This was the best meal I've ever eaten in Vegas and definitely the best Mexican food I have ever eaten anywhere, with decent sit down restaurants costing 3 times as much for the same items included!!  I got a carne asada burrito and my wife got a chicken quesadilla and both items were unbelievably tasty!!  My wife is not a huge fan of Mexican food and she also normally judges a place by the appearance.  If it weren't for the reviews she never would've agreed to get out of the car and eat here but she's glad she did.  She told me she would go back to Roberto's in a heart beat.  If you are visiting Vegas, or live here but have never been to Roberto's, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try!!!
2	Its good cheap mexican food, but it give you diarehha!
2	Menu looked good but the breakfast burritos were horrible.  Destroyed my day, should have went to Fausto's!  Never again and my boss agreed.
5	Their rolled tacos are bomb. We call them taquitos...the last few times I've eaten there I've gotten sick the runs in hour or less. The cashier and cook were rude and loud. I asked the cashier for my drink first, the cashier said sure then made me wait till my order was up?! I will not be coming here anymore.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I'm trying to make this a tradition to stop here.  Food is so good!  It's like a southern Cali Alberto's but 1000 times better.  It's just the same idea minus Alberto's taste.
3	One thing I always seek out the minute I leave Calgary, is Mexican food. Any of it. All of it. I step off the plane, hug my friends and mumble something about tortilla happiness and they know exactly what to do. Tacos from the trunk of a Cadillac? You say you made the tortillas yourself? I'll take three.Well, the tacos at Roberto's don't come out of the back end of an El Dorado (that's a tale for another time), but the soft tortillas are fresh, the salsa bar is complimentary and it wasn't difficult to veganize my order. It's not the greatest ever, but it's very delicious and a place I will probably ask to come back to whenever I'm in town.
5	I love this place, yes there are many "TACO SHOPS" (that's what we call the @ home) here in Vegas but this location here is the BEST.  What makes this location great? Fast service, nice people: the workers actual extend the conversation past taking your order. Clean at all hours of the day, condiments are always fresh i.e. fresh salsa, crisp-crunchy carrots, peppers, cucumbers, raddishes. Food always comes out piping hot, they did reinvent the wheel here they just keep it SIMPLE. I will pass up 10 different taco shops and drive clear across town to get to this SPECIFIC location to order something as simple as 3-Rolled Tacos w/ guac, cheese and hot carrots. It reminds me of Rolberto's off of El Cajon Blvd/28th in San Diego...oh goodtimes, goodtimes I'm over here cracking up reminiscing. Try it out if you happen to be on THAT side of town.
5	thank you roberto's thank you for everything the fish burrito was sweet but it was also very authentic, i missed it very much after i finished murdering it. the beans were very delicious my friend got a bean burrito she was very happy to be the one to stab it to death with her teeth i would like to come back sometime you are wonderful please have a great year 2014 feels like it'll be a very good year for all of us.
2	Everyone giving this place more than 2 stars, I pray you are either super drunk and you're going to vomit this once you get home or you're high out of your mind and you have the munchies. I ate here sober...  Wow. Ordered the carne asada burrito. The tastiest thing was the frigging flour tortilla. Carna asada literally means grilled steak but culturally, it implies to all Latinos that the meat is seasoned and grilled. This meat had to have been boiled in peppered water and over-boiled might I add.  Lol. My jaw hurts from trying to chew this poor cow. I gave them 2 stars because the staff is nice. I had to find something positive. Oh and the pickled carrots were good. Don't get the boiled meat! Adios and never again. Unless I'm drunk.
4	Omg! The California burrito is SSSOOO good!!! I hate my coworker for introducing me to it just because I don't want to gain 100 this week. How can French fries make a burrito taste so much better?! The only thing I thought was ridiculous was the price to add sour cream. It's $1.10 just for sour cream!! $1.10 is just a little excessive I think .30 would be more reasonable. Not going to lie tonight I am planning on going to get my burrito then putting sour cream on it when I get home. :) when I die I hope these California burritos are in heaven and that it doesn't cost to add sour cream :)
5	Oooooh Myyyy Gooooodnesssss! I've been searching for something similar to San Diego's taco shops since I moved away from San Diego back in 2011 and...THIS IS IT! As a matter of fact this chain of Roberto's started in San Ysidro (in south San Diego) according to their banner inside celebrating 50 years of service!WOW Am I impressed!!! They are a very clean establishment and have huge windows to view the back kitchen where you can see them actually preparing your order!...Goodbye hole in the wall mystery meat! The staff was super courteous...can't say much about the other customers that came in after us but I'm not reviewing them so who cares! Their salsa bar was clean, stocked to the brim and just excellently FRESH! I ordered a carne asada burrito and OMG that first bite!...AMAZING! You can taste the fresh off the grill carne asada and it was spiced just right...no extra saltiness like most of these Mexican restaurants out here in Las Vegas. I can't rave about this place enough! I told my hubs that he was going to love it at the first bite...totally did! Coming from San Diego my standards on Mexican food are pretty high. So...Right on Roberto's! You definitely delivered in taste quality and service! I commend you! (^_^)
5	Such taco.VERY delish.Much quick.So cheap.I am wow.The food was great tasting, and as a party of 5 we ordered and sampled everything from the chili relleno burrito to a 12 taquito and guac plate. The salsa is bar is clean and features excellent salsa and fresh cucumbers. This cheesey goodness cradled our hangovers perfectly and my only regret is not being there on sat/sun to try their menudo.
5	I live in Massachusetts, but come to Vegas almost yearly for a minimum of one week at a time.  I've eaten at many of the pricey restaurants both on and off of the strip throughout the city because I always get a rental car to make sure I can get around to where I want to go.  I was in the mood for some Mexican food so decided to yelp it to see what was around.   Roberto's had the best reviews and it's no wonder why.  This was the best meal I've ever eaten in Vegas and definitely the best Mexican food I have ever eaten anywhere, with decent sit down restaurants costing 3 times as much for the same items included!!  I got a carne asada burrito and my wife got a chicken quesadilla and both items were unbelievably tasty!!  My wife is not a huge fan of Mexican food and she also normally judges a place by the appearance.  If it weren't for the reviews she never would've agreed to get out of the car and eat here but she's glad she did.  She told me she would go back to Roberto's in a heart beat.  If you are visiting Vegas, or live here but have never been to Roberto's, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try!!!
4	Carne asada used to be soft but now a little tough. But still tasty in the taco. And at $4.75 for the plate w rice n beans n small fountain drink, it's still a bargain n good snack.
4	YUMMMM. i live in socal so i definitely know my way around a delicious, authentic mexican joint but i will tip my hat off to Roberto's. after a drunken night, i ordered 4 carnitas tacos and was shocked when i looked at my meal. HOLY SHIT. these tacos are HUGE ! and STACKED with meat ! with guacamole! i barely finished 2. the only reason i knock off a star is that i think they're meat can be a littleee bit more salty. oh, and their hot sauce kind of sucks. i'm obsessed with king taco style hot sauce and theirs is probably the exact opposite of that. still looking forward to eating here on my next vegas trip
3	They taste sooooo good. The aside burrito was packed full and the salsa was amazing. Nice and spicy. The cucumbers were crisp and the carrots were crunchy. The horchata was old
2	Just because you might not speak English they talk crap about you behind your back. ..nada Buenos!
2	I get the Roberto's craving from time to time and my weakness is their breakfast  burrito with bacon, extra bacon. I always get it with no potato or pico and little cheese and add guacamole. Though this is not my local store it is closest to work. On a two occasions they messed up my order. The line at the drive through is always slow. I have given up on this store and need to find a new morning fix.
4	Carne Asada Fries!!!!That's all you need to order lol This seriously is the best dish aside from the carne asada burrito! I moved from Las Vegas to the South and I'll tell you what i miss this place!!
5	Wow!!! The food is fresh with every bite! You will get drunk of this food! First time coming in and the only taco stand close to us and they didn't disappoint us. The enchilada/ taco combo has a fresh taste with a little kick of the red salsa. I was amazed at how tasty it was! Definitely will be back.
1	The food here is terrible! I should have known that this place wasn't authentic right at the moment when I had to ASK if they sell soft tacos. We tried alot: the tacos, burrito, the taco salad. They all taste like they were made with a sprinkle of depression on top. I should have followed my gut feeling. Btw, the refried beans here are straight sad and the tacos at Jack in the Box taste better!
4	We stopped at this location after seeing a commercial & figured, "Why not?" When has t.v ever lied to us before? ;)This location is straight up a taco stop. Open 24/7 I ordered chorizo (pork sausage) with egg, rice, beans, & tortillas with a delish orange fanta (soda). My people ordered the asada tacos and asada burrito. Four people ate for $20! That's what I'm saying. The portions were good and we didn't feel like we got jipt. The salsa bar offers cebollitas, cucumbers,  jalapenos,  limes, and salsa of course. The location was clean, the food was all good. Seasoned just right and flavorful. This little spot had a steady stream of customers walking up and drive through. Will come back when we are back in town. The food plus price was perfect. PLUS THE BATHROOM WAS CLEAN.
4	Every time I come home to visit, this is where I HAVE to come to eat! This place is incredible, burritos are simply the best! Mocha Nachos are by far the best I have ever had and the three roll tacos are mouth watering. Highly recommend any Roberto in the Las Vegas valley
3	I don't see how anyone could rate this place above a 3. Carne asada was flavorless, and really killed any desire to return.
1	One of the worse carne asada burritos I ever had.    I will never go back.   And the salsa?   You've got to be kidding me.    Did you get it from a can?
1	My typical rule of thumb is that I need to have 3 negative experiences at a place I typically go to before I stop going there and think about writing a negative review. I gave this place until the 5th negative experience because I work the graveyard shift and it is one of the few nearby options I rely on on a consistent basis for my lunch-break meal in the middle of the night. What pushed it over the edge this time? A simple order, two chicken enchiladas. What was inside could be best described as cold and uncooked. My vegetables were barely cut up (green pepper chunks bigger than the size of your thumb and what looked to be a quartered tomatos) and were still fresh and crisp, as if they never even entered a warm pot at all. The entire dish was slightly above room temperature. I will still go to other Roberto's locations (and switch to the Don Tortaco that's an additional 3 miles away if I'm really craving it), but I will avoid this one at all costs.
4	Ok you're drunk out of your mind and have the munchies. You don't really care about eating healthy considering the amount of carbs and calories you just consumed with that last shot of Jameson's or that 24 pack of pabst blue. Where should you go? Well considering that there is one designated driver in your group or at least still have the ability to stand and walk, you should definitely give this place a try. Roberto's Taco Shop is essentially what it is. A hole in the wall Taco shop with chains of stores spread across the valley to help hungry people get their Mexican fix. With its staff of Spanish speaking staff also fluent in understanding the ramblings and slurred speech of people who have had way to much to drink. They'll work to the best of their abilities to serve you good Mexican food. You want chorizo, they got chorizo? You want carne asada? They have carne asada? Whatever Mexican cuisine you want they mostly likely have. However I do recommend that you order the carne asada nachos or fries. Super delicious and will definitely make the perfect last meal since its fatty content has to almost guarantee you a heart attack. It's cheap and it'll get you full.
1	This place really don't deserve 1 star, 4 the simple reason I ordered a chicken burrito with rice & beans. & I pacifically asked 4 no peppers & onions. I explained when ordering ice been 2 your other locations & had it without. Let alone it seamed that the chicken was missing. So if u happen 2 order from their other locations take key & notice the difference on your item compared 2 their.  I took 3 bites & gave it 2 my dogs........
3	Best Roberto's in town.We have used this location many times after my daughters gymnastic classes we have just across the street from them.Don't get me wrong .its still a Taco Shop but they are very consistent and atleast you know what you will get for your money.
5	Delicioso!! Our first time trying this place! The lady that took our order was nice. Food was prepared fresh & fast! Rolled tacos were awesome & so was the chili relleno. They've got a station to add condiments too. Open 24hrs... It's the perfect 4th meal! ((All they are missing are margaritas))
5	Mmmmmm finally got to try  Robert O's and it was delicious! Couldn't  decide what to order off the menu because everything looked amazing     . Excellent guacamole!  Service was quick and food was delicious .   I like that you can grab limes and other toppings to place on your food . Sounds weird but the mtn dew was excellent lol. Server was nice. We  will definitely   return to try many other things .   We got the chili rellenos and rolled chicken tacos and a massive cheese quesadilla. Refried beans were very tasty. Tons of cheese atop the rolled tacos   .  No complaints!
5	Everyone knows this is the Best place for something cheap and Amazing! If its just for a nice Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, or Hangover Meal its perfect! I love this place not only there food, but easy service, and quick serving!! My suggestion is to go inside rather the drive thru it will be quicker trust me!
3	Late Night , semi drunkin' food spot - HELL YES!For that - Perfect.Amazing mexican food for you should travel for? Ya, not so much.Although I have heard the burritos are AMAZING, have not had one. Eating a burrito at 2:30AM terrifies me! That is the only time I am here, so far.Would I go back- ABSOLUTELYWould I make a special trip across the city. Nope.But would I drive all the way over to "Tacos El Gordo" for ANY REASON?HELL YES I WOULD!!!
4	Really good carne asada fries and less than five minutes from the strip Their green sauce is good too. Definitely a hit and I wouldn't mind eating here again
5	My coworkers and I go here so often we should own stock. They are always pretty fast even when busy and have no problem taking four or five orders at a time from someone. They don't like doing substitutions much but I can live with that. Food is always fresh and good plus you can watch them make it.
4	What is there really to say about Roberto's that's new? Most people know about the chain by now. But I will note two things:1) Many of the stores have slight variations on their specials menu so it's always worth checking out.2) Just from personal experience, while their menu is standardized, I tend to stick to older locations. Maybe it's all in my head, but the food just seems cheesier and more delicious at the older locations in town versus the super-sleep looking newer ones. Then again, maybe I am a sucker for spots that let their food do the talking versus using decor to convince you that things are better than they are in reality.
4	The In-N-Out of mexican food..They wear gloves when handling your food you paid for, that is stellar service. The Robertos i went to on South Eastern is awesome as well, I think better but I live on the west side of Vegas so this gets my review. The Robertos on Owens is terrible and ghetto.Great place, freshness everywhere! Fresh Pepsi products! From the jalapenos/carrots/onions bathing in the vinegar spiced juices to the tortilla and the innards of any burrito you want, everything is immaculate, polite staff, everything is clean minus the graffiti. I've had all burritos from Bean and Cheese to Carne Asada(I'll go further down the menu later down the road), AWESOME. They're the most expensive I have ever paid for a great place (big tacos $2.75 with meat, pico, guac) but "F" it, it's quality. Pure quality, love it. I dig this place over Del taco and Taco Bell for mexican food. I've been to a few other places but Robertos always hits the spot. Quality. That is what spells Robertos.P.S. They have$1 chicken tacos every wednesday which are awesome as hell. Add sour cream, cold pepsi, jalapenos and carrot slices in the vinegar juices and OMFG...I always come here, the only time I don't is when they don't wear gloves. If anybody doesn't wear gloves touching my food or I can't see the cooks wearing gloves handling my money in the kitchen, that restuarant doesn't get my business, i shouldn't have to lick cooks hands. So what if people don't like rules, don't make a career out of a fast food job you don't like. You don't like working there, piss off!
