5	Cafe Bink, the younger sister of Binkleys, is one little gem of a French/Italian inspired bistro.   Expect European sized portions of beautifully crafted dishes such as braised rabbit, crispy duck breast and the unbelivably delicious bolognese.  The staff are always warm and friendly.    We are committed to making weekly visits to Cafe Bink to show our support.
5	I dropped into Bink's late one morning in between business meetings in Carefree.  Having no idea what to expect but recognizing it as a fairly new restaurant I was more than willing to give them a try.The greeting was friendly and the service was great the entire time.  I opted to sit outside on the patio, which is beautifully designed for Arizona with multiple large shade sails.  I looked over the menu and was instantly impressed with the options.  This is high cuisine in a comfortable setting.For lunch I decided to try the Salmon BLT sandwich with a spring greens salad.  I would never have expected Salmon and Bacon to work so beautifully together.  It's obvious to me why the owner  is an award winning chef.  On the servers recommendation I tried their flavored tea.  I don't remember exactly what was in it but it was unique and refreshing.Bink's is a little on the spendy side for a quick lunch but it's not too expensive to keep me away.  I was very pleased with the food and service here and look forward to returning.
5	Cafe Bink is a tiny gem. The outside patio offers a wonderful view of Black Mountain in Carefree, Az.  The menu offers unique and elegant dishes that excite the palate.  There are a few main staples however, the menu and entrees change with the seasons. The staff are very friendly and enjoy serving people. While eating at Cafe Bink you truly comprehend the fact that the Chef/kitchen is cooking just for you.  Portions are elegantly presented and leave you satisfied - yet allow room for dessert. YUM!
5	I have to say, this place is quite a gem.  It is good enough for me to make the haul from Phoenix to the northland for lunch on the weekends.  I had the "sloppy joes" but it was not like anything my mom ever made (in a good way).  The fries are outstanding.  I had lunch with 8 other people, and they were all equally as pleased.  Service was great. Wine was excellent.  The setting was laid-back and comfortable.  I am really looking forward to going back.
5	An amazing surprise in what seemed like the middle of nowhere.My husband and I were visiting my parents who live in Surprise, AZ and were having to put up with my Mom and her attempt at "showing us around". She wanted us to see Cave Creek not realizing it was really Carefree. By the time we got there we were starving and just wanted her to shut up. With what looked like 3 restaurant choices, Cafe Bink was the winner.We had no idea what to expect and still had our doubts even as we sat down. It's a very small restaurant with a bar on one side and tables on the other. If it weren't for the large patio area I would have considered it miniscule.The service and food were amazing. We had the caesar salad, which had a very light dressing and lemon rind which really enhanced the flavor, and the hanger steak with quiche. The quiche was almost like a pudding, it just melted in your mouth with a bit of a crunch form the pastry crust. Yummy. For dessert we shared the Eggnog Creme Brule. It was not as firm as what I'm used to, but it was delicious. While I don't anticipating visiting again anytime soon, I will remember this as an oasis in my little vacation hell.
5	Really cool restaurant in Carefree just up the road from Cave Creek. Wife and I were rolling through on a trip and stopped in for dinner. Seems odd to say this, but the french fries as an appetizer, with the special dips, are really really good. The truffle ketchup is the best.We split a french onion soup and the staff was kind enough to split the order in two, including a piece of bread and melted cheese for each crock. The only downside of this is that it increased the concentration of gruyere in the soup, which is an extremely salty cheese, making the soup a bit too salty. Ordered the Polenta and Bolognese, which was excellent, if you're not in to veal you might want to order something else. We saved room for dessert and got the apple fritters, also great. The cider they served with it should be a standard beverage offering it was so good.
5	LOL @ 1-star review. That's hilarious, really.Cafe Bink seems to be the much more approachable little sister of Binkley's. It's situated right along Tom Darlington (Scottsdale Rd) just before you hit Cave Creek. Simple little strip mall location, with an interesting shade-sailed patio. A little close to the road noise, but great views to the West. This is a real new bistro menu, and from I've had so far, it's wonderfully executed.SETTINGScenic, if you ignore the stripmall to the East. Carefree/Cave Creek is a different beast than it was 10 years ago, for better and for worse.SERVICEOur amiable but ditsy server managed to get everything out in order, and with a smile.FOODJust look for the pictures from Ron B above. That's my review. Plus the 5 stars. Only thing I will say is: best frites in town. Wish they had a straight up Aioli. And the green dipping sauce was just "off" somehow for my taste. Otherwise... well I gave it 5 stars.BOTTOM LINEIf you get near it for some reason, check it out for lunch or dinner.
5	Before Cafe Bink the only reason I went to Carefree was to visit the Boulders Resort.    My only complaint about the resort was that there were a limited amount of great dining experiences within a stones throw, until Cafe Bink. This is a must try if you are in the area.  Cafe Bink is a small restaurant and bar in the middle of strip mall.  The food that comes out of the kitchen is first class french bistro food taken up a notch.  The braised pork appetizer was to die for.  Juicy but not overly fatty with a maple glaze.  I had the crispy game hen which was their take on chicken and dumplings.  Perfectly done with a crisp exterior with a tender juicy interior.  My wife had their bolognese which was a kicked up bolognese sauce served with creamy polenta.  Also they we had a side of fries (their speciality) which came with all things truffled ketchup.  OVerall this is a great little oasis in the middle of the high dessert north of Scottsdale.  The portions are generous and the wait staff is knowledga\ible, attentive and friendly.  The wine list is diverse with a lot of selections by the class.  Not just your chardonnay and cabernet line up!  I enjoyed an Argentine Pinot Noir from a vineyard that I never heard up.  It was marvelous. Enjoy.
2	the ugly stepchild of Binkleys.  I'm a huge fan of Binkleys, but they should have just stopped at that.  The fries are amazing, but I don't spend that kind of money to go eat french fries.  The sole barely had enough meat to justify serving anything on the plate.  Moreover, that minimalist portion of sole was overcooked.  Our waiter was irritating and trying way too hard but still didn't quite get his role.  I'd go back, but certainly not anytime soon.  I'd rather save my money and go to Binkleys.
3	Binkley's is my all time favorite restaurant so I had to try their new cafe in Carefree.   When we went on a Thursday lunchtime they had only one other table occupied, joined later by several tables of older Scottsdale ladies who lunch. My husband had the Cuban pork sandwich which was good but not as tasty as the Havana Cafe version.I had the country pate with pistachios and toast, which was also very good, however, it felt lacking in something. Perhaps a marmalade of some type would have worked better for me than the curried mustard.We shared a large portion of fries.  These fries have won awards but to be honest they didn't do anything for me.  They are fried, chilled and refried to give them fluffy insides and crispy outsides, served with truffle ketchup, garlic aioli and dill dip.  Ours were limp, over salted and tasted of olive oil.  The wine list is good and reasonably priced.   We also had steam beer which was excellentDessert was a delicious peach cobbler.  A long plate with honey ice-cream resting on a bed of chopped toasted hazelnuts, hot fresh peach slices topped with light crumbly topping and on the side caramelized peach slices and a wafer thin ginger snap.  Note to self: order your own portion next time, don't agree to share.   Service was a tad slow but pleasant enough.  There seemed to be only 1 server for the whole restaurant. The location was easy to find with good views of the mountains but located right next to a busy road. If you sit outside under the sail it can be noisy.   If you go expecting Binkley's you will be disappointed.  The food is good but not in the same class and neither is the price.  For a cafe it is good food and good value. If it was closer to my house I would go  again but I wouldn't make a special pilgrimage as I would for Binkley's.
1	I don't get it... how do so many people actually like this place? Is everyone that goes there "artsy". Sure food can be pretty but jeez when I spend over a hundred dollars for dinner I want to leave feeling full. BTW, I'm 115 lbs... It's not that hard to fill my belly!
3	A Sunday afternoon gave us a chaotic Cafe Bink, but excellent food.  They were almost empty inside and still had a couple of tables open outside, but were very vocal about the sudden unexpected rush(?).  All three staff seemed be in crisis mode, simultaneously helping all tables but not coordinating with each other so things got missed.  Thank goodness the chef wasn't pulled into waiting tables too, because the food was excellent, excellent, excellent.  Very good.  We were looking for a place to linger on a Sunday afternoon, so we saw the two hours our meal took as a good thing.  I think, if the kitchen staff could arrange for some anti-anxiety meds for the rest of the staff, Cafe Bink could be something really special.
4	Cafe Bink was a pleasant surprise for lunch on a Saturday out on the patio with a view of the boulders across the road. I love Binkleys and hesitated to go to the Cafe, thinking I might be disappointed. It's a bit small and boxy on the inside, but warm feeling and the patio is comfortable.  The squash soup was brilliant, also served at Binkleys. The frisee salad-soup combo was pretty perfect . Sandwiches are good, especially the salmon and applewood smoked bacon.  I liked the frites but the trio of accompanying sauces is..well.. a bit weird. Sauces need more punch. Skip the limpid green iced tea and go for the black iced tea or a nice glass of wine. Nice presentations all around. Great spot when you're up in this area.
5	Binkley's is wonderful. Cafe Bink is a similar joy, just more casual, and it's easier to get a table. The Duck Confit is to die for - - - and my favorite meal in 2008. The mussels are consistently excellent, and the fries - oh my - excellent, with 3 complementary dip sauces. Amy's bolognese is magnificently memorable - and a special, secret recipe. Best I've ever had. Finish it all off with a rotating choice of tasty desserts while relaxing under the shadow of Black Mountain. In the north Valley, what would we do without Cafe Bink and Binkley's? Highly recommended.
5	Went to Cafe Bink for lunch on Saturday, and it was one of the best lunches I have had in a long time!  We had a bottle of chanpagne and a sandwich each.  My friend had the White cheddar grilled cheese and I had the Corned Beef sandwich.  His grilled cheese was full of flavor and I cannot tell you how great my corned beef was....We also had the french fries which have to be the best french fries I have ever had!  They are cooked 3 times before arriving at your table and served with three dipping sauces.  With our lunch we split a bottle of Baumard which was perfect with both sandwiches.  Also, the service was great.  Highly recommend Cafe Bink!
4	Great little restaurant up north in Carefree. Not a ton of inside seating, but they have a pretty good sized patio to make up for it. We were greeting by one of the servers at the door and were told we'd have about a 15 to 20 minute wait. She brought us a bottle of wine, and made sure to clear some room for us at the bar the instant it became available while we were waiting.The menu wasn't large but all the entrees looked amazing. There weren't really many light, healthy options to choose from though. (other than salads) We started off with the Gnocchi appetizer while waiting at the bar, it was good but I'd probably go with something else next time.For dinner we had: the scallops, which were amazing; the fig and goat cheese salad, which was very good; and the salmon, which was also very good.The downside of Bink is that it's pretty expensive. Most of the entrees are $20+. I definitely think the food is worth it, but the atmosphere of the place doesn't seem to really fit with the prices. It's a casual cafe type of place, but the food/prices are what you'd find at a fine dining restaurant.I loved it, the service was excellent, food was great, etc. But I'm not sure if I'd go back. If I wanted a more scaled down cafe, I'd probably stick with Herb Box at DC Ranch or something similar, and if I wanted the fine dining experience I'd prefer to go to a more upscale restaurant (like it's namesake Binkleys for instance) instead of eating at Cafe Bink.Also, they only take reservations for parties of 5 or more.
2	Steak Frites: $ 26 Come On - Just a piece of meat thrown on a  plate...Where's the love, where's the notion of care ? No garnish and presentation whatsoever and bland as can be. I've never felt so insulted in my entire life. French fries are okay, but are they really worth raving about.I don't even understand why they serve foccacia! Whatever happened or what is wrong with a crusty baguette.I'm so disappointed. Honestly I'd rather go to Old Town to Petite Maison or Metro Brasserie in Old TownI do expect a little more from Binkley's younger sibling, especially at these prices.Sorry you really failed to wow the foodie in me!
5	Wow.Wow.Wow.Cavecreek isn't exactly a culinary destination but Cafe Bink is a step above the rest.  Set into "downtown" Cavecreek (really just a quaint strip mall...but don't let that dissuade you), Cafe Binks has a premier setting in front of Black mountain and sunsets are just unreal while sitting on the patio.  The food is fantastic and the beer list is suprisingly delicious as well with breweries such as Dogfish Head.  The food is very much like homecooked, only if mom switched up the bacon for pork belly and manwiches for the best damn meat loaf EVER!  Coupled with the views and the comfortable desert evening temps, this place is phenomenal.  Sure you can go to the original Binkley's down the street if you want a little more well to do atmosphere, but for a casual meal and drink Cafe Bink is it.  Tell all your friends that the best meal you've had in a while was at a strip mall.
4	great outdoor seating and views of black mountain. The food is top notch.
5	LOVED it. The menu is a little small, but everyone I went with RAVED about their selection. The service was great, and the food was excellent. The portions weren't huge, but I actually prefer it that way. I had the chicken sandwich off the lunch menu an it was AWESOME. One of the guys I went with wanted the same sandwich, but asked about alternative bread options, and the waiter was more than happy to oblige. The vegetarian options were pretty limited, but the waiter offered to have some veggies added to the grilled cheese, and our resident veggie left with a smile on his face. Now, the fries. The fries are somewhat of a religious experience. On their own, they are stellar. Then there are the sauces. They're all incredible, but the white truffle ketchup will blow your mind. Our table fell to silence when our order of fries arrived - no one spoke because we were too busy stuffing our faces. The ice cream sandwiches (3 different mini sandwiches - made with cookies) were really tasty. We split an order which was just perfect. We each had a sandwhich which was enough to satiate a sweet tooth without leaving us feeling uncomfortably full.
4	Tried Cafe Bink last night after an afternoon vino stop at Brix! Having been to Binkley's, I was really curious what the difference was, but this is a little gem too!! My sis and I weren't starving starving so we decided to share a bunch of small plates. We started with the fries...my oh my that truffle ketchup!! Sinful and ahhhmmaazziinnggg!!! The frites were also cooked to crispy perfection with a superb, moist (hate that word) inside! Mmmmm....We also shared a salad that was good, but nothing to yelp about! Round 2- At the waiters suggestion, we ordered the pork belly on spaghetti squash with brussel sprouts, house made gnocchi and a pulled to order mozzarella! All 3 of these were out of this world, especially the mozzarella and the pork belly! Sinfully delish!!!! All in all, the patio is a great spot and they have an interesting wine list. I also asked about gluten free accommodations and they said they will certainly do what they can to accommodate food allergies! The GF BF will be quite pleased to go back there with me!! Can't wait!
4	I headed up north for a relaxing lunch at Cafe Bink.  Kevin Binkley is definitely one of the top chefs in the Valley and I wanted to try this casual sibling of Binkley's restaurant.They have a nice large front patio that is shaded but I decided to sit inside at the bar.  The menu had plenty of great choices and I opted for the chicken sandwich and a side of fries.The chicken sandwich was very good.  It came with pancetta, caramelized onions and fontina cheese.  On the side was a nice green salad.The "baby" order of fries were actually quite large.  They were fried perfectly and nice and crisp.  The cool part of the order were the three dipping sauces.  A truffle ketchup, roasted garlic mayo, and my favorite, the green sauce verte.The service was friendly and efficient.  This is a good place for a well-prepared casual meal.
4	Ate here last night on recommendation from AZ Wine Co.  Our waiter was fun, informative and attentive.Appetizer: We almost ordered the gnocci but upon recommendation from our waiter, and seeing an order come to a neighboring table we ordered the baby fries with three dipping sauces.  These are extraordinary fries!!  And the dipping sauces (truffle ketchup, garlic aoli, and some herb mayo sauce) were equally delicious.Dinner: Husband ordered the Bolognese with Polenta.  This dish is heavy, salty and orgasmic.  The salt comes from all of the cheese in the creamy polenta.  This is not overly salty but it does come through strong.  The sauce is made with veal and it is heaven on earth.  We ate the sauce and polenta separately and together and decided there was no bad way to eat this dish.  I ordered the Scallops because, I love scallops and the dish came with two of my favorite vegetables; cauliflower and brussel sprouts, in a bacon vinagrette.  In my opinion, you can't go wrong with this combo.  And they didn't, the scallops in that bacon vinagrette were amazing.  Some of the sprouts were caramalized which made them even better.  The dish also has slices of chorizo on it which I did not care for.  The overly chewy texture of the sausage did not go well with this dish but they were easily put aside.  Dessert: Profriteroles with caramalized banana ice cream and chocolate sauce.  All made on premises, including the ice cream.  This was a perfect end.  Presentation and flavor were over the top good.  We are planning our next visit to this restaurant.  It is a gem!
4	Cozy, quaint place with a nice pattio.  Good food, but a bit expensive.  Fries are great!!!  Good service too.
5	I have been to this restaurant exactly twice and both times I have had some of the most memorable dining (and wining) that I've ever had in the 30 years I've lived in Phoenix.  It started off with me asking the bartender to surprise me with a Campari drink in a martini glass and he made me this incredible "Negroni" which is now my new favorite drink.My friend and I tried and shared a variety of dishes from the foie to a delicious simple salad to this incredible asian fish dish all the way to the most gorgeous chocolate souffle.Service is stellar, I'm telling you this food is INSPIRED..truly the best.  I love saving it for a special occasion.Thank you Cafe Bink!  :D
4	I went out with my family to celebrate my birthday. I picked Cafe Bink because we think we're kind of "foodies" and I'd heard Binkley's was amazing but a little too expensive. So, I thought we'd try Cafe Bink instead.... We went on a Sunday night at 7:30 and there wasn't a wait. We picked our table on the patio and the weather and music outside was perfect. Although it is a little close to the street it was still really nice. I didn't catch our server's name but he was FANTASTIC. You can tell he truly enjoys what he does. Very friendly and fun! There were four of us. For appetizers we ordered the baby order of fries (of course, based on everyone's reviews), the mozzarella, and the country pate.  My dad really wanted the pate.  The three of us tried it - not bad.  Wouldn't order it again but my dad really liked it.  Was expecting the mozzarella to be great but it was just okay.  Maybe we're too used to the standard flavor/texture of the typical mozzarella served in most caprese salads.  This was pretty flavorless and kind of a chewy texture.  I prefer the stuff I'm used to, I guess.  But, the french fries were amazing.  My dad wouldn't stop talking about them.  And the truffle ketchup was good too.  But, I might have preferred regular ketchup, too.  The other sauces were just okay.  We (me, my brother and his wife) were already getting full so skipped the salads but my dad wanted one.  So, we sat and enjoyed being on the patio while he enjoyed his caesar salad.  He said it was great (not to heavy on the anchovy) and ate every last bite.On to the entrees - my brother got the bolognese/polenta and said it was really good (but heavy).  He didn't finish it all but took it home.  My sister-in-law and I split the chicken picatta.  It was WONDERFUL.  The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the pasta (homemade) was great.  I could have eaten a huge bowl of just the pasta.  Plus, the perfect size - we each got a big piece of chicken.  Then, my dad got the ribs.  He said they were great, too and ate every last bite.For dessert my brother wanted the donuts (AMAZING - especially with the cream dipping sauce), I ordered the chocolate souffle (AMAZING) and the three little ice cream sandwiches (one vanilla/chocolate chip cookie, one mint/chocolate cookie and one honey/gingersnap cookie).  They were good too but definitely the donuts and the souffle are the way to go.  My next time there I'm definitely getting a glass of wine, the chicken picatta for myself and the chocolate souffle and I'd be a very happy girl!  Would highly recommend it......
5	Cafe Bink is one of those specal places that offers unique preparations using only the freshest organic and locally grown ingredients. I know I'm paying a little more because I expect a little more, and At Binks I always get more. I am never disappointed.   Inside the seating is very european, so it seems natural to have friendly conversation with your neighbor, if you choose.  Outdoors, there is a nice patio wtih up-close views of Black Mountain...a lovely place to have a quaint romantic meal.  At the bar you can expect great Martini, and a great selection of wine.
4	Roast beef sandwich at lunch is literally the best I've had. Cooked to order. Had mine rare.
4	a funny thing happened to me on the way home from a David Allan coe concert i was going to go to at Harold's cave creek it was such a cluster F i sold my VIP tickets to a nice couple for 120 $ and ended up at cafe bink I just happened to catch this restaurant out of the corner of my eye while driving back to civilization we had the foiga w/a pumpkin tart and a splash of Cinnamon cream should have been on there desert menu therepenn cove mussels in a wine butter garlic broth we split the bolenese w polenta and a fresee salad w/a poached egg few martinis andf a carafe of decent wine the service was good and the food was very good as usuall the drinks were 1/3 of our bill but all and all if you live out there or in the  area this is a good spot
4	After driving by Cafe Bink on numerous occasions and noticing the lovely outdoor patio was packed, we decided to give it a try for dinner with some friends and family.  It was a beautiful day in North Scottsdale so we made reservations for a group of five (they don't take reservations for parties of 4 or less), and thought patio seating would be awesome. When we arrived that evening, the weather was cold, but we were assured that we would be cozy on the patio with the propane heaters, and they provided blankets to boot!  Our server was extremely knowledgeable and friendly, and helped steer us to the special of the day, a veal tortellini, and numerous other dishes.  We ordered a large order of fries for the table, which came with three sauces.  The fries were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  While I munched on a few with no sauce (they didn't need any), the consensus at the table was that the truffle ketchup was extraordinary.  I was excited to try the French Onion soup, one of my faves when done properly . . . and it was a good night for soup on the patio!  It was delicious . . . the onions sweet and the broth smooth.  The crouton was just enough to hold up the cheese.  I loved it so much, I could have ordered another for my entree!  Because we couldn't make up our minds, my step-daughter and I shared two different entrees - Bolognese with Creamy Polenta, and the Catfish. The Bolognese was hearty and complemented the smooth texture of the polenta.  The Catfish was perfectly cooked and accompanied by crunchy hush puppies.  Unfortunately, when food gets cold, it's not pleasant for anyone, and that evening was not the night to be dining al fresco on their patio.  Shortly into the meal, the propane tanks by our table were empty, and there was no replacement. In Cafe Bink's defense, I will say they were gracious and moved us inside when a table freed up, and comped us dessert for our trouble.  Also, we brought home doggie bags of my entrees and heated them up the next night, and even my husband agreed that having it hot made a huge difference!  We will certainly give Cafe Bink another try, but we will sit inside on the chilly evenings.
2	I was very excited to finally try Kevin Binkley's other restaurant. I've been to Binkley's a few times over the past few years and was a big fan of his eclectic and modern contemporary french cuisine.  I wanted very badly to LOVE this place, but was very underwhelmed with the choices we made for dinner.  I will try and be positive and not too mean....so....I will start on a positive note.Worth trying because:The truffled french fries...Crispy, 'meaty' thick cut potatoes that are full of flavor. YUM.  Doesn't even need the sauces that accompany it.The roasted banana ice cream with profiteroles and chocolate sauce.  The ice cream alone is delicious....and I am not really a sweets person.  Profiterole...I've had better.  Chocolate sauce was creamy and not overly sweet.  Next time I will request ice cream only with chocolate sauce!The foie gras dish was interesting and I have to give points for being different. Seared foie on top of a pumpkin pie tart with crispy pumpkin seeds. It was a touch on the sweeter side, but I enjoyed it , even though I have had more favorable foie dishes. The french onion soup....it was okay...I've again...had better.  The service.  Everyone is super nice. It was cold outside, and I was offered a nice fluffy blanket. Also moved us inside when our heaters ran out of fuel, with no extra fuel on hand either.Our company...If it wasn't for them, we would not have had a good experience.The Bad:The patio needs more heaters! It would be nice if they checked to make sure they were full so they don't run out during dinner. The SALTY:Don't get me wrong, I love salty, savory, delicious goodness.  But seriously, a couple of the dishes we shared were made so salty only a goat could love it? #1 The highly-recommended-by-our-server pork tortellini.  It looked like a good dish, but the butter sauce that covers it was so over salted we could barely taste the pork inside.  Not to mention the 'handmade' pasta was a bit tough and had a bit too much bite. Not delicate at all.  Another dish that came highly recommended was the bacon wrapped meatloaf. NOT GOOD. The bacon wasn't crisp, the meatloaf was a red color throughout (ketchup?) with a mashed potato which were both...you guessed it....full of an overwhelming amount of SALT! I felt so bad for my fiance. He barley took two bites of it.  At least the server asked if there was something wrong with the dish, and we said everything was fine, because we didn't want to make a scene and be rude in front of our dinner guests, especially because they seemed to like what they ordered.  I guess maybe we ordered all the wrong things that came (in italics) highly recommended?Would I come back for fries and ice cream? Probably not.  Save your money (and then some) and go to Binkley's for dinner instead.
5	One word. Fabulous.Another word(s). Go there. Eat.That's all there is to it.  It's fabulous, and you should go there, and eat.We had the roasted parsnip soup.  I did not know that soup could be this good.  Then the mussels with butter and something else with a little more butter, I'm sure. Perfection.The house made mozzarella is an inspiration.Honestly...eat at Cafe Bink. Do it whenever you can.  Soooooooo super good. You will not regret it.
5	So glad to have found this little gem.  Best quiche I have ever had.  The texture and flavor were incredible.  They use only egg yolks and the eggs are fresh from local chickens, not the store bought variety.  The fries and all of the sauces are sinfully good (amazing really) and the service was friendly and efficient.  I am definitely going back and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys superior food and service in a casual atmosphere.
4	We had a great experience at Cafe Bink!  The service was excellent = very friendly and inviting.  The food was wonderful!  I HIGHLY recommend the French Fries.  I'm not usually a fries girl (nutrition, calories, blah blah), but these Bink fries may be the best I've ever had.  And the trio of sauces - phenomenal.  (I recommend the Baby portion - it was plenty big for all three of us to try.)  I also have to rave about the profiteroles.  Perfect texture of the puff and amazing banana ice cream along with slightly bruleed bananas.  Yum!  Oh, and the bread they serve right away is very good.  Minor gripes - the white bean soup was too salty for my taste.  I really liked but didn't love the quiche (too creamy, almost a butter consistency, not eggy enough) and the chicken pot pie (too bland).  My friend's french dip was very good though, and the texture of the grouper was just perfect.You must try this spot!  You will have a wonderful night.
3	The food was slightly above average, but the service was slow and below average, overall, a good choice if you are in the area, but not worth the drive.  It is a decent space at the end of a strip mall (how unusual) and on a warmer night, I can imagine sitting outside would be a nice.  We were seated relatively quickly on a busy night; fortunately we had a reservation because the place was packed.  As a result, I had the pleasure of hearing the manager complaining to one of the waiters that table ## and ## and ## were all behind!  Tacky, and given that they place a table by the serving station, something a good manager should realize.  Of course later, I would discover why the tables were behind.Apparently the fries are a big item, so we tried a small size, which is more than enough for 2 people, unless one of you is a linebacker.  The fries are good and come with 3 different sauces, one of which is a truffle ketchup.  A creative combination, but it just tastes like ketchup with some truffle oil.  For entrees, I had the Amy's Bolognese, which is massive.  It is half a plate of polenta, half a plate of Bolognese, which tasted and looked  like spiced ground beef in a dark red sauce (think higher quality manwich), and a large piece of French bread.  It was good, albeit rather simple.  The chicken pot pie, with a puffed-bread on top (as the bread element) used sage at the just-right level and apparently was very good.  Finally, the profiteroles with in-house ice cream were very good.The biggest problem, aside from the table next to us constantly commenting on our food - People, we didn't come with you, so leave us alone (I'm sorry your life is so boring, but really) - was the very slow service.  It took quite a long time for someone to come to the table and to check on us in between.  In addition, he was constantly encouraging us to eat more of whatever we had left.   Hey buddy...I need run 10 miles on Sunday and I am not planning on doing so with 5 extra pounds!  I even had to ask for the bill, which I don't mind in Europe, but is very unusual in AZ at this level.I would give it another shot, but it did not live up to my expectations.
5	We've eaten at Cafe Bink on three occasions over the past three months and have found consistently good food and service.  Friendly and attentive staff and well- presented and consistently good food.  Great patio with view of Black Mountain for warmer weather.Our favorite local lunch spot.
3	I was excited to try Cafe Bink after reading so many positive reviews on Yelp. I had my Husband make a reservation for Valentine's Day, as I figured it would be a nice place to have dinner that night. I can see why a lot of people like this place, but for me there was just too much mediocre things to make it a must go. First of all, the waitress was VERY nice, but the restaurant was very busy, given it was Valentine's Day, that the service was very slow. It took a long time to place our drink order and then longer to place our dinner order. I did like the atmosphere and enjoyed the fact we could sit outside in February. We sat near the fireplace, which was a nice treat. Now, back to the food... the wine was very good and bread before the meal was nice. We ordered the baby fries, which we hot and crispy (extra crispy). We liked the malt vinegar and aoli the best for dipping. I ordered the catfish, which I found to be bland. It came with sweet potato puree, which needed more flavor as well (maybe some spice on the pecans) as well as hush puppies, which were the BEST part... oh so good! My Husband had the corned beef, which was very tender and good, but he hardly ate the other things it came with, so not really worth the price. We had the donuts for dessert, which were good, but overwhelming with how many you got. It would have been better with only donut holes. For the price we paid (close to $100), I thought the food wasn't worth it. The service did get better as the night wore on, but it just really didn't meet my expectations.
4	As a man of few written words, I have to say I love this place and I would go back in a heartbeat.  Great food, nice wine list, small place with a cozy atmosphere.  A little too big of a push on the fries, but you'll love the mussels, the country pate and the trout was amazing.  Enjoy.
5	I live in the desert ridge area so this is a fast beautiful drive that takes about 15 minutes. We arrived on a Saturday and there was a little farmers marker in the parking lot. We arrived right when they opened and were excited for our boozy lunch! Right when we walked up the manager, he had the door opened and ready to great us. The tables are very close to each other so we opted for the empty bar counter. I liked this too because you can spy into the kitchen. We were instantly greeted by the bar tender and let the momos (mimosas) flow! They have a nice champagne and fresh squeeze the OJ right there! Talk about fresh! We got the menu and knew we had to order the fries. Get the small, its good for more than two. I love love love you french fries..absolutely the fing best! I liked the sauces. It took a few trys to like the truffle mayo. More momos! My buddy told me that I had to try the french onion when I got there. That happened and it was beautiful and full of beefy flavor with a nice strong cheese. My bf got a side Caesar that had pieces of anchovy in the dressing. It looked good but I was to focused trying to get the cheese off of my chin ;) I opted to get my third mimosa and the bf tried a nice gin that he has been clamoring for. The bar tender was really knowledgeable about all of the booze which made for good conversation as well. At this point you can see we like our cocktails! For lunch I ordered the grilled cheese. Very tasty but iI was so full at that point that I did not get down and dirty with it. Most of it went home. Bf ordered the trout and I have to say..how outstanding. It had a browned buttered taste with toasted almonds. My god! We spent 160 on lunch...just saying its not cheap but if you don't drink like a fish you will still pay 60 to 70 for lunch. I will be back for a nice evening on the patio soon! It looks beautiful out there, like a little french cafe.
5	It's a tough job, pairing a big life accomplishment with a meal. But Honey knocked it out of the park with Cafe Bink last night to celebrate his sweet new gig. I should preface this by saying my favorite meal of all time was at Binkley's two years ago. The meal was something I still find myself daydreaming about. It set the bar. So when he told me we were venturing back over to the land of Chef Binkley I was giddy like a school girl with a new lip gloss. We arrive and the place is packed. It was pretty small but they worked the space well and offered great outdoor seating.The menu was well done with cafe-inspired food with a twist. Honey was excited about the pulled-to-order mozzarella so we ordered that to start the night. A nice French bottle of vino was opened for our celebratory toast. Okay, the mozzarella immediately brought me back to the food we weeped over at Binkleys. It was OFF THE HOOK. Served with thin crostinis and three amazing sauces- I could have eaten dish after dish after dish of it for appetizer, entree and dessert.  Entrees were the steak frites, and bacon-wrapped meatloaf along with a side of brussels sprouts with more bacon. Toe-curling deeeelish. The steak frites were perfectly med-rare and the sauce was light and flavorful. The accompanying fries were exactly as you would expect. Piping hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside and deliciously seasoned. And what's not to love about truffle ketchup? The meatloaf was everything I wanted it to be. Complex yet comforting with buttermilk mashers and charred onions. YUMMMMMM. We also loved the brussels sprouts - we make a similar dish at home and think they would have been even better with a little Sriracha, but what do we know? We were full but in the company of such good food and amazing service, we opted for dessert for the first time in a long, long time. Donuts with three sauces? Um, no-brainer. Enter various sized fresh donuts with salted caramel, dark chocolate and yummy creme fraiche with vanilla bean. The night ended as perfect as it began. Cafe Bink is absolutely at the top of the more casual upscale restaurants in the area for me and there is no doubt I'll soon return and try their lunch menu as well. It's 10:35am...I have less than an hour to wait. :)
3	What I remember most about my lunch here was the truffle ketchup.  The truffle flavor was very strong and unmistakable.  I've bitten into an actual slice of truffle before by itself and not get as much truffle flavor.  The fries with the truffle ketchup was awesome.  We also had the country pate, french onion soup, and hanger steak.The pate was fine.  We enjoyed the toasted brioche more than the pate itself.  The french onion soup had what tasted like a tomato flavor in it.  Is that supposed to be?  I was expecting beef broth and sherry, no?  Not sure where tomato fits in with this.  Maybe I'm mistaken.  Without dwelling on the tomato issue, the broth was pretty good.  The cheese was fine.  The hanger steak was tender and moist, but quite small for the price.  The most impressive part of the meal was the fries and truffle ketchup.  I'd go back just for that and skip the rest.
2	Very stuffy.  We ordered the cream of mushroom soup, and for the cost, you would have thought it would have tasted better.  The soup was bland, and there was no salt and pepper to be found.  We did have the truffle fries which were delicious, especially the truffle ketchup and mayo sauce.  My husband and I both ordered the Caesar Salad with chicken.  This salad was also bland, and the dressing was more like paste than dressing.  The colors of the salad were dreadful and the chicken was boiled with no flavor.  I may give this place a second chance because the service was good and there are other good reviews, but if I had to make a judgement on just food...I'd never go back.
2	I had the roast beef sandwich. It wasn't worth $18. It came with the frys that everyone is raving about. There are better places to get a roast beef sandwich.
4	Pretty delicious menu, love their sloppy joes and curried chicken salad sandwich!  Nice inviting atmosphere and staff too!
3	Very mediocre. Best thing we ate were the french fries and truffle ketchup - the food wasn't very impressive.
4	Extremely GOOD well thought out sandwiches and the most tongue thrilling ice cream sandwiches ever !We've now been here three times for lunch and between us tried most of the sandwiches and every time each one is great .This time we had pulled pork with pickled red cabbage topped with a surprise of black radish on a fresh bun and the most delicious perfect curried chicken salad on a poppy seed bun . We both picked the salad as our side that is field greens with house vinaigrette and we got a different kind of house made pickle that really WAS a Five star pickle it was tiny almost white and was savory but maybe apple too . Most sandwiches are about $12 but are worth it .If you never tried the fries you might want too between the size and all the house made dips I don't think they make a penny on them, I think the malt vinegar is good but we are not a fan of the truffle  (got to be aroma but for only $4 you can't blame anyone) ketchup ,also they are seasoned correctly to use with dips but alone the fries are over salted .The only reason I didn't give five stars is the price of the salads when you add meat to them $18 I had one once and although IT WAS GREAT not worth $18 I don't know if the salad was smaller than it should have been or not I still remember the $7 extra to add the  salmon (maybe 2 oz)  also we've found service hit or miss when an unexpected rush of business happens  but had mostly good service .The sandwiches are so tasty I have to eat the whole sandwich and I have no room for dessert and MISS the (to die for over the top) ice cream sandwiches I had once before after the $18 salad I had once .
4	They probably have the best french fries in town!! They are crispy, but plump and juicy at the same time!  I like the presentation served in a cone, with malt vinegar and their homemade ketchup and mayonnaise. I really enjoyed the turkey pot pie and like sitting outside on their patio. They are also dog friendly:-)
3	We went to Bink's during the Christmas vacation as a family and found it to be OK.  When we arrived (a party of 7 - hard to miss), waiters kept passing us without making eye contact as to avoid us.  After waiting 5-10 minutes (we were passed by waiters at least 10 times), we had to seek out the manager to be seated.  The service was excellent, but the bar was very slow and made mistakes.  It took about 15 minutes to get our first drink order.  They made one of the drinks wrong and we sent it back.  When it came back, it was still wrong.The positives - the appetizers were impressive.  The pulled mozzarella was fantastic, but it should come with more pieces of bread - 3 was insufficient.  The date and bacon tart was equally satisfying.  Our waiter did an excellent job and was very knowledgeable about the food.  She was very accommodating for the small child we had with us.The entrees were OK.  We ordered the quiche, the special - Tenderloin Tips, BBQ ribs and the salmon.  None of them were outstanding, although presentation was beautiful.Overall, I would not recommend the restaurant if you are looking for a really top notch meal, although it would be nice for a more casual get-together.  I left feeling disappointed.
5	Oh my god, so I moved back to Chicago from AZ just 2 weeks ago, and man oh man, one of the things I miss the most is Cafe Bink's pulled mozzarella salad. This restaurant is the greatest thing on the planet. I have never tasted anything I haven't liked from their menu! A MUST TRY!!!!
4	What a great little gem.Fries...check.   Sliced cured meats....check  Great cheese and picked goodies.....check.   Glass of wine....check.  Outstanding service.....check.What a delightful find!  Please give this place a shot!!
3	Perhaps they should they call it "Cafe Salt".  I enjoyed my cup of cream of mushroom soup and my entree, beef tips. But their homemade bread was very salty (who does that?). The bread would have been great if they just left the salt shaker on the counter.  Then there was my wife's garden salad with salmon.  A bowl of salt.  She had to send it back for a salt-free (read normal) salad. But the overly salted salmon was still on board.  However the figs that were supposed to be in her salad bowl had apparently fallen overboard in the salt exchange. All that was left was a big bowl of lettuce. In the end, this dinning experience just wasn't satisfying.
3	Everything from atmosphere and service to food and drinks was just A-OK here. Upon arrival, we were seated on the outdoor patio. Although it sits on street, the charming twinkle lights and outdoor fireplace makes the busy street easily forgotten. At first, our waitress came right up and started chatting and getting our drink orders. However, after receiving our drinks, I think we may have been forgotten because she didn't come back to place our order for around 30 minutes. Finally, we started looking around trying to get someone else's attention to wait on us and like clock work, our waitress appeared to take our order. At this point we are probably 40 minutes into the meal, so definitely getting a little hungry! It also took about 15 minutes for a new drink to come out after we ordered one. However, it was a nice night out and we weren't in a rush, other than being hungry. Once the food came out, it was decent. I ordered a burger medium to well done and my bf ordered a burger medium rare. However, when my burger arrived it was definitely more on the rare side. Yet because the turnaround took so long, I didn't want to send it back. Luckily after about two bites in, my bf realized that they had switched our orders and given him the medium well and me the medium rare. So after a plate change, we were on our way. I should also mention that the burger wasn't actually on the written menu. In fact, none of the best sounding items of food were actually on the written menu. Instead they were listed in the specials the waitress read off. So be sure to listen to the specials. The burgers came with chips or a salad but for a couple extra dollars you could upgrade to the fries with dipping sauces. I typically enjoy truffle fries, but the truffle dipping sauces were a little too rich for my taste buds. We weren't given normal ketchup but I decided to ask and see if they kept any in the back. Luckily they did so I proceeded to put the regular ketchup on my burger and fries. All in all, the meal was good and while the service was slow, I think it might have just been a fluke where our table was forgotten for awhile, plus the atmosphere was pleasant so it was still nice.
4	Visiting from NoVA and visited for dinner.  Very good dinner - fresh food, nice wine list and drinks.  Casual atmosphere with lots of local folks.  We will return.
1	This was an incredibly overrated restaurant. We chose it because of high marks on yelp. We started with mushroom soup which was salty brown water with a vague mushroom flavor. We sent it back and got a beet salad which was fine. To be fair my main course of trout was good. The cioppino my son and husband had was the worst we had ever ordered. It was supposedly a main course but was quite small. The shrimp were tiny with a few pieces of shell fish and a very small piece of fish in a watery, red broth without any character. My son went next door to order a pizza so that he would have something to eat. The bill was $120.00, and we felt incredibly ripped off.
3	Me and my husband went there for dinner on Friday for the first time. we both had mixed reviews on this place. We shared some fries and a bowl of french onion soup. The fries were great but the price wasn't. $8 for fried potatoes seemed a bit much nonetheless they were tasty. The soup was a bit salty but had a good flavor. It angered my husband though about the price of the soup. $9 for a cup of soup made of onions and beef stock? He had the trout and loved it and I had the crab cake dinner and they were some of the best crab cakes I have ever had. The service wasn't that good I guess because they were busy. Our server looked like she was going to have a nervous breakdown. We might go back but not on a regular basis.
4	we stumbled on this place after driving around cave creek for about half an hour.  did not know it was affiliated with the more upscale binkleys up the road.  the cafe version of binkleys represents itself very well.from the moment we stepped in, we were happy with the choice.  we sat on the patio and watched a desert sunset.  coyotes crossing the road nearby all while we had a very nice gazpacho and pulled mozzarella for appetizers.  both were very good.we also had the fries which were recommended as a "don't miss".  glad we didn't.  the truffle ketchup was very nice too. had the bolognese with pollenta and the tri tip.  the tri tip was a bit chewy for our taste and when we advised our waiter, he surprisingly took it off our bill.the service at cafe bink was very attentive and friendly.  the patio, the food and the view really combine to make this one of the better places we ate while visiting the scottsdale area this past week.
5	As longtime fans of Binkley's, we've been to Cafe Bink twice now for lunch.  The service is pretty good although it is lacking compared to near spa-like atmosphere of Binkley's.  The food is excellent.  On our most recent outing here, I ordered the pasta bolognese and it was outstanding.  Who knew a meat sauce could shine like that?  And of course, the fries are required eating.  It's a fabulous alternative when my bank account shrinks in horror at another Binkley's reservation.  Wonderful job Kevin and Amy!
4	We checked this place out this morning for brunch after enjoying a delicious dinner at Binkley's a few months ago.  We sat on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful view of the mountains.  The eggs benedict was delicious - everything made fresh...even the english muffins.  The dressing on the greens was so tasty too!  Nice patio, friendly service and great food!
5	Fresh ingredients, good service, wonderful favors. Simple concept that works. Wife had phenomenal turkey sandwich' I had great French toast friends had roast beef sandwich and an appetizer cheese plate with something else that I missed.  If you are a person that likes a huge stack of pancakes, with four eggs and bunch of bacon as a minimum for breakfast this is wrong for you.  The portions are modest but filling for me.  This is about the taste not the poundage.We went for brunch and my screwdriver had fresh squeezed OJ    The Bloody Mary's  Were great   Oh and split an order of fries.  Not a lot of tables but lots of space at bar.  And it is expensive.  But there are other expensive breakfast spots in the area that have disappointed me.  This one doesn't disappoint.  Best thing about our brunch was no adults brought their awful  obnoxious horrible children  So nice to have quiet adults.  I have children in their 20s. I never took them anywhere before they could behave.  I can't wait for my grandchildren to b  here. But they will be polite before they go to a restaurant.  This has nothing to do with cafe bink.  Everything to do with civility   Your child or grandchild is hideous.  Leave them at home when they visit from Minnesota   They suck. Seriously. Everyone hated them on the flight also.  And your wife /daughter whatever is fat and making excuses for not parenting
5	A favorite place for dinner or a casual lunch at the bar. I love the Bolognese with polenta and a sliver of toasted baguette! Or just some fries and a few beers on the patio.
5	Yes, as good as it gets in the metro area. I had the best corned beef sandwich I have ever had. Wifey had the meatloaf sandwich and loved it. Nice selection of wines. Good service, friendly atmosphere. A little pricey, but you usually get what you pay for. After coming here we really want to try the mother restaurant, Binkley's.
4	Great French inspired cuisine in a beautiful Carefree desert setting.  You truly do feel a world away here and at Binkley's.  As good as the other stuff is, the biggest impression came from their inspired take on potato chips and fries.
5	Great food and friendly service. Fries were tasty. Frittata and Croque Madam were full of flavor and hit the spot. Then, ice cream sandwiches Cafe Bink style.
5	Back again for the second time last Sunday with friends. This time I had the corned beef sandwich and Susan the eggs benedict. EXCELLENT. We did not need the order of fries served with three sauces... just too much to eat. The fries are magnificent and served the french way in the little paper cone. The sauces were good but I usually like a little more flavor. Really, the fries don't need sauces. They stand on their own due to the way they are cooked. My friend had the eggs benedict and said they were the best he has ever had. Service has been terrific both times we visited Cafe Bink. We didn't need the second bottle of wine either but it was terrific.
5	After trying Binkley's, I wanted to try out their casual Cafe Bink. I've been here twice now and have had exceptional experiences both times. Service is attentive and prompt. Dylan W. was our server both times. He was great and would recommend! The food here is straightforward but made with exceptional ingredients. The last time I was here, I ordered the fries (which are awesome), a burger and a caesar salad. Everything was great! Fries came with a trio of sauces, including a garlic aioli and truffle ketchup. Caesar is made with homemade croutons and anchovies. I didn't think I liked anchovies but in the salad, they taste great. The burger was well made and delicious on the onion roll. For dessert, we tried the nutella creme brule, which was outstanding! It also came with chocolate chip cookies on the side. Yumm-o!! It's a bit of a drive if you aren't already in North Scottsdale, Carefree or Cave Creek but well worth it! It's small inside, has a nice bar and a beautiful patio that has a great view of the mountains and desert scene. Prices are a bit high but food is great!Will keep returning!
4	As we walked in the door with a 3 yr old, they suggested we sit in the back corner.  Ok... But that probably wasn't a bad idea, seeing as how our child promptly spilled her sprite on the floor requiring the very accommodating waiter to mop it up.  When he saw our child crying he reassured them by saying in jest, "the bus boy breaks 7 dishes a night!"  Anyway on to the food.  We started with the bruschetta appetizer which was really good.  I especially enjoyed the white bean on toasted bread and grilled onions.  My husband ordered the hanger steak and appreciated the tenderness and the flavor of the horseradish bread.  I ordered the bolognese somehow thinking there was pasta involved.  There is not.  However the polenta was rich and creamy and our three year old enjoyed it immensely.  The sauce was good too. I was disappointed by not seeing anything "green" on the dish.  Salads are about $14 a piece!  But the meal was delicious.  Special kudos for our waiter checking and double checking on the ingredients.  We have serious food allergies in our family. We could hear him asking the chef.  Nice!
4	A delightful cafe/lunch spot at the north end of Scottsdale road. The menu is creative without leaving out good "fundamental dishes." The staff is friendly and the patio is really nice when the weather is good.Coming in, you'll be served bottled water. I'm not sure if there is an option, but I'm not complaining. They leave the bottle for you and do the same thing for lemonade and tea. We usually start with the truffle fries that come with three dipping sauces. You get ketchup, flavored mayonnaise, and an aioli mix. These are great for sharing and you can choose the size.Things I've ordered at lunch time:Salmon BLT - this is by far my favorite item. The fish is tender, but not too much to fall all over the place. You get an adequate amount of bacon, all smothered in a delicious sauce that drips into your chips or mixed greens. So good. Compressed Muffulleta - I tried this because the name is so funny. I wasn't a big fan. It's got the makings of loaded Italian sandwich with some nice toppings. However, it goes very heavy on an olive spread that overpowers the meats. I may try asking for it without. It is very filling despite how it looks.Chicken sandwich - I really liked this! Chopped up pieces of chicken held together with cheese, cooked onions and herbs on a fluffy bun. It has a great flavor and just a solid sandwich.Roast Beef - lots of roast beef piled high with horseradish. This one is for the meat eater in the group!
5	Hands down, best fried chicken I have ever found!
3	So much for making a resolution to eat out less, it's not really working!Had lunch at Cafe Bink today, food was very good and service was very attentive.It is pricey though...With tip  came out of there at $ 26. I had the French Onion soup and the chicken sandwich. The only thing  did not care for was that the chicken in the sandwich was cubed rather than served as a chicken breast. don't know why they do that...maybe makes the chicken more tender..?I am only giving three stars as  feel the prices are a little too steep.
2	No care to detail, including when we walked in the door. "Do you have a reservation?" No, not at 5:30 pm and how about Hello?  There were plenty of tables open. The server could have at least worn a less worn T-shirt with jeans. It's sloppy.Pot roast veggies could have used more flavor along with the aioli served with the fries.  It doesn't appear that the fry oil had been changed in a while.  You can tell by the way it tastes and the color.  I noticed all the fried items were coming out the same dark brown, including the donuts.  At these prices, there is better in Scottsdale and Phoenix.
3	Food was all pretty good - liked the soups bread and Anna's bolognese. The salads were overdressed and sparring on the good advertised ingredients. Would give a solid 4 on the food alone (minus fly in my green tea) but the service was so bad it looses 2 full stars. Almost 2 hours for lunch - may be my east coast sense of urgency but this was really ridiculous - no bread until  we insisted - general avoidance altogether
1	Food was so salty it was enedible. Terrible. Other friends have had the same experience
3	I took a drive up North to escape the Phoenix Open congestion and found Cafe Bink for lunch via my Yelp app. I dined out on the beautiful patio that had some nice mountain views. I ordered the burger medium, it came out as medium rare but definitely leaning to the rear side. I thought the burger was just okay. I really enjoyed my salad. I got the salad instead of the fries since I'm trying to eat more green food these days. The service was very good. The leave you a large flask of water on the table. Lunch for two was $26 before tip.
4	I live in the neighborhood and had been avoiding the place.   The reviews from others  were mixed.   We went on a Sunday mid day and it was packed.   We saw our old friend Donna and had a beer.   She brought us her favorites, Sloppy Joe, Roast Beef and Fries.    Those fries are AMAZING.   The sauces really bring out the flave.    I would have the Roast Beef again, the Joe a bit sweet.   I'm much more spicy.   We finished with the apple tart, quite tasty I must say but a bit on the small side.    Worth the drive and the atmosphere.....
1	This was the fourth or fifth time we have dined at Cafe Bink and really have never had a good meal, but tonight was the worst.  To start, they were out of the wines on the wines by the glass list?My wife had the sand dabs and could not finish the very small portion as they were prepared over rice, both of which were smothered in oil and had little flavor.  I had the pork stew, which was also a small portion  and was lacking any spicing and was not even warm but almost cold.  Our friend had the "all you can eat pig roast"  which was also a meager portion, even with a refill.  He also said the dish had little going for it.I also had the French fries which would rate four or five stars, but could not possibly make up for tasteless poorly prepared entrees.  The menu is a fooler as it reads well but doesn't come close to it's expectations.Someone needs to seriously re-evaluate the kitchen staff.  This place must stay fairly busy because of the Binkley connection.  We have finally learned our lesson - we are slow learners.
3	Food was great when it finally got there. Wait was too long.  The server was great and very apologetic.  I understand that they opened another restaurant and they are obviously spreading themselves too thin.
4	Sat outsidegreat service, great food- Steak & Pomme Frittes, Amys Bolongaseterrific dessertwill be back & often
4	Made a return visit one year later.  I had a fish from NW USA called sand dab - new one to me, but very well prepared.  Small filets (size of your hand) somewhat similar to east coast spots I suppose.  Served on a wild rice dish.  My wife had the North Carolina pit BBQ pulled pork platter (served with tomato based rather than vinegar based sauce).  We spend a lot of time in North Carolina, and are spoiled with the original, so hard to make an evaluation.  All in all, once again, a great experience for the price and the setting, and recommend highly.
2	Cafe Bink was on my "to-do" list for a long time.  We went up there Saturday night and I was sorely disappointed.  The French fries, as everyone mentions, were really good, and we liked the sauces they came with (the sauce vert was our favorite, the aioli needed a little bit more garlic).  I had the fried chicken, which was covered in breadcrumbs, rather than batter.  It looked like Shake n Bake and didn't taste much better.  Oh well, I guess I can scratch this one off my list.
5	"Food was delish. Definitely order frites, yum! Fresh squeezed lemonade double yum! Don't go if in a hurry meant to be enjoyed."
1	I still can't believe it. Binkley's Restaurant (same ownership, same town) is one of my favorite restaurants in the country (seriously).  I've been there dozens of times and recommend it to people constantly.I heard that Cafe Bink was a casual establishment in town and that they had the amazing truffled ketchup & fries that I'd experienced as a part of Binkleys tasting menu. And they did. And that was the only thing on the menu that was decent. Actual quote from my friend "is this supposed to be cold in the middle?"Service was horrific, at one point they literally forgot about us. Server didn't know anything about the ingredients. It IS is possible two have two restaurants, owned by the same chef, in the same town be literally polar opposites.
4	I don't know about you- maybe I'm cheap, but can anyone really go anywhere for lunch around the valley for $20 or less (for two)? OK-- Taco Bell, Del Taco, or In and Outs. Never mind. We live in Cave Creek, and drive past Cafe Bink on occasion. Stopped in for lunch and really enjoyed it. This place is for the "well-heeled," as they say. These folks don't shop at Bashas'. Their go-to grocery is AJ's. Get my drift? Anywho, we had the prosciutto-wrapped breadsticks for an app. They had truffled cream cheese. YUM. Just yum. Hubby had the gourmet hot dog, which was delish. I had the chicken sandwich, again delish. The service was great. We sat on the patio, watching those well-heeled folks. $50 for lunch. *gulp*We'll be back, but I may have to sell my Manolos on Craigslist to go there.
4	Very good food.  Everyone in the party commented on the quality of the good.  The service was excellent as well.   The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is the menu pricing does not match the casual ambience of the location.
3	Went for lunch and wasn't very impressed with the food. The truffle fries were okay and my sandwich was just an average sandwich. I think it was overpriced for what it actually was. Maybe I didn't order the right things or dinner would be better but I wasn't very impressed
5	Best little cafe in the phoenix area period. The food is really good and the bloody Mary's are even better.
2	Service is slooooow. Pricey for a salad.
5	Our favorite, go to, restaurant. Whether we are starving or entertaining visitors or having the best cocktails during the happy hour...must have: French fries with 3 sauces, ribs, fabulous salads and daily specials.  The wait staff are attentive and friendly, crazy winter crowds or summer slow season, they take special care of each customer.
2	Hello to all of my fellow Foodies out there :)This review of Cafe Bink will be short and sweet.... ok, well not so sweet.... but I will try to keep it short!We went last weekend around 3:30p, the place was empty which is fine with us.... our thinking here is.... better service and fresh hot food.....Cute ambiance... lots of ourdoor seating.... not too much indoor seating.We chose from the "happy hour" menu which consisted of just a few items .We really came to try these "fries" we read so much about and also decided to share a burger (which was on the happy hour menu).We ordered the burger "medium rare"... standard order and for a restaurant in their "caliber" we expected a medium rare burger.We also ordered the fries...of course!We got the fries first and I dont get what the hype is about.The fries are thick long strips that do not taste especially good but the dipping sauces were the saving grace.   I am not a big salt person but I found it odd that there were no salt/pepper on the table and the fries had 0 seasoning.We ate maybe 8 fries total between both of us... even the truffle ketchup wasent good enough to cover up the "not so great" fries.Lets preface this by saying the food was ready and sitting under a heat lamp and our server nowhere to be seen.Luckily someone else noticed the food sitting there and brought it to the table.It was very nice that they cut it in half so we each had a plate.However..... the burger was medium...WELL!Come on now.... how can you trust a well reviewed restaurant that can't cook a burger Medium RARE?The burger was quite juicy but did not make up for the Overcooking.I ate 2 bites and along with the few fries asked for our check.They did remove the burger from the bill...which any half way decent place would do.We left there paying $12.00 for a couple bites of a burger a few fries and 1 soda.Needless to say.... we will not be back!I guess my review wasent as short and sweet as I said it would be....but if you have read any of my reviews you know... they are never short and sweet! lolOn that note, as I always say... Go... try.....and see for yourselfAnd until you do.......Bon Appetite'
2	Literally we have walked out 3 times in the evening due to either NO service or RUDE attitude. Live close by so gluten for punishment. Lunch is incredible flavors, great service, and expensive. Last night the two of us we walked in @ 8:15 they close at 9, the bartender/host/server said we couldn't have the 4 top because it was RESERVED?! He and the Mgr were obviously more concerned with closing duties than accommodating us spending our $100+. We are finished.......I promise!
2	The bartender saved this place from a 0 or 1 start review. I took my foodie son for happy hour on a Saturday while we were up north because he has rally wanted to check it out. There were NO other customers when we arrived so I would expect decent quality- even if we ordered from the happy hour menu. How hard is it to get french fries and a burger right? French Fries: absurdly oversalted. The aiolis and truffle ketchup were tasty and, thank goodness, almost covered up the sodium saturated fries they were served with. Housemade Potato Chips- So much potential, so much f$#*ing salt. Aggressively oversalted. Burger- I ordered a burger with Swiss cheese and was petrified my the smell. It smelled rotten. Tasted like cheese that was (way) past it's prime. The kitchen said it was a fancy french gruyere and supposed to taste that way. Cough (bullshit) cough. The bartender took it away and brought me another one without cheese. It was raw and mushy inside. I finally gave up on trying to get anything to eat.Corndog- palatable Slopp Joe- tasty, overly sweet, served lukewarmWine was delicious.My son had a tasty chocolate mousse for his birthday that was very well-executed.Super friendly bartender (Christopher) compensated for the poor food.Extremely unimpressed with the food.Wondering what the fuss is about. Won't try this again. Suggest you don't bother (unless you need a glass of wine and mousse).
4	The National Concierge Association visited Cafe Bink yesterday and enjoyed a delicious lunch of their award winning French fries, tasty house salad and a tasting of the sandwiches which the group voted the sloppy joe and the roast beef as the favorites.  The group highly recommends Cafe Bink to anyone who finds themselves near Carefree Arizona where the service was just as fantastic as the food.  Thanks for taking care o us.
5	Love this place! The service is as good as it gets; as is the food. Think deli meets cafe but a new take on both. The salmon BLT and Fried Green Tomatoes are my personal favorites. The patio is also adorable!
1	This review is not in reference to Bink's food or service, it is in reference to being lied to by Bink's employees. My family stopped by for lunch yesterday with our new tiny poodle puppy in tow, and requested seating on the patio. Our puppy, all of 3 pounds, would stay on my lap the entire time. We were told no, only service dogs allowed on the patio, due to "health codes". Now, I 100% support a cafe owner's right to make their own policies regarding dogs on patios, but it angers me to be lied to, because (as a dog owner) I know for a fact there are no "health codes" locally in Carefree or state-wide about this; within five minutes of Bink's turning us away we were seated on the patio at Carefree's sundial cafe, surrounded by family's with dogs, about to have lunch. Kevin, man up, and tell your employees not to condescend to the public and tell the truth about your policies.
4	I went here unexpectedly one night with my boyfriend and his family. I ordered the chopped salad, which was delicious. You wouldn't think there could be anything special about a chopped salad but the ingredients were just really fresh, and there was the perfect amount of dressing. I got to taste a bit of someone's calamari. OUTSTANDING. Lightly breaded, fresh and seasoned to perfection. I could not get over how good it was, and kept saying it was the best calamari I've ever had. The fried green tomatoes were okay, as the bacon sauce that was on top of it was a bit too sweet for my tastes. My boyfriend loved it though. We were pretty impressed.So...we went back for our cheat meal the next week (just me and the boyfriend). We went all out, sampling several appetizers first. The mac and cheese was very good but I wouldn't get it again- too rich. The calamari was still great. The pork and beans were amazing in their cream sauce and cilantro. My entree was the filet mignon, which was sooooo good. Very tender and well-seasoned. I regretted eating so much of the appetizers because i was starting to get full. My boyfriend ordered the fish and chips, which I think he regretted. It was okay but too greasy, and we were wondering what the big deal was about the fries. Anyway, dessert made up for it. The donuts served with a few different sauces. We saved some for the next morning, and they were great with our coffee. We will definitely be back to try more dishes. The services is always great, and the atmosphere is romantic with a great view.
5	Full disclosure - they are getting 5 stars mostly because our waitress was AWESOME. Came for breakfast one random Sunday and were made to feel like family by our waitress. Sat outside on their quaint patio and felt like I was on vacation because the restaurant is surrounded by the bouldery hills of the area. Ordered a latte and my companion ordered a Bloody Mary. Both were made to order and were very tasty. Since I was sincerely enjoying my latte, I was slowly sipping on it so it would last. Our waitress came by after about 10min had passed and asked if it was Ok and whether she needed to re-do it. That right there sealed it for me - she actually cared enough to remake my coffee. Most restaurants in the valley tend to see espresso drink orders as a nuisance during Sunday brunch rushes and they normally churn them out as quickly as possible without regard for how they taste. As a result, it's painfully hard to get good coffee anywhere, really. I assured her that it was very good and I was just taking my time with it. For breakfast I ordered the quiche served with baby greens  - it was really, really good. I wished there was more of it when it was finished just because it tasted so good - even though I was pretty stuffed because they didn't skimp on the portion. Even the greens tasted really fresh to the point that you could taste the sweetness of them and the dressing wasn't overpowering. Definitely will go back. We also tried Bink's Midtown and felt like our experience here was much better.
3	Started out to be 4-star review, but once I went over glitches, realized 4 stars were not appropriate...Was heading down to Scottsdale for dinner when we saw Cafe Bink looking all warm and golden in the chill Dec. night and thought: hey, we've been wanting to try this place.At 7.45 on a Sunday night, inside was packed.  Only few people on patio---possibly because only two heaters going.  No hostess station and the POS is right by front door, so it was confusing, but within moments, a mature lady (poss head server?) swept up, asked for a few minutes to set a recently vacated table.  I mention "mature" because she was the oldest (sorry!) server on the floor---the rest were young men who in late teens, early 20's.  Does Binkley's use this as a training ground?  We took little time to select an appy, dinner and wine.  We were going to have famous house-made frites with three sauces, but waiter recommended appy special, chorizo stuffed fates wrapped in bacon.  Well, heck yeah!  But when we asked him the cost of the dish, he didn't know and thought it was anywhere between $6-$9 dollars.  Then we ordered our wine.  I got the Malm Pinot Noir (btw, paired fabu with my meal!), DH ordered Novelty Hill Cab.  Server informed us they were out of all cabs by the glass.  Fail.  Then open a bottle of what you normally don't sell by the glass or walk the 200 ft to Basha's, who has a pretty good wine selection!  So DH ordered the Campuget blend, and was less than thrilled.  As for our entrees,  I kind of did it my way, ordering a bowl of pasole and the chevre stuffed chile.  (Yes, I know a chile relleno by any other name, but what can I say?)  DH really wanted to try the filet mignon, but it being so late, went for the roast beef sandwich with a side house salad.At this point, the bar cleared and servers were clustered around POS.  After about 10 mins, I finally flagged one down and asked if we could get our wine.Appy arrived and OMg!!!!  It was so close to being incredible.  I just felt the chef was way too restrained.  Dates were splashed with a balsamic reduction and then there was blue cheese and some candied nuts--pecans?.  I tell you what---I got both of the tiny crumbles of blue cheese and that explosion of tang with the dark fruitiness and the sweetness of the balsamic and the smoky bacon---wowsers!  I wish the chorizo had been a smidge more assertive with heat.  The real loss was the stinginess of the blue cheese.  Two pea sized nuggets?  DH regretted he didn't get to experience it.  Entrees arrived nicely timed and pasole was HOT.  Yay!  However, unlike any posole I have home-made or been served.  (Maybe because it was spelled pAsole rather than pOsole?)  I am use to a thick soup or stew that is full of hominy and chiles and pork.  Broth was quite thin, but very, very dark and so full of flavor it made my toes curl.  But truly, I think there was only a half-dozen hominy kernels and I cannot remember more than one tiny scrap of actual pork.  Thanks to the bowl of garnish-cabbage, radish & cilantro-what I ended up having was an incredibly flavorful pork stock with veggies.  The chevre stuffed chile was sublime.  Batter was thin and crisp and so light that the green of the chile showed through.  Chevre was unctuous and creamy and herby---OMg!  But I have to be honest---this didn't bother me but probably would other people---it arrived on a plate in which it rested in at least a tablespoon of oil.  DH said he would not have eaten it.  He DID eat his roast beef sandwich and proclaimed it as good or better than any RB sandwich he has had, including the many he inhaled in Boston.  (You may not know it, but Boston out-does NYC, SF, Chicago, NO and other cities for foodies.  It's our benchmark!)  I had a bite and the meat was fabu, tender and rare, the condiments perfectly balanced, and the baguette crisp and chewy.  DH said his salad with balsamic vinaigrette was very fresh and tasty.As has been said, portions are moderate-doubtful you are taking home leftovers.  But--this was great--DH suggested dessert!  First time ever I heard those words from his mouth!  There were many great offerings, but decided to go for the chocolate eclair/creme brulee.  Incredible.  But again---the chocolate coated eclair was sprinkled with two tiny bits of pink peppercorn and I by chance got them both---that little spark against the rich chocolate and flaky pastry and the sumptuous richness of the brulee...  Poor DH missed out again.All-in-all, a wonderful meal, on the higher side of reasonable, but we didn't feel robbed.  The cafe itself makes me think of a French bistro or a place in Greenwich Village.  Vintage-tile floor and urban elegance.  But until the servers receive a little better training and the chef is more generous with the touches that take a plate to the next level, I can't do better than 3 stars.  But we will definitely be back!  This review was based on Sunday dining, which can be iffy.  We will see for next time.
2	It's been awhile since we been here. Very very disappointed ... Service bad, asked for salt and pepper and they brought it to another table! We asked for fries with the entrees and they came before ! But not only that the "pommels frittes"  were terrible, reheated fries! I would have expected the best ones around! I will have to drive to Zinc for that! The quiche another "specialty" wasn't cooked enough and it also looked microwaved! Oh I forgot the pumpkin soup, something that use to be so great that we use to reorder! - had no taste! We passed on deserts this time as we were afraid of yet another disappointment... I hope the owner would focus on the old places not only on the new city one!
2	I would've gone one star, but the portions were very generous (they better be for the price though!!). Aside from portion size - my salad was drenched in oily flavorless dressing and my husband's fish and chips were a total bust: fish was burned, and the "pommes frites" everyone raves about were so overdone they were unedible (think crunchy and hollow). We didn't bother with the dessert. Cute little place, but we definitely won't be going back.
2	Chose Cafe Bink for lunch, and arrived to find an almost empty restaurant. We stood in the doorway (no indication as to where a hostess might be found) and a server said to us as she walked by "Sit where ever you want". Ok, apparently no one cares enough to show us to a table, so we sat ourselves. We sat there for a while while the servers decided who was going to wait on us. Once they located another menu (they could only find one) I ordered the grilled brat with homemade chips, and my partner ordered the salmon BLT. The brat had an odd flavor, and the bun it came on was so dry it split in half when I put my fork in it. The chips would have been good had they not been completely over-salted. My partner's salmon was overcooked, and the brioche was burned on the outside and soggy on the inside. The tomato slice on the sandwich had no taste whatsoever, which seems odd since one of the hallmarks of Kevin Binkley's restaurants is fresh local produce. This was no garden-grown tomato. We ordered dessert, hoping that we could salvage something to enthuse about. I must say the donuts with 3 dipping sauces were excellent - hot, crispy and delicious. The Creme Brulee Eclair was not as  stellar. The eclair was not fresh, it was clearly refrigerated, which made it soggy. The fresh fruit was very good, but the creme brulee was runny, although the top had a nice crunch.Overall, a very mediocre lunch for the price, and we will not be going back.
2	I have eaten at Cafe Bink numerous times as well as Binkleys.  Today, I wanted to introduce 3 friends to Cafe Bink, as they had never been there.  I expressed to my friends that the food, atmosphere and service is always superb and they will love it.  WRONG!After seating ourselves for lunch, we waited for 15 minutes for a server to appear.  A waitress finally appeared but was not friendly or attentive.  She appeared to be new, as she didn't seem to know what she was doing.  We ordered the french fry appetizer and asked if it could come out before our entree.  She stated that she would try.  The fries did come out ahead of the entrees for 3 of us.  Unfortunately, our 4th friend didn't receive his.  After an hour of being seated, our entrees arrived.The turkey sandwich was bland. The mixed green salad had nothing in it but lettuce even though it was advertised with many items that should have been added.  The hamburger was ok.  The spaghetti squash salad had no squash and had to be returned for squash.We were hearing other customers complaining about their food.We asked the manager what was going on.  He stated this was his first day back after 9 months and that there were new servers and a new chef.After this experience, I, as well as my friends would not return to Cafe Bink.  What has happened?  Spending too much time opening new restaurants and letting this location go downhill?
5	You will have good food at a Kevin Binkley restaurant.  Today it was the salmon bacon, lettuce, and tomato.  I certainly can recommend this restaurant, and the happy hour with homemade hotdog, sloppy joes, and burgers around 5 bucks are a steal.
4	I've been here several times since my last review for lunch and twice for dinner. Sometimes they do hit five stars like when I had this really masterfully crafted dinner with three different heirloom turnips that all looked and tasted different. That dinner was so great we came back with another couple and again the food was very good but that night the portions were so small that even with several plates of appetizers, dinners and desserts three out of four people left hungry and I felt very embarrassed since I suggested Cafe Bink so it's noted that at times the portions can possibly be too small.I still enjoy coming back for the very above average food.The breads and Buns are Bink or Binkley's made.You don't get sauce from a jar it's made here.They use unique produce that you don't see often on menus.The moist meat on your salad or sandwich might have been SousVide for four or more hours at 140 degrees.I enjoyed a very unique interesting salad called Frisee Spaghetti Squash with added Turkey. It was filled with a multitude of different tastes and textures with many small details that were unusual and interesting. The walnuts were roasted but far more roasted than I ever had before and almost were like air when I ate them. The crispy sage leaves were a perfect flavor in this salad and the pomegranate added light refreshing notes to it. The white meat turkey seemed SousvVide as it was moist  and deep with turkey flavor. All the flavors really went together perfect so it was perfection on a plate. This salad also was BIG! This was the VERY FIRST Time I ever had something I wasn't able to finish here!Good but not as well received was a beet appetizer called BEETS. It was interesting but it was more hazelnuts than beets. The beets were hard to remove from plate because they were as thin as paper and stuck to the plate. The beets were piled with mostly these really roasted airy hazelnuts. Maybe they over did the hazelnuts because they hardly gave me any beets and wanted to give me something? It was good but beets weren't playing a staring role in this dish.Service is usually very good but when they get busy with only a few on is goes down like many other places do.They do also have a nice patio but I note it isn't Dog Friendly.Potential for Five stars is always here.
5	I'd give 5 stars to this place just for the sloppy joe.  It is probably the best sloppy joe I've had in my life.  I had the opportunity to sample their sloppy joe at Binkley's and I was hooked after trying the tiny baby sized portion they gave me there.  When I learned that Cafe Bink served a full size portion, I knew I'd be visiting.  I came to Cafe Bink for happy hour, and being the only patrons at the bar my girlfriend and I got wonderful service, and the food came out real quick.  The french fries were good, but I don't know that the truffle ketchup was as good as others on here have made it out to be.  I'm pretty sure we ordered everything on the happy hour menu, and it was all pretty tasty.  But that damn sloppy joe was soo good, I even ordered a second one for dessert.  I'm pretty sure that just makes me a fat@ss, and I was really straining to finish that second one, but it was worth the pain.  My advice: come for the sloppy joe, stay for the sloppy joe, and leave with a sloppy joe.  It's worth it.
1	The food was okay...very salty, but the reason for the rating was the service. Do come here for sunday brunch unlesd you have three hours to wait and are not that hungry. The manager gave us a discount and free dessert to comp us for our time.
5	I have been eating at the Cafe Bink from many years. I have been here on almost every night of the week and for lunch on many different days.  I have never experience poor service nor have I experience poor quality food.  I understand that on any given day anything can go wrong with a dinning experience.  I always make reservations at dinner time, but not so often for lunch.I have had almost everything on the lunch meal.  My favorite is the Sloppy Joe (don't tell my cardiologist) When I head for the more formal entrees at lunch I like the Steak Frites.  I almost always have an order of the Calamari.  The presentation if good and the food all appears to be fresh.I have never had a moments trouble with the service at lunch time.For dinner:  From the Appetizer list I have had the Mac & Cheese, the Calamari, the French Fries and the Pulled to Order Mosarella.For the entry I have tried the Buttermilk Fried Chicken, Filet Mignon and the Baby Back Ribs the most often.  All of these have been great.  Again the food is fresh, the presentation is good in appearance and the taste mets my expectations.To be honest I have never tried their desserts.  I am just not much of a dessert eater.  The selection of Beer is small but good.  They have draft, cans and bottles.  The wine is pretty darn good with a nice variety from which to select.Service.  I have had both good service and excellent service.  The service at lunch is a bit more relaxed than is the case during the evening.  I measure all service by the attention to detail given to my wife's food allergies.  The staff at Cafe Bink have never failed us.  Things that she cannot order at other places, she can order at Cafe Bink because everything is prepared from scratch.
5	We went for Sunday  brunch, again. Love it!!! Friendly attentive staff, great menu What else do you need? Well maybe if they put the croquette Madame  back on the regular lunch menu. Now,then I would never go any where else!
5	My son and I are continually searching for the best burger in town. We just came up here and as I just had my plate swept away, I find myself leaving this review. Hands down, the BEST burger I have ever had. Holy smoke! My son have it some thought, then rendered the same opinion. Get up here and try it!
1	This was the fourth or fifth time we have dined at Cafe Bink and really have never had a good meal, but tonight was the worst.  To start, they were out of the wines on the wines by the glass list?My wife had the sand dabs and could not finish the very small portion as they were prepared over rice, both of which were smothered in oil and had little flavor.  I had the pork stew, which was also a small portion  and was lacking any spicing and was not even warm but almost cold.  Our friend had the "all you can eat pig roast"  which was also a meager portion, even with a refill.  He also said the dish had little going for it.I also had the French fries which would rate four or five stars, but could not possibly make up for tasteless poorly prepared entrees.  The menu is a fooler as it reads well but doesn't come close to it's expectations.Someone needs to seriously re-evaluate the kitchen staff.  This place must stay fairly busy because of the Binkley connection.  We have finally learned our lesson - we are slow learners.My bad!  We went back a year later, almost to the day.  4/12/14.  Another dreadful experience.  The entire restaurant smelled like a grease pit.  We will have to have all of our clothes dry cleaned, or burned.  The usually good friesTasted like fish from the oil, my quiche was cold and my wife went straight for the Tums when we got home.  On the other hand , the bar tender was nice and helpful.  The lady sitting next to us sent her salad back, saying it was inedible. How does this place stay in business? warm, but more on the cold side.Our friend had the "all you can eat pig roast" which was also a small portion and the refill  together was not together a real dinner  size meal.
5	I will be dreaming about the mozzarella and 3 sides appetizer for days to come.  Wow!  My bolognese was out of this world and hubby's ribs were quite good although he ended up abandoning his plate and cleaning what was left of my entree.  The serving staff was excellent...friendly and attentive.   Will be heading from Anthem regularly for more meals at Cafe Bink.
5	Just finishing dinner. We cannot recommend this place highly enough. Loved the calamari. Bread unique and delicious. My vegetarian wife loved the broccoli and cauliflower. Our fantastic server Bill accommodated me by allowing me to order the steak frites even though it's only a offered on the lunch menu. A truly memorable dish, with the steak cooked perfectly.  Finished with the heavenly chocolate pudding cake.
5	My husband and I ate here last night for dinner and the food was so delicious we decided to come back for lunch. Lunch was equally as good as dinner. We had the pulled pork sandwich and the salmon BLT. The were SO tasty and we loved both. What also makes this restaurant stand out is the very friendly helpful and attentive staff.
5	I have been here a dozen times for lunch, but only tried 2 things on the menu. Reason being, I am usually driven to go to this out of way place based on my cravings for these amazing meals. The salmon blt and the bacon burger. When these are properly prepared, which they are about 80% of the time, they are amazing. I would rank the burger tops in AZ! First bite you get a flavor rush of pork and beef, perfect! But, a few times I ordered this and it was dry and below average. The preparation and cooking are crucial to this meal! Same goes for the salmon blt, perfect when properly prepped, but a disaster when overcooked. Hopefully management stays on top of this! Fries have always been spot on for me, would rank these best in AZ too! As a side note, I was there once when Kevin Binkley showed up, the entire staff perked up and when into super Mario mode, this was the best meal I had there to date. Amazing how this works! He should pay a lookalike to hang out there!!  Again 5-stars based on the meal when it's at its best!, if you get a sub-par meal the 1st time, try it again because when it's right it's a memorable meal!
4	Excellent lunch today. The hamburger was moist and cooked just right. I substituted the fries and they were fantastic. My wife's mussels were excellent as well. We will go back soon.
1	Never again! 5 years and still AC that doesn't work! What a shame.... Mr. Binkley is better than that. Perhaps spend less on opening new locations & divert some $$ to get a new AC! Seems obvious..... Not to pick on staff also suffering through the heat but absolutely no attempts at comping anything to try to appease diners. Ample servings of excuses served instead.
4	Hard to find anything to complain about... The food is inventive, incredibly tasty and of the highest quality.  The servers are always on point, friendly and informative.  Absolutely love this place!
5	Went to happy hour on Sunday 2 to 5. It's nice they have happy hours on the weekend too! Everything was great. The Fries, The Cheddar Burger w/salad, the wines and beer are 1/2 off too!  Everything was fresh and they try to buy locally grown stuff. Nice!
5	Still ranking as one of the best lunch spots in all of Carefree, here are a few more of my favorite things at Cafe Bink:Roasted Turkey Sandwich - a nondescript title, for an otherwise spectacular sandwich. This baby is loaded with alfalfa sprouts, red onions, applewood smoked BACON, cranberry jam, mayonnaise on rye. Serve it up with chips or leafy greens.Pumpkin Donuts - Crisp balls of mushy pumpkin dough blasted with spiced sugar, and accompanied by a rich maple cream. So good.The wait staff here is excellent. As regulars, they know our drink orders and preferences almost by heart. We really enjoy going here for special office lunch outings. Check them out as a catering option too. We spoke with Donna who came up with a great assortment of heavy appetizers for one of our events. Professionally staffed and reasonably priced, these guys compete well with some of the best in the area.
4	Made reservations, arrived on time, and seated promptly, although we politely refused the two top directly next to the front door, which would have provided an Arizona summer heat blast with every entry and departure. There really isn't a dedicated hostess area, so people easily congregate right by an occupier of the aisle seat of that table as well. We were much more comfortable toward the back, although the tables are pretty close together, and a two top moderately cramped for table surface area. I know space is money, yada, yada, yada, but I'm not a fan of listening to the conversations of adjoining tables, and I'm less verbose with a dining companion in this situation. Service was polite and pleasantly provided. I don't respond well to the multiple water choice upsale, so it was delightful to have regular water in a generous container automatically placed on the table. Refills were handled with unobtrusive aplomb by what looked like a very young auxiliary staff. I have an extensive wine background, so I tend to be very critical of a restaurant wine list and pricing. Regrettably, very few restaurants regardless of their real or imagined reputations do wine with much thoughtfulness. Cafe Bink is slightly above average with their selection, but can't quite elevate above the ho-hum. If only anyone could tell their rep no when they suggest some piece of crap that they have egregious margins on. We got off on the wrong foot when I ordered an Arneis that they were out of. I wanted to order a full bottle of white wine, my wife and I like the grape because it is versatile, and it was in our price range for this particular dining experience, $50. Know your stock, people. I doubt very seriously that we were the first people to order this wine to find it MIA. I was annoyed because I knew my backup wine was a super poor value, a $25 retail Sancerre on the list for $75! I'll spare you my rant on even double retail wine pricing, but that is at least tolerable. Three times retail pricing is nothing but a rip off. Thankfully, at least the wine was an excellent example of the grape. Most waiters overfill your glass and the constantly try to top it off quickly in hopes you will blow thru the bottle and order more. I always make it clear I can pour my own wine, thank you. I felt the waiter was extremely understanding about this, which I greatly appreciated. As I mentioned earlier, the service was exemplary. Ok, so what about the food you say? It was quite good, and reasonably priced. Cafe Bink is the scion of the nearby fine dining, Binkley's. Chef Kevin has achieved a deservedly superb reputation for his skills. We had the beets, gazpacho, mussels, fish and chips, and eggplant Parmesan. All were skillfully prepared and presented. The spacing between the mussels and entrees was a bit long, but not distracting. Final tab: $62 for food + $75 for wine = $137 + tax and gratuity.  $175. We were absolutely thrilled with the food. Five stars in this genre, casual gourmet. The space is somewhat cramped, the wine overpriced and lacking some imagination in the by the glass mode, so I knocked a star off. Will we return? Maybe for lunch, but it's a 30 minute drive, and in a remote location making it a very expensive Uber/designated driver situation, so probably not. There are closer branches to us, but the Scottsdale location is not open for dinner at this time.
4	Cute place. Hubby had the filet and it was cooked perfectly. I had the trout which was also cooked perfectly, but a tad to salty for my liking.One thing you must try are the fries. Two words. Truffle ketchup.Service was great dessert was meh.
5	Stopped by to wait for a friend a do some work on my laptop ( WIFI) Staff was great, stayed for happy hour and drank wine. Laughed with the waitress and had a great time. Had stopped by the evening before because Yelp said they had ice cream. They do....but it's not an ice cream parlor. Stayed for wine and ice cream. that night. Home made banana:)
4	Had lunch here and food and drinks were great, service was a little slow. I recommend the mimosa and their signature mushroom soup.
5	I've been several times, food always great. Something good happened with friendly service. Noticeable difference and nice! Bink is really special! Thanks! Fried Chicken and fries. Really great.
4	We've had lunch twice at Cafe Bink and loved the food both times. We hadthe best cream of mushroom soup and calamari - can't get past either of those.Their chef - the owner - also owns Binkley's - a very upscale restaurant inCave Creek and he is superb. Both are a bit more expensive than the averagecafe but well worth the price. ENJOY!!!!
4	This was at least the 2nd time we've been to Cafe Bink. Overall the food was excellent, but the menu could use some updating and a couple details could be improved. For example, why not serve the bread warm rather than cold?  We started with the dates, which were local, and the pulled to order mozzarella, which we particularly enjoyed - who doesn't love delicious fresh cheese. For entrees, my wife had the salmon (loved it), my sister in law had the bolognese (loved it), and I debated btw the trout and the fried chicken. I ended up with the fried chicken which was great but maybe a little heavy on the breading. I remember at least the bolognese, the trout, the fried chicken and the fish and chips from our last visit 3 years ago. I'm not sure if the menu has changed at all since then.  I joked with my wife that we were one ahi tuna stack and one molten chocolate cake away from a culinary time machine. And then we saw the chocolate puddin' cake on the dessert menu, which was basically a spoonable molten chocolate cake in a jar. It was awesome and delicious and perfect but the point still stands. We also had the doughnuts for dessert as well but they were definitely overcooked - we think the oil must not have been hot enough.  Overall everything (other than the doughnuts) tasted excellent. Great place. Nice meal.
4	Tasty, casual, easy place to grab dinner in the Cave Creek area. We stuck with mostly small plates and salads to share including the mushroom soup (delicious), stuffed Chile with duck egg (unusual and delicious), butternut squash with ricotta and blackberries (solid)We also got the trout which was well cooked and tasty but nothing too special. Fries were hot and crispy. We were a bit disappointed by the mussels.
