4	They really did a wonderful job on their grand opening.  I was quite impressed.  The service was fantastic, even with a full house and it being their first big day. They really use the space well, it's a bit oddly shaped inside (it's on a rounded corner in Epicentre).   The bar area is spacious and there are long tables to stand and enjoy cocktails at while you wait for your table.  Our server, Jackie, was very knowledgeable, nice and amusing.  She recommended the carnitas, which my boyfriend ordered.  I had the barbacoa.  She made sure our food didn't come out too close to the tableside guac.  We joined "The Good Life" club before going so we had a coupon for  a free tableside guacamole.  Which was MASSIVE.  I swear he use like 6 avocados!  It was very tasty and we ate so much of the yummy guac that by the time our food came I was almost full. I definitely recommend joining "The Good Life" and using the coupon, it's was some seriously good guac.  The barbacoa was just as barbacoa should be, tender and almost melt in your mouth.  I thought the sauce was a bit too sweet, but they didn't smother it in the sauce so it was okay.  The carnitas was definitely the better choice, it was smokey and slightly crisp.  We weren't too fond of the taco shells (they're similar to Loco Lime's) and slightly sweet.  It might just be that they're corn and that's how freshly made corn tortillas taste, but they were a little too heavy and sweet for me.  Jackie told us they come from a family business in Monroe and are brought in fresh every morning.  They are trying to use as much locally sourced products as possible.  The plantains were outstanding, i'm a huge sucker for properly done plantains, I also had the black beans and they were equally yummy.  The carnitas came with lettuce, guac and cheese and the barbacoa came with a mexican slaw which was okay, i'm not a slaw fan of any kind so i'm not the best judge.  Be forewarned, the drinks are STRONG.  I had a frozen strawberry margarita and it was very heavy on the tequila.  We had churros for dessert, which were a little too doughy in the middle for me, but the outside was perfect and they come with chocolate to dip them in. My only complaint was the Abercrombie & Fitch music.  My boyfriend commented that he felt like he should be buying clothes not eating.  A little too club dance party for a restaurant.  I get that they're trying to be hip, but that's a bit too hip while i'm eating dinner.
4	My husband and I went to Viva the day after their grand opening.  The decor is very modern, clean lines, nice layout, full bar, plenty of seating in the bar area and generous porch seating that over looks the intersection of Trade & College.  Perfect for people watching.Although the salsa is very fresh it has the consistency of apple sauce and it is very bland.  We thought we had observed some people requesting additional seasoning in theirs but we could not catch our waitress at the bar.  For some reason there was only one bar tender serving 15-20 people ordering lunch at the bar as well as preparing all the other drinks for lunch hour.I ordered the chicken & corn enchilada.   It was delightfully different that the typical enchilada covered in cheese and red sauce.  My husband order the tacos.  He asked for one pork and one brisket.  The waitress didn't hear him so they brought out two brisket.  Upon request they promptly brought out a pork taco.  He said the pork was better than the brisket.  Unfortunately, we felt a little put off when we got the bill and they charged us for the extra taco.  Some how we paid for their mistake?  The sides of beans & spinach were also a little bland but it is nice to have your not so typical side selections to choose from.  They guy next to us got an ear of corn.It seems they changed the music since opening night.  It was more mellow and fit the ambiance of the restaurant.  However, since they weren't properly staffed it took a solid hour for lunch.  This is simply too long for a working lunch hour to compete with other service in the area.
4	I went here on a whim while waiting for the train station to clear out- it was packed after Disney on Ice. I was greeted instantly at the bar and given a drink menu. I got a Skinny Margarita- very good. Their tequila selection alone takes up 2 of the 6 drink menu pages.The menu selections were a little limited, in my opinion. I just wanted something quick, but if I came here for dinner I would want some more options. I went with the Lime Shrimp Salad. They brought out chips and salsa for me while I waited. The salsa was excellent, there was a little something extra in it, a rich bold flavor. I kept trying to figure out what it was but couldn't put my finger on it. The chips came out in a deep metal bowl with high sides- it kind of looked like a mixing bowl. I thought that was a little weird, like they ran out of bowls and just had to grab something quick.My salad took a little bit longer than I would have expected a salad to take, but right when I was about to ask about it, it came out, so no big deal. Forgive the squealing but it was SO PRETTY, very nicely plated. I considered taking a phone picture of it for a moment, but then I was too hungry to wait. The salad was excellent- lettuce, mangoes, avocados, a very light cilantro dressing, and of course the shrimp, which were well-seasoned. I think the menu is slightly over-priced, but I guess that's to be expected for the location, but it's not outrageous. I probably won't be dropping by every day after work for $10 margaritas, but I'll be back for a nice dinner.
2	I was in Charlotte for a conference, and always noticed how busy Vida looked when I passed by. We decided to try it for our last night in town. We ordered the guacamole, which was not the best I have had, but was pretty decent. We also had margaritas, which were nothing to write home about. My main course, the shrimp and crab enchiladas with a side of roasted corn and plantain/black bean mash, was delicious! Had it only been for the food, I would probably rate Vida 3 or 4 stars. However, the service was horrible! The food took FOREVER to arrive. The chips and salsa took about 15 minutes after the server finally told us they were being brought out. The guacamole, which we ordered at the same time, took another 20 minutes or so to arrive. Drinks for some reason took at least 10 or 15 minutes to come out. The waitress made comments about our wait time but never once apologized or tried to offer something to make it better. She blamed it on the restaurant being new. "We've only been open for 2 weeks so things are a little backed up." Regardless of who's fault it was. hers or the kitchen's, she didn't try to rectify the situation. Even when getting the check, we asked for two separate checks and because the manager took $2 off 4 out of our 5 drinks, it took her three times to get our check divided correctly (food on one, drinks on the other should not be that difficult!)All in all, decent-good food, bad service. Hopefully the other servers are better!
4	4th time dinig at Vida and it is still as good as ever. The table side Guacamole is HUGE, but extremely fresh. Every bite of it is a burst of different flavors. I also have tried the carne asada quesadillas and tacos, the corn queso fresco (side item and it's ah mazing) as well as the shrimp and fish tacos w rice and the 2nd time, plantains. All very awesome with little or no grease (you know how mexican food can be...)The atmosphere is inviting with a funky "wooden" floor you will have to see for yourself. 2 thumbs up on the sangria, it definitely lacks that awful "sangria bitterness" and that is why it tastes sooo much better than most places.Staff needs a little more training, but I respect the fact that its all so new. On another note, they are super friendly and timely.I will be dining there a 5th time, 6th time, etc etc you get the picture.....
2	Service dropped this from a 4-star all the way down to a generous 2-star review. The fajitas and fish tacos were average (could use a bit of zest), however,  the guacamole was delicious...once we could actually eat it. It took multiple servers at least 15 minutes before one of them brought us chips (we had to ask three different employees). Imagine the torture! It was a beautiful mountain of avocado, onions, cilantro, and lime juice in a stone bowl sitting right in front of us. Besides being "forgetful" about the chips, we had to ask two different people for napkins and silverware and our drinks took over 10 minutes. I considered giving them the benefit of the doubt, but it wasn't a packed house. On the contrary, it was 3pm and only a handful of parties on the patio. Overall, the service left us feeling neglected. Our server didn't come around to check on us and never asked how our entrees were (which we could have used limes). Side note, the salsa was great and you can make it hot to order.The patio is a sweet place to be. Just be flexible to move your chair around your table as the sun sets on the Ritz Carlton. Open seating, spacious, and in the center of it all...nice!If Vida can greatly improve communication between the waitstaff and train their servers to be more attentive and friendly this place would be a 4-star due to the location, the price, and the atmosphere.The floors are cool looking, but beware if you arrive in tall heels, you may slip...yes, yes I did.
2	This evening was long and strange...We came in on Saturday night before heading over to see Chelsea Handler at Time Warner, apparently not just our idea! This place got very busy very quick! Our reservation was for 5:45 we checked in and then just stood there no one made any moves! I finally walked to the side and we waited about 5 mins and then were brought to the worst table in the place...the booth right by the door, with the crowds of people and the chill from outside, not gonna happen! I asked to be moved they had a whole restaurant full of tables that were empty, they put us right behind the 1st booth they tried to give us...Free Guacamole compliments to my sister for printing this coupon up!! Guacamole was HUGE and very tasty my sister hates cilantro so we had it without...she ruins everything!!  They make it table side and while putting on his latex gloves asked "who would like and exam" sooooo creepy! Now don't get me wrong I am not that stuck up and do have a sense of humor, but it was totally out of left field!! CREEPY!Moving on to dinner I had the Shrimp taco's the shrimp were cold unfortunately but we had no time to waste since we had a show to catch, I ate them. It had come with Sweet Plantains and Grilled Corn, the Plantains were good and the Grilled corn was served cold just like my shrimp, but had the potential of being good.I Like to drink, like A lot!! So we tried a number of the drinks they offered. Starting with the Skinny Girl Margarita- only served Up which to me is weird because its much easier to do it over ice, but fine! Then I had the Sangria-red I hadn't read the description before ordering it thinking that it would be like every other Sangria I've ever drank, WRONG this is served with Tequila in it!! It was gross why put Tequila with wine? why??? I Chugged that down because our server was no where to be found and I was gonna have to pay for it! * Pinch Nose and Chug* then moved on to the Prickly Pear Margarita no salt or sugar please....or not! Not my favorite either it was a different kind of sour it was just ok. Moved on to a regular Margarita NO SALT please...or not! It was fine can't really re-invent it so I had two!! Service was awkward all through the night! Never mind the "Guacamole Guy", but it was everyone that approached our table. It was like it was everyones first night serving EVER! I know our server wasn't young probably 30's and it was as if he has never done this before. I know they just opened, but not yesterday and it seemed from the minute we got there it was a Cluster F*!@ (sorry but it was). I may come back but I'm in no rush to do so.
3	My sister pretty much summed up our evening in her review (LeeAnn D.) but I thought I would add my take on the evening.  I found the chips, salsa and guacamole to all be excellent, to the point where I could not stop eating all of it and knew I was gonna be full for dinner!  I liked the prickly pear margarita, though I would have liked to have known it would be served up and not on the rocks.  I followed this up with the Partita margaritas and those were all very good as well.  My dinner was the tortilla pie, corn and the black bean and plantain mash.  All was good, but, my entree and corn were not served hot.To add to the weirdness factor with the service, the guacamole maker took some and put it on a chip when he was done making it, and put it 2 inches from my face, just waiting for me to notice it!  It scared the shiz out of me when I finally saw something out of the corner of my eye!  I thought he was going to try and feed it to me!!  And also, the bar staff either needs to learn to pick up the pace or the restaurant needs to hire more staff.  We had just received a round of drinks and decided to put the order in for the next because it was taking soooo long.  Our server decided to tell us that there were 17 tickets in ahead of ours and he got in trouble for putting our other round in so soon after the previous, um okay TMI maybe??  And somehow, even though he asked me a good 3 times if I wanted another one, when everybody else got their drinks, mine wasn't there and I had to wait even longer for mine =(Overall I think the space is nice and I liked the food and drinks, it didn't end up being crazy expensive, where it can be when multiple drinks are involved.  But the service situation needs to improve for sure!
5	Ok so I know there are some people hating on the Vida but I've been nothing but pleased during my visits there. I am totally digging that there is another option Uptown for Mexican besides the fast food Mexican places like Salsarita's and Qdoba. Some co-workers and I went for lunch today since one  had a free guacamole coupon and  were the first ones there. After 10 minutes of being there, the dining area was almost packed so obviously this place is doing something right.We had prompt service with a friendly and knowledgeable server who gladly gave honest suggestions on what to order (seriously, request Matthew-he is wonderful!). The rolling guac cart came around right after we had our water filled and started to go to town on the fresh made guac. I love anything that I can see being made in front of me. Served along with that were some of the freshest and warm tortilla chips I've ever had with just the right touch of salt. And the guac? I almost asked guac man for his hand in marriage since it was rich, creamy and delightful. I wanted to scrape the bottom of the bowl but didn't think that would be ok since it was a business lunch and all. Our server suggested the carnitas tacos so I had to go with that and dare I say there were the best I've had (and I'm an Arizona transplant so I like to think I know good Mexican food). I had the plantain and black bean mash with was equally as awesome. We had no problems at all and checks were given in timely manner. I left with a feeling of happiness from exceptional service, amazing food and a food baby sitting in my belly. This place is one block away from my office which is going to be way dangerous for me but also way good for me.
3	Living it up in Charlotte!Good dirty martini. Good olives. Thanks for enabling me to enjoy a drink on the way to the airport with less than an hour to spare.Can you imagine this in manhattan? Nah
2	If you plan on stopping by Vida Cantina, make sure you join their good life club so you can enjoy the tableside guacomole for FREE on your first visit!  http://vidacantina.com/good-life/  I just wanted to get that out there because I was not aware of this promotion and was extremely disappointed when I couldn't take advantage of free food on our first visit, especially since I don't see myself coming back.The atmosphere in Vida was what I expected and followed the trend of the rest of the epicentre with upscale modern decor.  We chose to sit in the outdoor patio which was a little noisy from traffic but great for people watching.  Our service was slow and lackluster, and our waitress only came to our table three times while we were there.  I saw our waitress wandering around the outdoor patio several times so I know she was free to stop and see how we were doing but she just never did.After reading all the reviews I had to order the tableside guacomole which was quite delicious!  I was a little disappointed that they didn't actually make it at our table, but I think that was because we were sitting outside.  So if you're there for the show make sure to sit inside.Our entrees were very disappointing.  Hubby got the carnitas tacos with pork meat in a soft wheat tortilla shell.  I tried a bite of a taco and it had zero flavor and the meat was dried out.  I ordered a cobb salad and made the mistake of not asking for my dressing on the side.  It was drenched in dressing and all the lettuce was soggy.  Gross.Overall we paid too much money for poor service and not so great food.  I don't even think the free guacomole on the next visit will bring me back.  This makes me sad because I really wanted to like this place.  :(
3	Normally I'd say you can't go wrong with any kinda Mexican food. It's usually cheap, hearty and comforting. When it's elevated into a gourmet fine dining restaurant though; that's when things can either turn south or pan out eloquently like a Monet or maybe even a Frida Kahlo painting. Vida seems to be a hit or miss and just falls short in the execution of some dishes. While I haven't had any issues with service, I do have one major beef with their seemingly ridiculous approach to seating. My first visit was on a Saturday night around 9:00pm. Luckily I had reservations, otherwise I might have been turned away by, ahem the bouncer. No offense to the doorman himself - he's just doing his job....but a bouncer at a restaurant? Are you serious? *suspense* I understand this place is a little clubby, but this is a bit of overkill dontcha' think?  What's the point of having a bouncer when you have hostesses? *climax* Better yet, WTF is the point of having a bouncer at a restaurant - period? *explosion* Riddle me that? I'm guess I'm just glad I was on the list.....I think. Anywhoo, in two separate visits, I did have some issues with the food though. $24 for three (3) surf and turf tacos. Tender, medium rare beef and tiny bits of lobster. Okay it's lobster - I get it. But, at least make it worth my while. Tasty, but nothing that made me scream woohoo. The Pork Chops..Hmm I don't know how to describe them. I think distinctly non-Latin flavor works. On my second visit, I had the fish tacos. While they were okay, they too weren't anything spectacular that I would return for. For sides, I prefer the green rice over the red. Black Bean and plantain mash, eh just okay. I had a hard time getting over the look of it though.. hehe. The grilled corn; it's kinda hard to mess up corn, but that queso slathered on top almost ruined it. Vida isn't all bad though. The guac, another dish that isn't hard to mess up has a unanimous yummy consensus. Drinks are good; capraihina, mojitos and a decent beer selection. Not all of the tacos are overpriced, and I hear the carnitas is the thing to get. I also appreciate how the tacos are made in a traditional manner, corn tortillas, and prepared very simply with pico, cilantro and lime. Overall the food is just average. Service has always been good for me, with the exception of the bouncer. The overall ambiance is clubby, young, posh and hip. Not a place you'd take your mom, but a pretty rad spot to impress a hot date. Just make sure she chugs a few margaritas in case the food itself doesn't impress. Either way, a place worth checking out for yourself.
4	After reading all the reviews I was excited about trying this place.  We had a work event here the other night and I think it was the perfect spot for it.  They closed off the upstairs area and it was the perfect space for a small group to get together the bartender was awesome as well as the other waitstaff and I know my managers were very pleased with the whole experience.  They served light appetizers nothing that really made me go wow this is awesome but I really can't judge the food till I get a chance to sit down and check out the menu.  Margaritas were spot on  - looking forward to coming back soon.
2	So, I've read the other reviews on the Restaurant.  I'm glad to know I'm not the only one that didn't "love it".If you don't have reservations and show up promptly...they turn you away.  I watched it happen twice.   I'm in another area of service Industry...and I don't believe in turning anyone away for any reason.First Impression....decor was nice...not too over the top...but still had that Epicenter feel.Great menu with lots of variety.   I ordered shrimp...it came out COLD.  So I sent it back...and then guy who brought it back to me said "Now hurry and eat it before it gets cold again".... I was appalled.    It's not my fault that my food was sitting in the window too long before it hit the table.   After the "re-cook"  it was fine....I enjoyed my meal.Service was lacking....between the bouncer guy at the door of a restaurant and the slacker that was waiting on us...I'm surprised that we made it to our next venue in time.  Our waiter maybe came over 2 times the entire time.... I just thought he was on a perpetual smoke break someplace.  Waitstaff can definitely be a little more attentive.I probably will not go back due to the price:service/quality ratio.  It wasn't awful...but it was FAR FROM STELLAR.
4	So finally I made it back to Vida after enjoying their soft opening a while back...ole! As others have mentioned - the decor is lovely. It's a well appointed restaurant with plenty of booths, large bar area, great patio (perfect for people watching) and sweet upstairs area for smaller groups. Our service last night was just about perfect - efficient, friendly, helpful and considerate. Case and point? Hubs and I dined with another couple, and my friend is about 7 months pregnant. When the server brought three of us our margaritas, etc. she also brought a mocktail for my buddy with baby. Sweet! Here's my take on the food...Guacamole: 5/5: Some of my favorite guacamole in Charlotte. It was super fresh, well made and gigantic. The four of us barely finished it. It may be more expensive than other places, but it is delicious and feeds many. Skinny Margarita: 4/5: It is indeed a skinny margarita. I believe Vida touts this as fewer than 100 calories. It's a good margarita - especially for that caloric intake. Chicken Enchiladas: 4/5: I thought I ordered the chicken & roasted corn enchiladas...but maybe they were just plain chicken. Regardless, they were flavorful, cheesy and filling. While some may say $14+ for enchiladas is pricey, this portion was mighty large and with the two sides I was plenty full. Fried Plantains: 4/5: I love fried plantains. These are done right, albeit a teeny tiny bit greasy. Corn con Queso: 3/5: It's a general ear of roasted corn with a bit of queso. Nothing to write home about, but it was fine overall. So, overall a really solid experience at Vida. I'll be back soon...as long as I come with a reservation!
5	Had the she crab nachos and was totally blown away, so darn good!  The service was great and there is supposed to be a great club upstairs after hours.  The service was great and the table next to us was raving about the avacados. Yum, will def be back here!Mindy
4	I went here with a group from work for lunch. Everyone seemed pleased. I had the Carne Asada Tacos and they were wonderful and just what I expected. Grilled steak cheese and pico de gallo. The side I chose was the fried plantains and they were GREAT. A lot of people said they were greasy but they were no more than could be expected for being fried. We also ordered the Guacamole. It was wonderful! Just like I had made it in my own kitchen. It was a good size for 6 of us so if its just you, you might want to not order a meal or just wait for another time. The service was good, not exceptional but not bad either. I want to go back and try the margaritas.
2	Ribs were dry. Rice was dry. Plantains were the best i've ever had. Beer was cold.
4	Good lunch with the business-y types of Charlotte. Prompt service, good menu, great food. Decor is beautiful and location is central.
4	After a few trips here for their soft opening a few months ago, I finally got back for a full meal. Very good IMO! Went here with another couple and started with the tableside guac, which like everyone says, is huge and awesome! Server was a little weird, but fun, and was quick with the drink orders and recommendations. Ordered the carne asada tacos and they were good! My only complaint was that the plate had so much going on that I couldn't get through it all and truly dissect the meal. Not a problem though as I didn't have much room left after the trough of guac :). Can't wait to go back!
4	We went to Vida with apprehension because of the mixed reviews that it has received both on Yelp and word of mouth. We made a reservation at 8pm on Friday and were seated right away. Our server was very attentive from the beginning and throughout the meal. The chips were good and the salsa, which had a smoky chipotle flavored twist, was great. We had 4 people in our party, so we ordered a classic margarita, a partita, Vida's specialty frozen margarita and the Skinny margarita. We all decided that the Skinny was best. Do not miss the ripe plantain and black bean mash side! Awesome. Also good, the grilled vegetable tacos and the green chili rice. We'll be back and will recommend Vida to others. Be sure to make a reservation and be prepared to spend some time there, the food is slow to come out, but I don't think that's a bad thing.
4	It was a cold and snowy Sunday afternoon... this reads like the start of a horror movie, but in the case of Vida there was no scare, just an relatively awesome food experience.Now in fairness, it was snowing outside and it was a holiday weekend, so my party of 3 basically had the whole restaurant to ourselves.  Our server spent all the time in the world making recommendations on the menu and describing the dishes while making sure our drinks never ran empty.  Real world experience?  I dunno, but our server's knowledge of the menu and the preparation of the dishes was impressive and spot on, so I'm impressed regardless of whether he was resigned to the fact we'd be his only table for lunch service.What impressed me most were the little extra touches that accompanied most dishes and drinks.  For example, I'm not quick to choose a margarita because of the sweetness or the cake of salt rimmed on the glass.  Vida, though, has a Partita, which uses agave nectar in place of sugar and fresh squeezed lime juice.  No salt needed because this guy is smooth and dangerous- as in, "I could've drunk them all afternoon and gotten seriously messed up."I also appreciated the inclusion of chipotle peppers in adobo sauce mixed into the salsa- it added that smoky zing that made the salsa memorable.  It was also adjustable according to your level of spice preference.  Perhaps it was the Partita getting to me, but I think I liked the first bowl clean.  Table-side guac is as fresh as it comes and also adjustable according to your likey of the spicy.  Just tell your chef as he mixes it all in the huge stone bowl before your eyes.  Freshly made chips, fried in-house accompanies your order, and our party of three cashed the whole thing.  My table shared three main dishes- the tortilla soup, a shrimp and lime salad, and carnita tacos.  All were very good.  The carnitas were some of the best I had, the meat was awesomely flavorful and moist.  The shrimp were grilled just right and the salad portion was sufficiently large.  In all, we three were stuffed and happy.But we couldn't stop there- we also were talked into the homemade churros.  They come out piping hot, freshly fried, with a bowl of rich and dark dipping chocolate.  Calories be damned, because these things were worth every extra lap around the neighborhood I'll have to run to work them off.  One plate was enough to share.Mexican is plentiful around Charlotte, but well-executed Mexican that stands out from the competition is hard to find.  Luckily for Vida, I think they've done it.  Each dish was smartly prepared without being an order-by-number conglomeration that is common at most Mexican joints.  If I had one suggestion, it would be that these guys get away from the mainly traditional dishes that populate their menu and get a little more creative.  The hints of inspiration are there and the kitchen obviously knows what it is doing, so I'd like to see them find new and interesting ways to bring those flavors to the table.  In the meantime, I will return, lured back by that awesome drink.  Viva Partita!
2	Service was good.Food was bland.Drinks were good.I'd go for drinks again and appetizers only.
3	I'm typically not a fan of the food at EpiCentre, but while entertaining out of town guests I decided to organize a dinner here.The restaurant location is interesting - it faces the Ritz Carlton and has a big patio that would be fun if the weather were warmer. The bar scene looks very active and the restaurant overall has a fun, loud vibe. We were seated fairly quickly and had two waiters due to our group size. The menu is a fair amount of mexican standards along with some tex-mex and bbq thrown in. A lot of options to satisfy carnivores and vegans alike.We ordered a variety of appetizers in addition to the standard chips and salsa, which were quite good. The guac, as others have stated, was excellent and a very generous serving (easily serves 3-4). The queso is also solid.For dinner I chose the pork and green chile stew - this is a dish that I have loved ever since having it Scottsdale AZ years ago. The slow cooked pork, enveloped in a creamy green chile sauce, is just about the perfect meal (for me). This rendition was excellent and among the best I've had. The side of black bean/platain mash is also really tasty (if you ignore how it looks). Others at the table had the carne asada (thumbs up) the orange chipotle ribs (judged average) and the grilled dish (thumbs up).Overall this is a good addition to the mexican food scene in Charlotte- a notch bellow Cantina 1511, but better than the plethora of places that have opened around South Park.
4	Surprisingly good guessied-up Mexican food.  Be sure to get the tableside guacamole, which is as good as everybody says.  My entree was carne asada, which was fine and tasty, although probably not quite worth the price.  Overall, the food isn't bland-- it just tastes strongly of lime and salt and little else.
4	I really liked the atmosphere.  It's warm and inviting.  We sat at the bar and ordered the giant and I do mean giant guacamole.  It was amazing!  Such great flavor.  Do give it a try.  Don't let the $11 price tag scare you it's worth it.  Corona's at $5 a piece?  Now...that's a bit much for a Mexican restaurant.  Shouldn't that be a special. Seemed a bit pricey to me.  But overall I am a fan so I'll come back.
4	We celebrated my husband's grad school graduation here last month. I made reservations in advance for our party of 8. When the ceremony ran long, snow was falling, and traffic was miserable, I called ahead to the restaurant. The girl who answered the phone seemed genuinely happy to accommodate us 45 minutes later than planned.Upon our arrival, we were immediately seated. I had also brought along some personalized graduation cupcakes (which I'd gotten permission for in advance when making my reservations). The hostess offered to keep them in the back, in the frig if necessary, and deliver them to our table following our meal. The dessert delivery happened without me needing to remind anyone.Tableside guacamole was terrific! I've had this several other places but Vida's is the best in my opinion. The generous serving size was plenty for our table of 8. Heard nothing but positive food reviews from everyone we dined with - some got lunch, while others got brunch. Service was good. Drink refills could have been a little faster. We had two servers (one in training, perhaps?) - they were both very friendly, and offered meal suggestions.Several of us agreed we'd be back. I'd like to go back to sample one (or two!) of the many tequilas they had on their menu.My only reason for withholding the 5th star - paid parking at the EpiCentre garage.
3	Skinny margaritas here are great. I don't know what makes them skinny because they still pack a tequila punch and they taste great. The food was pretty decent too. Upscale Mexican is never my favorite. I always feel like Mexican is done best by Mexicans. Not rich white people. Don't get me wrong the food was good it's just weird to get a hundred dollar tab at a Mexican joint.
3	I ate lunch here on a Friday about 11:30 am.  I beat the lunch crowd and it wasn't very busy.  They brought over chips and salsa.  For the salsa the mix it at the table to determine the heat level.  I chose medium, which for me wasn't very spicy at all.  I ordered the the carnitas plate with green chile rice for the side.  The menu on their website says that the plates come with 2 sides, but as I tried to order  2nd side, my waiter informed me that for lunch the plats only come with one side.  OK, fine.  My food came out quickly.  The carnitas were very tender and tasty with a crisp skin.  The tortillas that came with the meal were a little dry.  The green chile rice was good.  My waiter checked back once right after I got my food, but never again until I was done with my meal.  Overall the food is very good, but a bit pricey.  The service was so-so.  Probably won't be back, but that's just my choice as I can find better places to spend my $$$.
1	I've eaten at Vida twice; once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both times were awful.  The food is just NOT good.  I go to Cantina 1511 at least  1x a month and love it. every time.Lunch - Pork Green Chili Stew - I love shredded mexican pork and green chilies but HATED this stew.  Very little flavor and the flavor it did have was awful.  Dinner - Tortilla Soup - BadSurf and Turf Tacos - I thought for sure the surf and turf tacos would be delicious....how couldn't they be??  They weren't.  The flavor of the steak and lobster was good but the tacos were dry and flavorless. I had to ask for a side of chipolte crema to make the dinner edible.  (I couldn't waste it considering I spend $24 on it) For dinner, I was with 5 other people.   Everyone thought their meal was just ok.  If you're in the mood for mexican food, go to Cantina.......or even Qdoba or Chipotle.  They don't validate parking either, in case you're wondering.
2	I am sorry but this was so disappointing.  The Wife and I went here for an early dinner during restaurant week.  Here were there good things:1. The tequila - Don Eduardo Anejo2. The Flan.............and that is itThe bad:1. Guacamole     4/10     (bland)2. Frozen margarita       1/10     (tasted like cleaning solvent)3. Steak fajitas     3/10     (cold and tough)4. Made table side guac and the waited 10 mins for chips.. hmmmThere are a lot of good reviews here so I would suggest you give it a try and see for yourself.  I will not be giving it a second chance.  I might head back there for the bar and the atmosphere in the epicenter.-Ian M.
4	Holy Guacamole I am in L-O-V-E with theirs! First off you get a ton so you wont end up with guac-envy if the table next to you hasn't finished theirs (hey it happens). Second of all it's fresh and made at your table with love - well maybe not but it really tastes that way.Next we had the garlic shrimp which was mind altering good. I could have drank the delicious sauce it was swimming in...mmm. Last we had the wild mushroom flautas which were a bit greasy and disappointing compared to the other two fabulous appetizers. I wouldn't get this next time.We had two drinks - the Sangria which was pretty delicious. It was fizzy though which I haven't experienced before- but in a good way. The agave margaritas were all natural and quite refreshing as well. We then decided to step it up a notch and have a shot of tequila (rough week!) we asked our server for a recommendation - he inquired about a price range and then came up with something that suited both our tastes and wallets. We were told they have a large selection if you're a tequila connoisseur. Our server was friendly although at times MIA- we did have to track him down for drink numero dos. He also charged my card three times ($48, $66, $75) and never told me about the two voids. The next day when I went to check my account the charges were pending so they withheld that money. A quick call to the manager and my bank took care of that. I had wished the server told me that up front. I will be going back for the guacamole and shrimp for sure. This is a great option for uptown eats albeit slightly pricey when compared to other Mexican options in the area.
4	I love and adore Vida! It is very cute and the architecture is amazing. The location is prime time as well! My fave meal is the Shrimp Quesadillas =) Yummy to my tummy. And the table side Guacamole is KILLER! I eat here at least 4 times a month. And typically it is for lunch, To-Go due to my schedule. The service is typically exceptional. I only had one bad experience where a host basically called me a liar to my face about a reservation. However, management took care of me and I am not sure what was done with her but I haven't seen her since. Go here if you want a delicious meal!
3	I've been here twice for lunch.  By far the best thing on the menu is the guacamole, which is made table-side (I realize the table-side guac thing is such a gimmick, but, like a cat to a laser pointer, I fall for it every time).  Their house salsa is pretty good, too, and can be spiced up with chipotle per your specifications. Many pluses for the warm chips, too, which they keep coming throughout your meal. During my first visit, I had the Red Chile Chicken Chopped Salad, which was pretty good.  Second time, on a friend's recommendation, I had the Carnitas Tacos but they were a miss--not served hot enough and not that flavorful. Vida is in a great location, right in the Epicenter, so seemingly accessible to everyone working in the Uptown area. The restaurant itself has a great vibe--lively but not too noisy.  I've had good service here, too. The hostesses have seated us pretty quickly even though we always come right during the lunch rush, and the table service has been good.My main issue with Vida is that, both times for lunch, I ended up dropping around $20.  I think it is the guac (the aforementioned 'best thing on the menu') that is the killer, but, nonetheless, I think that is too much to pay for lunch.  Drop the prices a bit, Vida, and I'll be back for more.
5	This is one of the times I really wish we could do half stars, cause 5 stars should only be for perfect meals and it wasn't quite there, but it was close.  A definite 4.5From reading the other reviews I kinda wonder if this is the same restaurant.  We called 45 mins in advance on restaurant week, and they said no problem.  Place was packed when we got there, but we were seated right away.  Chips, salsa, and water almost instantly.  We were obviously wanting drinks, so our waitress asked quickly, but it took us a while to decide.  She came by 3 times before we were ready.  Finally said Partita Margaritas for all.  Sweetened with agave nectar, so not too sweet and better for you.  We had the table side guac, that I thought was pretty tasty.  Was hoping for a performance or something of the sort, but was still nice.I had the tortilla soup, good, but not memorable.As per entrees.  I sat and looked at all the taco's over and over.  I wanted to do the mix and match of 3, but everybody else at the table was doing that.  Knew I could just poke at those.  I went for the Salmon with Manchamantel Sauce.  Never heard of it before, so what the hey.  The sauce was simple but spot on.  A kind of fruity puree with adobo sauce.  SPOT ON!  The salmon was tasty but a hair over salted.  No consistency between every body's sides.  Corn with queso fresco was awesome, plantains were pretty good.  Red chile rice and beans were good also.  They messed up on the cole slaw.  no papaya, very little pineapple.  Mostly just raw cabbage.  Have had better at crappy hot dog carts.  The sauteed greens were so salty there were barely edible.Then dessert, OH YEAH!  Not normally my thing, but i did the restaurant week deal and nobody else did, so figured I'd share.  Mango crisp was like grandma's apple pie with Hagen Daz ice cream.  Highly recommended.A little pricey for Mexican, but you can get out pretty cheap compared to the rest of the epicenter.  A must try if your in the area.
2	Went here for the soft opening with 5 others.  Had the guac (free, thanks to someone on the table joining the vida club or whatever before we came).  I agree with most everyone else that said that it was the best thing on the menu.  That should be sign enough to stay away, the best thing they make is something that isn't cooked and is put together table-side.  We also ordered the queso fundido as an app...it came out as pretty much a block of cheese that we had to cut into pieces and put on our flour tortillas.  The baking just made it into a globby mess.  I had the carnitas tacos which were flavorless.  I don't recall what everyone else had, but I do remember that all of us left disappointed.  Unfortunately it lived up to my expectations for an Epicentre restaurant.
4	Ate at the bar, so service was meh.  Great guacamole, chips were really salty.  Had the carnitas tacos for entree, which were good.  Surprisingly good mexican food, totally unexpected for Charlotte, NC.
1	Wow I can not believe the POOR service I received from John. This place is not worth your time it looks nice from the outside but that's it. If you want to pay for over priced Mexican than waste your money here if not go somewhere that is worth it.
4	Was in uptown Charlotte on a Sunday afternoon for a Home Improvement Showcase at the Convention Center. The showcase didn't last that long and it was a beautiful day outside, so decided to take a walk towards the Epicenter and find a place to have a late lunch. Walked up on Vida Mexican, and decided to give it a try. The restaurant was empty inside, and everyone was sitting outside because of the beautiful weather. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink while our table outside became available. I ordered a Classic Mojito which ended up being really good. I find Mojito's can either be really bad, or really good. There seems to be no in between. Once we finally got seated, our waiter brought us out some Chips and Salsa. I'm not sure what kind of salsa it was, but it was rather tasty. It definitely had a different kind of zing to it, but was enjoyable. I ended up ordering the easy and simple Chicken Tacos which used grilled red chile chicken with black bean puree with a specialty blend of cheeses, chopped cilantro and pico de gallo with a side of red chile rice. No complaint here, and they definitely hit the spot. Vida was quite enjoyable, but was rather pricey for Mexican. Its in a great location with being connected to the Epicenter though. I'm pretty sure it gets quite busy during the evenings. I definitely recommend for a nice lunch during a Saturday or Sunday afternoon if you happen to be uptown.
2	Vida is what I would consider 'All form, less substance'.  Heres why...Pros1. Great location at the Epicentre; one of the hottest spots in all of the city2. Well dressed, very attractive host staff3. Excellent interior decorations, wood flooring, and table settings4. Well trained , courteous wait staff Cons1. Premium price for average quality ingredients2. No plating whatsoever 3. Generally poor menu selection.  A lot of noise with the most basic items being their best dishes (such as the fajitas)OtherThe tableside guac I found to be a bit lacking but that may be due to the fact that everyone was hyping it so much.  To me, I would eat the guac from Cantina 1511 everyday , but this stuff did not hit the mark.  If you want a real recipe of what I do at home (and probably closer to what Cantina does) message me and I'll be happy to share it with you.I did enjoy the service and ambiance, but only went its supporting great food does it compel me to come back again.  I am at the point now where I would not actively suggest this to friends, but I would join a group if they had decided to go.  If you do decide to make the trip to uptown, I would recommend something basic as the tacos or fajitas; skip the carnitas and barbacoa at least the first time.  Hope you have a better time than me!
2	Colleague and I were immediately seated for lunch as we decided to try this new, classy looking Mexican restaurant in Epicenter. Food was not bad - I have had better Mexican food elsewhere (Texas & other restaurants in Charlotte), but Uptown Charlotte has been missing a Mexican restaurant and this probably attempts to fill that void.What ruined the experience was our waiter who probably had a hyperactivity syndrome. We quickly got tired of the "how's everything?" and "can I get you something else?" which he fired away at us every couple minutes when we were trying to hold a conversation and eat in peace. And umm, odds of me agreeing that I'm done are high when you place your hand on my plate, take it half way across the table and ask me if I'm done! We were only there about 40 minutes and we didn't see a long queue at the door either, so were quite confused at the attempt to quickly get through the diners.Overall - decent food +ADHD waiter = 2 stars. I'll have to try their tequila next time.
2	Not a fan!  I had Fajitas which had very little flavor and the tortilla chips were covered in salt.  The more outrageous part was this meal cost more than $20.  Mexican food should not cost that much, especially in Charlotte, NC.  The servers were definitely friendly, but I'm not rating the service here.  The food itself just wasn't that great.  Maybe it was an off night.  Sorry.
2	Darn it, not for me. Since the weather is starting to get warmer, an afternoon on a patio was what I needed. Remembering that Vida has a lovely patio, especially for people watching, my husband and I went there for lunch. Knowing we wanted to spend a leisurely time, I thought we'd snack on their delicious guacamole to start. I remembered from my first visit that if you sign up online for their membership program, you get the guac for free. Signed up then and there, showed my server, server asked the manager, manager said, "No." I guess when their sign says that you can experience the benefits "immediately" that means something different. Something about a number...I got a confirmation email, but no number. After my initial visit, one of their PR staff called me to figure out what went wrong, we played phone tag, but they never followed through. As you can see, this restaurant is not a good stop for me...bummer.I will say, the server we had this time around was very attentive and friendly and the hostesses were very nice too. However, the food was still mediocre. I don't know if even the patio or getting a number for the free guac can bring me back...
3	Overall good meal. Big portions and good price. I had the chicken tacos and my wife had the fish tacos. Both very good and both came with 3 tacos each and two sides. We could have shared a plate since we had the guacamole made right at the table. For sides, you must get the corn.Now the drinks were another story. My wife and her friend tried the specialty drinks with most being $10. Definitely not worth it. Food is great. Get an appetizer, split a meal and get a dessert. Good locations, staff was very friendly. Overall good meal.
3	So, the good:  Plaintain and black bean mash, lump crab nachos, skinny margarita, chipolte ribsThe bad:  Service is hit or miss, enchiladas are meh, greens are very plain.Note: The grilled corn used to be fabulous when served on the cob.  Too many people complete complained about it being messy so they now strip it from the cob.  It has lost something.  Let's worry less about being "clean" and more about good food!
4	Holy guacamole, batman! Definitely order some as it's so fresh and delicious, but keep in mind that you will receive a ridiculously large amount served with warm tortilla chips. Went last night with a group of six people and we couldn't finish the bowl, which is unprecedented.This was my second visit to Vida, and it was just as delicious as the first time. The decor is quite trendy (check out wood chunks in the floor) and the bar area is large and generally busy from just after 5 p.m. until the wee hours. There are a ton of seating options as well as an upstairs area that's great for small groups. Our server was a bit slow last night, although other servers/food runners were all over keeping our water glasses and chip bowls full. The chicken and corn enchiladas, garlic shrimp quesadillas, and chicken tacos ordered at our table were all very good. And the plantains are a must have if you're a fan. Keep in mind that portion sizes are humongous, so you may want to share. And for beverages, there is a full bar, multiple beer and wine choices, and skinny margaritas or sangria for those who would like a specialty drink.Uptown needed a solid Mexican option, and Vida has definitely fit the bill. Salud!
3	This place is trendy and has a decent atmosphere if you care about that...The best thing was the Guacamole.  It was fresh and there was plenty of it so that was a plus.The entrees were over-priced and bland at best.  I ordered the marinated shrimp tacos and it looked and tasted like cocktail shrimp, just a bit warmer...every other flavor blended together.  We had a party of 6 and none of us enjoyed our meals.  Everyone had the same feedback..:"it was bland."  If you go to a Mexican restaurant you expect the flavors to POP!  This is NOT traditional mexican--obviously--and the only way you would even know it was supposed to be a mexican restaurant is because they serve chips and salsa.The service was not that great and it felt rushed, especially as it started to get more crowded.  They just seemed unorganized.  The thing that annoyed me about this "nicer" restaurant is that after taking two bites of my shrimp cocktail taco, I put it down and didn't touch the rest on my plate.  I did eat the refried blacked beans and they were pretty yummy...but other than that--my plate looked untouched.  As a waiter, you should realize that someone didn't touch their food and ask if everything is okay--I was a waitress for several years and that is just basic server 101.  If you care at all about repeat customers and their opinions then you need to take notice if they didn't eat their meal...at least ASK if everything is okay.  I'm not saying he had to comp the meal or anything like that but to just act oblivious is also just ridiculous.There are soooo many amazing mexican restaurants that are more affordable, half the drama, and way more authentic.  Save your money and go somewhere else.
2	I would give this 1 star, but the manager earned a star for how she handled the situation.  I had been excited to eat at Vida since I first saw the sign that it was opening in the Epicenter.  The decor was nice and roomy, but that's pretty much it.  I can't review the table-side guacamole because they never made mine at my table.  They just threw it on my table and walked off.  It was good though.  My waiter was rude and he got my order wrong (as in he brought me the wrong thing).  By the time I had sent back my food and got the correct item, I wasn't hungry anymore, so I got it to go.  The waiter never returned to give us our check so we had to go to the manager.  What infuriated me was that there were only two couples eating in the entire restaurant and my waiter had both.  We sat first.  The waiter came up and just asked us "whatcha ya want" while I heard him give this professional and pre-scripted greeting to the other couple offering them specials and explaining their unique drinks and their most popular foods.  When I asked about the menu I got "the highlighted stuff is the most popular" in an annoyed tone.  I couldn't help but wonder if it was because they were an older couple and we were younger (my god, I'm 30!) and he thought they would tip better.  After sitting for over 20 minutes waiting for him to return, I finally got the manager.  I asked if I could please have my food that I had ordered in a to-go box, my check, and explained the inadequacies of our waiter.  She did comp our meal, which I thought was very gracious of her considering we had not asked and the restaurant is rather expensive.  After we left, a bus boy came chasing after us and asked us to come back in because the manager had one more thing for us.  The manager also gave us a $20 gift card to come back.  I'll be honest, if I had not gotten the gift card, I would not go back.  Even with the gift card, I'm still hesitant to go back there.  But kudos to a good manager, and shame on you server.  And he wasn't some teenager either, he was in his 40's.
1	I really love Mexican food. And the thought of having a place within walking distance of my home was a dream come true. Something I felt like Charlotte was really missing. I have visited Vida a handful of times within the last few months and the last two times have been pretty terrible.The first of my two bad experiences was with my mom. We decided to eat at Vida on a Wednesday evening around 7pm. We were taken to the bar area and promptly thrown menus before the hostess/server took off. We wanted to ask if there was a way to sit in the dining room instead of the bar since two huge office parties were enjoying happy hour and the music was too loud for any decent conversation (With Mom, you want to be able to converse!) We had water and salsa delivered (well, thrown at us) and at that point, moving tables just seemed like a bigger deal than it should be. Our server really seemed disinterested and due to that, I only ordered one drink (We stopped off at Wooden Vine for our night cap). All in all, not a spectacular show for the staff but the food was decent. I've always thought a lot of the menu was just like Cantina 1511. My second bad experience happened just this past week, during a certain Mexican celebration. We went out for drinks and dinner with friends and were seated on the patio. Like any big group, things were rowdy and yes, I'm sure we were being obnoxious (What can you say? AA5 was going on and it was a loud, busy night). The GM walked over and scolded us like 5 year olds. I have no problem with him saying "Hey, have a good time, that's what we want, just take it down a notch, cool?" He actually said "I have the authority to remove this group from the premises" Really? He then proceeded to tell one person in our group that this establishment didn't need our money. No problem, Vida. I won't be spending my hard earned money with you anymore. After he scurried off, he had the server, who had no idea we even were scolded, hand off our checks. She double charged one person and lost another's' debit card. I would say it's a pretty big deal to lose a debit card around the Epicenter area. All in all, food is decent. Guac is awesome. Staff is for the most part a complete joke and I have no problem taking my business elsewhere. I guess Vida is "recession-proof." Good for them.
5	Sooooooo yummy! Their carne asada is amazing and the carne asada tacos are pobably one of the best tacos ive had in the usa. Their deserts are not as great. Ive had the flan and the tres leches.
3	The food isn't bad at all. But, the cocktails are a bit..what's the scientific term...'meh'.
4	First off, love the decor here! It's not a very typical Mexican decor but more along the trendy side of the tracks, which I am perfectly OK with.  I mean once you've seen one sombrero hanging on the wall, you've seen the all right?I had the Mexican Cobb Salad and it was really good and not all together that different from a Cobb salad you would get at a non-mexican restaurant honestly.  Looking back I wish I would have gotten something more authentic but meh....maybe next time.Service was great, very attentive and polite.  The bar area (although unvisited by me, other than to say hello to a friend) seemed really cool and looked like a great spot for an after work cocktail or two.  The location of this place lends itself to a great social setting given the perfect location of the patio.  It's right at the heart of the Epicentre and so people watching (my favorite sport) is pretty fantastic here.
2	A friend and I came here for a "ladies who lunch" catch up session a while back. Not great, and here's why.  The waiter, while he was very attentive, couldn't pick up on the vibe that my friend and I were trying to cram 6 months of stories from not seeing each other into one hour and a half lunch.  He just kept asking us personal questions and talking to us. If you're looking for that sort of interaction, that's fine, but when you come to the table and we haven't even opened our menus to look at anything because we've been talking the whole time, I think that's a hint that we can cut down on the chitchat.  The queso appetizer was gross. When I get queso, I expect a creamy, cheesy, DIPPABLE sauce.  This was none of those things. Very hard to eat, the taste was ok, but it was not what I expected. I had some fish tacos, and they were very... meh, as the kids say these days.  And for the price?  I'll probably never go back there, there are SO MANY other great Mexican restaurants around.
5	I gave Vida 5 stars because I really can't remember any bad experiences I have had here. It's in a great busy uptown location in the Epicenter and has a great patio. Their patio overlooks the busy intersection of Trade and College and if you sit outside on a nice day, you will definitely get lots of people-watching action. The inside decor of the restaurant is modern and fun, while the music is always upbeat but not too loud. I have sat in a booth and have also sat in the bar area as well as upstairs. If you have a choice, sit downstairs as there is not much going on upstairs. That area is mainly used for private events and opens up on the busier nights to overflow. Insider tip: Ladies, if you wear heels here, be very cautious! The weird tree-ring like floor and stairs that lead to the upper seating area are extremely slippery! Each time I wear heels in this place, I think I may cause a scene if I eat it.. but thankfully, I don't. I have enjoyed a couple cocktails here with dinner and I would have to say that the flavored margaritas are my favorite. I have had a regular margarita, as well as their famous "Skinny Margarita" and I still would go with a flavored variety, but that may be because I am not a huge tequila fan to begin with. Only downside of their liquor is that it is a little expensive. You will easily pay $10 for a specialty drink.. but when in uptown... When this place first opened I heard a few people comment that it was too expensive, but I really don't think that is the case. I think the drinks are expensive but the food is not. You could score an app for about $8 and an entree easily under $15 and they are a good size! So if you are on more of a budget, try their drink specials, grab a beer or just stick to their yummy food. My suggestions for food: You have to order the table side guacamole! It is made at the table for you if you sit in an area where those guacamole-making-carts can fit. They now offer 2 different sizes of guacamole, which is good because while on a date after they first opened, we were served guac made with like 4 avocados or something crazy! So make sure to specify that you want the small helping if you are only dining for two. Everything else I have had has been very delicious. The fare is new-Mexican style and tastes very fresh. Nothing tasted old or too heavy. I believe I have had certain types of tacos several times and enjoyed them each time. (I am usually too stuffed to go for a huge meal after all that guacamole and a drink or two.) I also have shared the quesadillas before and they were yum as well. The service at Vida has always been speedy and attentive. I know a couple people who work here and they seem to enjoy it. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. I once projected an entire champagne flute-full of Prosecco across the bar (I may have had a couple drinks before that particular one as well...) and the bartender just smiled and helped me clean up my mess. Thanks for that! =) Parking is in the Epicenter garage (which is ridiculously expensive) and I am pretty sure that Vida cannot validate parking. If you live close enough to walk here, then do that. If you have family visiting and would like to make a nice day of the Epicenter or uptown, I would suggest picking this spot for a fun and enjoyable treat. This is also a good casual date spot! It is nice to have a fresh, new Mexican joint with delicious food so close to us that live in Uptown!
1	I've had YELP for a very long time and I've never written a review. However, my experience was so horrible that I had to write my first one. I want to make sure nobody comes here and wastes their money. The only thing good about this place is their location and their patio. The food runs anywhere from $9-13 for three tacos and two measly sides. The night was very nice, so we decided to check out VIDA and sit on the patio. The busy intersection is nice and excellent back drop. We placed our orders and thought the food would be excellent, especially at prices of $9-13 for tacos. Well the fish tacos had fried fish that seems like something from a cafeteria, and the steak tacos had two very small pieces of steak and was extremely greasy. I literally felt like I was robbed. DO NOT waste your money here. Only go here for the Monday night drink specials. Tacobell's food A+ compared to VIDA.
3	You are paying for the location here.  Patio - adorable.  But the whole restaurant is understaffed and the food is WAY overpriced.  It is a funky atmosphere with a cool upstairs hangout.  We had the 'nothing is in here' tacos and margaritas.  The margaritas were very strong yay!  Made up for the crappy food and crappy service.  Ya will only drink here in the future....Loco Lime for better and more reasonably priced Mexican!!
4	Food was amazing, guacamole was the shit. Cooks get behind. Appetizer came after dinner
3	You are definately paying for the atmosphere and location as other poeple have said. This is a great hang out spot. Specially for someone who enjoys tequila's because they have a ton of tequila's. The food I found to be a little off for the most part. At first I thought maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, then other people said their food was not very good either. I would give their guac a 5 our of 5. The queso a 1 out of 5. It was horrible. Out of a group of about 10 it was barely touched. Usually queso get demolished at any mexican restaurant and your asking for more chips to finish it off. Not the case here unfortunately. I had their barbacoa for my entree. Im not really sure how the barbocoa actually is because it was drenched in their barbeque sauce. The sauce was not very good unfortunately. I did think that the servers and the drinks were real good.
3	Food here is ok. Balcony seats are nice. Had the shrimp and crab nachos, they were good. Ordered the surf and turf tacos...sounded good but were no good. Great tequila selection and margaritas
4	The Guacamole here is amazing! It is made table side from fresh ingredients.. definitely the best thing on the menu! The portions are huge so order accordingly.
5	5/5 stars for sure- great food, even better service. Had the mushroom flautas as an appetizer, which was awesome. John, our waiter who was GREAT, brought us salsa and chips that were really fresh and still warm- YUM. I had the grilled shrimp tacos as the main entree and they were alright. I think the main reason why I'm giving Vida five stars is because of the service: we were waiting for a friend who ended up not arriving until after closing (10 PM). We didn't know that she would also be bringing two more people with her. John gave us no problem at all. He was very courteous even though we ended up staying until past 11 PM. Overall, it was a great first experience here! I would definitely recommend it.
4	Great "modern mexican" place.  Don't go here looking for anything authentic.  It is certainly on the pricier side of mexican food, but it is fairly priced for what it is.  We ate here late on a Saturday night and got the "front and center" outdoor table.  We had a blast, as the people watching on a nice night is outstanding (WHERE do all of these crazies come from, really!!??)So long as you know what you are walking into here, you'll have a great experience.
3	Freezing cold, first off, which I hate.  A group of girls going for a lunch outing, getting out of the already freezing cold office, we DO NOT like this!!!  When I ask for a table they ALWAYS say did you make a reservation, if I made a reservation I would have said, I have a reservation under so and so.  They act as if the restaurant is SOO packed, not any more packed than any other restaurant at lunch hour in uptown Charlotte.  The cheese dip is HORRIBLE, it's like the cheese dip that comes on top of onion soup, I don't want to cut my cheese dip with a knife, it's called dip..I really don't have a favorite entree, I have had multiple items there because I am agreeable to go with other coworkers.  I have gone for HH with friends and the wine and drinks are good.  I always love their guacamole.  Service is good.  Prices are too high.   Would go for HH if invited by others or for a lunch outing if I have my scarf and gloves.
4	Yes, the food is pricey and you can find something similar or better for half the price in Starmount. But hello, this is the Epicenter and you are paying for the ambiance and the pretty crowd. I have enjoyed everything so far . . . the red sangria, shrimp tacos, this awesome pork stew thing, and even the chips and salsa.
1	Our waitress was pleasant and attentive, and the decor is nice, but the food is TERRIBLE.  The guacamole is fine, but the  tomatoes seem to have been bought prechopped in giant bags  from a mega food service company.  I ordered the mushroom enchiladas which has NO chile sauce and seemed as if they had been warmed in a microwave.  They were dry and flavorless and the mushrooms were room temperature, as if they had been cooked the day before and reheated.  The "papaya-pineapple coleslaw"  had no papaya and no dressing -- just dry cabbage with some shredded cilantro, a few cubes of jicama that tasted like the back of the fridge, and some sad pineapple.   My daughter, who is six, methodically picked the chicken off of her taco because it was so tough and dry that she couldn't eat it.  My husband got a vegetarian entree with black beans which was underseasoned and flavorless and which featured mostly those dreaded , bland, pre-diced tomatoes.  Had we not been the guest of a friend and on a tight schedule I would have sent most of our food back.  Don't waste your money here.  I've eaten in many upscale Mexican restaurants as well as in numerous little family run places in Mexico.  This food is not Mexican, and it's barely edible.
4	Black bean mash, tortilla pie, poblano cream sauce- oh my!  I came here for a recruiting dinner and I'm thinking (and hoping) that the wonderful food served here got us our recruits!  This is the perfect spot for business and pleasure alike.  However, I am not too fond of the smell of the restaurant.  It almost smells like a strong cleaning agent and kinda chips away at the appetite.  Since there are plenty of seating available outside, along with a wonderful view of uptown Charlotte, this isn't too big of an issue on a good day.
4	Guacamole starters??? Bliss!! Great setting and the staff are tremendous. OK I suppose I better review the food...Outstanding would not be an understatement.
4	A Mexican restaurant's quality is ONLY as good as it's TEQUILA and its GUACAMOLE. I can safely say that Vida has executed both in stunning fashion, but the prices still don't justify what you're getting. The Positives:The restaurant has an incredible range of tequilas that are delicious on their own or mixed in any one of their lip smacking margaritas. Grande Guacamole comes in a traditional stone mortar which they then prepare in front of you with fresh avocados, lime juice, tomato, and onion. I do love my guac, but Is it worth $10? I'm not so sure about that. The staff are also friendly and fun to talk to. Your food comes out promptly and cooked well. You even have the option to get it to go! Lighting is dark and atmosphere reminds me of a lounge where you go for happy hour. They have an upstairs area, a larger seating area, and a bar with surrounding high top tables. Colors are vibrant and I'm assuming are intended to evoke the "life" the restaurant bears as its name. The Cons:Many of the menu items will cost you more than $15... even $20 for 5 pieces of shrimp, "yea but they're five really good pieces" the waitress assures me. And even if the tacos are cheaper, they're not the best items this place offers. The skirt steak and enchiladas have potential and of course their plantains are the best in Charlotte. I wasn't impressed by any of the other sides and I think that the pineapple coleslaw needs work. What they have mastered however, is the flavors in each dish. I'm not Mexican (even if i might look like it), but it all tastes and looks authentic to me. And by Mexican, I mean they use cilantro haha :PI just think there's something missing from this restaurant that would make it a 5, but its not terrible enough to be a 3. You'll have a good time and eat some nice food, but you'll forget it the day after tomorrow :/4/5
5	Great twist on Mexican!  The grilled corn side is amazing!  I will be back!
4	Had a departing dinner here with some friends, and we had a blast. The margaritas helped that happen as did the cool atmosphere. Even though it wasn't crowded at all (Sunday night) it was still great. The food was delicious and I highly recommend the black bean/plantain mash. I may want to learn how to make that one day. The guacamole was great as well. (and yes, some places do manage to screw this up!!) I'd go back.
4	I'm still rating this retaurant a 4 star for previously mentioned reasons, but tonight I just sampled the Chicken Tinga entree, which was absolutely delicious and deserved a shoutout. It's definitely one their most flavorful dishes on the menu. The chorizo adds a whole new depth of flavor and every now and then you get that hint of cilantro which meshes well with the tomato-based background. I'm eating it right now and it may well become a go-to item whenever I come here.
3	Overall this place didn't knock my socks off (or my husband, Dad or Mom), but I would say you could definitely do worse in the area.  Cocktails were strong & tasty (liked that they had low cal & low sugar options on the margarita menu), service was very good, food was ok.  My husband tried the black bean plantain mash based on yelp reviews.  It was a little too sweet for the dish that he ordered.  Maybe if you ordered something very spicy & salty it would be a nice accent.  He & Dad had the tacos carnitas, and Mom had shrimp tacos. All said it was ok.I had the cabo salad & felt there should have been more veggies (quantity wise) in the salad. I am wasn't expecting it to overpower or equal the greens, but the avocado, beans & corn felt a little stingy portion-wise vs. the greens.Wished I would have remembered there was a restaurant at the Mint museum that we could have tried...next time
4	We visited Vida for the first time this past Saturday.  I made my reservations through OpenTable.com on Friday.  Saturday afternoon while I was at work, I received a voicemail from the restaurant asking that I call them back to confirm my reservation.  Naturally, I didn't get the message until 6:30 p.m.   I understand they want to ensure that they're not holding reservations for people who aren't going to show, but I like to use the online service so I don't *have* to call.  Otherwise, I'd just call to begin with, wouldn't I?I never did call to confirm but we arrived 15 minutes ahead of our reservation time.  They still had our reservation and even seated us immediately!  We were very impressed.  Someone brought us the traditional complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa was delicious!  It had a unique flavor to it.  I think it may have been chargrilled?I was happy to see that the menu items (drinks and entrees) were reasonably priced considering the restaurant's prime location in the Epicentre in Uptown Charlotte.  There were three different entrees that jumped out at and appealed to me (that's always a good sign for a restaurant!).  I opted for the Green Chile Brisket Tacos.   There were three tacos (more than plenty!).  Additionally, Vida offers you your choice of two side items.  I was very happy to see such unique choices on the side item menu.  Wanting to try something different, I chose the (1) ripe plantain and black bean mash and (2) grilled corn with queso fresco.  The corn was delicious; the mash was just okay.  It was a weird combination, and I think I should have just gotten one or the other by themselves.  My partner ordered the one thing on the menu that first jumped out at me:  Tortilla Pie with Poblano Cream Sauce.   I was thinking about ordering that without the listed mushrooms.  It's a good thing I didn't, because it was basically ALL mushrooms and I would have been left with just a couple of sad-looking tortillas.  If you love mushrooms, *that's* the dish for you.  It was a tortilla with layer upon layer of mushroom filling topped with another tortilla and then smothered with melted cheese.   It looked good, but wasn't for the mushroom-hater in me.  The service was great and we were in and out of there quickly, with a lot of extra time before the movie we were going to see.  The interior of the restaurant was nice, too.  It had a modern look to it; nothing "Mexican" about it.   I'd definitely return.
2	I'm going to have to be honest on this one, not a huge fan.  My husband and I had our rehearsal dinner here as we were looking for a cool place that would be low key.  The lady we coordinated with told us we would have a certain amount of tables in the upstairs loft.  With 50 guests, they sat up 4 tables.  It was a bit awkward with everyone standing.  The bar upstairs was fun though, all of our younger guests really enjoyed it.  I would recommend this for lunch or dinner, but do not throw a party here.
2	Against my better judgment I decided to give Vida a try......I had heard and read mixed reviews and that alone usually will keep me away, but I was advised to try a specific dish.  The service was spot on and I had high hopes but after receiving my 'lump' crab nachos my whole attitude changed.  There were 8 pieces of individual nachos buried in cheese and little else.......hmmm $12 bucks for 8 pieces of baked cheese nachos?  I gave it a try and all I tasted was cheese and grease...no black beans, no crab....cheese.  I thought perhaps they had given me the wrong order so I peeled back a glob of cheese from one of the 8 pieces in search of 'lump' crab to find little bits of crab.  Ok, my bad.......that's what I get for going against my better judgment so I took a L on this one as I had promised myself not to bother with this place......
5	I've only been there once while in town for a conference, but MAN OH MAN was Vida ever delicious. I was with a group of 7 and expected sub-par service with such a large group, but our waiter was on point and very responsive. The chips & salsa and guac weren't anything earthshattering but better than your average Mexican dive restaurant. The entrees really brought down the house. I had just the simple tacos and was blown away. The tortillas were just ever so slightly cripsy, light, and very very fresh tasting. I generally hate when beans and rice get together (and they were definitely frolicking together on my plate), but the black beans were seasoned just perfectly and made a great complement to the meal.
2	I want to like this place, so I gave it a second try.  Still a Meh.  The food was ok, pricing was a bit better since they have a pick 2 for 8.99 lunch special, but the service was bad (I think they had 2 waitstaff people for I'd say probably 20-25 tables outside - all filled with lunch crowd folks), and the only saving grace was that it was nice outside and we sat out on the patio and enjoyed the weather and people watching.  It was so very average, which is a pity because when deciding on a "lunch train" destination, it was the only sit-down mexican restaurant in walking distance from 2WFC.
4	Nice atmosphere, service and food. It is not the most authenic Mexican I have eaten but it is pretty darn good. Their chips were fresh, light, crispy and not too much salt. Their salsa was not spicy but it was packed with flavor. I ordered a dinner combo that came with three different kinds of enchiladas and rice topped with black beans. The star of the dish was the rice topped with black beans. I could eat that all day long if I could. The enchiladas were OK. They didn't look anything like how I pictured it in my head when I read the description on the menu. I finshed only half of each enchilda. For my drink I had a flavored mojito. It was strong and not too sweet. If you like that sort of drink the mojito is for you. As for me, I lean towards the sweeter side so it could have used a little more simple syrup. For dessert, I had to take it to go because I was so full. I wanted the creme brulee but the waitress said it wouldn't pack well. So I ordered the banana tres leches cake. Oh my lawdy! When I opened the container I was looking for bananas. Where were the bananas? It was soft, moist (as it should be) and was dripping nwith all the yummy goodness of all the three milks in my to-go container. It was topped with whipped cream and three different berries but the cake tasted like banana. There's the banana. It must have been a banana liquer that they put in it. It so darn good, ya'll.
4	Chips, Salsa, CLUBBING.Well, not really.  But almost.We walked past two ladies taking some serious booty pictures by the door as we were walking in.  Yes, they were literally pulling their pants up high (way over the butt makes the best booty pictures?) and posing.  Mmmmhhhmmm.Walking in the door I was hit in the face with the Manhattan club scene - Sean Paul was blasting and I could barely hear the hostess over the music and the people.  I'm good with that - I've been to plenty of Mexican restaurants that play authentic Mexican-style music, but I say there's nothing wrong with a little dance dance music while you taco up the night.We opted for guacamole to start, which wasn't quite table side - we got a bowl of pre-chopped avocado mix with another bowl of chopped cilantro, onions, and tomatoes that was mixed in by the guy that brought it over.  Table side or not, it was still pretty good.The thing that stood out to me the most was the salsa - we pretty much drank the stuff.  It was super smooth, and had the perfect mix of cilantro and onions.  It was the closest thing to my favorite salsa ever, handcrafted by La Carreta in Nashua, NH.  So now I can say my two favorite salsas can be found in New Hampshire and North Carolina, two places which fail to share a boarder with Mexico and probably wouldn't pop into your mind if you were asked to "name states that makes the best salsa."  So far - NH, NC.  Boom.  There it is.For food, we both opted for some type of taco, one with beef and one with chicken.  They came on a not quiet hard shell not quiet soft shell briefly fried taco deal, which was actually pretty good.  It was crunchy but still foldable.We left full, happy, and after a day's worth of driving causing what might be referred to as mild dehydration (mixed with exhaustion)....a little tipsy (let's call it SUPER relaxed) after the second round of house margaritas, rocks, no salt.
4	Great location.  The shrimp tacos and tuna tacos are outstanding.  The guac is great and the outdoor seating is a prime spot in uptown.  Yummy.
3	We went to Vida for a ladies dinner on a weeknight.  The service was very prompt and we were seated on the patio...fantastic view.Vida was spot on with some things and mediocre with others.  Our server John was wonderful.  Extremely friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu and drink offerings, he made great recommendations.  He knew all of the upcoming events going on and I will definitely request his section next time we come back.  In terms of the drinks, they had a great specialty drink list and an impressive variety of tequilas.  I had a melon mojito that was pretty good...not exceptional but definitely worth ordering another.  The chips and salsa are good...but definitely enhanced by the queso dip.  It was very very different from the quesos I've had at other Mexican-styled restaurants...and that was a great thing.  It was spicy and had different flavors in there I couldn't put my finger on...but it was delicious.I had the chicken taquitos...which were pretty bland.  Maybe I just picked a bad dish, but as a taquito expert I was not very impressed.  The chicken was bland and the queso fresco scarce.  I will not be ordering those again.  The rice was good but nothing to write home about either.  Despite some of the let downs with the entrees I will definitely be going back.  The location and patio make it a top pick for happy hour drinks and the service is spectacular.  Hopefully I will be able to retract my current review on the food next time we go!
4	We came here the other night to just grab a round of drinks before we headed to dinner at a different place - but after 1 hour, 1 pitcher of sangria, and 4 mojitos - we were hooked. Not sure if it was the drinks or the addicting chips and salsa they kept feeding us. Either way - we ended up spending close to another 2 hours drinking and eating. For dinner I would recommend the chicken and shrimp fajita. It's delicious and serves enough food for two! Oh and love the atmosphere....and the music!
2	Great location. Cool vibe. Attentive service. . .and, sadly, that's it. We had been looking forward to trying this place for quite some time since we have seen it front center at the EpiCentre.  We finally got the chance and were completely underwhelmed.  First we started with some margaritas--these should be an easy way to please anyone. They weren't.   The skinny margarita was just awful and I've had some good ones at other places in town (such as 1900 Mexican Grill which has a fantastic one). The regular margarita was just passable.  Perhaps the premium margaritas ones are better but I suspect we won't be back to try again.The chips and salsa were really quite good.   After devouring 2 bowls of chips because they were so good we  figured the food would dazzle us.  We could not decide among all of the delicious offerings so tried 2 of the combo platters to try a good variety of the food.  They were chock full of good quality ingredients (crab, shrimp, fish, avocados) but somehow were rendered almost tasteless. Nothing stood out, except for the fact that the soft corn tortillas were greasy. The food at a casual burrito shop is easily more pleasing.  In college I worked in an average Mexican restaurant and the entrees here didn't even come close. The banana tres leches cake for dessert was intensely flavored (nice change from the bland meal) but really good (if you don't fear banana flavor). It isn't a traditional tres leches so the waiter tried to steer us away from it.  I understand why, but it was very good and potent.All in all this was a disappointment (chips, salsa and dessert excepted) and we love Mexican food. Not sure if we'd waste the calories on another try when there are so many other Mexican options in the Queen City.  That's too bad because the location is great and there aren't any other Mexican places uptown.
2	Disappointing.  After reading the positive reviews,  we gave Vida a try for dinner.  I agree with another reviewer that it was subpar.  Better choices are out there
4	Great atmosphere. I love sitting on the patio on a nice day and the bar is lively. Lots of variety in terms of tequila, and the food is reliable. My regular choices are the ceviche and the salad with shrimp. I love their salsa also.
3	Went here on Friday night with my sister and hubby. I would like to give it more stars but as we just sat outside on the deck to people watch and have drinks and free chips and salsa I feel bad giving it more than three stars. 5 stars for great location, in the sun, plentiful outdoor seating for the area, great chips and salsa, food that came to nearby tables looked great and seemed to be finished by other diners, and the drinks were good. I got a Coronagita (SP?? basically a maragarita with a corona tipped over in it) $7. hit the spot. Sister got a couple of margaritas and hubby got a Dos Equis. Would go back for food for sure.
2	Sorry this place had so much promise but did not deliver.  Walking by, I saw the same kind of custom guacamole bowls that I experienced at Cantina Laredo in Nashville, TN.  The guac was excellent and the highlight of the meal.  I thought I would try something different and that was a mistake - I had the Carnitas, and found them almost impossible to eat.  Every bite had sharp edges that cut like a knife, and the meat underneath was very dry.  I'll probably go back so I can update my review, but next time it will be something different.
4	Love their Saturday and Sunday brunch menu. I like the chorizo tacos the best, comes with jalapeno home fries and FRESH fruit. Ask them to double up on the corn tortillas otherwise the chorizo juice will tear right through the one tortilla shell. And order the spicier salsa. So good.
2	Really Charlotte?  This your version of Mexican food?  This place besides being in the heart of Charlotte isn't that great.  The food is a cut below a fast food Mexican joint.  The outside part is nice and there are some good things like the sangria drinks but that is about all folks.  If you are there to chill outside for drinks and maybe some apps this is a three star.
3	Came to Charlotte on a business trip and decided to try this place since it was conveniently across the street to my hotel. It was a nice restaurant and seems like a good happy hour spot since it has an outdoor area that faces the street. I was disappointed that with only 4 strict combo options that you aren't able to substitute any of the items. I decided to go with the combo that had a carne asada taco, chicken taco and pork avocado enchilada. The tacos were really tasty but really greasy. The enchilada had a cinnamon flavor which I thought was weird; not bad, just different. The margarita was ok; nothing too exciting. I was surprised that the service wasn't better since it seemed like a light day.
4	I came here as an out-of-towner, looking for a place to sit in the shade and have a cold drink on a ridiculously hot afternoon.  The staff was upbeat and attentive, the patio wasn't too crowded, and the music was...interesting.  (I was psyched to hear Maxwell's "Ascension", but not so psyched about the mash-up of "D.A.R.E." and "Big Time" by Peter Gabriel.)  The Partita margaritas were solid, and there was no one breathing down my neck as I sat there and read for 1.5 hours.  Might have gotten five stars if the waitress hadn't kept on calling me "Ma'am" -- I'm only 28, damn it!
2	The beer selection is crap. The food is pricey ($8 for guac? Really?). There are better places to spend your time & money.
3	I ate here twice during a conference. After my first experience I would not have chosen to return, but we had a big group, and I was more interested in being with friends than pushing restaurant choice. I judge Mexican places on four basics: guacamole, tacos, salsa, and margaritas. I set out to give Vida two stars, but had to bump it up to three when I realized that the only terrible thing out of these four was the tacos. But the tacos were bad. So bad. If I cannot finish a taco? Bad. The salsa and guacamole were fair. The margaritas were excellent., especially the pomegranate variety (but $11? Really? Stupid.) The ceviche was not good, and was also not technically ceviche. I don't know what the sauce was they drenched it in, but ease up there, chief. Simple: lime, garlic, a little spice -- that's all you need. Not whatever the red stuff was. Ick. I also tried tortilla soup on the lunch visit, and didn't care for that either. The service was accommodating both times, especially for our large dinner group, so that also ranks the extra star. But really, in my heart, it's two for a bad taco.
2	I'm staying at the omni hotel next door to this place and decided to give it a try.  I walked in and placed a to go order.  After waiting around outside for about 10 minutes, I came back in to see a bag waiting on the back of the greeter's station.  I nodded at the lady who took my order and she smiled back at me.  Then I sat at the bar - assuming the mystery back was some other lucky diner's property.  Three ladies and a man stood idly by at the greeter's station as I waited at the bar. The restless employees chatted, and hopped around looking alternatively interested in each other or just completely bored.  One, then two bartenders asked if I needed a drink.  I said "no, I'm just waiting for a to go order,"  as the girl who placed my order twisted her hair and batted eyelashes with a fellow employee.  After about 5 minutes of hair twisting, eyelash batting and what might have been the prologue scenes of a poorly acted porn, she looked at the bag behind her, pulled it from the shelf and examined the ticket.  Then she looked directly at me.  I hopped down from my barstool and came to get the bag: "That's mine? Really?"  "Yes!" she said in a chipper voice, acting as if the kitchen was super quick.  "Wow, because the four of you have just been sitting there chatting and having such a grand old time - I figured that bag had been waiting for someone else. It's been up there forever."  Stunned, her mouth was agape. I took the bag and looked at her sincerely: "You're doing a great job!"Ugh.On to the food: I had the ceviche cocktail which was properly cold and spiced nicely but a little oversauced. Raw jalapenos would be a nice addition, but with the volume of sauce you can't taste the seafood.My to-go order was well-packaged and labeled - and included a generous portion of chips & salsa.  The chips were "so so" regular fare: nothing special - not thin, but not too thick. They could easily be a bulk food purchase. I'd be surprised if they were house made.  The plasticware included one bunched up undersized napkin and exactly one salt and pepper packet - just like your average airline.  Two sets were oddly included in the bag.While the ceviche was at a reasonable temperature, the Chicken Tinga was not.  The over-easy egg atop the chicken was a congealed mess by the time I opened the container and the rice was tepid.  Again - the sauce was everywhere.  Nice flavor but EVERYWHERE.  I didn't know chicken could swim.  The 4-5 presliced pieces of chicken breast were drowning in a lovely and flavorful sauce.  It was like eating one of those frozen nuke meals with slightly nicer spices. Chicken Tenga is usually done with shredded chicken - much like carnitas.The rice was cold and flavorless as was the grill-marked flour tortilla served with the meal.This might be a hip and trendy atmosphere and a nice bar, but the food and service leave a lot to be desired.I would have rated only one star, but just the idea of some of the food items - even if poorly executed - is worthy of an extra.  Good luck on the porno-bound service staff.  It will be a sweet trick if this lasts more than a year.
4	I grew up on the Texas border and decided to give a Taco place in Charlotte a shot. Had the carne asada tacos on corn and they were great. Slightly greasy corn tort is just right! Good service too.
5	Taco Sociale Tuesdays. I shouldn't have to say anything else. $2 tacos, $3 modelo and great service - at EpicentreThere are other great specials on other days that in combination with other nearby events and specials make Vida the perfect start to any Uptown Charlotte evening. I don't too much care for the chips, but the salsa is nice. The tacos were.... tacos.... so yeah... that.There's a patio. It's awesome. you can sit on it and people watch quite effectively. I recommend it. And coronaritas.
1	Do not go there if you have a child that needs high chair. They made us wait for over 30 mins and then came back and said it will be another 30 mins to seat us. They only have a few tables at the back that they can use with a high chair. Some bs about fire code. Never had the same experience at any other place in Charlotte.
5	My husband and I go here often for drinks and apps. The margaritas are so yummy! The service is always great, and the food is too!  We finally had dinner here for the first time and it was a great experience.  We both got burritos and loved them.  We also ordered the triple guacamole app ( its 3 different kinds of guac) & it was delicious.  We like the location too-espcially when its nice enough to sit outside.
4	We had a great time at Vida we frequently eat here it's a great location with a lot of traffic. The service food,bar scene, and the mixed drinks are really good. The main types of food are Mexican with an American twist.
4	Great food, good service & loved the tequila selection.  Just wish we had ordered a little less, portions were very generous.
5	My fave mexican place anywhere. Food typically very very good, they have a plantain and black bean mash that is to die for. When in Charlotte, i usually find myself here multiple times during my stay. Prices very reasonable. Agree  with one reviewer... not a fan of the chips, but the salsa is amazing. Isn't it always that way... can never got both :-)
2	First, I walked in with my husband and three 11 year olds, and the hostess asked me if I had a reservation.  ???? For a Mexican Restaurant ????  We had just attended the International Festival, and wanted to treat our children to a trip downtown for dinner.  We chose this because most kids like Mexican food, it was convenient to the parking garage, and we were trying to beat the convention crowd.  We ordered cheese dip, and none of my children liked it because it had a "meat flavor" - ham I think - YUCK!  Secondly, the hostess said they didn't have a children's menu printed, but had one that the waitress could tell us about.  Our waitress didn't know anything about it.  She told us that our children would have to order off the menu.  They only wanted a chicken enchilada, and a cheese enchilada - but this kitchen/cantina would not prepare it.  My daughter was in tears because there was nothing she could eat.!  When I ordered, I tried to order a bean quesadilla, but the waitress said I couldn't, that beans came on the side, so I said okay, and ordered chicken in the quesadilla.  She then told me "You also get two sides with that."  I told her that sounded like a lot of food in addition to the rice and beans - she gives me a smile. ~ Well, the rice and beans never made it.  I ended up with the two additional sides that I ordered!  The salsa was way too hot.  It even burned my tongue, and they didn't offer a mild salsa for children. The chips and salsa are served in small bowls.  There's not enough there for 5 people, and even when we ordered the side of cheese dip, no additional chips were brought.  We had to ask for more, and we still had more cheese dip (or whatever it was) than we had chips.  The food was tasteless, and we ended up paying almost $90 for 3 entrees, 1 cheese dip, 3 sodas, 2 margaritas, and 1 beer.  Something that should have only cost  $45 - $50.  And that is a stretch for Mexican food which is cheap to prepare. Also the margaritas were served in whiskey tumblers - less than what you get for the price at a REAL Mexican restaurant - they were good though, and that is the only good thing I have to say about this restaurant's food/drink.  If you want a place to go for a few drinks with friends, this is happening, but not a good choice for dinner - especially if you have kids with you.  Way overpriced, and poor food quality.  We will not return.
5	As an Angeleno, I was pleasantly surprised to find that Vida holds its own against some of the better taco places in LA. Sure, it's not Grand Central Market where there's sawdust on the floor and a guy in a stand serves you one pound cabeza tacos on a double layer of freshly made corn tortillas, but this is the Epicenter of Uptown Charlotte, NC. I wasn't expecting much. In fact, from the outside, I thought I was going to get stuck with overpriced, Americanized Mexican food. I was mistaken.My colleagues and I ended up splitting an order of the guacamole. $8.99 seemed mighty pricey at first, but they give you a veritable fuck ton of it in a mortar-style bowl and it was friggin delicious. Granted, it wasn't made fresh at the table (oh how I wish it was), but it was very nice. Lots of avocado, both on the front of the palate from the first bite and also in the large chunks that were mixed in. I ordered a lunch special of the house salad plus a carnitas taco. The salad was above average, with a healthy mix of greens, a slice of avocado and some corn. The black beans + rice was surprisingly tasty, maybe even ranking near the top of what I've had. Black beans especially were sinfully fatty.The taco was excelente. Carnitas were tender and full of juicy flavor, showing that they had indeed been marinated and then cooked over several hours. The tortilla was warm and melted in my mouth. If it wasn't made fresh that day, it sure tasted like it.Overall, the lunch was fairly light: one medium-sized taco, a small mix of rice and beans and a small house salad. Were it not for the guacamole, I would have walked away feeling pretty good about my portions.Will I race back here? Probably not. But it's a solid place to have lunch or dinner... and I'm dying to try out their tequila selection.
4	I just stopped here during a business trip to grab dinner. I received a coupon for a free app from my hotel (Hilton) so I figured I would check it out. Hands down I was extremely impressed and will certainly be back. The shrimp appetizer I had was out of this world and not what I was expecting. The main dish, I forget the name of it, but there was a good mix of different foods. The services are not huge but don't let that worry you because you will definitely be full. Check out Vida if you're in downtown Charlotte.
4	Really like this place!  You aren't going to find a Speedy Gonzales on the menu, that's for sure.  Fresh, interesting food, friendly waitstaff and great outdoor seating on a nice night. The chips and salsa are good (as I've mentioned, I judge a Mexican restaurant on their chips and salsa), the enchiladas are really nice (especially the corn/chicken, shrimp/crab and mushroom) and the sides are great.  The plantain black bean mash is my favorite followed very closely by the plantains.  This place hits the list each time I'm staying in uptown Charlotte.
3	Atmosphere wise, this place is awesome. Very big interior with a huge bar area as well as seating area for dinner. Rum selection at the bar was definitely lacking, but the overall options were pretty god. It's a bustling scene and one of the more happening place in uptown Charlotte. It's basically an upscale and trendy Mexican restaurant. Food wise, it was just ok. The guacamole was decent but not nearly the best that I've had. I also had a chicken burrito that was fairly good. It was way too big though and very doughy. Overall is was a good experience. The restaurant is more so a place to go for the atmosphere. The food is definitely good, but this is more so a place for a rear happy hour.
4	The carne asada Vida burrito was pretty decent, but don't expect an authentic Mexican burrito. Service was excellent. Only complaint is that the first batch of tortilla chips they brought out was pretty cold and stale. Overall a good place to eat at.
2	We ordered the shrimp taco dinner and ground beef burrito for 30. - Nice atmosphere. Great jazz music. Cool tequila bar. But feels far from authentic Mexican.  - Cold chips with our first serving and crispy hot our second. inconsistent. - Only one salsa dip!? LOL. Salsa fail big time. - Server said shrimp taco was his favorite. Pretty average. Comes with Mango. Not something I'd pay $15 again for. - Corn tastes as if were canned or maybe frozen.- Optional: order burrito fried. cool. - Burrito is short and stubby. The ground beef reminds me of that in a Chinese egg roll. - Service was pleasant. Great with refills. Watch it though,.."Any more boxes, LADIES" WTF...- Spoiled with great Mexican eats in Los Angeles and San Diego, this place taste like an over-priced Baja Fresh. City Center Charlotte will sure disappoint you when it comes to Mexican food. Chevy's would be a better alternative. haha. ouch.
5	My fiancee and I were in Uptown a few weeks ago and wanted to stop somewhere for Sunday lunch.  We found Vida and I have to say that the Yelp reviews do not do this place justice.  It was so delicious!  I had the chicken and roasted corn enchilada and my fiancee had the green chile pork and avocado enchilada.  Both came in the perfect portion size and were amazing.  However, I do have to say that the green chile pork and avocado enchilada was much better than my meal - I kept stealing bites off my fiancee's dish.I also enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant and the service was great (caveat: this was Sunday lunch and it wasn't crowded - not sure what it's like on a typical Saturday night).
5	Fish tacos are outstanding as well as their margaritas. This place is a very wise choice. The group of four of us each had different meals and none of us were disappointed.
5	What an outstanding place.   Extremely well trained service staff, wonderful chips and salsa, and beautifully plated food with great flavors.
4	At first I was skeptical about Vida simply because many of these trendy mexican places often offer only mediocre food.  However, I've been there several times, and yes, I am fan.  In all honesty, I wish I could offer a review of more dishes, but I go there for one reason--the naked burrito with queso or as I refer to it--heaven in a bowl.  The burrito comes with a delicious grilled corn, which is the best I've ever had.  I've also sampled their chicken tostada for lunch which was also excellent, but the burrito is special.  While I haven't strayed from this dish much, my wife has enjoyed several dishes there, most recently the shrimp tacos.Overall, the service is excellent because of their quick and attentive staff.The lone drawback for me is that they don't validate, so you're left for looking for a space in uptown or paying for parking.
4	I'm always skeptical of Mexican places outside of SoCal, but the food here was top notch.The ceviche was tasty and the pork green chili was so delicious I wanted to drink the sauce.Our waiter recommended a tequila for shots, and I really didn't care for it.  I would've preferred patron I think.  The margarita he recommended was delicious though, so he totally redeemed himself.They were able to split our bill for each specific order and split the margarita and ceviche among only the people who ordered those.  Very impressive.
4	Kinda surprised this place only has a 3.5 average rating. I really like Vida. I have been here several times over the last year and always had a good experience. The margaritas were outstanding and the portions were pretty sizable (I couldn't finish my meal!). And oh, the ceviche cocktail is heavenly (I included that in one of my tips). I get a fair amount of really good Mexican food in Chicago and Vida sizes up pretty well.
5	Delicious quality prepared mexican food with quality ingredients and very filling portions.
4	Vida is a great spot to bring friends or family, or grab a drink and yummy mexican with a date.  We had a lovely time, great margaritas, great atmosphere for people watching but quiet enough for chatting and serviced was incredibly attentive.Highlights:Crab NachosTaquitosQueso DipCarne AsadaWe will definitely return!
5	Was in Charlotte just a couple of days the week of Jan 27th, and went here twice. Love this place. The guac is one of the best. Went in for lunch, and although crowded, we were still able to get a seat. The place emptied out as thelunch hour came to an end and it quieted down a bit. Had a pork burrito and a shredded beed taco the two different times I was here. Loved them. Highly recommend if your in Charlotte, looking for a quicj mexican restaurant.
4	I'm a fan of this modern Mexican restaurant.  I celebrated my bday bash here and the food and mojitos were delish.  Being vegetarian i was apprehensive about this place, but the options and taste was YUM! The portions are huge, so if you want to watch the calories and fat definitely share your entree. If you decide to make it a event with a group of friends I recommend to make reservations a week in advance, that way there is no wait and they can make the necessary accommodations for your party.
4	Great atmosphere, poor customer service.
4	We stopped here for a quick drink. Nice atmosphere, great bar area.
3	I've visited Vida a few times and found myself there again last night for a drink with a girlfriend.  Upon entering, I was reminded of the main thing I don't like about it - the smell.  It's almost like they're pumping the smell of roses throughout the entire bar area, and it gave me a headache and my girlfriend an allergy attack.  Pretty grody.The bartender was super nice, and the margaritas were decent.  I've always been a big fan of their food and the atmosphere, but the smell and drinks keep me from giving it 4 stars.
1	Horrible greeting, horrible wait staff.  Arrived for dinner, informed 15 minutes wait.  Was told if space was available in the bar, we could take it.  After 20 minutes a bar table opened, we were promptly informed that the table was about to be used for someone else and they DEMANDED that we leave the table.  As we were leaving the table, the hostess shouted to my husband you should make a reservation next time.  With her bad attitude we took our business down the street to Blue.  The food at BLUE was amazing and I would recommend Mitchell as your server.
2	The girlfriend and I visited Vida last week because of a Mexican food craving that I had. I absolutely love enchiladas, so I figured I couldn't go wrong w/ my order of chicken enchiladas. Boy was I wrong.. No flavor at all and the outside was like gnawing on chewy cardboard. Even though I was very displeased with my order, the girlfriend was happy w/ her taco salad so I figure I'd give 2 stars based on her opinion.
4	GREAT house margs hit the spot along w/ guac and con queso. Lively vibe on a thurs night - will be back!
5	I don't know how they did it, but even on a Tuesday night when they were completely slammed with people before a concert at the arena, Vida managed to provide 5-star service and food.  From the minute we got there til the minute we left, everything was awesome!  We started with a delicious, refreshing margarita for me and a snifter of tequila for the fella - he said it was the best tequila he's ever had.  We then moved onto dinner and I got the tacos (1 al pastor, 1 carnitas and 1 beef).  They were all really good, but i loved the pineapple on the al pastor - good mix of sweet and salty.  Fellla got the chicken taquitos, and they were crispy, light and fresh.  Our waitress, Jackie, was so engaging and personable, and she had great food/drink recommendations, and the sales and marketing VP, Andrea, even checked in on us to see how we were and chatted for a few minutes.  I don't know how they all found the time to provide such great customer service, but it's a rare thing these days, and I love patronizing places that put such a great emphasis on it.  I'll definitely be back soon.
4	My wife and I went to Vida's based on good Yelp! reviews.  Once again, we were not disappointed.  Made a reservation through Open Table and were seated at a great table on time.  The restaurant was very busy due to the Eric Clapton concert later that evening.Our server (Rick?) was awesome - perfect balance of knowledge, presentation and attention.  Chips and salsa were very good.  I had the Vida Chicken and my wife had the Lump Crab Nachos.  The chicken was good + although the queso was a bit much.  The crab tacos were a perfect small meal for my wife.Nice, fun experience with good food, service and atmosphere.
5	We went for Margaritas - they are so good!  The place was packed and the service was still excellent.  I love Vida every time I go there :)
4	For a Mexican place in a mall like setting, I expected something average, but boy what a pleasant surprise.  Vida Rocks.  The chips and salsa are good (check), the drinks are good (check check), and the enchiladas and tacos are tasty(check, check, check).  There are many great sounding items on the menu, and the combos are a great way to help you sample several different items.  Ricky the water was super efficient and very friendly.  Oh, and they are open late weeknights for a good late night meal option.
5	We drive 20 miles just for the Taco Salad! So many Tequilas you could spend days! But the most important thing about this Uptown Charlotte Restaurant is the Customer Service. Mary, the Manager here at Vida, has blown us away with her consistent, positive, personal, and attentive attitude each and EVERY time we come in. She needs to manage so many other restaurants in this city to positively turn them into better experiences. Thank you Mary for always providing us with an excellent experience here at Vida!!!!
4	I really like the ambiance of Vida.  Located in the heart of the Epicenter, Vida is perfect for dinner before Bobcats games or events at Time Warner Arena, or before going to the clubs, bars and lounges that populate the upper reaches of the Epicenter.  I had the pleasure of dining at Vida for brunch on Cinco de Mayo, and was treated to a Cinco de Mayo to remember.Ordered the steak and eggs which was amazing.  The steak was juicy, tender and had a great grilled flavor to it.  I will say, I asked for my eggs scrambled w/cheese and received no cheese.  But other than that, everything was spectacular.  The fruit cocktail containing strawberries, watermelons, and a variety of other fruits was great and the perfect complement to the meaty steak, eggs and bacon.  I also had the chance to sample their margaritas and was truly impressed.  And of course, the Dos Equis Amber on draft might be the single greatest beer drinking experience known to mankind.  Be careful, parking can be expensive in the garages near and around the Epicenter and Vida doesn't validate parking (I know because I asked).  Overall, I must say, brunch at Vida for Cinco De Mayo was nothing short of Cinco De Amazing!
4	Yummy brunch food, delicious margarita! Vida doe not disappoint for Cinco de Mayo....
4	There are a few things I like more than a good brunch: Cam Newton, driving a convertible, the Charlotte Bobcats winning a game and a pair of shoes that actually fit my stupid arches... I like Vida just as much as I like those things because they don't have just a good brunch; they have a great brunch... The staff was fantastic... You could barely finish your meal before they would ask if you were done with it... They do not believe in letting plates sit around and clog up a table... I like that... The refills kept coming without a lull, which was also great... I went for the chorizo tacos and I was not disappointed... You could probably put jalapeno bacon on anything and I'd eat it, though... lol  Seriously, scrambled eggs, cheese, cilantro and chorizo?  All wrapped in some floury goodness?  I was full midway into the second one, but I kept trying to finish... I still get a tear in my eye when I think about that last bite I left on my plate... I couldn't focus on just the tacos, though, because the potatoes they give you were awesome!  That's probably because they had jalapeno in them as well... The fruit was very good... They've got to get their stuff from a market, that wasn't grocery store fruit... lolI loved the look of the restaurant and since we were seated upstairs, it gave us a nice view of all the goings on downstairs... The drinks were fantastic... I had Cointreau Noir and Vida margaritas... They were both sublime... The frozen Vida margarita didn't have that weird, watery taste that most frozens end up with, so I was very excited about that... The prices weren't bad at all, but they don't validate parking, so I would suggest going there, but making better arrangements than the dreaded Epicentre lot... lol
4	My husband and I attended a Yelp Brunch at Vida on Cinco de Mayo.  We really enjoyed it!  The ambiance was very nice, the service was excellent, and the food was delicious!  We had the Guacamole and Chips, Beef Brisket Tacos, and Carnitas Tacos and everything was fantastic!  I am super picky about rice and theirs was really good!  Can't wait to go back with the rest of the family...I know that they will love it, too!
3	I have been here twice now, once for lunch and once for brunch.  Both visits were on par with what I expected.  Decent food and fair prices right in the heart of uptown.  The service is friendly and quick, even during busy time (like brunch for Cinco de Mayo) and the portions are a healthy size to make it worth your buck.I was seated upstairs both times I have visited, and though you get a little bit more of an intimate area, you kind of miss the buzz going on downstairs if you are looking for a scene.Not sure if this is related to Vida or not, but while there on Cinco de Mayo, the most memorable piece for me was the DJ!  He was rocking all of my favorite 90s music, that I made a mental note to hopefully find him again!Worth a visit if you are in the area and looking for a fair priced meal and good service.
4	I've been to Vida multiple times and seen all iterations of service here. Lunch, dinner, brunch, special events, during the DNC. It's a prime location in the EpiCentre with a killer patio and great mezzanine. Here's the breakdown:Bar - Two. Upstairs and downstairs. Both have relatively the same offerings. Bartenders are friendly and attentive and make up a mean margarita. Most recently, we had some killer margaritas with Cointreau Noir -- much better than standard Grand Marnier. They have a decent selection of beers, but they stick to the Mexican food-centric bottles/draughts. Food - Incredible guac. Let me rephrase that -- I'd eat a whole meal of guac and chips and be a happy camper. I've never had anything from Vida that I wouldn't get again. I will say that my favorite time to dine is now brunch on Sunday. Try the chilequiles and thank me later. *drops mic*Only downside that I can really comment on is the unassociated parking situation for the EpiCentre. "Yeah, yeah, yeah....WE KNOW, Ben," they exclaimed and clamored exhaustively. We all know it. We all hate it. It's expensive, validated parking isn't the norm, and so on. Just buck up and pay the piper. It's worth the meal. OR, find a spot on the street post 6pm or on the weekends when it's free as well.Vida, thanks...for everything. I can haz guacamole?
4	"Mexican" and "Brunch". Two words that typically don't go together in my mind. But we saw that they had a brunch menu and thought to give it a try.We looked at the menu online so we'd know what to have. Unfortunately, the menu we had on this particular day didn't have the "Mexican Toast" so we had one order of the "Smoked Salmon Tacos" and one of the "Carne Asada and Eggs". The tacos were excellent - they had the right amount of salmon and a really good load of eggs and cheese. I especially enjoyed the steak and eggs. It was cooked well, the eggs were poached perfectly.Parking is an irritant. If you're already in Uptown, hey, great. If not, expect to either drive around the block (yes, even on Sunday) or pay for a garage.
1	Fairly terrible is how I would characterize this poor excuse of a Mexican restaurant. To be honest I hate texmex, so I guess this restaurant started off with a disadvantage. But when the food is bad, it is bad. The chicken quesadilla was bland and soggy and the corn sides were equally disappointing. The Caesar salad was subpar. The only redeeming dish was the crab nachos. It was loaded with cheese, tomatoes and crab; however, the dish still was not that great. Worst of all were the prices that the restaurant demands for the food. Sad times for Mexican food.
3	Get to the Chase:Pros:1) Waiters are very polite and attentive. Love it! 2) Great for mimosas! PERFECT pre-game, post-game, and any game. 3) Reasonably priced, you'll leave feeling you got what you paid for without having a lighter walletCons:1) Sadly, the food doesn't come up to par with the drinks...nothing special, just overly thought dishes2) Completely empty at peak lunch hours, which should have been fair warning to not indulge my hunger at such a placeOverall, I've had better mexican...gives you the tacky feeling of a mexican chain (whether that be true or not, I just felt like I'd be better off at a Chipotle or Qdoba)
5	Have visited Vida a handful of times, all great! The service is always top notch and the food to match. Bit more expensive than your typical Mexican restaurant, but well worth the price. My go-to are the enchiladas.
4	Vida has really good cocktails and margaritas.  The food is also pretty good.  I think it's a good choice for somewhere yummy and not TOO expensive in Uptown and especially at the Epicentre.  The place is also set up nicely for outdoor seating and for parties.
4	I have been to Vida twice while working in Charlotte. It is a co-workers favorite restaurant. The service is fantastic!  The staff is friendly and fast. Also fantastic are the drinks!!!  They are tasty and strong; just the way I like it!  The food is good. I wouldn't say it is out of this world, but good. I always start with guacamole followed by a chicken burrito. Vida is in a great location and easily accessible from the uptown hotels. I also appreciate the fact that both times I didn't feel rushed. I sat with co-workers, both visits, for hours drinking and talking and never felt like the staff wanted to turn the table even though they were busy. Thanks, Vida!  I will be back.
3	I have to say I am torn between 3 and 4 stars, but am going with the 3 since everything was okay, except the fresh chips and salsa, they were great! Served upon arrival and were hot, seasoned well & I love the salsa. I joined a friend and she ordered the Shrimp Salad. She enjoyed, nut thought it was pretty simple, lettuce, shrimp, and a few pieces of avocado and mango. I chose the choose two items and got the chicken quesadilla & the beef taco. The quesadilla was good, but the ground beef was ugh! I will not order that again. The rice & beans were good! After seeing the photos on Yelp, I should have tried the crab nachos, those look good. Maybe I'll give them another lunch try.
3	I've been to Vida plenty of times. I'm a lover of all things Mexican. And tequila. And cheese. Anywho... I've had my share of good dishes here and some not so good. Not bad just... ehhh... here's the deal. Years ago when the hot spot first opened, I would go constantly simply for the queso fundido. It was a thing with my friend Ray and myself to hit up the Checkers games then walk over to Vida and snag some cheese and drinks. However, sadly, they took the fundido away. Sigh... Vida, feel free to bring that back at any point. Nonetheless they still have queso but it doesn't hold a candle to the fundido. If I go for lunch, I always get the ABLT - thats avocado on a BLT. It comes with a cilantro mayo but that's not my thing so I ask them to 86 the mayo, side of honey mustard. The sandwich is light and comes on an almost ciabatta-like bun. If I do dinner, I get the crab meat nachos time and time again. Topped with crab meat, melted cheese, mashed black beans and avocado (hi, I'm Nikki and I love avocado). The nachos are individually crafted, piled high on each chip with yummy goodness. Last time I went I got the ahi tuna salad. The ahi tuna was cooked mid-rare, absolutely perfect, but the ingredients in the salad didn't seem to jive. This is the ehhh I was talking about earlier. And the cilantro lime dressing left me a bit disappointed. For an appetizer, we had some type of mushroom wraps which I'd say go ahead and skip. However, if you have a margarita craving, this is the place to quench your thirst. Variety of styles. A pleathra of tequila choices. And a good number of flavors to choose from.
5	The garlic shrimp, corn, plantains, the lighting, the amount of windows overlooking the city.....it's all just a great experience.
3	So, I made it back to Vida, and as I said was going to try the crab nachos. So, before my thoughts on the nachos, I love the chips & salsa. The chips were hot & the salsa is what I love. So, the nachos...the pictures looked better than they were. Yes, they were okay, but they were black beans & melted cheese w/ a few pieces of crab. I wish there was a little more crab. And, the place was packed so our waitress was MIA. A great lunch spot, but some menu items old be improved, especially for the price.
4	Uptown window seat people watching my kind of after work spot! Great laid back place. Awesome drinks and drink specials! Great ceviche!
4	Loved the chicken quesadilla- it was perfect!
3	Tasty guac. strong drinks. In the heart of Downtown Charlotte day and night life.- Fresh Guacamole- White Sangria- Negra Modelo on draft
3	The chips remind me of Chi Chi's. I felt nostalgic. Tuna tacos didn't quit deliver, but otherwise met our expectations for lunch while waiting for our room to be ready to check in.
5	Amazing food :) try the Carne Asada Tostada Salad... Yummmm!!!
4	We had a big group of people that ended up at Vida last night for drinks & dinner.  We were a pretty wild bunch, but the servers took care of us and kept the food & drinks flowing for us.  After having a couple of margaritas, I ended up having a chicken taco with a side of black beans. Kudos to Vida for keeping up with a demanding (& probably obnoxious) group!
4	Carne Asada, medium. Excellent.
3	When one of your recommended dishes is Carnitas Tacos, you should probably try to serve...well...ummm...carnitas in the tacos.  This was the absolute last straw concerning carnitas from any place that doesn't have roaches...or at least looks like it might, for me.  The "carnitas" here, were pulled pork.  Total fail...and they weren't seasoned very well either.  On with what's good:  The guac...as everyone else will tell you, tastes just like the guac I make at home (sans fresh jalapenos), and of course I like my own guac.  The margaritas are also great, very clean and balanced.The service and establishment were both great.  Your hostess...not so much.  I've got to admit that I really wanted this place to be a hit.  I had a great time at an event I attended here previously, but the fact that Vida thinks that pulled pork translates into crisp carnitas is ridiculous.FYI: Carnitas are traditionally seasoned heavily...and they are never soggy.My three stars are based on the fact that they know how to nail a guacamole...which is easily five stars.
4	Great taco salad, superior waitstaff; we live out of state, and can't wait to get back there
4	LOVED the sangria here, made with tequila, and since I had about 4 glasses, I'm a little hazy on what the food tasted like haha but from what I remember, I had some type of appetizer platter with some great chicken quesadillas that had a yummy sauce, some type of shrimp that were weirdly seasoned, like Mexican shrimp scampi or something, wasn't a fan...and the weirdest app ever which was like a flauta or something filled with mushrooms - yucky. The chips, salsa, and guacamole were all just ok, nothing special but great stomach coaters for downing all that good sangria!
2	The first word that comes to mind is DEAFENING!!!!The place is just to LOUD. They pump the music up above the chatter and of course the people just YELL above the music. It continues like that until no one can hear anything.The food was very good, but if I'm going to drop $150, I want to be able to hear what the people at my table are saying! I will not return because of this. Even our waiter said he couldn't hear us when we tried to place our order. In my opinion, if you want to be a restaurant, be a restaurant. If you want to be a noisy Uptown club, then choose that. But you can't be both and have your restaurant customers unable to enjoy themselves. Sorry Vida, you lost me and my money.
4	Came here on Friday night (around 6pm)........should have known better and made a reservation. Since the Eagels were playing that night, Vida was slammed! Without a reservation, it was an hour and a half wait. We had other plans for the evening, so we decided to see if we could grab two seats (or heck, one would work!) from the bar. No such luck. I felt bad cause there were many couples, like us, hovering around the bar just waiting for one of those coveted seats. No joke, we literally stood behind these two women sipping their beers for almost 45 minutes. Probably, two of the most slowest beer drinkers I have ever met....but I digress.....Anyways, we soon discovered that the wait to sit outside wasn't very long and we put our name on the list. We were seated outside (wasn't too cold....they had a heater out there but it wasn't turned on).We ordered a bucket (5 beers) of Coronas and some guac. I really really love guacamole.....like, it's an issue. They have some fantastic guac. Nothing truely beats the guac I make, but this is a close second. We also chose to split a burrito meal. We were bar hopping that night and figured we didn't need two meals. Man, so glad we split. The serving was huge!! The burrito was delish. The grilled corn as the side was so good! All in all, I would have given this place 3 stars, but the food was so good it made me forget about standing behind the slow beer drinking women! Since we walked here, I can't comment on parking. We have been here numerous times in the past and will continue to return.
4	Moving from Southern California to Charlotte has been amazing minus the food options.  Casual Mexican is so bad here its painful. I want to punch then when they ask if I want Queso on everything.  No i don't want your crappy 7 eleven nacho cheese on my food.   At least say queso fresco or creme fraiche so I only want to slap you. Vida has been my one saving grace.  The food isn't amazing or extensive but its solid.  The carnitas tacos are great, the drinks and salsa are good.  Everything is fresh and properly made.  I wont say its amazing but frankly that wont exist in Charlotte.  No legit steak picado for me until I go home but the Carnitas Tacos and 28 dollar pitchers will keep me from slowly dieing inside as I see people eat at Moe's.
4	First, let me say that they have great customer service. Everyone serving us was super nice, friendly, and helpful.Prices are a little expensive, and some portions are a little small, but even so, it's all full of flavor and deliciousness. All in all, this place is pretty solid. I think this would be a good place to come with friends for some after-hour drink and food specials before getting your night started.
5	Why are there not more of these?!  Service was great.  Meal was delicious.  I had a veggie taco with black beans, rice, and a caesar salad.  Everything tasted really fresh.
4	I've been to Vida quite a few times. I was hooked after attending the grand opening party. The service is consistently good and the food delicious and fresh. Highly recommend the guacamole, crab nachos and tequila flight. The tacos are great too.
3	Good lunch spot. I like that they have  a choose two option - so you can get tortilla soup and salad - and it has just a small amount of rice and beans. Perfect serving size for lunch.You can also choose two items like a taco and an enchilada - which is also comes in a lunch serving size with small rice and beans. The only problem is the chips - why do we have to eat so many chips!!!???
3	I wasn't overly impressed with the food but the bartender JD. I that is what his name is, was the reason I kept drinking. His drinks were darn good.
4	Use open table to get a table!
4	Visiting with my parents and they were pretty indecisive tonight. We ended up at vida and they my parents were super please with the food
1	Horrible.  My husband and I are trying to vomit in order to feel better after eating dinner there tonight.  The green chili enchilada may have been rancid!  The waitress was nice and the salsa was good, but that doesn't make up for the way that I physically feel after eating there!
4	CIAA day party off the chain. Grat venue for a day party. Good DJs and fast and prompt bar service.
3	Good customer service. Decent food. Price is right. Carne asada tacos were great. Margaritas a little on the sweet side but surely did the trick. I would recommend, especially compares to other restaurants in the area.
2	I have come here a couple of times, and each time I leave asking "WHY"!Here are the deets...My friends and I went on a Friday night, the place wasn't packed which was nice. We really wanted to sit out in the patio but it seemed too windy, however, it looks like they have great outdoor space.  We got sat right away, they served us chips in salsa, bad idea since we ate two containers of them. The chips where very tasty and warm, the salsa was also pretty good. We ordered guacamole and drinks - red wine Sangria and a Millionaire Margarita. The guac was bland, no salt, no flavor, the avocado tasted like it can from a container and not fresh at all. The drinks came but immediately we realized that they weren't good, they were too sweet, so sweet we couldn't drink them. The food was decent, we ordered the carne asada tacos, the tortillas smelled amazing and tasted just as good. We also ordered the garlic shrimp with corn and plantains, the plantains where perfectly cook. I ordered the Vida house salad, it said mixed greens but it was iceberg lettuce (which I dislike), other then that it was meh, nothing special. What really did it for me is the price, I don't mind spending $100 for dinner for 3 people but I would like the quality food to match the cost, I did not feel it did. The one constant thing is the service, they are pretty attentive, cleaned up quickly and I never noticed my water glass empty. I won't say I will never try them again but It will take some time and some convincing from my friend that LOVES mexican.
2	So this recent trip took off one star for me.The sangria was like kool-aid, the guac had zero flavor and hostess got mad when we wanted to choose our own table near the window after discovering it was too windy to enjoy the patio. When you choose to spend money and calories on a dinner out- you don't want it to be a MEH experience. I think they rely heavily on the location, out of towners and people who don't know what Mexican food should be like.Oh the plus side:Our server was nice.The plantains were good.
3	Great location, good service, good but not spectacular food. A litte pricy for the food you get, but considering the location it's reasonable. If you are already uptown and feel like Mexican food its a good choice. I would not recommend making a special trip uptown for it as it's nothing special.
4	Whether you want to go for lunch with your colleagues, happy hour, a few drinks after work, Vida's a great place. I know because I've done all of that multiple times and was never disappointed.Vida Chicken, the tacos, sandwiches are all good. Drinks are good too. Personally, wasn't so crazy about their Enchiladas but it could have been that I wasn't so hungry. I'd say the best thing about this place though, is that if you are looking for a place to eat/drink as a group in center city, and there's no consensus, this place is perfect.Now, I must advise you to make a reservation if you are heading over for lunch on a weekday. It will be packed! If you don't you'll most likely wait. But luckily, the servers are nice so it makes up for the wait. Thanks.
3	The food here is mixed quality and a bit inconsistent. First some of the appetizers I have tried include the guacamole (pretty good), mushroom and vegetable quesadilla (also good), black bean tortilla chips (meh) and these little chicken egg roll things (just ok). For entrees, I have tried different types of tacos and all were lacking. they neede for flavor. The drinks are very good actually, including the margaritas, and the restaurant has a decent beer selection. The bartenders are also very attentive. So the place is just okay. My preference is to go during happy hours but I go elsewhere for dinner.
3	Perhaps Cinco De Mayo wasn't the best way to make a first impression but at least I finally can say I made it to Vida.As you can imagine the place was packed, I like that there's seating inside and outside and they have two different options for dining. My friends and I scored a table close to the bar and quickly ordered some margaritas. The strawberry and original with sugar around the rim were my clear favorite! If margaritas aren't your thing....they have tequila!!!! Yum! To snack on we ordered the nachos with chicken....meh, they were just okay. I could have used a little more chicken and a little less black beans but they were fine for sharing. If I went again I'd try something else...maybe the tacos since they had some pretty interesting combinations on the menu!
1	Vida is total garbage, and the price on this Yelp page is wrong. It's easily a $$$ restaurant.Vida is the kid who's trying desperately to be cool but isn't wiling to put forward even the most basic of efforts. The biggest issue I have with Vida is the pricing, which to me is absolutely arrogant considering the quality of the food. The cheapest way to eat at Vida is to get a $10 lunch special This will get you two of their super-thin quesadillas or 2 tacos, with a side of bland black beans and even blander rice. If you're not at lunch tough: their cheapest burrito that can't even hold a candle to Chipotle is $12 minimum. Anything else and you're looking at $15 +. Their excuse for a margarita is maybe a single shot of bottom shelf tequila in a tiny little 10 oz plastic cup. Their queso is good, but when the kitchen doesn't even bother microwaving it for you beforehand what's the point? Oh, and it's $7.Whenever I've eaten at Vida I realize that the food tastes about as good as a place where I'd say "I want combination A3" instead of the pretentious titles the menu seems to use in order to suggest nonexistent quality. The only difference is I'm paying an extra 40% for their premium spot in the epicenter.If you're on the fence about Vida, do one thing for me. Before walking in, go past the sign on the walkway towards the train and take a look at the kitchen entrance. Notice how it's regularly black from kitchen grease. Take a deep breath to inhale the stale, rotten smell and examine the trash they hide behind the sign. It's disgusting.Vida is a fourth-rate hole in the wall that blew too much money on a graphic designer and gives exactly nothing about the quality of their food. There are easily half a dozen places inside the epicenter that are an order of magnitude better. Don't waste your time.
4	Great food with a nice outdoor option! This is a great Sunday afternoon spot to eat at with friends or solo. My fiance loves Mexican so we decided to try them out due to the fact that we could not eat there on Cinco de Mayo like we wanted to. The food was delicious and service was nice.
5	Great food with a nice outdoor option! This is a great Sunday afternoon spot to eat at with friends or solo. My fiance loves Mexican so we decided to try them out due to the fact that we could not eat there on Cinco de Mayo like we wanted to. The food was delicious and service was nice.
3	Food was tasty. Atmosphere festive. Service friendly. Margaritas resembled water and the noise level was intolerable.
2	I have been here twice and after the first time I realized that this isn't the best mexican food out there. I have had better mexican in Charlotte. However it is a good place to have drinks while catching up with friends. I enjoy spicy mexican food so Vida isn't the best option for me, but those who do not like spicy do enjoy this place. I have had their margaritas and they are great. Their guacamole is also really good and their salsa is good, the spicy salsa (you have to ask for it) is really good and definitely has a kick.
2	Overpriced, loud, and forgettable.  I was here on business and settled on this place because it was close to where I was staying.  Their are PLENTY of options in Charlotte and I would suggest wandering off the beaten path and avoid the bright lights that sucked us in.  When you charge 30 dollars for a "pitcher" of sangria, atleast have pitchers that dont make the waiter pour half of it onto the floor.  Just no
2	How does a "Mexican" joint mess up a margarita?!?! Staff is friendly but that's about the only nice thing I have to say.
3	I made reservations for 5 online and received a call the day of to confirm. Upon arrival we were immediately seated. The food was good. I got the chicken and corn enchiladas which were delicious. The chips were bottomless and always hot upon arrival. We sat outside and had a great seat for people watching The city. The only thing I'd mention is the fact that our waitress voiced her frustration over another tables lack of tip...telling us how pissed she was that they only left her a 7% tip and how she has to split her tips 3 ways at the end of the night and how she hadn't had a paycheck since January ... I mean really?? vent to your fellow co-workers not your patrons! Food 3 starsRanting Server 0
2	My wife loves Mexican food but she was not impressed with this place. We had the mango guacamole (which was good), chicken taquitos (not good) and steak fajita (okay).
3	I am a huge Mexican food fan. I heard so many good things about this place so my expectations were high. Unfortunately, I felt like the good was bland and average at best. The chips and salsa were pretty good, but other than that.. not impressed. I also think the food is overpriced. This is probably just because of it's location. One plus is the portions are large so you won't leave with an empty stomach!Wouldn't recommend to a friend.
2	Average and overpriced, waitress didn't get our order correct. There was nothing exceptional about this dining experience, disappointing for location and price!
3	Wednesday lunch. No wait. Friendly and attentive service. Excellent Bloody Mary, even if it was served in a clear Solo cup.We shared taco platters - veggie, fish, shredded beef, Philly, carnitas. All the tacos were ok nothing to write home about, but the corn tortillas were fried (read: soaked) in some kind of oil that sat in my stomach like a rock later. I had an incident with the kitchen that was immediately addressed by the waitress and the manager. They did everything to correct the problem and I did leave pleased. TVs everywhere. Seats are those horribly uncomfortable chairs from elementary school, adult sized. Decent music, not too loud for daytime. Clean bathroom, but only 1 for the ladies.
3	As I walked on to vida today I expected a lot from such a beautiful restauraunt , we started off with a agua de watermelon which was delicious and a really nice waitress (yesenia) she was very attentive wandered all our questions, I was really happy till we got our food even though the prices were affordable I did expect much more , I ordered the Cobb salad and it was good my sister ordered carne asad and it was way over cooked , 2 eggs instead of three which is what we paid for . I would go back but this restauraunt need a way better chef iin Mexican and this was not authentic !
4	The place is very nice and the employees were friendly.  I started with a tasty frozen margarita, and the chips and salsa were good too.  My server recommended the tacos because they come on flour tortillas instead of corn.  He also said the shredded beef was best so I got the 3 taco combo with  shredded beef, carne asada, and ground beef.  All 3 were very good but my favorite was the shredded beef, it was the juiciest!  Each taco had a different sauce and there was plenty of meat in each toasted homemade flour tortilla.  The black beans and spanish rice were also delicious.  Of course this is not the kind of place where someone's mexican grandma is cooking in the back so don't expect truly authentic homemade mexican food but you will still enjoy your food.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  The portion size is perfect and you will leave feeling satisfied but not stuffed like a fat pig lol.   I will definitely go back and I highly recommend the shredded beef.  You can get carnitas anywhere so try something different!
2	I read the negative reviews and my exact thoughts were; "Well, some people are jerks and nothing makes them happy. It probably isn't as bad as they say." Wrong.  Save yourself some money, soak some cardboard in warm water, place it on a warm corn tortilla, and eat it.  It isn't that the food tastes bad.  It's that it doesn't taste like anything at all.  I got a taco platter with three different types of tacos, pork, chicken, and beef.  They all tasted exactly the same, like an empty, warm, corn tortilla.  The only reason I gave them two stars was for the excellent wait staff.  Doesn't make up for the flavorless food.  Wouldn't even feed the leftovers to a dog.
3	Vida, you're a dash of spice, special sauce, and $4 away from being a 5 stars review.  Vida is a fun location for any occasion. Lunch, meeting friends after work, or weekend visit. The wait staff is very courteous, friendly, and professional. Unfortunately the food is just okay at best. If you're at the Epicenter and want Mexican, your options are limited. However, I would recommend Cabo Fish Taco over this any day based on taste and price. Vida serves hefty potions of food so you'll leave full, but unimpressed.P.S. Beware of the frozen margarita. I had ONE and was 2 steps beyond tipsy. Doesn't taste too strong drinking it, but it is not to be underestimated.
4	We were in Charlotte over the weekend and this was among the few places open for lunch near our hotel (being from New York, we were surprised that so many places were closed on Saturday). We got lucky with this place though. We had the chile chicken tacos with plantains, the huevos rancheros, the chicken burritos and the mango crisp. We were very happy with our entrees and the plantains were some of the best I have had. The service was very friendly as well.
4	Very solid option for Mexican food up-town Charlotte.  Lunch is very reasonably priced ($7.50 out the door for burrito, chips & salsa).  Good sized portions & really enjoyed the Carnitas burrito.  Multiple taco, salad & other mexican options available.
5	July 26, 2014...first time here, awesome food, great server, cold coronas! We were a party of 6 and they took excellent care of us. Great time and a great location in the bottom of Epicenter.
5	Another great visit at Vida. Lauren did a great job taking care if us. Carnitas Tacos were great! Located in lower level Epicenter, restaurant was really busy yet good still came out timely. Will recommend.
1	Not good at all. I had the tuna tacos and my wife had the bacon, shrimp tacos. Both were tasteless. The rice was so dry it was inedible and the black beans were straight out of a can.  The service was slow and non existent. We asked for lemons for water twice, refill of salsa that never came, another beer which also never came, and they allow smoking outside in the patio!!  No one wants to sit beside a cigarette during dinner. When we asked about the state law they said they allow people to smoke on the patio anyway. $45 for 2 crappy meals and a beer! We will not be back!
3	Visit this restaurant often as its quite close to where I work. Food is consistently good and service is quick, despite the restaurant always being full. Drinks are quite good and strong too. :)Updating my previous review to one-up a rating.
4	The mushroom goat cheese quesadilla is so yummy and a respectable amount of food. The sangria was delicious, albeit a bit pricey. The churros with chocolate sauce are totally worth saving room for! The patio atmosphere is really nice as well.
4	I'm pretty sure every single review I've written this week has been about Mexican food. Maybe I need a chips and salsa intervention? NahhhhhhhI bounce between a few items here. The tuna tacos, the crab and shrimp enchiladas and my new fav- smoked salmon tacos. Smoked salmon tacos you ask.... why yes, this is in fact a brunch item. I never thought of Vida as a brunch place until I had these. All the brunch plates come with fruit and jalapeno potatoes. I'm a big fan of the salsa here. I love guac and queso, so sometimes I have a hard deciding which to order at a Mexican restaurant. When it comes to Vida, I go with the guac. Personal preference.Now this is important, sit outside. IMO, Vida has the best patio for sight-seeing in uptown. And by sight-seeing, I of course mean people watching. Bubble (directly above it) also has a killer patio, but they don't have chips and salsa.The Epicentre parking garage is a total rip-off. Unless you are heading to the movies (which validates), park anywhere else or take the lightrail here. There is an Epicentre stop. Parking on the street is free after 6pm. The Wake Forest deck (next to Fitzgerald's) is usually only five dollars. Fitz also validates that deck is you feel like popping in for a drink before you head home.
4	Friendly staff, fast service, attentive servers and fun atmosphere. Easy access to parking deck. I'll go back again!
3	The food was good, service was slow and staff often confused table orders. We were brought the wrong food as was the table next to us. Atmosphere was pleasant and the view was great.
4	Awesome Tequila shots and ok food. This place is great to stop over on a way to other bars in the Epicentre
3	Nice enough staff, but the lunch menu is unimpressive. Probably a better dinner place, when the club crowd is in effect. Bar looked like it had a decent selection, though.
1	Don't Drink here! It tastes like they use dirty dishwater to water the drinks down:-/ The service was great! The food was subpar, I ordered the veggie enchiladas & the best part was the rice & beans on the side. Chips & salsa was good ;-)
2	Been wanting to try this for a long time.  I'm a HUGE mexican fan but this fell short of landing on a top favorite list.  Chips and salsa were fantastic and our waiter was very courteous and attentive. I ordered the beef tacos-price was extremely high for what you get and there was no flavor to the meat.  The corn tortilla was drenched in greasy oil and just a big snooze of what was inside.  Rice and beans were descent but thats not hard to get right.  No plans to go back.The price to park at the epicenter is redonkulous and they do not validate at this restaurant.
2	Best chips and salsa in town! However, there's something funny with the guac (I love table side prepped guac and this was NOT that).  It came prepped and strangely sweet. Weird. My son (a toddler) chose an uncrustable for lunch (I know, how lame), I was thrilled it was an option honestly. However, they microwaved it!!  No No No! It specifically states DO NOT microwave on the box - My son got a soupy (and hot-pocket-esque) mess. Was soupy and gross. Things just seems to be more around cost cutting and not as "fresh" as you'd want a mexican place to be. My husband really liked his carne asana tacos... But we won't be back.
3	A solid 3.5 stars for Vida.  I went here for a friends birthday and we sat on the patio area.  I loved seeing the views of the city and enjoyed the location.  It is a bit hustle and bustle, but I love that atmosphere.  For apps I had the guacamole and cheese dip.  The guacamole is so incredible.  I also had a cheese quesadilla and it was decent enough.  The margaritas were on special here and it was nice to have a good drink and sit back and watch the views.  I think the guacamole and service were great here.  Its not your typical mexican fare and I think next time I will order something a little more special to Vida!
3	Location, view, ambiance, and service I give 5 stars but the food...ehh. Chips and salsa were great though.
4	One of my girlfriends and I decided to take a trip to Charlotte and splurge and stay at the Ritz Carlton. This restaurant was across the street so we ended up here purely by location. The food was good- I had tacos, she had one of the soups- but nothing that stood out entirely. Service was above average but our waitress could have been more attentive to our water refills. I recommend it for a good lunch, and I suggest sitting outside if the weather is pleasant.
3	I've been here a couple of times now and both times I've been unimpressed. The food was decent, but nothing to write home about. I could get over that if the prices were really low, but they aren't. But I'm not sure I should have expected anything less at the Epicenter.
3	Came with a large group. Service was good. Food was yummy. My favorites are the guacamole and their margaritas!
4	Great atmosphere, great service, amazing margaritas!It was just 2 of us and we made a reservation about 2 hours before dinner (dinner at 6:45) which was a smart choice.  It was definitely busy on a Friday night.  We sat upstairs and the service was fantastic!Highly recommend the guacamole and queso to start with!  Enchiladas were good; however, the rice and black beans weren't so good.  Overall, great meal!
