4	This place just opened the other day. I was the first to order the ice cream cookie sundae! The ice cream is good. I was a little disappointed in the cookies because that's what they specialize in. The cookie was hard but I guess it need to be for ice cream sandwiches. I will go back to get the ice cream and try to cookies again. The girls were really nice. Overall 4 stars for customer device and the yummy malt crunch chocolate ice cream! The prices were also great.
5	The home made cookies were absolutely perfect. The Thrifty ice cream was delicious.Together the sandwich was amazing. Great friendly staff. Love this place.
5	Whether you're looking for something sweet, looking for dessert, or just craving some ice cream or cookies or both, this is the place to go!They serve Thrifty's ice cream and if you grew up on Thrifty's ice cream (like I did), then you already know how good their ice cream is.  They have 20+ flavors to choose from and even use the Thrifty's style cylindrical scooper.  There's also a variety of cookies, which taste just like soft, chewy homemade cookies!  I let one sit out over night and it was still soft and tasty the next day, like it just came out of the oven.  Their staff is great and friendly, too!Lastly, the prices are great.  An ice cream sandwich (2 cookies and a scoop of ice cream) is only $3, while a scoop of ice cream alone is only $1.50.  They utilize iPads as their registers along with the Square app and credit card readers - pretty neat!I feel like I will become a regular here :).
3	Sweet Addiction has been opened now for about five days and is a cute cookie sandwich shop reminding me of So-Cal's Diddy Reese cookie ice cream sandwich shop. The male owner was very enthusiastic about his product and very eager to serve you. They have 8 different varieties of Thrifty's ice cream and about 10 different choices of freshly baked cookies. Thifty's ice cream is sold in several shops around town and I was very familiar with the taste and varieties that were offered. I just came from dinner so I just ordered a baker's dozen (choosing one of each cookie). While the three of us were sampling each, Half of the cookies seemed undercooked. Upon holding it, it fell apart and tasted raw in the middle. Since they have been open for less than a week, like the owner stated they still have kinks to work out and many things to learn. While my friends and I were looking around w e noticed that a worker in a pink shirt was touching cash, then touching her face, and then touching the cookies and the owner was using his hands to place the cookies on top of the display. Remember with any ready to eat food, you have to wear gloves and once you touch cash or your face, you must always wash your hands! Overall though, with the great customer service and sweet treats, this is a great place to cool down and get your sweet fix!
5	Sweet Addiction has done something amazing here -- they managed to scoop up the nostalgia of Thrifty ice cream, smother it between some freshly-baked cookies, and smack me in the face with deliciousness.The folks here weren't kidding around with their store name. There has to be something around here to satisfy even the sweetest of tooths. They have a variety of items here, including something more unique: frozen hot chocolate. However, for my initial visit, I had to try their signature cookie ice cream sandwich.I went with strawberry cheesecake ice cream with some oatmeal raisin cookies. The cookies literally just came out of the oven. They were warm, soft, and wrapped around the ice cream nicely. The ice cream slowly fused with the cookie as it slowly began to melt. Combining these two powers seemed unreal. I was expecting Captain Planet to come around at any second.I took a bite and was floored by shock. This was delicious.It's not often that I'm excited about a new place, but an amazing staff, coupled along with an extremely reasonably priced (and delicious) menu is enough to keep me coming back for more.Pro-tip: Check to see if any cookies just came out of the oven. Those go so well with the ice cream.
5	Not being the biggest sweet fan, I do happen to enjoy small amounts of ice cream from time to time. Driving by today we noticed the "Thrifty Ice Cream" sign and made some questionable lane changes in order to make it into the parking lot. The owner was a really friendly guy and was very enthusiastic in explaining the concept and the menu. I got my ice cream and my wife enjoyed her Pistachio Ice Cream/Snicker doodle sandwich. The place was very clean and inviting and we will definitely become regulars.
5	I love Thrifty's Ice cream. Their chocolate chip cookies are so yummy. Staff was really nice. We bought the yelp deal, it was well worth it!
4	I came here on a hot Friday afternoon. I really can't comment on their ice cream sandwiches because I had just gotten a scoop of the Black Cherry THRIFTY ice cream! MY favorite flavor! The place is cute inside and customer service was good. They use iPads for their POS so that's pretty cool! I didn't give this place 5 stars because it wasn't anything extraordinary out of this world type thing....maybe next time I will try and ice cream sandwich and see if that blows me out of this world!
4	Fresh Baked Homemade delicious - Cookies. The kind that could potentially outperform your own Mother's Secret recipe. Sweet Addictions staff is uber happy and friendly the place is immaculately clean and fun Filled - May need more Tables and Chairs but they deliver the goods Insane Thrifty Ice Cream and amazing cookies, Mix and Match your favorite and create an Ice Cream Sandwich - Can't wait fr a Green Valley Opening (Hint hint..)
5	This place serves GLUTEN FREE cookies! And over 20 flavors of GF Thrifty ice cream. You can even order ice cream by the  pint or quart to go:)If you are a gluten free girl like myself....you know how rare it is to find a place that offers REALLY good dessert. This is it!! The only downfall is that it is way too close to my office. I'll be needing twice the amount of visits to the gym now. Worth it!Staff is super attentive and takes pride in their product. I love supporting local business owners instead of large national franchises. Sweet Additcion has done it right!
4	Tasty treats and great pricing. What's not to love?!?A variety of freshly baked homemade cookies which you can combine in any variety with the various flavors of Thrifty ice cream. You could literally get a different treat combo here ever time for months. 2 single scoop cookie sandwiches and 2 milks was under $10, so the pricing is very reasonable.I liked that they had the nostalgic treats mixed in with new technology as they were using iPad's with the Square credit card service as registers. My only complaint was they were a little slow, obviously not expecting a summer evening rush about 9pm, but they should have being newly opened in my book. Otherwise, they would have 5 stars from me.
5	Places like this are the reason I love yelp.So you go into this little bitty strip-mall store across from a Del Taco and a Walmart plaza and are greeted with charming yet sparse decor. You're also verbally greeted (or at least my family was) by the proprietor and spouse who were both extremely helpful (and charming).An illiterate person could successfully order here, and yet it's a little overwhelming. There's cookies on display on a rack above the counter and ice cream in the standard refrigerated ice-cream display. It should be simple, but everything looks good. I had similar problems at Mad Hatter Cupcakes, which I also recommend. But to be sure, these are the best kind of problems. My wife, child, and I all ordered combos which don't actually make sense (black cherry and chocolate chip? why not?) and got a snazzy blue soda I'd never heard of before. Excellent stuff.Cookies were excellent. We didn't ask for fresh, but they certainly tasted fresh. The Thrifty(?) Ice cream was superb. I'd not heard the hype, but I know great ice cream and this was good stuff. The stunner was that those ice cream sandys were 3 bones apiece. It felt too inexpensive: I want this place around for a while. Place was hopping while we were in on a Sunday late-afternoon though. They have a sizable and largely-empty beverage cooler with a variety of milk on hand. This is brilliant, too many sugary-starch castles have limited milk options (I'm looking at you Krispy-Kreme) but it'd be nice to see that filled with some of the amazing sodas from across the street at Rocket-Fizz, or some other beverage delights. Minor details.Go, go, and go again: why hasn't anyone thought of this before?
5	I came in here for the first time and ordered one scoop of Chocolate Malted Crunch, and 1 White Chocolate Macadamia Nut cookie.  Since I checked in on Yelp, I had $0.50 off.  My total came out to an amazing $1.89.  I couldnt' believe it when the cashier told me.  Everyone in the store is super nice and courteous, and the way to order is so simple.  Order your favorite Thrifty's ice cream scoop, order 2 cookies to make a sandwhich, or order it on the side!  And viola!!!! Yumminess in your mouth on a hot summer night!  They have some small seating inside, but we took it outside to eat it on the sidewalk in the parking lot.  This place gets pretty packed!  I think they need to add patio seating!No more Rite Aids to purchase Thrifty's ice cream and there aren't many places that serve it these days.  And at this price!!!! You can't beat it.  I'm so happy this placed popped up!
5	I just had the greatest peanut butter cookie I have ever had.  With the World now full of frozen yogurt joints that spit out the same stuff over and over, Sweet Addiction has something fresh and unique that you can't get anywhere else in town.  I ordered an ice cream sandwich on two peanut butter cookies and it was absolutely outstanding.  Having grown up in the Midwest, I did not know anything about Thrifty Ice Cream, and now I see why everyone raves about it.  This place really took me back to my childhood when ice cream was ice cream and cookies were homemade.This place deserves to be successful because it serves unique delicious concoctions that you simply cannot get anywhere else.I got two ice cream sandwiches each on two cookies and it was less than 5 bucks.Bravo to the owner who is opening a true local business and not just someone throwing a franchise into a stripmall.
5	My mother taught me that a small sandwich for lunch was a nutritious mid-day meal.  She was right, but she never knew about Sweet Addiction.  My mid-day meal was an ice cream sandwich made with two fresh cookies and a nice amount of ice cream.  It makes absolute nutritional sense to me!On entering the store, I'm sure I had that "deer in the headlights" look.  One of the staff  immediately asked me if it was my first time there.  Answering in the affirmative, she explained what they sell and how it's served.  She was wonderful, and I felt like a long time valued customer almost from the get go.  That's good customer service for a place that's only been opened two weeks.After the explanation, I ordered a cookie sandwich with chocolate malted crunch ice cream.  I opted to get two of the same cookies rather than mix.  I need to save that option for my next visit.  I chose the chocolate brownie cookie.  These cookies are marvelous.  It's a soft brownie in the shape of a cookie with a rich, chocolatey taste.  The cookie sandwich is served in a styrofoam bowl, so if you're a drip like me, they go into the bowl and not on the table or your napkin or worse--your pants.  Even so, I still had chocolate fingers and I probably had some chocolate in my beard.  They have bathrooms so you can wash off the excess you can't lick off--well not politely anyway.I spoke with the owner about hiking and his beginning mountain biking and I felt like I was talking with people I already knew.  It's a very comfortable, easy place to go.  And, it certainly is addictive.  I may have to switch now and then the Wallyworld I go to so as not to be tempted to make this a weekly stop.  I'll have to hike extra this week to work off this nutritious mid-day meal.  Thanks, mom!  And, thanks to the Yelpers that discovered this place and let me in on it.  I'm glad they didn't keep it a secret.Happy mountain biking and hiking (for the ladies of the store)!
5	Ummmmmmm...how come no one thought about this before?  It's freaking genius!  You pick two cookies which are HOMEMADE every day and come in a variety of flavors like chocolate chip, chocolate brownie, m&ms, peanut butter, snicker doodle, and mint chocolate.  Cookies are good, yes, but it gets better!  Then you choose your choice of THRIFTY BRAND ice cream and they make it all into a glorious ice cream sandwich!!!!!!!I went today because it is national ice cream sandwich day and what kind of an American would I be if I didn't partake in this important holiday?  Because of the holiday, they were offering buy 2 sandwiches, get the third free.  Well, I am an ice cream addict, but I'm not that much of a pig, so they also told me that if you check in on Facebook or Yelp, you get 50 cents off your order!  Bringing the grand total for a one scoop ice cream sandwich to $2.70!  Pretty good deal right there.Also, if you're not into sandwiches, you can get the cookies by themselves and/or the ice cream by itself.  It it's too overwhelming, the nice gals working will help you out with some suggestions.The fact that this place is very close to my house could be a good thing or a bad thing.
4	I used to be in this building at least twice a week, when it used to be Waffles. When i saw something else had taken it's place, I just had to try it. I was pleasantly surprised upon walking in. The decor and layout of the store was so different. To my delight, they served Thrifty's ice cream !! They serve mainly ice cream cookie sandwiches, but you can also get just ice cream, or root beer floats. As far at the sandwiches go, they said their cookies are made fresh everyday. You can pick two different cookies and ice cream to go in between all for only three dollars. THREE DOLLARS !!! The cookies were great. They were fresh, and nice and chewy - just the way I like them. Two I had were great, [chocolate chip w/walnuts, and M&M cookie] were delicious, and not sweet at all. They stood up great to the mint chocolate chip ice cream I put between. THRIFTY'S MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP [I love Thrifty's] ! They also have a variety of different sodas, most of which I had never heard of. Next time I go, I'll be sure to try out one of their sodas. I only wish this place was closer to me. Actually, I don't. I don't need to be eating ice cream sandwiches everyday, haha.
5	As a fan of the world famous ice cream sandwiches and cookies, Diddy Riese in LA, I was ecstatic when Sweet Addiction opened here in Vegas. It was an added bonus that the ice cream they use here was in fact THE BEST ice cream known to man, THRIFTY brand! At $1.50 for a Thrifty scoop of ice cream or $3.00 for an ice cream cookie sandwich, who can go wrong?! Oh, and if you check-in on Yelp, you get .50 off! SCOOOORE! The first time I paid  a visit, I was one of two customers there and was able to chat with the owners who are SUPER NICE. I had promised them I would spread the word and bring some friends the next time. On my second visit, I had come with my friend's soccer team on a Friday night and it was clear that word had spread. The place was full and we ended up eating outside. I've never been so happy to see a place busy before! I have a feeling they'll pick up even more. My only wish was that my teeth weren't so cold sensitive so I could gobble up the delicious ice cream cookie sandwiches a lot quicker! Side note: I noticed a misspelling on the menu which made me smile because I have pronounced this word incorrectly for 24 out of 27 years of my life... "SHERBERT." In the words of Homer J. Simpson, "My kids do NOT eat sorbet. They eat sherbet, and they pronounce it sherbert, and they wish it was ice cream!" I truly hope that this does not cause them to correct the misspelling because it adds character. Orrrrr perhaps change it altogether to my name. JUST KIDDDDDING... Honorable mentions perhaps?! :PSweet Addiction... Definitely that.
4	Love the concept. Who doesn't like ice cream sandwiches? They did a great job of transforming the old Waffles Cafe space. It looks a million times better. The staff is super friendly and informative.They serve Thrifty ice cream, which seems to be a big deal to anyone from California. To me... not so much. I grew up on the east coast. The ice cream, however, is very tasty. $3 will get you your choice of two cookies with two scoops of ice cream between them. I think that's a pretty good deal.I got strawberry cheesecake ice cream with chocolate chip walnut cookies. The ice cream was smooth and creamy, the cookies were too hard. It was tough getting the sandwich out of the styrofoam container, so I just ate it out of the cup with a spoon instead. No biggie.My son got the rainbow sherbert with chocolate chip cookies. He loved the ice cream and his cookies were perfect -- chewy and moist. Perfect for taking a bite out of without the ice cream shooting out the back. Just like his dad, he doesn't like to share his food, but I managed to try a little bit.With ice cream sandwiches it's hard for anyone to top Coolhaus in LA, NY, etc, in my mind. They've got a ton of unique flavors. I'd love to see Sweet Addiction add some crazy flavors like that (whether they make it themselves or source it from someone else). In the meantime, I'll have no problem enjoying the ones they do have. It's a great, locally owned shop that I'll be happy to support.
5	Loved this place. Love that they have Thrifty ice cream! I used to go to smartys gas station to get Thrifty Ice cream. Its a dump there, so the opening of Sweet Addiction was refreshing & exciting!
5	There isn't much in the world of food that I enjoy more than a good cookie.  Certain buffets I've been to have actually been upped/deducted a star or so based on their freakin cookies.  That may be harsh but that's how much I like them.  Snickerdoodles, oatmeal raisin, peanut butter, sprinkles, anything with chunks of chocolate, you name it and I am down.  Having only to choose 2 cookies to sandwich my ice cream took a while.  But I will be back for many more combinations that is for sure.  I am not familiar with the Thrifty ice cream brand but I am certainly a fan now with all the crazy flavors they have.  I went with the "Birthday Cake" which accompanied my snickerdoodle/chocolate macadmia cookies very well.  My wife got the "Bubble Gum" flavor and it was love at first sight.  Blue colored ice cream!   So simple, so great, soooo looking forward to my next trip.
5	I love cookies and cream like a fat kid loves cake. You can't lose coming to a place like this. I mean, I don't think I've ever really had bad ice cream or cookies in my life. So combine Thrifty's ice cream with Mrs. Field's Cookies, you have a winner in my book (It's not Mrs. Field's cookies but WAYYY better). Add in the fresh clean look of Yogurtland, I think this could be a sustainable business model. We just need coffee!!!
5	I normally wouldn't do a review after only one visit. However, Sweet Addiction is very far from where I live. Probably about a 25 minute drive with light traffic. So, with that being said - it is a good thing Sweet Addiction is so far from my house because if they were close I'd be here every weekend getting my sweet tooth on. First off, it's such a novel concept - ice cream, cookies... who doesn't love ice cream and cookies? Then you put them together - and BAM - well of course, awesome ice cream sandwich with wickedly awesome, fresh baked cookies!When my fiance and I arrived here on a Sunday evening it was not too busy, although there were a few families eating at the tables when we walked in. The staff was very friendly and were giving samples to the customers in front of us in line. I decided on the chocolate chip cookies (mostly because some had just come out of the oven) and the mocha almond fudge ice cream. My fiance got the cake batter ice cream with the M&M cookies. He said his cookies were a bit tough, but mine were awesomely perfect. Having just come out of the oven they were soft and the little bit of heat gently melted down my delicious Thrifty ice cream so I could squish the sandwich enough to get it dispersed evenly.I have never heard of Thrifty ice cream until this shop opened, but apparently it is very popular in California? I noticed no difference between it and other specialty ice creams I've had. I mean, it was good, but the best ice cream I've had in my life? Probably not.Overall - such a great concept. Very good portions for a very cheap price. Both mine and my fiance's sandwiches came to just a little over 5 bucks! That's a steal.
4	Sweet Addiction is in walking distance... can you say trouble? The husband and I had a hankering for something sweet and stopped in. We didn't grow up with Thrifty ice cream so we asked for a recommendation, we were told the Chocolate Malted Crunch was a winner. We went with that and chocolate chip and brownie cookies to make it a sandwich. The cookies were not the same size and the scoop of ice cream was too lopsided to enjoy it as a sandwich, but that's not to say it wasn't enjoyed. I loved the cookies. I was less thrilled with the ice cream, I grew tired of the malt flavor, but that's just a personal thing there are dozens of other flavors to try. We were able to save 50 cents by checking in on facebook. My only nitpick is the styrofoam bowls... I have an aversion to sound of friction on styrofoam and the cookies fit snug and the noise is hard to avoid. Bizarre, I know.
1	AKWARD. Really disappointed by the service. We were ignored, skipped, helped, ignored, skipped, and then the people before us were about to be rung up and we had to interupt them to remind them they were ignoring us again because we'd be sitting at cash for 5 minutes while they worked to help their friends. There was one guest ahead of us and one behind, and all of this took 1/2 hour. WHAT?? We weren't acknowledged when we entered the store but the people after us were- all three employees were catching up with them because they were obviously friends. It was REALLY bad. . . so embarrassing. The cookie sandwich was great but our guest experience was really a bummer.
4	We stopped in here about a half hour before they closed on Sunday night, so they were out of a few types of cookies (the white chocolate cookie particularly bummed me out). But, it was late so no biggie! The lady behind the counter was very nice and friendly and asked us if we wanted to sample anything. We sampled a few before we decided.I ordered one tuxedo cookie and one peanut butter with Medieval-something-or-other ice cream. The lady helping us said it was a new flavor and she hadn't sampled it but that it had caramel and chocolate swirled into vanilla ice cream. Sold. After I paid, I actually looked at the menu and noticed that they had toppings like caramel and fudge sauce. I wish I would have noticed that... but I'll keep it in mind for next time. The cookies were a bit hard, probably because it was late and they weren't as fresh... but they were still REALLY REALLY DELICIOUS, especially the peanut butter cookie. Also, Thrifty ice cream never disappoints and this new flavor was amazing. Cookies are one of my favorite things on earth.. especially when home made, so this place is a HUGE winner in my book. I will definitely be back. I would also love to see them make some type of a salted caramel chocolate chip cookie (hinthint)!
4	I swear I was just going to have a bite.....I ended up eating more than my half of the ice cream sandwich goodness.  Home made cookies....about 8 or more different types.  We tried the white chocolate macadamia nut and chocolate chip with walnut....and both were good but I preferred the chocolate chip with walnut since it wasn't quite as sweet.  They serve Thrifty ice cream, which I've been told is the best....you'll have to try it out and judge for yourself.  Overall very simple but creative concept and you can't really beat the price of $3 for two cookies and a scoop of ice cream =)
5	The cookies and ice cream were totally AMAZING!!It reminded me of Diddy Riese in Westwood Village in Los Angeles.  Even though Diddy Riese's was bigger and cheaper, I would actually prefer this one.  The cookies are very delicious where every bite you can taste the softness and the chocolate.The ice cream is one of my favorite brands Thrifty's too!I'd recommend this for people with a sweet tooth and people visiting.
5	Homemade cookies and Thrifty ice cream... Need I say more? Go try it.
5	This is a cute new place to try. COOKIESTheir cookies are amazing. My favorite ones would be the Tuxedo and the White chocolate macadamia. ICE CREAMThey Thrifty's ice cream is reasonably priced. I have tried the Chocolate Malted Crunch and the Birthday Cake. The Birthday Cake was pure goodness ;) SERVICEThe service was great because they were very friendly.TipI like to get my cookies on the side because the ice cream melts pretty quickly in this terrible Vegas heat. The cookies end up being super soggy. OverallGreat place to try as soon as possible!!!:)
5	We stopped in for a treat when we were in this part of town... and then came back the very next day! And it is quite the drive for us! Staff is super nice and the flavor combinations are endless. Homemade cookies are delicious and when combined with ice cream even better!
5	I have to say that I was pretty sad when Waffles closed down. Months later, I saw the signs for this place and was curious to see what they had to offer. My husband and I came here with the family one day after eating dinner at Hot and Juicy Crawfish. I believe at the time they had only been open for about a week. The staff was very friendly. They explained that they specialized in ice cream sandwiches and offered us samples to any flavor of Thrifty's ice cream. We all ordered a ice cream sandwich and enjoyed our desserts! Who would have thought that such a simple idea would taste so good! Hot, fresh, homemade baked cookies + tasty and creamy ice cream = awesome! and for $3 each, you can't beat that. I also like how the chips in the mint chocolate chip and chocolate chip ice cream are thinly shaved, in comparison to the thicker chunks that are found in most other brands.Its funny, we lived in California for about 5 years and have never heard of Thrifty's ice cream. After reading up on it, I discovered that they were selling it at Rite Aid. LOL, that explains everything, I think I went to a Rite Aid location maybe once.We have been here a few times now. Our usual plan on our weekends is to eat dinner somewhere and then drive to Sweet Addiction for dessert! If you think about it, you may have to spend $10+ to share one dessert at a restaurant. Here, my husband and I can both get something and spend less! Happy Tummy Approved! :)
4	Yummy!!!! Great way to end a day out with the family!!!
5	After seeing many pictures and check-ins for Sweet Addiction, I was determined to check out this place. When I arrived with my friend their staff immediately greeted us and was very friendly. I order an ice cream cookie sandwich with a chocolate chip cookie and chocolate brownie cookie with vanilla ice cream. It was delicious! It was also very cheap, since they give you 50 cents off your order if you check in on Yelp or Facebook. Overall, I was very pleased with my visit to Sweet Addiction and I can't wait to come back and try their other flavors!
5	Cookies and ice cream ... Together? So simple, it makes me mad that I didn't think of it first. The cookies are so good.... Definitely taste homemade. And I've been a fan of thrifty ice cream since childhood. When Rite-aid closed in Vegas I was so sad because I wouldn't be able to get my chocolate malted crunch anymore! I was thrilled when I saw the sweet addiction sign advertising Thrifty. I'll most definitely be back!
4	Thrifty Ice cream in between two homemade cookies? Yes please. I can only say what everybody else has said about this place, its amazing!! Any place that has thrifty ice cream, wins my heart. But, they make it even better....throwing 2 warm cookies on top and bottom of my scoop is heaven!  My new favorite spot..
5	Twice in one week... Geez... Great prices, great service and um... Delicious. I had white chocolate macadamia nut cookies (my favorite cookie) with pistachio ice cream (my favorite ice cream). You cannot fathom how happy I was. I am going to bring all of my friends here to support this wonderful new local business.
5	This place is amazing. I love thrifty ice cream and the cookies are the icing on the cake. The staff is friendly. Definately the best ice cream place in Vegas.
5	Me and my sister are California natives and LOVEEEEED our Thriftys ice cream, I used to have it all the time. We moved out here and found nothing quite the same. One day while going shopping we saw a sign that said "SERVING THRIFTYS ICE CREAM" We died!!!!!!!!!! I didnt care where, what or how much it cost....So we went in and were soooo pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere, how clean and fresh looking it was ANDDD that you came create your own Ice Cream cookie sandwich. We have been back 3 times since we discovered it and we cant get enough. Such a great idea to bring Thriftys Ice Cream to Vegas.... Now if only they will open a Henderson location so we dont have to drive so far!!!! (hint hint )
5	So i went in checked it out and had to go back after i figured out what i would want..so many choices. Finally choosing an ice cream sandwich with one white chocolate macadamia nut cookie and just white chocolate on the other smashed with pecan praline- THRIFTY ice cream for those who knows the importance of that!!YUMMY i have to save some for later. Will be going back to try more combinations and to get pints of ice cream :-)
4	So happy Las Vegas is finally getting more ice cream places. In the desert where it's so hot most of the time, you'd think there'd be one on every corner.I've seen Thrifty ice cream in drug stores around town, but never tried it. It was your average grocery store ice cream. I sampled the Medieval Madness, which was pretty good. But I got the Chocolate Malted Crunch which I've heard so much about. It was okay, I doubt I'd get it again. But I can't wait to try some of their other flavors like Birthday Cake and Circus Cookie. I paired my ice cream with a Tuxedo cookie (white and chocolate chips) and a Snickerdoodle. Their cookies are normal cookie size if you make cookies at home, but they are so good. I loved the Snickerdoodle! You can tell they're fresh, the Tuxedos were fresh out of the oven when I ordered mine, so the chips were melted and gooey. The ice cream melts into them nicely and makes it even better. All this for less than $3 (Be sure to check in on Yelp for a discount on your order.) They even make a Cookie Milkshake, doesn't that sound yummy. The staff is super nice and patient and will let you try ice cream flavors before you choose. Looking forward to more visits and sweet treats.
5	This place is great! Great selection of Thrifty ice cream and delicious cookies baked with love by one of the owners. THE COOKIES ARE SO GOOD. They also have various fancy bottled sodas and milk. All very reasonably priced minus the cartons of milk. They get ya if you are one of those people who needs milk with their cookies.I also appreciate that they are open until 10-11 when the real sweet cravings hit most of us. Mmm, nighttime guilty pleasures.
5	Customer Service: Amazing! They were so friendly and made sure we knew how to order and what the possibilities were.Food: I grew up eating Thrifty's ice cream in California and would eat it in Las Vegas at Rite Aid. The day Rite-Aid closed down was very upsetting but my joy soon returned as I started seeing more and more Thrifty's stands popping up around town. This is the amazing Thrifty's ice cream and deliciously fresh-baked cookies -- the combination cannot be beat! There are plenty of ice cream flavors and types of cookies to choose from. The Environment: It is simple yet unique. Plenty of seating inside and very inviting for customers to sit and enjoy their sweet treat. For $3 and amazing food, you must go!
5	I just love me some Thrifty Ice Cream and to top it all off you get to pick your own cookies to make an ice cream sandwich. I did not know what I wanted because there was so many flavors to choose from and I wasn't sure what cookie I wanted to try since I love me some cookies especially with any ice cream to chose from. I went with the chocolate malt ice cream with white chocolate chip cookie. It was amazing! This place is a definite must try if you love some ice cream and cookies. They also have a cookie shake!
4	Thrifty ice cream, homemade cookies and tons of combinations to make your own ice cream sandwiches.  What more can you really say?  Simply delish.
4	After a hefty amount of msg at thai style noodle house (next door), nothings satisfies that sweet craving more than 2 delicious fresh baked cookies and ice cream.This place has multiple types of cookies you can choose from for your ice cream sandwich.  Cookies were soft and fresh as well.  Defintely hit the spot!
4	I'll definitely need to try it out more. I went with a few friends and it was our first time (for all of us). We all tried different flavors.We all tried the Authentic Addict Cookie Sandwich (as you all know, with the $.50 check in, it'll be $2.70 total). That's a good deal. The price was better than we anticipated.There are many cookie flavors that you pick (you can pick more than one cookie flavor) with your ice cream sandwich. I got the mint chocolate ice cream with the chocolate brownie cookie. Pretty good -- the cookie got softer eventually.There are a few other things that I wanna try on my next visits so I'll be sure to update with that.For your first time, it's safe to go with the basic ice cream sandwich and play around with the flavors :). The place inside looks REALLY nice and clean. It's a good vibe to hang out at with your friends. And they're friendly :).
4	The ice cream and cookies are really tasty.  The service is great and the overall look of the place is awesome.  Great place to satisfy your sweet tooth!
5	Some places you fall in love with the moment you go in. Thats exactly how I feel about this place. Its a husband /wife duo that owns the place so its not a chain and I love that about it. The way it works is really simple. You pick out 2 cookies, DELISH and made from scratch, then pick out your icecream and there it is! They also sell things by themselves and they have cookie cakes as well as rootbeer floats. Everything is at a low pricepoint. Amazing people, remembered my name after only coming in once. Great place to go with friends or family, as there are tons of places to sit down and hang out! Ive been twice this week and will back soon Im sure!
5	this place is great, the mint chocolate chip cookie is outta this world, i buy a bakers dozen at a time. i highly recoomend you try this place out
5	How can you give anything less than 5 stars for a place that bakes their cookies from scratch everyday, and serves Thrifty ice cream? You can smell the cookies when you walk in, and it's intoxicating! Great selection of cookies and ice cream, I'm kinda a boring person when it comes to mixing ice cream with something else, so I went with vanilla (I know, I know) and my favorite cookie (which these are hard to find) oatmeal chocolate chip, and had them make a shake. So good! The girl at the counter (believe she was the owner) was so kind to us, friendly personality, reminded us to check in to get our .50 cents off. Prices are very reasonable as well. I wish them lots of luck! Can't wait to go back.
5	At the end of a meal, I'm always the one saying, "No, thank you," to dessert.  And then Sweet Addiction opened, and here I am ready to go whenever someone mentions it.  Cookies...my only dessert weakness.  Before Sweet Addiction, the only dessert that I would purposefully save room for would be pizzookies from BJ's Pizzeria.  Thankfully, I can have something just as good, for much cheaper, and closer to home...I did not grow up on Thrifty Ice Cream, but I can see the appeal.  3 Musketeers?  Animal Crackers?  Cotton Candy?  No, I did not know these ice cream flavors existed, but I am happy to have discovered this.  I'm sure that at some point I'll make my way through all the flavors, everything I've had has been delicious and tasted just like the base ingredients.  When it comes to cookies, I'm easy and go with chocolate chip and M&M.  Good ice cream sandwiched between soft, home baked cookies...that's all you really need to take from this review.
4	Awesome place!! So yummy.
4	The cookie monster would wet his pants if he ate here. Sweet Addiction is a tiny ice cream and cookie shop on Ft. Apache.  I love every bite and every morsel in this joint.  If you don't have time to choose, grab an $8 dozen and head out the door.  You won't be sorry.
5	Great place. Great staff. Great owners. A bit chilly but hey it's ice cream! Great job to the owners for living their dream and proving work for people and providing me with cookies and ice cream!
5	Excellent service, and excellent ice cream and cookies.
4	Thrifty's Ice Cream!!While needing an ice cream fix while out with our friends, we stopped by Sweet Addiction.  This place is all about the custom made cookie ice cream sandwiches.  You pick your ice cream and pick your cookie and viola!While I wasn't interested in the ice cream sandwich, I was able to get a scoop of the black cherry Thrifty ice cream.  My husband got the rootbeer float and our friends each got a scoop of the mint chocolate chip ice cream.Simple shop that serves Thrifty ice cream.  Service was nice and the place was clean.  I believe they even had gluten free cookies!
4	What a great concept!  The service was super-friendly.  The cookies are pretty good.  I tried the brownie ones and the chocolate chip.  I preferred the brownie ones.  Thrifty Rocky Road ice cream is always great.  I appreciate their late hours, too.
5	Another scratched off my to do list!Went here after dinner with a fellow yelper. The place we came from didn't offer any desserts that look all that appealing so i suggested Sweet Addiction seeing as i've heard nothing but good things about them.First impression was noticing that Waffles Cafe's banner is still on the plaza board.So what does Sweet Addiction offer one who's never been there before? Well they have a selection of ice cream flavors and cookies. They specialize in mashing ice cream between said cookies thus making ice cream sandwiches. I choose to go for a chocolate chip and an M&Ms with Pecan Parline in the middle. Excellent quality ice cream but the cookies could have been a bit softer. This is a great place to have a quick bite for a sugar rush.
5	Da Bomb. If you like cookies and ice cream this is your SPOT I promise you.  The prices are pretty fair for 2 cookies and a big scoop of ice cream $3 and maybe some change. This little place is amazing. They have the best cookies all hand made of course and thrifty ice cream which is pretty goodi in my opinion. A staple in my visits to sweet addiction are literally one of the best cookies I have ever had in my life! I am not joking when I say the Mint chocolate chip cookie from here is absolutlely amazing! Here is the deal it's made with "andes mints" and other deliciousesnous and I mave have just made that word up for those cookies I think. My fave: Mint chocolate chip cookies with mint chocolate chip ice cream cookie sandwich. but lately I have been getting one mint chip and one M&M cookie.  m          m m m m mmm mm I was there last night. so good.  The Vegas Villain
5	I'm not too fond of ice cream sandwiches...but after visiting this shop, I am. It's such a great place to take your kids, or a great place for you to grab some dessert with friends! If you're a kid at heart, you just might find this place is just as fun for you as your kids.It surely took me back into time as I grew up with Thrifty ice cream. That was when their ice cream sold for $1 a scoop! So, I thought I'd pass down my childhood delights to my favorite 7 year old friend and few 7 year old minded older friends.Don't let the ice cream casing deceive you, they have a WIDER selection list than that. They also have some gluten free offerings as well if you're not into GLUTEN or is allergic! For $16 I was able to order two ice cream sandwiches and 2 sundaes. What a deal! I ordered the pineapple coconut ice cream with macadamia nut cookies. The cookies are all made in the shop so you know it's fresh! My little friend ordered a cotton candy ice cream (enticed by the vibrant colors i assume) with M&M cookies. What an awesome combo! My childhood favorite was the malt ice cream which I am so glad they offer there, but I decided to try something different. The texture of the ice cream is so smooth and not too rich. It just melts so nicely in your mouth! I thought the cotton candy was going to be super sweet and extreme, but after stealing a bite or two from my friend, I was hooked. It wasn't too sweet. It actually had this nice creamy and milky taste too it, but it tastes JUST LIKE COTTON CANDY! Animal crackers flavor tastes JUST LIKE ANIMAL CRACKERS. My pineapple coconut ice cream with macadamia was such an awesome combo. Marissa also suggested that you try it with a brownie cookie. The service was AMAZING! Marissa was so sweet, helpful, and patient with our horrible decision skills. Her service mimics one of what a vintage ice cream shop would probably be like. Very personal, sweet, helpful, and fun to talk to! The place is small, but it's just right. Cozy and homey. It doesn't have that horrid commercial feel to it. It really is like some time portal because coming there made me feel like I was five again.DON'T FORGET TO USE YOUR CHECK IN OFFER! Check in on Facebook you get an offer too. Also, if you tag them on Instagram, you get an offer as well.
5	YUMMY!!! Seriously good cookies and great ice cream too! Customer service was excellent as well.
5	I LOVE this place! My husband and I take our 4 boys here often. Their homemade cookies are consistently awesome and the price is great as well. This place makes me SMILE :)
5	We went there Monday night and were very happy with the service and the food! Marissa and another woman got our orders out quickly (for 10 people) and we all enjoyed our creations. Locally owned. We will go back for sure!
3	I realize now that the main reason I like Thrifty ice cream is because it reminds me of going to the drug store and getting a scoop with my mom when I was a kid, not because the ice cream is actually good. (side note, Janel S says she used to go when it was $1/scoop - when was that, yesterday??? When I was a kid, it was .40 a scoop, and I'm not THAT old!)Anyway, back to the sandwiches. I loooove ice cream sandwiches and so I thought these would be extra good because you get to pick out your flavors. Unfortunately, even though they have lots of good-sounding flavors, none of the ice creams are that great. Second, a good selection of cookies doesn't really matter because they're all sitting out and hard. Third, the way the 'sandwich' is constructed, you can't eat it like a sandwich at all. The cookies are way too far apart and the ice cream doesn't spread all around.So basically, it's ok, but I had high hopes that the cookies would be good and soft (and I think they should be a lot thinner if they're used in a sandwich) and the ice cream would be delicious like I remembered. I drive by quite often, so I may be back in to give them a second chance.
4	Sweet Addiction is a small little place located on the west side of town, near 215 and Tropicana, specializing in ice cream cookie sandwiches. Their ice cream's are made by Thrifty. I don't know about you but for some odd reason, Thrifty ice cream is pretty good, despite the brand. Fresh baked cookies daily, and also quite the variety of cookies as well. Many ice cream flavors + various flavors of cookies equaling many different combinations possible ! Also, you are not limited to have TWO of the same cookie either in the same sandwich ! Nice note for yelpers, little discount upon check-in but valid only 1 per order. So if you want to take advantage of it, and a few people, have everyone check in and pay for their own. Haha. Staff is friendly and won't rush you if its your first time. Bright, clean environment. Great for kids ! Price very reasonable. Yummy after meal snack ! --------------------on the side note, they had this cucumber drink in their side fridge... it was kinda weird LOL
4	This is a pretty interesting concept, it takes ice cream sandwiches to a new level. The main difference is that they use fresh baked cookies, which they have a variety of different kinds catering to basically anyone. There are a variety of ice cream choices available and the ice cream is made by Thrifty. I've never had Thrifty ice cream before, but it was actually pretty good.  The shop itself is small but a good size, there are plenty of places to sit both inside as well as outdoors if you wish to. It is well lit location with a very friendly staff who can help you make some decisions if you're unsure what you want or if it's your first time. The prices are also very reasonable. They also have fresh baked cookies that you can buy if you don't want the ice cream, either single, half dozen, or even a dozen+Don't forget to check in to get the 50cent discount, it's only good off of one receipt, so if you're with multiple people I suggest everyone checking in and pay separately!
4	This place is really good.  It's cookies and ice cream.  What can go wrong?  They have lots of different ice cream flavors like birthday mix, medieval madness, and other things. My friend and I shared a chocolate mocha crunch (I think) with the tuxedo ice cream which had chocolate chips and white chocolate chips.  I really like thrifty ice cream.  The last time I had it was before they closed down Rite-Aid in Vegas.  You do get $.50 after the a facebook check in.  If you choose just to get the ice cream with the cookie, it's $1.08.  But why would you do that?  The only drawback is that they don't offer any water.  Their water isn't filtered at all, so they don't offer tap water to drink.  You have to purchase water for $1.50.  There is a frozen hot chocolate which I will try one day.  It's only 2.50, so I don't think it'll be better than Serendipity's, but you never know!  This place is definitely worth going again.
4	Ice cream sandwiches! My roommate and I just had lunch next door at the Thai place and decided that we finally had some time to try this place. It's small, cozy and homey inside and they have various flavors of THRIFTY ice-cream to choose from, even some more in back. I'm a huge fan of cookies and ice-cream so I'm really glad this place opened up near my side of town.
3	Two cookies with ice cream, you can choose the cookies, and choose the ice cream.  They put it together and serve it in a cup.  It's good cookies, they're fresh, the ice cream is "thrifty" ice cream, but it wasn't way out there like what I've been told, so overall, it's just two cookies with ice cream for about $6, I think I could do that at home!
4	After much anticipation and hype it was finally my turn to pay Sweet Addiction a visit. They really do live up to their name because I am officially addicted! I had the ice cream sandwich consisting of white chocolate chip cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream. The cookies, which are made on site are delicious! These cookies are the type you would get as a welcome gift when you move into a neighborhood. Homemade taste and appearance, get my drift? The ice cream is thifty's and they pack a good amount in there. There is also a 50. cent off when you check into yelp, but the prices here are pretty reasonable.  I also ordered 3 cookies to go because it's 3 for $2, beats the price of Mrs. Fields! The inside is really clean with neon colors making it give off that happy vibe. Eating and seeing happy would make anyone come back, especially me!
5	Yup, As good as it gets! Soft delicious cookies, Yummy Thrifty ice cream, and an incredibly friendly staff! Also, make sure to check in via Facebook, they apply a generous discount to their loyal customers, and they remind you to check in during check out, other greedy business's dont do that. This staff must truly care! All in all An awesome inovation i cant wait to return later tonight... IM ADDICTED!!!
4	This exciting new ice cream store is dangerously close to my house. I can feel it's sweet, addictive force draw me in as I drive past it every day. Perfect timing for some friends to visit because it gave me a great excuse to try something new with some good company!Cookies are freshly baked every day and boy are they good! I see that Thrift's is a well-known ice cream, but I've never heard of it. Either way, it was delicious. It was very thick and creamy, it seemed a lot like custard. I got the tuxedo cookie with birthday cake ice cream in a cup. The birthday cake was a little too sweet for me, so I ended up tossing it half way in. Check in to get a deal! Owner was very friendly and to top it off, everything is very well priced! Ice cream and a cookie cost me less than $2 (with the deal)!!
5	I grew up with Thrifty Ice Cream in So Cal so I was excited to check this place out.  I had a couple Plum District deals so I didn't try the ice cream sandwich as I was getting my items to go.  I bought a quart of chocolate malted crunch, which is my favorite, and a quart of pumpkin and some cookies.  All good.
5	This place is great.  Thrifty Ice Cream is the best and reminds me of when I was a kid!!  A must try.
5	$3 build your own ice cream sandwiches. There are a ton of combinations, and the portion size is huge. I can't believe this even exists, let alone for the price they are charging. I had a cookies n cream ice cream with a tuxedo and chocolate fudge cookie. We just had a big meal, but in just about any situation this would have been enough for me to share. I hope these come to the East Coast soon.
5	This should be a THE EXAMPLE STORE on how to build your business on Yelp!I found my way here through yelp and word of mouth - coming HIGHLY recommended.  When you check in here, they give you a little discount when paying.I haven't tried much variety, being that I am a creature of habit and when I find something good, why change it?The chocolate brownie cookies with chocolate brownie ice cream is a guilty pleasure for sure!  They girl always reminds me that there is nuts in there, and I am absolutely fine with that.Nice, clean place.  Friendly people.  Delicious ice cream sandwiches.  THRIFTY Ice Cream!  I've heard people rant and rave about this brand.  Give it a try, you won't regret it for sure!
4	This place has amazing cookies, thrifty ice cream and great service.  The cookies were so good, I'll probably just skip the ice cream next time and get cookies and milk!The peanut butter cookie was the best I've ever had.  It has the perfect ratio of sweet and salty.  Don't let the "gluten free" moniker scare you, it was the best part of my sandwich.I also LOVE that it is about half the price of big chain ice cream stores, with better quality and I'm supporting a small, local business.
5	Who would have ever thought of inventing a cookie sandwich with ice cream in the middle. This place is delicious! We decided to have the white macadamia nut cookie with almond mocha ice cream.. I must say it is damn freaking good! It's too bad they are located on the west side of town but good news Henderson Yelpers! They are planning to open one soon on our side of town.. Now that is dangerous for my diet.. but who cares its worth it, you will be on cloud 9 for 10 minutes, try sweet addiction now for an orgasmic experience in your mouth!
5	Preposterously inexpensive, absurdly good. Last visit:Sat 8 Dec 2012 1030PFavourite dish:White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookies w/ Coconut Pineapple Ice CreamReally, really cool concept. Since it is only 3$ for two cookies with thiftty ice cream, you might as well come here instead of doing it at home yourself. You can ask which cookies they have coming out of the oven next and use those for your dessert (but this inadvertently can lead to poor choice in combination [I once ordered snickerdoodle with rainbow sherbet {bad idea}]).  Tips:Bring your own water. Check in on the Yelp application for fifty cents off your order.Or better yet get the groupon (if available) where 4$ pays for two sandwiches and three additional cookies. Don't be an ass: put a tip in the tip jar. - E
5	Who doesn't like cookies and ice cream? Who doesn't like cookies OR ice cream!? Honestly though, it's amazing. They have half a dozen flavors of cookies, and even more flavors of ice cream.The beauty of this place is you don't have to stick with just one cookie type, you can have a snickerdoodle and a peppermint with cotton candy ice cream. Try and get the cookies that are fresh out of the oven and still warm, it makes the experience that much better- but be warned, the cookie doesn't stay warm for long, so just devour it.Single cookies are 75 cents each, and you can get just ice cream with chocolate sauce and whipped cream if that's your thing. They serve Thrifty ice cream here.The prices are very low, considering the amount you get.Remember to look on the wall next to the ice cream, there is a list of more flavors they have in the back (coconut pineapple ice cream is listed here, and it is by far the best they have).You have endless options, but be careful, you might not like the concoction of your choice, so don't hold it against them.
4	Great place to get something sweet especially in the hot summer! I got a white chocolate chip macadamia nut cookies with vanilla ice cream. I was surprised how big it was and pretty filling. The cookies weren't as soft as I expected it to be. I paid $2.50 for the ice cream sandwich. Usually it would be $3 but if you check in you get a $0.50 off discount.
3	Weekends are when I look forward to browsing through my Groupons and trying new places. After a filling meal at 808 sushi, it was time for a sweet. We decided on Sweet Addiction since we were in the area. The shop is pretty cute. It resembles pretty much any yogurt shop around town. They have a variety of options. Cookie and ice cream sandwiches, cookie sundaes, or you can choose cookies or ice cream separately. My fella and I opted for the cookie sundaes since we wanted to maximize our Groupon. I chose a tuxedo cookie and combined it with the black cherry ice cream. My fella chose the macademia nut and white chocolate cookie with banana ice cream. The best part about this place is the Thrifty brand ice cream. I grew up on it, but I'm really not going to drive out of my way for it. The cookies were my least favorite part of the dessert but are definitely made better by the ice cream.Not the most inventive concept, but the end result is pretty tasty, although they could definitely work on a better cookie recipe . I don't think I'll make this spot a regular stop on my dessert rotation, but it's a good option in the area.
3	Soft baked cookies that are periodically taken out of the oven, Thrifty's ice cream being scooped into each sandwich, and an onslaught of choices when it comes to creating your own treat are some of the constants you can expect from Sweet Addictions.The cookies are soft in the center and has a nice crisp around the edge. The ice cream is a staple for the nostalgic Thrifty's fan. I can see why Sweet Addictions is so popular with the residents around them because there isn't another place like it around. I split a sandwich and felt fine after. Normally, I am pretty greedy when it comes to frozen treats. There was just no push to get another or need to horde the first.
3	We came on a Thursday evening and used our groupon (4 for 8) to get 2 cookie sundaes. - Love the name! Creative. - Cookie sundae =  1 cookie on the bottom with 2 choices of ice cream. Topped with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. - Ice cream from Thrifty's. Average scoop size. A bit icy. Unique flavors such as circus cookie bits. I'd pay more for cold stone.- Concept has been done before. They have one in HB. Great that it's in LV!- Cookies are chewy. Personally, I think Mrs. Field's is better. Like the chocolate mint cookie. - Nice decor. Owl paintings. Support small business. Good for a quick fix. 3 cookies for for 1.50. Need more seating.
5	This place is extra clean. The staff are extra nice. Cookies and Ice Cream yey me! Its a nice family place. The cookies are HOME MADE. I posted a few pictures so check em out. The name says it all Sweet Addiction.
5	I don't get the whole Thrifty's Ice Cream excitement (I think Thrifty's is a little before my time). But I can recognize delicious things and Sweet Addiction has got them!At Sweet Addiction, my favorites seem to be the most colorful ones in the case. Like a child, I gravitate toward rainbow colored ice creams? The kid in me thinks they'll taste better I guess. Whatever the reasoning is behind my sub-conscious wanting pink and blue, candy-colored ice cream, I'm in love with the Circus Animal Cookie and Birthday Cake. They have other "normal" flavors as well but those are my go-tos. Cookie-wise I'll order whatever floats my boat. I've sampled the chocolate chip and white chocolate macadamia which are both winners. They're soft in the center with a little crisp on the edges--just how I like it! They've got a fridge of beverages with a few different kinds of root beer for.... you guessed it--root beer floats! Tip from the ladies of Sweet Addiction: Don't get too creative with your ice cream choice. Stick with a classic like vanilla because a mint chocolate chip root beer float just sounds nasty.I rarely eat ice cream. Long story short, I worked at Coldstone and ate too much Birthday Cake Remix. But if I'm taking someone on an ice cream run, Sweet Addiction has that chic, modern, and daresay slightly upscale decor that makes it the cool--but cheap--place to entertain yourself and other people. 5 stars!
5	Great service. Prices are awesome. ($3 for 2 cookies filled w/lot of ice cream in between). Lots of cookies & ice cream flavors to choose. Cookies are to die for! They have Cakes & Sundaes too.
3	I dig the concept ( in fact, little do they know, it was my idea !! I was actually looking at cookie and ice cream recipes for the same concept ... only better... honest ! ) nice selection of cookies and ice cream and the price point is excellent.   I hope this place can make it through the winter so i'll partake further in the summer months !
4	Simple concept. Cookies with ice cream, not too complicated. I enjoyed the cookie and although I'm not too familiar with the Thrity's ice cream excitement, I enjoyed that too. I had the oatmeal cookie with banana ice cream sundae. Good combo. The cookies didn't blow me away, but paired with the ice cream it was a nice dessert.
5	The husband and I have a new years resolution to go on a date, at least once a week, to a place that neither one of us have ever been to.  As the first week of January was nearing an end, we decided we had better get on it and find our place of the week.  We found this cute little place which was right down the street from our house and had shining Yelp reviews.  We pulled up and it was packed, which is a great sign for an ice cream shop in January.I honestly do know how this concept has never been thought of before. It's so very simple and so very genius: any flavor Thrifty ice cream you fancy, sandwiched between two warm, fresh out-of-the-oven cookies! The best part, the place is CHEAP! Like, crazy cheap! Our one sandwich ran us $3.50.  We had mint chocolate chip with mint chip cookies just to keep it simple for our first time experience. It was a perfect treat and we will be back again. Next time, I'll try to be little more adventurous in my ice cream sandwich concoction making.
4	Fresh baked cookies and Thrifty Ice cream
4	Wowee!  I finally got to try out the ice cream creations here with my son and a couple of friends and we were happy campers!  First of all, there's a Yelp check-in offer: .50 off--not bad since it's only $3 for one of their delectable frozen delights.  They have cookies that you match up with ice cream to make your own ice cream sandwich.  Snickerdoodles?  Oh yeah, my favorite!  They were out of cherry chip ice cream so I went with chocolate brownie and, voila, heaven in my cup.  We are addicted, and I like that this is a small business making it in the Vegas market--we will be back for our next fix soon!
4	Sometimes you just crave a sweet treat, so sweet addiction fills a definite need. I'm actually not a big sweets lover but a chewy cookie is high in my list!  This place delivered!! Yay! Chewy cookies. I had oatmeal butterscotch cookies with pecan praline ice cream sandwiched inside. Delightful. Utilized my check in offer and filled my belly with sugar for a mere $2.70. I'll go back. Cheap, cute, friendly, tasty.  May just have a sweet addiction now!
5	Bought a group on here, and it was everything I hoped for!me:white chocolate macadamia nut cookies with my favorite ice cream ever, chocolate malted crunchKiddo:m&m cookies with cotton candy ice cream,which was surprisingly amazing....and pretty. hot pink and turquoisedaddy:mint chocolate cookies with mint chocolate ice creamwe all love,love,loved our treats, and I'm so glad people bought me groupons as gifts, because I cant wait to return!Also You cane have two different cookies and they have different treats like cakes, malts, and sundaes, but I failed to get a pic, o well.
5	This place is so cute! The cookies were baked fresh. The ice cream sandwiches were awesome! I was prepared to pay $6 each but they only cost $3! What a treat!
4	I got the groupon for this place and I loved it. I like the concept of the business and the store looks very inviting. The ice cream is nice and creamy but the cookies can be a little crunchy. The portions are pretty big and are only $3 per sandwich. Overall,  it definitely satisfies my sweet tooth cravings!
4	This is an ice cream place for the masses!  Kids and adults alike won't be able to pass up these delicious ice cream cookie sandwiches.  My first time here and the server greeted me with a smile and asked if I had ever been there before (I had that "first-timer" look on my face, you know?).  She cheerfully explained to me that the sandwich consisted of two cookies - the same or like flavors - and one flavor of ice cream.  She gladly let me sample an ice cream flavor.  And, as I was getting out my phone to check in, she mentioned that I could get 50 cents off my order if I checked in via facebook or yelp.  How nice of her to volunteer that info!  I love a good discount!  I settled on 2 m&m cookies and the tried and true chocolate chip ice cream.  What a delightful ice cream treat!  As I whittled down my ice cream mound I became more and more excited to get to a point where I could easily bite both cookies and ice cream without destroying my sandwich.  It became a bit of a game.  It's OK, you can say it... "dork." lolA very satisfying treat and reasonably priced.  Score!
4	Groupon brought us here with $8 to spend last night.  I got the Chocolate malted crunch ice cream sandwiched by homemade chocolate chip pecan cookies!   Yum yum.  Earl isn't much of a dessert person but he could not stop raving about his ice cream sandwich, which was the pistachio ice cream with the chocolate brownie.  Those were $3 each so we had another $2 to spend.  We spent it on 3 cookies and devour those cookies tonight after dinner and they were still chewy and delicious.We will be coming back to Sweet Addiction when we are in the Spring Valley area!
5	This place is great! Build your own ice cream sandwiches=fantastic. You go in and pick from 10+ cookies, then you pick your ice cream 15+ different flavors. And they put it together. I think it's fantastic. If you don't like their cookies and "I've had better" obviously! Doesn't seem to me that they scratch make their cookies, but they are still good. Ill be back. Not too often because let's be honest they are huge portions. To all of you who think it was your idea. Really your idea?
5	What can I say?!?! Thrifty Ice Cream!I pretty much grew up with these ice cream! Brings back so much memories and makes me feel like a kid again. All time favorite, hands down, coconut pineapple!!And when SACIC decided to put it in fresh baked cookies, even better! Note: you can choose two different cookies to make the cookie ice cream sandwich.So,  if you're in the SW area part of town and want something sweet on any hot day in Vegas. Stop by Sweet Addiction~
5	This place in incredible! I went here when my little sister was in town who is 14, but has the biggest sweet addiction (hah) out of anyone I've ever met. At a very young age she decided she had a "dessert stomach"- a separate stomach solely for desserts that predictably enough, is never full. I'm bigger on savory- I'd take an appetizer at a restaurant over dessert any day. Anyhow, it's 9pm and she has a craving for cookies and ice cream. I'm almost resigned to going to the grocery store to pick up a pint and some pre-made cookie dough when I decide to Yelp the combo first. Sweet Addiction pops up and specializes in (whaddya know?!) cookies and ice cream. AND they're open until 10pm! Awesome!So we hustle on over, they're very busy inside their little store. I see they have Thrifty ice cream. Yes!! Then I see their cookie selection. It had definitely been hit hard as we were there late and they all sort of looked.. Well.. Like over cooked slightly burnt, gonna-be-crunchy cookies. Sorry, Sweet Addiction. This is, however, a perfect example of why you should never judge a book by its cover or a cookie by its color!These are the best cookies I've ever had! Sorry, mom. They are soft and chewy and taste oh-so-homemade! The walnut chocolate chip has finely diced walnuts, so it's a little hard to tell they're there. The brownie cookie is a fantastic chocolatey chew and taste just like boxed brownie mix (the best kind, of course.)I've been here three times now and can see myself returning again and again. I think Sweet Addiction may have done for me what their name claims to. They should partner with the gym down the street.
5	Yummm...fresh cookies from heaven
5	I am having a hard time writing a review for this cookies and ice cream shop, because just thinking about it makes me drool, and I have to urge to hop in the car and go get an ice cream sandwich right that second.  But, I shall stay strong and spread the good word of what a wonderful place this is!Okay, first of all- the cookies.  Yummy, soft and delicious!  I like the regular chocolate chip, chocolate chip and walnuts and the M&M cookies.  Fiance strictly orders the chocolate chip oatmeal because he loves it. The ice cream!  Even if you don't want an ice cream sandwich (but who doesn't?  Really...), you can get all sorts of Thrifty brand ice cream.  From vanilla to birthday cake, your scoops are covered.Put the two elements above together and a dangerously addicting combination is born!  For the price of an ice cream sandwich, plus the Yelp deal and their stamp card (via Perka app), it's a steal!  The people who work there are always smiling and friendly, and even though they are always packed the service is quick!  The best part, for me anyway, is that they are only a short 5 minute drive away and open pretty late!
4	When I heard about this place my first thought was AHHHHHHHH ICE CREAM SANDWICHES. Being a big fan of dessert I felt this was an appropriate reaction to finding out that there was a dessert shop that just made just ice cream sandwiches. So after I calmed down I made haste to this magical place.I had tuxedo cookies (Regular and white chocolate chips) with birthday cake ice cream. It was everything I wanted and more. The cookie had the perfect amount of firmness so it was easy to eat and held the sandwich together. The ice cream is of the thrifty variety.  Plus if you check in on yelp you get a discount which makes it even better. The lack of the 5th star is because the person I was with ordered chocolate chip cookies that ended up being rock hard which was sad for them.  I'll work for cookies.......and ice cream
4	Sugar and sweet and everything GOOD!If you like ice-cream cookies then this is the place.  They have a great selection of cookies and ice-cream.Their chocolate chips cookies are the best.  They have floats there too.  I have seen their cookie cake and it looks fun and cool to have at a party.Check in on yelp and get 50 Cents off.  Never a long line and always people inside.
3	I like the idea of ice cream sandwich store, but not quite sure how it will last during the winter. The cookies were very good, but the ice cream was very sub par. It didn't taste home made, to be honest it would make a world of a difference if it was.  I had 2 white chocolate macadamia cookies with vanilla ice cream. I have had something similar in LA called Cool Haus, which is pretty much the same thing, but on a truck!
4	Great customer service and product! I ended up getting the Banana Nut Ice Cream (not displayed in the front) in between a White Chocolate Chip Macadamia Nut and a Oatmeal Butterscotch cookie. The cookies were moist and fresh and I thought the ice cream had a great banana flavor. They had a ton of ice cream and cookie options to choose from. I personally felt that it was better than LA's Diddy Riese and up to par with Berkeley's CREAM. Some people may say the $3.50 for the sandwich is a bit steep compared to those other places, but I think Sweet Addiction has a better quality cookie and gives a more substantial sandwich.We were in there while they were training a new hire and I was very impressed with how thorough they were when it came to cleaning and using your time effectively. When I worked at Hot Dog on a Stick, the motto was, "If you have time to lean, you have time to clean!" and I think this store embraces that -- right when we left the store, someone had wiped down our table within seconds!
3	Did I go on a bad day?First let me say that the ice cream gets five stars. Oh how I've missed Thrifty's, and Sweet Addiction has so graciously brought it back into my life.The cookies are uhm.. not very good. I only tried two - the white chocolate chip macadamia and the chocolate brownie. The white chocolate was weird tasting. Barely any nuts, and probably too much butter because it tasted more like a shortbread cookie. The chocolate brownie was like a doggie biscuit. Hard as rock. It was really difficult to get over the texture.I will definitely try it again, at least for the ice cream.
5	We are sitting here watching the Oscars and my wife brings out Sweet Additions Cookies andIce Cream for desert. Five stars for both the ice cream and cookies. We love this place.
5	What more could you ask for fresh cookies and ice cream!!!
4	Yummy Ice cream. Thrifty ice cream has been a LONg time fave! Cookies are yummyyyyyyy too
4	Very good home made cookies tried peanut butter, chocolate chip w/walnuts, brownie and oatmeal. I love Thrifty ice cream.
5	Oh man, this place is bomb.com.  The cookies were so soft and delightful.  it was like an angel landed on my pallet and I devoured it with my teeth :O  This place is usually packed with a line, but it goes pretty fast.  Also, a yelp check-in gives you 0.50cents off your purchase!
5	It seems like such a simple concept:  Pick a cookie & ice cream and make a sandwich, that it makes you wonder why it's so popular.Well the ice cream is really good (manufactured by Thrifty) and the cookies are fresh!  You have your choice from 10+ kinds of cookies and even more flavors of ice cream, making you perfect your combination on each visit.The price point isn't bad, just a little more than the per-wrapped Nestle Toll House sandwich's you buy at the gas station.  You won't need to worry about breaking your teeth on the frozen cookie with these though!
5	Let's be real. This ice cream sandwich place is really more like "Serious Addiction." I am here more often than my fake diet permits but those with sweet teeth like myself (it's a problem if it extends beyond more than one tooth) sympathize, I'm sure! For displaced Southern Californians like myself who were privy to the wonders of Diddy Riese, this helps to bring you one step closer to home. The partnership this place has with Thrifty ice cream also means that it's not just #ThrowbackThursday; it's more like #ThrowbackEVERYDAY. They run great promos for those of you that check in at Yelp and have a digital punch card that rewards you with one free ice cream sandwich for every 10 you purchase. The staff is so sweet (how appropriate!), the decor is adorable, and it's residential locale means that until tourists discover this gem, it's still very Cheers-esque: where everybody knows your name.
3	The ice cream was very good.  The service was nice.  The problem is, the place is filthy.  Trash can over flowing.  The chairs full of ice cream and there was a huge hair on my chair.  They need to send someone from behind the counter to clean every few minutes.
5	Friendly, delicious, and if you just want the ice cream just ask. But the cookies are amazing!
3	2.75 stars. I'm rounding up. Went here a couple months ago. Finally getting to writing a review. When I imagine an ice cream cookie, I imagine two super soft cookies with creamy ice cream between. Though the ice cream was good, the cookies definitely did not live up to my expectations. Got sugar (or was it snicker-doodle?) and chocolate chip. Both hard. Crunchy almost..I agree with Oscar R.- the cookies should up on display up at the front along with the ice cream. Don't see what all the hype is about but I am willing to give this place a second chance.. maybe it's all about timing. Come in when the cookies are fresh baked and maybe they'll be soft and chewy.
5	Oh. My. Stars. Is this place forreal? I've been meaning to try this place for about a month and I finally did and now I must go back! Everyday! Until I try every possible cookie/ice cream combination possible! The idea of an ice cream cookie sandwich sounds so simple yet who knew it could be this amazing? I don't know if they rotate ice cream and cookie flavors per season or what not, because it doesn't seem like there is a giant selection as you would find with many other ice cream places but I guess all the cookie/ice cream sandwich combinations can truly add up. I had the sundae on a snickedoodle cookie (which tasted like Christmas) with a scoop of birthday cake ice cream and a scoop of chocolate malt ice cream topped with whipping cream and chocolate sauce and it was incredibly scrumptious. My mom had the pecan praline ice cream sandwich on a snickerdoodle and gluten free peanut butter cookie and that peanut butter cookie was to die for. We must sneak away here for desert more often and try everything else soon!
4	Thrifty's ice cream AND fresh baked cookies? I just died and went to sweet tooth heaven! I've been here about 4 times, and by far my favorite combination is birthday cake ice cream with snickerdoodle cookies. Just the right amount of birthday to make anyone snicker!
2	Ok, I REALLY wanted to like this place. The concept and cleanliness/ vibe is totally cool, but I'm there for the ice cream sandwiches after all. Sweet Addiction, I hope you're reading this... I went there with my chef boyfriend and we both were super excited to try their fare. After sitting down and taking our first bite, we both agreed:Nothing wrong with the cookies. If you catch them fresh, they're a nice combo of chewy and crisp. Sturdy enough to hold up to a melting blob of frozen dairy in the middle, which I can appreciate. I recommended their visibly popular oatmeal-raisin, which seemed to be one of the lowest (if not THE lowest) stack in their cookie shelf.Our major gripe was the ice cream. Boy was it... icy. I wouldn't call it ice cream but dairy-tinged sorbet. Seriously, it was watered down, not creamy, and just.. not good. I know there's some kind of cult following in random groups about Thrifty's ice cream, but if this stuff is it then... sorry to say, I can't support it! No creaminess whatsoever. It tasted cheap, watery, and we BOTH ended up sadly scraping the "ice cream" off and morosely eating the cookies. Like I said, we WERE both primed to enjoy their fare. I'm from third world Asia and it didn't really bother me, but my boyfriend (the chef, with professional training in commercial food safety and cleanliness) was particularly worried about the cookie shelf, which is in the open air, without any sort of covering over it, high up near the ceiling. Very vulnerable to any flying bugs or whatever else may be floating in the air. Not to mention, prolonged air exposure is a baked good's worst nightmare. Sweet Addiction, we want to like you guys, but we won't be back till the ice cream gets upgraded.P.S. I bought like FOUR Groupon certificates in anticipation of loving this place and getting a good deal... ended up using ONE certificate and contemplating using the rest for just cookies. We gave one to one of his friends who has a sweet tooth, hope he enjoys it more than we did.
4	Loved it! Thrifty ice cream (throwback to my childhood) and a homemade cookie of my choice to complete my very own custom ice cream sandwich... Brilliant idea! I will be back :)
5	Three words: Thrifty Ice Cream!
5	So good.   You cant go wrong with Thrifty's Ice Cream wrapped with a cookie!   Staff is so friendly.
3	I would like this place more if I've never had Diddy Reise in Westwood.  But alas since I know what those taste like and I know part of their appeal is to be super cheap, then this version just seems like a glorified copy. They are tasty but the price is what keeps me from going so often.
5	always good for an after dinner desert, employees are always friendly also
5	For those of us who grew up with Thrifty ice cream, the first bite will be pure nostalgia! Being a California native, I was upset when all stores vanquished. But to my surprise, my new home town is flourishing with stores that serve this premium ice cream. Sweet Addiction is the place to go for a good sugar rush!
2	Eh.We came later at night so maybe it was an off-time for them. It was not that busy when we came in and a lot of the tables had sticky residue left on it from earlier patrons. Our cookie ice cream sandwiches were okay. Thrifty's Ice Cream is always bomb though. The cookies were pretty hard. I don't feel too inclined to go back and try again because the experience was pretty forgettable.
3	I would usually give this place 4 (or even 4.5 stars if it was possible), but tonight they only get 3 due to the service. It was a busy night but that's no excuse for an unfriendly staff and a downright rude cashier. We've been going here since they first opened. Prior to tonight, the staff has been great. But tonight they definitely looked and acted like they didn't want to be there. It's a good thing their cookies are delish, or I would be more inclined not to return.
5	The cookies are just like homemade, only better because you don't have to bake them. Then they go crazy by taking a giant scoop of yummy ice cream and making a giant cookie ice cream sandwich.  Also, cheaper than a bowl of frozen yogurt which is a big plus when you are treating the kiddies. I thought it was great.
2	this place has a similar concept to a few places in California for example: http://www.yelp.com/biz/diddy-riese-cookies-los-angeles#query:ice%20cream%20cookiehttp://www.yelp.com/biz/cream-berkeley-2I've only been to CREAM and it is 100x better than sweet addiction.first of all it is more expensive than CREAM. it is $3.50 for a ice cream sandwich and $0.90 for a cookie. sounds cheap in comparison to a cookie at Mrs. Fields or ice cream at Baskin Robbins, but compared to the places in California, it is expensive ($2.00 sandwich if you pay cash and $0.65 for cookies)2nd- the cookies were not good. the staff had said all the cookies were chewy but really they were borderline crunchy/hard cookies. not so great for the cookie sandwich experience. for a satisfying cookie sandwich experience you can't have a cookie crumbling in your hands after the first bite.3rd- I don't think they outlined well enough what to do when you walk in. there is no "line" and the signs aren't that helpful. employees didn't explain anything or ask us if it was our first visit. after my sister ordered and paid she heard someone else ordering two different cookies for their sandwich. no one had informed her that was an option.4th- got the praline and cream ice cream. nuts tasted old. soggy, not good.positives: open late for that late night sweet tooth craving. fun furniture. some room to sit. takes credit cards with no minimum.will probably not be returning unless I'm craving a scoop of thrifty ice cream
4	Thrifty's ice cream sandwiched between two delicious cookies?! My diabetic dreams have come true. I always get the chocolate malt flavor in between two chocolate chip cookies. Usually I take it to go with the cookies in a separate bag. They taste much better heated up and then placed onto the ice cream!However, visiting here frequently can cost money, so I've sometimes bought Thrifty ice cream (from somewhere else) and baked my own chocolate chip cookies. But for the days I'm lazy and only want to eat one, I come here (:That check-in offer is pretty sweet too.
3	I have to knock my initial review down a couple stars.  This last visit I was using the last of one of my daily deal certificates before it expired.  I got two quarts of ice cream each packed by a different person.  That's where I have a problem.  One was fully packed which it should be for the $6.50 price and the other was not packed firm.  Air was taking up half the space and I could feel the difference so of course out of curiosity I weighed them when I got home and a huge weight difference showed up on my kitchen scale.   Also, on my first visit I thought the cookies were good but in subsequent visits there is just no consistency in what you are going to get and in my opinion Mrs. Fields makes a better tasting cookie.  In all fairness I have never ordered the ice cream sandwich option so in that case when you are combining the cookie and the ice cream maybe it's so mind blowingly delicious that you don't notice that the cookies are a tad dry and lack flavor.  I've noticed other stores in the Valley now selling Thrifty Ice Cream so I may get my fix of double malted crunch elsewhere from now on.
1	Do not want. DO NOT WANT.I finally checked this place out and it was less than amazing. The cookies didn't look that great so I chose to go with a cone of "Medievel Madness" and one white chocolate macadamia nut cookie.The cookie was cold and uninspiring.  Weirdly, it was also a little salty.  At .90 cents, I wouldn't get this again.  I think Subway's cookies are better than Sweet Addiction's.  That's not a good endorsement.Also, after eating the ice cream, I was up all night with some really awesome gastrointestinal issues.   Since I made the terrible choice of having ice cream for dinner, I feel like Sweet Addiction may be the culprit. So, yeah, I'm gonna pass on a return visit.The sad thing is, the ice cream wasn't even that good.  I didn't grow up with Thrifty so I don't have that nostalgic bias that makes me think it's the BEST THING EVER.  To me, it's on the same level as Kroger brand ice creamIf I'm gonna get sick, the ice cream better be amazing!Boo. Pass.
5	Had to give the cookie ice cream sandwich shop a chance.  Such a great idea.  I had some medieval madness ice cream between two chocolate chip cookies.  My cookie was warm and slightly melted the ice cream.  Just right.Make sure to check out the "additional ice cream flavors" printed to the left of the counter... in case you want vanilla or cookies and cream.Yum!
5	I think I'm addicted!
4	Been here twice and it's my new spot when I have a sweet tooth for some fresh cookies and my fav, Thrifty Ice Cream this is the place.I love supporting local businesses!  Prices are reasonable and a perfect portion. Even the husband likes this place
3	This was a good change in dessert. Only problem I have is that you cant really eat it like an ice cream sandwich. The ice cream pushes out the opposite end when you try to bite into it, thus causing you to eat it in a bowl with a spoon. Not sure I understand this concept as its now ice cream in a bowl. VERY sweet. I love sweet things, but this was almost too much. Will I be back? Possibly. If I'm in the vicinity and craving ice cream I'll be back.
5	Flawless execution.Cookies are tasty and freshly baked, the ice cream is sweet and cold.Friendly staff, fast service and cheap.Cleaner or better tables and chairs would be nice but other than that this is a great place and perhaps only place for an ice cream sandwich.
5	my new favorite place just in time for summer!! The cookies were delicious, fresh, and warm and with the addition of thrifty's ice cream?!? Amazing. I look forward to coming here again soon
5	Thrifty's ice cream, and the option to put it between two fresh baked cookies.......need I say more?
4	This place is fucking amazing. If you come here at the right time, when the cookies are baked fresh its fucking bomb with the ice cream. The portions aren't bad, friendly staff, over all service was pretty good. Giving it 4 stars cause the last time I was here my cookie wasn't soft and chewy..unfortunately it was hard and not very pleasant but nevertheless the ice cream never fails to fulfill any sweet tooth cravings
4	The Ice cream was very soft/creamy which I like, Everyone was very friendly too. I loved their choices of flavors and I tried 2, to decide what I wanted to order.  I tried the chocolate chip cookie and the mint chocolate chip cookie. Both cookies were fantastic.  My cookie sandwich was $3.50 and I don't think there was enough ice cream on it to justify the price.  I think it's a tad over priced which is the main reason I'm giving 4 stars vs 5.  But it was very yummy and I'd definitely be back.
4	My ice cream sandwich was too big to eat like an ice cream sandwich. The cookie was a bit hard and the vanilla was nothing special. I am giving them 4 stars because I tried my Mom's strawberry cheesecake ice cream and it was delicious. I would pass on the cookie sandwich and get ice cream instead.
3	Been here a couple times; overall it's okay.The cookies tend to be hard in the cookie sandwich since they're surrounding cold ice cream. I tend to just order a scoop of ice cream now with one cookie. The ice cream is Thrifty ice cream, which is cheap and OK. I don't tend to crave Sweet Addiction, but if I'm in the area and want ice cream and cookies, I'll stop by.
3	It's  really good but kinda pricey
4	Cookies are freshly baked and quite tasty! ice cream is good because its thrifty's but nothing special!
3	I'm a fan of Thrifty Ice cream, however it's expensive for a desert place.It's worth trying for something different.
5	Friendly staff, great ice cream and cookies. Hard to find places, even in the food business anymore, that know how to treat people. Great job!
3	The homemade cookies are delicious, and so are the Thrifty ice cream; but I just want more variety in dessert.
2	I love ice cream. I love cookies. Ice cream + cookies = love? Sad to say, nope! :(A part of me feels bad because I have been to other ice cream cookie sandwich places that have executed this idea very well. I've been to Sweet Addiction few times. Two of those visits, I tried the ice cream cookie sandwiches that everyone has been raving about. Um, why are the cookies hard?? I tried them at night & mid afternoon - same result. You can't say that the cookies get hard because of the cold ice cream because the other places I've been to (Diddy Riese for example), their cookies are fresh, soft & chewy. The thing I do like is that they have Thrifty ice cream! I will still go here because of that - just no more ice cream cookie sandwiches.
5	I loved the idea of this place before they even built it, and it met and exceeded every hope I had for it. The prices are great, and the cookies and ice cream are pretty good. The interior is clean and the service is very good. Definitely a good place to beat the heat on a hot day!
5	Decadent and wonderful!!  How much better can it get?  Home made cookies with great ice cream.  I just want more!!
5	This place sells two things, cookies and ice cream, and not much else. That's probably why their ice cream sandwich is such a knockout. All the attention is given to make their ice cream sandwiches great. Let's focus on the cookies, moist and yummy, always fresh and made from scratch. No store-bought cookies here, boys and girls. And with a decent selection such as white chocolate w/ macadamia nut, m&m, and oatmeal raisin cookies, to name a few, you're bound to find a nice complement to the wide selection of Thrifty's ice cream they serve. And just starting at $3.50, you can bring all your spawn in after an expensive day at the nearby waterpark. Great summer treat as well as anytime of the year.
5	If you've read my review on Thrifty's, you'll know that we're fans! A store that has Thrifty's AND delicious homemade cookies AND a friendly staff?!?! That equals 5 stars to me!We're rarely on this side of town, but when we are, we try to make a stop. They are open later than the Thrifty's ice cream store on Pecos, so we love that. Plus, their staff has always been patient and helpful. You know, when you're standing there looking dumbfounded with your mouth open, with all these ice cream and cookie choices and you can't decided?! They'll offer helpful suggestions so you can stop drooling and start eating!You want cookies? Just ice cream? Sure...What you're actually supposed to do is make an awesome ice cream sandwich. You pick both, whatever floats your boat. My best creation was probably Thrifty's Medieval Madness ice cream in between two oatmeal raisin cookies. THESE COOKIES ARE YUMMY! Go try them, trust me...Probably about 6 tables inside. Not much seating, but kept clean. Yelp check-in special: $0.50 off ice cream sandwich
4	Two words: Holy sh*t! Between the ice cream and the cookie, I was in heaven.
4	Sweet Addiction is a great place to enjoy a quick, simple treat that will satisfy your sweet tooth. There are a variety of cookie flavors to chose from and same thing with the ice cream flavors. Ordering was super easy thank goodness because the place was packed. For the price, the ice cream cookie was a great deal. A good way to cool off in this heat. The kids I saw there really seemed to be enjoying the cookie/ ice cream combo. I think I will try the root beer float next visit.
5	So during dinner at Firefly, Vanessa asked where we were doing dessert. It had to be somewhere on Ft Apache since we were drinking earlier and she could just walk home. So I suggested this place. It's really easy to order. They offer all the flavors from thrifty ice cream (remember to look at the flavors written on the wall, not just in the display case). I got an ice cream sandwhich with coconut pineapple ice cream between white chocolate macadamia nut cookies. Super moist cookies with a huge scoop of ice cream in the middle. Nothing wrong with that!!! The owner looked pleased that a group of yelpers came in with the 50 cent off check in. I don't come here unless I'm on this side of town, but I will be back.
5	Good homemade cookies. Thrifty ice cream. Good prices. Nice people.
4	I got seconds in one sitting. End of review.But seriously. This place has really delicious BUTTERY cookies which they make ice cream sandwiches out of. The ice cream I had (note that I "sampled" twice) weren't icy or hard like they can be at a hand dipped ice cream shop, they were creamy and perfect like you expect. I had an ice cream sandwich composed of a snickerdoodle and chocolate chip with walnut cookies and brownie ice cream sandwiched within. Then I noticed they had my all-time fav listed on the side wall. Rocky Road. I knew I had to get myself some. The only reason I can't give this place a 5-star review is because I can't honestly see myself driving all the way to the other side of town to get these particular ice cream treats. There are a lot of places we make a drive for, but this place will simply be a stop on the way. TIP: make sure you take note of the available ice creams on the left wall near the display case.
5	I started a meetup.com group dedicated to desserts, and two of the members suggested this place. I had never heard of it, and shame on me for that!! This place is amazeballz!!!I went at 9pm on a Thursday night on my way to the gym. Don't judge. Anyway, it was jam packed!! I can't imagine what it is like on the weekends.I love the concept. Pick your cookies. Pick your ice cream flavor. And, they instantly whip you up an awesome ice cream sandwich on the spot. There are lots of choices for both. And, they will give samples if you are undecided.I had white chocolate macadamia cookies with pineapple coconut ice cream and hubby had the brownie cookie with 3 Musketeer ice cream. Both of us gave A+ to our selections, and were already planning what we were going to get next time!Cost for both was $7. And, portions were large (we had the single scoops). I cannot imagine what a double or triple scoop looks like.If you happen to be a purist, you can have just cookies or just ice cream.They are, also, open later which I love.Stop whatever you are doing and check this place out!!
5	Went there last week for a chocolate chip with chocolate malt crunch ice cream sandwich and it was bomb! Just perfect to share for two or perfect for yourself! Cute place and area too!
5	I absolutely love everything about this place! Always greeted with a smiling employee and of course (my favorite) chocolate brownie with mint chocolate chip ice cream always satisfying my sweet tooth!
5	I think there has to be something said about businesses who know what they want to do, are efficient about it, and offer good value, no matter how simple the concept may be.Sweet Addiction is all about the ice cream sandwich - you can buy ice cream separately or a dozen cookies, but when you go into this store, it's all about the combination. And it's only $3!I really enjoyed the Chocolate Malted Crunch, and all the cookies are really good and usually quite fresh as well. It's a great place for a quick small dessert.
3	I don't know why, essentially, a Thifty distributor is getting 5 stars for baking cookies, so I'm just gonna say this is average... Because it is. Do you want cheap ice cream and are too lazy to go one block north to Perfect Scoop (where they make their ice cream)? Then this is your average spot to have your average dessert.Cookies + ice cream in a bowl. There is honestly nothing else to say.
4	After a big dinner, I was craving for dessert. Since Sweet Addiction was the closest to my house I decided to check it out. I didn't even realize they serve Thrifty ice cream until I parked in front of the store! which was a plus. I use to live in LA long, long time ago and Thrifty ice cream brought back some childhood memories:) Only downside were the cookies. Their cookies weren't fresh that day:(
2	It's two scoops of Thrifty's Ice Cream between 2 fresh baked cookies of your choice for like, 4 bucks.  Maybe if you just wanted one ice cream sandwich and don't need the temptation of making several more, sooner or later... then yeah, this splurge will do.  White tables and chairs are dirty and the floor could use mopping on this late afternoon, since no one else is around...  Just saying.
3	today 10/12/13 i stopped in for a quick frozen treat.my family and i are frequent costumers and LOVE this place!! but today i was unsatisfied by the service, normally you get a loud hello welcome, However today was not that day. also the attitude the girl gave us while getting our order made me want to walk out with nothing. I would have given sweet addiction a 2 star rating but the cookies were nice hot and fresh today so i bumped it up a star.
5	My family and I love this place for dessert!  It always takes us forever to order with so many combinations available.  We try to get something different each time!  There cookie sandwich is awesome!  We were there just the other day and the guy behind us ordered 2 different cookies!!  I hadn't even thought of doing this!!  So next time we go I will be trying it out with 2 different cookies!!!  I can't wait!!
5	Today 11/09/2013 I stopped for the first time with my two kids for ice cream. The kids like it they have some sample tests and they loved it. I'll definitely come back here again.
5	The ice cream cookie sandwich is delicious!!!! Favorite dessert place in Vegas
4	Nothing special here. It's a simple concept, but it works. Who doesn't like cookies and ice cream? This place is practically the Diddy Riese of Las Vegas. Although they charge about $4 for an ice cream sandwich here compared to the $2 ice cream sandwich at Diddy Riese, the plus side is that they use thrifty ice cream. For those of you who've never tried Thrifty ice cream, you are missing out on life lol.
2	I've been a fanatic about this place since it first opened and have brought numerous different friends and family members to support this local business. I've also talked to the owner a few different times and she was always nice, but the young workers never were friendly. I just went after a date night right before closing, I showed up at about 9:45 (which I get, it's late and they don't want anyone coming) but I felt rushed to leave so I took it Togo. I bragged to my boyfriend about how much he was gonna like it, and he got a cookie sandwich with chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream. Halfway into his sandwich he found a blondeish, coarse hair sticking out of the ice cream that didn't even look like human hair. I work in the food industry, so I get things happen, but this piece of hair was literally disgusting and made me wonder how it was inside the ice cream... Questioning if I'll ever return. Super bummed.
1	I give this place 1 star due to cheapness & lack of respect for people spending $ in their establishment. They've been open over a year making money hand over fist & still give ghetto packaging in styrofoam containers with foil over the top. This is not acceptable the frozen ice cream sticks to the styrofoam & makes it impossible to scoop out . The styrofoam crumbles when frozen and cracks thus leaving styrofoam in ice cream. Look at the pictures of both mine and my husbands ice cream. Save your money & go somewhere that respects people enough to provide actual cups and lids to their customers.
5	What a great idea!  Was in town for a convention and looking for a sweet treat after dinner. Chocolate brownie cookies with mint chocolate chip ice cream. Delicious. The cookies were good and I don't think you can go wrong with Thrifty ice cream. Hoping to go back one more time before I leave town.
5	Cookies and Thrifty Ice Cream...how can I not love this place??
5	This place is so awesome!! Love it! Their cookies are nice and fresh off the oven. It never disappoints me. Oh, and just a tip, if you check into this place either on facebook or yelp, you get 50 cent off your ice cream sandwich.  All their ice cream flavors are good and of course their cookies are always so soft.
5	We were here visiting from out of town and I wanted to find a sweet treat for the kiddos. Found a deal from groupon and despite a few minute drive, was totally worth it. SUPER YUMMY!! Cookies were perfectly soft, ice cream was delish it was beyond a perfect combination. Add to that the super friendly people here, it was worth coming here, groupon or not. Highly recommend!!!!
5	Three words- chocolate malted crunch. Absolutely the best ice cream flavor. Ever. And these guys serve it up on  freshly baked cookies? For like four bucks? That's a sweet deal if you ask me. My husband and I even picked up a nice little piece of framed artwork by a local tattoo artist on one of our visits. I am all about supporting locally-owned businesses, and it is really nice to see local businesses supporting local artists....All in all, this is a great place. Oh, and if you check in on Facebook, they will give you $.50 off.
2	Love this place but with the new staff members this seems to be going down a little bit also would like to add i asked for a white chocolate cookie sandwich and they gave me white chocolate macadamia nut cookie now im not allergic to nuts but that is something I'd watch out for, also the cookies aren't tasting like they use to, also the new members  aren't  the friendliest.
5	Three Musketeers ice cream between 2 white chocolate chip cookies.
5	The best place to get ice cream and cookies! I love coming to this place just for the ice cream. I am a very big fan of thrifty ice cream, for some reason to me it is one of the best ice creams out on the market. To add that to a variety of delicious and soft fresh baked cookies is the best. My favorite is making a custom ice cream sandwich, which consists of a tuxedo cookie on top, chocolate chip ice cream in the middle and the bottom cookie is a snickerdoodle. This mixture for me takes me to paradise and I forget all my worries! Sweet addiction is a must try!
5	Came here for a groupon offer, now I am a regular. Their ice cream and cookies are to die for! Fresh, creamy and delicious!! Don't forget to pick up a cookie because they are just as good. Their selection on ice cream is a little limited, but they have all the important favors you would look for. Good service too!!
4	Chocolate malted crunch...everyone knows that's my kryptonite. . It doesnt help that my man loves ice cream either.
5	Absolutely love this place!  It really is a sweet addiction for me. & note to self: gotta limit, I WILL get fat from coming here so much haha
5	Seriously! Who doesn't love Thrifty's!!  Cute little ice cream shop, showed up 5 minutes after they were closed and putting things away and they still scooped up 2 pints for me! Mmm chocolate malted crunch!!
3	Alright, since I'm already not a fan of ice cream, I'll try to make this as unbiased as possible.I came in with my friend and I initially planned on not ordering at all. However, they had some kind of special going on where you text a number and your ice cream sandwich is buy one get one free. So I went ahead and texted the number, and showed my phone to the cashier who told me that my ice cream sandwich would be free if my friend bought one. After picking out what I wanted (I had mint chocolate chip w/ mint chocolate cookies), and after my friend pays for his, we were about to walk out.Suddenly the cashier yells, "So which one of you is paying for that?"Are you serious? Your promotion says it was free and you JUST told me it would be free. Buy one get one free right? My friend bought one. We get one free, right?I didn't carry any money on me, which is why I wasn't planning on getting anything in the first place. My friend ended up paying for two, and I had to pay him back later. As he was paying the cashier (a guy) was eyeing us down the whole time like we were thieves.If their ice cream was not exceptional, I would have given this place 1 star. 3 stars for the ice cream, nothing else.
4	I wasn't going to have one because I'm not a huge fan of cookie ice cream sandwiches but they had a BOGO deal if you text them so - why not? Boy am I glad I did! The ice cream is delicious and creamy and you get to pick your own fresh bakes cookies! You can choose 2 different cookies! WOW! Tip: It is more worth it to order a whole sandwich and split it than ordering 2 single cookie sandwiches. They put a LOT more ice cream on the whole sandwich.
5	Free samples, great ice cream!  My personal favorites are the black cherry ice cream and birthday cake.  Also, I can't seem to get away from the brownie cookie.  Definitely worth a stop in, especially for the price :)
5	Love this place! Tried it for the first time yesterday & I was impressed . They let you sample whatever you want and the ice cream is great. The cookies were also really good . The building is a little small but I'd never plan on eating there soo it doesn't bother me lol  This is my new spot lol
3	So nice to find thrifty ice cream.. but they staff is too young and unprofessional. I understand its an ice cream shop but that's no excuse to be rude.
5	My family and I have been going to this fine establishment for the past year. They serve quality products at great prices! They give back to the community and find every way possible to give you a discount on your purchase. This means a lot to me since my family and I go there about 3 times a week!! Born and raised in Vegas, I've never been to a better ice cream parlor in sin city!
5	YUM! Freshly baked cookies and ice cream brought together in a melty marriage of goodness. What is not to like?? Also, its great that they have two gluten-free cookie choices. That made my friend's day!
4	Many flavors to choose from but the ice cream is Thrifty ice cream s( rite aid ice cream) so not the best quality. The cookies are the best part and they even offer gluten free cookies!
4	I already love thriftys ice cream as it is so for this place to have their ice cream in between their own cookies is a plus!I usually get two scoops of ice cream for less than $3. My favorite flavors are birthday cake and chocolate malt crunch!When I do decide to get their cookie sandwiches I always go for snicker doodle and chocolate chip. Their cookies are so soft and it compliments with the ice cream. Very friendly staff as well.
4	Reallllly good cookies. Thrifty ice cream :) Good prices for the quality. I gave 4 stars only because the bathroom was super dirty  and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in quite awhile and the fact that their containers aren't environmentally friendly :(
5	Best birthday cake Icecream ever!
5	Omg. I wished I found this way sooner before I started my diet. My husband and I ate at Thai Noodle House and was looking for something sweet to end our dinner. We walked over and tried this place for the first time..it was the best thing ever!!! I had the white chocolate macadamia cookie with the pistachio ice cream which are two of my favorites. I wasn't too sure if they were gonna taste good together...and it did. It was the best thing I ever tasted. Will definetly come back on one of my cheat days for sure.
2	I live for Thriftys ice cream! From double malt crunch to black cherry and yes the occasional bubble gum or pecan praline. And I love a good cookie sandwich, a good chocolate chip cookie stuffed with Vanilla ice cream from the ice cream truck was always my first pick. But I'm sad to say that the cookies here are not for me. they are really tasty and good quality cookies but there not good cookies for an ice cream sandwich. There to soft, to chewy for a cookie sandwich, when you bite in to them they just crumble and smush into the ice cream. theres no foundation, it would help if they froze the cookies first or uses a batter that made them less soft.
3	Goodbye waistline......And that sums it up!!! This business is not for the faint hearted. The name could not be more spot on, Sweet Addiction, Cookies and Ice Cream, not to be confused with Janes Addiction as my other yelpers HH and RM tried to confuse me.Located in a regular strip mall next to a few unusual 20 something stores, just on South Apache and West Reno Ave. It is not hard to miss this place with a pretty easy to read sign out front.Shakes, flavored milk, ice cream products are all served here, but the main attraction is the cookie sandwiches. Ordering a customized sandwich to for fill any sweet toothed at heart.Going with the rocky road ice cream with m&m's cookie on one side and the chocolate cookie on the other, I truly believe that this would satisfy my inner fatboy! Unfortunately it wasn't to be. Although a interesting concept and half decent ice cream, I felt like this business missed the mark and went a little overkill. The cookies were not as fresh as I thought and the ice cream was run of the mill.Although this place is unique, I feel now ive been there and done that. Nothing really grabbed me to say come back other than the day I feel I need to eat my feelings.Overall Cleanliness: 3-5Price: $Food: 3-4Back again: Nope (that's a lie, if friends want to come here I can't stop them)
5	I find some of the negative reviews on here pretty funny... these ice cream sandwiches are like $3. $3! .... wait... did you miss that... $3. I'm sorry but I have a hard time complaining about tasty treats that only cost $3. Especially when they are homemade from scratch cookies with delicious ice cream. Someone complained about the ice cream selection... umm... they have over 20 something flavors. I don't know where that guy goes for ice cream but I'd say that's pretty damn impressive for such a small little shop. But I get it... everyone has there own opinions... but c'mon... $3! Lot of debate on what an ice cream sandwich should be.... well then open your own ice cream sandwich place. Not all ice cream sandwiches are created equal.Anyway.. enough about everyone else. I experienced very friendly service, really good cookies (tuxedo) and tasty ice cream (vanilla... yeah i'm boring... so what). Biting into it was a bit difficult and I had to split it in half like an oreo. I don't mind the extra work! All going to the same place.Until next time....
5	This place is great and has a good selection of ice cream .  So close to my house as well which is a plus.
4	Nostalgia. I'm an 80's kid so I came for the Thrifty's ice cream. I've actually been here a few times but tonight's visit was different in a good way. I got circus animal flavor ice cream with snickerdoodle and sugar cookies to make my sandwich. Because who's counting calories tonight...not me. F a diet. At least for tonight. In the past the cookies were a bit on the hard side, not the best texture for a ice cream sandwich. Tonight's cookies were soft which made for a perfect sandwich. Their "scoop" of ice cream is Huge. I'm guessing people may complain of price (this ain't the 80's anymore and we must get over the 25 cent a scoop deal) but when you're getting a product/treat like this you forget about $'s sometimes. Staff is friendly. Place is kept clean. Good amount of space. Bonus that they have the table style arcade game set up and cool unique sodas in their drink fridge. All I need is some MJ, Madonna, Boy George, Cindy Lauper on blast on the radio, some Ronald Reagan on the tube, some girls with biker shorts big aquanet hair and fanny packs and maybe i can give this place 5 stars.
4	After my 3rd visit here, I have decided that I am a fan. I think they've improved on their cookie recipe to make them soft and delectable. I remember the first time I ate here, 2 years ago, their cookies were so hard, I could barely bite through them after they hardened with the ice cream. They have definitely improved on their recipe and I urge people to re-try it if the cookies were what turned them off. The best combination ever: chocolate malt crunch with one tuxedo cookie (milk & white chocolate) and one white chocolate macadamia nut.  The sandwiches are very large, so I think splitting one for kids is the appropriate amount or else it would be too large of a sugar bomb. We had a coupon from valpak or something for b1g1 free, but it seems like there are MANY ways to walk out of there with a discount, that they've displayed all through the store (FB check ins, 4square check ins, Yelp). Overall, we got 2 sandwiches for $3.70 something which is a crazy deal! My kids loved creating their own flavors (with a little parental assistance because chocolate chip cotton candy doesn't sound very appealing) so we will be back.
3	What could go wrong with cookies and ice cream?! Well, nothing, actually. The combination is so simply delightful that there isn't much effort required... or received.Male staff present was friendly, female was bored and disinterested.BF and I got two different cookie sandwiches and both were okay, but nothing more than cookies and ice cream. Tuxedo cookies were tasty and chewy, mocha almond fudge ice cream was decent. BF got two different cookies and the mint chocolate ice cream, and it was also solid.Cookies were out in open air, uncovered, which was a little odd. Would think that would be against health code but I guess not. Cookie was mashed into bottom of bowl, topped with a scoop, and closed with another cookie- not quite what I pictured but what was necessary given the size of the assembled dessert.I appreciated the variety of flavor combinations that could be customized with different cookies (or getting two different ones) and ice cream flavors. Portion was gigantic and we easily could have split one instead of having our own. Pricing was fair for the portion, but I liked that they have a text offer to get $1 off, bringing our total to under $7.In short, cookies + ice cream is a no-brainer but more work needs to be put into the execution of this basic idea.
4	Fresh baked cookies and Thrifty Ice Cream (from OC). Have been here a handful of times in the past few months (Jan - June 2014). Upon first entering my impression was of a bad knockoff of Yogurt Land. Overpowering fluorescent lights and plastic furniture. While mostly white, the space felt somehow messy. No matter, I was quickly greeted with the aroma of fresh baked cookies and that makes everything better. Besides, as soon as I opened the door my kids had rushed to the ice cream counter to pick out an ice cream with day-glow color. The cookie selection is huge and the ice cream selection is decent, Thrifty Ice Cream doesn't make crazy mix combos. On first bite, you will be a believer. With other ice cream sandwiches the cookies might be too hard and cause the creamy frozen guts to be expelled so all you get is a crumbly mouthful of cookie. Or inversely the ice cream might be so hard that one bite delivers an arctic shock to the root of your teeth. Not so here, the soft cookies with the soft ice cream was perfect combination. I do have one knock- or piece of advice for the owners: clean your bathroom. I realize that if you get busy this might need to happen every other hour. Still, keep it clean, check it and check it often. Hire a janitorial person, I do NOT want the same person scrubbing toilets and making food. And if the bathroom is not clean, how can I trust the kitchen? Yelpers, go there and check the bathroom, if it's good, by all means enjoy a bit (600 calories?) of indulgence. Just plan ahead and have a salad for dinner beforehand.
5	Yummy great place to take a break from the heat.
4	First tried this place out when my friend got me a cotton candy ice cream with oatmeal cookies. It was sooo good. I loved it!When I fest went to this place it reminded me of Yogurtland or Menchies. I love the environment that this place has. The little sitting area is very cute. There was a female worker helping us out and she seemed very irritated because my friends and I wanted to try a couple ice cream flavor samples. Regardless, I love this place. Can't go wrong with freshly baked cookies and Thrifty's ice cream!
4	I had a mint chocolate chip ice cream with brownie cookie. So good. Very delicious and reasonably price. I only wish they had more "exotic" flavors such as mango or green tea. But that's the Asian tastebuds talking.
5	There's so many good choices here I can never leave with just one thing. The cookies are way fresh and the ice cream is Thrifty!I think the facility could use a good cleaning, or maybe a different color than white that shoes all the scuff marks of shoes but that's just being picky. Based on what they sell, they're worth it
5	I went here awhile ago and have still been thinking about it! Loved the idea to build a cookie sandwich. Plenty of variety in ice creams and cookies. You can even have two different cookies on each side of the sandwich. It's also fairly inexpensive from what I remember!
5	Thrifty ice cream and fresh cookies make for a great addiction! Well done and I will be back. My fav selection snicker doodle cookies and chocolate chip ice cream.
3	I'm pretty basic when it comes to ice cream. And a chocolate chip/snickerdoodle cookie vanilla ice cream sandwich is all it takes to make my tummy happy! Their ice cream is thrifty's. Who doesn't love thrifty's?! Their cookies are nice and chewy, and definitely not hard as a rock. Every time I come here I get good service. Have to get a water bottle while you're at it, they don't call it SWEET addiction for nothing. Definitely wish they had punch cards here. Always a favorite place to stop by in the Vegas heat!Edited:There was hair in my ice cream sandwich for my latest visit. I lost my appetite and was disgusted.
1	I will never go to this place again. Cookies were rock hard and the employees were terrible.
5	First time here and love it!! So many different cookies and ice cream flavor/combos to choose from. The cookies were chewy (which I love) and ice cream was great!!! You just have to be cautious because these goodies are addicting and you'll find yourself having one all of the time! Prices are more reasonable than Hagaan Daaz, DQ and Baskin Robbins (both cookie sandwiches were $7 and some change total). Will definitely return!!
5	Went here for the first time with my husband five minutes before close. The cashier was still super friendly. Ice cream was to die for and the cookies were moist and delicious. It is a 40 minute drive from our house, but we'll be coming back.
5	Me & the little guy went here on a Mommy&Son date on 'National Ice Cream Day' and we loved it! They were playing disney songs and have a mini old school arcade-type game inside, so my son immediately loved it. They serve Thrifty's ice cream and you have the option to "Sandwhich" your scoops between two of their (different flavored) cookies! I love that their cookies stay super soft and don't get all hard from the cold ice cream. The young lady that helped us was super sweet and encouraged me to have samples of whatever we wanted. Their store is clean, has a fresh-modern look to it, friendly staff, and delicious ice cream/cookies. What more could you ask for?
3	The ice cream is fantastic (THRIFTY) and the cookies are good. But I couldn't easily maneuver the sandwich thing. Thrifty ice cream is one if my favorites. Like a few others, I grew up eating the stuff as a kid. But it's so specific, I don't know if most of the flavors lend themselves to the complication of a sandwich.  It's not gourmet, and maybe that's the problem. It's a simple ice cream that doesn't offer much depth for a modern ice cream sandwich. If I go back, I'll probably get a simple vanilla with a brownie cookie. Speaking if cookies, the cookies were soft and sweet, but I ended up eating my cookies and ice cream separately. My ice cream was too soft to hold up to the sandwich expectation and I didn't want it to melt while I was busy trying to work it out.  I like the idea of this place and I think using Thrifty ice cream makes sense in terms of its popularity and nostalgia factor.
5	I live thriftys ice cream. And now homemade cookies? This place is awesome. It's 20 minutes away but well worth it. Such a simple idea and better than buying an ice cream cookie sandwich at Walmart. Delicious!
4	Delicious homemade cookies and a nice selection of options. It smelled so good when we walked in. The place is super clean and the guy who helped us was very nice and patient while my daughter and I made our choices. Great prices too! We got a dozen cookies for $9+ tax.
4	The Peanut Butter cookies are to die for! The service is great and the place is clean! Win win! The brownie cookie was a little too hard for my taste but everything else's was delicious!
5	My buddy once brought me a cookie icrecream from here when i told him i never even heard of the place. i cant say it was the best rockyroad cookie'd icecream i ever had, cuz i've never had a cookie'd icrecream quite like this. what i will say was the cookies were incredibly soft and delicious, and the rocky road was exactly how i imagined it. had some m&m's, sprinkles, and those crispy wafer thing they got in a Crunch bar. it was incredible. if you have never visited definitely do so, its not expensive and you will see first hand how this place lives up to its name.
4	This place was recommended to me so we tried it out and it was surprisingly good! Went in later in the evening, assumed they'd be closed by 9, but actually not till 11pm. (bonus) Attendant was extremely polite and asked if this was our first visit. She then offered all the info we could want to make a good choice. I ended up with Tuxedo cookies (White and choc chip) with Birthday cake ice cream.  She seemed just as enthused with every other patron she came across which was very refreshing to see expecially being the end of the day. The only negative thing I can say is that it could've looked a little cleaner in the dining area, tables and paint scraped off the wall from chairs. But I understand this isn't a 5 star restaurant... It might have been nice to have more ice cream flavors. Not many options without something nutty or minty, which I'm not a fan of. Other than that, it was all good! We'll be back!
5	When I come to Vegas this is a regular stop. Love this place!
4	What a mess of cookies and Thirty ice cream in such a good way. Servings are big, and easy for the kids to split a couple to a few ways. We are an ice cream family and really not much can be better than ice cream with cookies. Staff was great, and gave great suggestions on the mixes and matches to the kids, and to me. I have recommended to several friends, all that like, and one even gave bought me a gift card.
2	I had been waiting months to try Sweet Addiction and was thrilled when my husband said we could go. I went to a similar place in Huntington Beach and was raving to him about how much he was going to love it, ice cream and cookies, how could it go wrong? But it did. Upon arriving I noticed the decor and I actually enjoyed it, very modern and clean, and it looks like homemade paintings on the wall- tucked behind the refrigerator that is holding the soda and water. The smell of cookies was ridiculous and I was excited to start my cookie, ice cream creation.  I then noticed how small the ice cream bar area was and that the cookies were stacked on a self that was only about 2 feet from the ceiling. After canvassing the place, we decided to try and place an order. Like I stated previously we had never been here so my husband was taking a little longer to order to which we were told to "step aside and let the next person order," there was one person behind us and she was ready either. When I looked at the menu and saw a cookie sundae" option it read "2 scoops of ice cream, one cookie, and hot fudge"  that sounded like what I wanted minus the fudge. While placing my order with the tall blonde girl behind the counter I said "the cookie sundae please with ___ and ___ ice cream and ___ for the cookie, hold the hot fudge," to which the girl replied,"so do you want whipped cream?" me: "oh no thank you," her: "so thats not a sundae, just get the 2 scoops and a cookie"   ..... Alright so yes, I suppose I should have realized that a sundae would indeed include whipped cream and fudge, however, I have been in the customer service industry long enough to know that you do not speak to a customer that way. I then heard the same girl speak to another customer in a rude manner. Then noticed that the male that worked there was standing between the back of house and the counter fidgeting with whipped cream and clearly avoiding with any sense of work duty-which always annoys me. Have some work ethic people!!The ice cream was alright but a little freezer burnt  and the cookies were hard (probably due to the fact they are baked in the morning and left on an open shelf the rest of the day). I have to say that I probably would have been fine with this place if I hadn't first been brushed aside and then treated like an idiot. I also don't like the fact that no one that works here wears a  name tag. Personally, I can go to a restaurant that has the best food ever but when the service and attitude of the people that work there is poor and down right negative, I will not waste my time or money to go back.
1	Waste of money and time. Ice cream taste sugar free and not good. Cookies were hard. I won't re visit.
5	The cookies are amazing!  The icecream is also very good. The prices are also very reasonable.  We always look forward to going
5	I love small businesses! This place is phenomenal! They have always kept low prices and they continue to make great deserts! The cookies are always soft and delicious. The ice cream is thrifty's!But I just love this place. I have been here probably 50 times since i first went there back 2 years ago. The staff is great and my favorite part is the quality and quantity is exactly the same every single time. I have NEVER had a bad experience and they deserve every client that comes in there. I have never met the owners, but I'd like to thank them for creating an ice cream shop in which I will remember. It's nostalgic! It's a great place!
4	Items selected:Samples = Chocolate Malted Crunch, Mocha Almond Fudge, Medieval Madness, Birthday Cake, Circus Animal Cracker, Pumpkin, Butter Pecan, Pecan PralineSnickerdoodle - Circus Animal Cracker - Oatmeal ButterscotchChocolate Chip - Pecan Praline - Brownie CookieLocated on Fort Apache with a second location further Southeast, Sweet Addiction had long been on my list of places to visit and with dessert at Hakkasan not quite enough I finally decided to stop by, the simple concept of fresh-baked cookies and Thrifty ice cream proving an entirely enjoyable pairing of America's two favorite treats.  Small in size with white tile set against pastel paints as top-40 played overhead it was just after 8:30pm that I entered the store's cozy confines and with a few families in line at the counter I took my time to peruse the options, my order coming only after I'd sampled several spoonfuls of "cult favorite" signatures - the Chocolate Malted Crunch and Medieval Madness particularly impressive with the later a spot-on match for a 3 Musketeers candy bar while the former harkened Whoppers in taste and texture, both.  Generally fancying a vanilla base to chocolate, particularly when pairing with accoutrements, it was with the mash-up of pink-frosting and Iced Animal Crackers between a warm Snickerdoodle and seasonal Oatmeal butterscotch that my tasting began and with pronounced sweetness found at each turn one couldn't help but feel like a child at heart, the scoop of subtly salted Pecan Praline ice cream a far more nuanced 'adult' flavor that proved a perfect counterpoint to a dense chocolate brownie while pairing marvelously to the buttery notes of a textbook chocolate chip cookie, the edges just crisp while the interior remained chewy and soft.Perhaps not as 'artisan,' yet far less spendy than the ice cream sandwiches at Monte Carlo's BLVD Creamery or Sprinkles at The Linq, Sweet Addiction is the sort of place both 'foodies' and families can enjoy without breaking the bank, each cookie ringing in at under $1 with discounts on larger orders available as items are baked fresh to replenish supplies throughout the day.
4	I've read a lot of good reviews on this place so when I was going thru my mail last night and came across a buy 1 get 1 coupon, I was on it! With my prince in tow, we made our way to this dainty shop in a complex right across Walmart. There was a line when we got there (it went by quick) which gave me a little time to peruse their menu. They offer a variety of cookies and thrifty ice cream to satiate your hankering for sweets. They also have discounts in store like $1 off for texting and .50 for checking in. We sampled some and decided on White chocolate macadamia cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream sandwich, and the cult classic Chocolate chip with cookies & cream. Both were really good but I liked the former best. Sandwiches are big and enough to share for two, the cookies are perfectly soft on the center and crispy on the edges. We will definitely be back to try more combinations. Oh and the kids that work there are awesome, very engaging, fast and above all service with a huge smile! That alone is worth going back and making loyal customers out of us.
5	Saw this place on groupon! Paid 6 dollars and got 10 dollars worth, very good ice cream and cookies!
3	Dude ...Have they always had milkshakes? These things are sooooooooo good!Fucking aye. I still prefer the white chocolate macadamia nut with coconut ice cream. Now, I can just drink it. (Chalk it up to the islander in me.) They need straws with a larger circumference. Those tiny red straws ain't gonna cut, bud.
