4	It's great to have a place like the dog bar in Charlotte, even if you don't have a dog!  They offer drink  specials & always participate in the NoDa Gallery Crawls.   There is a front Patio with bench seating for you & your dogs & an inside bar area with a Wii.  For 1st timers take your dogs on a Sunday when it's quiet & the drinks are cheap.  side note: Just make sure your dogs do not have problems with XL dogs like Great Danes, there are always at least 3 or more there.
5	I'd never admit this to anyone but you, Internet.  Because I know you can keep a secret.I drink at the dog bar and never bring my own dog.  Instead, I sit drinking with my wife and loom over everyone else's pets.  I've twice considered grabbing the cutest ones and making a break for my car.  But then I'd risk spilling my beer.  I simply can't imagine a more perfect mixture: beer and friendly dogs.  I honestly believe that if this place had better beer to offer than Budmiller domestic light lagers, I'd never go anywhere else.  But since they don't, it's usually a fun alternative after we get bored at another, lesser, more human-dominated bar in the NoDa vicinity.Seriously, internet.  You have to check this place out.  Everyone loves dogs.  What?  You're a cat person?Oh......stay away from me and my family.
3	Dog + beer = cool idea.  But beer in plastic cups?!  Yuck.  Not a place I'd want to spend more than an hour, but a good place to come with your friends who have doggies with a need to socialize.
4	We decided to give the Dog Bar a try last Saturday night.  Our dog Ross is 4, so we figured he was old enough to drink legally now.  We had a fun time watching Ross socialize with other dogs, as he never gets a chance to.  Yes, he tries to sniff the occasional butt while we're walking through the park, but it gets crazy there when you're trying to get some exercise.  Plus, at the dog bar, at least we can have a drink in our hands while Ross does his thing.  All of the dogs were so well-behaved, too.  We were amazed.  Maybe it's the beer they have in the dog bowls?  Kidding.This is a great concept and I love the option of taking your dog with you on an evening out when you have such little free time as it is.   Other than the adorable dogs, I can't  much about the atmosphere of the Dog Bar.  They could use a little more decor and sprucing up to make it even more dogcentric than the one fire hydrant.  Plus, the service was a bit lacking, the beer warm, and they were only accepting cash that night (who carries cash anymore?).  So it really is about the dogs and the company you bring with you.
3	So any place that allows my awesome, amazing, handsome dog gets 5 stars. However, my dog got very sick after going here so I have to subtract 2 stars. I do not fault the Dog Bar owners for the sickness, but if your dog is susceptible to getting sick easily I don't think it's a great place to take your dog. My vet yelled at me because you just can't predict how other people take care of their pets, so just be aware if your dog doesn't have a strong immune system. However, this place overall is just awesome. I love that you can take your pets and all the dogs seem to be super friendly. The beer is in plastic cups, but not too pricey. And they allow you to bring in pizza or any other food into the place since they don't serve any. If you are a dog lover, you can go here and see lots of cute pups!
5	I finally made it out this place after hearing so much about it, and the rumors are true - this place is awesome.  My dog absolutely loved it.  It has a large patio with a lot of seating so you can sit back and hang out while your dog runs around and plays with other dogs.  The inside area is smaller, but still plenty of room if you rather sit indoors and keep your dog inside as well.I was suprised by the beer selection, they seemed to have a pretty good amount on tap.  Being that it was our first time, the owner was extremely nice and helpful and we filled out a form that took about a minute and paid a $10 fee (yearly).  They do not serve food but you can order food or bring it in and eat there.  I def will be doing that in the future since Noda has so many great restraunts.I was a huge fan of this place, my boyfriend was, my friend was and our dogs were!! Will def be back!
1	This is a great place if you get off on rude service. Yeah, I love the dogs and their owners are pretty cool but the the gal that works the bar has the personality of wallpaper. The only thing this place has going is that they are the only game in town. If there were another, they'd clearly be the loser. Last night I was swindled for $20 when I was told I had to register my dogs (I have two). Oddly the place was crowded but I was the only one who had to pay the $20. The Dog Bar bites big time, even my dog had a poopy time.
3	Go figure.  The night my husband and I brought our 5 pound yorkie and 12 pound weenie dog to the Dog Bar...there's a GREAT DANE meetup group. Besides the fact our doggies were intimidated to death, and didn't move around too much (would YOU move around and wag your tail if you were 5 pounds and the place was taken over by 160 pound GREAT DANES??) we wanted to like the Dog Bar.  It just didn't gel for us. In the end, we found it a bit unclean and the service was kind of, uh, not there. None of the dogs were asked if they had their rabies vaccines like they should be. It's a great concept...simple b/c you can bring your own food, and it's a relaxed setting...but again, something about drinking around wet pee spots of gravel and poo didn't sit right with me.
5	This could be may new favorite hang out. I have no idea why it has taken me so long to get to The Dog Bar- I've owned my pup for over a year and I always feel guilty leaving him for a night out. Now, I can bring my little guy out with me! You can bring your own food to The Dog Bar- we grabbed pizza slices from Revolution around the corner. Drinks were reasonably priced, there was a fire roaring in the fire pit and my friends and I brought our dogs- really what's not to love for a low key night out.
2	Dropped in here last night during the Noda/Yelp kick-off event.  Gotta say, I'm trying me best to not be a 'Nancy' here but seriously this just isn't my kind of place to hang.  Couple things stood out for me.  First and foremost, dogs off leashes.  Most were well behaved but some were a bit too playfull and the only thing that kept running through my mind is what kind of liability insurance do the Owners of this place carry?  If a dog bites someone mistakenly or not, I could easily sit a situation brew.  Oh well, that's for others to worry about I suppose.Secondly, maybe this was an isolated event, but lack of A/C in the bar area.  It was hot as hades in there even at 8:00pm at night.  Dog heat I suppose?Third and probably most bothersome for me is the pissing of the dogs happening all over the place.  Yes, it's artificial turf but something about being enclosed in 300-400 sqft with 14 dogs and 8 of which have taken turns pissing on the floor, etc. really turns me off.  Call me crazy.  Bottom line, I love dogs, really, but there's a place for every(one) and thing.  I'm glad dog owners have a place to go if they want.  I just know that I'll probably avoid this place (at least until I get a dog :))
5	You know how when you walk in a bar, you can love it or hate it, in seconds.  Walking into the Dog Bar instantly loved it!  There are only a few bars that strangers talk to you, I love talking to everyone.  (Now there's a shocker.)  If you are not a dog person, it might not be the place because the dogs do want to say hello.  It's kind of funny, you know they love going to play, dogs like dive bars too!  The patrons and staff are friendly and easy going, very diverse crowd, there is no cool factor, thus making it a very cool bar.   And the hot bartender is heavy handed too..  The Dog Bar makes me want to get a dog.
4	Gawd - I wish my dog was canine friendly. But he's not. So, when I'm in NoDa and I want my puppy fix, I can just head to The Dog Bar and play with some pups. As you can probably tell, this is not a bar for every dog. If your pup is teeny and/or easily intimidated, it may not be the best fit...especially during a busy night. As Tonya said, if you're not a dog person, I wouldn't venture in here. The dogs are friendly and sociable...many of them have no qualms strutting up to you, asking for an ear scratch or a belly rub. Cuetness. So, it really is a dog heaven and haven - astroturf, plenty of bars, areas to sniff and play, etc. And the bar is pretty sweet too! Drinks are affordable, the owners friendly and the patrons cool.Even though Riley (my dog) will never be a guest of The Dog Bar, I'm happy to go in his honor every once in a while to grab a beer and give some love to the neighborhood pooches!
5	There appear to be two types of reviews for the Dog Bar in Charlotte. There are the "Woohoo! Finally a place for my dog and me!" reviews and then there are the, "Yeah it might be a nice idea but dog poo and pee and free roaming dogs acting up... Ewww..." types of reviews.I won't criticize the latter reviews, because I'm the kind of germophobe who won't put her purse on the kitchen table, and I take my shoes off when I'm indoors because I think, "Eww... think about where they've walked!" All this to say that I GET the folks who are less-enamored of the Dog Bar than I might be, and I GET their reasons. But as a woman who wakes up with cats pawing my face (and freakishly realizes where those paws have probably BEEN) I am learning to let go on the germ thing. Which, you kind of need to do when you visit the Dog Bar.We took our dog Ella to the Dog Bar for the second time on St. Patrick's Day. The first time we took her was last year, when their patio was still gravel, she was still a puppy, and I was a Nervous Nellie about her bothering people or sitting her butt in a drinking bowl. I have loosened up in a year, and she's chilled out a bit. So on our second visit, we had a simply PERFECT time. We planned to spend an hour, but we spent about four instead, socializing with new friends, and enjoying the show as our dog made new friends of her own, both human and canine.The Dog Bar does not serve food, but on weekends and for special events, they often have food trucks in their parking lot, or you can get carryout from other restaurants in the area. We ate our food from the Maki Taco food truck on the patio tables at the Dog Bar. Yes, dogs had recently lounged on the bar, but our food was protected by a styrofoam barrier, and we took care not to lick the tables.This year they put down new protective astroturf at the Dog Bar which is permeable, and designed for dog use. Dogs peed and pooped on said astroturf, and it was kind of a "One for all and all for one" mentality as the nearest human would pick up the poop with a bag, and hoses were available to hose the rest down through the astroturf. JP took care to point out on the Dog Bar's Facebook page that this astroturf is specially designed for dog use, meaning it's porous and is sanitized each night. I wasn't sitting on the astroturf, so I was no more bothered by walking on cleaned areas where dogs had peed or pooped than I would be at home in my  yard. (Hint, this is why I take my shoes off when I get home anyway.)The most important reviewer of our experience at the Dog Bar can't type. Her name is Ella, and she had a blast. In fact, she's looking forward to us going again, likely this weekend. If you have a dog, or if you don't but you love dogs, the Dog Bar is a great place for them to hang out. I wish we had something closer to home in Ballantyne, but for now we'll trek to NoDa to give our dog a great day, and to enjoy meeting new people. The Dog Bar is one of Charlotte's most unique experiences, and I loved going and can't wait to go back!
4	The Dog Bar is a great concept & it always appears to be a happening place.  Unfortunately, my Milo is still "intact" & won't ever be able to partake in the fun here.My boyfriend & I came here on Saturday & they were having a St. Pawdy's Day party, which was a lot of fun.  Plenty of people were out hanging out & there were quite a few doggies.  What I like is that they're free to roam about the fenced in bar & they even had kids swimming pools set up for the doggies to get in.The atmosphere is very casual & not pretentious. I love the recent remodel they did, with adding a long, huge table out front & a nice awning-type roof out front.Keep in mind, parking there is extremely limited & even more so if the food trucks are there.
5	Are you one of those people that feels guilty every time they leave their pups at home?  Well I am I always feel bad when I yet again leave the house and my little pups sit at the window and wonder why they can't come with.  Well problem solved (as far as grabbing  beers and cocktails)  The Dog Bar in NoDa is the perfect place to relax outside with your pups grab a few drinks, hang out with friends, and hopefully meet some new human and canine friends.  At least you know when you come to the Dog Bar you already have something in common with the people that hang out there!I love the Dog Bar now I must admit my dogs can be a little neurotic so I needed to check the place out by myself before I actually brought them with me.  Its great that the dogs are free to roam around the bar, you may have a dog next to your feet, standing on the table beside you, begging for a sip of your tasty drink but they are all having a great time.  Looking forward to some nice weather and outings at the Dog Bar this spring and summer!
4	Looking for a fun place to party with your canine friends?! Grab your leash and drag your human down to the dog bar because this place is all about us: the dogs!Leave that string of restraint at the door and let loose your inner puppy that the humans won't let you do at home. (No running in the house Fido! Scratching up my bamboo floors...) But you can run here! Have a ball of a time with the regular pals and meet some new guys and gals too. Keep it clean - any bar fights and they'll boot you to the curb and tie you to a sign alone! (Same applies for the humans!) Go anywhere you like and literally "go" anywhere you like - the floors can handle it. (Sorry humans, this only applies to the dogs - it's a sign you've had one too many!)Water is around by the bucket! (Spirits by the bucket-load for humans!) Space caters to canines for wrestling matches, rope tug-o-war and some light fetch. But it might be a good idea to stay "in bounds" inside the fences. Watch out for the little humper - we all know he's trying to make up for his size with a little bit of a domination Napoleon complex. And be sure to give any human that dares to walk in here food-in-hand the group stare down because they just ought to know better! Teasing us dogs that way... Most of all just have a dog-on good ol' time because that keeps the humans hanging ten with beer in hand. (See it can be good fun for all!)
4	Cute too bad my dog is tiny and the majority of the dogs are big.
5	Nothing better than enjoying a pitcher beer special while my dogs get to run around and be social! Lots of delivery food options in the area with menus by the bar makes for an even better experience.... Just don't call domino's - they mess up your order every time. The staff and customers are friendly which keeps us coming back
5	Neighborhood friendly fun for you and your favorite dog pal.  Great for sporting events, even go alone and meet new friends.  The owner has recently done a new renovation, which opened up the inside and made the place a lot more people friendly.  GREAT drinks too and they don't mind if you order in or bring a picnic.
5	If you have a playful pooch, why do you keep leaving him at home to go out with your friends, when you could be bringing him along? The recently renovated Dog Bar is the premier hangout for canines and their owners; and dog lovers without furry friends of their own can enjoy the scene and skip the poop-scooping. Great drink deals, many TVs for watching your favorite teams, and super friendly service. My little man is known by name and freaks out with excitement every time when he realizes our destination is The Dog Bar.
4	Does your dog love to meet new people and make new furry friends? If so, tell me what that's like because I have one angry six pound Yorkie suffering from little man syndrome. He's the bully on the playground.Anyways, this bar is not made for my tiny terror... but it is still one of my favorite spots to grab a beer. A great place for dog owners and lovers. Enjoy a drink outside while the pooches run around and play. My group of friends actually ended up here one night on a birthday bar crawl. A roll-the-dice event and someone randomly picked The Dog Bar. Hands down the best stop of the night. The owners and staff were so friendly. The patrons all laid back. It was a really fun night... and none of us brought a dog.So if you've got a friendly dog or just enjoy dogs in general, this is the place for you. Warning to non-dog owners, one stop here may make you want to run to the Humane Society and adopt one immediately.
5	Hilarious.  It's like you're drinking in a live action youtube video.
4	Sit. Drink. Stay. is the brilliant subtitle of this bar. This is a bar for people that love their dogs and enjoy a drink or two. People drink while their dogs play in a safe fenced in area. Whatever you do please close one gate before you open the next gate when entering and leaving the bar. The bar is located right on the street and this is a safety measure as long as customers use it correctly. If you're lucky you'll get to meet some of the regulars, two of the sweetest Great Danes ever, Skylar and Pierce. Totally one of my favorite bars ever.
4	I really enjoyed Dog Bar, as did my precious angel, Maeby. She's very social and played with the other dogs at the bar while we socialized with the humans. They have a lot of local  brews and I love that  they let you bring in takeout. Some of the other dog parents were a bit over protective (my dog is part border collie and is very vocal when she plays) & I wasn't a fan of them trying to discipline my dog for having a good time (I know, I'm a ridiculous parent... it's a good thing I don't have kids). My only reason for not giving Dog Bar five stars is thatt a) I don't like unisex bathrooms and b)they let two chihuahuas up on the bar, which seemed a bit icky to have dogs prancing around where the beer was served. All in all, it's a great place in a fun location -we'll be back soon!
4	I have lived down the street from The Dog Bar for over 5 years but only ventured in this past Fall when my sister got a pup.  It is really great for not just the dogs but the humans too!  They have great beer on tap, prices are very reasonable, bartenders always friendly and there are cute dogs running around having a blast!When we bring the puppy here she is legit tired for the next 3 days, its a great way for her to socialize and us too.  99% of the people I have encountered here are great except you do sometimes get people who openly admit to not liking dogs and then get mad when one of them jumps on them, uh hello its a dog bar don't come in if you can't deal with that!!My only tiny complaint is that there are times when the bathroom smells like the dogs and maybe some cats have been using it, but other than that it is surprisingly clean and people are good about cleaning up after the dogs.  Overall though I really like it here and will continue to come down so the puppy can get her play time and I can get my drink time in!!
1	Considering the amount of 4 and 5 star reviews I am reading here, I would have thought that this was a good place to go for a couple of beers....Not so much. With that said, it has been a while since I just sidled up to a bar, sat down and drank a couple, so maybe things have changed drastically in regards to service, pricing and general  enjoyment of ones time.I had to drop off my youngen at his school dance downtown and had 2 hours to kill. I thought a drive over to NODA would be fun to see what's up and have couple of beers and wings while I worked over a menu I was writing for a Mardi Gras party. Parking in NODA is a bit of a problem when you don't know the area well so the open spot in front of the sign proclaiming that only patron's of the Dog Bar could park there or be booted (I am no fan of the BOOT!) I decided that, being a dog fan, I would get my saunter on and have a beer there with my 4 legged friends. The place if fairly dive-y (Me like-y) and there are dogs running all over the place. It's what I would expect. They have numerous beers on tap including local faves so I pulled up a stool and, though there was a big old spill in front of me, I figured the young lady tending bar would get that taken care of when I ordered. This is where I should have decided that a one and out would be my best bet. I ordered an OMB Copper which took a long time to get due to the changing of the keg halfway through the pour. She plopped the cup down and went to turn away, so I had to stop her to ask if she would be kind enough to wipe the bar down. (I had a notebook and my tablet at the ready to do some work) she gave a half-hearted swipe of the mess getting about half and then tossed a small stack of bev-naps on the bar near me, apparently so that I could do it myself. SUPER!The lovingly made Copper does wonders for one's soul and I happily ignored my disdain and worked on my menu. The bartender was a loud and boisterous soul (which I have no problem with as long as you are getting your work done). I finished my beer, during which time I found out that she was having decidedly too little sex with her not-a-real boyfriend,( just a FWB), watching her drop a case of beer on the floor and other fun stuff. She saw that my cup was empty and took care of the business of a fresh beer. That was pretty much the end of my personal service for the evening.  I finished the beer in about 20 minutes and placed my cup in front of me while I worked. She sat/stood about 4 feet away from me on the other side of the bar and told two guys all about her life, her website, all her hopes and dreams, about how cheap it is to have your Mani-Pedi done by Asians, etc, while my cup sat there in plain view. I even made eye contact and yet at that time she was not ready to finish her role as talking person and it sat. Then more people walked in (about 10) she walked by my empty cup and got to serving the crowd. At one point she served a couple of Jagerbombs and knocked a fat shot of Jager back herself while I sat there and watched. This operation took anther 10-15 minutes. At this point I had enough and just wanted to pay and roll. Finally she deigns to give me the time of day and asks if I need another. No says I and I hand her a $20 to pay my 2 cups of beer. $9.50 later (for a beer made down the street) and I am on my way. In the last 20 minutes of my stay, she lost sales for her employer, stole liquor, broke the law by drinking behind the bar, and lost a good tip. Not a good performance by a long shot.  I feel no need to ever go back and really rue the fact that I didn't take the time to get out faster and try another joint.Eat and drink well, my friends, just not here!V-DubEat and drink well, my friends, just not here.
4	We visited The Dog Bar on a Sunday afternoon just to ogle other people's puppies.  Such fun!  Although we didn't have any dogs, the staff appeared to be friendly and accommodating, and I was impressed at the availability of hoses (for obvious reasons), water bowls and decorative fire hydrants on the large patio.  The seating was pretty cool with what I can only describe as tall, two-seater Adirondack chairs around the patio perimeter, and some high top table and picnic style tables in the middle, on top of astro turf. Ha!  The beer selection was mostly local brews (OMB, NoDa, etc.) and came in plastic cups, so you're definitely not coming here for the brews, but the friendly dogs, patrons and staff are more than enough!
1	I live about a mile from The Dog Bar, and several years ago, when it was still rather new, my young neighbor and I went to check it out.  Our experience was not good at all.  We went in the afternoon and there were a few other people there.  They appeared to be "regulars" because they knew each other and the bar tender and seemed to engage in comfortable conversation.  I am in an older generation than most who would frequent this place, but my neighbor was in her late 20s at the time.  I mainly remember feeling rather snubbed, and even when we tried to engage others in conversations about their dogs, we were met with rather cold stares, and the affect was that we were unwelcome visitors.  The bottom line is we never went back.  Dogs are very important to me and they are my young neighbors very LIFE!  We had hoped to find a place to hang out with people of like mind and maybe form some friendships.  In my opinion, The Dog Bar is not the place for that!  It seemed more like a yuppy wannabe place to me!
5	Love this place... it's a great spot to socialize your dog and relax with a beer as they run around and play. Our dogs love going here and often play until they are completely exhausted. The bartender is a sweetheart and always greets us warmly. Besides drinks you can often chase your beer with a bite from the food trucks that are stationed right in the parking lot on the weekends.Some clarification -- it seems to me that the people who have poorly reviewed this place don't understand the purpose of it. To be clear this is a bar with dogs (think dogpark with a bar).It's not a Starbucks, it's not a workspace, it's not your local pub... if dogs aren't your thing or if you get uptight with dogs playing, running, and barking then this is not the place for you.However if you have a furry canine critter who wants to play and you like beer then it's a winning combo.  :)
5	I love love love this place. The staff is super friendly and personable. I have always felt welcomed whenever I come. (By the people too) The beer is reasonably priced, and a great selection. NODA brewery has a strong presence here. I recommend anybody with a well behaved dog to come, or even if you don't have a dog you'll have a great time.
5	I visit the Dog Bar one a week I think. I looooooove this place. It feels like I am walking into a friend's house every time I go there. The staff are unbelievably friendly. They always make me (and my dog) feel very welcome. They have a different drink special every night which is nice for us folks on a budget.My dog is a rescue dog, so she was very shy at first when we starting going there. Now whenever I walk to my car with her, she is dying to hop in the back seat because she knows that means it's Dog Bar time.Thursdays are $3.50 draft beer night, which includes all the local beers. They have a nice selection from NODA and Birdsong Brewery.If you have a dog that is nicely behaved, then venture out to the Dog Bar. Your pooch can play with all the other dogs while you kick back a few tasty beverages and watch them at play. It is really great to be able to go out to a bar and bring your dog with you.Love this place!
5	I LOVE the dog bar. First of all, I should mention, I am a huge dog lover & own my own pet care business so I am obviously not phased by dogs playing, barking, pottying, etc. As you can see from ratings, most of the poor ratings are from people who do not like seeing dogs potty nearby... do not go to the Dog Bar if you don't want to see dogs pee/poop. Other reviews mentioned being "snubbed" because they didn't have a dog along. I would still go to the dog bar if I didn't have a dog. Everyone I've met at The Dog Bar seems to be very nice and friendly. I can see how some people might feel left out without bringing a dog along.... but, I mean, it is The DOG Bar.. The concept is wonderful, of course. Dogs + drinks + dog lovers + NoDa food options + Dogs!! = happiness. I love bringing pups here, meeting new dogs, and seeing them all interact. My friends have trouble getting my attention at the Dog Bar. I just can't help it with so many adorable pups around! It is also nice to be around so many like-minded dog lovers :). Based on 2011 reviews, they must have hired all new staff because I have been served by 3 different people at The Dog Bar and they were all wonderful! Their love for dogs was obvious and they are always so happy to be at work, meeting other dog lovers. Occasionally you have to speak up for a drink, but that makes sense to me... people politely sitting at the bar are harder to notice when there are tons of cute pups & friendly people around. You can order food from anywhere and bring it in to eat. I love this. There are SO many delicious places nearby.The Dog Bar is one of my favorite places in Charlotte!
3	This place is basically a bar that allows your dog to come in. Bartenders are attentive. People are friendlyOutside the bar there is astroterf to walk on.This is a very casual place.
5	HMMM. Very Different and I LOVED its good for dogs good for people! Bar tenders are super friendly I love my dogs and they loved the DOG BAR. Great way to meet new people if your new in the area.... If your not a  dog lover don't go its that simple.
5	I just love this place! I always go to the dog bar like every weekend with my dogs n friends. Adam and Stephanie have always provided us the best services!! My dogs got so comfy by hanging out there as well. The best thing is that you can bring your own food to eat there and drink your favorite drinks with affordable price while your dogs are playing with others. Who needs a doggie day care when you have this place to go? Love this place!!
4	The place set up and decor is very minimal, but how many places you could go hang out with your friends and at the same time you don't have to leave your dogs at home.  There are plenty of sitting, dogs could run free, and you are allowed to bring your own food since they don't serve any.  This is not a place for you if you want to see and be seen, but this is a very good place if you just want to hang out with your friends along with your four-legged friends.
5	We love this place and have lucked out in that we live so close.   The main point of enjoyment for this place is being able to watch the dogs play and run around while you kick back a few drinks (which are much more reasonably priced than most of the bars in Charlotte).
5	I love this place.  Have limited time, feel guilty for not spending more time with my dog.  Guilt free drinking!
3	Great place and really nice staff! The only problem is that the place is more for big dogs. Small breeds beware you will have to constantly watch your dog not to get stepped on by the bigger dogs. Maybe one day they will have an area for small dogs and I can relax and not worry about my dog .
5	My dog, Thor, and I love The Dog Bar!Before you venture out this way though, you should know what you're getting into... Like other Yelpers reviewed, you must be a dog person.  The dogs will come up to you, sniff you, kiss you, and sometimes jump on you.  The first time we went out here, everyone seemed very on top of their dogs' behavior.  If one dog was causing too much trouble, the owner took them home.  Yesterday's experience was not so efficient.  There were a few dogs that blurred the lines between playing and fighting, and the owners did nothing except, "Sparky, no."  I have problems with this, but the trouble making dogs didn't mess with Thor, so I just kept him occupied with other dogs.  They don't do food here, but you can bring food into the bar.  Just prepare to have a lot of well behaved dogs showing off their tricks for a bite of your quesadilla. (Get your food from Cabo Fish Taco - nom nom nom).  I'll be back time and time again, but please - if your dog is not having fun, just take him home.  Don't make the other dogs (and owners) deal with him.
4	Hey the Dog Bar is great! We had our sheepdogs out there for our daughter's sheep god's birthday party (yes these things are real!) The were a lot of dogs running around and ours got into the mix (and they loved the twin miniature bulldogs they met). We had a good time. The only down side were some of the owners who wouldn't keep an eye on their dogs at all. There was one in particular, a born and white dog with an orange color that was running around growling and harassing the other dogs while the owner wasn't paying attention in the least.You'll have a great time if you just keep an eye on your dogs and hope the other owners do as well.
4	As a non-dog owner, this place is fun. The bartender is nice, and it's a good place to hang out and relax on a nice sunny day. They offer several local craft beers and have good beer specials. Not being a beer drinker, I ordered a rum and diet, which was $5 using the house rum (still don't really know what that was), Bacardi would have been $7. After drinking that I noticed another woman drinking a Crispin in a can, (I would think a pint if I had to guess)... that was $4, so score one for that for those non-beer drinkers out there. Like some other people who have commented, the conditions can become a bit unsanitary when you think about it too much, but that's why they don't serve food. The bartender is also in charge of cleaning up the poop. After I watched him fix my mixed drink I couldn't get past the fact that he also handled the cleaning up in other areas and stuck to the canned drinks. (Really had nothing to do with him and what I observed, just my mind running around with all of the things that could happen.) I think this was a nice change of pace for a Saturday afternoon and a lot of fun.
5	You will definitely get a kick out of this place. Lots of fun and friendly staff. They also have a giant jenga block set,
5	Our dog loved his first visit there yesterday.  Great for dogs of all ages and the staff was incredibly friendly.   Will be coming back often!
5	The bartenders here are always friendly and have great drink suggestions. Steph and Adam are especially fantastic. It's a great place to let your dog run around and play while you hang out and drink. One of my favorite places in Charlotte!
4	First, this is The Dog Bar...you are welcome with or with out dog(s), but you have to enjoy the company of dogs..I have two dogs and I enjoy The Dog Bar, but I think a lot of the experience has to do with the dog owners.  It is positive when dogs are playful and cleaned up after.  It is negative when dogs feces are not cleaned up and dogs are too rough.  The staff at the dog bar are friendly and it is just a chill place-dog feces are cleaned up by the staff, but really if it is your dog it is your job to take care of it...They do NOT serve food here (sanitary reasons), but NoDA has so many food options there are not issues with finding something delicious.
1	I went there several times and have been convinced they don't care about the health of their dog guests at all. First of all, though there is a sign on the gate that requires the dogs to vaccinated, no one is there to enforce or check. In fact owners or management never checked to see if the dogs have the correct vaccinations. The last time I went was the last. I was with a large group of friends and one overly aggressive dog kept peeing in the water the dogs drink from. The workers replaced it a couple times but then they they just gave up. The same dog continued to repeatedly pee in it. And the employees watched it and did nothing. They didn't replace the water and they did not ask the owner of the dog to leave or even identify the owner to get it to stop. Meanwhile the other dogs continued to drink from that dish. Obviously the owners and managers of this place do not care about the health of the animals or people that fund this establishment. I will never be taking my dog there to say the least.
3	This seemed like a really fun idea..I went to see my sister and her family and I took my dog..so we went to Dog Bar.Well..i think if youre a regular, and know all the other people and dogs there that night, you will have fun.No one makes sure your dog has shots, theres pee puddles and poop is just sprayed away with a hose, possibly onto my feet..im not sure any employees were present, because other than the friendly bartender, no one is identified as staff.There were alot of large dogs that werent being watched by thier owners, who then thought it was funny that i was concerned about the well being of my small dog..maybe separate sections would be a good idea The place is really cute, and they have some fun merchandise as well..inside there are lots of cool pieces of dog artwork..beer prices were awesome
5	We bring our two dogs (German Shepherd and Golden Retriever) here all the time! Usually on the weekends, we drive 45 min just to come here!We love it & so do our pups!Great drink deals too!Kiddie pools in the summer to keep your pup nice and cool!Great atmosphere! but you MUST be a dog lover!Never seen a fight or anything. Sometimes you see one or two dogs trying to boss around others (there is a grey pitbull, that I think belongs to an employee that always does that) but nothing serious. Wish there was one of these closer to Gastonia/Kings Mountain!
5	I love Dog Bar and would go insane without it. My puppy gets to run around and play while I have a drink or two. The people are awesome and all dog lovers.  They have heaters and without this place I wouldn't get through winter with my puppy.  They have good drink specials and great bartenders especially Jen.  I always leave happy with a tired pup.  My dog even knows what Dog Bar means.
