2	Food is okay. Most of the menu seems high priced. Service is inconsistent. One day it's great and another day it's bad. If the service was exceptional all the time the high menu prices wouldn't be as noticeable. Happy hour is okay with discounts on drafts, drinks and appetizers (bar only). They have about a dozen televisions in the bar plus trivia, and karaoke.
4	This is a place that I like to visit a lot, mainly for their great beer selection and the chance to play some trivia.  The food is moderately prices, with a burger costing about $7 and a personal pizza running around $9 depending on the number of toppings. But if you like the traditional deep dish Chicago style pizza (like I do,) it's worth making the trip, especially if you like beers outside of the typical Bud Light, Coors, etc.  They have over 100 different beers, with about 25-30 on tap, and you can sign up for the "Beer Tour" and get prizes, discounts, and even your name on a plaque for the real drinkers.  Last time in, they gave me a Cinco De Mayo shirt for finishing the mini-tour, which consisted of 8 Mexican beers. Not too difficult!Since I am a single father, I tend to go to establishments with a good atmosphere that are reasonably priced, on the rare occasions when I don't have my kids... this is one of my favorites.  Also a great place to play some trivia, if you are a trivia buff like myself.And when I do take my kids, they love the big pan cookie topped with ice cream... one of their favorite places as well!
3	I've never had the opportunity to try real authentic deep dish Chicago pizza (in Chicago of course), however Old Chicago's version was impressive as far as I could tell.  I went in for lunch and it was slow (never a really good sign), I ordered the personal pizza/salad combo.  The salad was a nice size and everything was fresh and crispy.  The pizza came out hot, and the crust was soft, thick and crusty where it was supposed to be!  The wait staff at this time was very thin and our waitress was over extended (she had a large table of 7 to tend to including some other tables) and ended up being waited on by the hostess in addition to who I believed to be the supervisor/manager, so service was a bit choppy.  Definitely do not go to this place for atmosphere or service, but if you want good deep dish, this is as good as I've tasted thus far.  I give this place 3 1/2 stars.
4	I go here basically all the time. However I only go for happy hour after 10pm. Decently cheap beer and well drinks, great staff, super laid back atmosphere. Kareoke on saturday nights! SUPER cheap appetizers (pepperoni rolls are amazing).
1	Dirty tap lines are the norm here.  They had an Orange Hefe-Weizen once, and every beer that replaced it on that tap line has had an orange taste.  Often it's something quite obvious, like a pilsener, where the orange comes right out.There's a putrid sewer smell that won't go away from this location.  I'm not sure if it is too costly to get rid of it, but it is there every time I've made a visit in hopes that the place will improve.Menu is pretty much the same as all the other Old Chicago chain restaurants.  Pizza is average, and offers little in variety.  They don't do a traditional Chicago pizza like Gino's or Giordano's, and in fact one of their specialty "Chicago" crusts is just simply the addition of corn meal.Music is often too loud, and the jukebox seems to attract the Nine Inch Nails type of crowd with a pocket full of quarters.  Service is inconsistent and often poor.
4	I love pizza.  I've had more than my fair share of pies in my life.  From Los Angeles to Lazio there are many different types of pizza.  Chicago style pies are unique with their deep pans and crispy dough.  To claim this style in the name of your restaurant requires a level of authenticity.  Old Chicago Pasta and Pizza has delivered to me a near perfect Chicago style pie.  The crust was crispy and light.  The sauce wasn't over powering and complimented with the right amount of toppings.  Their variety of beers only added to the enjoyment of the meal.  Mix your local sports bar with great pizza and you'll have Old Chicago Pasta & Pizza.
1	This was the WORST service i have ever received in my life. I went with a group of friends on a Sunday night and the waitress decided that she had such a problem with me that she would not come and serve us while I was at the table. Then when I requested that the manager come over so I could speak to her about it, she was condescending to me and basically told me I didn't know what I was talking about. Besides the service the food was passable, but far from delicious. I will never be going back there after being treated like that.Their only redeeming factor is that they have Franciskanner on tap.
5	I love this place. I've never had any issues with service and the waiters tend to remember us. I love the drinks and they usually have some special going on. I'm a fan of Old Chicago, so possible bias. I love the food and we never have been disappointed with what we get. My boyfriend loves the pizza. There are lots of tv's with sports and other shows randomly on.
2	Service with a meh. Third time at this place ( it's en route from kid's hockey class) and it's been pretty much on a decline.This refers to early evening during the week.    No explanation of beer tour for the wife though maybe that's part of the entertainment? Expected from past 2 visits. Wrong meal brought  for me based on my asking for the cordon bleu calzone ( sounds ridiculous in hindsight I admit)  yet I appeared to be pointing to the chicken milanese. Yes I have an accent but that's a pretty big range of wrong to get to  Milanese from calzone . The former, of which I had a bite prior to realizing that there was some dough missing  was all shape, texture and no taste like they'd learned cooking from slides. Baked breaded chicken lovingly dehydrated and missing traces of  just about everything they claimed to be in the sauce.. lucky miss. I wandered off to get the menu to check up on what had actually arrived. During this time server was debating with my wife re my actual order. I got back to my favorite type of  question.E.G., you'd like us to get you what you ordered? Thanks, yes actually I would consider that a courtesy. 1.5   starts rounded to 2.
4	when i crave pizza.. there are two places i visit in west valley area..  La Piazza Al Forno and old chicago..there is nothing like thick crust pizza with fresh toppings and cheese..   not to mention the beer selection!  service is great every time i visit.. food is fresh.. and beer! mmm.. can't ask anything more.... well maybe back massage would be nice! lol..  last time i ordered.. thick crust.. roasted garlic.. ricotta cheese.. and sausage..  wow! it hit the spot!!  they also have 3 course meal deal.. for $9.99.. great price for great food!!try it.. you will enjoy it..
4	Good pizza, good drinks, good bar tenders. We had a everything pizza and several drinks. All of them hit the spot. The pizza is a thick crust with tons of toppings and light sauce cooked perfectly, served while hot still. (calzones looked good too)
3	Pizza was good, not great! Wife actually loved their blackened chicken wrap! Daughter said their cheeseburger was OK. Service was good, but the one reviewer who mentioned about the smell. Well they are correct? They need to change their rags one in a while, and my diet Pepsi tasted like cherry coke?
2	I'd been to the restaurant in Colorado Springs some years back and was looking forward to a similar type visit. This particular location looks quite rundown from the outside and disappointing inside in comparison to my first experience in Co Spgs. The food seemed to be fine and service too was not bad at all. It is most definitely in dire need of major remodeling inside and out.
3	This place was not too bed.  Not the best in the world, but I liked what I had.  A bunch of us went late on New Years day in the evening time and it was pretty slow there.  I think the most annoying thing that night was the karaoke going on.  I couldnt hear myself think...We all grabbed a table and ordered drinks and food.  Good tasting stuff. The waiter was pretty quick with the orders and we had everything fast.  I gave it three stars because I like the place, but I dont LOOOVE the place.  It's good though.
4	I really enjoy myself here. The food, the staff and the prices are all good. I do have to admit that I have only had the pizza though. They have a nice sized crowd every time I am there.
5	I love old Chicago! The three sampler is to die for Ive never come across "Italian nachos" I loooove them! The beer tours are fun. My husband loves them. He loves getting his name on the wall. Never had bad service. I love it!
4	We liked this place, good food and a fantastic beer list.  Great service, and decent seating - ie, you don't have to hear everyone else's conversations, nor they yours.Reasonably priced - we've been back.
5	Great pizza.  I recommend the pepperoni roll appetizer too.
1	Absolute worst service experience EVER. My boyfriend and I went in and sat in the bar and waited for 15 minutes and were ignored. We then politely asked the hostess if we could sit in the dining room instead due to not being able to get service in the bar. We waited for another ten minutes at another table and finally left.
4	My mama wanted pizza, so I was like Old Chicago?  So away we went.  The parking lot has quite a few cars but still plenty of parking.  We were greeted as soon as we walked into the doors.  We got seated instantly and our server introduced herself and took our drink orders.  Then our drinks were brought and took our food orders.  She asked if we wanted our wings as an appetizer or with our pizza.  Appetizer please!We got the mild buffalo style wings and a NY style crust "the Classic" toppings.  The wings came and they were good.  Then the pizza, thin crust and tasty toppings (Loads of pepperoni, mushrooms, Italian sausage, roasted garlic and Mozzarella).  Service was great and good was great!!  =)
3	The pizza is OK, drinks are alright..the wait staff is the best part of this restaurant. The servers are funny with an edge of mean- which I personally enjoy.  The italian nachos are a really odd dish- but are delectable.  The happy hour specials are pretty decent here- I believe $4 vodka drinks and half off appetizers (italian nachos).
4	I've been coming here for awhile, and until this week I'm fairly certain I had tried everything but the pizza.I guess I'm just not a pizza person. As a college student, this is incredibly odd and peculiar and I often find myself victim to looks you would associate with horror films.I picked up dad around 5 p.m. after him and I having not-so-good days, and figured I should treat the dear old dude to some pizza and football.There was some seating issues. We stood up front for like five minutes before the hostess appeared, along with about eight or nine other people.Dad pointed to a table over where he could eye his beloved Patriots, and I handed over the reins of ordering to him. Our waitress was really nice, and I felt awful about not remembering her name. She mentioned they only had Pepsi products before we ordered our drinks, which I appreciated since I prefer Coke products. A water and Diet Pepsi for dad later, we ordered a medium Chicago-styled pepperoni pizza.(But if you're getting an appetizer, go with the Italian nachos - the tortilla chips are fried sheets of pasta, with hot and spicy tomato sauce.. yummmm!)I'm actually kind of irritated that I've never gotten their pizza now. I really liked it! The crispy goodness at the bottom - I asked about it - is cornmeal added to the bottom of the pan they bake it in. Since I detest doughy pizza, this was a great bonus texture.The sauce was good, a healthy toss up between a little heat and tomato - which I feel gets lost in a lot of pizzas. I ate two pieces before calling it quits, and regret handing over the take-home remainders to dad.... Darn.Will definitely be finding an excuse to come back soon!
5	Unbelievably great pizza. Great friendly service. The little garlic breads are SOO yummy.The toppings are layer out on the pizza in generous portions.
3	Old Chicago is a good restaurant.  My rating is based on the quality of food and overall experience I had there.  It is important to note, however, that Old Chicago does not serve Chicago-style deep dish pizza as the menu claims.  It is good but it simply is not Chicago-style deep dish.  For a true Chicago-style pizza, try Oregano's.  I'm giving Old Chicago 3 starts because I think the "Chicago-style" description is deceptive.That said I was impressed with all the food ordered.  My friend loved her "Chicago-style" Thai pie pizza.  I had the Meat Me calzone and it was fantastic.  The crust was delicious and the calzone was stuffed with a variety of meats and cheese.  Even the dipping sauce on the side was good.The beer selection was the largest I've seen in the Phoenix area and they have some great offerings from local to foreign brew.  If you've found a pub with a greater selection you may not find your favorite here but the expansive drink list will leave most browsing for awhile.Service was slow at times between each stop by the table but overall they did a very good job.  The lengthy gaps left us sitting longer than we needed to but they had a lot of televisions to keep us occupied so it wasn't too bad.Old Chicago looks like a good place to catch a game and have some drinks.  I will return for another Meat Me calzone at some point in time.
4	I like places that let me "make my own" dinner. I made my own calzone here the other night, meaning I told the waitress what I wanted and she had someone in the back make it for me. I'm a good cook. The "Jennifer B. Calzone" was a delicious concoction of bell peppers, olives, and extra cheese (just three toppings here, I'm not paying $0.99 more when I have to make my own meal). My friends had the pizza, which was deep-dished and had gooey cheese -- looked pretty fab. To congratulate myself on a dinner well made, I paired it with Ska Brewing's Steel Toe Stout, lovingly made Durango, CO. I do not love Durango, CO or Ska Brewing because they do not distribute their delicious libations to California.
4	Not much different from any other bar/diner place you will find.  They have a few specialties which were delicious.  The Italian nachos and the pizza were delicious.  The Italian nachos are a must try if you like nachos.  A little bit different chips with Italian themed toppings such as Italian sausage pepperoni and marinara for dipping.  A must try and cannot wait to come back.
4	I'm not big on chains but this one I don't mind.First of all, any chain that actually has snakebites(one part beer, one part cider) on the menu must bedoing something right. I've tried every type of pizzaon the menu by now but I'm a sucker for the Malibu Veggie that has spinach, tomatoes and carrots. The other thing I like about this place is that they're open late. They close at 2am but the kitchen closes a little earlier than that. Still, it's the best late night eats in the neighborhood. Ok - so they may be the ONLY ones open this late but that still makes the statement = true. Service has always been decentno matter how crowded it's been. It's in a mall sothere's always ample parking.
5	Some friends introduced us to this place last fall (2011). I have completed several mini tours for their beers. They have over 110 beers. The food is delish. Meat Me deep dish is my fave. Closest to Chicago deep dish I have found in Arizona. Their garlic cheese bread is insane and addicting. I think they make their own garlic butter as it tastes so fresh every time we order it for an appetizer. The staff are all nice and friendly. Lisa, John and others have taken good care of us! I would recommend for great food and an excellent beer selection!
3	A friend and i could not find the restaurant we intended to visit...both being indecisive we stumbled upon old chicago. mid afternoon bar had a few people and 2 tables in the dining area..we ordered wings and a meat pizza .....the food was delicious!!!! and worth the money for sure!!!! a little dissapointed with the service , for how slow it was we felt ignored.
4	The pizza at Old Chicago is actually pretty good! I am from Chicago and while its not exactly like any of the pizza I've had back there its not too far off and its not bad at all. I still prefer Oregano's as far as places in Arizona go, but this is almost there too!
4	Excellent service...awesome pizza!
4	Great pizza.  It's a great place to with friends to grab some beers and food.  I highly recommend joining the beer club.  They have mini tours usually with seasonal beers and also you get points from food that can be redeemed for money off your purchases.  Service is not that great so be for warned.
5	This is not real "Chicago-style" pizza, but I don't care hahaha.  This is literally the best pizza I have ever had.  I am a fan of soft crusts and the chicago-style is soft and makes the whole pizza melt in your mouth.  I also normally put ketchup on my pizza, laugh if you want, but with this pizza I didn't feel the need.  It is perfect for me.  It also reheats like a dream, and is even softer reheated.  We also had the mozzarella sticks, they were really good but nothing special.  For dessert we had the giant cookie with ice cream which was also incredibly delicious.  It was also soft and hot, and was only $6!  All this (the pizza was large) fed the four of us just fine.  I also used to live near Chicago and visited often.  This place gives off a true Chicago vibe that cures any homesickness I get.  I absolutely love it.
4	We stopped in to play some Buzztime trivia and have dinner.  The trivia sight lines were good although I had to turn in two boxes before I got one that was reliable.  My plus one ordered the stromboli which he said was very good - it sure looked good.  He ordered french fries as the side - cholesteral alert - and I had to try them so I could write about them.  They were quite good.  I ordered my favorite which is the Chicken Wrap.   It has pieces of chicken, lettuce, onion, tomato and italian dressing wrapped up in a tortilla.  I always ask for the dressing on the side.  With that I ordered the fresh veggies - what will power!  So I got a variety of cukes, carrotts and broccoli with a ranch dipper.  Very fresh and tasty.  Met some friendly folks who were regulars and also played trivia.  Because I came in #3 in the country I received a free 22 ounce brewski of my choice.  My plus one and I were both prettty full so we transferred the beer to our trivia playing buddies.  All in all a really good place to stop for food, trivia and/or sports watching.  The bartenders seemed to know a lot of clientele - must have lots of regulars - which isn't suprising.
4	Sat in the bar, tons of beer selections, we shared a micobrew, then ordered the nachos.  They were excellent.  Meatballs, pepercini, lots of cheese and pasta sauce for dipping.  Large platter, enough for two people for lunch plus we took some home. The waiter didn't come back to ask how things were but it wasn't busy so he would have been easy to call over if we needed.
3	Food was good.  Not special.  Was very loud but then it is a sports bar too.
3	We have been going to OLd Chicago for many years. Just never wrote a review?? The food is always OK. Service can very from time to time. The decor has not changed over the years. Probably is time for a face lift. Basically a sports bar pizza place decor. They have many beers to drink. I am not a beer drinker so that is not attraction to my. Meals are larger than you probably eat at a sitting. My wife and I usually split a meal. If you are into sports it is a good place to watch your favorite team while you eat. Very kid friendly and there is plenty of room for a large party.
4	For those who don't know, this is a restaurant with about 110 beers. They also have a full bar and food. Now I'm not normally one for chain restaurants so I didn't have very many expectations when walking into Old Chicago, I'd much rather go to a mom & pop place instead. My wife, our friend Kathy & I went here today for lunch. Our waiters name was Dave. We walked in and were seated right away. He took our drink order, and ran off to get it. He was super friendly and looked happy to be there, he was delightful, prompt and efficient. The thing that made this a great experience was the service. Our waiter wasn't constantly standing over us, but he was there when we needed something.Our friend got the Spaghetti Pie. Fhe said it was HOT! and Delicious!My wife and I got the "chicago Seven" Stromboli. The  Stromboli was OK. I'm not saying that they lived up to the exacting standards of some of my favorite pizza joints Sytomboli, But they do a decent job.All three of us got the cheese cake for dessert. We all thought the creaminess of the cheesecake had a very nice texture. It's cheesecake what more can I say!!! ALL cheesecake is GOOD.FOOD:  The food was good and flavorful. Good stuff PRICE: Rasonable prices! SERVICE: The service was great  AMBIENCE: Looks pretty much like any other Old Chicago with the beer tour plaques on the wall. The  atmosphere is just right for the neighborhood If you have never been, it is a typical sports bar.  CONCLUSION: All in all, a solid experience.  I really can't complain about Old Chicago. It is one of those places where the company you keep defines the experience as opposed to the venue itself. Tthat being said  think it's good enough to warrant another trip.
2	My wife didn't want to cook so she asked if we could go back to Old Chicago again. We went there for an early dinner. This time we brought our grandson with us.It is with a heavy heart that I write this review. I know that this place has a well established reputation. I wanted to eat there again and be happy to write a raving review. And honestly, had they delivered even OK food, I would have done just that. My wife & grandson enjoyed their meals but I am the one writing the review and I was not satisfied. Let me just say right upfront I'm not really a chain restaurant kind of guyOur server "Sam" was fine but nothing real personable or engaging. Although she was attentive when it came to drink refills. My wife got the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo my grandson got the Italian Sausage Stromboli and I got the Classic Meat Lasagna. My wife got the Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo my grandson got the Italian Sausage Stromboli and I got the Classic Meat Lasagna. When our dinner did come we realized we didn't get silverware and had to ask for it. My wife enjoyed her Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo. My grandson also liked his dish a lot. Me on the other hand I did not like the Classic Meat Lasagna. Maybe if it was the marinara sauce?  Maybe it's just me and italian food, but it's so hard to find a good italian. Tonight I was very dissapointed. In fact I only ate a little of it and left the rest. When asked if I wanted a box I said "no thanks" As I stated in another review of mine "I'm not the kind of person to send my food back or complain" but you would think when a server can clearly see hardly any of the dish was eaten she would ask if it was OK. But she didn't. For some reason never asked how my dinner was..All three of us got the cheese cake for dessert. We all enjoyed it. Like I said before "  ALL cheesecake is GOOD"FOOD:  I think this is one of those places were some things are ok and some things are great - depending on what you like.  PRICE: good values and filling meals with reasonable prices. SERVICE: Nothing real personable or engaging.  AMBIENCE: Looks pretty much like any other Old Chicago  CONCLUSION:  The prices were decent given the quality & quantity of food
5	Great staff, manager delivered our pizza.  We immediately felt welcomed.  The pizza was delicuous and they had a nice selection of beers on tap.
4	Chicago style deep dish pizza, where else are you going to find it? Food is excellent ... Although it gets a little loud at night time if you only like quiet places ...
5	Love the pizza and great beer flights. Ask for Kim as a server in the bar area, she's the best!
4	Great food and serivce!
2	I used to go here a lot.. Great beer and food specials during happy hour were not too bad.  Recently though, I have not been happy with the service.  The bartenders have had a attitude when asking for a small change to your order or asking for a beer when my glass was empty.  I can only assume this comes from the management down, which have been unpleasant at best.  Great concept but could be done a lot better with the proper staff.  Not worth the time for me anymore..
4	Old Chicago.... From the vast beer selection to the variety on the menu, there is something for everyone! The staff is very attentive even during the busy hours! Quality of food is always consistent and its a great place to spend your hard earned money. Only flaw I see is the time it took to get our entree even though it was not that busy.
4	LARGE beer selection and cool beer program for frequent visitors, paired with good selection of pizza, and other pizza joint offerings.  I LOVE their deep dish pizza and love how they do have some crispy toppings from the oven as well.  Many TV's in the bar and quite a few out in the dining room as well.
3	I have not been there in years, but we had a family get together and pizza won.  We got our table and the server took a few minutes to get there. No big deal.Problem - I went to the rest room and almost gagged.  The WORST smelling restroom I had ever been in; it smelled like a port-a-john in July.  Ugh, so bad.  The waiter was nice guy, he joked with the kids and kept the drinks full.  Not unusual, but I noticed he did not write anything down when the 10 of us were giving our orders.  I've had plenty of servers in the past who have just taken our order by memory.  The key is, ya gotta remember that order correctly.  Clearly he did not as the veggie pizza had 3 meats on it.  oops.  That being said, the pizzas were fantastic and the beers were cheap.  $2 for domestic and $3 for craft beers; ya cant beat that.I'd go back again. I just would not use their restroom again....ever!
5	I love it here!  Best happy hour food.  Best happy hour drinks.  And Kimmy is the best server EVER!!!  She brings us our drinks before we sit down.  She goes above and beyond customer service!!  The food is great..  But realistically Kimmy is the reason we keep coming back.
4	Great pizza and service. The deep dish pizza is crispy on the bottom and really provides a great foundation for lots if toppings.  Their filter on the water probably could be better. Would have given five stars for better tasting iced tea. Glendale tap water definitely needs some help. I'll surely be back.
3	It's not bad; it's not great either. It reminds me of a brightly lit Fox and Hound without all the pool tables and dartboards. The food was typical bar fare. They had pear cider on tap which is a plus for me. Table service was sloooooooow for a Saturday night, and the place was half empty.
3	Great happy hour food. Great wings and drinks. Best Chicago style pizza (best in town, for sure).Food does take a bit longer than expected to come out and everything besides the above mentioned meals are bland.Come here for lunch, leave happy.
4	So, you get one of their "World Tour of Beer" cards (free) and it entitles you to some perks, one of which is half-priced pizza on Thursday nights.While I do have very broad shoulders, I'm not from Chicago and I don't care how authentic it is, but I love their deep dish pies. The crust is crispy and doughy and the toppings are slightly charred by the time the pizza bakes. Big fan of the fresh garlic and their sausage, too. Their happy hour is not bad- it goes til 7 and you get about a buck off of pints. The crowd is mostly blue-collar in the huge bar area, but service is a little slow when they are busy. I'd call it "comfy" in the bar. The bartender cranks out the drinks and beers though, so don't expect her to be able to engage you in a lot of conversation. If you like to play some trivia games while you sit at the bar, they have the electronic version as well as a hosted version.
1	If there was 0 stars that is what I would give.  I did one start because all the cold for was good.   Key word was cold!! Panini, calzone, spaghetti, and pizza. ..all cold!!!  Service was horrible.   For dinner we there almost 2 hours!  I will not be back to this location!
4	Best spot in Peoria for quality craft beer with countless choices to choose from!! Over 30 beers on draft and over 50 different bottles, they do happy hour specials that are unbeatable in this area! Chicago style deep dish pizza to calzones, pepperoni rolls to Italian nachos.. they have all realms of "italian bar food" as well as salads and sandwhiches for the "non-traditionals"Service is great and all the waiters and waitresses are amazing. Specials are consistent, ESPECIALLY around football season!For what it is, best I'd say in this area!
1	Took 45 min to get appetizers! Claimed they were very busy but half the seats were empty. Appetizers were cold. Didn't stay for our meals. Horrible management!
5	30+ Beers on Tap including exclusive Old Chicago brews!40+ different Bottles from around the world to choose from!4-7 and 10-2 Monday thru Friday HAPPY HOUR If you get the OC World Beer Tour Card for free, you get 1/2 price pizza on Thursdays... 6.50 burgers and fries on Monday... The deals are endless, let's just say that!! Not to mention Saturday night shot night, football season specials, every $100 spent is $10 off through the WBT card program too!** For Beer Lovers ** 5/5
4	I visited Old Chicago by accident while looking for a burger joint. You can never go wrong with pizza! I had no idea I was about to eat the best pizza of my life! The service was a bit slow, and our server seemed to frustrated with her day, but she did her job just fine. Appetizers were interesting. We ended up with the trio, which included pepperoni nachos, dipping bread, and pepperoni rolls, which tasted like little puffs of heaven. I met some coworkers for lunch around 2, and the place was nearly deserted. Maybe 1 or 2 other visitors on the food side, and a few people at the bar. Very quiet, which was an ideal setting for our quiet business meeting. I'm very impressed with the pizza. It reminded me of Pizza Hut back when they were charging $30 a pizza. Prices weren't bad, the pizza was a great size, enough for three people to get full on- plus we had enough leftover to bring home to the kiddos! Even though Old Chicago is a little out of my way, I will definitely be back. So congrats, Old Chicago, you just gained 5 new fans today!
4	It's a sports bar that's also an amazing place for pan pizza. The happy hour apps are delicious, but I don't even care because I like their deep dish too much to get anything else. What really shines here is the bar seating that's separate from everything. Here, you'll find dozens of beers on tap. Not just the domestic swill, but really good stuff like Goose Island. On Sunday nights, they have some insane special with like $3 pints for anything. ANYTHING.And even though it's a family restaurant, I almost never see kids running around! Scores highly on atmosphere, especially when I'm watching baseball (Go Brewers!). I still prefer it to certain other pizza parlors that have opened further down Bell Road.
5	Always saw this place but never tried it. Stopped in today and loved it.  Great service and yummy food.........
4	We FINALLY got great service!  We have been here approximately a dozen times due to circumstances beyond our control....but we went in on Tuesday for appetizers and trivia and were lucky to be waited on by Jessica.  She was AWESOME!!  It seems like all the previous times we went our service was HORREDOUS!!  This time was great and we will be back on either a Monday or Tuesday to see Jessica again!
2	The food is very uninspired and lackluster. This was my second visit with family and friends, non of which were truly happy with their meal. The staff and atmosphere  was fine though.
5	I love going here. it reminds me a lot of chicago with the decor. i grew up about 30 miles south of chicago. love the pizzas and love the all the choices of beer.
5	One of my favorites!  Love the classic nachos with chicken - the pizzas are great - and not to mention the selection of beers!
4	We went here on July 4th for dinner and between the 7 of us we spent a little over $110. Between us we tried quite a bit of the menu, I personally tried the Classic Calzone (very good), my son had the Chicago Fire calzone, we all shared the pepperoni rolls. Everything we ordered was tasty. The waitress was attentive but not overly so. We will go back again.
2	$13.83 for a Tosted mac & cheese No meat.... but they charge like if it had shrimp!   I won't order this again. .. over priced, small portion,  and it's not even the best I ever had.
5	So happy with the service. The pizzas we had were wonderful and they have a great drink selection :)
3	I haven't been to Old Chicago in years. But I'm glad I got to checkout out for happy hour. We sat in the bar and had a good IPA from Kona. In fact they had lots of good craft beers on draft.  We ordered some happy hour apps which were decent. I'd like to try their pizza again. Overall just 3 stars. Not bad not great. The TVs look old and small so I wouldn't come here for a game, but the bar stays open till 2am most if the week so I may pop in for a drink here and there and will come back to try the pizza.
4	I like the $2 off deal...pizza is good, beer is cold and lots of Tv's.  Great place to be on Sundays.  Lots of beer to choose from.  A great place to be.
4	Had a thin cheese pizza and it was great. I didn't even ask for extra cheese but it seemed as if there was extra on it. They brought us a small order of garlic rolls and they were so good.
1	Fresh off a trip to Houston and back in town, my friend and I decided to stop by here to start the new mini-tour.  I have been visiting this location for about 3 and a half years and have completed two, almost three world beer tours. When I entered I asked for Adam, our usual server, as he does a great job (usually leave 25-30% tip as he is great). He wasn't in, so we were stuck with a server that I have had in the past who is "so-so". We sit down and start watching the football game. He approaches and asks what we would like to drink. I respond with, "We are looking to start the mini beer tour". He explains how it works, we order the $3 beer on special and then he asks for ID. In Texas, they required me to surrender my Arizona License and they printed out a temporary. I present it to him and he quickly takes it over to the manager. I figured it would be a quick conversation as I have seen the same thing happen twice before and the manager recognizes its valid. It takes about 30-60 days for Texas to create and mail the license so I knew this could be a potential issue, but never go in the direction it headed. Much to my surprise, he comes over and says he cannot serve me. I responded, "Let me talk to Summer". (Summer is the manager, I have been coming to this location since she was a server and she had helped me at least a half dozen times over the years). I explained the situation with the driver's license and that I had been coming to this establishment for years. First of all, she didn't recognize me. When I tried to point out how long I have been coming here and that Adam usually serves my friend and I, all she said is, "Adam is in tomorrow and he can serve you then. Unfortunately because this waiter asked you for your ID we can't serve you". Does that make any sense?!?! So if I come in tomorrow with my ID and don't get asked for it, then everything is okay?!?! Something smells fishy....Second, I flew back on a plane from Houston and cleared security to fly a plane with my temporary ID! Also, if law enforcement pulled me over my ID would be valid. Is Old Chicago holding its customers to a higher standard? And why will other restaurants accept the ID except for them?Anyways, I am going to call and ask for the district managers phone number and talk to him/her. I have been a loyal customer for years and do not believe this is how a person should be treated!
2	I have been going to old chicago for 5 years now. it was here that I got to know and love my soul mate. We would come and have a beer and talk and get to know one another and get to know the staff. We havw seen this restaurant go through many changes all the while we were going for the staff. Old chicago has stopped serving many of their most popular dishes. But we would go and see Courtney and Kimmie but now I must say that they can't even save our business.  On Wednesday we were in and we tried the new deal of  a appetizer and 2 entries for $20. She ordered a salad and I ordered a personal pizza. When they brought out her food they told me that my pizza had burned and they were making a new one. it came out but 20 minutes later and she had finished her salad so I ate quickly. The manager came to apologize and comped my meal. I undrrstand that mistakes can happen. Tonight 2 nights later we go back an order from the same menu this time I order spaghetti and meatballs. The manager comes out and  tells me they are out of meatballs. Are you kidding me. How does an Italian place run out of meatballs.  I drank my beer she had her wings and we left. Courtney and Kimmie we love you but I don't think I can come to a place that screws up the order twice in 2 nights with the same person. Very disappointed in how far the place has slipped. I will always have fond memories of when I was dating my love over a beer.
5	It is rare that I try something new every time I go to a restaurant, but Old Chicago is just so good that I can't help myself. Their specialty pizzas are delicious. They also have an impressive beer selection, and make good mixed drinks. I enjoy their spicy bloody mary. Not that we've never had problems at Old Chicago, but when they accidentally brought us a full sized pizza instead of a personal pizza, they only charged us for the personal pizza. And when their roof had a leak during a rain storm, they gave us a free dessert. My fiance and I have been there many times, and will probably return for many more.
5	Been going here for years. Especially love the relaxed patio the most. Food is always good and atmosphere is very laid back. Drinks are fair priced and we really enjoy Kim as our server. Never a disappointment at Old Chicago.
4	They always have a special available for the loyalty customers. Very helpful and willing to let you change the side to something else
5	I went in and asked for Adam. He apologized for the mistakes made in my previous review. He said they just went through a liquor certification process and we're doing what they had to do because of a new liquor law. They have a new special since I was here for a lunch special with an individual pizza and salad for $8! Very good deal considering how awesome the pizzas are!
