4	Great food and unique menu.  Place is out of the way and a little hard to find.
5	Wonderful food, warm and friendly service. Chef Luca is internationally-trained, and his wife Jessica is the sweetest hostess. Best restaurant in the Charlotte area.
4	Don't let the looks or location fool you--this is serious fine dining, albeit in the last place you'd look.When I saw this pop up amongs the former gambling dives where 21 and 51 intersect in Fort Mill, I was more than a little dubious.   After I'd read a couple of surprisingly good reviews, I decided to give it a shot.  I was not disappointed.It looks a little 'iffy' from the outside, and you could easily miss it if you're not paying attention.  The interior decor could be better--it's a little ecclectic, and not necessarily in a good way--but it's very cozy and intimate.  Nice for a romantic dinner for 2, or to gather with a few friends for a cozy dinner.But it's the food that keeps me coming back.  I make it a point to order something different every time because I'm always happily surprised each time I do.  Their menu changes with the seasons and with the availability of local incredients--I respect the chef for working with local/organic growers.We've had many things there that we love, including sea bass, giant  ravioli with a pumpkin filling, lamb, and on and on.  Often, before the entree arrives, the waiter will bring us an amuse-bouche.  It's always some very unusual concoction, and it's always good (except one time, they served us goat-cheese-stuffed marischino cherries--that was weird).I'm usually too full for dessert, but once I managed to order something.  I can't quite remember what it was (it was awhile ago), but I remembered dying and going to heaven.  Excellent cup of cappucino didn't hurt either.The bartender is seriously good.  Every drink I've had is top-notch yummy.  Certainly not stingy on the alcohol.The waitstaff are very attentive and informed and can easily help you choose from the menu.  Service is very good.  Often, the owner's wife will greet you herself at the front door and check on you during dinner. One funny thing we've noticed is that we always end up chatting with the couple at the table next to us, even tasting eachother's foods.  And we make long-term friends right there. This is one of my favorite places.  I love to bring my food-snob Charlotte friends here and watch their faces light up as they are impressed with every bite.
5	Wonderful, locally-grown, organic food. An incredible gem in the Charlotte area. Service is warm, and the food is outstanding. Love this place. Jessica and Luca (owners) are sweet, caring people. Try it. You will not be dissapointed.
4	Cool little place.  Horrible area.  And I say that because I have been told I lived in one of the worst parts of town.  But if possible, this might even top it.  To make matters even more challenging, you almost can't map your way to their front door, so you may get lost in the manufacturing wasteland that surrounds this little gem.  Or end up at Bojangles.  Work through the pain.  It's worth it.We actually went for the Dining in the Dark event, to benefit a charity for the visually challenged.  As such, we didn't get to see much of the place.  At least, not once the blindfolds came down.However, the experience was cool.  It's different than what you see on television through the nightvision cameras.  Those generally don't seem to have you blindfolded for one, or skanky hos doing nasty things when they think no one is watching.  But as we were actually there with other diners, the blindfolds were required.  It also gave the "normals" something to laugh at.  Sort of a built-in entertainment if you will.I can't really say much about the service, as I didn't drink much of my water, not wanting to spill it on myself, the people I dined with, the table or the floor.  So the glass may very well have been empty the entire time.  The whole process did seem to go a bit slow - though that could have been because they were trying to serve twenty blindfolded people and talk them through their meal while keeping up with regular diners as well.As to the food, it was really good.  I just wish there was more of it.  When you're dining and concentrating only on the food, it's so much better.  It may have not looked like much - or it may even have looked outstanding - but it tasted phenomenal.  I am sure that I ate things that I may not even have ordered in a normal setting, and I probably looked ridiculous doing so, but I enjoyed the process immensely.Finally found the menu, and it consisted of oxtail-stuffed ravioli, veal strip loin with ostrich pate, purple peruvian potatoes and a lemoncello pancetta on almond shortdough.  For those that were wondering.  I have no idea if this is a typical meal or if it was special for us.
5	RPassion8 is one of my favorite restaurants in the charlotte area.  Owners Jessica and Luca are very accommodating and are willing to make whatever you want even off the menu.  Always have a great time there.  Most everything is local organic proteins and produce.  Luca is a genius in the kitchen!  This is a must try place.
5	Based on my last visit, this review should be a 4.  After going to this "Dining in the Dark" challenge, where they blindfold you and you guess what you ate.  The food was okay, but it was too expensive for not having a choice what you eat.  $70 per person for red snapper?  Won't do that again.  I felt like it was a great idea that just wasn't executed properly and overpriced.  My advice is to order from the menu, which changes based on the seasonal offerings.What's worth the money on the menu?  Start out with the fried calamari with jalapeno aioli.  Calimari is tender, not rubbery, and the sauce is crazy good.  I think it's one of the only mainstays on the menu.  Main course - pork chops.  Period.  It's huge so split it or take some home.  Save room for desert.  Be prepared to spend money here.  It's worth it if you follow my instructions ;-)
4	I just ate lunch at this place and was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was fresh, unique, and tasty.  All for a reasonable price.The reason that it is not a five star place is simply because of its location.  Too bad - the location is what has likely contributed to apparent low traffic as seen during lunch and as I drive by in the evening.The food is as good as you would get downtown at some of the best places.  After today, I now intend to take my wife for an evening meal one of these weekends.One lesson for the hostess - don't seat anyone in the back room unless the main dining area is crowed.
5	Awesome food...  the chef is the owner and has worked for some of the best restaurants in the world.  His wife is the hostess and is so gregarious that time with her makes the trip worth it...  Well worth your time and money....  My favorite place to eat in the Charlotte area
4	My boyfriend and I choose Passion8 during Charlotte Restaurant Week/Queens Feast. I checked out the menu and they were featuring bison steak and rabbit, etc., which you can't get just anywhere. Plus, I knew this place was in Fort Mill but really had no idea where so it was a little adventure. It is just down the road from Miller's Produce. the service was great and it is cozy and intimate in there (it's an older house). The pasta starter was very good and savory and our entrees were prepared perfectly. My boyfriend got the SC catch of the day and I chose the bison. Desserts were very delicious as well. Good date place or a place to take a large family.
5	I am so excited to be only the 6th person to review Passion8 Bistro! Do not let the little number of reviews steer you from trying this very unique restaurant. I was taken here for my birthday dinner date but actually had no idea where we were going as it was a surprise. With living in the uptown area, this place was definitely out of the way, but it is completely worth it. It is really only about 20 minutes from uptown but the restaurant is located down a far dirt road so it makes it seem further away than it truly is.  The restaurant is a small house with a larger patio built on the back.We had an early dinner so it was still light outside and much darker inside. The decor inside was extremely interesting with kitchy little knick knacks everywhere and dark red painted walls. The bathroom even reminded me of what my Grandma's bathroom would look like. But it was cozy despite the strange decor and also gave the dining room the flair that so many other eateries lack. We were the first table to arrive for dinner (around 5:30) and were seated promptly because of our reservation and the menu was explained to us as well as the beer and wine list by our very knowledgeable server. There is no menu online for Passion8 Bistro because it changes so often. I've heard the chef really knows his stuff and the cuisine definitely proved that point. I ordered a salad that was deconstructed with green apples, cubed beets, fresh nuts, goat cheese and mustard vinaigrette. (MY type of salad!!) The appetizer that we ordered started off small so we were worried about the size of the other portions considering all menu items were fairly pricey. Were we wrong.. after finishing an appetizer and salad each, we were presented with the scallops. We each ordered the scallops but I suggested mine with risotto instead of succotash. 4 HUGE fresh scallops were beautifully presented on a place with risotto and deliciously prepared beets. I do not really care for beets but these were awesome! I ate every bite of my dish and even though I was stuffed, I of course saved room for dessert, which was a tiramisu cake with coffee ice cream. Nothing was left behind by us two. After we were finished with our entrees, the chef actually walked by our table and cleared our plates while walking back to the kitchen.. now THAT is personal service! :)This was such a great birthday dinner and I would DEFINITELY return to Passion8 Bistro again for a special occasion. If you are considering a nice dinner and would like to get out of the same Charlotte areas.. try Fort Mill instead! The ingredients are super fresh, the menu is well-thought out and service was personal and attentive. I personally think the food here is better than most steakhouses and more expensive fine dining places in Charlotte.
5	Passion8 Bistro is a dining experience that you will remember.  From comforting decor to service and gorgeous plating to impeccable food, this is a gem of a restaurant.  Farm to table, the server carefully described the menu and dishes.  The portions are generous and the taste is amazing.  This is your place for a special occasion, a nice date night, and if you just want to experience a 5 star top quality restaurant. Passion8 Bistro is a must try!!!!!!
4	Price range for dinner are between $$ or $$$ price range.  Had veal chops (22 oz) and it was very nice balance of flavor with plum based sauce and collard greens cooked on its own with bacon.  Overall if very nice place and the chef takes the time to come out and say hello.  Like the name, he is a passionate foodie and cared greatly about locally grown and gathered foods.  If you are in the area, it is definitely a special occasion place that is worth visiting even when it is a bit out of the way.
5	This place is a hidden gem! First of all, it's one of the only romantic restaurants left in the Charlotte area. The atmosphere is perfect for quiet conversation and staring into each other's eyes. Then there's the food! The chef takes great pride in finding and preparing fresh local ingredients daily. This includes the produce, meats and fish. And you can definitely taste the care and love he puts into each and every dish. I found this restaurant on a fluke when I got lost in an industrial area of Fort Mill. What a happy accident! There is not a lot of publicity around this restaurant so I'm hoping word of mouth keeps this place going as I'm looking forward to many delicious meals there!
5	French cooking with some interesting fusions going on, Passion8 is one of the best restaurants in the metro.  Fois Gras that is expertly made without being cloying or compromising, lamb and duck just as you'd find them on the Right Bank, and an impressive beer and wine list make this a great date night/business meeting location.
5	Like Claudine S., I headed to Passion8 Bistro for Thanksgiving dinner. Friends had raved about the food and I was looking for an excuse to check it out. Yes, Passion8 is a little out of the way, but it is certainly worth the effort. I had no problem finding the restaurant using Google Maps (just keep driving west on Pineville-Matthews Road/Rt. 51) and it is not on a dirt road ;-) I travel quite a bit and have the opportunity to eat at terrific restaurants around the world. Passion8 ranks right up there with the best of them. All of the dishes had unique twists that made them stand out. My dining companion noticed that there weren't salt and pepper shakers on the table--and the chef is right! The first thing I noticed about all of the dishes was how well seasoned everything was--from the salad, to scallops, to side dishes, to pumpkin bread pudding. I am looking forward to returning to this restaurant to discover what new dishes the chef has created from fresh, locally grown ingredients.
5	This is just a great place to eat, great care in the food and such a warm place to be
5	Great food. Great service.
4	First off, the food here is really good. It's great to eat somewhere that the food is really the priority. You can tell that the chef really loves (is Passionate!), about food.Second; the description of this restaurant shows pricing as $$, but I really disagree with that. I'd say it is a solid $$$. The cheapest entree was the vegetarian selection, at $18, and the most expensive was the bison strip steak at $48. Most fell about $30. To me, that is a $$$.Thirdly; I think some people are being a bit dramatic about the location. It's really not that hard to find at all. I mean, it's Ft. Mill, not the ends of the earth. Use a navigator if you need to. I knew where this was, but I used the navigator on my phone, just to see if it would find it, and it did, no problem.The ambience: It's really small (I would suggest reservations), but I love the decor. It's pretty cool, and very cozy (expect to be sitting very close to your neighbor - I generally dislike this kind of a set up, but this place is so small that they have no choice). It gets really loud in there, too. There were times we couldn't hear each other talking.The food: was excellent. You can tell that great care and love is  taken with the food. The best we had was the calamari appetizer. It was a generous portion of the most delicious light olive oil sauce with chopped jalepenos. It was one of the best preperations of calamari that I've ever had. I could have just had this for my meal. For main courses, we had the pork chops and the striped bass. The pork chop (as others have said), is huge. I think it must have been at least an inch thick. I don't know how they cooked it so perfectly, when it was so thick! This entree could most definitely feed 2 people. The bass had an asian twist, served over noodles. It was good, but not as exciting as the pork chop. The portions were so large that we didn't have room to try any dessert! Next time I would just order one appetizer and one entree to split. It would save money, and the portions would allow this. One things that I thought kind of strange was that they had no tea; not sweetened nor unsweetened. It seems like a pretty standard drink to have, no?
5	Passion8 Bistro is the best kept secret in Charlotte, Very Romantic and absolutely amazing food.  Strange location but every bite was delicious.
5	What a gem. A friend of ours recommended this place to us for a nice romantic evening. We've been twice since the recommendation and both times have been nothing short of amazing. Great local fresh food and top notch service make this our Charlotte special occasion restaurant of choice.
5	We found this through Yelp.  A farm-to-table restaurant, the menu changes frequently.  The food was wonderful and fresh!  We had the amberjack, and the duck breast, which were fantastic.    We had the tiramisu dessert, which was also excellent.  A nice Macallan 12 year scotch ended the evening perfectly.It's very small and intimate, and the staff is very attentive.  A little out of the way, but it's worth it.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte hands down.  I love the atmosphere and quiet, yet romantic ambiance.  The food is top notch and it's an added bonus that it is locally grown.  I feel like the menu is tailored to the season and availability of ingredients.  It is truly a special menu and unlike anything in Charlotte.  I have been with girlfriends for wine and a nice meal as well as my husband for a date night.  I recommend a reservation as the restaurant is smaller in size. It is totally worth the drive.
4	We have been to Passion8 twice now, the first time was for restaurant week. This place really is a great spot in an unexpected area tucked off of Carowinds and intersects with 51. This time we ordered calamari to start. Different because it has an Asian flair. They bring out an amuse bouche each time you go. This time it was a chilled roasted cauliflower. Yum. They also brought out wonderful bread with olive tapenade with olive oil for dipping. I ordered the daily ravioli which was eggplant and sausage with ricotta. My guy ordered the veggie duo which consisted of corn risotto and a lentil dish. Everything was just out of this world. They also started doing a monthly Farm To Table dinner outside which occurs toward the end of the month.
2	On our way to Columbis,SC for business my colleague and I wanted to stop for a top notch meal. So we yelped the area as we drove down the highway. This place got rave reviews so since we are both foodies we pointed our GPS in this direction and went.What a horrible experience!! I am not sure if the waitress thought two women were not worth her time or what. We never got an amuse-bouche, had to beg for bread. We got our meal long after others who arrived long after we did. Then we decided to order one last item, the waitress' response; "This will fill you up or do you need more?"Our waitress was an older woman who looked southern european.Now the food- the zucchini flowers with marscarpone had so many flavors going on it was too busy. Not to mention SCAULDING hot!!!! So hot it couldn't be enjoyed.The tomato bisque I ate at Applebees the day before was so much better than their pomodoro suopa. Everything was too hot to enjoy or tasteless.at 28-35.00 a main course the experience was lost on us. I would not suggest visiting a 2 star restaurant with 5 star prices.
5	Superb Service! !! !!!  The Chef/Owner visited each table BEFORE any food was even ordered!  That is SMART!  The whole staff works as a Great TEAM and made my Dinner an experience that out shined the very good food!Complimentary Smoked Fish (something I would never order) was very good!Calamari (Deep fried) served in a Honey Jalapeno Sauce with Limes!  This calamari is in the top three Calamaris I have ever eaten1  Fantastic!  Five yelp stars!New York Strip (yes, 55 it had a Black Truffle Demi Glaze) served with Orange and yellow Carrots and an Unusual Vegetable I cannot remember nor spell, nor pronounce!  It is hard to use a yelp rating on this dish (please NOTE) Cooked Perfectly!  Close to four yelp stars!  The Vegetables were perfect too!  I guess the demi glaze brought the rating down!  This was a Huge Steak so it was a good value.The Two Desserts that I ordered were (i not not know what to call them so i'll describe them each:  First: : Tirimisu x 2 a "scoop" like formation of Tirimisu in a caramel Almond top-open "cookie shell" on Top of a second scoop of Tiramisu.  Second Dessert was a warm Chocolate Cake, stuffed with melting Chocolate Mousse topped with a, a , a ,a ,a , more, Thick-as-Icing Chocolate Mousse!  The Cake was sitting in a yum Vanilla something (see the photos)!  These Desserts were Beautiful, Great Quality and tasted almost as good as they looked.    Last week I re-visited this place to find a Much Improved Dinning Experience, since my first dine in August of 2008 (when they first opened).Ugly Exterior is part of the Charm! The previous business had a questionable (probably unquestionable really) reputation in Pineville/Fort Mill - Part of the intrigue... When the new owner changed it to a Restaurant, the place kept some of the old charm (I can imagine - Not too much though). The first time I dined here was August (8th Month) of 2008 - I believe they opened for business 8-8-2008 The 8's have some significance to the owners that is why they play on 8 in Passion8 (passionate) I ate that!  Passionate about food, eating and cooking!
4	What an amazing place!!  We have been here a few times now and it has definitely made our "favorites" list.  Recently visited for the Clam Bake...out of this world.  From their website/email I wasn't sure what was included...so I called and Chef Luca called me back personally to explain.  That's personal service!!  The plate that was served literally took up my entire side of the table.  Everything was fantastic...but the 1/2 of lobster topped the charts for me.  Outstanding food and service and we can't wait to return!!  Speaking of service...Jessie our server, she was awesome.
5	What a delightful surprise in the (seeming) middle of nowhere!  Some friends had been before for work, so they knew what they were getting us into, but it was an absolute pleasure for my first visit.  We had a large party (about 10 people), and while I was surprised at the relatively narrow selection of options, everyone in our party was able to try almost everything on the menu.  I went with the scallops dish, and there were 5 large scallops, which is almost unheard of.  My neighbor had the NY Strip, which was absolutely divine, and someone else got the foie gras.  The caesar salad even came in a jar (fun AND tasty, to get to shake it up like that)  I didn't partake in any of the desserts, but my seatmate looked extra happy with her choice of a chocolate something-or-other.  All in all, the food was unique, fresh, local, plentiful, and beautifully presented.  NOt to mention the atmosphere, which was dark, lush red walls of what looked like a former home, great music, and a responsive waitress.  Highly recommended.
4	Had a fabulous anniversary dinner!! Food was delicious and service was great! They even provided a handwritten note wishing us a happy anniversary and a yummy tiramisu! My only complaint is the tables in the middle of the room are too close. Our romantic anniversary dinner ended up included conversation with the couple next to us which was a bummer! Remove one of those tables and it would work.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Charlotte. Forget about uptown, plaza midwood, elizabeth, south park, myers park or any of that crap. The place serves phenomenal absolutely to die for food, has amazing service, is housed in a building that served as a poker den prior and prior to that a brothel, and is literally in the middle of nowhere bordering NC and SC between westinghouse/carrowinds exits off the 77. Just awesome
5	After reading all of the great reviews about this place, we had to check it out for ourselves.  We were not disappointed!  This place didn't look like much from the outside but inside was full of character.  The dining room was small and cozy.  The food was fresh, the presentation was very nice, and our waiter was great and had outstanding knowledge of the menu items.  They had a nice cocktail menu as well.  The bar has been set pretty high by all of these excellent reviews but this place certainly lived up to the hype for us.
5	My sister and I wanted a nice dinner out in a place we've never tried before. We opted to drive down to Passion8 Bistro. I'll get my commentary about the location of this place out of the way. Let's just say that if Silver Pictures, Inc. ever wants to make a sequel to the movie Road House, Passion8 Bistro's parking lot is the perfect location for the outdoor bar-brawl scenes.Once inside, Passion8 is quaint, cozy, romantic, and a little bit quirky. The walls are painted a deep shade of burgundy, and they are full with decorative objects. The restaurant is small and has only a few seats in the main dining room. I think there is additional seating in a wing toward the back of the restaurant. There is a small bar at the back, and they do have an outdoor dining area that you pass when you enter.Service is amazing. Everyone I encountered there was knowledgeable, friendly, patient, and extremely professional. Passion8 specializes in slow and local food, so a daily menu is offered at Passion8. While the selection seemed small, everything sounded interesting. I settled on a fish dish, a starter, and some wine. Another server came around with a complimentary taste of another dish in between courses. It was so good! The flavors are adventurous, but the dishes work because they are executed perfectly. We ordered coffee at the end, and it was amazing too! I highly recommend Passion8 Bistro, especially for a special occasion or splurge night. Prices are high, but you get everything you expect for it, which makes it worth it.
5	We stopped by Passion 8 for restaurant week with 2 other couples.  I want to say that the wife and I have been here for each of the last 4 restaurant week events.  On top of that, we have been to Passion 8 on a few other occasion, and I can honestly say that I have not had a bad meal here.  I have to credit the wife here, because she found this place on the restaurant week website initially, otherwise we would never have known about it.  The location is a little odd, as it is in what can best be described as an industrial area of Fort Mill between Highway 51 and Highway 21.  Despite the Fort Mill address, my friend still calls Passion 8 the best restaurant in Charlotte, and it is relatively close to the state line.Anyway, now on to the food, and I will start by saying that this was probably the least exciting menu for restaurant week that they have had, but it was still awesome.  I ordered the line up below:Smoked NC Trout Mousse - New Town Farms shaved cucumber watermelon cube, yuzu emulsion & candied pistachio nutsHickory Nut Gap Pork Ribs - Niese's cabbage slaw, smoked SC peaches & house made barbecue sauce with crispy onionsLovely Lemon Bar - apricot coulis topped with toasted lavender meringueSC Peach Panna Cotta - caramel & pink lava saltThe flavors in all these dishes were amazing.  I particularly enjoyed the dessert and I am not a dessert guy.  The chef uses fresh local ingredients in all his dishes and the restaurant truly embodies the farm to table concept.  The regular menu changes daily based on what is in season or at its freshest.  The beer and wine selection is decent considering the size and location of the restaurant.  The service has always been excellent and chef's wife, who serves as hostess and manager, usually visits each table to check on things.The meal can be a little pricey, but it is well worth it and I would recommend Passion 8 to anyone and everyone.
5	The food is absolutely wonderful. I love that all their vegetables and meet are from local venders. I can't wait to go back!
1	Happy Birthday and don't bring your kids! For my 40th my hubby took me & our kids to dinner. We've been to Passion8 several times but not w/our kids.  It was 5pm on a Thurs and the restaurant was empty. Our kids looked at the menu & said is there anything simpler to eat?  I asked the hostess. She said yes, of course. Your waitress will tell you about it. The waitress asked how old the kids were. Then she said they'd have to eat off the adult menu and the chef would make modifications. Things got worse from there. The rest of the meal we were treated like 2nd class citizens, especially after the suits came in. Our waitress just disappeared. The kids didn't like the food and their meals were not modified. The hostess asked us if we wanted anything else 20 minutes after dinner.  We said we would like to order dessert.  She sent the waitress over. No one wished me a happy bday when the dessert came out . They just slapped it on the table. My husband looked shocked. He had been clear about it being my birthday and included it in the reservation. He wanted it to be special for me. When the check came, the waitress said, Oh and by the way, Happy Bday. She said it in a monotone/blunt way and we did not feel welcome. Worst Bday ever! I felt so bad for my husband.  He tried so hard and I love him for it!
4	The ultimate date night spot, pricey but absolutely worth it. Very intimate atmosphere without feeling crowded. Amazingly prepared food from local ingredients was perfect and the staff was always available.
4	Great food and great service. We will be back. :-)The calamari was amazing. Best I've ever had. On par with Ruth's Chris. Steak and salad was also excellent. On par with Ruth's Chris in quality, preparation, and better in presentation. Very attentive and knowledgable service which we greatly appreciated.
5	Oh, man.  This place is AWESOME.Very romantic - fewer than 20 tables in a small bistro.  Daily menu for main entrees with a specialty appetizer, as well as a regular menu of salads, and the best calamari I have ever put in my mouth.  Lightly breaded with a honey-cilantro glaze.  No need for marinara here!They have a nice beer and wine selection as well.  The ambiance is so nice, and the service is great, too.This is an excellent place to take someone special when you want to make an impression.
2	Went for a friend's birthday.  Party of 10.My wife made reservations for our friend's birthday party about 5 days in advance.  We were seated to at two tables pushed together, with four people on each side and one on the ends.  They have a very small dining room, so I know they wanted to get as many people in as possible, but this was a bit much.The waitress was very attentive and gave great suggestions to their limited menu.  She explained that everything is fresh and local, so that is why there is only about 5 or 6 selections for main courses.  We all ordered appetizers for the table and our main courses.  She asked us (in a statement kind of way) "soup or salad", so everyone assumed it was included in our entrees.  Not so much.  Being that the entrees are all over $25 and up to $42, I was a little put off that she didn't ask us if we wanted soup or salad, suggesting it was extra.  My bad for assuming and not delving further, but everyone at the table (but one) was a bit ticked that they got charged another $10 for salad, when they wouldn't have ordered it.  Basically, they got an extra $90 out of the party for salads nine people didn't really want.My dinner was fantastic.  I ordered the double boned pork chop.  It could have fed a small army, it was that big, but it was also really delicious.  My wife ordered the scallops, and they were overdone and had a lot of sand in several of them, which ruined it for her.Overall the experience was good, but for the money ($200 with tip for 2 people), I would have liked my wife's food and the seating to be better.  Also, they charged me for 2 more beers than I actually ordered ($9 a piece), so I had to have her fix that.
5	Surprising to read some of the really negatives here....BUT, that's not MY story! The wife and I typically don't like the "special holiday" meals as our experience has tended to show that many places do NOT put their best foot (or in these cases, chef knives) forward for these occasions. However, the trend lately here in Charlotte is that we're having more positive experiences than negative ones....Take Easter brunch at Passion8 Bistro. We've been here 2 years now, and I've read nothing but good things. OK, so it's just not "cheap." What quality place is, I mean come on? You can't compare this to Bojangles (there is one conveniently located next door by the way). I digress.....Passion8 was simply SUPERB!A confessed "foodie" myself (and I've got the GUT to prove it, literally), the incredible FRESHNESS of the produce was outstanding! I don't know if I've ever had cherry tomatoes from this time of the year so darn good! I mean, come on....I'm raving about cherry tomatoes? You betcha!They had a very limited menu for the brunch. Wife had the garden greens, and everything was VERY fresh, and I had the quiche. Snarf down course 1.We ordered their take on eggs benedict with, of course, house made Hollandaise. Now I had the slow-braised lamb with an ever-so-subtle Indian Jalfrezi sauce, over a carrot-infused thick pasta which they made that morning. Ok, so it's pasta, right? Well let me tell you something......I've eaten my fair share of "fresh pasta." But this had to be some of THE best pasta I've ever had! First the cherry tomato rave....now the PASTA! Yupper! They finished it in a clarified butter. So you've got unctuous slow-braised lamb in a delicious yet subtle Indian curry sauce, over some of the best pasta of my life sauteed in butter? RE-DIC-U-LOUS! I considered eating the PLATE to absorb more of those flavors.So finally, they brought us a 3 mini-course dessert to share. Suffice it to say it was wonderful....I can't even remember it totally except for the peanut butter panacotta! But I still cannot get over that lamb-pasta dish. You know, one of my all time favorite indulgences is Pasta Carbonara......Now, I can ONLY imagine what Chef Luca can whip up with that uber yummy fresh pasta and a bacon CREAM sauce! Holy ^(*&$)( imagination Batman. Can't wait to try.And this was our FIRST time here, and we are DEFINITELY going back.....on Pasta Carbonara night! Again it's not cheap. But sometimes you just have to cough it up to enjoy the finer things in life. Bravo to Chef Luca and his wonderful staff. Thank you for making our Easter a special one!UBER Recommended!
3	I fully anticipated that I would be writing an absolutely glowing review of Passion8 after an incredible dinner.  Unfortunately, I can't rant and rave.  As several others have stated, you'd nearly drive right past the small and indescript building that houses the restaurant.  The inside is cozy and dark, yet quiet and appropriate for a formal meal.The menu is two pages - the first is a list of 5 daily entree specials that changes on a daily basis, and the second is a list of appetizers and a salad and soup which change seasonally.  Unfortunately, of the 5 appetizers listed, we were told they were only serving 3.  And, the soup that was listed had been replaced as well.  Appetizer prices range $12-17 and the soup/salad were $10.  Our table started with the calamari, which was a decent sized portion and coated in a very well season sauce.  I'd certainly recommend that course.  The salads were small, yet good, and the soup was tastefully seasoned.I made our reservation nearly 2 weeks ago for a birthday celebration and specifically asked if a vegetarian entree could be available and was assured it would be featured on the menu.  However, when we arrived, there was nothing on the menu that was vegetarian.  When I inquired, I was told the chef would be happy to prepare a unique vegetarian dish for me.  Based on the delicious-sounding sides listed with the other entrees, I was expecting a heart dish filled with well seasoned vegetables.  Sadly, what I received was the scallop entree only with tofu nuggets substituting for the seafood.  The tofu was seared but without any seasoning, and the remaining few vegetables on the plate were all cold.  Hugely disappointing would be an understatement.  Our table also ordered the cobia and scallops and both were good, but very small portions and lacking the depth of flavor and complexity we expected for a restaurant of this caliber.  Entree prices were $25-45.  Several tables around us ordered the pork chop and steak and the portion sizes were easily 3x that which we were served with our vegetarian and seafood plates.Would I return again, probably not.  Charlotte has an incredibly varied and deep food scene, and there are many more restaurants that I would return to again and again for excellent service, appropriate pricing, and modest portions.
5	I have traveled a lot and had many excellent dining experiences but never as great as Passion 8.   The food is fabulous.  The atmosphere is perfect for a romantic dinner or get together with friends.  The paring of tastes with each course is exquisite and yet subtle, allowing you to experience each bite.  If you haven't been here you need to added to your must do list.
4	I live in Charlotte but spend many days in the Fort Mill area.  We have struggled to find a place that has great food, is unique and would make me want to return.  Passion 8 is truly unique; old house ambiance, experimental menu, and only uses local produce.  The menu changes daily which i like, but could be viewed as limited.  I prefer a place to focus on a few good dishes as opposed to so several average dishes.I started with a salad which had great taste and ordered the steak.  The dish had plenty of flavor and although the portion looked small, I was stuffed.  Overall I give it 4 out of 5 stars and would recommend this restaurant.  The service was excellent and they made on the fly changes to dishes to suit my girlfriends requests.   The downside - price.  Very , very pricey.  I will go back but it is not a just drop in meal -  $150 for the two of us with 2 drinks each.
5	Wow.  We just happened upon this restaurant--with the help of Yelp.  What an amazing experience.The food, the ambience, the attentive staff were all wonderful.  I loved the atmosphere--it was small, intimate and cozy.  The food was amazing, sensitively handled, with subtle flavors that celebrated each dish.  The staff were very attentive and easy to converse with.  The chefs are to be congratulated!  It was so apparent that they love to create unique experiences.
5	This local farm-to-table restaurant has so many delicious and surprising options on their menu. The menu changes daily to offer the freshest ingredients. Everything that we've had at Passion8 has been delicious, although the lamb shank was not as tasty as the fish that was offered upon our last visit. Our desert was incredible, it was a blueberry cheesecake with nutella mousse. The drinks are tasty as well. The only negatives of Passion8 are it's hidden location, the outside of the building and their website. Once you're inside, you can tell it's going to be an enjoyable and delicious experience!
2	I used to come here all the time and loved this place for years, and then I had a horrible 40th birthday experience. A friend of mine convinced me to come back saying it had changed. I said great let's go, but not order drinks, she's a big drinker.  We were greeted and sat at the table and as usual daily changing menu looked great and then we ordered no drinks and light meals and the attitude of the waitress went cold. Suddenly we weren't as important as the other tables and it was almost impossible to get her attention. Same old same old. The food is excellent but the service is lacking and honestly there are so many amazing high end restaurants in the Charlotte area, I can't say I'll be wasting my money here again.
5	What a fabulous surprise! Quick overnight on our way to pick up kids from summer camp. We were enticed by reviews that mentioned that they are a farm to table restaurant. We learned that they work with over 40 local farms. The smokey corn chowder soup was by far the best soup I have ever had. I nearly cancelled my entree to opt for another bowl. Thank goodness I didn't because the grouper with spinach infused risotto was to die for. My husbands selections were equally impressive...rabbit appetizer and beef  short ribs with a foie grois bread pudding. The service was fabulous as well. We are looking forward to our next trip to the Charlotte area and we WILL go out of our way to enjoy Chef Luca's food!
4	A great experience although seating was a little cramped for my liking.  Both the appetizers and main course we tried were unique, layered with flavor and good sized portions. Our waiter explained each dish as he brought them out and was attentive throughout. Overall I would say the price was well matched to the quality of the meal. If the tables were just a bit bigger it would be even better (seeing a common trend here?!)
5	We drove past Passion8 Bistro multiple time on our way from Fort Mill to Pineville and never really thought twice about it until our neighbors mentioned how good it was.  They weren't wrong.Both time we went our meals were excellent.  The menu changes frequently and is made up of local fresh items that are in season.  The double chop was outstanding, flavorful, and quit a good portion.  The fish we had the other night was a delight.  If you are feeling a little daring try the bartender's whimsy.  Both drinks were unique and worked well with my order.The waiter was very helpful and explained each course in detail.  He was always there when needed but was not hovering over.  The chef stopped by to ensure everything was to our liking and was very friendly.Prices may be a little high but well worth the price for an outstanding meal.  A pleasant surprise in an out-of-the-way location.
5	What a great place!   I haven't been to Passion8  in at least 5 years and I'm so happy I came again.The place is just as small as I remember, but a bit darker, and more cramped feeling.  The decor is pleasant and somewhat fancy, but not pretentious. As stated in other reviews they are farm to table and support local and regional farmers, which is something unique and special within itself.Firstly, the accompanied amuse-bouche, came with the meal.  It was amazing, and I knew right then and there that I was about to have an awesome meal. The group I was with split a shrimp appetizer and one ordered the salad to start.  The salad was fantastic, and the shrimp had a very interesting flavor on top of pickled vegetables and grits.  Can't go wrong there!  As a huge fish lover, I went with the catch of the day. The waiter told me that the fish was caught in Wilmington, NC and even told me the name of the fisherman! The fish was cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and extremely moist and tender on the inside! The sauce, rice and broccoli that came with it all had unique flavors that you would never see at the usual restaurant which is nice to try.Overall, a fantastic restaurant.  The prices are a bit steep, but I think most people would pay a bit extra to support local and regional farmers.  I would even pay extra just to give my taste buds a flip upside down, and Passion8 Bistro did that for me!
4	Very nice place.  Fine food.  Great service.  Try the mussels appetizer and the scallops entree.  This restaurant tries their best to locally source organic food, so it's beyond simply being fresh.    I don't live in the area, but if I did I would make this a regular place.  Go there.
5	Some of the best food I've had in Charlotte! Passion8 provides a unique twist on local ingredients and the result has always been delicious. I am usually that person who wants sauce on the side, or something along those lines, but I trust the Chef at Passion8 and always order the food as it is prepared/recommended. This is my go-to spot for special birthdays/anniversaries/celebration dinners with my husband.
4	The food was very good here!  I don't think I've had such a good meal in a long time.  The restaurant is very quaint and has different touches of different cultures all around.  The servers, once they got over the shock and the mortification of serving two people who don't drink wine with dinner, were very nice and accommodating.  I'd highly recommend it.Here's the two things that prevented me from giving this restaurant 5 stars. One thing, it's a little pretentious.  This is not a casual eating establishment.  I'm not the sort of person who enjoys wearing uncomfortable dress clothes to enjoy my meal, so that doesn't work for me.  Also, I was very serious about the shock of the lack of wine consumption.  The citrus water was very nice, but I just don't like wine.  Felt like I was committing a crime by NOT drinking it.  A couple more non-alcoholic choices are desperately needed here.  Second, it's a little pricey, even for a "local" establishment.  Yes, it's very admirable that all the ingredients come from local farms or from "local" fishermen, but honestly, unless you drove from the farm with my baby turnips cradled in a bowl of gold in your lap, the meal you served was NOT worth almost thirty dollars.  It might have been had we not had to stop at a convenience store on the way home to get something to snack on because the meal was a grand total of three ounces of meat, veggies and sauce.  It was a good three ounces and I wasn't expecting the "super-sized" dishes of most restaurants, but come on!  If you want a meal that will impress I can highly recommend this Bistro.  If you're HUNGRY, might want to save your wallet a world of hurt and leave your Sunday best in the closet.  It sounds like I don't like the restaurant, but I do.  I'm just trying to lay all the card out on the table for anyone who might be interested in eating here.
4	I had the pleasure of visiting Passion8 Bistro on Valentine's Day.The restaurant was packed, but we had an amazing experience. My wife and I ordered a few different options (from the set menu) and managed to sample everything.The food was good, but a bit fancy for our taste (hence the 4 starts).
5	I've been here probably 10 times since they've opened.  I can't remember taking anyone here that didn't love the food!  It's very compact inside, but still a good place for a meeting or date as the noise level doesn't prevent conversation.  They always have interesting drink, an ever-changing menu, and excellent staff.
5	This place is awesome. The style of cooking is unique and the execution is very beautiful. The portions are perfect and everything we tried was just amazing. Although they are not far from Charlotte I'm excited that they are relocating to Elizabeth. Everyone needs to experience this place. Make a reservation before you head over. The place is quite small. I also agree with one of the reviewers about the cocktails. Not impressive at all, but that doesn't taint the overall experience. The service was also better than most places.
5	While my expectations were by no means low, Passion8 did a fantastic job of surpassing all of them. From the pleasant (and prompt!) greeting walking into the door, to the visit from the Chef de Cuisine Evan Micek (Chef Luca being away managing details for their new location that evening) at the end of the meal, the staff maintained the perfect level of hospitality and attentiveness all evening.The food definitely demonstrated why Passion8 is constantly on all sorts of "Best of Charlotte" lists. My wife and I each selected the 4 course tasting (with 4 different options each, to try as much as possible off the menu). While I could go into detail on each of 8 course, one of my favorite elements was their uses of "foams." Foams, to me at least, have been widely overused since the molecular gastronomy movement began, simply for the sake of "adding a foam" to a dish. Chef Luca and his staff however, managed to incorporate them into a number of dishes in ways that actually elevated the dish, not just garnished them. The use of a bacon foam on the foie gras added a pleasant smoke note that would have otherwise been nearly impossible without overcooking the protein. And my wife (who does not actually drink champagne) was shocked at how well the champagne foam complimented her clams. The appropriate use of a "trendy" technique is something that is lost on many restaurants, but Passion8 demonstrated why knowledge, talent, and attention to detail are necessary for food to truly stand out.
5	Love the new place in Elizabeth! The food exceeded our expectations! While every course was delicious, the short rib entree was the best we've ever had!! The demi-glace was so rich in flavor & the short ribs were fall off the bone tender. The service was also excellent. For a restaurant to deliver this level of quality in its 2nd week of operation is quite impressive. Keep up the good work :)
