5	This is the only "Waffle Cafe" that I know of in Vegas but this place just opened and it's awesome. They have so much crazy stuff to choose from when it comes to waffles, if you want it on a waffle and they'll probably do it for you. They have waffle pizza, sandwiches and weirder. I stick to the norm. A waffle with some strawberries and bananas is bomb. (side note, the fruit is fresh and not that mushy stuff other restaurants will give you) They have coffee and teas and they have eggs, bacon, and sausage to go with your breakfast too. I definitely recommend supporting this small business, I would like to see them do well. The people I always see working are super friendly and the prices are cheap.
5	Yes! I have been in Vegas for years and by now I am almost afraid to try new places but  today is a new day!  WaffleS Cafe is phenomenal, great prices, very cool people and delicious.  I work at a great bakery and am blown away at how good these waffles are...  I wish I would have taken a picture of my order but it was gone in a matter of minutes.This is seriously the YogurtLand of breakfast places!  They are open 6:30am to 10:30pm, who knew just blocks from my house I could be enjoying waffles 16 hours a day.Seriously, really good.
5	THE ORDER Waffle sandwhich - the 1 & only Chocolate waffle w apple topping & vanilla ice cream YIIIIPPPEEEE Waffle sandwhich - luv it         - savory waffle who has heard of such a thing         - w fresh guac, lots of bacon, & yummy melty cheese Chocolate waffle         - waffle wonderful crunchy texture This place really cares about their customers & takes pride in their product        - not being familiar w the area i kept getting lost. After 2 phone calls to         them they patiently guided me to their location & i really appreciated         that.BOOOO This is a fabulouse idea we sooooo need 1 in Los Angeles
5	This place is awesome!!  Jeff and his girlfriend are great.  The food is very fresh and healthy.  I recommend that everyone try it.  If you like waffles you will love this place.  Please support them as they are a small business.  The customer service is the best I have found in a long time, and the food is fresh, clean and well presented.  Presentation, quality of food, and customer service is the motto here, and they live up to it.  If I could have I would have given them 6 stars.
5	This place was great!!!I decided yesterday that I was going to go here for a proper Sunday brunch, since I have not done that since I moved to Vegas a few weeks ago.  Walked in and was immediately greeted with a "good morning!" from the girl at the counter.She was super sweet and patient with me as I surveyed the menu forever.  I ended up getting the breakfast special, which was a waffle, an egg, a sausage (you can also get bacon) and coffee for only $5!The coffee was great, and so was the egg and sausage.  But the best part, by FAR, was the waffle.  It was so light and airy, with a crisp outside and soft airy inside (have I mentioned yet that it was airy?) and great taste!  Not too sweet, just right.  I just put butter on it as I don't really like syrup and it was excellent.  Next time I will get one with toppings, although I wanted savory toppings and the only ones on their menu were sweet, so I'm not sure what I missed there.  This was the regular waffle but they also have chocolate, pumpkin and... something else - sorry!  I definitely want to try the pumpkin.Overall great food, great service, cheap prices... I will be back!!!!!!!!
5	It was delicious, variety of toppings to choose from. Small place, but well worth it.
4	I like trying new places, particularly those in sad little strip malls that I fear are going to go tits up in this economy.  When I went to Waffles Cafe I thought I would be doing them some kind of charity - nay!  There were so many people at the cafe that it was standing room only for awhile.  That's okay because the walls are so brightly painted that you can't help but feel happy and okay with waiting around for your waffle.  The place is so tiny and overcrowded which is one reason they didn't get 5 stars, but the reason for the popularity is because of the great grub!  My first thought was that they didn't have enough food on the menu with protein because I was in the mood for a good egg dish (duh!  then why did I go to a place descriptively named 'waffles'?!), but then I got a load of the Waffle Sandwich.  This baby is, again, descriptively named.  Instead of bread, they make this sandwich with waffles that are sweet and syrupy, but with savory fillings.  I had ham and bacon with avocado and tomato inside of my sweet waffle bread.  It was nothing if not freakin' delicious!  Messy, but delicious.  Next time, and there will be a next time, I will try the tuna waffle sandwich.  It does sound disgusting, but I am strangely attracted...  stay tuned.  My only complaints were the very uncomfortable and cheap seats and tables and the lack of space, but otherwise a lovely breakfast.
4	Pretty good and pretty cute!
4	very good waffles! the menu is huge and everything is on a waffle, from pecans to ham its all on a waffle! a little pr icy but very creative!
5	If I had to choose a place to take my stoner friends...this would be it!!  The waffle sandwiches are awesome as are the crazy combos of toppings you can choose from.  My only concern would be that a few of my buds would be standing in front of the register looking at the menu for hours on end trying to decide.  Waffle pizza?  I might give it a go next time.  Jeff, the owner, talked about waffle tacos.  How about a deep fried waffle, Jeff?
3	Cute place, I was in the mood for something savory so I got a turkey waffle sandwich.  It comes with tomato, lettuce, avocado, cheese and sauce.  I should've asked what the sauce was before I got it, it was like a sweetened Italian dressing goo, but the waffle instead of bread is a neat concept.  The green iced tea was very grassy and delicious.  It is far away from my side of town so I wouldn't rush back here, but I am sure the sweeter waffles are fun.  I guess I can agree with another yelper that the chairs aren't that comfy but it is a casual place.
5	WOW!  Ever had a waffle sandwich before?  Me neither, until I ate the exquisitely tasty Waffle Sandwich at WaffleS Cafe.  Ham, bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and this special sauce will make your mouth water.  Going back for lunch for the second day in a row!
4	Saw the reviews before leaving for my Vegas trip and decided to try it out myself. I personally am a huge FAN of WAFFLES. I mean come on, who doesn't love a good waffle? :]The menu is really simple and not overwhelming like most other places.You can either A) choose your type of waffle and your favorite toppings and sides. B) order a waffle sandwich (DELICIOUS) with your choice of tuna, ham & bacon, chicken, or turkey. C) waffle pizza!! I ordered the Turkey Waffle Sandwich and OMG!! The waffle tasted like any other waffle but the idea of it in sandwich form was on another level. The sauce that they put in the sandwich made it even yummier as well. It's not really mayonnaise, but it's a sweet clear sauce that brought everything in the sandwich together.If you are in the area definitely check it out.
5	I was in Summerlin running errands (a rare occurance for me!) and logged onto mobile yelp to find a restaurant. Waffles popped up and I'm so glad it did! First off, it's family owned and the people working there are all very sweet and caring. It was dinner time, but that didn't stop us from wanting waffles- why can't waffles be a dinner food too? We tried the waffle hawaiian pizza, the breakfast sandwich, and a waffle with chocolate chips, caramel and whipped cream. The pizza was so cute and creative. They bake it in the oven so the cheese gets nice and melty. I really loved it. Fiance seemed to love his sandwich and the dessert waffle was awesome. I liked that they had some flavored batters (pumpkin, chocolate, flax-soy). However, I wish they could put some toppings IN the batter. Like say bacon in the batter or chocolate chips in the batter, etc. I think that would greatly improve things!Prices were relatively reasonable for what it is! I wish it wasn't so freaking far away - I never go to Summerlin.
5	YES YES YES! I love this place. We went here on our way to Red Rock Canyon and it was perfect place to go for a quick, cheap breakfast. When I first walked in, it reminded me of a Chinese take out place. The walls are bright orange and everyone is especially smiley and friendly. You order at the counter and then they bring everything to you. The employee at the counter was really helpful and didn't mind answering our questions and suggesting meals that we each might like (which, by the way, he did a very good job of because the food was amazing.) I ordered the waffle sandwich- turkey, lettuce, bacon, avocado, tomato, special sauce...YUM. My dad got the strawberry waffles, my mom ordered the waffle breakfast sandwich, and my brother ordered waffle pie or something. The place is innovative, clean and the kind of place you feel good supporting. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely going back.
4	I'm a hard reviewer when it comes to 5 stars, but this place comes close. The waffles themselves are delicious, nice and lightly crispy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside. I could eat a waffle by itself. The toppings are good and fresh, it's just that to get what you want on the waffle, the price will pile up high very quickly. If you order their personal favorites (two of them), you'll save more money.BUT LET ME TELL YOU THE GEM OF THIS PLACE-- THE WAFFLE SANDWICH. I've only had the tuna waffle sandwich but it changed my life. It's a large waffle folded in half stuffed with tuna, fresh greens, and a questionable clear and delicious sauce (sweet) that goes really well with the sandwich. Comes with a side of ridged potato chips and runs around 6.55 a sandwich. All in all, not bad.If you're in a hurry though, CALL AHEAD and pick up your food because it does take a while to make and my mom and I were growing restless on their uncomfortable but trendy dining chairs.The inside is really nicely decorated with bright oranges and lime greens. I felt like I had died and been reincarnated as a citrus fruit.
4	My husband and I were planning to go to IHOP for breakfast and, out of the corner of my eye, I spot a cute sign that read "Waffles Cafe."  We quickly changed our plan and we're so glad we did.When we walked inside the tiny restaurant, we were greeted warmly.  Since we were first time customers, they explained everything they had on the menu and stressed that we can customize our waffles any way we wanted.  Hawaiian pizza waffles?  BBQ sandwich waffles?  I got the Breakfast Special (waffle + egg + bacon + coffee) all for $4.99!  I did add some additional toppings (strawberries and chocolate syrup for about 50 cents each. The waffles come with whipped cream and powdered sugar for free. Still came out to a great deal.Christian got the Breakfast sandwich (waffles, egg, ham, bacon, cheese, and a sweet sauce.)  Also a great deal for $5.99.I can't help but sing the Journey song in my head... Any way you want it.  That's the way you need it.  Any way you want it."  And that's exactly what you get at Waffles Cafe.  Any way you want your waffles, they'll do it!
4	Thank you Phil and Blair for reviewing this place or I would have never known about it. On my way to Red Rock Casino, the hubby and I decided to visit this place. All I can say is the waffle sandwiches are the BEST!! I ordered Yooni's favorite- strawberry, banana, ice cream, whipped cream and chocolate sauce and the hubby got the ham and bacon waffle sandwich.  I liked mine but I kept drooling over the waffle sandwich that my hubby ordered. The sandwich is so savory and so different with the waffle that my taste buds were confused and delighted with the pairing. sooo yummy. The waffle sandwich was a five star general compared to the yooni's favorite. Next time, and there will be a next time, I will order the sandwich. I also hear that the tuna is one of the best sandwiches they offer. Seems like a weird pairing, but I'm sure that the off beat pairing will also be a winner.
5	Their ham and bacon sandwich didn't disappoint. It was delicious and different. The waffle wasn't soggy at all. Just light and crispy and a little chewy. The pumpkin waffles with whipped cream were great also. The prices are very reasonable -- $5.99 for a sandwich. I might have to go back tomorrow to try their fruit sandwich or waffle pizza.
5	I drove from long beach to Vegas, about a 4-5 hour drive. By the time we got to my cousins house it was about 530am. Thought when we got there we would knock out and get up in a couple hours for breakfast. But noooo my cousin decided to take us out for breakfast already, i was soo tired and looked gross from the drive. We were gonna go to ihop, but i suggested that we go to Wafffles Cafe, b/c ive never gone there yet. Luckily they opened at 7am, b/c we were waiting in the car at 630 am, even before the owners came to open up shop. I gotta tell you it was worth the wait. The owners were very friendly and helpful. I just got basic topping on my waffles which were nutella, strawberries, and whip cream, YUM! My favorite one would have to be the ham and bacon sandwich, topped it off with some syrup, explosion in my mouth. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water! Can't wait to go back and take another bite!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!! Hand's down my favorite waffle place by far! And the customer service is great! jeff actually let me take a picture of him with his favorite waffle!
5	My boyfriend and I were yelping Breakfast places and came across this place and decided to give it a try. The pictures and menu options sold us Lol. We are sooooo glad we found this place! Service was excellent by a guy named Jeff who recommended to try the Waffle Sandwich. We got the Ham & Bacon...mmmm best waffle sandwich we've ever had! We also had Yooni's Favorite which was strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, ice cream, and chocolate sauce all on top of a warm, soft, crispy on the outside waffle. Their waffles were a perfect texture and wasn't soggy at all. Everything was delicious, we will definitely come back to this place when we come to Vegas again.
5	Egg, bacon, & ham waffle sandwhich... nuff said!
4	A little out of the way from the strip, but it was nice to have a breakfast that wasn't expensive hotel food one day.  The place is cute and the people are very nice. The waffles are a bit different then what I am used to, kind of crispy outside and soft inside, my family was impressed that there was real fruit on them rather than sometype of fruity-mixed-topping. Go for the organic flax waffle it was better than the regular!!
4	BANG FOR THE BUCK MEETS CREATIVE FUN!I totally love WaffleS Cafe and would give it 4.5 stars if I could. It's not a five star restaurant, but what it is is a great place to go for a fast, well cooked breakfast meal.WaffleS Cafe is where "Bang for the Buck" meets "Creative Fun!" The BREAKFAST SPECIAL is a full-sized waffle, two eggs to order, bacon or sausage, and coffee is included. (7-11am) All that for $4.99. The coffee included really makes a difference as it'll run you about $2 at most breakfast locations. Additionally, they give it to you in sturdy to-go cups so you can take a cup of coffee with you. Nice!But the real fun part is you can create the waffles any way you want, and there are a LOT of ingredients to choose from. The fruit toppings run the full range. Along with the standards (including FRESH strawberries) are pineapple and kiwi. Other toppings include peanutbutter, sprinkles, ice cream(!), and a selection of nuts. But there's many, many more toppings and you can mix and match them any way you want. The pricing of the toppings is very fair so you can get several and still be way under the normal breakfast price.A cool concept is they do some odd toppings as well. For example, they have several pizza waffles (including a supreme). They also have lunch meats for waffle sandwiches. I haven't had them, but the quality of everything that we've had so far has been very good so I suspect it would be the same on these interesting choices.Jeff and Yooni run the place and I suspect they own it, too. They are always there and you can tell they really want to do a good job. It's awesome seeing them put their heart into the business and it makes me happier to support their effort.The atmosphere is basic but clean and not too crowded. You won't wait for a table and we get our food rather quickly.Oh, and they do have smoothies and serve boba (a Vietnamese drink that is sweet like a melted smoothie but has very large tapioca balls in the bottom. Kids love them!)If you're in the West-Southwest (Ft. Apache just south of Trop) and are looking for something different, fun, CHEAP, yummy, and no wait, I'd check this place out. It's a good one to have in your hip pocket.
3	Located in a small store front in a strip mall. If you are looking for a full service breakfast restaurant this isn't it. Customers place their order at the counter and your food is brought to you. Coffee is just ok, waffles are crisp and full of flavor. At $4.95 for a waffle, eggs, bacon or sausage and a cup of coffee -I'm not sure how they are making money. Food is served on paper plates with plastic ware. Service was good, but my search continues for the best non-casino breakfast in Las Vegas.
5	One of the best things about going to Sin City without Vegas Newbies or HUGE ass groups is that you get to avoid the all-the-MEH-you-can-eat buffets and adventure out to more creative, tasty and less expensive fare!  The pizza waffle from WaffleS Cafe was no exception:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JNyho2P0jSk-0T30T3A0OQ?select=8gNT74-_D3AFK8dCHqC2igThe uniquely light, crispy & delicate pastry made this savory item the best one our table ordered.  Sure, the sweeter selections were exquisite as well, but where else can you order an amazing Pizza Waffle?  I just had to get this one!  Curious?  Here's a high-res scan of their take out menu: Page 1: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JNyho2P0jSk-0T30T3A0OQ?select=R8y_lc6larrZ0mh-VfALVwPage 2:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/JNyho2P0jSk-0T30T3A0OQ?select=UIKBrMAed207CTM2xZuCnASo the next time you're in town, I suggest you pass up the buffets, go for a 10 minutes drive away from the strip and have some of the best waffles you'll ever have ... no seriously!
4	Pretty awesome waffle sandwiches. The gf and I were hungry and found this place on Yelp. Read the fantastic reviews about their waffle breakfast sandwiches and decided to make the 20 minute detour from our trip back home to LA. Man, was it worth it. Totally recommend this place for any out of towners who need a quick snack for the long ride home.Staff was very attentive and the place filled up quickly by 11am. Will definitely go back next time we hit up the strip.
4	Cute concept. Great breakfast spot for locals. Not worth a taxi ride if you are a tourist. However, if you have a car and want a cheap meal, check it out. Food: The waffle was one of the best that I've ever had! Crispy on the outside, airy inside. However, the bacon was the worst. It was dried out, looked old, and tasted funny. Price: $4.99 Breakfast special before 11:00am includes waffle, eggs, meat, and coffee. Great deal! Atmosphere: Very clean and contemporary. Service: Everyone was very nice and pleasant. I actually got there a little after 11am and they still allowed me to get the special. You can tell that the people that work there are the actually owners and are vested in making it the best that it can be.
5	If Yelp told me to jump off a bridge would I do it? Hum? I guess if the bungee jumping company was highly recommended! Ha Ha!Once again, yelp has led me to another terrific place: Waffles Cafe!!We have come here twice now and loved the whole thing! The place is clean, the staff are friendly and honest, the food is yummy, the concept is unique, and it's family owned (got to support that, love that!!).
4	Thanks yelp for this find! This place has some outstanding waffles which you can get in breakfast combos, or sandwiches, or however you like.  Stop on by here when you get tired of the Vegas buffets and want something a llttle different.
4	We came all the way from NY... me and a buncha friends went to LV... we were lookin for a place for breakfast... then i saw the review for this place.. it looks pretty good... we first assume that it gotta be a diner or something... but it is really not... at first, we were worried about the quality of the food... cuz the location and size... we decided to give it a try... it is actually not bad... it is fairly tasty... i had a tuna waffle sandwich... i personally would like have it again if i have a chance... the sauce ( the clear stuff) taste pretty good... i dunno what that is... but it was good...
4	We each ordered a waffle topped with fresh strawberries, real whipped cream and syrup. When I saw the size of them I thought neither of us would finish, but these turned out to be very light and delicious so no doggy bag was required.  We talked to one of the co-owners and learned a second restaurant in Summerlin would be opening the following. She was very sweet and after I mentioned driving cross town she made us a strawberry and banana smoothie with boba for us to enjoy on our way back.
2	We went on a Saturday morning after a night of libations and we were in the mood for something to soak up some alcohol. I remembered reading Yelp reviews about this place and decided to check it out. I thought the concept of a breakfast sandwich or any sandwich at all on a waffle sounded pretty cool. I guess I caught them on a bad day because I came away not impressed. They were understaffed but nevertheless, how long can it take to make a waffle? Well, on this day it took about an half hour to crank out one gentleman's order to dine in no less. Our order took about the same so we were plenty hungry by time we got home. Low and behold, we had to assemble our own sandwich! After reheating everything and then putting it together, it actually wasn't bad but way too much effort for the price. Most importantly though my kids didn't care for it at all. Sorry WaffleS.
4	The place to be to get Belgian Waffles in Vegas. Been here numerous times, but finally got around to writing a review for this place.Food:Waffles, Waffles, Waffles. Waffles with strawberries. Waffles with blueberries. Waffles pizza. Waffles with ice cream. They would do waffles boba drink if it was delicious. I think you get the idea. I stick to the original waffles, I'm a purist of taste. The Belgian waffles are just delicious, but really need some ingredients like nuts and berries to really bring out the flavor. I recommend adding some topping. The Waffle Pizza is interesting. I tried the pepperoni waffle pizza. I wouldn't say its bad, but I wouldn't order it again. It certainly is unique. I wish the waffle wasn't so soft, would have tasted a lot better had it been a little crunchy or harder. Sadly, anything that isn't a waffle is meh. Personally I would avoid the $5 breakfast special: waffle, eggs, bacon or sausage, and coffee (before 11am). Eggs were mediocre and bacon was too crispy for my taste. Service:The staff are really friendly and helpful. Jeff (the owner?) is really friendly and nice. However, service could be faster. On average, I would say it takes 10 minutes to make your waffle from the time of ordering, IF you're the only one there. This place is usually pack so wait time could easily go 20 - 30 minutes. I highly recommend calling your order in right before you leave for this place.Price:Base price for the waffle is $3.75 which isn't that bad. But here is the clever up selling technique. Pricing the ingredients relatively cheap, under $1. You go a little crazy on ingredients and you're waffle easily goes over $6. Really brilliant on the business end. While the $5 breakfast is a good value, it just doesn't work for me. I rather just spend it on the ingredients and make 1 really good waffle.Summary:Anything that isn't the traditional waffle just doesn't really work for me. Stick to the traditional waffles and go topping crazy, and you won't be disappointed.
3	So you won't believe how I ended up here. Somehow I had it in my head that the Wild Wild West was the hidden gem of Vegas buffets. Well, when Jamie W. and I drove there, we discovered that it was a tired motel filled with frog-voiced smokers next to a Denny's. Surely my mind was playing tricks on me. As I realized much later, it was Sam's Town I was looking for, but regardless, we were jonesing for breakfast. Thanks to the trusty Yelp app on my iPhone, we zeroed in on WaffleS Cafe. Surprise, surprise...it's in a strip mall just like almost every non-Strip eatery in town. It really looks like a smoothie shop since I couldn't tell if they even had a kitchen. The overhead menu would have you believe it's a virtual waffle-palooza in there. Perhaps but I didn't hear the sound of a griddle or the plop of the batter, which made me think the waffles are made elsewhere and heated up in the back. It was just too quiet in there. Anyhow, both of us went for the $5.49 Breakfast Special - which consisted of a large, round waffle; a couple of eggs; bacon or sausage; and a cup of coffee. I ordered the pumpkin waffle and had blueberries and whipped cream placed on top. It was good, and the meaty sausage and scrambled eggs helped a lot. Jamie showed greater forbearance and had his pumpkin waffle plain with a pat of butter, but he weakened and went for the bacon. All in all, it didn't feel substantive enough to be the breakfast we desired, but it did tie us over until the dogs we had at Pink's for lunch. Not because of the server, who was quite nice and cheery, but I doubt if I'll be back simply because it is slipping from my memory as I write this. FOOD - 3 stars...nice large Belgian-style waffles but the oomph factor seemed missing AMBIANCE - 3 stars...surely they sell Jamba Juice here, don't they? SERVICE - 4 stars...peppy and responsive TOTAL - 3 stars...just not quite memorable enough for me to return for a waffle
4	I always only get the Breakfast Special -of which saw a little pice increment :( So you get your waffle with bacon and/or sausage (your choice) and egg & an everflow of coffee which I don't drink. I usually get my waffles with banana and nutella with powdered sugar and whipped cream: DON'T JUDGE. It's really delicious. The waffles' are usually crispy and I like the way it's made. The people there are nice. I go there almost every other day (wished I was exaggerating) because it's so close to home and I love waffles. Plus, I shamelessly admit to the joy I get when Jeff (one of the owners) say Hi Sarah! It's like frequent flyer pass vip at a Waffles joint, which I really shouldn't be too proud about. They have this waffles reward card where you get stamped for every $5.00 (i think) you spent & for as much as I go there for, it has actually saved me some dough. I have had 2 bad experiences here where they completely forgot my order and I was peeved. They gave me a $5.00 voucher, and then another time when they just took too long. Sometimes I wished they had more staff to help make the waffles or something but then when you go in there in the odd hours of the day like 3.30pm to get brunch/linner, it's completely dead. But I still go back because I honestly rather go here than IHOP.Go try it!
4	Just trust me on this one. Go for the breakfast waffle sandwich.The menu has got waffle sandwiches that are a mix of savory and sweet along with fruit and dessert type toppings.I'm looking forward to getting one covered in nutella with some strawberries and bananas :)The space is a little small but pretty cute. Pretty cool that there's a little place like this in Vegas.
4	Great light waffles on the breakfast special.Nice friendly serviceCheap. Very, very casual seating with small tables. Not the best for large families bigger than 4.
4	Thank you, Yelpers for this recommendation. Downtown Vegas was not fulfilling my craving for fresh waffles, but this was perfect since we were on our way to Red Rock and back to LA. We had the waffle breakfast sandwich and the waffle breakfast bowl. Both were really good! Not sure what the sweet sauce was (not maple syrup), but it was just right! Salty potato chips served on the side- I wasn't into that for breakfast. Not sure if there are usually two people working, but you can tell it's a small business and they work hard to make this place full of quality and definitely unique! I wanted to try everything on the menu, especially all the fruit and ice cream waffles!
5	This cute little place is amazing. I took my gf there for date night after we played mini golf down the street and we weren't sure what to expect. When we walked in, we were greeted warmly and decided to split a sandwich item and a dessert item. We ordered the turkey waffle sandwich with bacon and it came sandwiched between a nice delicious crispy, but light, waffle and some type of light sauce with avocao,e lettuce, and tomato. AAHHMAAYYYYZING!!! Seriously. Delicious and impressive. At this time we also ordered a mango boba tea smoothie which was the best I've had in Vegas, even better than tea station in china town!Next...we ordered Jeff's favorite...which was a pumpkin waffle with apple pie filling, Carmel sauce, vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. We added white chocolate chips. Tasted like heaven. That's all i have to say. If you have a sweet tooth and you enjoy waffles, check this place out. The two people working there are awesome. The food is amazing and he vibe is mellow. Highly recommended!!!
3	The people that work there are soooooooooooo nice and helpful!  The waffles were decent but I would not go out of my way to get there.  Seemed like they have a lot of regulars though.  I did not like the fact that they do not have any fountain soda.
4	Cute place, orange walls, and slow jams in the background. What more can you ask for? As the name implies, it serves waffles in every way imaginable; waffle sandwiches, waffle pizzas, flaxseed waffles, you name it. What I love about this place is that you get to choose the type of waffle and toppings you would like. I've been here twice and my fave is the original waffle with strawberries, nutella, whipped cream, and powdered sugar. The flaxseed waffle is also good for all you healthy folks. They also have a breakfast special which is $5.49 for a waffle, bacon or sausage, eggs, and bottomless coffee. It's a great deal and the waffle is big. I did try the waffle sandwich which had ham, eggs, and bacon and some sort of sweet mystery sauce inside. To be honest, waffles taste good with about anything. The staff is very friendly and the place is small and intimate. So if you're craving waffles, keep this place in mind!P.S. Get a waffles stamp card
4	Packed on weekend mornings, but always friendly fast service. Great tasting breakfast special with coffee for 5.49.This place is small so seating can be an issue at busy times.My only gripe is the floor looks like it needs a good scrubbing.
4	A strong 4 stars and I'm going to agree with Misti Y on this one. They get a bonus star for devotion (and creativity in my world). The food experience overall is satisfying with delicious waffles and a filling smoothie. I dug into the breakfast sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed myself. However, as Misti also mentioned the price seems a bit high for what you are getting. Also, I dunno about you but I usually don't eat potato chips with a breakfast sandwich. They should add hash browns or even tater tots (haven't had those in forever) to their menu as a side item.Cute, fun place that I will most likely return to on my next waffle craving.
4	Carbs are my best friend. This cafe is a wonderful idea, owned by a Korean couple they offer everything you imaginable wedged in between a waffle. Waffle pizza, waffle sandwich... I didn't get to try those just yet.. I had the pumpkin waffle with bananas, whip cream, and nuts. It was delicious. The waffle was cooked a tad bit too much, but I hold no grudges. Great place for a meal any time of the day. The menu is fun and varied...I bet they will concoct any combination if you just ask. That's 4 stars in my eyes.
4	Discovered this place from fellow yelpers, and decided to give it a try after a "yelp roulette" with a hungry buddy of mine. The joint isn't too big, it's a nice little spot that's decorated very bright, colorful and has minimalistic flair. Reminds me of being in a frozen yogurt establisment.Greeted with a smile and welcoming faces, I gazed upon the black chalkboard menu. Waffles.. Waffles.. And.. A WAFFLE SANDWICH?! I ordered it without hesitation. It was very different, but in the very best way possible. A sandwich, comprised of two waffles with pieces of bacon cooked into them, with ham, lettuce and tomatoes wedged between the starchy goodness. There was a dressing that I can't recall what it was, but it had a sweet flavor. The sandwich definetely works. Textures are great, flavors of the bacon-infused waffle really stand out along with the sandwiches internals. It came with a pickle slice and some chips.I haven't been back since that first visit, and I really should to try out the traditional waffle dishes.
4	Yummmmmy!!! We split the original style waffle with vanilla ice cream, strawberries, whipped cream and chocolate sauce! Writing this makes me want another!!! Really, really good and I'd definitely recommend giving them a shot for a fun dessert, haven't tried anything else yet.
5	Wow, I was pretty amazed!!! I wasn't craving waffles or any breakfast items when I went there; and I was all kinds of starving so, I was kinda apprehensive about eating there to begin with.......what can I say, "I'm a bitch when I'm starving."I ordered the tuna waffle sammich lunch special which came with crinkle chips and a drink which was reasonably $7.It was sweet from the waffle and salty with the chips...I was in awe...SWEET AND SAVORY! Oddly enough, I actually, finished the whole thing and was completely satisfied....totally forgot that I wanted anything BUT a breakfast meal :pA MUST SAMPS!!!
4	2nd trip - this time had a lunch sandwich. I ordered the ham & bacon waffle sandwich with lettuce, cheese and sauce. Really enjoyed the sandwich. My mom loved her chicken sandwich as well. Still a bit sad they don't have various choices for sides besides chips. But overall still a delicious sandwich. The "sauce" they used which they told me is mayo based is fantastic. I wish they would sell just the sauce too.
5	This plains never fails to leave me COMPLETELY satisfied.Service is ALWAYS fast and friendlyStore is ALWAYS cleanFood is ALWAYS freakin' awesome and deliciousI'm forever in love with Yooni's favorite, it's what I got the first time I ever went and it's what I still get today. My brother loves the sandwiches, especially the turkey and breakfast.I honestly believe that there is nothing on the menu that we won't love.I LOVE this place, it's a MUST everytime I visit home.
4	Had the waffle with vanilla ice cream, strawberries, bananas and chocolate syrup... only reason it's knocked down to a 4 star is the girl cheaped out on us and we didn't even get a full scoop of ice cream. We ordered to go so we didn't notice until we got home... we'll still be going back in the future.
4	3rd trip here and I'm still loving it. Had the breakfast sandwich again and it was awesome. Waffles are perfect and the service is great. Wish I could bump this up to 5 stars but they really need more sides besides potato chips.
5	The best Waffle I have EVER HAD...PERIOD. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. They have everything from great strawberry breakfast waffles, to PIZZA waffles ! I got the breakfast special, a strawberry waffle, with 2 scrambled eggs and sausage(or bacon) and a coffee for $5.99. It was probably the best 5.99 I have ever spent for breakfast.We met a couple different locals @ there who shared stories about the area( We where on vacation from boston) and gave us some great spots to check out in the area. If you are visiting Vegas, DEFINITELY check this place out !
5	Love, love, love this place. Waffles and boba tea are two of my favorite things, such a treat to have them together. My usual is the plain waffle with strawberries and walnuts and milk tea with lychee flavor and boba. Best waffles around!
4	I stopped here by complete chance. After picking up a few things at the Walmart across the street, I decided to look for something nearby to grab a bite to eat. I saw the WaffleS Cafe and kept going. Nothing else caught my interest so I doubled back and decided to give it a try. I got the $5.49 special - one waffle, one egg and bacon. The bacon was crispy and all the wet grease had been dried off it (maybe it was microwaved), and it was good. The waffle was crisp on the outside and light on the inside. It blew away the much pricier Hash House A Go Go. The place has a small town diner feel - with very friendly staff.
4	This place is great for what it is.From the moment we walked in this is what happened:1.  Everyone one that worked there said hi!  Even from the depths of the kitcken.2.  The gentleman at the counter said "New customers... I thought so... Let me talk to you about your options for breakfast..."  Stoked on that.3.  We ordered the basic breakfast combo $5.49!!!  Great price!4.  When we tried to sit down, some snooty customers said "that's our table!" as they were in line behind us... Not the restaurants fault.5.  We found a different table on the other side of the 15 foot wide dining area.6.  They brought our food out on paper plates... Wafle with peanut butter on one plate... Egg and sausage on the other...  Paper plates a little weird... Considering the environment...7.  The food was awesome!  Most importantly... Especially for the price!8.  As we were leaving everyone said good bye!  Is this place for real?9.  Can't wait to go back without the bitchy customers!Notes on food:Waffles... Perfectly crip, lots of options.  Waffle egg sandwhich looked awesome, but didn't try it.  Good vibes!... For the most part!
5	the yummiest waffles I've ever had and the best deal for your money (breakfast with eggs, waffle, bacon and coffee for $5)
4	Waffles Cafe would fall somewhere between a 3 - 4 star rating depending on how much you like Waffles. I on the other hand love waffles and the idea of a Waffle Breakfast Sandwich sold me.A perfect waffle should be soft on the inside and slighty crispy on the outside. WC executed this quite well and I was impressed. Waffle Breakfast Sandwich comes with eggs, bacon, ham, and a secret sauce. I was quite skeptical about the secret sauce, a little hard to described, but it was lightly sweet and creamy at the same time. Everything went well together and the portion here was reasonable for $5.99...Pay an extra 50cent and you will get a soda and chips with your breakfast sandwich (Special). The only thing I would change about the breakfast sandwich here was the bacon. I wish the bacon was a little crispier and more well done. http://www.flickr.com/photos/52387693@N08/4875590875/---4 / 5 StarsMy girlfriend ordered the Waffle Combo w/ an egg and bacon (on the side). The Waffle itself wasn't expensive, but adding her following toppings: Nutella, Strawberries, Banana, and Whip Cream made things a little pricier.http://www.flickr.com/photos/52387693@N08/4875590609/---4 / 5 Stars
4	Waffles Cafe promises you one thing: a cafe that serves waffles.  And it is quite the colorful cafe!  Bright yellow walls with white tables and chairs make for a cheery environment.  The menu is also made up of several chalkboards, with the whole menu handwritten in different colors!  It's a nice touch that makes me feel a little bit happier just walking into the place.  It also doesn't hurt that Jeff is always very hospitable and loves helping you decide on how to craft your perfect waffle.If I'm up early in the morning and feeling like getting some good, quick breakfast, Waffles Cafe fulfills that feeling.  The one item that I've come to lean on is their Breakfast Special, which for under $6.00 gets you a plan waffle, eggs, bacon/sausage and unlimited coffee.  Yes, I've tried the waffle sandwiches, the waffle pizza's, the "dessert" waffles and all that, but I am perfectly fine with a plain waffle for breakfast.  The waffles are very good, and there is even a pumpkin batter option available.  The waffle sandwiches are exactly what they sound like; it's a sandwich that uses waffles instead of bread!  These tasty creations are waaay better than you would think, and the breakfast sandwich is deliciousness in a waffle (as opposed to on top off or beside).  Waffle pizzas are waffles with cheese and toppings on top.  Really, the waffles here are good enough where I don't mind replacing my bread or dough with them.  In addition to waffles they also serve boba drinks.  It's not the best I've had, but it'll do for when you have a craving for boba on this side of town.  Overall I've always been happy with the food and service, and will continue to come here.  Why the 4 stars?  If I'm looking to indulge...one waffle doesn't fill me up!  I've ordered a waffle sandwich and shared another waffle with a friend before and that was just right; add in a boba drink and you've crossed the $10 line, which is kinda pricey for breakfast.  (I did say that I was looking to indulge...)
3	The Skinny: the waffles are okay but nothing special - be careful about what you order though (3) Service: it's counter service but it's friendly (3) value: it's okay - not terribly expensive but not terribly cheap either when you factor in the cost of toppings.Ordered the breakfast special (original waffle, egg and sausage for $5.49) and the strawberry waffles x 2 (around $7-ish). To clarify, we expected the original waffle with fresh strawberries on top however it turned out to be strawberry-flavoured waffles.The eggs and sausage were a little on the bland side. The original waffle was satisfying crisp however lack sweetness. They are not belgian waffles that have that eggy/buttery/cookie goodness. You really need to drench those suckers in syrup.The strawberry waffles were sweeter than the original flavour however lack the appropriate texture - not quite as crisp and a little too cakey. Nor did the waffle retain any strawberry flavour at all.Overall, not a bad place to eat but not exceptional either. I would recommend coming in small groups due to the lack of seating in this small establishment.
4	This is a cute little unassuming restaurant in a complex that I have managed to ignore for the longest time. Seriously. I've been to the Wal-Mart and other stores across the road, but I think this is the first time I've ever gone to something on this side of the road.I ordered the Fruit Sandwich Waffle. It was very good and worth the price of admission. My cousin had a Chocolate Waffle with strawberries and chocolate sauce. Everything was good.Honestly, I'm not a big waffle fan. In fact, I usually only get them at hotels that have the waffle maker (because it's just fun!). In this case, I'm giving four stars for one simple and silly reason - from the moment I stepped in the door, I heard one Beatles song after another. They eventually played other music (and then more Beatles), but that alone makes me a fan. Well, that and their employees are uber-friendly. It would be a shame if they had great taste in music but were rude.
4	Loved this place! Great food. Great Service. Even better prices. At breakfast, I have a hard time deciding between a sweet or savory meal. French Toast or Hashbrowns? Waffles or Bacon & Eggs? Well, at Waffles I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich which satisfied both of my desires. Bacon & Eggs sandwiched between a Waffle with a sweet sauce to tie it all together.  It was DELICIOUS! I was completely satisfied when finished - probably because I got the best of both worlds!
4	This was a great breakfast stop! A little out of the way of the Vegas congestion, but perfect stop on our way out of town. I had a waffle sandwich, consisting of a waffle folded in half, stuffed with fresh fruit and whipped cream. My husband had a peanut butter nutella waffle. Both were fabulous.
4	My boyfriend and I visit this place for breakfast at least once a month. We usually get the breakfast special which includes a waffle, eggs, choice of bacon or sausage, and coffee or juice--all for $4.99 I believe. It's a good deal!There are so many different types of waffles that they have, and you can create your own. They have these dessert waffles that look sooo delicious. One day I'm going to go in just for dessert. They also serve boba drinks.Their staff is always friendly. The place is small, but clean and it definitely wakes you up with the vibrant wall color. Waffles Cafe is definitely a place to try out at least once and to keep on coming back for more.  =)
4	I was excited to try a new place for brunch because usually I have sunday brunches at home.  My fiance and I were greeted by Jeff, who is very friendly and helpful. He noticed it was our first time there and helped us choose our meals.  I ordered the breakfast sandwich and Chris ordered the breakfast special.  The menu is pretty easy to understand and there are pictures on the wall to help you as well.  The waffles were sooo good. I'm usually not a waffle person, but these ones were just right: buttery, a lil sweet, soft. I LOVE the breakfast sandwich, my bacon was just the right crispiness and cooked to my liking.  Chris enjoyed his meal and he snuck a couple bites of my sandwich.  The cafe was clean, the staff was fryiendly and best of all the food is good! Can't wait to try a dessert waffle, waffle pizza or the other waffle sandwiches!
5	Waffles... Why not?My sister introduced me to this wonderful little cafe that serves up waffles in any way imaginable. Waffles cafe is owned by Jeff and Yooni. They are always present and personable, and they get to know their customers.I love the fact that their waffle batter is their own and made on site. They have an all day breakfast special, lunch specials, and even boba drinks.My absolute favorite is the tuna sandwich. Tuna on a waffle in place of bread? Honestly, the idea of it scared me a little, but after one bite, I almost punched myself for not being more willing in the beginning. Their tuna is mixed there and the sauce they drizzle on the tuna really makes it a Waffles Cafe original.Wait time can be a slight problem because they make the waffles upon order, so please do not come here expecting instant food. Your patience will be rewarded.
4	Ham and bacon waffle sandwich with avocado and "special house sauce" yummmm.  My husband likes to get the breakfast special, it comes with a waffle, eggs, bacon, and coffee with side order of whipped cream and fresh raspberries or strawberries.  Crispy fluffy waffles, fresh ingredients, fresh fruit topping, and reasonably priced.  You can also create your own waffle, waffle sandwich, or waffle pizza.
3	its a good quick breakfast place. you cant beat their breakfast special.
4	If you like waffles, then this place might worth the drive for you if your either here for the weekend in Vegas or just happen to live in the area. Yoonies favorite is probably the most colorful and best looking waffle. Look at the picture for yourself. It will put anyone with a sweet tooth into submission. I was lucky and fat enough to try 4 different waffles here. 1. The Ham and Bacon Waffle Sandwich. 2. The Yoonies Favorite. 3. Jeffs Favorite4. The one with bananas, caramel, and white chocolate. lol. All of them were delicious. It takes quite a while for them to make it because obviously they spend time on the presentation. The Ham and Bacon Waffle Sandwich was good but different. The special sauce made the gf want to vomit. I thought it was tasty. Yoonies favorite was delicious w/ the whipped cream, loved the ice cream of course, but I wish the chocolate was replaced with caramel instead. Jeffs favorite came with cinnamon apples, caramel, whipped cream and ice cream. Pretty good but not a fan of cinnamon apples. The one with bananas, caramel, and white chocolate was by far the best in my book. Kept simple, but tasted so good. No need to  worry on a limited selection since you can go ahead and create your very own waffle. Watch what you mix here though, some things just dont go well together. Glad I tried it at least once. Now I know what Waffles Cafe is all about.
5	My husband and I got into Las Vegas early in the morning and was looking for a waffles place. We didn't want a buffet. So I searched thru yelp and found this place which was about 10 minutes away from the strip. To my surprise when I got there it wasn't a traditional sit down restaurant. You just order from the counter and seat yourself. They had a large selection of waffle choices. You choose what kind of waffle and toppings and syrup. There were so many to choose from. The people that worked there was very friendly. I ended up getting a organic flax waffle with strawberry and walnuts with whip cream and powdered sugar. My husband got the original waffle with peanut butter and banana with whip cream and powdered sugar. It was so good. I highly recommend this place. The price was very reasonable. The best part is the service was good and no tips required. What more can you ask for.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Really cheap plastic utensils. The random pictures on the wall don't make sense together.LIKE  The frequent diner's card. The breakfast special. The organic flax waffle. The helpful employees.LOVE  The ability to create your own waffle combinations. The size of the waffles. The different waffle toppings (nuts, fruit, candy, ice cream, and especially NUTELLA). The various smoothie flavors to choose from (and how you can add protein and other healthy supplements).
3	After a good nite sleep Ben rushed us to WaffleS. which was quite a journey considering its not down the strip and its actually in the normal part of LasVegaswe pulled into a fairly empty plaza and went into the small but cute WaffleS.  you head up to the counter and you order one of the prefixed waffles or you create your own from the extra friendly waiter/cook/owner? they also have waffle sandwiches and meals where it comes with a side of bacon/sausage & eggsmy waffle was supposed to consist of a coffee waffle, caramel, white chocolate & bananas.. & hannah's waffle was a plain waffle with marshmellows, nutella, peanut butter, whip cream and some other craazy mess.however!!! our waffles mustve got switched up cuz i got plain and she got coffee =( which totally sucks for hannah because she hates coffee and it was actually NOT good.(stick with plain) poor girl.everyone loved their order...hello its like everything u want for breakfast that your mama wont let u have! waffle with chocolate caramel syrup with more sugary toppings with a scoop of icecream who wouldnt love it? again its by preference (since ben LOVED it )but the sauce in the ham & bacon waffle sandwich did NOT work for me. at all. literally made me gag. its like a slightly sweet thick olive oil-ish concoction ; makes my mouth water (in the bad way) just thinking about it!
5	This family owned establishment has a lot going for themselves.  Having a waffle based menu, you would never think that waffles could go well with so many things.  My favorites are their waffle sandwiches! You can get your choice of chicken, ham and bacon, tuna, or turkey.  You can also choose what type of waffle you want.  I almost always like to get the organic flax.  This place is also great for desserts where, you guessed it, they have a menu set up where you can customized some yummy waffle desserts. Add your own choice of toppings and ice creams and its a fun party time in your mouth. Last but not least, please try their boba and smoothie drinks. They are seriously the best I've EVER had. YUP!
5	I love Waffles!  The waffles are so good, sweet and savory!  My friend said her waffle wasn't as crispy as she wanted, but if you prefer a little crunch to your waffle, just let them know!  They'll make it crispier for you.  The bbq chicken waffle is so good.  Sounds weird, right?  Wrong!  Everything about it is right!  The crispy waffle, the bbq chicken are a perfect match.  Who knew waffles are a good substitution for bread?  The employees are super nice and I love this place!
4	waffles are great. who dosnt like a menu based carbs!! if they would just take the concept from the signage and pull it thru the whole place it would be much more pleasant to be inside, for now stay focused on the food and you'll come back over and over...nutella, banana, strawberry and whipped cream on a fresh hot amazing waffle... my mouth watering now just thinking of it... ENJOY!!
5	Love it Love it Love it!!!  I would be a regular if I lived in Vegas. Since I live in Cali however I make a point to stop by at least once per Vegas trip. The staff is super friendly, the food never disappoints, it's super cheap. What more could you ask for?
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE, I come here about 2-3 times a week because it's just that good. My favorite is the breakfast special. I change the original waffle to a pumpkin waffle with extra powdered sugar and extra whipped cream, over medium eggs and sausage, add some Tabasco and it makes everything soo delicious! Staff is wonderful and friendly. I go for the friendly staff and the delicious food.
4	We really liked the breakfast waffle sandwich! It's salty and sweet at the same time - creative!! The regular waffles were good, but not amazing.  Reasonably priced - give it a try if you are in the area.
5	Awesome staff. Awesome food.
5	I can never get enough of this place! This is a place I can go to have breakfast every sunday morning with my mom and have my daily favorite the Ham & Bacon waffle together with an oreo shake yummayyyy! I just love it! I would suggest this place any day!
5	I love love the tuna waffle sandwich. It's my favorite! And the pizza waffle is not too bad (sneaked a bite from my munchin) The service might be slow but the staff is super friendly; So I could understand the wait. I can't wait to try dessert waffles...oh, and the Thai tea is good as well.
2	Ok, so my friends and I were looking for some breakfast foods after church.  I suggested this place, since it had great reviews on yelp.  Upon entering this place, I was expecting to be seated and to have a menu handed to me. But, no you  have to go up there and order what you want which was ok with me except I did want to stare at the menu while sitting down and reading a description.  But it's ok, I can deal.  Let me just say, I was really disappointed with this place.  I didn't understand the whole concept of ordering, or anything.  And even though the guy explained it to us, he made it seem like we could only order the breakfast portion even though I wanted to try the waffle pizza. I ended up ordering the Yooni's Favorite, which was no favorite of mine.  It didn't really grab my attention, and the waffles is ordinary.  The waffles were kind of pricey; and everything's served on paper plates and disposable utensils which I found kind of "ghetto." I don't know that's just me. The drive wasn't worth it, I might've just drove more down for babycakes.  At least their place had flavor, and prices are well worth it.
4	I am so happy I stumbled into this place.  I love the breakfast spots but sometimes I want something quick and may not be in the mood to wait.Here is where Waffles Cafe comes in.  For $5.50 you get a waffle, eggs, bacon or sausage, and unlimited coffee.You can get specialty waffles which is just a little bit more.  We had the pumpkin waffle which was perfect - not too sweet.  I, on the other hand, got the Strawberry Waffle special which came with Strawberry ice cream, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream.  Prob not the best breakfast waffle idea, more like a dessert, but it was awesome.I like the atmosphere alot -- The service is great.  You get that food truck type of vibe.  The workers all really enjoy being there and it's a good feeling.  I am seriously thinking of hi-jacking this idea, moving to another city and putting this on a truck b/c it would straight kill it.Until then, I'll be visiting this place weekly-  maybe more!
5	Great waffles! My husband accidently ordered the incorrect breakfast sandwich and they changed it with now problem. The place was very clean and they even recycle. I posted a pic of Yoogi's fav w/ carmel sauce! It was fantastic!!!
2	Good waffles; weird sandwiches.Although the waffles here are pretty good, the sandwiches they make (using waffles as bread) are just weird. Whether chicken, turkey or ham sandwiches they use sweet waffles as bread plus this sugary "secret sauce" that really doesn't work well with meats.Very friendly atmosphere and staff, but if you want something more than waffles go somewhere else.
5	Always stop by here when we go to vegas! Who wants the usual breakfast buffet from the hotel!  Stop by and try a nice tasty and fresh waffle sandwich...its a taste of heaven!The service is excellent, and even though we have only been once, they remembered us from almost a year ago!
4	It was my wife's birthday so for the second consecutive year we decided to celebrate by dining at Waffles on strawberry pancakes with whipped cream
4	This cafe is really quaint, and quiet. The atmosphere is very welcoming. There isn't many places to sit when it's busy, but there is some outdoor seating for nicer weather. It's located near where I live, and the food is pretty satisfying. Their sandwiches use waffles as their bread. I never would have thought that it would taste so good! I got a regular waffle with strawberries, banana, whipped cream and chocolate sauce. Pretty typical desert waffle. Nothing out of the ordinary, but the waffles were really crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside and not too sweet. Exactly what a waffle should be. We'll be returning here for sure.
4	Breakfast special was awesome.
5	Waffle Cafe is one of those little restaurants in a small plaza that people overlook.  If you see it, I recommend you give it a try. The sandwiches here are really good because they add that special sauce (secret recipe) to every sandwich they make that gives it a sweet flavor to it. I like the chicken sandwich but you can't go wrong with any of them. You can even have them replace the regular waffle with chocolate waffles if you want your food to be sweeter.The smoothies here are ok. The coconut is my favorite and this is the first place I've ever tried a coconut smoothie so I can't really say if other places are better. They also have several desserts to choose from as well, all placed on top of their waffles.Everything here is basically substituted with a waffle (pizza. sandwich, etc). Only if they would add fried chicken to the menu, this place would be the ultimate sh*t, the lil' Roscoes Chicken & Waffles of Vegas!
5	I love the tuna sandwich. I'm a regular here and I always ask the worker to add some spiciness to my sandwich. I love it!Service here is great, feels like you're their best friends. I would recommend this place for anyone who wants a good breakfast that can be turned into a dessert or dinner.Ask for the Alexa Special. ;)
3	Seen this place driving by several times before and finally we decided to plan breakfast here. Small place, friendly staff and extensive breakfast/waffle choices!!Here's what we got:1/2 Pumpkin & 1/2 Original Waffle: Yes it's one combined waffle and not separate halves. The Regular side tasted Alright.. It had a balanced flavor and most importantly the texture was right on!  Adding some silky butter and some syrup helped it a bit. On the other hand, the Pumpkin side tasted Much Better. Just the right of Pumpkin Goodness!Sausage, Bacon & Egg Whites: Got these on the side.. Bacon were thin, crispy and short. Can't really go wrong with bacon but the portion was way too little. Egg whites were a palm full, tasted fine but again their portion was meant for Infants! Sausage same difference in serving size (a pair).Typical But Tasty!Yooni's Favorite/Special: Original Waffle, Strawberry, Banana, Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce. I'm more of a simple kina waffle eater but this thing is quite the treat! Everything goes well with eachother and its one sweet way to start off a morning!!Simple small shop, value was okay, I think a tad on the pricey side and really friendly service. I'd come back to try other waffle creations..
4	I'm a big fans of this small waffle eatery. It's one of those things that makes you wonder why you don't eat waffles more often. Love the pumpkin waffle with apples and caramel sauce. Great customer service and a nice alternative brunch and dessert spot. When you're feeling that sweet tooth coming on, venture to someplace new and treat yourself and someone you love to some waffley goodness.
4	Reasonably priced. Excellent food. Great service
4	Food is good. Everything as the name suggests is waffle based. I had the waffle sandwich it was huge and super sweet smothered in a clearish syrup. It is fast food style and there are not that many tables so sort of hard to eat in on a weekend morning.
5	Very friendly and nice to first timers. I ordered strawberry waffle with choco chips and apple pie filling, it was so tasty I didn't need syrup! Def coming back to try more!
5	My boyfriend and I would normally eat at Denny's on Tropicana and Fort Apache for breakfast as a treat.  But, their price doesn't match their quality of food.  We tend to feel robbed after dining in.  For a while when going to Walmart or Burger King in this area, I would always wonder about Waffles Cafe.Last week, while unpacking to settle in our new our apartment I had decided to get us some breakfast from this little dive breakfast joint.  I ordered two Breakfast Specials which included:  Waffles with banana, whip cream, powdered sugar sprinkled on top, and maple syrup on the side; Scrambled eggs, bacon, and added sausage for an additional $1.  With this, I got a free coffee.  To substitute it with orange juice, it's another $1.  All in all, I spent about $18 plus tip.  This is a good price compared to spending around $35 at Denny's.When I got home, my boyfriend was pleasantly surprised after he opened his container of food.  His waffles had strawberries sprinkled with powdered sugar and maple syrup on the side.  When he started eating the sausage, eggs, and bacon, the look on his face was priceless.  I agreed with his look as I was biting in to my food.  Everything tasted perfect.  Normally, the sausage is something that is just blah.  This sausage actually had meat.  It wasn't the dinky little kind that Denny's serves.  The bacon was crispy and crunchy, not too oily just how bacon should be made.  The waffles that came with the meal topped it off nicely. As I was spreading the butter on my waffles, my boyfriend made a comment on how great everything was.  After I let the maple syrup drop all over the waffles, I dove right in.  I couldn't believe how much I loved it.  The taste is comparable to getting a new bra in Victoria Secret - EXCITING, NEW, AND UNFORGETTABLE.  I've never really eaten waffles as much as I would pancakes.  After this experience, I've been converted.  I would definitely take their waffles over any pancakes any day.We'll be here more often for breakfast.  Mmm-mmm-mmmmmmm.
1	Today we brought a friend from out of town to this place because we liked it so much last time we went there.  It turned out to be a complete disappointment.  We had to get the food to go because the friend had a plane to catch.  The guy told us it would take 10 to 15 mins for the food to be ready.  We waited.  While we were waiting, everyone else got served, even people that came to the place AFTER us.  After 20+ mins, there was no sign of the food, I asked the guy and told him that we were in a hurry.  He said "it should be ready in 4 mins." (his exact words).  10 mins passed... no food.  I don't even know how long we ended up waiting for 3 waffles.  Finally the food was here, they were questioning us what we ordered.  At that point I was just furious.  Right, took you forever to get our food because you served everyone else first and now you are telling me that you don't remember what we ordered?!I will NEVER go back. NEVER. EVER.
4	You would think a place that specializes in waffles would appeal to almost everyone. I mean who the hell dont like waffles? They're crispy they're designed to have lots of surface area and can hold their own against fruit, ice cream, or hell even sandwich stuff.So why dont I eat at waffles cafe more often?The environment is pretty chill, the tables are clean the young ladies behind the counter are friendly and cheerful as well as darn attractive. The waffles are damn tasty, the cucumber water...kinda tastes like cucumber tap water with a TDS (total dissolved solids) count of over 200.A lot of pluses against one minus which isnt a big deal since i like to carry my own source of water in my car anyway...So what is it about this place that prevents me from going too often...Well i think the entire idea of this place was to appeal to younger crowds to gather and collectively consume waffles made in a variety of ways with numerous toppings and even savory waffles.The thing that keeps me from seriously considering waffles cafe for a meal is the bang to buck ratio. There are much better deals elsewhere when you're in the mood to fill your belly up and WaffleS Cafe just doesnt fill me up enough at the cost of what i'm spending. What about sweet waffles? If i were younger i'd love to drive out here, leech the free wifi (which is a pretty weak connection but still there) and have crispy waffle with sweet ice cream and colorful fruits decorating the plate while watching the pretty girls take orders and make waffles. I'm older now and my tastes have changed. Instead of craving something sweet i'd murder for Soyo or Pan Asian.Be nice if they were open a little latter. Totally down for waffles after a weekly ritual of SoYo, but alas they close early.The food is excellent and creative with numerous ways to customize something to your liking so finding something you'll really enjoy wouldnt be a problem at all. It's the practicality of spending a buck fifty for half a kiwi as a topping that makes customizing your own unrealistic and is what prevents me from giving the five stars this place deserves.
4	so due to some crazy impromptu trip to vegas, my friends and I ended up here.  One of my friends that lives in Vegas insisted that we go here, and besides, we'd already seen a picture of her coffee waffle with nutella and bananas, so we were game.It's quite a bit away from the strip, so if you don't have a car while in Vegas, expect a large cab fare.  Decent prices, options galore.  You pick a type of waffle that you want, and then you can pick from a variety of toppings.  You can also make it a combo, add some potatoes and eggs.  The guy working there is super nice, I think he might be the owner.  He ran through the whole process with us, and remembered that my friend had been there before.We all got a waffle, two coffees, one pumpkin.  Needless to say, they were only clean plates left.Definitely worth another visit.
4	On your way to red rock?  Hungry for some off the strip food?  Come in to this friendly waffle place with an Asian flare.  Have a yummy waffle breakfast sandwich and I'm sure you will be set for the rest of the climb on the rocks for the day!  Don't forget to get a side order of sausage and bubble tea, they're yummy!
2	So Boy Bestie Harry and I were looking for quick breakfast cheap. Yelp said, "Hey, you should check out WaffleS Cafe!" WaffleS Cafe? You mean... a cafe... devoted to waffles? Those grilled, delicious paddles of breakfast-type awesome? Nothing but waffles? I like it! I shall order waffles, then more waffles, then more waffles, until I have myself a veritable Tower of Waffles! From which I shall rule the breakfast kingdom on my Waffle Throne, with my Waffle Crown, and my Scepter formed from hardened Maple Syrup with a Powdered Sugar Jewel on top, after which I will turn my sights to RULING THE WORLD!!! BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!Too bad what I got was something I could have made in my own kitchen.First off, it shouldn't be "WaffleS Cafe." It should be "Waffle Shop." A cafe to me implies a place to relax and enjoy some quality food. WaffleS had about all the ambiance of a pink Roberto's Taco Shop. Plastic and formica better found on my patio deck. I don't ask for much, I'm pretty simple, but put a LITTLE effort into it.Cheap? Yeah, it was cheap, so it scored in that arena. $5.50 for a breakfast special.Problem was, there wasn't very much special about it. I had a waffle with apple cinnamon topping, Boy Bestie Harry had a regular one. It was okay, but it was literally something I could have done at home with some batter and a waffle iron. If you specialize in waffles, impress me with said waffle. Also, I'm not OUTRIGHT saying that WaffleS Cafe caused this, but I got the bubblyguts later at work. Just saying.Kudos is deserved for preparing everything fresh, as could be evidenced from my eggs, which were irregular when served. Not that irregular is bad, it just shows that there wasn't like a vat of them sitting in the back.So it wasn't that great of an experience, and it's in the FAR Southwest. My plans for a Tower of Waffles will have to wait.
5	I think from the previous reviews, you get a picture of how great Waffles Cafe is....the waffle sandwiches truly are something else.  Love trying new restaurants, this one was a great find!  I had the turkey bacon waffle sandwich and he got the breakfast sandwich.  If you're deciding between one of those, go with the lunch one..it's a little better.  Next time I'm going to try the nutella waffle!!
5	This place is one of my favorites, it is so good!   I would love to drink boba tea every day if I could. There 3 location in the valley.The people working there are always nice and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone. :)
5	Stayed at my cousins in Vegas and was STARVING for Breakfast.  My cousins said waffles I said sure not knowing that you could do all this fun stuff with waffles.  We walk in and you pick your waffle flavor and waffle toppings!!!  They had waffle creations like pizza, sandwiches, who knew?!A M A Z I N G!!I got the $5.49 Breakfast special! Waffle  coffee, sausage and eggs!!! Chocolate waffles with whipped cream, powdered sugar, nutella and white chocolate!  I didn't want to eat the waffle cuz it was nicely presented.  But when I took my first bite, it melted in my mouth- it was too late, I had already fallen in love.  I ate half and i was already full!! Then I looked at my sausage and eggs, I'm like shoot how am i going to do this?  Luckily my husband and cousins helped eat that so i could focus on the waffle!! o0ooo in between the coffee i had some cucumber water... delish!Def goin back when i'm back in Vegas!
3	Friendly service, we only waited ten minutes (maybe less) for our food.  I had the original waffle, and my friend had a pumpkin waffle.  A little bit of a crispy outside, nice and moist on the inside.  Very tasty.  Eggs on the side were bland, and the turkey sausage was good, but not great.  Coffee was also mediocre.  If you only get waffles it's excellent, but average sides prevent a higher rating.  Next time I go I'll definitely just get a few waffles.
5	I LOVE WAFFLES! I am so happy to have found a place that sells waffles for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I ordered a strawberry waffle with  strawberries, strawberry ice cream, and whipped cream. Soooooo good. I am going to visit again and again! YUM!!!!
5	never really cared for waffles until i found this place.
5	Omg!!!!! Everything is made with waffles!!! Even the pizza!! Awesome!!!! I had the breakfast special Delicious!!!!!!
3	We were greeted as we entered this store front cafe and the staff was friendly and helpful. We had the $5.49 breakfast special (egg, meat and waffle) that included coffee and the food was served hot and well done. The waffle was tasty and the sausage I had was flavorful. Decor was bare bones, as well as seating. Great place for a quick, cheap bite.  I would have given it 4 stars, but the floor needed a good cleaning.
4	Great waffles! Loved it, just not a lot of seating
1	This was the dirtiest eating establishment I have EVER walked into. Floors ,walls,chairs,tables, everything was really dirty. If the front of the house was this dirty I can only imagine what the kitchen looked like.
4	Waffles, waffles, wafffffles!  Pretty much everything here has something to do with waffles.  Waffle sammiches,  desserty waffle sundaes, and waffle pizzas?!  You really have to appreciate the innovativeness of the owners of this place!The waffles are really good.  It has a good crisp to the outside and its soft in the inside which is what a waffle should be!The breakfast sandwich is awesome.  It's like all your favorite breakfast items in one bite!  Waffles, bacon, sausage (it came with ham, but I swapped it out for sausage), egg.  It comes with their special sauce, which you can opt to get it on the side.   I can't put my finger on what the sauce is, but I don't like it - its taste makes me feel weird.  I'd much rather drench the sandwich with syrup, but that's just me.Also try the Yooni's special - it's pretty delicious.  It has your basic sundae toppings all over it.  Ice cream, strawberries, bananas, whip cream, chocolate sauce.  At $7+, I think it's a bit pricey.  I kept thinking to myself... I have a waffle maker, I can just make this at home!  Anyway, it was still delicious.  The place is small with can pose an issue for the busy weekend mornings.    The ambience is OK... I really like to orange walls and white furniture.  But I hate the fluorescent lighting in there and the floors look dingy.    That doesn't affect the quality of the food and service though.  Just sayin!   We will definitely be coming back here for their reasonably priced breakfast combo (5.49 for a regular waffle, eggs, coffee, and bacon or sausage).  Might even get one of the specialty waffles for a dessert after dinner one day (too much sugar for breakfast for me!).  Plus, its always good to support local business!
2	I was seriously jonesing to try this place and I have to say that it was not worth all the excitement. When we got there the place was dirty as hell and the floor looked like it hadnt been mopped in weeks. The menu looked interesting and its always fun to try something new so I ordered a turkey sandwich combo my sister got the breakfast sandwich and we got a banana split waffle to share. My sisters looked pretty good but I told her to eat it with syrup and she liked it a lot better. Mine was pretty much a turkey sandwich but there was the secret sauce on it that was pretty nasty. It was grainy and viscous and about 90% sugar. Who wants, essentially a sugar syrup, on their turkey sandwich? I pulled as much of it off as I could but it ruined it for me. Also, each sandwich came out with a bag of chips that the guy at the register picked for us. I felt like because I was paying for my lunch that I should have been able to pick my chips. That was so strange to me. The banana split waffle was not that good either. It had a scoop of old tasting vanilla ice cream that was so small I couldnt tell it was there at first. It was also doused in chocolate syrup. I think that it could be a much better experience for me if I stick to breakfast. I do not recommend going at lunch time.
5	Just a quick update.I haven't been here for about 6 months since I've been going back and forth between Vegas and Tahoe, but I came here with my boyfriend a couple days ago around 7:30am after purchasing a Groupon and Jeff (I'm assuming that's the guy that's always there) still remembered us! I thought that was pretty awesome considering we haven't come here in so long. I ordered Yooni's favorite (strawberry, banana, vanilla ice cream, choco sauce) w/ coffee like always and my bf ordered another combination minus the strawberries with soda. There's always free refills on coffee, so I usually end up refilling twice (3 times if I'm feelin' crazy). The strawberries were a tad more sour than usual, but everything else was perfect. We both cleaned our plates and left satisfied. This is always my first choice whenever I'm in need of a waffle fix and in the Vegas area. I always order Yooni's favorite because I have a killer sweet tooth, but my bf and brother are both in love with their waffle sandwiches as well. Next time I plan on trying a waffle pizza and boba tea!
4	Love the waffle there and great toppings.
3	Been here once but I would definitely go back.
5	This place is TOP!! As you walk in, they ask if you are first timer or not. If you are a first timer then they will explain to you how to order and also like many others, I have coupon from Groupon. And they would as you that as well. Just so they can explain to you what is to order if you have Groupon. The girls and guys that worked there are so energetic, nice, helpful and as a plus they smile to you. I order the Alexa which is strawberry waffles, with strawberry ice cream, top with fresh sweet strawberries and a whip cream. I assumed they say no substitute but I ask anyway if I can have chocolate ice cream instead of the strawberry ice cream. And he said "no problem" ... well you win there.. The waffles is really good, I usually can not finish 1 average size waffles. But this one, as you can see in the picture I post ~ its clean.. too bad the waffles was served in a paper plate. Or else I would clean the plate. If I live in the area, I will have my breakfast there often. But if I ever go to Las Vegas again, I will definitely go back to WaffleS Cafe.
3	We came here on a Sunday morning with a Groupon, after reading so many great reviews. This is what we got:Yooni's Favorite:  Original Waffle, Strawberry slices, Banana slices, a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. This was alright. So many things were going on. Breakfast sandwich w/eggs, cheese, ham, and a special sauce. Not a huge fan of the special sauce. Instead of the regular waffle, we got the oat waffle instead. That cost $0.50 extra. We weren't a fan of the sauce but definitely the oat waffle. I got the chai latte and it was alright. The coffee was refillable. It's a small shop w bright color. The waffles to me were ok, hence the three stars. W the groupon, we were restricted to a certain menu, maybe that's why we didn't think it was as great as other yelpers had reviewed this place to be. I will definitely come back to try the waffles again, and update my review where I see fit.
2	Came here expecting a good breakfast but walked out unsatisfied. I ordered the breakfast waffle sandwich with ham, eggs, cheese, with their special spread on a oat waffle. I didn't care much for the special spread was some sort of sweet jam but it didn't go too well with the sandwich. The egg tasted like they were egg beaters and didn't have much taste. We also ordered the Yooni's favorite. There was nothing special or creative about the waffle - ice cream, chocolate sauce, strawberries, bananas with whipped cream. With all those toppings it just made the waffle soggy. Probably won't be back here for breakfast.
4	Most unique breakfast place in town!  All their waffles are made fresh.  You have to option of experimenting with your own creations or trying out one of the MANY creations they have displayed on the menu.  Everything I have ordered thus far has yet to disappoint me.Definitely try the waffle sandwiches!  Their secret special sauce makes everything taste fantastic, whether it be a sweet waffles meal or a savory one (like the breakfast waffle sandwich or turkey waffles sandwich).They also make great smoothies and pearl tea drinks, though I am not sure that they use fresh ingredients for all their smoothie flavors.  Also, grab a stamp card so you can get a discount after your 10th combo purchase.The ambiance of this place is quaint and welcoming.  Colors are bright, displays are cute and bubbly, much like the servers are.  Everyone seems like they enjoy work as well as each other's company.  Definitely reminds me of the cute little shops/food trucks on Taiwanese and Korean dramas.  I love it!Only reason why this place isn't 5 stars is because it is a little pricey for the amount of food that you're getting, but the special sauce really makes up for it!  It still didn't stop me from filling up a stamp card or two. :-P
3	Waffles Cafe has been on my to go to list for so long. It took a Groupon sale to finally get me over to the shop. At first I was expecting a sit down spot, but it turns out to be concession style. This is good because it keeps the cost down.The Groupon was good for two specialty waffles and two drinks. My sister had ordered a milk tea boba and the Alexa's; a strawberry waffle, fresh strawberries, strawberry ice cream, whipped cream, and chocolate syrup. I got the taro boba and the Yooni's; subbed the original waffle for an organic flax waffle for a dollar, fresh bananas, strawberries, vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup, and whipped cream. I found that I liked components of both the waffles, but not the whole. The waffles are amazing. They are just the way I like them, a little dense and cake like. The flavor is superb, but I could not tell if I really got the flax waffle or not. If it was then they use flax meal. The fruit were firm and not slimy. If I got it without the chocolate syrup and whipped cream, I would have been happier. I had the same issue with their boba. I loved the tapioca balls, but the drinks were too sweet. WaffleS Cafe's strong points are their reasonable prices and the build your own options. The eight different waffles and large array of toppings are only limited by the customer.
3	When it comes to breakfast places around the valley, the hype is hit or miss. For WaffleS Cafe, definitely a miss. Ever since we purchased the Groupon, my brother and I have been pushing back coming here for weeks now. Before I left for Seattle, I was resolute about coming here, yet I'm not impressed with our visit.I ordered the Alexa's: strawberry waffle topped with both fresh strawberries and strawberry ice cream with whipped cream and chocolate syrup. For the drink, a milk tea always wins. My brother ordered the Yooni's: bananas, strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate syrup atop an organic flax waffle (subbed for the original for a dollar more). Sticking to his blatant love for all things Asian, he ordered the Taro tea. The wait seemed a bit much, with not much attention paid towards us in the meantime. After devouring our plates, we agreed: we loved parts of both, but not the entire thing. My waffle was absolutely delicious: subtly sweet with enough strawberry flavor. The fruit was clearly fresh, but the overall flavor combination wasn't enough to tempt me for a second visit. However, my milk tea was sweet enough to cause a cavity upon first sip. The boba was perfect: chewy and addictive. What left a worse taste in my mouth was the service. The owner was cordial enough towards the two of us, but seemed extraordinarily accommodating towards every customer thereafter. I would come back only to try the savory sandwiches or even the waffle pizzas, but as for the hype, I just don't see it.
5	You guys put waffles to the next level! this place is really good! its not only just sweets but they also got like waffle sandwiches and stuff, really good
5	Okay, I first came here when they opened and it was good but it was so long ago that I couldn't really remember it. OMG. I needed a severe sweet fix and had seen the menu online (and gotten a suggestion from Jadira R). I dropped by for the Banana Split Waffle. The people here are really really friendly (that's the thing I remembered most from my last visit) and helpful and the waffle was exactly what I needed. Now that I remember how amazing this place is, I'll be back all the time.
3	Mad about waffles? Then, this is the place for you. This cheery walk up cafe serves a breakfast special waffle with eggs, bacon or sausage, and coffee $5.49. Fresh fruit and other toppings are available for an additional fee. They also have a handful of savory waffle sandwiches or pizza and then a slew of dessert waffles.My mom and I both had the breakfast special with bacon. Just fresh strawberries for me and butter for her. Eggs were fine, bacon was crisp, but a bit small. The waffle was great. It's nice and light, crisp, yet chewy and not doughy at all. The griddle marks are deep so your toppings melt right in. Coffee is self serve. It's a nice option close to home. I'll return sometime to satisfy a sweet tooth and try the coffee waffle.
4	I love waffles, and this place has pretty good waffles... But it has an amazing waffle sandwich! I went here with my boyfriend and played it safe with a chocolate waffle with strawberries.  The boyfriend got the turkey waffle sandwich, and I ended up eating half of it because it was so tasty!  Worth a trip for sure. :)
1	I came here a second time hopeful to change my opinion on this place but I was still not impressed. This time I ordered the turkey sandwich which had turkey, lettuce, tomato, and avocado and again the food did not wow me. They say the third time is a charm but you won't see me here a third time.
5	I love this place! If you create tour own and it's good they put it on the menu. The Christmas music random on shuffle is strange in July but it goes with the atmosphere.
1	Been here a number of times and it has not ever been good. I thought it was off just once but it can't be off 5 times. I won't go back.
1	After reading the reviews... I am glad they were CLOSED when we went there today. Signs in the windows say that they are closed with no expected opening date
5	This place was awesome!  We always got their waffle sandwiches and they were so so good!  I am sad to find out that they are now closed =(
4	Wow, really great, unassuming little place. I was early for a meeting and stopped in. The decor looks a lot like a frozen yogurt store, and the staff are all younguns from Asia. I used to live in Taiwan, and I miss the way the Chinese treat breakfast. I got the special, and I was very pleased. The waffle was executed as well as any I have had before. Crispy on the outside, sweet, and chewy on the inside. The staff is super friendly, all the other customers I saw seemed to be regulars. There is a very homey atmosphere here. I will definitely be back.
4	My daughter and I had the breakfast bowl.  Be forewarned, it is served in a waffle cone bowl.  I mistakenly thought after looking at a pic of it thought it was made with actual waffles.  It was good but not what I had anticipated.  While they do have breakfast options I think it's more of a lunch/dinner/dessert menu.  Their specialty waffles come with ice cream on them and to me that says dessert, not breakfast.  I'd like to come back and try their sandwiches and pizza (both made on waffles).Also, I think they should get some booths in there instead I'd the hard plastic chairs and tiny tables.  It would be a better use of their space.  Cut out the foam plates too and spring for real plates.  Cutting food on foam never ends well.
1	This place is a dump. Very dirty and grimy. The tables and seats are not clean. The waffles were ok. Nothing special. I would not go here again.
