5	Ron came out when he said he would, was prompt and courteous, did the job at the agreed price - which was very fair price, took the time to explain to me what he was doing.  Other contractors should take note, this is how you get repeat business.  Definitely will recommend to others!
5	Ron came out to our house to tackle a couple of clogged drains.   I was in search of a good deal-----I didn't realize plumbers were so expensive.  Most places I called quoted me $150 minimum.  Ron was very professional and gave us a GREAT deal on the work!  Thanks Ron---I've got your magnet on my fridge!
5	Great service, fast and efficient - my water heater wasnt working and Ron was the ONLY person who said he could come and actually made it to my house when he said he would!!THANK YOU
1	I setup an appointment for a non emergency repair. The appointment time came and went and no one showed up or called. I left a couple of messages stating if he had an emergency that was fine but please give me an ETA. No call back, no show.
5	Nothing like a Sunday morning pre-breakfast & coffee for a toilet overflow PLUS shower drain bubble up!!!  Lived in my home for less than a year & don't have much history on it.  Called this company, Ron the owner answered.  He asked the appropriate questions, settled my mind and said he would be there shortly.  And he WAS!  Ron made it on a Sunday morning in less than an hour to my home.  He was extremely professional and provided me with the proper info that I didn't even have the right questions to ask.  I am so grateful for his prompt, professional service and even more grateful for his AMAZING Sunday rates!  Better than any other plumbing service I have used.  & I just had a different plumber out for a different problem 2 days prior.  Ron blew away this big name company with his service, timing & price.  I would give him more stars if I could.CALL RON!  You will be sooooo happy you did!Thanks a million Ron!
5	Ron arrived on time, could determine how the lines were run in the house right away and went to work.  I had a bad clog and he had it all fixed in short order.  Very nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  Highly recommend.  I will keep his number for the future.  Thanks Ron
5	All of our pipes backed up today, Sunday AM...We're having my family over for a birthday party this afternoon...Panic Time! I looked up reviews on Yelp and gave Ron a shot, he was at my house within a half hour and the problem was fixed in 20 minutes. There were no unexpected costs, he was courteous and helpful.  Thank you for your great service Ron..I also have your magnet on the fridge and will send referrals your way.
5	I called, and Ron quoted a price and time.  Ron's son arrived when he said he would and did a good job.  The price they charged was the same one they quoted.  I would use them again and recommend them to others.
5	Wow, Thank God for a great plumber like Ron and his son Steven! They came out and fixed our plumbing needs real quick. I also had them fix a rental unit  these guys are great and professional.
5	Yelp comes through again!!!  Found myself in need of a plumber with a clogged kitchen sink that was not going to drain.  Tried to clear it myself, but the clog was too deep for me to reach.  Grabbed my phone, opened my Yelp app and found Ron.  I quickly gave him a call.  Rob quoted me a price and told me what time he would be here.  He was very professional,courteous and stuck to his quote!!  Last time I was in this situation I called another plumber and was charged about 3 times the amount that Ron charged me.  I now have a plumber!!!  If you need a plumber call Ron, he is top notch.
5	Very pleased with service today.  Same day service too!   Ron was here on time and the price was exactly as quoted on the phone.
5	I had called Ron about a stopped up toilet and shower.  I called at 10:30 at night, and scheduled him for the next AM.  I randomly flushed an upstairs toilet (mostly to make sure it wasn't draining into my tub) and suddenly all my drains emptied.  I'm guessing that's a fluke, but I called Ron the next day and he gave me advice and said it sounded like he didn't need to come, but he'd be happy to if I wanted.  He told me to check the sewer drain lines and how to check if they were clear.  I would rather pay a fair price for an honest plumber, then a lower price for one who will add on things, or not be honest with me.  If you're like me -- call Ron! :)
5	Ron is a plumbing superstar!!!!!  I called him and he was here quickly and got the job done!  The cost was reasonable and exactly what I was quoted; I would highly recommend Ron for any plumbing needs you may have.
5	What can i say about $59 Rooter & Plumbing ServiceI made a mistake and called Brewer commercial services and they did not fix the problem and charged us for service 250.00, We came across $59 rooter & plumbing service, Not only did he (Ron) fight with Epcor Utility company to prove that the broken sewer line was not on our property, He spent alot of his own time fighting with them.  This guy knows what he is talking about and knows his stuff. I will highly recommend your company to anyone and everyone. Ron when you need a tune up on your vehicles please bring em in, we will take care of you. Thank you again. Ron @ 5 Brothers Auto Repair.
5	I just had my bathroom remodeled but the shower drain was backing up and needed to be snaked before I could use the shower. Called $59 Rooter & Plumbing Service around 9am and spoke to Ron; in 40 minutes he was at my door and not more than 10 minutes after that the drain was running again just fine. $59 was the price, and it couldn't have been any easier.
5	My kitchen drain was stopped up and I called and within a half and hour Ron came and fixed it. VERY polite and prompt. no problems with this company.
5	Great find for quick service at a reasonable price. We had a drain problem today so I called Ron based upon his yelp reviews. He was in Ahwatukee within the hour and had the problem resolved in mere minutes. Afterward, we were talking and I mentioned my hose bibs had been leaking when in use for quite some time so he said he'd take a look.The problems were diagnosed and resolved in a matter of minutes requiring no new parts just the removal of a bad anti-siphon valve installed on the front bib when our home was buiolt. The rear bib was just a matter of tightening a nut that kept the packing tight or something like that. Who'd a know'd? LOL. All I know is that the next time we have a plumbing issue Ron will be my first call.
5	When our kitchen sink decided to back up on us last week, J and I tried our "tried and true" Clog Buster.  Take apart trap, etc, connect to hose, cross fingers, and turn on the water.  Shut off water. Curse.  Stomp.  Curse some more.  And then search Yelp for plumbers. I came across Ron's business.  Boy am I sure glad I did too!  J gave him a call, and after he told Ron what all we've done, Ron gave J a flat (and very fair, i might add) price to come and unclog our drain and main vent (which you have to access from the roof). J said he was in and out in about 90 minutes.  I got home just in time to pay him.  His work comes with a 30 day guarantee, which is awesome!  From now on, if ever we cant unclog a drain ourselves (like in this case), I know who we are calling!   :)
5	When you have a toddler AND a bathroom in the middle of a major renovation, it is highly advised to protect the open toilet drain from random objects being inserted into it by said toddler...This weekend my husband soundly chewed me out because, according to him, in my haste to complete the long delayed bathroom project, I prematurely removed the wad of plastic grocery bags that he had shoved in the open floor drain to protect it from the aforementioned toddler.  After reinstalling our toilet we discovered that the toilet drain was now hopelessly clogged.  We tried plunging it.We tried snaking it.We even tried chemical main line drain cleaner.Nada, zip, zilch.It was blocked solid and bubbling up into the shower when we ran water into that drain.  CRAP!!! (Literally.)In desperation I turned to Yelp for a plumber and here I found Ron and his company.  I called Ron at 7 AM today and left a message, explaining my issue and asking if there was any chance he could come by today since I was off work.Not only did he call me right back, but he was on his way to my house within an hour and within 20 minutes had found the problem and fixed it!  Not only did he clear the main line obstruction, but he ALSO reinstalled my toilet for me as a favor! Folks, I could not be more impressed!  I will definitely be calling him again anytime I have a plumbing issue.  Heck, Ron even invited me to call him if I just have a plumbing question!  How many professionals offer that kind of service?So, to sum it up:Main line snaked and obstruction removed by the nicest plumber in Phoenix? $120Discovering that the obstruction was *actually* a plastic grocery bag placed there by my husband?  PRICELESS.Bouquet of roses from embarrassed husband? $20
5	We had a plumber for years who eventually moved out of state.  Not knowing any other plumbers, we LUCKILY called Ron. Since then, we have used Ron 3 times.  Every time he showed up as promised and did a perfect job for us.  I wasn't sure about 2 of the jobs as they appeared as though they were going to be next to impossible and would require a real plumber.  Ron breezed through them and we could immediately tell he is a perfectionist with his work.  His rates are reasonable and worth every penny each time we used him.We have no intentions of ever calling a different plumbing service as we have found the best in the business.We referred our niece to Ron, she used him for a very big plumbing problem and was very happy with his work.  We will continue to refer friends and family to Ron with total confidence.
5	Glad I found Ron plumbing service on Yelp. 1st time I had his son Steven show up to de-clog 2 bathroom drains. Steven was on time and did both drains within 45 minutes! All for just $59 each. Now the water drain smoothly. 2nd time Ron came out for a kitchen leaking faucet. He came out on the same day i called him. He was honest about what he can do and if he can't fix it, there won't be any charge. Luckily, it was an easy fix and he replaced my old faucet with a new one. In 1/2 hour!! THANKS RON. Will definitely call him again if I have any further problems.
5	I called Ron on recommendation from Yelp reviews. The service he provided was excellent. Diagnosed the problem and took care of it promptly. Job was done as promised and also very clean. It was also done at the estimate provided on the phone. Will use again if a need arises. This review is from our house in Peoria, Az
5	Ron came to help me with yet another plumbing problem today and this time he also walked me through the repair, step by step, so that I knew how to fix it myself next time.  I love that, because it means he's taking the time to really help his customer, not just solve their immediate issue at that particular moment.Oh, and then I went to pay him and he tried to refuse any payment calling it a favor instead!  He really is too nice.  I insisted he let me pay him for his time though, he's totally worth every penny and more. From now on out he's my go-to guy for plumbing issues! Call him if you need help with your plumbing, you can thank me later!
5	Ron and his son did a great job fixing the drain in the shower. They arrived when they said they would and finished the job quickly and thoroughly. Ron even had some helpful suggestions to improve the functioning of the shower and drain that I could do myself. I would definitely recommend he and his son's services and will call them again in the future.
5	Ok, we used this business again for about the 6th time in a year.  As usual, no problem.  Showed up in time, did a fantastic job!  We will never call a different plumber as long as Ron and his services are available.
5	Ron came highly recommended as honest and dependable and reasonable, when the time came that I needed his services I found his card that I had saved and I was not disappointed when I called. He came to my home promptly and assessed the problem that I thought could have been a major ordeal and he explained what was going on and made the repair right then and there, he was in and out in less than 2 hours. It was refreshing that he was honest and didnt suggest that I needed repairs that were not necessary, sometimes companies will take advantage of a single woman but Ron was very honest and next time I am in need of a plumber I will definately be calling on Ron at $59 plumbing and rooter!! Thank you Ron!
5	Highly recommended!  Ron was punctual, polite and quickly remedied our leaky faucets!A true professional and VERY reasonably priced!He is also great with dogs :)  and has a great sense of humor.Our family would absolutely call him again!
1	I called Ron at $59 Rooter and he told me it would $189 and there would probably be other charges.  I called Mr. Rooter, Ian got to my rental house before I did and had the sewer cleaned out and running fine for $99 as advertised. Guess I'll be using Mr. Rooter for my other properties instead of Ron @ $59...
5	I had my sewer back up into my house. Ron was at my door in less than 20 minutes. He is friendly. Fast. And a great price. I would highly recommend Ron and his services to anybody. Very great job. Thank you so much for helping.
5	We had a fantastic experience with Ron - when we called him on a Tuesday morning after our shower drains backed up and our toilets leaked on the floor, he came by right away and got our drains working again.  He has a warranty on his work, so when our drains backed up again a couple of weeks later he promptly called us back and scheduled us.  It turned out the problem was caused by roots, and I was happy to find that Ron also does video camera inspections so we're having him come back to figure out exactly where the roots are coming in.Ron is punctual, professional, and friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.  I would highly recommend.
1	Ron continues to put conjecture into his reply of our experience.  He was not interested in getting off the couch at ~6:00 on Friday night.  He wanted to make an extra day's wage for his trouble and that was just too much for me.  I'm a savvy home owner and know the drill.  The other firm did not try to sell any thing extra though they did offer me additional services.  Who really has their sewer line power washed?When I bought this house in 1982, I did have someone come out who said the line was collapsed but I had no interest in replacing the sewer line a week into new home ownership, that original sewer line is still going strong.  I dug down to the "collapse" which was just a root about 1/2 in diameter right next to a giant cottonwood tree.  I removed the tree a year later and never had another major issue in 40 years.  Sorry Ron but your conjecture just does not ring true.  I'm sorry you were ready for dinner that Friday evening but sometimes you just have to acknowledge your choices and move on.  And no I'm not interested in changing my review for a free service contract...SOooooo... this morning I get an email from yelp that Ron has re-posted regarding my review, so I responded the above, this evening I got another email that ROn has retorted once again.  So I look to see what he said.  Ron has posted another page and half regarding my experience with another service even though he was not there.  Facts are facts however, I did NOT have Ron do any work for me because I got it done for under a hundred bucks by a national company.  I was pleased by their work quality, timeliness and disposition.  Ron is now making "lawyer " threats toward me.  If Ron would have left this alone the first time, by not calling to ask to remove my original post. I would not be wasting my time again after he picked up the torch a third or fourth time.  Please Ron, just go away, thank you very much.
5	I called Ron for a clogged drain that was backing up. He called back in an hour and came by and fixed it promptly. He was professional. I was very pleased and asked him his rates for other things and he gave me the prices. 10-15 minutes after he left, my wife told me, oh, I should have also fixed the input control to the toilet waterline. I called back Ron and he came back immediately and fixed it. He gave me a discount for this second job as he had not gone too far from my house.  I will call him again for any plumbing needs.
5	I was very impressed with Ron - I needed a quick rooter and scan in order to close escrow on a property I was selling and he was at the property within 15 minutes. I found his pricing to be very competitive and he completed all of the work efficiently. I look forward to working with Ron again!
5	Top Notch and trustworthy central Phoenix Plummer! We've used Ron twice for our home and would highly recommend him for his services. The most recent time I called on an early Saturday morning and he came by within an hour. I'm terrible with our garbage disposal and always end up clogging it. Usually my husband can fix but after cleaning our carpets with our Pet Vacuum I clogged up the pipes pouring the waste down the drain - ugghhh! Ron unclogged it within the hour at a reasonable price.
5	Ok, we have now used Ron (and Stephen) 9 times. Once again, we had some plumbing needs.  Called and again was not disappointed.  Prompt, very ethical and perfectionists as always.  Have used many plumbers in the many years in the past and will never call any other plumbers.  Thanks Ron and Stephen for, once again, saving us from a bunch of real headaches.
5	Ron was great.  We needed someone asap and he made himself available.  We needed him to come back a few days later and he was readily available, again.  He honored the 30 day warranty and was very personable and friendly.  We wouldn't hesitate to call him again in the future.
5	I called Ron on a second opinion about a toilet issue.  Not only did he offer the same day service, but he was able to fix the problem at a very reasonable rate!  Thank you Ron! :)
5	I am so happy I can hardly contain myself.  What an amazing find with Ron and Steven at $59 Rooter and Plumbing Service.  I had worked on clearing a sewer line for 2 days with no luck. Hired a handyman no luck, hired another rooter company, no luck, rented a snake, no luck, bought a hydrobladder, no luck.  Exhausted and broke I called Ron and was instantly put to ease as he explained what he would do and how inexpensive it was.  I had my doubts and assumed he would try to up sell me like the other company and man was I ever wrong.  He showed up a few minutes before we had agreed, on a weekend, and spent 15 minutes unclogging my sewer. I think he sensed my exhaustion and frustration and reset my toilet as a courtesy.  He was in and out in no time. No mess, no fuss and very very reasonable!  I will NEVER EVER use another plumbing company again! Thanks Ron and Steven
4	Used him a few months ago to clean out an outside drain..cost $120.  Scheduling was fast and he showed up on time.
5	We have only one bathroom in our house so when it stops up, we need it fixed fast!  Called Ron and within 20 minutes he was out to our house and had it fixed shortly after.   Price was as quoted considering it was a main line clog and not just a toilet or shower clog.  I was on a business call so did not get to chat with him very much but he was very friendly and I would highly recommend him!
5	Ron was great. I called him up around 8am and he was over by 11am. My girlfriend was home at the time (I was at work so I never met him) and said he was the sweetest man she has ever met! He helped us get all the junk unstuck from our sewage drain (which backed up into the bath tub.... Fecal water was in our bath tub!!!). Thanks to Ron, we are in a better position and our renters are happy with us! Plus, it was a very reasonable price.
5	Awesome service. Kept true to the quoted price and is glad to teach you how to repair it yourself next time. Did a great job, showed up early, worked fast.. what else could you ask for? Thanks guys!
5	Not much I can say here that has not been expressed in previous reviews. We had a clogged sink that unfortunately I was unable to resolve - I called Ron around 6am on Wednesday morning and he was at the house by 8am and the issue was resolved by 9am!Ron was very friendly, efficient, and affordable, he even gave me a few pointers on how to avoid potential future problems.I've def. found my guy for future home repairs in Ron's area of expertise. Thanks again Ron.
5	Ron is an awesome and honest Plumber. He quoted us $120. to rooter our sewer line and showed up within a couple hours and got the job done. We are so happy that we found Ron on Yelp because we had paid Mr. Rooter $263. and they did not clear our sewer line at all. They left us with a non working line and charged us for it. We highly recommend Ron and his business anytime for rooter or repair work. We will tell our friends and neighbors about the low price and quality service we got from $59 Rooter and Plumbing.Thanks again Ron for the great service. Sheri Owens
5	Had an issue with a dripping leak from my disposal unit and contacted Ron through the website on a Sunday NIGHT.  Ron not only got back to me the next day but was apologetic that he didn't get back to me that very night which I certainly wasn't expecting.  Ive dealt with several people coming to fix various things in my home, and Ron was by far the most professional and friendly out of every single one of them.  Figured out and fixed my issue pretty much immediately.  Very reasonably priced and overall a good guy.  Will absolutely use in the future should the need arise.
5	Called Ron, gave me a price of $59 to Auger my clogged toilets at my shop, Beck Racing Engine. Said he'd be right over and in 40 minutes he was! He said he could not guarantee results but was able to clear all three and they are now working great!Ron , Thanks again for your prompt & courteous service!
5	Another success from yelp!:-)  Ron came out right away and cleared our clogged sewer line. Price couldn't be beat. Won't hesitate to use him again if needed
4	Ron came to my house at 10pm because I had to be at work early the next morning and he fixed my problem in 30 minutes for $150.
5	Sunday morning, tub, toilet and kitchen sink back-up.  Not the best day of the week to have a plumbing problem.  So, I go to Yelp and find Ron's reviews and called him.  He called back within the hour and gave me a price and a time he could show up.  He showed up in the time frame he gave and completed the job.  I will definitely call him again if something goes wrong with the plumbing.  Excellent service!
1	UPDATE: Just received a call from Ron who says he wants to make things better after finding out I am unhappy with the service. Wow, gotta respect that! Will update soon...I am now stuck looking for someone to fix a large hole in my bathroom drywall and a second hole in my guest room closet. I had an initial rooter come out who explained that I needed someone to go into the wall behind the shower and that was beyond their services. The wall is unseen inside a closet so I figured no big deal. I explained this to both gentlemen I spoke to. After looking at my drain the gentleman insisted he needed to cut the hole right next to the shower in plain site in the bathroom, which I did agree to. But he didn't explain I'd have to hire my own separate drywaller after he was finished. And he still ended up going into the wall behind the shower to unclog the drain. They charged me 350.00 for this. When I agreed to the price I thought that they would complete the service. And since he didn't have the name of a drywaller, I have no idea who to get to patch the wall. There is also a second unpatched hole in my closet that needs a special type of "covering" that I will need to describe to the drywaller myself. I do not recommend these guys. I will not call them again.
5	Within 3 hours of my initial call to Ron, he came to the house, snaked my clogged shower drain, inspected the sinks and toilets, and charged only $59.00.  He delivered as advertised and did it in a timely manner. Kudos to Ron. I'll keep his business card on file for future reference.
5	Had a broken disposal and called around to several places. This place was the only place that was able to come out right away and they charged $75 less than the other places I called to install a new disposal. Would highly recommend them for your plumbing needs.
