5	Razz, the owner and chief chef, stands behind the bar and drinks wine with his patrons as the food is prepared in the open behind the bar.  If you get the opportunity, sit at the bar to eat.  The food is delicious, and Razz knows his wine.  The ambience is excellent.  The menu changes with time as new dishes are added, but the whole experience is a treat.
5	Having made it a passion to dine at the best restaurants in the Phoenix area, I have found Razz to be the best.  I have been going here for 5 years now and find it best to sit at the bar and let him cook for me whatever he wishes.  At the bar, the service is excellent and the ambiance is wonderful.  It is hard to discern which is more captivating, the chef or the food.  If one should choose to order from the menu, there is a vast array of excellent choices:  from the Portuguese clams to the duck, or the  bouillabaisse, the phenomenal specials...can't go wrong.This establishment is overlooked as the onslaught of newer, flashier, trendier, albeit inferior, and more expensive places take the attention.  One last note, it is closed in the summer because he travels around the world.  However, this can be good because he always brings back new, amazing recipes for the menu.  This is certainly a must.
5	It was grand opening night. The space is lovely and filled with great art every where you look. Razz and his wife were excellent hosts as if you were coming in to their home making sure everyone was having a good time. The service was impeccable. I guess this place is closed during summer months I had no idea this was even here I had no idea what to expect. The only complaint I have is there wasnt enough non meat options but I bet on a regular day the regular menu would have more to chose from.The Sepetember Wine Dinner as followsOxtail Hash with Truffle GlazeBaby mixed green bundle, toasted Macadamia nut vinaigrettePaired with Pouilly Fusse 04The presentation was so neat pics coming soon. I could not get enough of the greens and dressing.Scallop en Croute (The hugest scallop I have ever seen EVER) Seared with Fois Gras duxelle in pastry, roasted strawberry & rhubarb compote with a Mersault '04. This was so frikn good HELLO YUMGASM!!I didnt have the rest of the pairing but they seemed to go over pretty well. There was Veal Loin en Papillote steamed in a parchment bag with wild mushrooms, asparagus & morbier cheese and the main course was a Peppered Beef Tenderloin w french green beans & almonds, spinach pancake, roasted potatoes with garlic.. I didnt care for the pancake and I hate pepper and beef lol but the green beans were spectacular seriously the best I have ever had, I dont usually like garlicy things and the potato was awesome I didnt waste any. Pecan Sponge Pie with a bunch of different berries was totally heavenly. All in all I really cant wait to go back when I can pick what to try!! If you have the money to splurge you need to try this place fa sho!!
5	Everything was superb. It all blew me away. The wait staff was attentive to every need, the wine selection was very large, and most of all the food was to die for. There was nothing I had, from the appetizers, wine, main dish, and dessert that wasn't worthy of 5 stars. I do have to agree with others in saying that the price is better than other fine dining establishments that don't have as good of service, food, or presentation. . I had the Cashew and Rosemary encrusted Salmon (see pictures). The fish was perfectly prepared and melted in the mouth. It had a mildly sweet but rich sauce that complimented the richness of the fish. My date asked the chef to surprise him. He made him roasted duck with vegetables and new potatoes. We also had french onion soup as an appetizer and another appetizer not on the menu...both were amazing.The open kitchen made the experience unique, as you could see everything being prepared and plated. The owner was extremely gracious as he laughed and chatted it up with EVERY table in the restaurant. It was a very special experience. I can't wait to go back!
4	Parelez vous en francais? Moi aussi! Ok so I love the French but I usually don't do french because moi= vegetarian. I am not sure if this place is really considered french but the menu sure seemed like it to me. French Onion soup........done as well as it can be done. Perfect blend of onions and cheese....the best I've had in awhile. I will go back just to have it and to lick every spoonful of cheese off my spoon ever so seductively. Wine list= fabulous. Scallops= hmmmm I can't really remember because of that great wine I had which I forgot what it was called because I drank too much of it. But they were really good in some sort of lemon-y sauce. I loved the art for sale on the walls. I think because of all the wine I drank I almost bought the naked women tile on the back wall. Today I am glad I didn't buy it because it would clash with my decor. The only negative thing I have to say is that the table's kinda reminded me of a grandma's table.... could use some updating. The lovely art I thought did clash with the grandma's tables. Besides that... J'adore!!
5	Razz's is among my favorite places in the Valley. The food is impeccable, the wine list superb. I can't pick a favorite item, though I'm a sucker for the short ribs. FYI, I know Razz can do terrific vegetarian entrees, and according to the menu, they will create one for you on request. Razz's catered my wedding, and even I, a devout omnivore, opted for the meatless dish. Three years later, people still talk about the food at our wedding.
4	My first time at Razz last night with a group of 25. They really brought their "A" game to service us. I'm told that they are always busy...even on a Tuesday night. Hate going to a restaurant and it's 1/4 full. Scares me. This place was hoping and we added to it. The space is done just about right...contemporary and not pretentious. We had plenty of choice on entree's (not the whole menu) and with 25 people in our group...I think I saw the bulk of the menu. I had the Bouillabaisse and guest to the right had the halibut and to the left had the short ribs. Immpressive portion was my first immpression on my dish and others as well. The broth was light, not chunky and heavy, perfect consistency as this is a soup and not a stew necessarily. Well, it was cooked perfectly and seasoned well- flavors were subtle, no one flavor overpowered the soup, and the tomato base was light. I like a little more wine flavor coming through but was not disappointed. I wish I knew how to give a half star here because Razz is not at a 5 but it could get 4 stars here. Oops....salad, very imaginative, and combined 8 or 9 ingredients and again, the portion was very immpressive. They have a long life in the restaurant business, get there and enjoy.
5	great place for atmosphere and interesting food.     if you can, sit at the chefs table !      Razz, the chef owner, will continue to place spectacular food in front of you until you can not eat another bite.   He is guaranteed to entertain you through the entire dining experience.  One of the great chefs in the valley!Razz always offers interesting wines and amazing desserts!in scottsdale, this place is a must !!!
5	What??? This place is fantastic!! Like many others, I hesitate to write about it as it is such a little gem in the middle of strip mall hell and sometimes it is hard to get a reservation! But, Razz's is so special that I felt he was due a review! I have and will only eat at the Chef's Table as Razz is hilarious!! He is total entertainment and I just delight in everything he says and creates! So how this works...you sit down, tell him what you like, don't like, food allergies etc and what you want to drink...the rest is in his hands! He is totally accommodating for food allergies (which the GF BF loves!) and he has some great unusual wines at fair prices! And then the gluttony begins....course after course comes out of AMAZING food! Everything is superb and I am always painfully stuffed when I leave as I just want to see what he makes next! We have never had the same thing twice, which is something Razz prides himself in, and we really enjoy the whole experience! Finally, when you decide to throw in the towel (my record is 7 courses!), a fantastic desert assortment comes out just to finish off a fantastic meal! One thing to remember - don't eat the bread until he tells you it is okay! Razz does close down for the summer (leaves in May, returns in October) so be sure to try it before he is gone and always check their website as they often have great coupons available.  He also stays open late too!Love it!!!!
4	Razz is a real gem!This neighborhood charmer, offers a cozy atmosphere with a touch of class. Everything that came out of the kitchen was a work of art & delicious. The Tomato Vegetable Salad displayed well with a refreshing blend of textures and tastes. The entree vegetables were crisp and flavorful, delicately tied together in a beautiful display. My mango/berry sorbet was served in a unique wedge with a wonderful presentation of colors. The was a great way to finish off a delicious dinner.The display of art throughout the entire restaurant is very fun.Razz, I'll be back.
5	Our first time was at the season ending wine dinner. There was a set menu for the event each paired with a different wine. We were not disappointed. The table included some picky eaters who were nevertheless impressed. Wonderful halibut and salmon in delicious sauce, perfectly prepared, grilled shrimp and escargot, crisp duck and beef wellington, and a dessert cake (mango) with berries. Can't wait for them to reopen in fall to try the rest of the menu.
5	I have been remiss in not writing my review sooner; Razz's is now closed for summer.  I enjoyed the best meal I've ever had in my 7.5 years living in Phoenix at Razz's earlier this year.  I couldn't even tell you all the delicious things I ate now, but that's exactly the point.  I didn't order for myself - I sat at the bar and ordered the Chef's tasting menu.  Razz himself decided what he wanted us to have and stayed with us thoughout the entire meal.  He is quite the entertainer and a very interesting man, to boot.  He knows his food is good and he will certainly be happy to tell you!  The time he takes off during the summer he spends traveling the world and tasting food from all over, so he knows how his cuisine measures up.Don't let the strip mall location fool you - the inside is quite quaint and if you're going to spend the money to get a good meal in this town, turst me you won't be disappointed!
4	Four stars for the Phoenix area, probably only 3-3.5 in New York, for this 'Mediterranean' (whatever that means) upscale dining spot. One real blow-away item - the Duck Cake appetizer. This is like a Crab Cake,very tasty duck meat and no discernable filler. Would be a winner anywhere. The other appetizer we had was a very ordinary ceviche. My main course was a special that night, Short Ribs, very well cooked, tender and seasoned just right. But it was served over a clicheed  mound of mashed potatoes.  Add another star if Razz gets a little more inventive, polenta, or something more southwestern or Mediterranean. The other main course at the table was Double Roasted Duck. Since I like my duck breast rare, I didn't think double-roasting would do it. I was right. The skin was crisp, as advertised, but the meat was overdone and somewhat tasteless. Why not do a quick high-heat grilling to crisp and seal the skin, then a gentle roasting to medium rare. And why serve it already sliced, allowing whatever juices and flavor were there to escape? Do they think their duck is so tough, or their diners so dense, that it can't be cut by the eater? The service was friendly and helpful, the drinks were good, but the place wasn't packed for a Friday night. Maybe they all go for the  Buy one, Get one free Monday through Thursday  special. Check their website before you go.
5	we sat at the chefs table and i love the eye contact Razz makes. some people never look you in the eye and thats a huge pet peeve of mine. but razz locks eyes and i love it. i guess you could call me an eye-locking whore.Be sure to only eat at the chefs table and just let Razz decide what you're going to eat and drink.  the first course was like a crab cake w a curry sauce and carmelized ginger. on top of bitter greens. i can't even explain it other than it was like little angels dancing in my mouth. the 2nd course made me decide that if Razz cooks me seafood I will LOVE it. it was like red snapper with a sauce that i'm just going to call butter bc it was so good and light. and then the snapper was on top of a bed of beans that were to die for. i'm sure there was a great explanation but i couldn't hear Razz over my thoughts. the "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMs" and the "OHHHHHHHHs" going on in my head were very loud. I'm sure my eyes looked like they were going to pop out of my head.this is where things start to get blurry but i'm pretty sure our 3rd course was lobster, crab and some other shell fish in filo dough on top of a tomato, basil and garlic puree. it was soooo super tasty.next was my 2nd favorite course- it was oxtail on top of a queso crisp with an avocado relish. YUM! YUMMY YUMMMMMMMM!!!!!! 5th course- my least favorite- i learned that Razz can make me like seafood but he can't make me like duck. I was super adventurous and figured i'd probably like it but oh my gosh, sooooo not for me. 6th course- delicious rice mixed in with oysters...or was it clams? or muscles? you get the idea, right? whatever it was, i did not find a pearl in the middle.  it had a spanish flare. it was very good. i was pretty overwhlemed and stuffed beyond measure by this point so i can't remember. and i had a glass of wine and i'm a weak drinker so for me that means borderline drunk. last was dessert- it came with a slice of passionfruit cake (not my thing), a slice of a coconut type cake (super good) and a wedge of this very intense piece of chocolate (that was totally my thing). we were so super full we had to box it but it was tasty.I could be mixing everything up and saying it wrong but the important thing to know is that "anything made in this building is the best and everyone will like"- Razzon that note, i can't wait to go back!!!!! he was sooo fun to sit and eat with, definitely be sure to eat the chefs table. BTW- restaurants.com has a $100 gift card when you spend $200- which is SOOOO doable. we had 6 courses, plus dessert and 3 glasses of wine and our bill came out to $196.196-100  coupon____96  / 2 diners= about $50 per person plus tip.
3	four of us did the chef's tasting menu-- a totally spontaneous offerings given some parameters that you convey to your waitress at the git go: no pork, no goat cheese. the restaurant is located in a mall, the ambiance-- how does one explain it-- cozy, semi elegant, lo lit with a long bar on one side. four of  us took a seat at the corner where we could face each other. the four courses i remembered: a beggars purse, a fish, lobster, a chicken in crepe. quite good. i would love to try the regular menu next time.
2	I was disappointed. The ratings and reviews on Yelp raised my expectations for this place. If you're a local I can see the appeal. Great wait staff, personalized service, and the chef even mingled with the crowd. BUT if you're in town on business save yourself a trip. This place is just OK. I had the short ribs, which by the way some on Yelp raved about. Where I come from they'd call it pot roast. The calamari and shrimp appetizers were just average.
5	Thank you Razz and staff for a delightful meal tonight!  I've driven by Razz's Restaurant countless times over the years, and in addition to the glowing reviews on Yelp, my friend and former boss, Linda L, raves and raves about how Razz's is her favorite restaurant in the Valley.  So, after all of this time, I finally made it in - partially because of the convenient location, but mostly because I wanted to try something new.We had a group of six, and we were celebrating my mom's birthday.  I made an 8pm reservation and we waited just a couple of minutes when we arrived before we were seated at our table.  PJ was our waiter and took fabulous care of us.  Fresh bread and water were served promptly, and Jared chose a bottle of Argentenian Cabernet-Syrah blend  for the table...We shared the Baked Cheese in Phyllo, Crispy Calamari, and Bah Mie Goreng as appetizers... all were delicious.  The calamari had a unique creamy preparation and a major kick to it.  For entrees, three of us (including me) had the Arroz con Mariscos (Razz doesn't skimp on the seafood - this dish was huge and flavorful; kind of like a combination between paella and risotto).  My mom went with the shortribs (which I tried and fell in love with instantly), mom-in-law had a macadamia encrusted grouper special which was supposedly incredible as well, and Jared had the Chicken Scaloppini which he said was "off the charts!"Mom was given a complimentary birthday dessert which we all shared, and was the perfect sweet ending to our meal.  I didn't get a chance to chat with Razz but I will have to return and sit at the Chef's Table next time for sure.  And I can guarantee that "next time" will be sooner rather than later!
5	I have been telling my friends about this amazing gem since I started going there 12 years ago.  Razz is a true chef. Passionate about his food, full of life and incredibly fun to dine with at his Chef's table at the bar.  But I have to say, his Boulliabase is the best in town.  I crave it!  I also crave almost everything on the menu...the duck cakes are his signature and a must have for sure!  This intimate, art gallery dining room welcomes you everytime, as do Bobbie, Razz's wife and Razz himself.  Yummy!
4	oh wow. What an experience! My boyfriend and I went to Razz's for his birthday on the recommendation of a friend. Thank you Kimberly! The food was amazing and eating up at the bar with Razz himself was the best. We were originally sitting at the bar side of the tasting area, but they moved us over to the kitchen side of the tasting counter as soon as the party that was there left without a complaint! It was great being able to talk to Razz about the food as it was set in front of us and there was so much to talk about. From the amazing grouper belly with black beans and red miso, to the ox tail over polenta with avocado relish, to the seafood beggars pouch in philo with a spicy tomato cream sauce. Everything was delicious and the small tasting portions let you try all these amazing flavors without being uncomfortably full. The wine pairings were also amazing, and that's coming from someone who rarely drinks reds.All in all, a GREAT experience. I'm holding out on that 5th star for the price. Wish it was a little more affordable. The wines definitely pushed it over the edge.
5	Who would have thought that this hidden little restaurant in such a gross shopping center could be so good?  I drive by there daily and never knew it was there.  A friend introduced us and had us sitting at the bar. When sitting at the bar you get unlimited small portions of the best the chef makes and you just tell them when you've had your fill.  In our party the boys had 5 courses, I had 4. Our favorite dishes included fried stuffed squash blossom. It had a sauce with a little spicy kick.  I wanted to lick my plate.  Another fave was a corn cake with oxtail. Everything we had was unique, fresh and delish.  Apparently the chef closes down shop for the summer so don't try to go between June and Sept.  I can't wait to take more people there. Great food, wine and service in a rare little Scottsdale gem!
5	It's refreshing to see all the good reviews.  For a while, Razz wasn't getting any yelp love.  Just saw in the local paper that Razz was number one under 'best kept secret," hopefully that will change.  As I said before, so many of the restaurants in Scottsdale rely on image and gimmicks to draw crowds, subsequently closing once that particular fad fades away (see Canal, Digestif).  God knows how many trendy burger bars and sushi spots have sprang up in the last 5 years.  Luckily we have Razz.  He isn't afraid to create new combinations of flavors in textures, but he is level-headed enough to keep a strong foundation of tried and true techniques.  He's been doing so for 30 years.Besides, I have find any restaurant in the US that can create and pair sauces like Razz.  It's absolute art.
4	Razz has been around in the Valley since before I was born, but it was one of those places that I never had gotten around to trying until recently. I can see why he's been a mainstay of the city's dining scene for so long - his food is terrific, the atmosphere is pleasantly casual, the service is good (although not as "refined" as you might expect for that price point), and the prices are fair...not to mention that he's a great people person, working from his open kitchen, chatting with diners, and going around to greet his customers at their tables. Menu items change periodically, but the duck cake appetizer is a mainstay, and for good reason - it's a dish he's been making his whole career, and it's delicious! Is Razz's the standout it was before the likes of Binkley's and Noca opened? It's not, but his fans like it that way, as do the critics of the Republic, apparently, who named it the "Best Kept Secret."
4	It doesn't look like much from the outside.  Sandwiched between a great biker bar (if you're into that kind of thing) and an oriental rug mart, you may be wondering if you need to brush up on your bar fighting skills.  Oh contraire, mon freire.  Open the door to Razz's and you'll probably see a bar full of patrons, people eating and laughing, eclectic art on the amber hued walls, and Razz behind the open-kitchen bar.  With his thin, grey ponytail and snifter of scotch, Raz commands an audience.  ANd people line up to sit at the bar and watch him preare their food and entertain them with his charm and effortless command of his staff.We've eaten at Razz's a dozen times.  The food is always good. Except for the Seafood Beggar's Purse.  I personally believe that you shouldn't eat anything with the words beggar, dirty or dick in it.  So, skip the Beggars purse.  Everything else on the menu is well executed, if somewhat pedestrian.  Foie gras topped fillet is an orgasm in your mouth to be sure.  Macademia crusted halibut, with the flaky moist center send chills down my spine.  Now is it innovative; unique?  Not so much.  Is it delicious?  YES.For a restaurant in a strip mall, they have turned their space limitations into assets.  What could be a dark and dingy location has become a warm intimate space with the feeling of being invited to dine with a very wealthy friend.   There are several burgandy lined booths, with warm lighting and local art throughout the space.  The staff are gracious and attentive without being boorish.  You'll often see Razz's wife fluttering around the dining room (she has striking red hair) checking on diners.  They take care of their guests.
5	"Better than sex!"  That's what our guests said after taking one bite of the magnificent dinner that we had a Razz's Restaurant last night!It's hard to tell from the outside that this restaurant is a Scottsdale treasure, hidden away in a strip mall facing Scottsdale Road, and next door to a carpet store.  The first look isn't that exciting.  But after hearing rave reviews about them from multiple people, thought we would give them a try.Inside the restaurant is beautiful, luxurious, but not stuffy; comfortable, elegant and warm.  The wait staff were very attentive and professional as well.Three of us ordered one of the specials for the night, Braised Short Ribs.  OMG, these short ribs were to die for!  Melt in your mouth, the meat literally fell apart on the fork indicating it had been slow cooking for many hours.  The gravy was thick and rich and flavorful.  Served over a bed of home-made mashed potatoes, this dish was delightful.  We enjoyed every bite.  We also tried the French Onion Soup, and another appetizer, Baked Cheese in Phyllo; both were magnificent, fresh, and absolutely delicious.  Then came the dessert menu.  There were about a dozen to choose from including chocolate trifle, chocolate creme brulee, and mixed berry creme brulee.    They also have a dessert sampler plate.  We all had creme brulee and it was heavenly.  The chocolate was rich and creamy, with a deep flavor of dark chocolate, garnished with fresh berries.  We savored every bite.  This is an excellent place to take a date, or to go to for a nice business dinner, or just go when you want to enjoy every bite.Most highly recommend.
1	I read a lot of great reviews so we tried it. I was not impressed.This is definitely an older crowd (50+) and it seems they cater to that crowd. The food was small portions for the high cost, and the flavors were not all that great. The sweet breads were chopped up and drowned in sauce so you could barely taste the breads. I did not even think they were what we ordered.I would not spend my money here, especially at their prices.
5	Been coming here for years. Razz is an incredible chef with an incredible flair for making exquisite foods and soups.  The desserts are incredible as well. Everything is made fresh to order. You can even sit up a bar where they cook the food right in front of you. Great place to bring a date.
3	After the reading the yelp reviews, I came expecting excellent food.  I found the food very rich.  The food with fruit sauces (such as the duck  breast), was too sweet.  Lots of chocolate-based desserts.  The mousse is nice -- has a chocolate/cherry flavor.  The wine list is very over-priced, but has some nice wines on it, including one of my favorites, Bacio Divino.  Razz himself is a kick.  Very sociable and lots of fun.  The food just didn't quite live up to the arty atmosphere and Razz's personality.
4	We had dinner here last night. Bought a Groupon about a month ago and was a little nervous about the reception when we advised our server. Anyway, called for reservations and Razz answered the phone-very nice--so far so good. My partner and I arrived and the host was welcoming. Our server arrived to ask if we wanted a drink--I mentioned it was our first time, and.........we had a Groupon......no problem. The restaurant was already over 50% full at 6:30--mixed crowd, def not "old" as another posted. We ordered a starter that was a "stuffed shrimp" something but what arrived was deep fried sliced for service shrimp tasting but not exceptional; the sauce was flavorful--price $14.95 I would not order that again. For our main dish I ordered the short ribs and my partner the osso bucco. Both had great flavor and tasty mashed potato base--good portions. Unfortunately the side vegetables didn't spend enough time in the steamer--way undercooked. I would def get the short ribs again-tender and tasty. Same for the osso bucco. Price for each was $28.95. Had a glass of wine each at $10/glass--nice selection but be advised, most wine is $12/glass and up. Pricey bottles. Overall we liked Razz's and would likely go back-but we would not race back. Give it a try on either a Groupon or Razz's website has a coupon for an entree during the week. Enjoy!
3	I really wanted to like this place. In fact, when asked by my Husband where I wanted to go to dinner this past Saturday night, I picked Razz off my list of "must try" restaurants. The only problem with that was Razz left us with a lot less money and still hungry, which is NOT my favorite way to spend a Saturday night. For a 4.5 star restaurant on Yelp, I really expected more. The decor in the restaurant was ok. I would have preferred to sit at the bar, as it looked more "happening" then the part of the restaurant we sat at. Our table was lopsided and it was hard to cross your legs because the table was low (just a couple minor things). Our waiter was clearly trying to up-sell us on everything, but it was hard to choose items because we were observing passover and couldn't eat bread. When we got our two meals both of us felt they were tasty (short ribs and duck), but not worth the $80 price tag the meal cost us. We didn't get any drinks, nor appetizers, just two entrees and water for $80, and to top it off the portions were SMALL. I am a small person, who watches what I eat, so rarely do I finish a meal when we are out, but at Razz, I had to, just to attempt to get my money's worth. With that all being said, I don't think we will be back to Razz anytime soon.
5	Simply wonderful. Razz is quite possibly one of the most gracious chefs in the valley. His establishment is exactly what casual fine dining is about. Pricey? Yes. Delicious? Absolutely. And imaginative as well. The crowd was mixed in age and from the chatter overheard around us, quite knowledgable in the culinary arts. The waitstaff were all very kind and helpful, and not a single sour look was given when we presented our Groupon. The decor in general feels a touch dated, but in a comfortable way.Our five course tasting menu was fantastic right from the start. We sat at the Chef's table portion of the bar where Chef Razz promptly introduced himself and presented us with a crab stuffed squash blossom settled in a curried broth with rhubarb compote. Our second course, a lightly seared flounder atop black beans with candied ginger was a tasty surprise. Following that was a red wine braised beef tongue on a cheese corncake. And then came the reason I'll be returning. A decadent seafood mac and cheese. Plump chunks of lobster and shrimp awash in a savory 5 cheese blend. Comfort food at its finest. Ending up our meal was a combo of duck confit with bacon/nopales reduction and an italian meat and cheese filled crepe with pomodoro chile sauce. And the passionfruit pistachio layer cake is not to be missed for dessert.All throughout the meal, Razz was happy to answer any of our questions and made us feel quite at home and welcome. An altogether wonderful dining experience.
5	We were in town visiting a friend this weekend and he took us to Razz's for dinner.  He insisted on sitting at the chef's table and that was clearly the right move!  Razz is entertaining, personable, and presents each couse to you as it arrives.  I can not speak to the a la carte menu, but the chef's tasting experience was great!  They keep bringing you small plate courses until you cry "uncle!"- which we finally did around the 9th course.  Yes, I lost count.I started with a sidecar cocktail and it left much to be desired.  Once we switched to wine life was good.  We had a halibut course with ginger that was to die for- we all agreed that it was the best one!When we are back in Scottsdale we will be at Razz's again!!
5	I am so grateful I bought the groupon for Razz's and I got to experience this place.  This is such a great spot and I totally wish I had found it earlier.  For appetizer I had the crab and lobster stuffed squash blossom which was actually two of them and it was laid over a yellow curry sauce.  They were very good had me excited for the meal to come.  I ordered the beef short ribs as my main course paired it with the Hahn Meritage Red which went perfectly together.  The short rib was cooked perfectly it was pretty much melting as my fork was cutting through it.  The potato's that it was sitting on soaked up the red wine sauce on the plate and made for the perfect bite.  I would have loved to have dessert but after all I had ate I was stuffed so I can't say if anything was good or not but the menu looked great there were several options I wanted to try.  Overall this place is great I will sit at the Chef's table next time and if you go on the website there is a coupon for buy one get one free entree during the weeknights which can help out on the bill.
5	There are so few restaurants that deserve a 5-star rating, but Razz is undoubtedly one of them.  While the exterior of the building appears nondescript, the interior is tastefully decorated and replete with artwork hanging on the walls.  We always make a reservation to sit at the chef's table and everything we've ever had has been phenomenal.  My husband and I have very diverse tastes and are willing to try just about anything, but I can honestly say that beef tongue is probably not something that we would ever have ventured to taste had it not been served to us here.  It's now one of our favorite dishes, as is the "macaroni and cheese" with lobster and crab meat. The wine selection is great as well and we typically ask Razz to recommend a bottle and have never been disappointed.  It's so clear that Razz is an incredibly talented chef who is doing what he loves to do!  The restaurant does close over the summer so we will be eagerly awaiting its reopening in the fall to try some more of Razz's amazing creations.
4	Chef's Table was a stitch! I sound like an old lady using that descriptor and I suppose, to many, I am -- but what modern word best includes captivating and amusing? Anyway, thanks to Samantha O.'s advice, I made a reservation for the Chef's Table, which basically means you sit at a bar top that faces the kitchen area where you are greeted by the chef who is swirling his frothy Glenlivet, personable and cheerful and cranking out items to dazzle palates. He'll ask if you have any foods you can't eat and then he'll just start plopping plates in front of you. One course at a time. Mostly small plates. $10 per course. Cry uncle when you want him to stop. You can also take a break. Don't miss the impressive dessert sampler - be sure to save room. House wines are fantastic! Totally worthwhile experience!!P.S. Thanks for the pointer, Samantha O. You're my hero! :)
5	Exquisitely crafted meals that won't leave you disappointed, nor hungry afterwards!  I tried the squash blossom appetizer, which was cooked perfectly, had great flavor, with a nice crispy, crunchy breadcrumb batter.  The fish of the day was grouper, which was crusted with hazelnuts.  Again, cooked perfectly, with great crunch to the crust.  The meals themselves, while pricey, will definitely leave you full, and the presentation of the dishes is very nice.The one thing that is weird (And not part of the Groupon agreement I thought) is that they will automatically add 18% tip to your bill if you are a Groupon user.
5	A true owner operated gem in Scottsdale all because Razz knows and cares.  He is an amazing chef who is fearless and cooks and entertains seamlessly throughout the evening.  His food is wonderful and complex with many layers of flavors and ingredients you will often not find elsewhere.  He loves food and wine and his place reflects this.  The best and only tip I can give you is to sit that the bar (chef's table) and do the tastings meal.  He will bring out small plates one after the other until you are full.  Of if you are like me, till bursting!  The last time I dined there with a group I asked Razz for a Pinot Noir recommendation and he steered us toward the cheapest in his lot.  He was correct in that it was an amazing wine but this goes to show his style, honestly and integrity.  His food is the same way.If you are into art he has an amazing selection.  You could have fun just walking about the place.  The atmosphere is great and it usually has just the right amount of people there.  Everyone seems to know Razz. Great place, great chef.  Thanks Razz!
4	Wanted to take my honey out for her birthday, and noticed a special on travel zoo! Even though my wife is not much about going to a more "classier" restaurant, I was able to talk her into it!! So we put our good clothes on and applied our good perfume or cologne and made our way out to Scottsdale. We arrived about twenty minutes early, but we were seated within minutes. We ordered the chicken scaloppini, and the special of the day Steak and mashed potatoes. We also had the baby mixed green salad. We both loved the salad, especially the roasted garlic vegetable dressing. The steak was cooked to perfection, mashed potatoes were excellent, I actually enjoyed the steamed vegetables. The chicken was alright, since the wife does not like mushrooms, we asked to use a different sauce. I would have loved to try it with the original mushroom sauce!!! Overall we had a different experience we normally do not have, we enjoyed it very much. I am glad my wife had a great time, I knew I was taking a chance but it was worth it. Thanks Razz! For a great time! The only reason we did not give a five star rating was based on the amount of time waiting for our waiter. Even though everyone were very nice, our waiter was very slow on replenishing our water and soda! Yes I said soda! I would come here more often, but it would have to be from a special or coupon.
3	I appreciate that Razz is there and obviously cares.  However, the macadamia encrusted grouper, which was one of the specials, was vintage cruise ship.  The fish was a little too done and served with garlic mashed potatoes--completely uninspired.    A rosoto accompaniment would have helped an otherwise bland dish.  My wife ordered the bouiillabaisse which was okay but served without crustinni--a crime.  The fish in the bouillibaisse was also overcooked.  Razz may be a great guy but his food has no game, judging from my experience.
2	On a last minute invite, I had the good fortune of being invited to Razz's four-course prix fixe New Year's Eve dinner by a fellow Scottsdale foodie and Yelper. I looked at the menu, and my heart skipped a beat or two. Yes, please! Yet the promise of a mouthwatering French/Cajun meal, was disappointing--especially for a meal for two that totaled nearly $200 without alcohol. My starter, a king crab/shrimp cocktail was standard to say the least. Two prawns and a tiny piece of king crab. Really? The soup course consisted of a vegetable lobster soup. I was expecting any bisque (my mistake), but it was a tomato based seafood broth that actually lacked any real meat. I'm not one to shy away from the salt, but it "tasted like the ocean," as a fellow dinner commented. I actually think my tongue was numb after eating half the bowl (couldn't take any more than that). My entree was a bouillabaisse which I truly believe used the SAME exact broth as my soup course. Some of the shellfish were nicely done, but overall the fish was overcooked, and so "fishy" that I couldn't finish the plate. As a dessert, I chose the fruit and nut roll, which was a combination of baklava and an egg roll. Eh, for a french restaurant they could have upped the game. While overall I felt the food was uninspired, and I truly made some ordering errors, the greatest crime of the night was the service. The waiter was visibly annoyed when I failed to order a glass of water after pursuing the wine menu--sorry, but nothing struck my fancy.  I asked for recommendations for a combination of choices that would "flow" nicely. His response? "Just order whatever sounds good. I don't know what would work well together."  After I received my soup course I realized that it was JUST LIKE a bouillabaisse broth and quickly requested to change my entree. Nope--already cooking. I'm sorry, but that's unacceptable. He NEVER once returned to check on our entree or dessert course. In fact, we didn't see him again until the bill came--which was a complete disaster. Six couples attended the dinner. After finishing the meal, the server returned to drop the bill. Apparently they don't split checks. I understand the added challenge of splitting a check, but if that's your standard policy write it clearly on the menu, or let us know before the meal is served. When we brought this issue to the server's attention, he commented, "Well you should have asked." I'm sorry my friend, you should have told us. The manager provided little more assistance. Eventually, it was agreed that we would all mark our orders on the bill so they would know how much to charge each credit card. Forty five minutes later we were on our way. I guess good service isn't required when they automatically add an 18% gratuity. I'm not cheap tipper, but I do expect some level of service. Razz's failed on every occasion. In all fairness, some of my dining companions did have memorable meals. The lamb was succulent, the escargot had a creaminess that is the hallmark of perfect cooking, and the lobster crab cake in a pear/curry sauce took the award for best and most innovative dish of the night. While there were some culinary high notes, I can assure you that I will not be returning to Razz's anytime soon.
5	The best of the best in the greater Scottsdale area. Try the "Tasting Menu".  Razz will ask you about allergies and dislikes and then just start bring you course after course till you tell him to stop. Four or five courses and they will have to roll you out the door. I've done this on 6 or 7 different visits now, never had a duplicate item and never had anything that wasn't absolutely outstanding.
5	Make sure to sit at the chef's table. It's quite an experience! Here you sit at the bar facing the kitchen and the chef himself, Razz! They bring you small plates (priced at $10 a plate) until you tell them to stop. Both times we went, we stopped after 4 courses and then had the dessert (which was $20 for the shared plate and consisted of 3 "slices" of different desserts). I'd say the best part of the meals are the sauces - absolutely amazing! We made sure to have bread on hand to soak it all up. Each course is different from the next, and all of it is scrumptious! If you want a quicker meal, I'd say to get an earlier seating (6pm), as we were out in an hour. Last time, I believe we had an 8pm seating, and it was more crowded by then. Enjoy!
2	We didn't have a very good experience at Razz's. Maybe Razz wasn't having a good night because he was shouting at one of his staff members at one point and was excruciatingly loud then and with some of the guests at the bar. So, point one; if you're looking for quiet intimate dining, skip Razz's....More importantly, the food, especially considering the high prices, was disappointing to say the least. My wife had a fish special (Sea Bass) that was overcooked and dry. The contrast of raw accompanying vegtables made for a terrible combination.I had the Bouillabaisse ($29). I'm no chef, but have done enough cooking to know that if you heat shrimp in hot sauce for more than 3 minutes, you get little rubber balls. For some reason, Razz and/or his staff doesn't know this. The only reason for the two stars is that the rest of the dish (mussels/clams that are somewhat resistant to overcooking) including the broth was tasty.If it weren't for the groupon that mitigated the bill......I'd Really be upset.I think there are much better experiences for fine dining in the valley....
4	I ordered Twice Roasted Duck Breast and it was very tender. The sweet sauce underneath the duck made my meal became more tasty. The tropical smoothies with lime was very good too..Finally we had Venezuelian Chocolate Pete as our dessert. It has a twist of rum in it and it was very rich..Before I left, I went to talk with Razz about Indonesian food that he put in as one of the appetizers. He was very friendly and nice. He talked about his next visit to Indonesia to see the Orang Utan :)
1	Steak "special" was 80% fat and lacked flavor, mussels undercooked, pasta overcooked, garlic mashed potatoes that set your mouth on fire, subpar service... Save your money
4	I had dinner here last week and loved the food.  I had red snapper in a crunchy crust, mashed potatoes, veggies, watermelon salsa.  This was not on the menu as it was their special of the day.Now, I know many people will question the watermelon salsa but I love different salsas which are very hard to find anywhere in the AZ area.  I have had pineapple, papaya, mango, and many other fruit based salsas but never had the watermelon before.
3	Razz will fall into the category of restaurants that I tried because of a Groupon ( and hence didnt feel the pinch on the wallet) , had a good time, enjoyed the food, service and ambience ..and yet will not become a regular anytime  soon. I had the lamb chops and my friend had the duck. While the duck was quite good, the lamb was the star. However, the menu is certainly very limited .i dont  remember what i had for dessert which probably tells you how I felt about it ;) Certainly go try it once so you can check ' new place tried' to do for the month.
5	I have to hand it to my husband.  I'm the Yelper, yet he managed to find a place for my birthday that I did not even have bookmarked.  As we pull into the strip mall, I'm thinking "Oregano's? Really?"  But it was Razz's!  And the Chef's Table (more like a counter) to boot!  Be prepared to get to know those next to you as seating is very tight though.  As many small plates you can handle (I handled 7, thank you) for $10 a pop.  One of my favorites was the seafood beggar's purse with a red chili sauce, but truthfully, I loved all but the last (I really never know when to quit).  Several of the dishes incorporated southwest flavors which is a huge plus for me, too.  And Razz was a delightful host assisting us with wine selections to complement the varied menu.Would definitely do this again, but maybe with fewer courses.  By the time 7 rolled around, I was rolling around.
5	My favor restaurant! My husband and I, are going to Razz for many years. Razz is an exceptional chef. He's serving the most sophisticated food. The staff is very friendly and professional and Janel is the best bartender! She always remember what we drink and her mix drinks are the best:)
5	First time here last night, although I have heard about it for years. Eclectic patrons for sure. Which is a nice change of pace. The service was outstanding! Thank you! The lamb beyond rock star! The bouillabaisse was decent, could have used more varieties of fish and a smidge of wine and depth, however I finished the whole bowl. The chocolate creme brulee was simple and decadent. I loved that I had my 11 year old daughter and they did not blink an eye. However, she can decipher any menu and order her own meal accordingly. She said their lamb ranks in the top her  2 in the valley. It is a sweet sexy people watching get to know your neighbor ( if you want) or it can be your lust-full off beaten spot. I may get a driver (tinted windows and all) just to take me out of my hood to hang here. It made me want get to know the regulars, so they think I'm one. Do I think he could get a bit complex? Yes. But then again, simplistic ingredients with mind provoking art, a warm atmosphere and a chef and his wife with passion..all day long! I'm just sorry I did not try it sooner. After reading their story a few minutes ago and their passion for charity...I may beg them to be my friend! Good peeps! Hands down!
3	On the recommendation of several friends who love this place, we tried it last friday evening. It was not exactly what we desire in dining, mostly because I can not have wheat due to an anti-inflammatory diet that I must follow strictly and many of the dishes and appetizers are wrapped in filo dough, pastry dough or breaded with panko crumbs.  The ambiance was o.k., although my chair had weak legs that wobbled. The staff was courteous and the wine selection was fair. I would recommend this place to people who don't have food sensitivities, they would definitely enjoy it.
1	Good food, bad service or actually no service.  We never saw the server after we ordered our food.  No water refills, wine that was ordered never arrived.  Also you have to get your clothes dry cleaned as the greasy smoke from the kitchen permeates the whole restaurant.
5	11/30/12I've wanted to visit Razz's Restaurant for YEARS, but could never get the timing right.  I met the owner/chef years ago and would occasionally see him where I work, so I kept telling myself to go have dinner at Razz' soon.  It's part his fault, really, since he keeps changing his business hours throughout the year. Nowadays, his resto is open for dinner on Tuesdays through Saturdays and closed on Sundays and Mondays.  For two or three months in the summer, he closes shop and visits Europe, and then comes back and opens on Fridays and Saturdays for a couple of months before operating full-on for five days starting around October, but don't quote me on this, as I'm a bit hazy on the details.What I am not hazy on, though, is that the food I had here rocked!  While on break at work, I decided that tonight would be the night to try Razz'.  I called up around 630p to make reservation plans for 830p, but said that I most likely will show up earlier.  "Would that be a problem?," I asked, and he said no.  He asked if I would like to sit at the bar/counter, and I asked if I could just be seated somewhere quiet, since I work in a very noisy environment all day, so he said he'd seat me at a booth...Wasn't too hard to find parking, and I finally found out why the place looks deserted from the outside--the "front" really isn't a front, but just a blacked-out window, and the entrance is in the back.  The restaurant is larger than I expected it to be, and I found the interior to be very inviting and, dare I say, almost seductive?  I liked some of the paintings that graced the walls, and some just didn't fit in with the rest.  I'd have to say that these "off" paintings must've been the ones for sale.  (I read on Razz' website that local artists' have works on display.)One of the two hiccups during tonight's service was my first serving of bread, which arrived slightly cold and not as fresh as I would've liked.  No matter, as I ate the crispiest of the crusts, and left the rest in the basket and asked for a second batch http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=wMHMwYLfMh1v9Ens1XxE-Q#wMHMwYLfMh1v9Ens1XxE-Q, explaining my fetish of eating just the warm/hot crusts to my server, who willingly obliged- I love that!  I also asked if I could sample a couple of reds before settling on a glass of wine.  The answer again was "yes, of course."  I felt like dancing, because I felt like I was getting great service!  A man arrived shortly to assist me in finding the right red, so I asked him if he was a sommelier.  He said no, but that he will try to answer any questions I might have.  After a few questions I had on the cabs and a blend (nothing too dry, please!), he suggested I try a sample of the Barra Mendocino pinot noir '09 ($15/glass), and I loved it, and so I ordered a glass to go with one of the four dinner specials that night, the Peppered NY strip with mashed potatoes, a sub of sauteed greens, and fried onion strings on top, $30.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=Oped4Oy1UNJbQQMdKubWoA#Oped4Oy1UNJbQQMdKubWoA  I asked for it to be cooked medium (pink throughout), but it was a bit on the rare side... I still enjoyed it very much, though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=D8vynNUfwYSNgupa4nLvvQ#D8vynNUfwYSNgupa4nLvvQ  I must warn you that this was indeed pepper-encrusted, so if pepper isn't your thing, you might want to opt for something else.  The second hiccup of the night was that, while I mentioned an allergy to mushrooms, I thought I detected something that looked like mushrooms on top of the steak, but these pieces didn't have the feel of 'shrooms.  I'd say they reminded me of water chestnuts, but a server confirmed that they were truffles, which also made me a bit wary, since truffles are similar to 'shrooms... I decided I'd avoid any more bites of these for the time being.  The mashed potatoes were buttery-smooth and chunky at the same time- I always try to control myself when it comes to white potatoes, but these were hard to stay away from, and the greens had a lovely dark-green color to them, were melt-in-your-mouth, but had a nice crisp at first bite, and they tasted tantalizingly of roasted peanuts, even though I was told that Razz' does not use any peanuts in any of the dishes here.  The fried onion strings just added even more fun to this dish (the more textures, the better, I say), and I was loving every bite!For dessert, I settled on the Triple chocolate torte http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/K64Uw3a2Enh2MznpwRHWKQ?select=yykeweLCsZcFrDdmivd8gw#yykeweLCsZcFrDdmivd8gw and a cup of brewed coffee.  Again, this course was exquisite!  It packed quite a punch of cacao, yet wasn't too rich- together with the coffee, I almost ate the entire slice!I shall return soon, and next time, I'm sitting at the counter!
5	Definitely pricey, but everything we had was well prepared and very tasty. It is in a strip mall that locals would probably pass by for this caliber of restaurant, but don't be a geographic snob, Razz's is wonderful. I have to specially compliment the service - Paul our waiter managed to be on top of every need while being unobtrusive - a service level I usually only see at Ocean Club or with a waiter in a tuxedo. I read the other reviews and would disagree that the service was bad (which can fluctuate on any night) but the kitchen odors were periodically stronger than should be expected... they need a new vent fan! The baked cheese appetizer was divine and highly recommended. We would definitely go again, and as local restaurant snobs, that's saying a lot - the competition is fierce!
5	This is a hidden gem. The great company might influence a little bit in the rating but it deserves every single star.The place has a great ambiance with artwork all over the place. An open kitchen with the chef cooking and greeting the guests.The service was really good and the bathrooms clean (which, at least for me, is pretty important).The booth were I sat was unexpectedly deep/plush although very comfortable.The house pinoit noir was meh, but no complains. The starters were terrific. Ceviche was tasteful and a nice portion. Ba Mie Goreng was also super tasty. We shared both dishes so a couple of extra shrimp would be appreciate (I'll ask next time for extra shrimp to have 2 per person).Finally I ordered a special, the short rib. It was delicious. Maybe too big of a serving but that's OK. Next time I might order more dishes to share since the entrees are pretty big.BTW, the desert was normal size, which is always appreciated!Definitely a must.
3	The setting is charming. Our server was competent.The issue we had was with the food.Ordinary ,at best,and at worst ,over priced.we were a party of our ,and not one of us could rave about our respective dishes.I ordered their rice dish,which was described as paella like.Simply not true.It was uninspired, and tasteless.My wife ordered bouillabaisse, her reaction was the same as mine.
4	We've had dinner here several times and enjoyed it very much. Unique flavors. Im not one to keep going back to same restaurant unless the food is really good. You can also do a sampling that the chef prepares via reservations and sitting at bar. Whats preventing 5 stars is that on Our last visit though, the smoke from grill filled the restaurant and was burning my eyes and did not seat us where we requested via reservations. Need to invest in another exhaust.
2	Razz having a scream fest with his daughter at the dinner counter did not add to our enjoyment on a previous visit.
4	Walked in on a Thursday night with out a reservation. They were completely packed, however, two seats were open at the "Chef's Table", as an earlier reservation failed to show up. Sitting at the Chef's table (counter) allows for interaction with Razz as he describes each of the 6 servings. Razz enjoys interacting with people and has a quick laugh. Each serving, while small in size, by the end of the night, makes for a filling meal. Razz mentioned that he has a high percent of repeat business. No wonder as the food is great and Razz makes you feel most welcome.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in all of Phoenix area, but you have to sit at the chef's table.  My wife and I spend every birthday dinner with Razz.  He is a character behind the bar and enjoys a good scotch while he cooks for you.  Each course gets better and better.  Most of the time, 80% of the tastings are new, so it is always a fresh experience.  The food is amazing with some amazing sauces.  Do yourself a favor and eat here, but call and request dinner at the bar with the Chef.  He rocks and the food rocks!  The wine selection is usually by smaller vineyards that are hard to come by and great price points.
5	Wow! We were just there and I'm thinking about going back again tomorrow.  Seriously, they had a squash blossom stuffed with dungeoness crab, shrimp, sausage and manchego cheese.  It must be laced with something addictive, because I can't wait to get my hands on more.  Equally as delicious was the duck breast with Lingonberry sauce.  Wow! Done to perfection.  Hubby had the short rib special and it melts in your mouth.  We actually had a Groupon, but we will go back for sure, because even at full price, it's worth every penny. Service and wine was impeccable too.
5	I went here for my birthday with my guy pal.   We decided to give it a try cause I have the Passport Unlimited card, and it seemed to get good reviews on Yelp.  So why not.  WOW!!!   Was I ever pleasantly surprised.   I had the Bouillabaisse.   Lots of seafood and the broth was out of this world.   Would I LOVE to have the recipe for the broth!!   I'd make it.   My guy had the Cashew Nut Encrusted Salmon.   Of course, I tried it.   I'm not a real salmon lover, but the crust on the salmon was absolutely delish.   It was on a bed of, I think, mashed potatoes and greens.   If I was going to eat salmon, that's how I'd want it fixed.   I'm taking my daughter there.   I love, love, love the food!   If I could give it more than five stars, I'm so there.
5	This place rocks. Period.The food's presentation, temperature, freshness and of course taste is fantastic.  I ordered the pan roasted duck, and my wife had the tenderloin.  For an appetizer, we shared lobster crab cakes, and for dessert we had an amazing torte.  Everything was great, and the service was top notch!  A special thank-you to Groupon for bringing us in here.  We'll be back for sure!
3	Celebrated our 20th anniversary at Razz's---first time visit.  Sat at the bar.  I had the tasting menu----one tasty little morsel after another was placed before me.  I ate several plates past my comfort level!  DH had the Thai spiced pork medallions and he said it was the best Thai he had had since we left California many moons ago.  I hope we will visit again soon, although there are so many intriguing restaurants in the area....
5	I visit Phoenix about once a year to visit family.  My brother's favorite restaurant is Razz's and I always look forward to my visit because it is more than just eating.  I was impressed when I first walked in because I could see a lot of good art on the walls and thought, "Good for Razz, he supports local artists."  Then I discovered that some of the intriguing art was actually created by Razz himself!  The food is also artfully created and presented.  Because everything looked good and pleased my palette, I started taking tastes from my brother's plates.  I'm afraid I can't even remember what dishes we ordered; but I loved them all and can only say, "You can't go wrong."  I'm not much of a drinker; but actually enjoyed the house wine.  If he is not too busy, meet Razz and enjoy his lively banter and cheerful personality.  One major sign of his excellent restaurant is that he can close for a couple of months to travel around the world and still return to feed his many faithful customers who  eagerly await his return.Sitting here in the Bay Area in CA, where we also have wonderful restaurants, I am getting hungry just thinking about my culinary adventures at Razz's.  Carolina Juarez
4	For my 1700th review, I'm writing about Razz's.  Thanks to Groupon, we've been able to enjoy Razz's Restaurant twice.  Located in an older shopping center on Shea & Scottsdale Rd, I recommend that you make advanced reservations and that you request a table away from the windows if it's during the hot months.  The reason is because the tables near the windows are very hot and the AC here is inadequate because it's an older building with inefficient insulation.Now, on to the food and drink....during our 2 visits, we ordered:Parmesan Encrusted Pork Tenderloin, $25.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=_JHsWz6QExzzb0AA1EnFVA#_JHsWz6QExzzb0AA1EnFVAPeppered New York Strip, $32.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=oBcMb5p-hvyYty1cnUMV1A#oBcMb5p-hvyYty1cnUMV1AMixed Greens Salad, $10.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=dC5ZAKSQQZ9Elhvngs2iLg#dC5ZAKSQQZ9Elhvngs2iLghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=rPW_HwkpUZ5Bu4fRW6KLig#rPW_HwkpUZ5Bu4fRW6KLigPietra Santa Merlot, $48http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=hls4h8s8ve_f0F-V8ksaQA#hls4h8s8ve_f0F-V8ksaQAHahn Meritage, $60Crespelles, $14.95Grilled Rack of Lamb Chops, $38.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=W1f-8cJo9etFxHqTCa_9Pw#W1f-8cJo9etFxHqTCa_9PwPan Roasted Duck Breast, $26.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=1HJTB9Obc8QtMtNrZwfz3A#1HJTB9Obc8QtMtNrZwfz3APraline Hazelnut Torte, $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=6oN1CA-kP7F01Tl304S9ZQ#6oN1CA-kP7F01Tl304S9ZQTriple Chocolate Torte. $8http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=72impFT4NM8YAheeriXDlA#72impFT4NM8YAheeriXDlAWhere do I begin?  Hmmm...well, the Mixed Green Salad is awesome. They have a house dressing that's to die for and goes well with the fresh vegetables.  A perfect way to start a meal.  I ordered on both visits, it's that good.The Peppered NY Strip Steak was nothing to write home about....very average.  However, the Parmesan Encrusted Pork Tenderloin is A-W-E-S-O-M-E!  It has a perfect combination of sweet and meaty flavor to it....well done Razz, well done!  The Pan Roasted Duck Breast and Grilled Rack of Lamb Chops are also fantastic!  We enjoyed 3 out of the 4 entrees we had over the 2 dinners....great job team Razz!For Dessert we had the Praline Hazelnut Torte and the Triple Chocolate Torte.  Both were very good.The Wine we had on both nights was spectacular and went well with our dinner.  They offer a decent selection of Wine.The restaurant also doubles as an art gallery, so you can find paintings on the walls for sale....if that's your gig.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/razzs-restaurant-and-catering-scottsdale?select=WoHdKk0R4Mip-GdlUe_Z2g#WoHdKk0R4Mip-GdlUe_Z2gWe didn't realize that the kitchen was actually right in front of the bar seats, so the bar seats are premium seats because you can watch Razz and the team cook...Razz will also come up and greet you if you're sitting at the bar.  However, since we didn't book reservations in advance, those seats were taken on both nights we visited.  If we come back, we'll try to book a couple of seats at the bar.Return Factor - 90%
3	The food was pretty good, but overpriced and the portions were a little small.  When we went last Saturday night, we were about the youngest people in the restaurant, and we are middle-aged. I think the place is tired and resting on long ago earned laurels.  And, my paella had cream in it. What is up with that?
5	Ok. Here's my take on Razz's: if you go with a group and sit at a table you will find the staff great and it's an enjoyable meal at a fine restaurant. In fact, you will find the food is fine dining and the restaurant is a hole in the wall looking place. BUT!!!! The treat about eating here is sitting at the kitchen bar and spending time with Razz, the owner and exec chef. If you're a foodie or just like great inventive dishes. This is not to be missed. Where can you go and sit in the kitchen with a brilliant chef and talk and learn as he creates dishes?
5	Good food all the time. No exceptions. I absolutely love the bar area. If you sit up at the "chef's table" Razz will make you whatever he has and feels like nightly until you say stop. It is something like $10 a course and they are on the smaller size, but nothing short of fantastic.Also, just an FYI - Razz is only here about 1/2 of the year, and the rest of the year the restaurant is closed, so go while you can!
5	Wow. There are few times when you get to be entertained, engaged in honest conversation and eat world class food. Sitting at the Chef's table at Razz's allows that to happen. We have eaten there before at a regular table and really enjoyed it but sitting up front is the way to go.  We were a little nervous at first but Razz warmly greeted us with a smile and made us laugh. The evening was a hit from there on. He chose a great white wine and made us 4 individual small plates that were simply great. You may get something different than what we had, which will be fantastic, but it will be good. Warning... If you are not used to eating four plates of fine rich food you will fill up fast. They are great at stopping and let you regroup in time for a hand made desert plate. It's not an every day meal but its worth it once in a while. Relax and enjoy.
1	I am sorry, I am unsure what everyone was taking about. This is not the place for fine dining. The food in general was basic. I ordered the halibut . It was VERY dry. The sides are mash and steamed veggies. The Veggies, where not steamed enough, and mash seemed old. Ordered Fries for the baby, and they had an strange oil taste. Another ordered a few other meals , and they were not happy either. The waiter our table had was strange, and did something weird with the tipping and tax at the end..to get more money. Still pondering it now. The Presentation was nice. I would of thought it was going to be great, with all the compliments. It is small inside as well. Honestly It was abit dead on a fri night. Now I know why. Will not repeat.
1	The night we went in there, it was toward the end of their 'season' - I guess they close down for the summer.  There was NO air-conditioning (it was totally miserable in there - but we had driven a long way to get there), and when I went to use the ladies room, it reeked of sewer gas.  Pee-Yoo!!!  It is a very overpriced restaurant, including their food and appetizers, and we even used a Groupon.  We were talked into Squash Buttons for our appetizer - $16.00 for a plate that had just 2 Buttons.  I can't recall what my entree was, or my husband's - that's how memorable it was.  We will DEFINITELY not be going back; we don't care if they offer up a thousand more Groupons (which I see that there is one currently).
4	This was my first time here - I had a groupon and the reviews were good. Many of the previous yelpers hit the nail on the head about this place. Definitely an older crowd, perhaps more sophisticated taste buds? People at the tasting menu seem to be having fun. 1 star off for the less than desireable service that night. Could have been better, more attentive. Food: appetizers: mushroom soup and gulf shrimp stuffed with crab (then fried. Wasn't a fan of the fry. 1 shrimp for 15.95. Not a fan of that either). Overall it was okay. Seem like there are better appetizer choices. Entrees: pan roasted duck breast and the bouillabaisse. The duck was delish. Simply delish. I would totally get it again. Bouillabaisse was okay. Plenty of clams, mussels, fish and shrimp. However a previous yelper mentioned how fishy the broth was which I can kind of agree. However I think that's the nature of a bouillabaisse.  I thought it was good - not too bad. Wouldn't get it again though. I would come back for the chef's tasting menu. It looks like fun and a good food experience. -- keep eatin'
5	Hands down best food in the valley. Beggers pouch is a must have! My girlfriend hates seafood yet she loves everything razz serves up. If you can, sit at the bar and do the tasting menu its quite possibly the best dinning experiance you can find locally.
3	We were a little disappointed with Razz's.The service wasn't great.  Our server didn't seem thrilled to be there.  She wasn't incredibly friendly, helpful, or even that knowledgeable on the menu.There seemed to be just as many specials as there were regular entrees on the menu.  That was odd, because the specials sounded so good, we had to keep asking questions about them.  It would have been great to have seen them on paper.The food was all fine.  My fiance got the duck, I got the short ribs, and we got stuffed shrimp as the appetizer.  I wouldn't say it was worth what we paid.Overall, nothing to write home about, but if you have a great discount, maybe give Razz's a shot.
3	Well my family and I went to this restaurant because of a living social deal that we purchased and because we love French fusion cuisine! When we arrived the restaurant was surprisingly quant and cozy, yet very lively. Our server at first was extremely on point, knowledgable about the food and friendly. At first we ordered and appetizer that was one of the specials, crab stuffed shrimp with a mascarpone sauce and a guava glaze. The appetizer we got was beyond incredible and kind of set high expectations for the future courses. When I saw duck on the menu I got very excited because I love duck, however this one wasn't as tender and juicy as it normally is and was unfortunately quite fatty. The side was some kind of brown grain that was bland and did not pair well with the duck, but the lingonberry sauce on the duck was perfect. My sister and mom ordered the beef Wellington, a family favorite, and unfortunately it tasted like straight pepper and was hard to eat due to the pure spiciness that we were not warned of. However, our waiter brought them some kind of cream sauce and it toned it down perfectly. Once we were finished eating we sat with our empty plates in front of us for about 10 minutes, which is strange for restaurant service but we didn't think much of it. Once they were finally cleared by bussers we asked one of them If we could see a dessert menu because our waiter was no where to be found. After receiving the dessert menu we waited about 10-15 more minutes to have our order taken, we ended up grabbing one of the other waiters and asked if we could have our order taken.For dessert we got 2 tortes and they tasted good but when you went in for a fork full it would crumble, which usually happens if something was stored in a freezer, as well as they were quite dry, so that was disappointing but overall the taste wasn't bad.Overall the ambiance is so fun and inviting and the menu was a hit or miss, I would go back again, but only because of the amazing appetizer and setting.
1	Just had our Valentines dinner here for the third year now. The food was good as it usually is. But, the service was the WORST I have ever had. It started with a 20 minute wait for my $12 glass of wine. Then, after we ordered another party was seated at the table next to us. This person with his messy, gray, Rod Stewart mullet kept calling over the waitress, pointing and waiving his hands around with some apparent problem. It continued...  until AFTER I ordered a $15 after dinner drink we were asked by Ms. Razz if we wouldn't mind moving to another table so they could seat a large group. Are you kidding me? I understand it's a busy evening and all but, they could have seated us someplace else to begin with so this other douche bag could have his table. I still have an unused Groupon and will probably still never go back.
5	We've been in before and sat in dining room to order off of the regular menu , which was fabulous. We thought we would try the Chef's tasting menu and it was DELICIOUS. Excellent service. Excellent food.We will be back again and again. It was thoroughly impressive.
5	I have eaten here a few times but the best is sitting at the bar and having the chef serve his specials. Amazing. First time I had tongue and I thought I would hate it but it was delicious. Razz knows how to make the food sing.
5	Awesome! I went with my family tonight including my 9 month old daughter and it was great! They were very accommodating and the staff loved entertaining my little one. The food is great! We ate at the bar and did the tastings. This is the way to go!
4	Almost a year to the first time we visited Razz's, we went back in company with another couple.  Stellar meal.  DH and I shared an appy of squash blossom stuffed with cheese, lobster and crab.  Absolutely delish and it was brought to our table already on separate plates, so DH and I did not have to pass the small appetizer plate back and forth for bites. Very thoughtful.  Our DC's got a spicy Indonesian noodle bowl called something like Bai Mai Goreng or something---who cares?  Our friend was kind enough to share a bite and it was outstanding.  Could easily have eaten a bowl of it as an entree.  And speaking of entrees,  And speaking of entrees---we two ladies got the duck breast  with lingonberry sauce and a  house blend farro.  Duck was cooked perfectly, just a hint of pinkness and not a bit dry an the fat beautifully rendered.  I didn't love the farro---a bit crunch for me---but my fellow duck-eater loved her's!  The gentlemen, respectively, got the chicken scalloppini and the steak special, and there were a lot of groans of delight emitting from that end of the table.  The art on the walls is remains kind of weird, but still a lovely, intimate ambiance and our service was quite good,  Razz's definitely will remain on our "re-visit" list!
5	I've heard a lot of good things about Razz's, and found a good Groupon, so we decided to try it. Glad we did! This place is quaint, eccentric, and GOOD FOOD. My husband got the lamb chops and I got the duck breast. Everything was tasty, cooked to perfection, and amazing. The sauces are to die-for!The experience was fun too. I noticed the chef (Razz) talked and joked with his patrons, and even personally went around to every table to make sure everything was good. This place is a little pricey, but the food and service are worth it.
5	If you would like a dining experience that will leave you absolutely floored, this is where you need to go. The management is friendly and the service is fantastic, the menu is rotating so everything is changing frequently. We got to Travelzoo and were incredibly impressed and even added on in an extra appetizer. This restaurant is family-owned and the owner was present and incredibly pleasant in making sure our experience was top notch. We had the cheese pastry as well as a lobster cake app, the wine was great and our waiter was patient and knowledgable. The lamb? What presentation!The chef is visible in the kitchen is open and you can interact with him at the tapas bar. Come on in you will be disappointed.I love this place so much I had to drop the review before getting dessert so I'm gonna go enjoy that now and you guys enjoy this when you come in! Nom.
3	This is a good restaurant in most ways. The entrees and appetizers were very good. The wine list was decent by the glass and amazing for higher end wines. It is expensive to dine here: soup and salad over $10 and appetizers mid to upper teens with entrees mid-twenties to upper thirties.  If price is no object this is the place to go. Neither we nor the couple we were with are price sensitive so we were happy when we left. We split the bill so I signed for half of it and added a 25%+ tip. Later when I checked my credit card, as I do daily in these paranoid times, I realized I had been charged for my half plus the full bill so I had been triple charged. The person I talked to at the restaurant wasn't overly impressed about my concern. He pointed out (correctly) that the debit will eventually be removed. My problem is one that we don't think about a lot: every time you hand the server your credit card you trust them to use it appropriately: not only no fraud but also no carelessness.  I take them at their word that the charge will be reversed. That being the case, I would hesitate to hand this restaurant my credit card again. Somebody isn't paying close attention to credit card use.
5	Fabulous dining experience ! Food was delicious; the stuffed pork chop was so tender; atmosphere was elegant yet comfortable. Excellent service!
5	We heard that everything served here is tasty so we all ordered something different and shared. The beef Wellington was classic, the rack of lamb was cooked to perfection, the duck was succulent and flavorful and the chicken scallopini was moist with a tart sauce. The owner interacted with us and made helpful suggestions. We will be back. A lovely dining experience.
