5	If you are to come to L'Avenue be prepared to wait in line and no matter how long that line is... or how cold it is outside I strongly suggest you do not leave because there is no better place to have breakfast/brunch in Montreal. L'Avenue is cutting edge cool, techno music blares in the background regardless of the time of day, the waitstaff all have funky hairstyles and tattoos, and oh yeah... the food is pretty awesome as well. L'Avenue's menu is extensive they offer delicious pancakes , crepes, waffles, smoothies, omlettes... they even have a lunch menu... and if you fancy an alcoholic apertif you can order whatever you want because they have every sort of alcohol imaginable. Whatever you order make sure to get the potatoes... they are to die for.
4	great breakfast!!! I LOVE IT.... patatoes amazing... pancakes amazing!!! yumnot amazing for supper... but good for breakie.
4	L'Avenue is one of my favourite Montreal dining experiences. Judging from the line up I waited in, it's also a favourite of many others. They offer delicious food for every meal, including a coveted breakfast and delicious and creative lunch and dinner options. I was especially enamoured with their sesame and tofu salad. Unfortunately, the veggie burger was a bit mealy and bland. I would also imagine this is one of the cooler places to go in Montreal for food. Even their weird heavily curtained entrance seems to shun the outside world. The lighting and decor is awesome, especially in the bathroom. It basically feels like a red lit cage with various art on the walls and intense movies playing on a TV in the wall by the sink (Party Monster was playing while I used the facilities). On that note, if you take kids here, you may want to make sure they pee before arriving.
3	I can imagine the chaos this eatery melts into for weekend brunch so I opted to visit at a quieter time during the week.Damn fine burger.  Clean, eerily cool restrooms.Good service, reasonable prices for high quality of food. Good neighborhood spot and a nice use of the space.
5	So, my husband and I were recently in Montreal for a weekend and saw L'Avenue in guidebooks as a great place for brunch. Fodors did not lie. Brunch at L'Avenue was great! So, they only had French menus and neither me nor hubby can read French very well so we muddled through. I though I was ordering crepes with mango, strawberries and kiwi. I didn't know that crepes American are pancakes. I was pleasantly surprised. A large order of pancakes arrived with hot fruit on top and warm syrup. They were amazing and well worth it. My husband got Eggs Benedict and really enjoyed them as well. His meal came with a kebob of fruit, which was a nice touch. The atmosphere was cramped and chaotic but it was fun as well. The food took a little while to arrive so don't go if you are in a hurry. We went around 9:30 am on a Saturday and it wasn't that crowded but there was a huge line by the time we let about a hour later.
3	I've only been here for breakfast and I must say it is damn good. The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars because I'm not such a fan of the atmosphere for the morning. At 9am I don't want to hear techno music and I much prefer a relaxed atmosphere with a simple menu; not 18 different omelette!Although if you want a fancy breakfast and enjoy the hectic atmosphere, this place is definitely better than Eggspectation, so give it a try!
5	I was in Montreal a couple of months ago. We went on a weekday morning. The service was great. They've got some fairly imaginative breakfast dishes and the couple that we tried were excellent. There was a U2 concert playing on video when I went to the washroom. The whole place is decorated in a kind of a mod-punk theme? The music was great, "Lost Fingers" alternated with something else a bit more chill. The coffee was good and plentiful and I couldn't finish my food (too much) even though I wanted to. We didn't have to wait in line, but I could easily see that happening. The place is good!
5	Went here for breakfast during the week and it is amazing!  I got an eggs benedict with chorizo and peppers, and my wife got a California omelette that was stuffed with guacamole and salsa.  Both were up there with some of the best breakfast I have ever had.  Everything comes with a fruit kabob and these amazing potatoes that are served in a cool le creuset looking crock.Some reviewers have responded negatively to the atmosphere but I have to say that it was not at all loud or crazy when we went during the week.  They were actually playing Sinatra the entire time we were there.  Check out the bathrooms too; they are very cool!
4	Had a large, tastybrunch here.  A little bit onthe expensive side.
4	Mannequin with a boner....(you'll know when you get there)The line 10 deep out the door was the first sign that it was something worth waiting for.  It was cool to see the fruit chef making all the fruit skewers while you wait outside.While we were waiting, we salivated over the chocolate pancakes that someone was eating.  Everything looked so good!  It made the 30 min. wait somewhat bearable.The ham and egg crepes were divine and the smoked salmon benedict was scrumptious!  Our kids shared a Dagwood Bumstead style breakfast sandwich which was enough for two adults to share.The highlight for me was the uber-fresh fruit smoothie. I ordered the Banana-Papaya-Mango smoothie and it was probably the best fruit smoothie i've ever tasted.  It tasted so smooth and natural and not too sweet.Now back to the mannequin... we sat near the door where the mannequin is displayed and the kids ended up entertaining the folks in line with their giggling and the ultimate finger to the boner maneuver... i think the video will be on YouTube any day now...Overall, great food and atmosphere!
5	My all time favorite brunch resto! Nothing beats the comfort food at L'avenue. I love their french toasts and eggs benedicts. Sadly, when I came back to Montreal for the holidays, I noticed they removed the caramelized bananas off the menu. Oddly enough, they caramelize kiwis, strawberries, pears but they can't do bananas anymore? Will someone tell me why! Nonetheless it is still my favorite brunch place. The resto is not very spacious, the decor is funky and the wait is very long but its worth it.
5	First off, I am most likely one of the pickiest people in the world when it comes to food. My wife and I ate there two days ago and it might be the best breakfast I have ever experienced. Get the Chorizo Eggs Benedict! A bit pricey, but I do not mind paying for quality. Cool atmosphere, nice execution by staff to accommodate one's every need, and great food! What more could you want?  If you are in Montreal this place is a must. Do it! Just go there--you owe it to yourself. :)
4	When you eat at L'avenue you feel like you're tapping into a local Montreal secret.  Unassuming from the outside, the inside is decorated tastefully in an urban-graffiti motif complimented with a random scantly clad mannequin greeting you at the doorway and a motorcycle with helmet (safety first) suspended on the wall.  Service is a bit slow since it was packed on a Monday at 10:30 AM and they only had 3 waitresses but it was worth the wait. I opted for  the eggs benedict with hot italian sausage served with a side of seasoned potatoes and a fruit skewer.  A word of warning - everything on the menu is in French but the staff is helpful and as long as you have a basic understanding of the latin roots "sausage" "salmon" "Omega 3 oeuf" you should be fine.  The mixture of tastes was euphoric - I haven't had eggs benedict like this in awhile.  The portions are well sized even for my American appetite.  The only cons I can think of are the cramped quarters (probably not the best place for parties over 4).
5	easily the BEST place for brunch in Montreal.Insane line-ups going out the door on weekends so be prepared to wait. The food is just out of this world, while they have many breakfast and brunch classics like Eggs Benedict, pancakes, french toast and waffles, they usually have original twists on them to, for instance Eggs Benedict with chorizo sausages instead of ham.Try this place at least once and I guarantee, you'll never want to do brunch anywhere else!
5	Loved it. Waited outside in the cold for a good 30-45 minutes, but it was worth it. Got the eggs bene with steak (they call it Steak & Eggs). Hubby got the bene with chorizo- both were awesome and portioned large. Potatoes were amazing (tried to get the recipe, but even the waiter couldn't get it out of the chef!).  Music's jumping, so if you do go early, be prepared for a club-like setting. Sangria- great! Service- great (our waiter was wearing a kilt- punk rock style!). Worth it, worth it, worth it.
5	Every weekend a group of us Mcgillers would take a break from studying (pffftt right) to go for brunch. We found a handful of favorites, but this was #1. The only downside to this place are the huge lines for weekend brunch. It's no secret how good this place is.Their eggs benedict dishes are the best to be found, anywhere. The chorizo is deadly as is the spinach and goat cheese. The potatoes, which are dripping with butter, garlic and rosemary are legendary. Artsy, hipster interior with fast service.This is one of the many things I miss about Montreal.
5	Absolutely must every time I visit Montreal. The wait in line, even during the winter, is always worth it. I can't even express how much I like this place. Small, but great atmosphere and friendly staff. Good food and great variety. Be sure to check out their bathrooms. It's so unique, i think it changes everytime i go there!
5	I really don't think I've ever had a better breakfast that I've had at L'Avenue.  The Eggs Benedict is TO DIE FOR.  And the smoothies?  Even in the dead of winter, I've never tasted something so perfectly ripe.  Insanity all around.  Dinner is also good, but perhaps not as amazing as breakfast.  Also, gotta appreciate the bathrooms with the disco ball and movies in the floor.  The only bummer: waiting in line for that breakfast.  But worth every minute.
4	This was by far my favorite brunch place in Montreal.  If you're willing to wait for about an hour in line, you'll be glad you did once you start your meal (I usually grab a coffee next door at Peete's while waiting and there is also lots of people watching).  Most brunch plates come with buttery breakfast potatoes in their own little oven-bake bowl, and a big skewer of fresh fruit.  The menu is all French, so better if you speak it.  Otherwise, take a chance - you'll probably be happy with whatever you get.  Just bring your appetite, the plates are huge!Ambiance is fun and colorful; patrons in general are young, urban hipsters that will be crunched in to the tables next to you.  Service was not the best any of the times I went there but they get the job done. Nice enough but not very attentive.  Don't go if you're in a hurry...but  it's Sunday morning, anyway - what's the rush?!
5	This is a great brunch restaurant. The decor is pretty slick with graffiti on the walls (not to mention a motorcycle) in the front and rounded booth seating with mod lighting in the back. Not to mention the dim red lighting in the bathroom with big mirrors and a tv in the wall (it was playing Dark Knight when I was there). Good music, too (although probably a good idea to avoid it if you're hung over).Now on to the food. There's a good choice of brunch options that ranges from pancakes to eggs benedicts and even a breakfast burrito topped with guac. I ordered the latter and it came with a skewer of fresh fruit (a big step up from the regular slice of melon and orange) and delicious garlic rosemary potatoes. The servings are generous.Be prepared to wait in line and budget at least $15 per person.
5	You figure breakfast food can't really change very much or that it's pretty much the same.  Prepare to be proved wrong.   Restaurant L'Avenue is THE BEST breakfast restaurant I've ever been to. I used to really think Cora's was really good. Don't get me wrong Cora's  is still good, but after you try this place you'll understand why. The bread and butter of Restaurant L'avenue is their Eggs Benedict, they are AMAZING.  To tell you the truth, after hearing all the reviews about this place I didn't even bother to try anything else. And once it hits your mouth... there's no turning back. L'avenue's Eggs Benedicts come in a variety of flavours (about 12). They range from classic to asparagus to chorizo to "steak and eggs". While we're on that subject, their steak and eggs are actually Eggs Benedict... with a steak in the middle.I ordered the chorizo Eggs Benedict and decided to swap and share with my friend's steak and eggs. Each order comes with 2 Benedict's and a ramekin of rosemary infused homefries. I can tell you now that both of the selections were fantastic. I'm not even sure which one my favourite is. They're both amazing.       The hollandaise is freshly made and is topped generously on top of a pouched egg and English muffin. The steak isn't really made to order in terms of "doneness" but it's pretty much a fast fry steak. I don't know if it's on purpose but some of the rosemary potatoes got in the Benedict as well, which made it even better. You really know something is made well when you don't need condiments to go with the food. The potatoes are baked with a Rosemary infused oil and are delicious. Beware, it is really heavy and filling. I had a bit of trouble finishing everything. In a 3 day trip to Montreal I had to visit Restaurant L'avenue twice.  In fact I would easily eat here every day (if I had an unlimited bank card). In Montreal?  Go here. Ps apparently people in montreal know this place is good too. Be prepared for a lineup out the door. Wait for it, it'll be the best decision of your life.
5	Wow. We ate here based on a recommendation in a guidebook, so we weren't sure what to expect. The menu made us wonder what we'd gotten ourselves into, as it just looks like a plastic, spiral-bound book of random sandwiches, burgers, and other dishes. The one sign that we were in for something good was the fact that the restaurant was packed on a Tuesday evening. I ordered the chicken marsala, and my friend ordered the chicken curry. After a longish wait (the slow service was our one complaint), we were presented with large plates of amazing food. Seriously, on the first bite, we were both stunned at how good our meals were - fresh, flavorful, and delicious. Unfortunately we were running a little late, so we had to eat fast, but I will definitely return the next time I'm in Montreal.
5	Simply, the best breakfast spot in Montreal! This place have it all food, service, decor. Do not leave without trying the frenchtoast. Too many reviewer are speaking about it as a brunch place as well, I never tried it but I am pretty sure it will excel. Count for a waiting line, it would be really annoying in winter.
4	Two hours before hubby's business meeting, i dragged him to this restaurant.  He didn't' look very happy when he saw the long line outside of the restaurant, but i insisted that either this or no brunch.  Thirty minutes later, we were finally seated, ten minutes later, our nice waiter took our order, 20 minutes later, our food came, 5 minutes later, husband said very good food and ran out of the door to his meeting.On the other hand, my brunch was quite a pleasant experience.  The menu is quite extensive.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful.  He recommended steak and eggs Benedict, and that was very delicious.  I had chorizo omelet and that was just a-ok.  each meal comes with grilled potatoes and some fresh fruits.  I'd say the meal worth the wait.
4	27 reviews so far, and more than 70% are 5 star reviews.  What else do you need to read?  Go.Notes:  menu is in French.  The wait after 10AM is over an hour.  You stand in line outside.  Service is fast.  If you don't get fruit, ask for it (comes with brunch).  Bathroom was a bit freaky when I went.
5	Oh, if I could give it 10 stars, I would. Best breakfast ever. So tasty and large portions. Every dish comes with a cup of all-so-tasty red skinned potatoes, so soft, creamy, and flavorful. And that's just the side potatoes. I had the truffle omelet..comes with tons of mushrooms and spinach...a bit salty but so flavorful. And everyone gets a fruit ka bob! How unique and healthy! They had a whole eggs benedict section, which I was thinking of getting since they seem to specialize in them.The menu's in French which is pretty cool to me. The waiter was happy to translate it in to English for us.Get there early for breakfast. Went on Labor Day, around 10:15am. In 10 minutes, the line went from us 4 to maybe 20 people! What makes everyone feel uneasy is that they don't take down your names when waiting. A young busboy looking person comes out and makes an acknowledgement of your face.Love this brunch place!! Food's so good!!
5	this was our first stop after entering montreal and what a great way to be welcomed! the cafe has a amy winehouse (yet not as dirty) - rock - individualistic vibe to it and the decor is off the wall, from hanging disco lights to male and female buddha figures on the bathroom doors. the food was just as awesome, even though my husband and i only had half an idea of what we were actually ordering, since the menu was in french. he got the shrimp omelette which was DELISHHHH maximus, and i got the meat platter, with bacon, ham, some kind of french sausage, eggs, french toast, pancakes and some kind of minced thing that had the consistency of spread. we're not quite sure what it was. every dish comes with a little pot of roasted potatoes and they were yummy!!! "best potatoes i've ever had", proclaims my food snob husband :) this was probably the best breakfast we've ever had. no exaggeration.
5	I wish I could give this place 10 stars.  It is hands down the best restaurant for breakfast in the world.  This time around I had eggs with mushroom and truffle on brioche.  There were easily 2 pounds of mushrooms on top.  My wife had an omelette with goat cheese, asparagus, and other veggies.  We went on the weekend this time and there was definitely some electronica music playing the whole time but it wasn't annoying like some other reviewers have said.
5	Best breakfast place I've been to. We strolled in after a long walk from rue Sherbrooke and sat right down at the only available table. 10 minutes later there was a long line out the door. On my next trip to Montreal I might eat here every morning
4	amazing eggs benedict. their inside decor is interesting & please be prepared for their bathroom - very cool stuff. line up is long but for two people it was easier to get in.
5	I really like this place!!! You gotta go there at least once!  They do not take reservation, and you probably have to wait for half an hour to 45 minutes, but it is totally worth it! Food - we got the steak and egg benedicts and something "complete" (it's like the house complete breakfast meal). I'm not going to go into detail, because a lot people had already written a very good comment on it.  If you don't live in Montreal, and you don't get to go back very often, this is your first time, you need to get the steak and egg!  For the complete breakfast, it is good because you get to try almost everything is on the menu, there's a french toast, pancake, sausage, the rosemary potato, cheese.... I was so full when I get to touch the french toast and pancake, man~ it was the best french toast i've ever had and i need to finish it.Their portion is huge, so go with an empty stomach, or small-eaters can share a plate and still may not be able to finish. Coffee - I ordered the big bowl mocha, it was alright, more just for fun. Their juices are better if you want to get a drink. They are all freshly squeezed.
4	L'Avenue is a treat. It's a little bit more expensive than other breakfast joints in the city but it's well worth it. They serve up high quality, tasty food. It's no wonder there's usually a line.It's a hip, funky, chic place- you must try it out! (and yes, do check out the bathrooms.)The staff is usually great but there has been one staff person that's kind of crusty. Boo.
5	My favourite brunch place in the world so far, other than maybe Medina Cafe in Vancouver. Lines are ridiculously long, but the food is worth the hour plus wait on Sunday mornings in -20 weather. Their omelettes are really fluffy, their eggs benedict heavenly, and their potatoes are probably laced with some really addictive drug because they are just so amazing!I used to come here every few weekends and wait in line...I haven't been back for a while now since moving away from Montreal, but I still dream about this place.L'avenue, I am coming back for you one day
5	MEILLEUR BRUNCH (du monde?), HANDS DOWN.J' ai vecu trois ans sur l'avenue Mont Royal et j'ai teste presque tous les brunchs de la rue (meme du quartier!), aucun n'arrive a la cheville de l'Avenue en terme de qualite/quantite/prix!Absolument tout y est excellent: les brunchs sales ou sucres - montagne de pancakes moelleux aux fruits et sirop d'erable - , les hambourgois -celui au steak Kobe ou au fromage bleu, hmmm- , les smoothies servis dans des verres enormes, et surtout les frites parfaitement assaisones a l'ail.Tout ca dans des quantites assez gargantuesques, j'ai d'ailleurs pris l'habitude de prendre un doggy bag pour mon diner!Cerise sur le gateau, ce n'est pas tres cher: assiette de brunch (qui me fait aussi office de diner, donc) a partir de $8 par exemple.le decor est hyper special, mais agreable et il faut absolument faire un tour aux toilettes!Bref, c'est une adresse qui me donne la nostalgie de Montreal.Une Valeur Sure.
5	I admit that I was cynical.In a town full of spectacular restaurants, how could this one be known to the masses as the best breakfast joint on the island?   It was impossible.I mean, didn't someone ever have a bad experience here?We got there around 930am on a Monday.  No lineup.  Seated quickly.   Attentive service.  Massive choice.I orderted the Huevos Rancheros.  I've never had better.Damn you popular opinion.You win everytime.
5	Back again in July of 2010. There was a line up, but the food was equally good. Great breakfast!
4	(Breakfast) If you're going during peak hours (weekend mornings at around 10) be ready to wait in line for 40 minutes. Other than that it's pretty worth it. Some waiters and waitresses are sweet and humble, others are pretentious jack asses. This place is gay friendly but they change their menus so often and sometimes there isn't enough for everybody. The food is good and 3 visits out if 5 it's spectacular, they're just so-so the rest of the time so it depends on who the cook and wait staff are. Their new mechanic uniforms are so ugly but the plates can be magical. (Lunch/Dinner) Their Kobe beef burger is delicious, not that many people come here for dinner, don't know why...
5	I was pointed in the L'avenue direction from co-workers, friends and the Yelp community. I was a fan even before arriving in Montreal.I got off at the Mont Royal metro and eagerly walked down Mont Royal looking for the L'avenue sign. Surprise, surprise there was a wait... I got there at about noon on a Saturday. With rain & hail, it wasn't pleasant. Nonetheless, I waited it out because I've beent old that the wait was worth it. I ALMOST gave up at the 40 minute mark, and even went to the nearby Second Cup to refuel. I'M SO GLAD I WAITED. I ordered the Steak & Eggs benedict, and it was to DIE FOR. You get 2 perfectly poached egg, over Angus Beef steak and hollandaise sauce... with delicious potatoes.  Best eggs benedict I've ever had. So, end story, if you can go during an off-time (i.e. weekdays), then go to L'avenue for brunch. And if you can only go during a busy time (i.e. weekends), then STILL go to L'avenue for brunch. Best decision I made during my visit to Montreal.
4	Whenever I read about a restaurant's typical 40 minute wait, it always manages to rain when I decide to go....We came here for brunch and it was well worth the wait.  The place is divided in two: the front has 2 person tables with awesome graffiti on the wall and the back has booths and a view of a bright courtyard.  I don't typically suggest taking a camera into the bathroom, but there is cool graffiti art work on the walls.  The decor is cool with a hanging motorcycle and metallic female figure.  Depending on what you order, they give you complimentary fruit on a skewer (bananas, melons, cantaloupe, pineapple, orange or blood orange) - you can see them prepping it while you wait outside.  The menus resemble album covers and are in french.  Luckily, I already knew what I wanted: Black Angus Eggs Benedict.  The eggs were perfectly poached and the steak was tasty (not chewy).  I found the potatoes to be too salty to eat (the other seasoning on it was very good).  For good food, explore the "local" restaurants like this one which is off of St Denis (away from the tourist traps in Old Montreal and St Catherine's).
5	Easter Weekend - 2011I read quite a few review you have to get there early. I guess when we went we got lucky. Didn't have to wait that long may be about 5 mins for the guy to clean the table. As soon as you walk in you can hear the music blasting. Let put it this way you can call this a day club. They were playing way better music then most club in Toronto. The setting of the restaurant was pretty cool. My girl friend and me look at each other and said this will be a hit on King West in Toronto. Anyway, if you don't know by now. This Restaurant is located on the French side of Montreal. Don't expect menu etc to be in English. The server know enough English to take your order or just point Haha  :-)The Food was GREAT. My girl friend had some fruit juice and some yogurt fruit meal. I had some chicken egg benedict. It was AWESOME. Might be little spicy for some. But perfect for me. They had a bar there. Beside serving fruit juice I think they guy was serving booze too. LOL talk about those party frenchie. Don't expect to get 3.99 for breakfast special here :-) For two of us I think the bill came up to be around $40.00 with tips. Its worth it. If you around this neighbourhood in MTL. You should stop by.Cheers
5	Mimosa pitchers - while a little pricy at $45 are worth every penny! Freshly squeezed OJ and fruity champagne - we got 2!The eggs benedict was probably the best I have ever had, the eggs were cooked perfectly - so often they are not.Our server was also a delight, funny and witty. The manager even came over to assist us with tourist suggestions.I don't know how it happened, but we managed to walk right in and snag a table without a wait during brunch on a weekend!Don't go to Montreal without going here.
4	OMG Fresh squeezed OJ in their pitchers of mimosas! What a way to start the day! My liver was hoping for OJ, and it was not unhappy. Little did it know that there was also champagne in my OJ. Ended up here after walking out of another restaurant where the service was horrible, and the table was dirty. I guess, when in doubt, use Yelp. This well Yelped establishment certainly lived up to the hype. My friends and I all ordered benedicts. I had the salmon one. While the flavor of it all was great, I would have liked a bit more smoked salmon on my plate. Everyone else at the table thought their benedicts were great. The thing that actually impressed me about the plate, was the fresh fruit salad that came with it. This is not your mama's canned fruit salad, or some crappy little mint leaf garnish. Im talking full on bowl of probably 8 different fruits in a big bowl type salad. It was great. To go with the good food, was not only a friendly server, but a manger who went out of his way to offer us sight seeing ideas when he was busy running a packed restaurant. This place was busy the entire time we were there. Staff was very friendly and food was delicious. Be sure to hit it up in you are in Montreal.
4	Epic quest for one of the city's unique spot on a Sunday morning.1:00 pm: Brunch?1:30 pm: Arrived in front of l'Avenue and the line goes all the way to the end of the block. It is pouring outside3:00 pm: we are inside.A baroque place with street art influences overhung by an actual motorcycle attached to the ceiling and rocked by an electro DJ set. Loud vocal chords are recommended to communicate. Then comes the food... and I am full at 3:30 pm. Honestly, very rich menu providing you with unique egg combinations such as benedicts and chorizo. Juices are amazing and I recommend the orange-yogurt-maple sirup freshly squeezed mix. And next time I will get these Mimosa pitchers for sure. Your hangover will not resist to such a heavy brunch and a very pleasant service.However, numbers speak for themselves: you will wait a long time unless you go there during the week. More, waiters might prioritize their tectonik practice over getting tables ready in timely manners. Yes, I witnessed an extremely deep V-neck taking actually 15 minutes to clear a single table while dancing. Perhaps economics would be welcome here.Anyway. FULL. I WANT MY LARRY.
5	Plan for some extra time as there is often a wait.Coffee is decent, Chocolate milkshake is great!Eggs Benedict Sucre Sale as well as the Steak and Eggs Benedict were both awesome.Bon Ben is a big breakfast, components were good but is your typical breakfast.  Beans are served in an All-Clad measuring cup.Baguette as part of the Bon Ben is a good choice (as opposed to typical toast).
5	In one word: Fantastic. specialty is eggs Benedict and they just might be the best there is at it. From the moment I got there, I was impressed with the off-beat decor. There was about a 20 minute wait for weekday brunch and it was worth every minute of it. Their America crepes are good too, but know that this means pancakes, not crepes. We made this mistake, but can't really complain because it was done so well. My wife got a chicken sandwich, because she does not fancy eggs. It was good for what it was, but nowhere near as special as their Benedicts.
5	There is always a wait here, and sometimes the line extends around the block! But its all for good reason. The breakfasts at L'Avenue are FANTASTIC.I have literally loved everything I've had here. Their smoothies, their french toasts, their potatoes, their eggs benedict... Speaking of eggs benedict, this restaurant makes the most delicious eggs benedict in Montreal. I have eaten at many brunch places, and seriously, after I tried L'Avenue, I was a convert. I never went anywhere else again. Show up before 10am when the lineup isnt that intense, and you won't have to wait for ages to get in. But why in the world would you wake up that early on a weekend, you ask? Well.. because L'Avenue is worth it.
5	Consistency at it's best. This is a must try before you die. Just prepare to wait in line. But wait, it's worth it.
4	Had a great brunch here thanks to the recommendation of a friend - they were right - well worth the wait. Not only was the food good, but the music played was really good.The only warning I'll give is to all the meat lovers out there - the steak and eggs is more like eggs with cheese steak - thin cut strips cooked that way - so it's not like you're getting real steak. Other than that, it's brilliant.
4	I recently went back and had a breakfast BLT ($8.95) that was made with thick toast, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, mayo and two runny eggs and it was delicious! It was also served with a crock of breakfast potatoes and a large skewer of fresh fruit. The balance of flavors was spot on. While it was messy to eat, it was so good!I could only finish half of it and was still super stuffed.The waitress was lovely too. Another delicious brunch at L'avenue!
5	This was the first brunch stop on my culinary tour of Montreal, based on the recommendation from a local contact. Arriving early for brunch on a week day, we didn't have to wait too long for a table. Our server was friendly and assisted with menu selections. The fruit smoothy was perfect for the already hot Montreal summer day, and the classic eggs Benedict was perfectly prepared and tasted great. The restaurant was full and the atmosphere was great.
3	This revue is based on multiple dinner experiences. I've never been here for brunch, but based on the revues here, it must be much better. I like the concept, and the menu is ok, though a little short in the appetizer options. I've had great burgers here in the past. When I was here on Friday night, however, I had THE worst salad of my entire life. I think the cucumbers were rotten (confirmed by my dining partner), and everything was doused in way too much dressing.  Our drinks were ok, but nothing special. The music was too loud for comfortable conversation, but at least they were good beats.
4	I finally went back to L'Avenue after a 3 year absence and was dying to see if it changed. I will keep this review short as everything has already been said about this place: Located in pretty much the hippest area in the city. Expect a long wait, especially on weekends (even at 2PM). Funky decor with the music to match with. As Montrealers, we tend to take all the breakfast restaurants we have for granted. Even our breakfast chains like Cora and Eggspectation are fantastic. I lived in California for a few years and there was this IHOP near my place which was always packed...an IHOP for God' sake! It turns out that it was better than the Denny's a few blocks down the street and those were basically my only two choices without having to drive miles for breakfast!
5	You remember that one kid from high school, right?  The one that you wanted to hate but were secretly envious of?  You know, the senior that could throw a football like nobody's business and was nice to freshman and once said hi to you in the hallway.  If you asked people to describe him all they would just shake their heads and quietly mutter, "That guy is so fucking cool."  Restaurant L'avenue is that kid, if that kid were a restaurant and served breakfast all day.The decor of the place, the waiters, even the fucking bathrooms were so effortlessly cool that I wanted to hate the restaurant, but gave it my money instead.  We got spinach/chevre eggs benedict and a kiwi/strawberry pain dore.  This place seemed to be very french canadian in that everyone in it was speaking french, but the portions were very American in that they were stupidly large.  There must have been half a loaf of bread in the pain dore, and the eggs benedict came with potatoes and a fruit skewer.  Everything was perfectly cooked, the waiters were attentive, and we weren't rushed to leave, even as the place filled up to capacity.If you get here after 9 AM, you're going to be waiting in line.  Get up early, indulge in a very large, very decadent breakfast, and then walk out afterwards muttering, "That place is so fucking cool."
1	Up until February 2010 I loved this place. It was one of my favourite places to eat brunch or lunch.The only reason I'm posting this is so my friends know I have officially removed it from my Montreal Places to Eat. I had lunch with my sister and some friends and it failed for the following reasons: Horrible service: More than one hour passed between ordering and food arriving The clubhouse sandwich I ordered was on soggy bread Our fries were swimming in grease The salad was drowning in dressing - I'm not even sure what the dressing was but it tasted like oil I'm so disappointed - but I guess I'm the only one...because every time I walk by it (which is a lot) it's always busy...everyone is different :)
5	The best breakfast/brunch rearaurant ever! A must go if you're on the east side of Montreal. Good people a little wait for the food but the food is just awesome!
4	Our Montreal friends took us here for brunch on our last day in the city. It was great! The decor is funky, the service was friendly, and the portions were ridiculously huge and delicious! I got a crepe with scrambled eggs, bacon, cheddar, and mushrooms and it was sooo good. The home fries were the bomb! My husband got a "Bobby visite L'Espagne" and that was awesome too. My food was a little less hot than it could have been because they waited to bring all our orders out at the same time. And there was a long wait to get seated, as is usual at popular establishments like this during peak brunch hours. Other than that, a big thumbs-up to this place!
4	This place was different, interesting, and very tasty. I had the original eggs benedict with a delicious cafe au lait, and husband had the salmon eggs benedict. Garlic potoes are fantastic! And I loved the fruit skewer.The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 is because nothing was in English. I was able to pick out most words, so it was still good. Service was nice, and they were able to understand me.
4	This place is so delicious!  They go all out in their presentation And the portion sizes are huge. I ordered the classic benny (the hollindaise sauce was so buttery and delicious and the pot of potatoes were to perfection) it also came with a big skewer of fruit that out shines cora's any day. If you're looking for a great way to start your day definitely come here. The only reason I didnt give this place 5 stars is because their service could have been better..but honestly i think it was because we didn't speak french.Oh and I decided to take the advice of others and check out their washroom...its cool check it out.
3	In an effort to avoid the alleged long lines of L'Avenue during the weekend brunch rush, I refrained from coming here until the Monday of my vacation in Montreal.  I walked in around 10am.  I think there was one couple in the entire restaurant.  The plan was successful!It's a spunky looking restaurant, and shaped in a rectangle with tables and chairs lining all the way down, and the cooking going on across the other side.  There are a couple of manikins strategically placed and in funny positions.  The menu is entirely in French, so if you don't speak a word - either bring a dictionary (like I did), or if you've joined the modern technological world (unlike me), use a phone app to translate - and you're golden.  Who knew champignon meant mushroom. ;-)  I ordered the eggs benedict that comes over French toast instead of an English muffin (ha ha, nice), with the maple syrup on the side.  I think it's called the Benedict Sucre or something along those lines.   The service is nice and friendly, but not hugely attentive.  Nearly ten minutes went by before they came to take my order, even though they saw my menu closed and  I was the only one waiting to order..  but they were standing around talking with one another.  Granted my French is non-existent, I think they were training a new employee...  based off of the body language.  I ordered a cup of coffee, but it was kind of lukewarm.  Oh well.  I came for the benedict anyhow.  Which was..  a delicious sight for the eyes!  Thick slices of brioche French toast, thin slices of ham, nicely poached eggs, and a buttery Hollandaise generously smeared over it all.  A small cruet of maple syrup and cup of sauteed potatoes in the center.  And a skewer of fresh fruit.  (truly enjoyed that about Montreal..  as they bring you fruit and/or salad with almost every meal)  The Hollandaise was a bit heavy, and next time I'd ask for them to go easy on it - albeit it's very yummy and velvety.  Prices are a bit high, but you do get a ton of good food for it, and so a benedict dish with a cup of coffee will run you about $20 including the tip.  It's located a couple of blocks away from the Mont Royal metro station.  A great place to walk afterward is down the opposite way (westward) towards St. Denis - lots of shopping opportunities.  If you're looking for poutine, it's not far from here (15 min walk?) at La Banquise.  Schwartz' smoked meats is about a 30 min walk southwest.
5	Please is absolutely delicious. From their eggs, to French toast, to eggs Benedict, to omelets, to coffee and smoothies. I live for their banana and strawberry smoothies, and cafe latte served in a bowl. My fav eggs Benedict are the Steak and eggs. Place is busy and lines are long, but it's worth it. They definitely don't rush you once you're seated and the waiters are a little rough..,but thats Montreal. Service is definitely better in other cities in general, so get over it, it's not just this restaurant. Francophones in Montreal are known to downtalk english speakers....which is unfortunate. How we get tourists at all I'll never know
4	Holy Wow, the breakfast at L'avenue is ridiculously good.  The pancakes!!! I don't even like pancakes, but the pancakes were amazing.  And wow, their potatoes, I've been craving them for two days now.  The menu is in French with no English descriptions, and they blast loud electropop music, this isn't a spot to come have brunch while recovering from a hangover.  We went on a Sunday morning, there was a line, and there is no room to wait for a table inside the restaurant, so be warned you'll have to wait outside for 15-20 minutes dress accordingly during inclement weather.  PANCAKES AND POTATOES!!
1	I will not go back for a long time: cockroaches!! There was one on the sous chefs window for all to see. I have eaten around the world where hygiene was to be desired. So I will go on record as not being squeamish. I thought to brush it off, thinking it could happen anywhere...Then a few mouthfuls in, my friend points a second one on the wall behind me. The was no focus on the food... Only on the bugs that were all round me. If I saw TWO in broad daylight, what was lurking in the kitchen?It saddens me to be left with such a disappointing memory of what has been an institution on the Plateau, until now.
4	Just when you thought you've seen all the takes on eggs benedict you can find ... L'avenue proves you wrong!  Ex-montrealer friends were dreaming about this place, so we went while they were visiting. I had the Mr Seguin eggs benedict .. it was an awesome combination of goat cheese, spinach and sauteed mushrooms. The toppings on the english muffin were pretty generous and I wish I could have finished it all.  The presentation was nice  too - it came with a little pot of home-fries (good, not at all greasy) and a nice skewer of melon and other fruit. I also stole a bite of chicken eggs benedict - it was delicious! A good choice for someone who likes a little bit of spice and heat.  The steak eggs benedict was also really good.. with a spicy twist on the classic Hollandaise. The service was good and the staff was friendly. The food arrived quickly, though the first cup of coffee took a while to arrive. Expect about $20/person. Highly recommend!PS. take a trip to the washrooms - they're crazy!
4	This place is great, best breakfast and best hamburger in town. The mannequin needs updating though...
5	Hip but not pretentious. Amazing eggs no matter how you like them.  Creative cuisine.  Huge portions.  No extras for baguette bread, free coffee refills, fresh fruits and friendly staff.  A bit loud on the w-e but perfect for drowning that ringing in the ears from partying the night before.
3	A fun place for brunch - just kidding unless you count waiting in line for 30-45 min fun. the food is over-the top good but I've abandoned grocery carts after shopping when there's too much of a line up at the cash so I can't - in good conscious - recommend this place.  Brunch is brunch is brunch and Montreal has no shortage of places that serve up a mean eggs Benedict...
5	If you have a big appetite, you should definitely come here for brunch! The restaurant is loud, funky and hip, you'll most likely see a massive line-up outside if you dare go past 11:30. I've been lucky every time and haven't had to wait more than 5-10 minutes because I've gone around 10:30-11, I've seen line ups take up to an hour and go around the block. It is that damn good, so get their before "brunch rush hour" and you will be satisfied. They're known best for their amazing eggs-benedict concoctions. My favorite is the Mr. Seguin (goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms). Their potatoes are soft and delicious. For the meat lovers, steak-benedict is the way to go. So is their schorizo if you can handle its spicy kick.Writing this review is making me crave it... I believe a trip to L'Avenue is in order, ASAP.
4	Went to L'Avenue on Sunday morning (Jan. 29th, 2012). We had read reviews about it before going, so we picked up on the "Don't Go Too Late" advice....We purposefully went early. Left the house at 8:00am and got to the resto at about 8:50am. No line, No wait, No one was there yet. As expected they did get a lot busier as time passed. We saw them turn a few people away. Our meals were great. We had no complaints. My husband really enjoyed his dish, as did I. The fruit skewers are a big bonus. Their potatoes are specially seasoned. They eggs were great along with everything else.I would have *loved* to try a fruit smoothie, but at $6.95 a pop, I decided to skip. For those who get upset by the wait: For this restaurant, you either need to EXPECT a line up and don't give 'em flack for having to wait, OR you go super EARLY. The place is very popular & well-known, weekends are the busiest days, and they don't have ample seating space - so it makes sense that when they are busy there are line-ups.
4	Great food for dinner. Did not like breakfast because i was too full but maybe it depends on what you choose on the menu. Friendly staff, Interesting decoration.
5	Great food, good price. You must check out the bathroom! It's something.
4	It's my second time here and we came on a Tuesday. I was surprised to see how packed it was even on a weekday. A lot of locals go here and there's no English menu, so be prepared to be a little clueless when you are ordering at first. The portions are huge and the food is delicious. 4 star because I felt that it was a bit pricey for brunch food.
2	Nice ambience, but can be loud, so it must be expected. Food is pretty good. DON'T ask for spicy. I'm South Asian and ask for spicy at Indian restaurants, but what I had yesterday at l'Avenue was inedible. When I told the waitress, she said "next time, don't order spicy." That pissed me off. I only finished 1/2 my plate, leaving most of the chicken behind. No "sorrys" and no discount. Basically, she blamed me. Water was refilled only once: right before the bill. Not going there again.
4	New Yorkers in Montreal... Love this place!!! Fried calamari is amazing. Portions are HUGE. Poutine Classic is amazing. =) thumbs up
5	This is the best breakfast place ever. Their breakfast potatoes are the best. Their eggs Benedict are pure delight. I also like the breakfast burrito. Their coffee is really fresh and good, so are their freshly made juice. Service is good and friendly. The decor and ambiance are unique. The bathroom are spotless and very original. The downside is that this place is so popular that there is often a huge line up ...
5	The best brunch I have ever had. Everyone talks about how amazing this place is and let me tell you, it's not just hype. It is to die for. I ate the eggs Benedict with caramelized onions,  4 year old aged cheddar and confit d'onignon. Every bite was better than the last.. Truly delicious. My boyfriend had the Huevos Rancheros which was absolutely excellent!! It was worth the long wait. Definitely something people should try.
5	Fantastic omelets and heavenly, fluffy pancakes. You can taste the love that gets put into making the food. I come to this place every time I visit Montreal. It is a lot of heavenly tasting food. There is always a line and sometimes the customer service lags behind but its definitely worth it.
5	Unbelievable atmosphere. The restaurant decor is like a modern art exhibit. The bathroom is downright scary...it's like a kill-room from a horror film...and this is supposed to be complimentary. As for the food...I got the classic Eggs Benedict and it was amazing. Great portion. The garlic potatoes are the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. If you find yourself in Montreal you have to get over here.
5	I had to wait in a line for pretty long time but OMG. SO WORTH IT. I don't live in Montreal so I won't be able to go there anymore but SERIOUSLY. you have to have to have to have to eat at this place for brunch. Their eggs benedict was actually better than Sarabeth's in New York. I always say Sarabeth's has the best eggs benedict but maaaaan. this place ROCKS. Also their smoothie and juice and fruits and just...everything! my friend literally called the strawberries there, "It's like...from heaven!" LOL
5	A party of 4 waited ~20 mins on a random Monday (ok, it was Memorial Day Monday, but we're in Canada!) for L'avenue -- and I'd gladly wait an hour for this place!We were seated in a cozy booth near the back, and as I walked by I stared at all the food on everyone's table. First thought: YUM. Second thought: HUGE! I was delighted!The menu is all in French, but our waiter was more than happy to translate for us. We all started off with a mango-pineapple-lychee concoction ($7, but sooo big) and ordered a variety of Egg Benedicts - their specialty!Unlike most of the restaurants we ate at during our time in Montreal, the food didn't take forever to come out. The presentation was simple but the food was amazing! My chorizo egg bennie's yolk was perfectly runny and the chorizo added a bit of spice to the meal. The highlight of the dish was definitely the potatoes! Perfectly seasoned and soft - I could eat those as my entire meal! My gf's bennies weren't runny though :( However, L'avenue will gladly make you another one so make sure you tell 'em!The huge fruit skewers that came with every entree was a great refreshing treat. I'm talking chunks of watermelon, grapefruit, banana, pineapple - the works! The BEST part of L'avenue though, has to be their crazy black light bathrooms. MUST SEE! Love this placeee :)
5	It certainly won't make you feel healthier, but if you want to have a very nice, casual supper or breakfast, L'Avenue is one of the best place you can find in Montreal.
5	All is said, I won't add much. Best 10,000-calory Benedictine breakfast ever! I am very much into making Benedictine Eggs at home, but I simply can not reproduce this one. The DJs are very cool as well. Positive vibe coming from every corner. Waited outside in -28 (-32 real feel) temperature for half an hour to get in, but it was totally worth it. Don't miss this one if you are in Montreal.
5	The French toast was incredible. Berries on top were incredibly fresh and delicious. The spiced potatoes were lovely and all around this was probably the most delicious breakfast I've had in the world. The place itself has a lot of character and the waitress quickly switched to English when my French was so awful. The bathroom was a surprise- beautifully graffitied with an embedded tv showing Sin City. I will miss this place. It was so good I went back a second time for a second breakfast during my 2 weeks in Montreal, and had an omelet. Fluffy and beautiful, and the potatoes were still amazing. I travel a lot and I've never had a breakfast this good. (I admit, my friend had some eggs benedict that came on top of French toast, and she definitely chose best- some of everything they do well.) I think I'd ask for this as my last meal if I ever had to choose one.
4	I can see why everyone says to come here for brunch, they have an amazingly long eggs benedict menu, so many things to try! We got here kind of late in the day, on a weekday at that and it was still pretty busy!For some reason, I just wanted the regular plain old eggs benny, got made fun of for it and happy that I got it. I think I just wanted to try the original first and next time I go I will try something new. It was delicious, seriously. The sauce was one of the best I've had. Also, the potatoes.....DON'T SKIP THEM, they have an amazing herb mixture on them that is just lovely.The decor is also funky and fun, and ps....GO TO THE BATHROOM!
5	Don't go here for breakfast! This place is so awesome - I want it all to myself! If you do go try one of the Eggs Benedict plates. They are to die for. I had the Chorizo II plate this morning and it was fab. A friend had the Eggs Benedict meets French Toast and it was like a angel sitting on my tongue. The portions are huge. Don't be afraid to share. Oh, and the reports of the restaurant being overrun by hipsters are greatly exaggerated.
5	Visited l'avenue for the first time, with a party of four, on a Tuesday at around 10:45. The restaurant was crowded but no line up at all. Not being much of a breakfast food person (not a huge fan of eggs and don't eat meat), I was a little hesitant to try this place. Luckily, l'avenue was highly recommended by a friend - I'm very glad I came!I, myself, had the California omelette and my table had pancakes and the smoked salmon eggs Benedict. The omelette was seriously one of the best omelettes I've ever tasted! It was very big and cheesy. The potatoes were nicely seasoned and the skewer of fruits was so fresh and sweet. Two slices of toast were also included. I only finished half of the omelette- I was really hoping for a bigger appetite because it was all so good!I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Montreal! Be sure to check out the washrooms, they're pretty neat :)
5	Hands down, the best breakfast I've ever had.  Be warned, the menu is purely in french, but you'll be able to figure it out.I had the classic benedict.  Eggs were perfect and the Canadian Bacon was sliced thin so it was easy to get too.  Hollandaise was buttery and had a nice acidity.  Husband had an omelette which was more like a fritatta, huge and sooo good.  The Mocha Frappe was like an adult milkshake with a serious caffeine kick.  I wish I could get it like that every morning.  I despise breakfast potatoes, and these, yea, they were something else. Get there early if you can, as it gets really busy.  Make sure you go into the bathroom and instagram that ish.
5	Wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.  And yes, it does deserve that many w's.The waitress always smiled and offered coffee refills.  She will speak English to you even though the menu is all French (guess those two years of university French really helped here!  I got A's btw.).I shared the eggs benedict with chorizo.  $15.95 plus a $1 sharing fee.  You will get one of the eggs, one small pot of roasted and seasoned potatoes, one large stick of fruit per person.  Totally worth the splitting fee because I was still stuffed 6 hours later.AMAZING.  Holy cow.  I don't even like egg yolks that much but when this spills and mixes with your hollandaise, chorizo and egg whites while soaking into your English muffin halve, it is like heaven on earth.  Makes me hungry just thinking about this place.  Since I'm an out-of-towner, I'll have to try and imitate this to the best of my ability at home.  I probably won't succeed and will have to fly up here every Sunday.  Darn. ;)
4	Nothing much to add except: AWESOME. The sweet-salty eggs benedict combines two of my favorite things about brunch: poached eggs in hollandaise and the fluffy perfection of a lovely coconutty French toast. The ham and guyere are really just cherries on top. More NYC places should do this!  The Benedict berceau has delicious delicious spicy chicken. We were less impressed by the chorizo but it was still quite yummy. Overall, a solid place that kept us stuffed for HOURS!
4	Awesome breakfast destination, but oh my god the wait.  A well-reviewed hot spot, when joined with a fairly small seating area and the French penchant for slow dining, pretty much guarantees a need for comfortable shoes.  We arrived sometime around 1 PM but didn't get seated until 2 or so, and we were only the 4th group in line (!)  However, I'm pretty sure at some point my hunger had overwhelmed my ability to keep track of time, so for all I knew it was 2 PM the next day by the time we got seated.  I hear Montreal winters are brutal, so I can only imagine the victims of hypothermia dropping dead outside while waiting for their names to be called, but fortunately we were here in late summer when the weather was a bit more tolerable.Inside, as other reviewers have noted, the decor is indeed pretty cool and kind of defies explanation.  Bits of Americana are strewn about, but also some oddball things like a leather-encases mannequin and bathrooms that...well, let's just say you should check them out.Portions were quite large and reasonably priced, plus they serve beer here.  I think this must be the first time I've had a pitcher of beer to go with my eggs benedict.  The menu is, as noted, in French, but the wait staff can help out, or you can generally figure out most things.  As a side note, while L'Avenue is known for its breakfasts, particularly its benedicts, they do also offer burgers and other lunch fare on an extensive menu.One word about the location: L'Avenue is located in the "Plateau," an area which kind of seems like Haight-Ashbury back in our home town.  Lots of boutiques and cool hipster stores, plus they had shut down the main street to autos when we were there, which brought everyone out.  So a pretty cool place for people watching as well.Great spot, just be prepared to wait.
5	Brunch is the best meal of the week. I challenge anyone to prove otherwise. It is so life affirming a meal especially after a long hard week.1 hour wait to share the glory. It was well worth it.We were in town for Osheaga. Heard loads about this place before but never had the chance to visit. This time I went twice. Each time the eggs benny was stellarThe first one I had was the Chorizio Sausage, the second time was the steak Eggs Benny. Utterly amazing, the most tender steak and the best roasted flavoured chorizio sausage you will ever put in your mouth. Usually the home fries are nothing to write home about but they were stellar. They were roasted in garlic / oregano and other spices. I loved the fruit skewer it just made it seem all the more exciting to eat. I also ordered the infamous Bacon Cheddar Apple pancakes...These things changed my life, I dont think I have ever put anything in my mouth so wonderful save for past lovers...amazing.Dont be naysayer or a lazy bum. Visit this place and do your culinary fantasies a favour.
5	Amazing! From the decor to the food this place is awesome, but the line outside will tip you off. Just go there; you won't be disappointed. The menu is french-only but easy to understand and the staff speak English.The food is fresh and there are many healthy options.
5	Loud music, crowded hip environment, good service. Food is excellent and was one of our Montreal trip highlights.There usually a line. It moved along and we are glad we waited.
5	Best Eggs Benedict I have ever had. Smoothies are a bit pricey, but worth it for the huge size and taste. Even having to wait in line to get in, it's now my favourite breakfast place in town!If you get the chance, you must go!
4	We needed a breakfast that could stand up to our dinner the night before at Au Pied de Cochon, so we headed to Restaurant L'Avenue and weren't disappointed. Like Schwartz's, L'Avenue opening for business attracts a lineup of people waiting to get into the restaurant, so be sure to dress for whatever weather Montreal is experiencing - and be prepared for the possibility of sitting next to a door that's opening and closing constantly as the hostess checks on the line and finds seats. (If it's cool out, wear a sweater.)We were greeted in French but every server spoke English (we're learning, but we're not there yet). As we'd seen recommendations online for the eggs benedict that's what we went with, but all of the breakfasts that came out looked great - huge portions, though! Don't treat yourself to a pastry before you go for brunch (and perhaps going after stuffing yourself at PDC the night before isn't the BEST idea...)We started off with two excellent lattes (in glasses, not bowls, which I sort of regretted... I could definitely have finished a bigger one on that chilly morning). After watching a few people receive gigantic, elaborately garnished smoothies I have to say it would be hard to turn that down on a hot summer day.Next, our fruit skewers, which seem to come with every breakfast, arrived. And they weren't your typical boring breakfast fruits - sure, there was honeydew, but also pineapple, papaya, grapefruit, strawberry and an exceptionally delicious date. Be aware that the fruit is cleaned minimally - peels and pits were on everything, so don't chomp down with reckless abandon.I had the chorizo eggs benny, and wow, was it ever good. He had the smoked salmon and it was also delightful (and much lighter), but the combination of chorizo, peppers, spicy potatoes, creamy egg yolks and Hollandaise was really something. (In other words, I wouldn't have switched. Ha!) The potatoes were great, which is a litmus test for me at brunch - there's no excuse for boring potatoes - and although I'm typically disappointed with Hollandaise sauce that isn't home made (it's never lemonny enough or they underseason it) this was pretty good.Also, I don't care if you have to go or not: be sure to visit the toilettes. If we're looking for breakfast in Montreal again we'd definitely come back!
4	Five for the food, and two stars for the service...which evens out to about four stars since food is weighed more importantly. We waited for our food for over an hour and a half. i don't know if they had forgotten to put it in...or what, but everyone around us who had gotten there at the same time, got their food, paid, left, got home, had sex, showered, took a nap....meanwhile, back at l'avenue, we're still waiting for our food. We had two full pitchers of sangria while waiting and got proper trashed and roudy. As an apology for the obscene wait, we were given a shot of something (jameson?)...which i suppose was nice. The food finally came and it was fantastic. Dare i say it was worth the wait? Anyways, i thought that they would give us a discount. but they didn't. I did make a trip to the bathrooms, though, and they're pretty awesome. They have blacklights and white grafitti, stenciling all over the walls. Awesome. Go for the food, and hope that the bad service was a fluke.
5	As were waiting in the small line we were told by locals that it was worth the wait because it is the best breakfast in Montreal.  They were right.  Beware, we were told sometimes the line is huge. Ambiance: Very trendy. They had a LCD TV in the bathroom and crazy music. Very strange bathroom... The seating area was very classy.Service: Excellent and staff was dressed professionally. Menu is in French only and the server had to explain many of the menu items. The manager was able to sit down with us and point us to some of the "highlights" in montreal. These were some of the unknown, hard to find spots.Food: The best. Large portions and everything tasted awesome. The selection on the menu was almost too much. All 6 of us in our party agreed that this one of the best if not the best breakfast we have ever had. Between us all we ordered French toast, Omelet, eggs Benedict (a few different styles). Drinks: Just OK. My Irish coffee was great. But their Bloody Mary needs some serious work.Cost: With drinks will run you about $20.
4	I was looking for a good breakfast place and Yelp recommended this place in Montreal.  I must say overall I was impressed with the food.  I went there on a Tuesday morning for breakfast so it wasn't that busy (though it did get busy at lunch time when we were getting ready to leave).  Based on other reviews I understand there can be quite a wait though depending on when you go so be prepared.Their brunch menu offered a nice selection of dishes.  I ordered the chorizo 2 which is eggs benedict done with chorizo sausage served with homemade potatoes.  Overall this dish was very well done.  My companion had something similar and thought it was quite tasty as well.  I will say the hollandaise sauce was quite rich however, too rich for my blood.  I am sure that meal had well over 2000 calories and half of them was in the hollandaise sauce alone.  I wish they had gone a little lighter on the sauce but the meal was still quite enjoyable.The reason they lose a star is for the terrible service.  I'm from Ottawa originally and I'm visiting Montreal and I do understand that people are a bit more 'trendy' in Montreal but I could not get the look the staff were going for.  The only term I can use to describe the staff that work there are 'ignorant hipsters who don't care about their patrons'.  The attire of the male staff working there was something an angry emo teenager would wear.  Our waiter was rude and no where to be found most of the time.  I had to flag other staff down just to get a refill on coffee, to get the bill etc.  The menu is French only and I think in this day and age having an English menu is a must for most places in Montreal.I did not care for the ambiance at all.  They try very hard to be trendy but in my opinion in just comes off as tacky.  The music was also extremely loud making it difficult to hear anybody trying to speak.  The price-to-quality ratio at L'avenue is good and at the end of the day is the most important thing for me.  If you can look beyond the tackiness of this place and the poor service, the food is quite good here.
4	I had one of the eggs Benedict dishes. The portions were rather large for me, however the meal, as is expected of eggs benedicts, hearty and sumptuous. The hollandaise sauce was rich and fulfilled my comfort food craving. :) I really liked the servers
5	After waiting in line outside in the cold Montreal winter for 30 minutes and finally being seated at a small table with 2 tables on either side of it, approx. 3 inches away, I was not in the most open mood and was thinking this place might've been too overhyped.Oh sweet Jesus was I wrong. Best breakfast I've ever (or probably will ever) have. I had the Chorizo Eggs Benedict and I can't even express how delicious it was. Those potatoes are the best potatoes of any kind I've ever had. I'm still upset I had to leave some in the bowl because I was so full from the amount of food. Even the English Muffin at the bottom of the eggs benedict was somehow mindblowingly good.My guest had french toast with his meal which I was able to try and it's sweet fluffy deliciousness was something to behold. I don't even like french toast that much! He also had a latte which was also made incredibly well. And the regular white toast must've been in-house made because it was also incredible. Somehow this place took white bread and a latte and made it something worth commenting on.Also, the rumours are true about the bathroom. Take a visit even if you don't have to go. It's a pretty psychedelic experience.
4	We stopped by Monday afternoon for an extended weekend brunch and were not disappointed. I've never seen so many benedict's! It also seemed to not be the busiest, which probably made our experience so-much-better. There's not a lot of waiting area that wouldn't put you hovering over another table.I got the duck confit (coin coin benedict). The presentation was all you could ever want from your brunch. There were potatoes and a fruit skewer. My only complaint is that it was all a little under seasoned. Salting duck confit at the table might be viewed at as a cry for help.The bathrooms are one of a kind for sure. Black lights, wall mirror, graffiti, wild life nature programs playing on a flatscreen tv in the bathroom make for a memorable experience for sure. Though you may want to consider who you bring here for this reason. It's also a bit loud for 11am. Grandma might not appreciate. The menu is French only, but most items are so simple and universal that if you're foodie enough to be eating in this place, it should be fine.It does seem that it might be better to be a regular here... or if you're in a hurry, to get a cold sandwich. One or the other. The couple next to us got some sandwiches (equally as beautiful as our bennies) about 10 minutes before our order came.All things considered, I'd definitely put this on my breakfast list for the next time I return to Montreal.
4	I'm not usually one for waiting in long lines for food, but when we were told that L'avenue is the best brunch place in the world (not just Montreal), I hope that it would justify a 50 minute wait in the snowy cold.  When we finally sat down, it felt less like a restaurant and more like a club, with the bright funky decor and techno-house playing in the background.  With an overwhelming assortment of eggs, pancakes, omelets, and benedicts to choose from, you'll have no problem finding exactly what you want.After taking some time, I ordered the Idaho omelet while the BF opted for the omelet with duck confit.  When the food finally arrived, I was aghast at how large the portion sizes were.  My plate contained a huge, four egg omelet, bursting with ingredients, a ramekin of roasted potatoes, a fruit skewer, and a bagel on the side.  I couldn't get over just how much food was sitting there.  And the taste?  Excellent.  The omelet was cooked perfectly with fluffy eggs and savory ingredients.  I would have preferred my bagel dry instead of slathered already with butter, but not a big complaint.  His duck omelet was also very tasty.Aside from the slow kitchen and service, I would totally go back in a heartbeat to try more of the menu.  Everything that was coming out of the kitchen looked incredible.  One of the few places that was worth the long long wait just to get in the door.  Best brunch in the world?  That's a stretch, but certainly one to remember for a long long time.And definitely check out the restrooms!
4	After waiting 1hour for a table... we finally sat down and ordered a fresh cocktail!The food was really good and the restroom spectacular! Don't forget to check them out!!
5	Let me sum up what's good here:1. Portion-price ratio2. Good music selection3. Savory holland Sauce on Eggs benedict4. Home fries that are buttery and taste like potato55. Fresh fruits on shishkabob stick (didn't know canada could have fresh tropical fruits)6. Cheap, unlimited coffee refillsbonus: take a camera with you to the bathroom. black lights, drawings, and the tv screen make it the coolest bathroom i've ever been in.
2	Very good eggs benedict, but they cannot for their lives cook sunny-side up or over-easy/medium/hard eggs.I've never had a waiter argue so fervently that over-medium eggs should have uncooked whites! Good grief.
3	It was my first time to try Eggs benedict. Me an my husband looked up on yelp and found this place. We went there on Friday around 3:30-4:00ish, so we didn't need to wait so long. Only 2girls were before us.(few days later we've seen ppl are waiting on a very long line)So, the eggs benedict was really good. We ordered two kinds and shered. We really enjoyed, but afterwards, we both had a minor stomach upset all day long....mmm.
5	The boyfriend and I were visiting Montreal for the weekend and decided to try out this restaurant. He got the confit omelet with carmelized onion, apple and Brie cheese and it was delicious. The confit was cooked perfectly and went well with the other ingredients to give it a nice, savory taste. I ordered the caramelized banana crepes and my food was equally as good, but a lot sweeter. I liked the vibe and everyone working there was really nice. I will definitely be back if in Montreal again.
4	I've been here for supper and for brunch.  The dinner menu is good but I deifnitely prefer this place for brunch.  The line-ups to get a table can sometimes be long which is annoying however it is definitely worth the wait.They always serve a fruit skewer with their plates and I like that a lot.  The pancakes are nice and fluffy and I am a fan of using the baguette for toast.  The potatoes too are delicious!
3	First of all, WOW. If you go there for no other reason, go just to check out the decor and the badass washrooms. Hot! The main wall is covered in graffiti, and you can find a funky motorcycle suspended from the ceiling. I refer to their 'facilities' as the 'disco bathrooms' but you can check them out for yourself to see why :)While we were waiting, the waiter brought over two fruit skewers, which we thought was a nice touch. The place was pretty packed so we welcomed the snack. I started with a smoothie (strawberries, raspberries, mint, basil) and it was delicious. Super fruity and served in a giant fish bowl glass, topped with (another) fruit skewer. So good!  They have a pretty extensive menu and I finally settled on La Biquette - an omelet stuffed with veggies and goat cheese, and accompanied by potatoes and yes,  another fruit skewer. My omelet was huge - way too big for one person and I felt that it was a bit of a waste to make such big omelets only to leave half of them on your plate (I know - who complains about a portion being too big, right? Me, that's who!). That said, I didn't realize that it was a 4-egg omelet until my friend pointed it out so next time, I'll ask for a 2-egg omelet and hopefully they will be able to accommodate. The omelet was well-stuffed with veggies and cheese but if you didn't grab some cheese with those veggies, it was a little lacking in flavor. The potatoes were very tasty.L'Avenue is a hot spot, so expect a line-up. We got there around 11:30 on a Saturday, and didn't have to wait too long for a table.
5	First and foremost can I say wow!! Came here for brunch on Saturday around 3 ish and  was expecting a huge line but there was only one couple in front us! Woo hoo! We really lucked out! One of the waiters was about to seat us in a tiny table in front but decided to move us to a booth in the back for my friend and I! Can you say VIP treatment? It only got better from there! Our server was so attentive offering up suggestions for a good brunch since the menu was in French. I ended up with Eggs Benedict with Salmon, a fruit kebab, and some freshly squeezed orange juice. Firstly, I can proudly state that this was the best brunch I have ever had and I consider myself a professional bruncher! Not only was the meal plentiful but the quality of the ingredients was superb. My friend had an omelette with goat cheese and it was amazing, I have never tasted an omelette like that in my life. Price is about 15 bucks for a meal but that's a steal for the amount of food and the amazing quality you get. Plus the service is fabulous, something that a lot of restaurants seem to forget about. Our server always came back to ask us about our meal and kept the coffee flowing.After all this was done I have to say the hidden or not so hidden gem has got to be the washroom! Yes the washroom! It's like stepping into another dimension with black lights and graffiti. That has got to be the most unexpected/creative washroom I've ever been in. So fun and entertaining don't forget to snap some pics while in there!
4	The line up was a bit long so we waited, but good things happen to those who wait. I got seated directly under a motorcycle. We had the eggs with fruit, potatoes, bacon and toast and they were super attractively plated and nicely priced for the portion, the server was really nice and they took our food allergies seriously letting us substitute for no charge. I will be returning.However I watched my food wait on the counter for a few minutes under the heat lamp with all those attractive eggs benedicts and it was lukewarm on arrival even though it was steaming when they prepared it as i witnessed.
4	I must say after staying in Montreal for 2 weeks, this is the best place to have breakfast. You have to try the classic and coin coin (duck) eggs benedict. They are the best! Coin coin and classic have a little sweet in its savoury nature. Don't know about the queue because I usually go at 12 noon on a weekday. The queue is short then. However waiting time still is a little long. Did I mention there's a super duper cute and awesome welcomer? He literally swept my friends and I off our feet when we first saw him. Be sure to give this place a try!Decorations in the cafe is just nice, it isn't too much. However I must say as much as I love the washrooms, it's quite scary as they have changed to glow in the dark paints.
5	We were here for the Canadian Grand Prix. Best brunch ever. Price fits the copious amounts of delicious food served. Ordered various egg benedictines concoctions. The juice cocktails are made for two or three people. Coffee is lacking (espresso tasted burnt and traditional coffee was weak).  Servers were extraordinarily friendly.  Glow in the dark bathroom came in third as my favorite part of the visit. Came here two days in a row on a weekend.  The line was worth the wait. Get there before 9:30am on weekends or be prepared to wait.
5	Great food, great ambiance. We had a big group, 8 of us and even though there was a line the wait wasn't too bad to get a table for us all, they took care of us and didn't seem resentful about 8 loud half-drunk americans. Service was a bit slow, but i'm also from the states where i think we take our fast service for granted, everywhere we went service was slow and by the time we got to l'avenue we had learnt to accept it. Our waiter was awesome, can't remember his name but he took care of us, gave recommendations and sent us on our way with some parting shots. All but one of us got the chorizo eggs benedict, and we didn't regret it. Perfect brunch meal after a night of drinking. Ordered beers but some others had their cocktails and mentioned they were strong and delicious. Make sure to visit the restroom on your way out, completes the visit (weird, i know, but trust me)If i'm back in MTL anytime soon i will definitely be making another stop!
5	Worth the wait.Just like everyone else, I think this place is fantastic.  I had the ...  well I don't remember the French name for it, it was the "I want to eat everything because it looks so good so bring me all of the things" breakfast.  Great stuff!The lady says that hers was "out of control good". They'll also bring you both coffee AND beer, which is pretty ideal at noon.
4	Great food, great service and great portion. You must order their mango, pineapple and lychee drink, it was so good! Each serving comes with  skewer of fruits. Their Benedict came with seasoned potatoes and a skewer of fruits. The french toasts were huge but it was okay, cannot say it was the best french toast I've ever had. Overall, the food was good!
5	Taking the first bite of any eggs Benedict at restaurant l'avenue is as good as your first orgasm. They have so many different combinations to pick from. Home fries are amazing and they have the coolest bathrooms. Great service and excellent staff!
5	This is the BEST eggs benedict I've ever had. Tried the Salmon, Ham, Bacon, and Steak & Eggs, and HANDS DOWN, the HAM is the BEST. It's cooked in beer and maple. Doesn't get any better than that. Has a slight kick to it, but nothing over powering. Perfectly cooked eggs, delicious potatoes, and a nice skewer of fruit to go with it. And for a VERY reasonable price.Love this place! The only thing I wasn't a fan of was how close all the tables were together, and the music was very 'club-like' which didn't really add to the atmosphere. Still fun tho :)
1	We came here based on the great yelp reviews since we were looking for a new breakfast place to try. The first minus was a huge wait, we stood in the line for about 45 minutes. I don't mind the wait if the food is good. The second minus was that they don't have any English languague menus, so we had to rely on the recommendation from the staff. The final minus was the food. Not sure if it was just a bad day, but the food was not seasoned at all. There was no salt, pepper or any other seasoning in their food. We ordered duck confit omelet, and eggs benedict. Nothing was good, and definitely will not be back.
5	I came here with my sister on a Monday morning and to our surprise there was a line out the door.  Nonetheless, the line progressed quickly, and anyway, whatever we waited, it was completely worth it!I had THE BEST PANCAKES I have ever had in my life.  These were pancakes with Nutella, bananas, and coconut shavings accompanied with the Captain Morgan Rum flavored syrup.  The large mocaccinos we had we also delicious!Our server was very friendly!
1	This place is overly pretentious.It's unfair to comment on the wait outside seeing as that's out of control.  However, the wait for our food was obscenely long.  It took 35 minutes to get our order of fried calamari, and then it took another half hour to get our club sandwiches.  It shouldn't take that long to make a cold sandwich.  The sandwich was very unappealing, there was barely any guacamole in it, it was turning brown as well.  My friend's truffle omelette was soaked in oil and had no trace of truffle flavouring.Customers that arrived after we did got their fruits long before we did as well, even after we asked them to bring us ours.The hollandaise sauce at this place is at best mediocre, it's flavourless, too thick, and the food in general is far too oily.Getting the staff's attention is overly difficult, they should focus less on how "hip" theyre dressing and focus more on service and communicating to the kitchen that their food is very disappointing.Would not visit again, and will actively suggest to others to avoid this place.
2	Maybe I should have stuck to the eggs Benedict as the burger underwhelmed. After striking out at the must try to get in spot close by I checked the places I had bookmarked and this place was the closest and had no wait on a Friday night.The interior is striking to stay the least. I was dinning alone so didn't care and just wanted something to fuel up. The burger seemed like a decent option so I decided to go with the Kobe style beef version. I was asked how I would like it cooked and I asked for chef's choice (medium rare)The service was poor actually as the server had to be flagged to get things going. On to the burger looked hefty so will get you going I guess. Devoid of taste and barely spiced I would say one can do a lot better. Fries were nothing special either.
3	If you're feeling hungover and think that L'Avenue is a great place to go for breakfast... STOP EVERYTHING.  First, it'll take about an hour at peak times before you're seated. Then, once you finally do get a table, it'll be next to the DJ who's blaring (seriously, blaring) some awful, d-grade, repetitive house music. You'll eat faster than you ever have because (a) that's what 180 bpm will do to your chewing pattern, and (b) the throbbing headache that ensues will be too unbearable to stay any longer. Admittedly, their brunch menu is amazing (probably the best potatoes in the city). And maybe I'm just being a curmudgeon about this, but it's hard to enjoy a meal when your head is rattling from the bass.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Montreal for 5 days and after coming for Brunch on our 3rd day, we were back the next!Restaurant L'avenue is literally the best brunch place I have ever been to. I'm serious.I tried the Eggs Benedict, which was good, however, I forgot to order it with ham and got a brisket type meat instead which I was less fond of.The second time I got a combo of eggs, ham, bagel, fruit skewer, and potatoes and fell in love. It's everything I've ever wanted in brunch.My boyfriend got the blueberry, banana, strawberry french toast both times and when I asked him what I should write he enthusiastically said, "Best f***ing french toast I've ever had... twice."The staff is super friendly and speak both French & English, and the place is very trendy. (Check out the black-lit washroom!) There was a line both times but the wait isn't too long and well worth the wait. 100% recommended. Go Go Go!
4	Eggs Benedict with Chorizo very tasty so much you will not want anything else all day, coffee good, juice fresh squeezed, service is good, restaurant is a bit crowded. You have got check out the washrooms. All in all as good a brunch as you will get anywhere.
5	yum, yum, yumCan't do brunch there all the time as I would weigh 1000lbs but it's our go to place for when people are in town.  Even though you have to get there early, it's totally worth it!!
5	Okay, we saw the long line on a Sunday morning and, unfortunately, decided to go to the other brunch place across the street where we had so-so food and mediocre service.  So we came back the next morning, on Monday, to eat Restaurant l'avenue. This time we were able to get a table with no wait.  And boy, it was worth the extra effort to dine here: my curried eggs benedict was one of the best things I have ever eaten for breakfast.  The baked goods were top notch and the service was charming (and beautiful).  If you are over 40, come here and discover what the young generation of Montreal is all about: educated, urbane, worldly, flirty, and interested in innovative cuisine.  The experience will take a decade off your age.  Restaurant l'avenue is the place for brunch in Montreal!
2	Cute decor, ok atmosphere, good location.  Sadly I have to agree with many of the other negative review points for L'avenue.  Crowded, loud, wait staff with enough snotty attitude for all of Montreal and the food was just eh.  Seriously, I've had my fair share of eggs Benedict in my life & theirs was nothing special & def not worth the hype & other crap you have to put up with there.  It took our waiter 45 minutes just to take our coffee order, mean while he was hanging out at the counter chatting.  Insulting.  And he refused to speak in English & said there was no English menu.  Or so we were told.  We did try to speak in French, but I find it ridiculous when EVERY other place in Montreal is more than happy to speak in English & French.
4	Delicious breakfast. I got the steak and eggs:  eggs Benedict atop steak with a delicious sauce. I was also impressed by the available Tabasco choices
4	Greatness all the way around. Beware, there is always a line outside so don't wait to try another time when you see it.. it is worth the wait and the line moves really quick.I came up to Montreal to visit a few friends staying in Montreal for the summer and the 1st place (and last!) we went was Restaurant l'avenue, believe me it did not disappoint. You must get the smoothies! They are HUGE... like you should probably share it with whomever you are with because it is practically a meal in itself. I had an oreo milkshake with my breakfast on our last day (ya, aren't I a healthy eater ;)) haha. The milkshake was so thick and wonderful - like your dream frappe-ish milkshake. One note - be prepared all you non-french speaking Americans (like myself), the menu is in French.. no english here buddy. I had a benedict with french toast the first time. You know me - I love that sweet and savory. ;) It was really good and the food came out quickly. The breakfast potatoes are BOMB... no but really they are so good. Of course the maple syrup is real... obviously, this is Canada folks, and it comes out in cute little cans. My breakfast on the last day of our trip was a ham and cheese crepe. It was cheesy gooey magic but the benedict was better. They are legend for them apparently and I can see why. YUM.
5	This might be the best breakfast I had all year.  I ordered a simple bagel and was pleasantly surprised that it came with fresh fruit (delicious!) and potatoes.  The cappuccino I ordered was delicious. The interior of the restaurant is nicely decorated (definitely check out the bathroom!) and it was well worth the short wait to get in.
5	Service sucks ,great food, wish manue in English, will come back just coz if the food , wait time about 45 min .
4	I have to apologize to my table mate and friends. I just could not stop rolling my eyes when you just could not decide what to order at Restaurant l'avenue.I could not blame you all when I suggested we should just order a mixture of some breakfast/brunch items and SHARE... and you all told me you were hungry and could eat a horse or the whole thing by yourself. But you never read all these Yelp reviews nor see any of the photos... And on top you all ordered a Smoothie each?! I know that smoothie alone would have filled you all up without actually eating any real food...But....Egg Benedicts were all done perfectly with such cute plating. Oh and those fresh fruit skewers.. They were staring at all these food...and we don't even have enough space on the table to fit all these food...Enormous Servings of Comfort food perfect for sharing. You know Sharing means Caring... But I didn't blame them, they didn't know what they were getting into.... The wait was not that bad 20 minute tops on a weekday...yes it definitely worth the wait!
5	Does this place need any more 5 star reviews? Yes. Because I had one of the best brunches of my life there, and I have had so many great brunches. Memories...I got grilled peach and granola pancakes that were heavenly. The coffee was great. The server was very attentive. The booth was spacious, and the room was full of natural light. Love.
4	We took the advice of other Yelp reviewers and were not disappointed!!Restaurant was full, service was friendly and the food was DELICIOUS! The pure maple service served in the can was a serendipity. Great cappuccino and perfectly crisp bacon complimented light pancakes toped with generous helping of fresh fruit.  Definitely recommend this place. Worth the wait!
4	This is a cute breakfast spot with a huge selection of breakfast/brunch options. The cappuccino and fresh juices were very good. The food portions here are huge! The egg combination dishes give you more than enough food for even the hungriest diner. My scrambled eggs were fluffy and flavorful - cooked perfectly. The pancakes (crepes americaine) are lighter and fluffier than most American pancakes. It was a pleasant change. The French toast was fantastic, topped high with lots of fresh banana, strawberries, and blueberries. The servers here were great - very friendly and attentive! We easily found street parking on a weekday morning, but it looks like this would be a crowded spot on the weekends, when train travel would probably be better than driving.
5	So I went in for dinner yesterday. Tried their Irish stew Sheppard's pie. The price mark at $18 seemed high but it turned out to be more than enough for two and the flavors were perfect. Perfect thing for a winter night. This place is worth checking for suppers. The burgers looked amazing.
5	Me and girlfriend went to Montreal to see Cirque du Soleil at the Bell Centre and stayed in a hotel for the night. Before leaving, we went here for brunch.The restaurant's interior is so artsy, graffiti on the wall and a replica of Harley-Davidson motorcycle hanging! It was so cool! Their menu is in French and no English translation, so it might be hard for people who doesn't understand French. But their servers can speak perfect English for sure they can help.The food was excellent, my girlfriend had an apple pancakes and I had chorizo! It was ONE OF THE BEST BREAKFAST we've ever had! L'Avenue is like heaven! If I live in Montreal, I would go here frequently for brunch! When we went here, it was a snowstorm, but there's a huge line outside! We were lucky we went there early like around 10 am didn't have to wait for a table. Imagine that, even on a snowstorm people patiently waited outside for a table at L'Avenue! So come early! Oh, the frontside of the restaurant is kind of tight, so be careful when squeezing in between two tables and taking your coats off, you might accidentally elbow someone or their glass of water. Also, they tend to play their music a bit louder, which I didn't mind, but if your preferred environment for your morning meal is more quiet Downton Abbey-style, then this place is not for you.I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Maybe the best brunch of my life.7 of us on New Year's eve around 2:30pm.  Waited for 15 - 20 minutes.  Had the steak and eggs benedict, banana and nutella pancakes and french toast w/ berries and bananas.  HIGHLY recommend the pancakes.  Fluffy and smothered with melty nutella and syrupy bananas along with a cup full of caramel sauce on the side that is AMAZING.  The shakes are huge and maybe too sweet.
5	It's a brunch place and there's tons of those and in the end it's all some variation of eggs and breads, but no! L'Avenue is special: starting from the great service, to the bomb music and all the way to the Benedicts that were an explosion of taste in your mouth. In. Your. Mouth!Had the streak and eggs Benedict as well as the goat cheese Benedict. Both 10/10 would eat again, and again, and again.Extra info: check out their trippy bathrooms. I probably spent the same amount there as I did at the table just trying to read/see everything. Some lady shit herself waiting for me, but that's a story for another time
5	Nothing less than 5 stars!, Absolutely amazing food and service!The eggs-benedict is their signature dish.  Great portions are given too!Wonderful atmosphere!Please open up one in downtown Toronto!!! :)
3	I LOVED the restaurant atmosphere. I've had the benedict a couple times. It tends to be slightly too heavy/rich for my liking, but everyone that I take there seems to love the place. Slow service, but good for a relaxed brunch
5	Amazing brunch! This spot has it all: cool vibe, good service, strong drinks and absolutely delicious food. Many people seem to think so as well, you'll see them lined up outside in a freezing cold. I suggest reservations or come early, either way this is the place worth standing on line for - just not in -20 :)) Eggs Benedict seems to be their staple dish, there are like 20 variations of them. Anything you get comes with fresh fruit and home fries. This is not your regular home fries though - this is the perfection, the absolute king of any home fries I ever had. Anyway, food is phenomenal, finger-licking good. A must visit while in Montreal!
2	In a city like Montreal, you have to have great food to survive.  Unfortunately, this place focuses all energy on appearance and being trendy, with the food taking second stage.  Unless you're the type of person who just wants to be seen, it's not worth the long line.
4	This artsy and fun bistro in the Plateau neighborhood is clearly popular with locals at brunch, and it features a French-only menu. It was one of my more memorable dining experiences in Montreal. The brunch menu consists of typical omelets, french toast, and breakfast foods, but the specialty of the house is the eggs benedict. I'm normally not a fan of the runny Benedict, but I did enjoy the chorizo benedict a great deal. The atmosphere is artsy and hipster, and the crowd tended towards the same. The music was great. It was a great meal and a fun place to people watch. We arrived around 1 pm and had no wait or line.The bathroom was awesome. If you miss it, you will be "blue".One area for improvement for this restaurant is the service. We were seated quickly, but then left for at least 7-10 minutes without any menu or assistance. When we requested something, the waiter would disappear for long periods. I realize that we Americans tend to get into a rush at restaurants, but the service bordered on the neglectful. If I have to hunt down a server to request a menu, something needs to be addressed in terms of attitudes or staffing. Once we had the food, I was delighted.
4	You know how people go on these awesome quests to discover all the best of certain things, mostly food dishes? For example, finding the best burger, the best pizza or the best taco joint, etc... Well, if you're making that list for Eggs Benedict, I think you may need a pit stop at Restaurant L'avenue in #Montreal.We snuck in before a 30 minute wait and grabbed the last table by the door in this ever so hip, yet a bit small restaurant. With only French menus, I did decipher a few things, but our lovely waitress in a hurry let us know that they are known for their Eggs Benedict. We ordered up 2 sets of Bennies, his with Montreal smoked meat, swiss, mustard and of course hollandaise and mine with mushrooms, garlic aioli, bacon and hollandaise. They arrived about 15 minutes or so later. Cold. Boo, but silver lining is that they were still some of the best Eggs Benedict I've ever had.That hollandaise sauce was superb. So light and airy, with hints of lemon, but oh so rich and creamy with the perfect consistency. The flavor combo of the mushrooms, bacon and garlic confit was heavenly and oh so different in the best way possible from the rich and salty bites of smoked meat covered in dripping yolk. If it was a tad bit warmer, the dish would have been unquestionably one of the best things I've eaten in a while. If this wasn't enough, the dishes were accompanied with perfectly seasoned breakfast potatoes and a skewer of delicious fresh fruit. I was stuffed to the gills by the end of this proper brunch and although Eggs Benedict are quite gluttonous, I didn't feel too heavy or guilty.So this leads me to why this review was not five stars. Our service lacked a bit, hence cold food. Not sure if this is a regular thing here, but they were severely understaffed. Granted it was a Monday at 11am and they were slammed, but with only 2 servers for the 50 people seated, I'd imagine that was why our food was cold. Another negative was that the coffee sucked, comparable to dirty diner coffee with the creamer packets on the side.The other dishes being served look magnificent and in a foodie city like Montreal, when there's a savage line on a Monday late morning, you know whatever they're serving must be good. Bonus: One of the coolest, if not THE coolest bathrooms ever. Worth the trip even if you don't have to pee.
1	Writing this on behalf of my boyfriend and one close friend:This is the worst brunch!First, you have to wait for a LONG time to get in. After this long, you would expect their food to be good. But NOOOOOO, their food did not taste good at all, they said they could barely finish them.Both of them won't consider ever go there again. One last comment, sometimes, restaurants with good yelp reviews just don't taste as good. Don't have high expectations!
3	I went here last time, I visited Montreal and I wanted to check it out again.Food: 3.5/5We were here for the lunch rush. The line up outside is crazy, especially on a cold winter day. We waited about 25 min in the cold. You have to line up before you even see the host. Only once you actually get in do you get to ask to get a table.I ordered the Eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. I don't think I enjoyed this as much as a did last time. I was a bit disappointed. The benny was good, but I found my dish a bit cold, and one of my eggs had broken when I received it. The hollandaise sauce on it was nice and creamy. I liked the potato hash that accompanied the benny. Serving a plate of fruit first, is smart so it didn't seem like we waited too long for our food.My boyfriend got the chirizo benny, which I actually enjoyed more. The chirizo added a nice element to the dish.The servers are super busy (there was only 3 of them, plus the 1 host/bus boy) and the place was super packed. But they were friendly. The service wasn't the fastest, but that was to be expected with the place so busy. The coffee was good, it was strong and served hot.Decor: 4/5I liked the funky decor of the place. Very artsy and colourful. There is motorcyle hanging from the ceiling and a manequin on display. The washroom is cool with the black light  and graffiti art. It's certainly the most unique restaurant washroom, I have ever visited.  I liked the food...but not sure it was worth the 25 minute wait in the cold.
4	Best eggs benedict I've ever had! My husband and I took a trip to Montreal for the long weekend and decided to come here for brunch.  First, HUGE line out the door.  It was freezing in montreal that weekend and it was no fun lining up outside.  It seems to be the trend in Montreal as most places we went to that weekend seemed to have a line up out the door! Regardless, this place was totally worth the wait in the cold. Inside, it's a bit cramped but I don't mind being cramped as long as I'm not waiting in the freezing cold...so good for them for maximizing space usage in their restaurant! The menu is completely in French and despite me having taken French well into my senior year of high school, I was pretty rusty and was pretty thankful for Mr. Google translator! haha I ordered the eggs benedict with panko crusted french toast.  It was the perfect blend of sweet and salty.  So good...best eggs benedict ever!  My husband ordered the steak and eggs benny.  Very different flavours in the two dishes but very well developed flavours.  We enjoyed both thoroughly.  We also loved the skewer of fruit! The only complaint we had was that service a bit slow.  We ordered right after the table next to us ordered but we didn't get our food until they were almost finished their breakfast! We will definitely be visiting this place again on our next trip to Montreal!
5	Dear Yelp: I think you need to look into extending the 5-star rating because for places like L'Avenue, 5 stars is a major understatement. We were instructed to arrive before 10 a.m but I really doubt that made much of a difference. However, I'm not here to complain, but rather to rave and to let eveyone know that a 40 min. wait for L'Avenue is well worth it!The place is exquisitely decorated with spray-painted walls and modern-like lamps hung horizontally to the floor. The kitchen is at the very front of a restaurant, which I believe was done on purpose to have all the people waiting in line salivating. Of course I had the eggs benedict to see that the fuss was all about and truth be told I still have really pleasent dreams about those home fries and fresh-cut mushrooms.Conclusion - when in Montreal, L'Avenue is a must!
5	Now here's a happy accident! A popular place in the area was closed for brunch only for us to find out at the restaurant doorstep. Major bummer, right? We scrambled around for a decent place and were led to L'Avenue. A line was forming out the door so we too, had to fall in. Half an hour later of standing out in the cold, a table opens up for two. Booyah! We walked in to a warm and vibrant atmosphere of brunchers and their libations in hand. It was the weekend after all! My friend and I were more than happy to join in the fun. The place was packed, loud, and colorful! It felt like one big party was going on inside and I loved every bit of the vibe in the room. Our server was very French and so was the menu. No English menu available. Sure I could read some of the ingredients but who was I kidding?! I was starving and had no intention on doing a refresher of culinary French terms. Our very kind and quick server explained the menu to us so graciously and led us to order two kinds of eggs benedict that we will remember for quite some time...STEAK and EGGS. Wow! It was a beautiful plate full of promise. One bite and I was in heaven. Meat was tender and amazingly flavorful. The hollandaise sauce was fantastic. The egg, ohhh the egg! I cut into it and it was oozing with yellow silky yolk all over my plate. What a sight that was to behold. EGGS BENEDICT on FRENCH TOAST. Ahhhmazing! The perfect combination of sweet and savory in every spoonful. The toast was fluffy with a nice touch of "coconutty" sweetness while the ham, egg, and sauce had enough brine to let each ingredient shine. Yeah, that rhymed! Can't decide which one I like better but these two Bennies are without a doubt the best I've had, just yet.Servings are quite large but they're so good you'll end up finishing it anyway. My friend and I had one of each since an order comes with two pieces. Perfect sharing item, indeed. Both came with delicious rosemary seasoned potatoes and fresh fruits on the side. How complete can that brunch be? On that note, let's not forget how fantastic their mimosas were. Freshly squeezed OJ with some pulp and the right ratio of champagne to juice. Cheers! To wait out in the cold was a pain but I would have done it all over again on this same trip if only time was our friend in this city. I highly recommend!
4	What to say about l'Avenue, it is such a hip and vibing environment. Every single time I come here , I can't help it but to enjoy the originality of the restaurant. The staff is polite, nice and courteous, they definitely care about the customers. Service can be slow but that's completly normal I think in such a restaurant when rushes seem to be ordinary and some orders' mistakes could happen. The menu is vast and offers an insane variety of choice for everyone's taste from brunch to dinner choices.I took what I usually take , "Bon Ben moi jprend toute" , it was very good , definitely a huge meal I'm actually surprise I finished it this time. My bread was a little bit hard , and I couldn't really appreciate it's taste with the creton. However, pretty much everything else was the perfection . My scrambled eggs was delicious, I had a large portion of delightful sausages and bacon. The mashed potatoes are really good, I will admit that. And lastly , the fruits were fresh and tasty to my tummy.Really looking forward to next time L'Avenue!
5	It is a tourist attraction for good brunch! And we take our friends new to montreal to see and have food here.For Moslims: I recommend the following ranked benedicts:1- arc-en-ciel: with smoked salmon2- mr. Seguin: with spinach and goat cheese3- breton: with vegetable like pizzaTry mint-basil-berries smoothy! So good!!
5	Go here every time I am in Montreal because these are the best egg benedicts I have ever taste and their fruit smoothies are delicious :)
5	Incredible food!!! My boyfriend said he had the best Benedict ever! The Benedict are a must!!! And smoothies are amazing!! Just get it all!
5	For Moslims: I recommend the following ranked benedicts:1- arc-en-ciel: with smoked salmon2- mr. Seguin: with spinach and goat cheese3- breton: with vegetable like pizza
4	This is a fantastic place for brunch/breakie. Only a couple of things holding it back from a 5 star rating but I'll get to that at the end. Lots of items to choose, but most should head to the extensive Benedicts selection. I chose the Coin Coin Benedictine, the one with the delicious duck confit. Couldn't be happier with this dish. Healthy portions, tender duck underneath nicely made poached eggs. The roasted potatoes weren't burnt or too salty. I was well satiated afterwards. So what were the knocks? Coffee was subpar compared to other Montreal brunch spots and the service was hit or miss. Our server seated us without menus but the food arrived promptly. Overall, highly recommended!
5	Probably the best eggs benedict that I've had in Montreal. They had a wide selection of different eggs benedict dishes ranging from $12-20, depending on what you want including Steak, Churrizo, salmon and etc. The dish comes with delicious potatoes as well. The eggs are poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce tastes amazing. It was quite filling and well worth the price. The dish is also served with a beautiful fruit skewer. They also have other brunch dishes, although I haven't gotten a chance to try them yet.  However, they have shakes, smoothies and other dessert items that I felt were overpriced. For example, a chocolate shake was about $7 or so? So I opted to order coffee which was reasonably priced and they refill it throughout the meal.
4	A third of my group enjoyed their meal here, though if you ask for any substitutions, prepare for it to go in one ear and out the other. Your meal will be 80% hollandaise sauce. Oh and the french toast was superb.Overall - drinks are great, wait was long, service was whatever, but you'll definitely want to visit the bathroom for a fun selfie.
5	I am not a breakfast person and I absolutely was not expecting a breath-taking experience. My friends and I are all very picky eaters and usually do not walk away from a meal completely satisfied. This is one of the few times we did. Everything - from the complimentary fruit they served at the start, to the amazing smoothies, to the meals - was perfect. We waited 40 minutes to get in around 12:30pm Saturday and I'm not even complaining. We asked people ahead of us in line if they had been there before and whether we should wait or not. Every single person told us that it's worth the wait 100% and I'm so glad we did. Definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Montreal.
3	I was super excited about this place because of all the hyped reviews...I ordered the standard egg Benedict... Too bad it came with piles and piles of dried out hamKeep in mind if your French is a little rusty this might not be the best breakfast brunch spotWe were there at 10:30/11 ish on a Monday... It was packed. When we walked by in the afternoon it was slammed with a line outside.Cool bathrooms but I wouldn't go back
4	See my first review.  Things haven't changed.
3	So conflicted about this place, highs and lows.The food was 5-star. Complimentary fruit skewer was delicious, and the steak and eggs benedict was unbelievable. The service was really poor though.  The waitress, who seemed rather cold to all the tables (including those where the patrons spoke French), was especially abrupt and impatient with us (I don't speak French, and the menu is entirely in French). She completely forgot our drink order (which is fine, it happens).  But when she realized her mistake--she asked for drinks a second time and we reminded her that we had already ordered 10 minutes ago--she just let out an "oh" and walked away.  She pretended like she didn't hear me when I attempted to get her attention (she was 3 ft. away and definitely heard me). Overall, the service was a real downer, and I hope an anomaly!Food was really great though. For real.
4	Large portions and friendly, but a little slow service.
3	We lucked out by walking in for brunch with no line. It was a weekday and happened to get there before a rush. Otherwise, groups were waiting b/w 15-25 minutes (depending on size). The food is pretty damn good as the reviews state. There was NO disappointment there. The place is decorated with cool wall art and motorbikes that hang right above your head (your fine if you're not sitting at one of those tables hehe). Bathrooms are interesting. Overall, I felt really cramped and was a party of 6 instead of 2. Even in NYC they give you 3-5 more inches bw tables than they do at Restaurant l'avenue. The waiter kept going to the wrong table with our water refill, ketchup & fork (I needed a new one). The table next to us got their coffee warmed up at least once and I didn't get one. Poo. I would recommend someone to go for the great food without a doubt. But, as a tourist, it is off my list now & prob wouldn't go back. Unless there was no line. And the tables were a little roomier. And the waiters remembered their customer's orders/requests a tiny bit better. Okay then.
4	Worth waiting for 30 mins. I had an egg benedict with fruits. You're gonna get more quantity of food than you're seeing in the picture. One of server didn't get me a coke but not a big deal. They seemed to be too busy because it was Saturday lunch time.
5	This place is great, easily the best Eggs Benny I've had in a while, I had the spicy chicken eggs and they were a revelation. The portions are pretty huge, I eat a lot but even I couldn't finish this, it was excellent.
5	Had a bad morning.  Got a flat tire last night and my wife had a hangover.  We needed good food and we found it.  This place is the best breakfast place in Montreal period.I will be back for more and I will tell everyone to go.  Oh and don't let the decor distract you.Thank you!!!
5	This place is the best...I just noticed they use salt (pink) from the Himalayas, no iodine, talk about passion for food :-)
5	Delightful combination of very good food, friendly service and reasonable prices. Done up with an edgy, punky decor. My absolute fave in Montreal for breakfast/brunch. (Real maple syrup; no extra charge)
5	Ordered the 'Coin Coin' Benedict, which has duck confit and onions.  Very rich, but not overly salty.  Poached eggs were cooked perfectly, and hollandaise was nice and creamy.  Potatoes were garlic-y delicious.  Also had the french toast with peanut butter, maple syrup, bananas, and yes, bacon all over.  Plate was shoulder length wide with 5-6 pieces of french toast.  The peanut butter and bacon were the highlights, in my opinion.  For drinks, we had a Mocha Iced Coffee, which came in an enormous glass, with the ice blended so the top half tasted like a frappuccino.  The cappuccino was favourful even without any sugar added.  Overall, an experience well worth the line up outside.
4	my husband and I ordered oeufs fameux with fromage and  Benedict montreal smoked meat.  They are quite good.  Better than the same food in other restaurant.If I have to say what are not perfect on our plates are the patates rissolees and the Hollandais sauce.The tates of the ppotatos are good and special, they are cooked with rosemary and some kind of meat.  But they are  too much minced.  I think it's because they are over-boiled.  And we figure out they might make the Hollandais sauce by themselves, the sauce is way too rich, you will feel very stuffed after eating two Benedict eggs.And I'm surprised that they charged for the coffee which other restaurants seem don't do. We paid $35 tax included for that meal.   It's an enjoyable meal anyhow.  We will go back again.
5	Wow wow wow!!! This place met all the reviews. However, brush up on your french because menu is only in french. The portions are large and very filing. But so good. Highly recommend the banana nutella french toast, and the Eggs Benedict's they are famous for worth it. I would probably pick the benedict florentine or mushroom next time, but the steak eggs benedict was hearty and delivered exactly as promised.
5	Best Brunch I've ever had...even though the menus are only in French, do not worry, because the incredibly friendly wait staff will help you find exactly what you're looking for.  First, they bring you a nice little tasting of Fresh Fruit as an appetizer.  Very Fresh, Very yummy.  Then come the main courses...I had the Banana/Captain Morgan/Nutella French Toast - it was absolutely amazing.  The best French Toast I've ever had and they get everything just right - not too much or too little of anything.  My boyfriend got the salmon Eggs Benedict and he said the same...really, really, really good.  As were the breakfast potatoes that came with it.  I will go back.
4	A must go to for brunch! We waited in line for an hour and it was well worth it. From the fresh fruit smoothies to the french toast and eggs bennedict... superb!The only annoyance is the wait of course. But when the food is good, the wait is to be expected. Another spot in Montreal we will be sure to visit again.
5	Best brunch I've ever had. Yelp is forcing me to add words to my review so I'm doing just that right now but there's no need for more. That first sentence is enough for anyone who likes brunch to go there tomorrow morning.
5	An excellent place to brunch and have a great breakfast. Totally filling. I had the truffled eggs on toasted brioche with mushrooms and it was YUMMY. There's always a line and I had walked by thinking: My goodness the food must be good and cheap!I was not disappointed. I'd love to go back and try their Eggs Benedict or basically anything on their menu (except Crepes.. I can eat those at home).SO SO SO good.Menu is only in French, the receipt was kind of weird, it looked like I had already paid (?) and I was full at the end which is saying something (I usually need two breakfasts' to feel full)Oh.. and the bathrooms are very cool. Totally surprised me and caught me off guard when I visited. Wear white for a max effect ;)
5	I was always a fan of this place despite not being able to eat gluten.  Breakfast is usually one of the easiest meals of the day for my allergy.  I would usually order a scrambled egg dish with plenty of mushrooms and tell the staff to skip the toast.However, they're doing awesome things with their eggs benedict now.  Their benny sauce is gluten free and they offer gluten free toast on their menu. Celiacs and gluten intolerant folks can rejoice.This place is incredibly tasty and the price point is great considering they bring you a mountain of food with good service (despite their suspiciously long table queue).Come enjoy!
4	This place is absolutely fat-tastic! There is a reason for the wait, and so if you have the luxury to come at an off peak time, then take your chance! They have a huge page of eggs benedict concoctions! Our large group had a number of eggs benedict, and none of them disappointed. I also thoroughly enjoyed the potatoes and the salad that accompany it. I always appreciate when the sides receive as much attention to flavor as the rest of the dish. I also liked the skewered fruit that precedes the meal. The portions are quite large, and you will not leave here even remotely hungry! I struggled to attempt to finish my potatoes... they were so tasty. Perhaps I shouldn't have ordered my milk shake, but it was so delicious, I still don't regret it. THIS IS A PLACE TO WHICH I MUST RETURN!
5	-egg benny excellent, hamburgers large and very tasty-do not go on sun or sat, avoid peak hours. ... still simply too busy. you will wait an hour-service was good, overall great experience.
5	First time going to L'avenue for brunch. I have heard lots of recommendations for this brunch place and I finally understand why! The line was worth the wait. I had the steak and eggs with cheese. Very good! I also got to try the salt, sweet and crispy eggs Benedict ( also a must try!)
5	First off, this place was PACKED!When there is a line up outside with people wanting to eat breakfast, you know the place is good.The portions are huge and the food is delicious. Everything tastes healthy, even the food that shouldn't. Lots of fresh fruit and berries with every entree.If you can stomach the wait, it's damn well worth it.Side note, the restrooms are crazy in a great artistic way. Don't go in there if you are on some sort of hallucinogen because you will trip balls.
5	Heard about this place from locals and it was the best recommendation of our lives. I was a little concerned about not having "English menus" but the waiter ( who spoke perfect English) recommended the eggs Benny and French toast. I can honestly say...I have never had a better breakfast in my life!!
4	I'm a visitor from out of town but was very impressed by this place! They specialize in eggs benedicts, and their menu is only in french, but the waiter was kind enough to translate. My table and I had eggs benedict with smoked meat, steak, and french toast. All three dishes had generous portions and tasted excellent.The eggs benedict are perfectly done, runny when broken and with a very tasty sauce. The french toast was delicious - light and fluffy, and the corners of it sugar coated. Steak, smoked meats were all delectable as well. We lined up for about 30 minutes on a Sunday, which wasn't too bad. Would definitely visit it for brunch if I was in Montreal again.
5	I normally don't yelp on places out of town but I just have add my 5 star review. One of the easiest 5 stars for me. Either that or I take a star or two off all the Toronto brunch places I have rated in because l'avenue puts them all to shame.The Benedictine was just... Wow. Best I've had. Every aspect of the dining experience was just better than anything I've had here. Dining space, a lot bigger, food quality, service, serving size, you name it, it's better. I got the version with chorizo which was great, but had a taste of the classic with pulled pork which was even more outstanding. Even the side of potatoes the benny came with was really good.  I can imagine this place being ridiculous at peak hours though because we went on a Wednesday morning and it was almost packed. Which wouldn't be a lot different to the brunch places in Toronto which you'll line up for for an hour and get just ok food and cramped dining.
3	It was very very crowded, we must have stood in line for at least an hour! Then service was pretty slow too because there were so many people... The seating arrangement was quite uncomfortable too.The food really was good, but not spectacular to justify the 1+ hour wait, and going out of our way just to eat at this place. I think this place is overrated.The sausage pancakes were not that amazing, but the steak and eggs were pretty good. It's kinda overpriced IMO.Maybe if there was no line, and we happened to just walk by it, then it would have been OK, but we biked across the whole city to get here just to stand in line starving. I was expecting the food to be the second coming of Jesus!
5	The epitome of an amazing brunch minus the waitIf you come to Montreal and you're feeling brunch, but don't come to L'Avenue, you're a fool. Restaurant L'Avenue gets a bit of hype so expectations are a bit high, but I thought this place was as good as it gets. The restaurant itself is narrow and actually fits quite a bit of people, but it gets extremely packed and lines can get long (even in the winter because people just don't care). They have a very hip decor and I love all the graffiti and art along the walls, and yes, their bathroom as well. The big winner dish to try is the Steak and Eggs Benedict. This was the dish that brought out the 5 stars for me as it is easily the best steak and eggs benedict I've had. The steak is cooked a nice medium and nestled atop your english muffin (which, at this point is nothing but mush) and topped off with hollandaise sauce and served with house potatoes. They slice up the steak for you so there isn't much work to be done. The poached eggs are done perfectly and every dish pretty much comes with a skewer of fruit. If you're not looking for something that greasy/heavy in the morning, you can opt for their regular breakfast (which is still giant), or their pancakes. The pancakes are incredible and come with a tin can filled with maple syrup (and a couple of holes poked into the lid). You definitely need to arrive early if you expect to be in and out. Service is real attentive and friendly. They have so many servers also, so you're pretty much taken care of. The menu is entirely in French so channel your inner grade-school French class to figure it out.P.S. Extra marks for that bathroom because it still is the coolest bathroom I've been in. The artwork is great. The lighting works. If I'm in there for a long time, it isn't because of the bowels, it's because I'm staring at the walls.
4	Went for breakfast this morning and had eggs, sausage, and pankakes. Pankakes were nice and fluffy served with real maple syrup. Eggs and sausage were just right, lets be honest eggs should be straight forward and so they were. The side patatoes were very tasty and different from the usual breakfast patatoes served everywhere else. Service was very good.
4	Diabetics should avoid ordering anything heavy. Huge sugar rush after only 3 bites into bacon-cheese-caramel smothered pancakes. Epic Meal Time fans would have a field day here.  Running to the restroom while high on sugar and caffeine was probably a poor decision. Oh man, definitely not a restroom you wanna be in while trippin' off of anything. Extremely clean though. I gave up on the first dish after starting to feel my veins clogging up with sugary goodness and the wait-staff opted not to charge me for it while I waited for my second order. I had to tip her the cost of the first dish anyway, else I couldn't live with myself not paying it forward to someone so empathetic to my sugar-overdose plight.
1	I hadn't eaten there for a long time. It was 3pm, my gf and i waited outside for 15min, then inside for 10. We get seated, the waitress gives us the menu, my gf chooses a sandwich and i choose a burger. The waitress then comes to take our order and tells us: oh, sorry we only serve eggs on weekends. What??? We had to leave... So disappointing!
4	Go to brunch place in Montreal.  Don't know if it's worth the wait though.  Go during the week if you can when it's less busy.  We did and we ended up running into Georges St. Pierre!!  Eggs Benedict and GSP, what more can you ask for.
5	Some of the best brunch I've had in a long time. Portions are gigantic, and the options are varied. It can be crowded but I really enjoyed this experience. I had a mountain of pancakes with bacon and cheese paired with a really tasty smoothie.
4	We got here just before a comically long and slow moving line formed behind us. Consider that my view of this place isn't tempered by the hour-long wait some of you might endure if you attempt a walk-in at peak hours.This place is totally packed, and they'll cram you in like sardines to make full use of their space. The steak and eggs benedict are phenomenal, though service is overworked, and therefore a bit spotty. We kept getting lucky, but I couldn't help but notice the couple that came before us didn't get their food until after we were done with ours.Seems like this place is in dire need of an expansion to a larger space, though maybe I'm missing the point of a popular brunch spot. Maybe to some people it's only worth it for the exclusivity.
3	Ambience: 2/5  (Crowded)Food: 3.5/5 (Notes: Ton of choice, quality is nothing to complain about. Enjoyed the food)Service: 3/5 (Friendly)Value: 3/5 Repeat: Perhaps
4	We went with a party of five so we got to try a few dishes.  first off the menu had a huge selection of deliciously sounding dishes, but its only in french which wasn't a problem for us. nw the food,  the fruit skewer was not impressive,  fruits didnt taste so fresh.  the egg Benedict dishes were incredible.   the pancakes were equally delicious, perfectly fluffy and melt in your mouth. portion sizes are quite large.  overall another great food experience in montreal.  i wish they would venture into Toronto.
4	Waited in line for about an hour and felt like my feet were about to fall off but it was totally worth it. I had the Benedict - smoked meat eggs benedict and it was absolutely amazing. Probably the best eggs benedict I've ever had. The potatos were alright, I wish they were a little bit crispier. The portions are pretty generous and come with a skewer of unpeeled fruit (I am the type to struggle with this so it made me a bit sad).The cafe mocha was on the sweet side, but thats exactly how I like it. Overall, it's a really great place for brunch.
