4	I'm somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. This place has pretty good food. I like that they have kalua pork, which other Hawaiian places don't have. I also like that I don't HAVE to have the macaroni salad, but I don't like the fact that sometime things are over salted. Their rice is always perfect and leaves me wanting more than two scoops.This place does satisfy cravings I have for good rice plates, and they also have a pretty diverse menu. They also have luau's once a month that's $10 for all you can eat food and drink with music. I haven't been, but am thinking about checking it out...
4	Love it!Great place when you're in the mood for something different.It just has a different taste that you don't find everywhere else. I walk out after any different type of meal there and feel like I had a Lite meal, even though I had the beef plate.Recommend the Hawaiian salad. Love the pineapple and strawberry garnish at the end.Great atmosphere. Mahalo!!!
4	For being a fast Hawaiian food joint Mokis is great! Way better than the Ono Hawaiian grill places. The food at Mokis is fresh and tastey. I always get the BBQ chicken and love it. The macaroni salad is good and I usually dont like macaroni salad. Mokis is affordable and in a quiet location. The staff has always been nice and helpful.
5	This is the most authentic Hawaiian restaurant we have found since leaving Maui - just like ohana - aloha - fabulous!!!
4	Solid Polynesian fare that will leave you full and singing Don Ho.   The Kahlua pork is the reason to get you in the door but there are several other items that make a good meal.
3	I found myself in Mesa of all places yesterday around noon.  I checked Yelp and decided to try Moki's.The decor is obviously Hawaiian style and the ladies who work here are very nice.I decided to have the Kalua pork plate lunch.  It comes with two scoops of rice and I ordered the macaroni side.The portions are very generous and the pork was very tasty.My only complaint is the iced tea.  It's some kind of sweetened Nestea and not fresh brewed.  I'd recommend that they get something like China Mist and then let people sweeten it themselves if they like it that way.I'm glad I tried Moki's and will surely stop in again the next time I'm in the area.
4	I've been going to Moki's for about a year, always for lunch.  The portions are generous, and seemed to be cooked to order.  The grilled Mahi Mahi is awesome, as is their spinach salad.  The staff is always friendly, even to us Haoles!  j/k.  Great staff and very good food.
4	I discovered Mokis about 3 years ago when I first moved in to the area around it.  My roommate and I have a bad habit of always ordering a majority of the menu when we first try a new restaurant.  I had gone in about 30 minutes before they closed for the day and ordered like 12 of their dishes (can't remember which ones right now) and they didn't complain in the least that it would mean they would be open longer than they should be.  They constantly asked if I was ok or needed anything to drink.  All the food was cooked to perfection and I loved every dish.  They even gave us a couple extra items because they were going to have to throw them away anyways.  I would definitely recommend eating at this restaurant if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for Arizona cuisine.
4	Great food and very nice staff! We had the kahlua pork and teriyaki chicken both were extemely good. The rice here is very Tasty aswell my only complaint was the macaroni salad was a bit dry and didn't taste that good. I might have just had it on a off day as ive heard from others that it's normally awesome.
4	Fast, friendly service with good plate dishes.  I was excited to see they had lau lau, which I had always heard about from people that lived in Hawaii, but had never tried before.  Since I've never had lau lau before, I can't really speak to how authentic it is, but it was pretty good in my opinion.  The taro leaf it was wrapped in tasted a bit briny, and like seaweed, which tasted a bit weird to me, but it did remind me of eating something from the islands.  The pork inside though was delicious- slow cooked, full of flavor.  The lau lau also comes with a side salad, and a side of meat, which makes for a very filling and satisfying meal.  I chose the Hawaiian salad, which was kind of like the Hawaiian version of vinegar-based coleslaw.  It was a nice mix of tangy and crunchy.  I chose the kalua pork, which was excellent.  It was slow roasted and tender, with a nice smokey, salty flavor.  I also tried some katsu chicken, which was very nice and crispy, and came in a tangy dipping sauce.  If I'm ever in the area, this is the place to stop and grab a tasty Hawaiian style plate.
5	Having lived in Hawaii for over 5 years, I constantly have a craving for Hawaiian food. Moki's reminds me of little local restaurants in Hawaii. When I walk in I feel like I'm back in the islands. The atmosphere is very local style and the people are totally laid back. The decor has a do-it-yourself feel that IS local kine. I've tried every Hawaiian restaurant in the Valley and this is by far my favorite. I go back often and highly recommend Moki's to anyone looking for some great Hawaiian eats!
1	I hate to do this to Moki's since they've gotten such good reviews ahead of me, but I have to. First off, let me admit; this is my first time eating Hawaiian food, so maybe it's just not my cup of tea. BUT, this food was horrid.Moki's is in the shopping center right next to where I work and I had seen it many times and it never looked busy so I thought, "meh, must not be very good.". I came to Yelp today to see what people thought and was surprised by all of the great reviews! And since I was craving a teriyaki rice bowl-type lunch, I decided to give this place a shot. I called in ahead and ordered the combo plate with teriyaki beef and the Kalua pork, both of which came recommended by previous reviewers. I ordered it with brown rice (my attempt at being health conscious) and the pasta salad. I was quoted 10 minutes and arrived right about then. The interior is just like any other strip mall restaurant. The girl working there was very nice. I got my food, paid and left... really excited for the delicious food I was about to partake in!When I got back in my car I noticed a smell. The smell was quite honestly, repulsive. It smelled like a body rotting in a a months worth of garbage. I'm not even lying. It wasn't super strong since the food was in a box and the box in a bag, but it was bad enough to make me question whether or not I would be able to eat it. I got back to work, sat down in the breakroom and opened up my meal. Meh. It didn't really look very good. I first tasted the pasta salad and it was really lackluster. It didn't have much flavor at all, it just tasted like plain pasta and potatoes with a little (very little) mayo mixed in. Next I tried the Kalua pork. It was tender, no doubt about that, but completely flavorless. I kept wondering if maybe there was supposed to be a sauce on it that was forgotten. I could see spices but couldn't taste anything. Then I moved on to the teriyaki beef. At first glance I could see that it was dry. It tasted dry and again, had very little flavor. The brown rice was sitting in a pool of water, but at least it tasted like brown rice. I think the tastiest thing on the plate was the pineapple wedge. I ate one piece of the beef and a couple of bites of the pork and salad and rice and threw the meal away. What a waste of almost $10. I was anything BUT impressed. Oh and remember the smell I mentioned? A co-worker came in the breakroom shortly after I threw the food away and immediately plugged her nose in disgust and said "something smells horrible back here". I just kind of giggled and began to open my mouth when another co-worker said "oh there was rotten brocolli that got thrown away earlier". I just left it at that. I didn't want to admit that I had just eaten food that smelled like rotten brocolli mixed with death and garbage.Never again would I eat at Moki's.
1	The food was absolutely awful.  When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
4	First thing - I felt compelled to write a review because the Android and Ipad app both state that Mokis is closed. If you are doing a mobile Yelp for this place, it is most defiantly open.Second, I decided to give them a try for an early Friday dinner, about 5 in the evening. There were a few people dining in the restaurant, and quite a few people on staff for the evening. The dining room is pretty well decorated, more so than I thought it would be, giving a faux Hawaiian feel to it. Seeing some people there at that time gave me hope for a good meal.I asked the lady manning the counter what was good, and she took a bit of time to walk me through the menu. Emphasizing the plate lunches, I decided to try the Combo that would get me the most variety. I elected for terriyaki beef and kalua pork. I took the side of the 'potato mac' and got my meal to go.Arriving home, my meal sat for about 5 minutes before I had it unboxed and ready to enjoy. Considering that fact, everything was in pretty good condition. The potato mac was a bit more room temperature than cold, but that was my own doing. The rice stayed warm, the pork moist and really flavorful, and the beef sweet and tender.Having dined at a few places offering plate lunches in the past, the potato mac was probably what sold me as much as the meats on why I'll return. Potato mac's tend to have a pretty flat flavor, and when I find out how Hawaiian's garnish them, I will be excited to get some more flavor in them. But it was just the right amount of dry ... I've had many potato mac's that are just too wet, but this felt about perfect.I'll give the fish dishes a try in the future and report on those. But I really enjoyed what I experienced and well give it a second (and probably more) pass.
1	The food was absolutely awful.  When I entered this restaurant I noticed the temperature on one thermostat said 85 degrees and the 2nd thermostat said 90 degrees.  I wish this was the only problem with the restaurant but I was about to be even more disgusted.  I ordered the grilled salmon while another person in my party ordered a chicken dish.  After waiting about 10 minutes, they served us our dishes.  The salmon tasted absolutely awful.  It was very bland and looked even worse.  I asked the cashier if the salmon was frozen in which she admitted it was frozen and they thaw it before cooking it.  It tasted absolutely awful.  The cashier later refunded my order.  It went from bad to worse.  The chicken was hard as a rock.  It was absolutely disgusting.  It was very difficult dry and almost impossible to cut with a fork. I can tell the chef was very unhappy with my comments because I overheard him refer to me as "piece of shit."   The chef actually followed me out to my car and was disgusted with my comments.  I told him the chicken was dry and awful.  He responded by saying "I wish you ate somewhere else" followed by "please do not come back." I later contacted the store in Utah to discuss my complaints with the restaurant.  I told the owner this store has some great potential but if you are going to serve that "garbage" then save yourself some time and put a "out of business" sign on the door.  He greatly appreciated my feedback and offered a gift card to me and my family.  I responded, I do not want to eat that shit again which he said he will be looking into the problem first thing the next morning.  Overall, I would not feed the food here to my dog.  It was just disgusting. The only thing that is good about this restaurant is that there is a Jack in the Box in the same parking lot so you can grab something to eat after this restaurant lets you down.
5	We had dinner last night at Moki's, which is very much open. It was soooo delicious! I had the Ohana platter with bbq salmon, teriyaki chicken and breaded shrimp with rice and potato mac salad and my husband had Loco Moco with sirloin patty, 2 eggs and gravy over rice with potato mac salad. It was all wonderful and nothing was left when we were done!!!We will definitely be coming back. For dessert we tried Grandma's Chocolate cake with coconut ice cream. It was heavenly...homemade, even the ice cream! We brought an Ohana platter to go to our daughter and she wolfed it down! My husband got the Spam sushi to go too and loved it. Everything fresh and homemade is why we will be coming back!!! The bonus is the service with Aloha and Mahalo!!!
3	we went all the way up to phoenix from tucson for the day and to my dismay, L&L hawaiian bbq had closed its doors for business just a couple weeks ago.i had my heart set on eating some hawaiian food before heading back to tucson, and yelp recommended this place.we walked in and the place pretty much looked like it could have been an L&L. it was clean and neat.the chick behind the counter was haole (white) but was pretty friendly. i didn't have to look at the menu much because i pretty much knew what i wanted!! bbq chicken!!the husband ordered the chicken katsu, which was nice and crisp, but the 'katsu' sauce was something like 1000 island dressing. a bit weird. when the lady dropped off my bbq chicken at the table, it was actually mainland style bbq chicken. like.... bbq sauce, bbq chicken. ooooh what a disappointment. i definitely wasn't satisfied, so i walked back to the counter to ask why it was what it was. my bad for not reading the menu. what i really wanted was teriyaki (bbq) chicken. back home in hawaii, when you walk into a plate lunch joint and ask for bbq chicken, teriyaki bbq chicken is what you get. the lady that brought out our food could see that i was pretty bummed about my selection and gave me three pieces of teriyaki bbq chicken. oooooohhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyygggggggooooooosssssshhhhh sooo ono (delicious)!!!! so delicious, in fact, that i ordered an extra plate to take back to tucson with me.the food was okay over all, but i think that for calling themselves a hawaiian grill they should get with the lingo of the islands and call food by their proper names.i might consider going back to moki's if i'm ever out in phoenix again.
4	Moki's is a personal favorite of mine. The food is always pretty good. My wife and I usually get the teriyaki chicken and chicken katsu combo plate with rice and spinach salad. The salad is great and the rest is always pretty good. This place is low key and relaxed. Plus, it's full of superstars. Went there one time and i saw Deuce Lutui and Anquan Boldin.
4	There's a decent amout of Hawaiian food options to choose from in the valley, but Moki's is my personal favorite.  They used to have a second location, but it closed, which sucks because it was right by my house, bigger, and more decorative.  This location is still good, but doesn't have the same atmosphere.  Luckily, the food is just the same and still really good.  I am a creature of habit, and therefore have only ever tried the chicken katsu, brown rice and Hawaiian salad, but there's a reason I never try anything new here.  They taste really good!  And, the thing that gets me to drive all the way to this Moki's instead of going to Aloha Kitchen, which is basically down the street from my house, is that they use white meat for their katsu, which is not the case at AK or Ono's.  I am not a dark meat fan, so this is a big deal to me.  The food takes a little bit to come out, but that's because it seems to be made to order, so I don't mind a few extra minutes.  If you're in the mood for dessert, the grandma's chocolate cake is really rich and delicious.  And, if you are looking for some fun Hawaiian culture, go in on one of the Friday nights that they have a luau.
1	Horrible.  I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken with macaroni salad.Rice - overcookedTeriyaki Chicken - coldMacaroni Salad - dry and flavorlessI can forgive cold chicken and overcooked rice, but messing up macaroni salad is a big no-no for a Hawaiian BBQ place.
4	Love! The Teriyaki beef and the Kalua Pork  with the mac salad and and rice. For dessert I had the Grandmas Caramel Chocolate Cake. Now let me tell you about this cake...heavenly! It's Chocolate cake with caramel and topped with macadamia nuts, whipped cream, toffee and a side of coconut ice cream. If you're trying to watch the calories, this spot is not for you. But know you won't be disappointed with the food they have to offer. Also there are a few items I would consider 'secret menu' items. I'm from Hawaii and it had been awhile since I had manapua and when I mentioned it the lady who was helping me was totally cool and told me they could make it for me even though it wasn't on the menu! Score! Yea, I'm a happy camper (Polynesian) :)
5	Brings the taste of the islands here in AZ.  We have been eating here for several years and never had a bad meal.
5	Love this place! The kulua pork, chicken katsu and Spanish salad are my favorite items from this joint. Even the rice are so moist and delicious. I move back to AZ a few months ago and discover this place! So happy.The staffs are so nice there too!
3	Love the macaroni potato salad and kahlua pork, last time I was here the teriyaki beef was a bit dry.
3	They have loco moco so that's a plus.The mac salad gave me bubble guts, so that's a minus.I gave it a 3 but the bubble guts should probably drive it down to a 2 or a 1, but I'm in a holiday mood.  That being said, I don't think I'll go back.
4	Hubs and I have been going here for years.  We love it.  The food is totally yummy.  It's a bit different than the other Hawaiian food restaurants I've been to.  I don't normally enjoy Hawaiian at places like Aloha Kitchen.  Moki's is more flavorful and less... mysterious.  I like being able to tell what it is I'm putting in my mouth.  The atmosphere is kitschy-cool and I love the surfboard that acts as lighting.  Yeah, you read that right.  Also, the drum by the door to let them know the food was good is clever and fun and definitely adds to the Pacific-Island feel. I have used them for corporate catering purposes in the past to great satisfaction.  All parties who ate the catering raved and asked where they could go to get more.  Everyone is great to work with and the prices are great too.
4	Love this place! I don't go often enough because I never pass it. It's close to my neighborhood but I rarely drive in thatdirection.Nonetheless, I'm a big fan! Prices are amazing compared to the quality for "fast food." They prepare the food to order.Their tender and delicious teriyaki chicken and their garlic shrimp are must-haves for my fam! The BBQ ribs are a hit for the kids too.Friendly service. Happy place. Casual and relaxed atmosphere. Reasonably priced. Try it.
5	Delicious!  I've never really had Hawaiian food before, but this was wonderful.  I had the chicken katsu and it was SO good!  The rice and salad were both excellent, and my boyfriend enjoyed whatever he ordered.  We even got a free dessert.  The staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is fun, and everything was scrumptious.  I highly recommend Moki's, and am excited to go back.
5	No Ka Oi (#1!) plate lunch in the desert!  Lived on fresh, inexpensive plate lunch when I lived on Oahu and the Big Island, and Moki's fits the bill.  I had the Ahi Plate lunch with white rice, and a spinach salad side.  The salad was non-traditional, but oh so good!  The fish rocked, and the rice had a nice touch of salt and sugar.  Very good.  Wife had the Kahlua Pork Plate Lunch, and that was equally good.  We live near San Tan Village, but will make the trip to Moki's regularly due to the quality, quantity, and authenticity.  I told you when I was there, and I'll say it again:  YOU GUYS ROCK!!  Aloha.
4	Stopped by for the March luau night and really enjoyed the experience. Friendly staff, good entertainment, and ono (delicious) all you can eat food for only $10. Not a bad deal especially when you missing the taste of home. One thing that caught me off guard though was the katsu sauce. Not the usual tangy, dark brown sauce I'm used to. It was homemade and on the sweeter side with an orangy color. Different, but still good.
4	Really enjoyed this hawaiian restaurant!  Great, friendly service.  The coconut ice cream shake is amazing.
3	The portions are good sized and the price is fair, I just prefer the sauce and macaroni salad at ONO over this place. The staff are friendly and fill your order quickly.
3	I can't comment on the quality of the restaurant as we had Mokis catered last month.  We ordered the Roasted Pig for little Luau theme party we had.  The cost was $300 for the pig.  We thought the price was high but thought it would be worth it to have the experience of having a roasted pig.  Mokis claims the pig will feed 30-35 people.  No way...and no, we are not a bunch of fatsos.  I've had roasted pig like this at other parties and it was probably twice as big.  Anyway, so the size of the pig was a disappointment...AND we had to carve it all up when it came to the party.  The other times we ordered a whole pig, the restaurant delivers it and carves it up for you.  But you live and learn. I just wish I would've seen a review so I knew what to expect earlier, because I would definetly not order it again.We also ordered some type of fried rice and salad.  They were incredibly good. I'd probably order from Mokis again, but I would definetly NOT recommend the whole roasted pig.  Too much money for not much meat.
4	I have eaten here many times and can give the place my definite recommendation. The first time I went I did not even know that it existed when I noticed the sign in front of the eatery from the parking lot. I was hungry so decided to try it out and boy was I impressed overall! I have eaten the No. 7 everyday special which is 2 eggs, a burger patty with brown gravy, side salad and choice of white or brown rice. This happens to be a traditional Hawaiian-Polynesian dish and it was delicious! I like this meal with soy sauce and there is a bottle on each table. No alcohol though the usual carbonated soft drinks though I suggest you try one of the canned Hawaiian drinks which are imported from the islands and these are very refreshing. They also serve a variety of desserts which are all island style and the customer restrooms are kept very clean which is always impressive to me. The staff is helpful and friendly and once a month on the third Friday of the month they offer live Polynesian dancers along with an all you can eat buffet for $10.00 which is definitely a real deal for diners! Drinks are not included though the price to eat all you want is worthwhile. I saw one of the Friday night performances and I was impressed with one hula dancer showing off the various native dances of the south pacific tribes along with Josh who is a native Maori who also showed off his native dance steps as well. Oh and you really need to try the chicken katsu with  the special sauce which was so delicious! Basically a boneless and deep fried chicken dish which was not greasy at all with a side of their dipping sauce which made the meal worthwhile. You can get this item as one of the daily specials. Overall I really love Moki's Hawaiian Grill and give it my highest overall recommendation!
2	Staff/cashier seemed (to us) she rather be elsewhere than working. Tepid reception. No "aloha" attitude in  Hawaiian spot.Prices were slightly on the pricey side after recieving our dishes. Portions were small for the price they charged us. Location is closer to us than Aloha Kitchen... A plus! ^_^Love the decor, and the al fresca seating.We also order a coconut smoothie which the server/cashier forgot to serve to us (her mates came over and started socialising instead). We had to remind her that we also order the smoothie a couple of times. Once we recieved it, it was more like a shake than a smothie.Overall, we are unlikely to return here. Sorry, luvies. Xx
5	Really good food and friendly service.
4	Want a taste of Hawaiian-Polynesian food? Then this is the place to go in the east valley. Beware! You will walk out satisfied.  Ono BBQ has nothing on this place! Moki's here to stay!Well marinated beef and chicken teriyaki that is a must order on the menu. As well this is one of the few places that I can find, the Loco Moco Hawaiian style dish that can change your life for the better. They also have islander's favorite "grab and go" snack, spam musubi is on their menu!! Everything on the menu is prepared well and every bite makes you want to have more.I recommend to attend on a Friday for the Buffet and a little live show. Be advised, it will be packed! Great clean atmosphere and service.This is the closest you can get to real Hawaiian-Polynesian Dishes here in the east valley of Mesa.
5	Constantly trying Hawaiian places in the valley but the options and Katsu here is simply the best I've had. Sad they aren't more centrally located. Also, the atmosphere is great with contemporary island music playing, sit down take your time and enjoy your meal.
4	We Love the food, but the service leaves something to be desired. We've never heard a greeting, or a thank you any of the times we've gone in. A little on the pricey side too.
4	My boyfriend and I came here today to try out their food. Guess what I ate first??! The grandma chocolate cake! I noticed that the people who ate there ordered the cake. So  mine as well try it. It was so delish!! I got the vanilla and pineapple ice cream (on a separate container). The cake was so moist and it goes with the vanilla and pineapple ice cream. For the entrees I ordered katsu & sticky chicken with macaroni salad it was ok. I was digging more onto my boyfriend's plate, he had teriyaki beef and kalua pork with hawaiian salad.
4	I enjoyed eating here. The staff was friendly and the food was really good. I had the two meat plate (chicken katsu and pork) with Hawaiian salad and brown rice.
4	The groupon is well worth the value. Simple Hawaiian dishes but tasty. Would go again!!
5	We have been here multiple times and we absolutely love it. There's always a sense of genuine hospitality. The food is second to know Hawaiian restaurant in town we will definitely be returning as often as we can and would highly recommend it to anybody who enjoys Hawaiian food
5	I love their food. Prices are reasonable, they have always been friendly.   There food is cooked to order and delicious with simple Hawaiian fare. No matter what you're in the mood for, this is sure the please.
5	Tried this place out with the Groupon... Yummy!  I have to say it's the best katsu I have ever had.  The deal came with the chocolate macadamia nut cake which was excellent as well.
3	Visiting town from Colorado, my friend and I love Hawaiian restaurants. Moki's was good. Nice menu selection. Got the chicken katsu and short ribs. Pretty good. Ribs were a little tough, and the katsu sauce was t great. A little pricey also.
2	If you're looking for real Hawaiian food, look elsewhere.  If you have an immature palate, do not know how to cook, and frequent places like McDonald's, Burger King, and Taco Bell, you'll probably love this place.Service: The girl packaging my food picked her nose before touching my to-go boxes. The servers and cook looked like they were in their late teens or young 20s.Food: I ordered the Ohana Plate, and while the chicken and shrimp were flavorful, the fish was stale, like it had been sitting on the warmer for a few hours.  Also, the intensity of the fish smell was not something that I was expecting: it was not overwhelming, but resembled a rotting odor.This is a review based on one experience. Bottom line is that while I'd like to give them another try, I don't think it's worth it given the other options for cheap Hawaiian food. I think that a different batch of servers and a different cook would probably result in a better experience and conceivably better tasting food.  I've eaten at Ono multiple times and while it's not perfect, I prefer it over Mokis.
4	Having lived in Hawaii I can say the food and atmosphere are legit.  Definitely not a chain place..and they have a lot more on the menu the other Hawaiian BBQs such as malasadas and poke.  We really liked the Katsu, Kailua Pork and Kalbi plate lunches with all fixings.  We've already been back within the same week after our initial visit.  Solid local grinds..can't wait to check out the luau.
4	The Kailua pork was great... Serving size is great too.  Not a big fan of the Mac salad... The staff was friendly and store was clean... Will go back to try their garlic shrimp.
5	My husband took me here when we first met in 2005.. Love there food & my husband is best friends with owner. I love there teriyaki chicken & teriyaki beef!! Chicken Katsu is the bomb to!!Everything there is Yummy!! I love the store & atmosphere is has! Great people too!!! I always had my catered from them too when I do birthday parties off my kids! I even go to the Mokis that in Salt Lake Ut. It's ran by the owner!
3	Pretty legit Hawaiian food.  I like that it is small establishment. A little pricey, but the flavor of the food is very good.They have a combo deal with meat, rice, and salad. Kalua pork is good. It tastes like stuff I've had in HawaiiI like the option for brown or white rice. The Hawaiian salad was pretty tasty the last time I was here, but today it had a bitter taste to it.  Spam masubi is pretty good too, but also a little pricey. One roll for $3. Overall a very legit and cute place, but could be a little pricey.
3	The food is very good. I gave 3 stars due to price. It's a bit over priced for the food and portion size. One visit I did the bowl which includes rice an chicken etc. The scoop of rice was too small and not that much meat. They need to lower their prices a couple dollars or give more food. If you don't mind over paying a small amount, then go. The food is good.
4	This place is tasty!!! Chicken Katsu is the best with the spinach salad!  They have one of the best desserts, Grandma's chocolate cake and you have to get it with the coconut ice cream!!! Yummmmm!!!!
4	This place is tasty!!! Been coming here for years. Chicken Katsu is the best with the spinach salad!  The spam masubi is good, as well as the sweet and sour chicken, which isn't too sweet.  I do not like the pork kaluai or the macaroni salad. Hubby had the ribs on our last visit and he said they were tough and wouldn't get themagain.   I think they are a little pricey for being a walk up and order restaurant, but they did have a good Groupin deal recently. They have one of the best desserts, Grandma's chocolate cake and you have to get it with the coconut ice cream!!! Yummmmm!!!!
1	bland flavorless boiled meat.... i got teriyaki pork, yes the meat was tender and perfectly cook alas it was totally tasteless i got up to ask for more sauce and she handed me what i thought was vinaigrette but it was just the most watered down teriyaki sauce ever... it was almost clear... so then i asked for the sweet and sour sauce also almost flavorless. my friend asked for the brown rice they wer e out of it but didnt tell her until they brought her food to the table. she also got the vgitarian bowl and it was frozen mixed veggies, carrots broccoli and cauliflower with rice that was it for $7.00 and she said her veggies were still cold.. the pinapple on the plate was still green and totally unripe. the coconut icecream was good the grandmoms chocolate cake was still raw inside and seemed like very under cooked brownies.. i wouldnt waste your money here.. go somewhere else...
5	Can't get much more authentic than this... Everyone I bring there love it. A bit pricey with healthy servings. Their Hawaiian salad is unique and the teriyaki chicken never disappoints. I recommend Mokis Hawaiian Grill for sure...
5	Mokis is great! The katsu chicken is amazing. The sauce is great. It's a good place to grab some food and hangout for a while.
4	Used a Groupon to get two mixed plates and two desserts for $14. First, the atmosphere was unique. They actually had Hawaiian decor and music. It created a good ambient feel. I waited above average time to have my order placed. I found it difficult to order due to the lack of pictures. I understand that it's Hawaiian, but not everyone knows what kalua and ohana are, just by the title. The food was fantastic. I was disappointed in the amount of meat that was given and the Hawaiian salad was not on par with others I've had. The meat was amazing, the rice was bomb and the tangy sauce is my new favorite. I will revisit Mokis, but not paying full price. Will be waiting til another Groupon is available.
4	Saw this on a Groupon offer awhile and decided to give it a shot. Had the Teriyaki beef with rice. It was awesome: tender, juicy and flavorful. The slaw that came with it was also delicious. However the true star of the meal was the dessert. They had a macadamia nut cake with coconut pineapple ice cream *DROOL is all I can say. A perfect ending to a meal. Will absolute be coming back!
2	This is the first time in a very long time I have stopped at mokis.  I stopped the first week they opened and I would have rated them  3 stars.  Today they only get 2 stars. The first thing I noticed was the strong fish smell. Which almost made me turn and walk out.  now wish I had.  I ordered the 2 meat plate.  I chose Katsu chicken and sticky chicken.  The Katsu was ok and the dipping sauce was good.  The sticky chicken was greasy  and did not have a very good flavor. It came with white rice and a salad. I chose the Hawaiian salad which is pretty good. The company I work for sometimes has catering brought in from mokis and it is better than what I had today.  Maybe it was a bad day? I can still smell the fish odor on my clothes. Yuck!  I'm glad I was on my way home for the day.
4	Was hosting a Hawaiian themed baby shower and needed a Hawaiian caterer.  We checked out many of the Hawaiian places around town and Moki's was the best.  It tasty and at a good price.  Lisa & Eric were easy to work with and accommodating of our requests (like needing vegetarian options).  They were punctual the night of the shower and very professional. We provided tables and tablecloths and they did all the set up.  They even stayed to serve the food.  I look forward to eating at their restaurant next.
4	My Hawaiian craving hit and I needed some loco moco - STAT.  Aloha Kitchen is closed on Mondays (so I haven't had a chance to try it) so after some Yelping and help from Groupon, we stumbled upon Moki.  According to the cashier, it's been around for about 10 yrs so I'm sorry I haven't checked it out sooner!  Staff is good - I like their "roll with it" vibe. I can understand that some people might want more touchy feely, but I'm in it for the eats. They are pleasant enough provide very fast service. I would say almost too fast service. The Groupon covered two combo entrees (one meat) and two desserts. My husband and I both ordered the loco moco (my craving spread) and we went with mokisada (me) and grandma's cake (him). It was pretty slow at 2pm on a Monday so our orders came out within 10 mins. We had just settled down to eat when suddenly my mokisada came out as well. That was a surprise - I thought they would check on our food status and then bring it out when we were about half done. Nope!  Not too long after the mokisada came out the chocolate cake did too. Now, we did not overlook this opportunity to try both of our desserts - they were just chilling there after all - and they were very delicious.  I just wish they had come out a little later so we didn't have to watch it melt while we ate. However, I do understand - this is more cafe-style than restaurant. There aren't waiters but they are nice enough to bring your food to you. There are utensils on each table - you have to grab them yourself. I would just prepare to either eat your main meal first and then go order your dessert or ask them if they would kindly wait on making dessert until you let them know (more for the Groupon people). Now, on to the food again!  The loco mocos were pretty good for us - nothing fancy, basic hamburger patty with brown gravy and an over easy/med/hard egg on white rice.  I think they offer brown rice as an alternative too but we didn't get the offer. No worries - if I'm already going for loco moco, what is brown rice really going to do for me?  I take my liberties and threw on some siracha for some kick and I was good to go. You have a few choices for sides with your plate which is nice - I don't care for macaroni salad all the time. There are 3 veggie salads to choose from outside of the normal macaroni salad - spinach, fresh, and hawaiian. Each salad has its own set of ingredients and dressing. I chose the hawaiian and my husband got the spinach. Both were pretty good in my opinion. My husband really liked the dressing on his spinach salad. If I had to say anything I would say the hawaiian salad needed a touch more dressing if anything.  I felt the price for the combo was reasonable considering we are able to customize it a little and the portion size was more than enough - we couldn't finish all the rice. My parents would've been ashamed with me had they known. The desserts were epic and completely unexpected in size. The other drawback to staring at your dessert while you eat is also knowing exactly how much room you have to leave yourself for dessert. As tempting as it was to just eat the rest of the rice, I just couldn't. Mokisadas come in several forms and names but it's basically a fried doughnut rolled in sugar. It was one of my favorite things as a child and exciting to have again... But not in the form of FIVE (slightly smaller) tennis balled sized delights ringing a bowl with two large scoops if ice cream (they have several flavors to choose from) and a large handful of strawberries. With everything drizzled in pineapple sauce. Don't get me wrong - it was delicious!  A bite of warm doughnut with ice cream and a strawberry is like a fattier version of strawberry short cake. For one person after an already large entree?  Near impossible to finish unless I planned on literally rolling myself out the door.  I was able to get 2.5 Mokidown and about one scoop of ice cream but then I had to call it quits. It wasn't quite Hawaii all over again (since I could see the paint drip off my car from the heat instead of seeing the ocean spray), but it was a nice reminder. Will be back for my loco moco fix!
1	Wow! This is a prime example of why you can't always trust 4 stars on Yelp. (Sad face) I have seen a Groupon for this place multiple times and have been curious about the quality since their reviews on here seem to be great. We went during early lunch hour time, was helped promptly at the order counter, was excited to see the full menu & our mouths started watering thinking about this special caloric treat we were about to indulge in. And..... then the let downs started. No soy sauce, just some kind of mix that seemed teriyaki-ish, but whatever, who needs that sodium bottle anyway. Food came out relatively quickly EXCEPT the side order of lau lau which is what we were most excited about, it was delivered to us after we were done with our other plates. We gave the benefit of the doubt because this is a slow cooked item & we thought they were putting love into it... NOT! It was sooooo disgusting, if you've ever had real lau lau, you would understand how horribly prepared this was. After we worked our way through the dried banana leaf portion, we made it to the treasure... NOPE! The leaf was extremely bitter, filled (using the term loosely) with 2 large pieces of fat globules, a few (meaning 3) strips of what seemed to be dried jerky like pork substance. Enough on that, I'm getting upset again just typing it. The Mac salad with no potato, huh? tasted like orange zest & was low on flavor. The Kalbi ribs were so chewy I had to spit some bites into my napkin because I was going to get lock jaw trying to process it. My better half got the chicken katsu & it was just alright. Now I have eaten at Ono & thought that was passable but do not choose to eat there, but I would eat there any day in comparison to here.End note, if you've been to Hawaii, then you know what authentic flavors are, if you are looking for the real deal, go to Aloha Kitchen. They know what they are doing, it's delicious and less expensive and so much better quality!Was that too harsh? I really dislike wasting hard earned money.
2	We used to come to Mokis when the family owners were working, cooking, and it was a great place. The food was outstanding and hot.So I haven't been for quite awhile since we've come here... It started to slowly go down hill starting 2 years ago.There are only teenagers running the place, and I watched our food get warmed up, but it wasn't cooked on the grill.The prices have increased, the quality of the food has gone way down, the owners aren't here, and now the menu has changed... The yams are gone people..... That was the best ever! Gone.We won't be back. I spent $30 on TWO people for just normal meals.
4	We've been here a couple of times now.  The first time was with a Groupon that included dessert - yummy!  Food is very tasty.  Service is good.  Very friendly staff.  It does get really busy at times though, which is a good sign for business.
3	Moki's won't blow your mind, but it's a decent place to satisfy your Hawaiian food cravings at a reasonable price.
5	Love this place. The food is always cooked perfect and the staff is super nice.  The kids meals are the perfect size for a light lunch and the combo plates are a delicious choice for a larger portion.  They are great with call a heads and they are open Christmas Eve for a food stop during your last minute shopping. We have been eating at this place for the past 7 years. We love it.
5	After recently returning from Oahu and Maui where I indulged on local cuisine I was craving some good (and cheap) Hawaiian BBQ.  Mokis was the perfect place to put all my cravings to rest.  Prior to visiting Hawaii in March I never knew exactly what "Island" or "Hawaiian" BBQ was, but now every time I come across any place with a hibiscus flower in the logo I gotta stop and try it out!  Who knew all the way in Arizona, people were doing Hawaiian food, good?!  Mokis has everything that I ate in Hawaii over 7 days all in one spot, from garlic shrimp, to kalua pork to loco moco, even poke and shave iced!  It was hard to choose just one thing so now I have several reasons to return!  I enjoyed the teriyaki chicken with rice and traditional mac salad, everything was delicious and just what I was craving!
5	We love this place!  Quality of food and service is always outstanding! Delicious food!
5	My family recently moved here from California so we're always on the hunt for good Hawaiian food. Found this spot on Yelp and decided to give them a shot. As soon as we walked in, EVERYONE greeted us with an "Aloha!" I felt like we were back in Hawaii again.  I ordered half Kalbi short ribs and half chicken katsu with rice and their Hawaiian salad. My fiance ordered their bbq chicken, sticky chicken, with mac salad. Let's just say, we scarfed those plates so quick, I don't even remember us talking during our meal.  The short ribs were so mouthwatering, the way it fell off the bone was just grilled to perfection. Being the fatty that I am, I love eating off my fiance's plate too and I just HAD to try the sticky chicken.  that too was so delicious, I almost pulled a fat-move by ordering another plate.  That isn't the best part though. I heard a lot about their malasadas so we had to try some. Not only was it just about the best dessert I've had, their Mokisadas (malasadas topped with ice cream and pineapple and strawberries) are thee best malasadas I've had, hands down! So, if you're looking for some good ol' Hawaiian  flavor with that great island atmosphere, Moki's Grill!
5	We went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago with a Groupon. It is a qaint and casual place at the end of a strip mall and it was sooo much better than I thought it would be! Really, really good food!! We had the sticky chicken, the kalua pork and the macadamia chocolate cake for dessert, oh my...and it was all so freakin good! Can't wait to go back tonight! :) Give it a try, I was hesitant and first but now it will be one of my "go to" places.
2	The  restaurant inside is beautiful. But the food is absolutely disgusting if you want to taste real Hawaiian food, go somewhere else.
4	I used to come here a few times a month with my boyfriend. Man oh man did we fall in love!  Here are some pros from when we first started coming:1. My salmon plate was cooked to order2. The chicken/pork were always flavorful and tender3. The spinach salad is amazing, I could eat it alllllll day!4. Grandmas chocolate cake is so !*$&ing good, so rich.5. They offer brown rice.6. It felt like we were guests in a home.Cons now:1. They've hired some new people who are nice, but it doesn't feel like it used to.2. My salmon was raw once.3. The other food isn't as good as it used to be, I can put my finger on what it is, overlooked maybe?4. Slightly pricey For The amount of foodThe cons are the reason for the 4-star instead of 5. Spinach salad is still amazing. Will come back once in a while, but not as often.
5	Always a great meal. We had the one item combos. One with sticky chicken and the other with Kalua pork. Both full of flavor and although it takes a while to prepare grab an appetizer because waiting is well worth it. The rice is not dry. Full of flavor. The pork and chicken were seasoned well. My fav is the Mac salad. Just like in Maui. Small business that caters to it's customers. They also do catering.
4	Good kine foodGood kine music But no can smile? Wheres the aloha braddah when u frown all day? Shoots!
1	You guys. I had a catering order for my husband's 40th birthday party, and they never showed up, they never called. I'm absolutely horrified by this experience. Thank God for Costco and their rotisserie chickens. No one returned my phone calls an hour after expected delivery, and we had 30 hungry guests. Embarrassing and completely unprofessional. Do not give these jerks your business. Please. Ridiculous and not anything like the Aloha spirit you find on the real islands. Big fat BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
3	I was really looking forward to this place because it's way closer than the other Hawaiian grill but I was a little disappointed. Although the restaurant itself had a cute and neat Hawaiian feel to it, I feel that they may need more help when it starts getting busy. Felt real bad for the one guy cooking while the other guy who was there booked off when it started picking up. The girl there at the cashier was nice. It was disappointing because we waited for almost 25 mins for our to go order. The portion of food was okay for its price. Fish and chips was a little dry and macaroni salad wasn't too great. I had a mango coconut smoothie and it was very delicious. I think it's what kept me happy the whole time. All in all, I will return for the dessert but not so much for the food. Hoping that with time this place will pick up on their service. :)
2	Ok, this place was not clean. Tables were not wiped, chairs were all over the place, trach cans were overflowing, floors were dirty, finished plates were on table still. Overall, dirty!Food was alright, i've had better hawaiian food. Presentation wasn't impressing. Rice scoops were for babies. Islanders have huge appetites so it was shocking to see i got so little. It did fill me up though, cuz i ordered three meats and helped my sister finish her food lol! The place wasnt loud, so it was somewhat peaceful. Service, felt bad for the cute girl. She was doing everything herself. Serving food, wiping tables, clearing tables, cashier, and making desserts. She seemed calm so i think she did a great job, but alot of work on her hands. I gave two stars just because i was disappointed. Pics came out nice though. LolI would recommend this as a last resort if u r hungry?
5	Love this place! It's a great place to grab a quick casual meal. The food is always fresh and tastes clean. I leave feeling satisfied but not guilty. The staff could use some help. They don't do well when it's busy but for the most part everyone is still friendly.
5	Love this place! I've came here three time already and customer service was always on point. The last time I came there was a long line but the food came out to each family in about 10-15 minutes so it was quick. My favorite items here were the makasadas and poki! I highly recommend those. My son loved their garlic shrimp but everything I've had was great.
