2	What an amazing world we live in. We can cure diseases, put men in space, and pack literally thousands of songs onto one little MP3 player - but we can't make a better DMV.I came in here a few months ago because I had to have a duplicate license made, since mine had gone missing. I thought this was going to be a quick procedure with no major flaws.But once I got up to the counter, the woman who was waiting on me (a middle-aged red-haired woman) was extremely pretentious and rude, and contradicted information explicitly stated on the DMV web site. The site said you needed a state-issue picture ID and one of another form of ID. I had a Social Security card, which was one of said forms of ID. I brought EVERYTHING the web site had asked me to. And she said it wasn't good enough.She started bitching at me, even though I explained that this was exactly what the website said. The customer is always right, you pretentious jerk. Apparently you didn't learn that when you went through customer service training - if you went through it at all. Eventually I was able to find sufficient ID in my wallet, but this woman was extremely rude all the while. If you're working at the DMV, you damn well better know what the website says, and uphold it. Just because you chose to work in a job with rude customers doesn't give you the right to be rude to me.The facility itself is actually very nice and quite large, however even so it STILL manages to get overcrowded, and wait times for things like this are unbearable. I thought getting my duplicate license made would be a pretty painless procedure, and I'd be out of there in an hour, hour-and-a-half tops. It took OVER THREE HOURS. The parking is terrible, it is clear whoever invented this facility didn't know that LOTS of people go to a DMV. It isn't uncommon, as a result, to have cars illegally parked on the street. Furthermore, other neighboring shopping centers have begun putting up "parking for customers only" signs, so that is looking to be less of an option. It looks like construction has begun on another parking lot, but we'll see what happens.Another annoyance is that you no longer get your renewed/duplicate license/permit during your visit - they have to mail it to you now. I liked being able to leave with my license in my pocket. Why change something that wasn't broken in the first place? This place either needs to be expanded or another DMV needs to be built in Henderson. And the bitchy woman that waited on me needs to be fired. Enough said.
1	As Taylor said, it's amazing that in today's modern society with our endless amounts of technology, we can not make the DMV in Nevada more efficient. I mean we have 1.86M + people in Clark county Nevada and only 4 DMV's to service the valley which are the epitome of chaotic red tape. When I went the other day during lunch, it was a 30 min plus wait to get in the building to see the info desk. THE INFO DESK PEOPLE! Where they will give you a number to wait in line again. I left and went back this morning 45 mins prior to opening to get a place in line. (The line wound around the building to employee parking at 715 AM)What needs to be done is take a page from the California DMV playbook and sub out all services other then drivers license to AAA. This will help out with the traffic and parking problems experienced by all DMV's in the valley.
2	The parking lot is dumb. The lines are rediculous. Best time to go on a Wednesday when its raining
1	What a miserable place... the creator of this was obviously a sadist. You start with a parking lot... which makes absolutely no sense at all. Why couldn't this be your average white-lined parking lot??? Who knows, lets just F with their minds!! Next, you wait in a line in order to tell you what line you are to wait in next. Then, the creator decided to not put enough chairs in the place... so we can have people standing idly and in the way everywhere. And if you ARE sitting, there's no TV to watch.. but.. there IS a TV... Instead of playing something on it, they have the stagnant weather channel. Upon your leaving, you will feel humiliated.. not successful and glorious for completing your awful task of WAITING... but it will feel more as a walk of shame.. This place just confuses me. I don't get it. I ask myself why? WHY? How could a place so necessary be so miserable?
3	Are we there yet?  Are we there yet?  Are we there yet?My experiences with this location (and also some observations when randomly driving by), suggests that if you are willing to brave the cold in winter or heat in summer, get here before they open and your wait time can be slightly reduced.  A 2 hour wait is typical, though, so pack some snacks, a blanket and book - hey, if you're a prisoner, make the best of it!.Having been here three times in a single week, I can undoubtedly say that I would rather gouge out my eye balls with q-tips than come here again any time soon.You may be asking yourself why ANYONE would be stupid enough to come thrice.  Well, long story short, my driver's license got screwed up and I was trying to fix it.  My first two visits were mind numbing and the people who "helped" me were...how do I put it gently...devoid of intelligence.  I mean, c'mon, do these people get any training?  And could the employees look any less interested in helping me?  Ok, I admit I probably look like a freak and come off and abrasive, but at least give me the time of day!  Of course, waiting two hours each time didn't do much for my capacity for patience and understanding.However, third time was the charm and I got someone who actually knew what she was doing and was willing to chat.  I give her 5 stars for ability, personality and intelligence.  I cant remember her name, but it doesn't matter since I wouldn't be able to request her should I need to return (I pray I won't have to for another 20 years).
5	HELL YES!I've heard nothing but bad things about DMV experiences in this town, but had heard from a few people that this is the one to go to, and not first thing in the morning, lunch hour, or late in the business hours. I've heard  awful things, like 2+ hours waiting to get in the door and another hour or more for your number to be called.Not in my experience. I walked in at 1142 and spent exactly 34 minutes here. Walked straight to the info desk without waiting at all. My number was 396 and the number called as I walked in was 373. First thought was "alright, well lets see how fast these numbers go by." I started filling out the needed paperwork, about 10 mins went by and they were at about 384 by then and they seemed to be moving pretty fast. No more than 20 mins had gone by when I was called and I had just finished the paperwork they handed me. Perfect. (btw there were a bunch of seats available, apparently you just need to know when to show up)I go to my assigned station and the guy was very friendly asking me how my Friday the 13th had been so far...haha. A few questions later and a few signatures and I was In and out from his station in less than 10 minutes. I then proceeded to the picture area across the building. ZERO line there and walked straight to the blue screen. 10 seconds later and she said the picture looked great and I was on my way. License fees were only $22 and I'm expecting it in about 8 more days or so. Hopefully faster and I'll have a 5+ star experience which obviously puts me in the minority when it comes to DMV. Considering all the BS stories I hear about how bad DMV's are, I was expecting an awful lunch hour and afternoon to my Friday. My experience was awesome. Basically No time spent there, very little waiting and the fees seemed pretty reasonable to me. The three staff people I encountered were quite friendly and my experience was great.5 stars to me! (considering the expectations walking in)
4	Does anyone ever enjoy going to the DMV? Everyone complains that these state employees are normally disgruntled and unpleasant to deal with. I would tend to agree after getting berated by an individual through email while I tried to update my driver's license while working abroad. But when I came back and had to trade it in for a picture ID, I would disagree completely. Yes, some where aloof, but overall this location has a friendly and helpful staff.I was able to fill out the form for a new ID, get my picture taken, get it printed, paid, and left within half an hour. You must go in early and if the weather is crappy, it works out better in your favor. No one likes going to the DMV and it is magnified on a dreary day.
3	Well I got here early and found a close parking space. And was in and out and the staff was helpful from when I first entered. But its still a typical government agency.
3	This is probably the best of the DMVs around town. For job purposes - running decline to sign campaigns and registering voters - I tend to spend a lot of time at DMVs around the country. And in addition to job purposes, I've also been a "customer" at this particular DMV 3 different times. All in all, the wait here seems to always be shorter than elsewhere and it just seems cleaner and nicer. The wait here isn't really all that bad. It definitely seems bad when you first get your number and realize you have like 80 people in front of you. But I've never had to wait in line to get my number and no matter how many people are ahead of me, I've usually only spent about an hour here.Perhaps the key is to come in the middle of the afternoon during the late summer? That is always when I've come here for services and I've never had any issues.
2	The DMV.... never fun... Bring a book and be prepared to wait. Very small parking lot. This is the "best" DMV in town, but thats like saying getting the flu is preferable to malaria :\
1	SIX HOURS.  That's how long I spent in this DMV to get a NV license.  Thanks, crappy DMV with rude staff.  My life is officially much shorter because of you.
2	Pretty long wait here, mine was 45 minutes, and parking is a nightmare. Out of all the locations, this is one of the worst ones. This is like the classic DMV's you see on a TV show, with a line out the door. But, on a good note, the employees seem really helpful.
3	It was the day after Labor Day and just so happened it was ready to renew my registration.  Let me just say that I'm with the norm of the population and just like others, cringe at the thought of going to the DMV.  Usually never nice and always a long wait.  This day, I came over to renew the registration.  I got there at 3pm and ended up leaving by 4:30pm.  Every number called was one step closer to mine and boy was I keeping track!  When I finally got called, I jumped at the opportunity and to my surprise, I got the sweetest lady!  I'm sorry I forgot her name but she's older, short white hair with glasses.  Now I know that's like calling out a single green blade in lush golf course.  In other words, they all look the same LOL.  To the elderly lady that helped me that day:  I would like to thank you for helping to change my view of the DMV.  The wait was still the same, LONG, however you made me feel special.  Thanks boo.
5	Maybe I just use to how the DMV is run back east but this is so much cleaner and faster than what I am use too.  I never had to wait to long to get what I needed to get done.  Again back east you can be stuck there for over 4 hours.  Less than an hour or 2 is awesome!
4	clean & nicethe place isn't as ghetto and dirty as the older dmv. the longest i've waited is 1 hour which at the dmv is great!!! depends on the days but the wait times are a hit or miss. the dmv kiosk is a nice and convenient way if your rushing but it does get busy there. always check the online status on wait times before going there. lots of parking beware though because some parts are for the employee parking.
2	Though I'd prefer to head over to the West Flamingo location...the Hendo office of the Nevada DMV is more miss than hit as it provides service for Green Valley, Anthem, Henderson, South Las Vegas, Boulder City and parts beyond (if they exist).  One would not expect this and as such the building and its ground were never designed to hold as many as the 300+ folks the buildings max dictates.  Though, once you finish War and Peace and the Lord of the Rings (twice on a really good day!) you do end up (on a rare occasion) with a career state employee who is so efficient, that is of course if you've done everything right (successfully performed the Worm, the Carlton and the Dougie) then the entire system is at your disposal and you will leave with a lighter wallet but a definite sense of triumph.
4	The DMV stereotype has been around since the beginning of time.  I have to admit that the Henderson DMV isn't that bad.  I know you are gasping for air right now.  "How could he say that about the DMV?"  Every time I come here the employees are super nice.  In fact I was surprised the first time, but now come to know that they hired some great people.  This is a hard job and they do a great job making the process as enjoyable as they can.  The last time we went we were registering a car we just bought.  We only waited about 30 mins and it was Saturday morning.  So needless to say it was pretty packed.  When we were going through the process the girl (I wish I could remember her name.) told us that our smog was rejected.  I was confused because this was the dealership's fault.  She was really nice and told us to go take care of it and when we got back to come back to her.  After yelling at the dealership and having them resmog the car, we went back.  The girl was with a customer so we waiting a few minutes.  Here is where it gets better.  The lady working next to her was done with her customer before our girl and then she helped us.  This was awesome!  She also gave our daughters stickers.  Don't let the DMV scare you.  This place is great and the employees make it better.  Bet you never thought someone would be saying this about a DMV!  Cheers!
4	How can someone review what most people consider purgatory?? Easy...you compare it with the other purgatories you ve been to and then you can make a different comparsion and evaluation.Thats when you realize this one is not like the others.This aint no Disneyland, nor the Rhino..(don't judge me) however  the american pacific location is by far the best one in the valley. Waiting time totally depends on when you get there. I usually have this awesome trick. Show up at 450..nothing early ..They close at 5, they want to go home, they want you out of there. You will be surprised how fast they go through the line and how efficient they are I mean, it feels like they all took like 45 red bulls and a twelve pack of 24hr energy drinks while having a shot of adrenaline to theirheart. They fly through the lines which means you ll be out of therein no timeThere is plenty of seating and you never feel like a sardine. Bathrooms are clean as well and so is the place itself. If you get a number and have 50 others ahead of u, right across the street there is a plaza with plenty of food jointsBy far this one has the nicest people working there. And I must say,the Sahara and Pecos location is the worst .An advice to most..nowadays you don't need to really go to the dmv unless its something that cant be done online or through their Kiosks around town. Try them , they are easy to use and you wont be needing to take a whole bottle of xanax to cool off after a whole day of DMV action.
4	They now are open at 7:30 am on Sat!!!! Was very happy when i walked in and saw how clean and organized everything was!  I came in on a Sat. morning, and when i checked online, it said they opened at 8:00am, so when i arrived at 7:35 expecting a line out the door, i was a little shocked to see no one outside.  I walked in and walked right up to the counter, got my number and waited my turn.  I later found out that they had changed their open time on Sat. to 7:30am, hence the no wait!  I was in and out with in 15-20 min!  Everyone was very nice and it was nice not to have to wait!
3	Wooo ..it's like Disneyland without the food and fun rides. At least, that's what I tell myself to make me feel better whenever I have to come here. Fortunately, I don't drive, so I've never had to really go through too many terrible experiences here. Last time I had to go to the DMV, I needed to exchange my California ID for a Nevada one. I thought the process was going to take hours, but it really ended up only taking a good 45 minutes. The only reason I was so fortunate is because I woke up early to take care of this task. The lady who handled the request was decently nice as well! Thankfully, I haven't had to return since that date. If for some reason fate decides to bring me back, I'll probably stop by this DMV.
4	How can you rate a DMV, you ask?  Easily - when you come from NY any DMV location in the country has to be better than what you're used to!  I was able to look on the website before I went to get my NV license and see (pretty accurately) how long of a wait there would be.  The whole process was quick and easy.  I was out of there within an hour, which NEVER happened in NY.  Also, it's pretty clean.  In NY, I felt itchy and gross just sitting down in the DMV, lol.  My only complaint was that they wouldn't take my credit card for registration fees without me signing it (it said "see ID").   My options were to sign the card, or use another one with a signature.  When I got home I called the credit card company to see if this was their policy - they said CC holders have the right not to sign their card, but merchants have the right to refuse to use it.  The DMV actually showed me their policy on this so I had no choice...  Otherwise a good DMV experience.
5	10 minutes to do a change of address and car registration.. Not bad!Not really much to say about a DMV. It's usally a horrible life aching experience for me that includes long lines to the point of where I should pack my own lunch!This location rocked. I was in and out in 10 minutes flat. They had about 15 service desks going strong! A+ Henderson. Great employees here too. They lacked the typical DMVatude!
3	In my lifetime, I've only been to this DMV 3 times. All 3 times the wait for me has been long. Because I get a new company ride every year, I'm a regular at DMV's in San Diego and Las Vegas.  I rather go north to the Decatur location, but sometimes get stuck here.  Couple of Tips:-Don't come on a Monday-Don't come on a Friday-Bring a book, it's going to take some time-Bring a meal, eat once you're done with your book.Now when I say the wait here is long, I'm talking around 45 minutes.  I know, this is nothing compared to California where waits can take 2 hours.  Here's another tip, call in or go online to set up an appointment.  And by the way, the employees here are all pleasant.  I give them props just for dealing with impatient peeps like me. PS:  The worse drivers at this location.  No one can seem to park correctly or follow simple driving etiquette like stopping at stop signs.  PS2:  Their drive up emissions area is quick. Hardly any wait there. Overall, I recommend EVERYONE to come here for their DMV needs.  That way I can have the Decatur location all to myself.  I'm Mel C. and I approve this message.
4	I never expected to write a Yelp review for the DMV but I had the first positive DMV experience of my life at this location so they deserve a review.First, everyone is friendly! Really! The employees smile occasionally! We had a very pleasant conversation with the lady who did my driver's license renewal.Second, I was remarking to my husband as we walked in that I don't understand why places like the DMV are always full of the creepiest most degenerate weirdos when SURELY there are normal people who occasionally need to visit a government facility to do normal things like renew their driver's licenses. Apparently all those normal people go here.Third, the facility itself is clean and airy and not a dark dank creepy office like some other DMVs, including the one I last visited in Chicago which was literally in the deserted basement of some downtown office building.Fourth, you can track wait times online and it is pretty accurate. We chose the Henderson location because it had the shortest wait time (some of the others were well past 2 hours when I looked). In this case, I think we waited slightly less than the 40 minutes quoted and all in all the process took a little over an hour.I can't give 5 stars because, well, it's still the DMV.
3	Last Sunday,when I turned 41, I renewed my Driver's License electronically. There was no paperwork to show that my license was valid. When I checked out at Von's, the worst thing that could of happened to a Las Vegan happened to me. For the first time since I turned 21, it was illegal for me to purchase beer. As I left Von's with my loyal 24 ounce can of Bud Ice sitting in the cashier's hands, I felt like I was leaving a good friend.   After a very hard day of work my one 24 ounce can of Bud Ice is my glass of wine*.After a hard day at work, it is my night train. My night train had crashed. I was forced to become a tee totaler. It was obvious that I was a tee totaler failure.    The weekdays turned to Saturday. My updated Nevada Driver's License never arrived. I was headed to the DMV to kiss tee totaling goodbye.   When I visit the Henderson DMV, all the fun starts in the parking lot. The parking lot is so insufficient for the high volume of people using the DMV. If you get a parking spot, after you leave there will be a cue of cars following you to the parking spot. Usually I park across Stephanie Street by Panda Express.  On my quest to put an end to my tee totaling, I stopped at the information booth. This is where they give you a ticket number or direct you to the kiosk. I took my ticket and paperwork to fill out before walking across the hangar of ticket counters to my seat.  The difference from the number flashing on the LED screens to my ticket number was greater than the Yelp 100 Challenge. The quality of my Saturday was in the hands of the numbers flashing on the screen. I did what I am accustomed to when I am in a boring environment. I opened up my book, which was the new Michael Jackson biography and brought my mind miles from the impersonal flashing red LCD screens and people that preferred to be someplace else.  I expected to waste hours away in the DMV. Contrary to my expectations there was a fast progression through the numbers displayed on the screen. The DMV has sufficient elbow room. The climate control was set just right. In contrast to some of the DMVs that I suffered through in the past, this one is as modern as a new casino. By the time I followed the adventures of Michael Jackson from LA to Berlin, they called my number.  My visit to the DMV ended on a good note. The woman that helped me was helpful, and we shared a joke over what people have to go through to get a beer. I got my license extension and put my tee totaling behind me.*Reviewer's note: I usually drink only one 24 ounce can after a difficult day of work. My preferred night drink is hot caffeine free tea.Yelp 100 Challenge. Review 38 of 100.
3	Why must we be tortured and have to waste 2-3 hours of our day here just to register a new car!The service was alright, the people were helpful and polite, BUT, there has to be a better system to speed up the process of registering our NEW cars!I am thankful i never have to wait in the long lines ever again until i get a new car.Im thankful for those kiosk that take renewals, this will make your life easier!Based on my experience I should have gone to the Sahara DMV after 4PM it was a quick in and out process for new car registrations.
3	Uggggg!  It went pretty fast!  I was surprised it really wasn't that many people in there.  Just the fact that the parking lot wasn't full, was a good sign!   It only took about 20 min for them to call my no.  WOW  DMV, I'm impressed!  I was able to get on with my life!  Whoot Whoot!
5	I came in to update my information because I moved to a new side of Vegas. I have heard rumors that this was going to be a long process. But once inside with number in hand the process was so quick. I was in say 20 minutes tops and the staff inside was so nice kind and respectful. I filled out paper work did a eye test took a picture. And was excited how smooth everything went. If I have to return I wont stress at all I'm sure they will get me in and out quickly.
3	Surprisingly enough, I've never had to wait more than 20 mins to be attended. I would think people hate their jobs there but if you just talk with them and make time for jokes and small talk, everything is a breeze!
5	I had virtually no wait time! I barely sat down! Linda was a great help and the security guard, Mr Mateo, was also extremely helpful. I'll travel across Vegas to be services by this DMV. :)
2	My experience with DMV in Henderson office, DMV on line or over the phone all have been different, but even on line when you don't have to wait to interact with a DMV employee, there are still problems. You are advised to call or try again later. They are way understaffed when dealing with them in the office or on the phone. I now have to resort to email and hopefully I will here back from someone in 72hours...last year it took six weeks to get the original title for my Mustang! That's way too long. A good friend of mine who buys cars from people and repairs them so he can sell, told me go in just before DMV closes and watch how fast the employees go through the numbers. They have to serve everyone inside before they can officially close. On line the wait times are posted, so if anyone has feedback on how that works, let us know. Thanks, Larry P
4	Arrived 8:10am on a Monday. Waited 6 minutes and boom, I was called up. Unbelievably short wait! In LA, I would have to wait at least 15 minutes just to get a number, and then wait another 30-45 to get called. No line to get a number and a six minute wait to get called. AMAZING.The rep was not very friendly but effective. Had to pay a crap load to register my car but the cool part was that you're able to buy special license plates (for a pricey $60 more). I bought the Susan Komen one--if you're going to spend more, might as well stretch that dollar to donate. Four stars. Five stars for fast serviceFive stars for helpfulness (answering all my questions)Four stars for friendliness (smiling helps)Five stars for parking spaces
5	was in and out of here in minutes, parking is horrible though...
3	Even though the wait time was too long for me,  the NV DMV office beats out that hot mess of CA DMV offices that's for sure. What's to like:They have more employees on staff to handle busy flow of customers.They are pretty efficient and organized.When you first come in the intake clerks will give you appropriate forms you need. You are given a number. Just chill and wait till your number is announced or you can watch the lighted boards to see if number is called.Plenty of room and seating. The have plenty of chairs here, and a small nook where there are vending machines to get snacks and drinks. Employees are for the most part pretty pleasant. Good signage. I didnt have any problem searching were to go.What's not to like:The volume of people that come here. Does not matter what day or what time of day you come.  I was here on a Tuesday late afternoon and it was freaking busy. There's even a line at the "quick" Kiosk where you can renew your registration.The wait. You sit and wait and wait...135 people ahead of me. It averaged out to 10 per minute being called. Which meant 1hr 45 minute wait for me. At least if one employee took a break there was another window open. The parking lot was the worst ever! Finding a parking spot took about 10 minutes since there is only one way in, plus if you are getting ready to leave, backing out is also difficult since the cars coming in are blocking your way. Ugh.For license renewals you have to come in because you have to take an eye test again.No appointments are given for license renewals (none that I know of at least)You have an option to take a new photo too. Since the use that photo recognition software you cannot have your eyewear on.  In the old days you had to. No biggie but I like my specs.So two hours spent here isnt too bad. You're lucky if you are one of the few who get out of there in less than 30 minutes.
1	Moving here from California, I though that this place will not be as crowded or horrible.... WRONG !In fact I waited for 4 hours before getting to the desk. This should not happen in a civilized 1st world country. In fact I've been to 3rd world countries and the wait in govt. agencies isn't as bad. Can I say: privatize the DMV please?Once there I was met with a mean, mid aged Asian lady who didn't even bother making an eye contact with me. She told me that I should take a driving test although I was still licensed in CA. She charged me $25 for the test.I went online to review the Nevada DMV rules and it clearly stated that I didn't need to take the test. So I went back the next day with the rules printed to another mean, mid aged Asian lady who told me that I still had to take the test anyway.I almost lost my temper (don't do that because these weak sub-human beings will call security on you) and asked to talk to her supervisor.Long story short, the supervisor agreed that i didn't have to take the test and I should be refunded $25. Here is the problem, it takes 30 DAYS for me to receive the refund!
4	Quick Tip: On Saturday they open before their said 8am time. Get here around 7am to avoid long lines. Also, get in the line for information. They will give you your wait #. Do it as soon as you walk in. They are pretty good at moving through ppl at fast enough pace.Overall, its a typical DMV. Come early and expect to wait at least 2-3 hours. Parking will be a hastle, however all the necessary services i.e. clean bathrooms, and vending machines are provided. And information desk is very friendly.
2	What can I say? It's the DMV. Everyone knows the basics.1. Parking sucks2. Wait times suck 3. The employees kinda suck. 4. People watching is entertaining here!Make sure your phone is fully charged before getting here so that you are entertained for the next 2 hours or so. Don't sit next to someone sketchy, but sometimes you can't help it. If you can, go online to do your DMV stuff or use the kiosks. It saves you the time and hassle.
3	So what can you say about the DMV...dreary tasks administered by dreary people. the best way to handle them is to be extra nice and they usually will be pleasant enough in return. I want at a great time ,my wait was only about 25 minutes,and my transaction took about 5 minutes. As a side note nevada DMV is basically run like everything else in this state,a shakedown. Funny after being here for about 6 months I truly see las vegas in a different light,it is completely different when you shoot in for a 3 day trip and leave vs living here. Anyways there are positives and negatives no matter where you live. C'est la vie.
4	Walked in with my firearm and asked the security if it was okay.he said it was okay for me to open carry
2	If you have to wait and see a real person. Bring a lunch or go in get a ticket them go get something to eat. On average the wait times are 1 - 1 1/2 hours bring reading material. If your a people watcher water the tellers and you will see they don't enjoy there jobs and are just waiting until clock put time. If you plan to pay with a credit card they don't take American Express and you won't find a sign saying it until you give them the card to pay. Then the process will start all over again and when you ask why you can see they don't give a "&"$);/).... You would think these people would be a little more pleasant since all they is take your hard earned money! So if you can use the machine or online and save yourself a headache.
3	My 1st point of contact was a older lady I will not name  names. She was very unpleasant. Never made eye contact with me even after calling me a liar over a plate sticker (SMH  I have no clue why I would lie about not getting a sticker but I was very insulted). I leaned in and said "you probably should work on your customer service skills". She looked at me apologize and then I could see she was really tried and very remorseful. (Poor lady) she gave me my number and I was in and out of there within 5/ 10 minutes.
5	Based on our fellow yelper reviews I decided to go to the DMV in Henderson to register my vehicle and change my D/L. I showed up around 7:30AM and there was already a line, about 30 deep. Once the doors opened customer service was great and I was out of there within an hour. I can't compare it with any other DMV offices in Nevada but based on my experiences in NYC and OC, Nevada was a walk in the park.
2	Long wait! And the usual screaming children and bad parenting that makes this place special
3	Come here for a reality check on govt run efficiency !Okay, I am being a bit picky.  I don't generally like waiting in line for 1 hour or more for service. You would never do this spending money at a mall or most restaurants. The good news is that I was prepared and ready to hunker down for 2 hours, so when the wait was only slightly over 1 hour, it was totally acceptable.a. Parking - Wow, can you believe it?  You would think people on their best behavior would b a little nicer in this parking lot.  NO!  Here is my real question though. Since the DMV has pretty much invented and perpetuated the long lines, wouldn't they know to design a parking lot to hold more people?b. The Wait - Plenty of seats, vending machines, bathrooms.  Bring your iPad, kindle, book, newspaper and all forms of entertainment as you will have time to relax and enjoy, or you will have time to get anxiety and stare at everyone working in an excitingless manner.c.  The service - Overall very well trained and knowledgeable.  Generally friendly.I came in at 4:45pm and they close the doors at 5:00 pm. Very regimented, very authoritative.  Wish I could run my household the same way!  So, my number was nearly 200 places away, but it went quick and i got done in an hour.Not bad overall, just totally inefficient.  GK says, go online if you can!
5	Was in line at 7:15 and by 7:40 they were coming thru the line making sure we had the right paper work. They opened doors at 7:50 and we were done and out of there at 8:10am!!The lady that helped us was nice and even let us choose our license plate
5	I'm giving this review 5 stars only because this was the second time I've used the Kiosk to renew my car registration & it's awesome!! I'm in & out in under 10 minutes! I love the fact that I can walk by the huge amount of people sitting & waiting for their number to be called & I can go right up to the Kiosk scan my registration card, hit a couple of options, swipe my plastic & bam! My registration drops out & I'm on my way out! I believe that you can only do two things on the Kiosk. Car registration renewal & driver's licenses renewal??? I've gone into this location a few years ago to get a NV drivers license & had to wait & the waits are long @ any of the DMV's in town! I usually do my car registration when I get my car smogged tested but the place I went to today didn't have the service available due to the guy having the day off! I'm so thankful for the Kiosk & I usually get lucky in finding a parking spot because that is always full too!! If you have to go to the DMV & can't use the Kiosk plan on spending @ least an hour & don't plan on going there when your in a hurry!!
4	Going to the DMV ranks right up there somewhere in between Jury Duty and getting a root canal. Thursday afternoon, wait time was about 1 hour for me. That being said, this place was well organized. I did however feel unnecessarily rushed by the staff when having my photo taken and in the general info line (where you get a number assigned to you). But ultimately the process was less painful than in California.
3	All in all the system goes fairly quickly.  It's the people you are waiting with that cause the grief in an already annoying situation. As for the DMV staff they were approachable but robotic... The security officer points and grunts.Read the website and don't being any copies!  Everything must be original!!!  My experience was 3 hours long....  :-(
4	Who likes the DMV?  No body I know....HOWEVER, the only complaint I have is for Veteran exemptions, Clark County is one of the ONLY counties in Nevada who does not allow you to renew your registration online.  I sent an email and the response I go is that they are ready, however the DMV says the Accessor office has not updated their system to make the two work....So why the 4 stars???  The new system which allows you to check in online to get your place in line is AWESOME...You go on your computer and check-in, the system sends you a text on your phone telling you how many people are in front of you and approximately how long it will take.  When I checked in, the system told me there were 189 people in front of me and it would be approximately 3 1/4 hours.Since I live about 10 minutes away from the DMV, I left the house and went to a place near the DMV to have lunch and relax.  The system allows you to request status updates as often as you like so I kept a watchful eye on the system.  When the system said there were 30 people in front of me and about 30 minutes left until my turn I decided to head on over and find a parking space.Once parked, I went in and the system sent me a text saying I had about 19 minutes and should head on over. I waited approximately 20 minutes and my number was called with a counter location.  It took less then 5 minutes to renew my registration and I was on my way home.  The entire time took about 2 1/2 hours from start to finish.I HIGHLY recommend using this system as it will allow you to run errands, eat lunch, shop, whatever you need to do instead of sitting at the DMV and your phone will keep you up to date on you place in line.
1	I go to register my father's car (Disabled Vet) I bring in the insurance and the card shows a date for 1 day from now...I told the clerk that this is the card they sent and they told us to use this one as the temp cards could be disgarded. Car was insured day he bought it. Clerk said no I need today's date makes no sense. So I just wasted 2 hours.
3	Update..well went back today, new clerk. He stated he was sorry for what I went through and that clerk could have done a better job. He also added that if she would have done her job she could have located my insurance so I wouldn't had to make a second trip.  Thank you.
2	I thought people at the dmv are friendly but my guess is wrong. The lady who helped me was being sarcastic and being rude coz maybe I was the last person she was going to help. But still, they need better training and they need to show better customer service.
1	Incompetent staff, glitchy new technology, and three hour wait times. Get ready to bend over. It's the greatest display of local government incompetence.
4	With the new system of being able to text for your spot in line and sit at home or do what ever you need to do instead of sitting at the DMV for 3 hours makes this a pleasurable experience. I texted Saturday am around 8:30 and I got a confirmation the I had a 130 min wait. With updates here and there I went to the pet store and stopped at my insurance agent before my trip. Parking can still be a nightmare but I was lucky to have someone pull out while I was near them. Walked in and the station I needed to report to was on the board and sent to my phone. I was there for 15mins total. Much better than it used to be!
5	This new text messaging system for appointments is magnificent! I sent my text, received response letting me know how long my wait time was ... and boom ... I was in and out in no time. Great job DMV!
