4	Pizza was very authentic and cheap.  Thin crust and just the right amout of toppings.  Make sure to fold it.  The guys who work here were probably the most friendly I've experienced in a NY pizzeria in a long time.  We also had some pasta, but the main event was the pizza.
4	When you go to the register there's a printed sign in the back that says "We only speak New York here." If that's a good thing or not I'm not sure? What I can tell you is the pizza I had was an authentic N.Y. Slice. This makes me happy because that's a hard thing to do. The sauce was the right flavor and the cheese was the right flavor and correct ratio. So, get a slice and "fogedaboud'it."
5	Hands down, the BEST pizza in Vegas.  Family owned and operated.  Real authentic New Yorkers (accents included).  The waitresses are amazing, especially the two Staten Island sisters.  Anthony, the pizza guy from Brooklyn, is pretty hot too.ORDER THE MEATBALLS- they are unstoppable.One of the most welcoming places I've eaten at in Vegas.  Great prices, GREAT service, and most of all, GREAT FOOD.  Go there and ask Anthony to make you a "Staten Island Slammer"-- regular pie with ricotta, tomatoes, and and fresh basil-- incredible!
4	I concur with the reviewer below, best pizza in Las Vegas.  In my experiences, it's second only to Mozza Pizzeria in Los Angeles.  Extra crispy is the way to go with New York Pizza & Pasta.
4	This is definitely the best pizza in Las Vegas. I drove here after hearing such great things about it and I was not disappointed. The pizza was crisp but not too crisp, the crust was nice and fluffy. The sauce had great flavor and the cheese was fantastic. I only had 2 slices to begin with but after those 2 I had to have 2 more because it reminded me of NY so much. I was born and raised in Manhattan and lived there for over 20 years. This is as close as it gets in Las Vegas. They are fantastic!
5	After reading all the rave reviews of this place I decided to trust my fellow yelpers and give it a go.Real NY pizza in Las Vegas? It couldn't be! I ordered a Large 2-topping delivered $20-Beef & Mushroom. Thin & crispy crust with nice sauce & REAL toppings. Damn Tasty!Never been to NY so I can't compare but it was just they way I ike it.Thanks Yelp!
4	I have probably been to a dozen or so "NY" or "East Coast" or "Big Apple" pizza places here in town and NY Pizza and Pasta is pretty authentic. I may go as far as to say it's the best pizza I've had in town. It's not near my house at all, but worth making the drive. I've had better garlic knots, but I'll give them a free pass on that one. Their sicilian pie is just amazing. They're family owned and run, which also scores big points. I would give 5 stars, but the service while dining in hasn't always been good.For you other pizza places, NY has hard water too, so stop with that excuse. Turn your ovens up to char the bottom and put some flavor in your sauce.
4	This is a pretty solid pizza and comes pretty close to east coast stuff.  I would choose this over most Ray's locations in NYC.  I ordered a side of meatballs cuz someone else recommended it on here but I just thought they were meh.  Certainly gives Metro a run for their money for best pizza closest to my apartment!!
3	Pretty good pizza for Vegas, definitely liked their Sicilian pizza better than the thin crust though, just wish it was a bit closer!
5	No question about it. New York Pizza and Pasta is the only place in Las Vegas that resembles a New York pizzeria and New York pizza. The pizza is delicious, just the way pizza is supposed to be. Their meatballs, eggplant parmigiana, lasagna, and marinara sauce are made from scratch, and couldn't be any better. Their regular pizza, white pie, and sicilian are hard to resist.
5	I'm eating their regular cheese pizza right now.  A coworker wanted me to compare it to Broadway Pizzeria, and here's the difference I taste.  The dough and crust on this pizza is phenomenal.  Lightly crunchy on the very outside, fluffy on the inside, chewy but not doughy.  The pizza is wholly delicious.  I can't say it's better than Broadway's.  They're both amazing.  I might like the cheese and sauce combination of Broadway's pizza more, but the overall pizza slice of this restaurant I think I may like better.  This pizza seems to have more dimensions without losing any of the east coast..
3	Not bad , but not the greatest.  We got the BBQ wings, fries, and the vegetarian pizza on thin crust. I know what a great combo. The veggie pizza got soggy quick because of the tomatoes. I like more sauce and there was little of it and more cheese. We took ours to go, but if you dine in you'll get a feel of the Bronx right here in our backyard. My take worth trying if you need to try something new.
5	I just gotta give these guys the pizza crown. They deserve it. Real NY pizza, great sauce, authentic ambiance, this place just oozes NY. I think I would know, I was born and raised there... I went back again and ordered a large pie by myself and almost downed the whole thing. All I could think about was how amazing each bite was. I will always come back here. They are just a great bunch of people and the pizza is so good! Forget the rest, seriously. This is where it's at.
5	Gotta give the "best pizza in Vegas" award to Jimmie and his family from queens.  I grew up there and moved to California 30 years ago and now I drive over 6 hours 4 times a year to copulate those perfect pies. Order them plain like a true new yorker. Start with the garlic knots and a side of meatballs. If you don't like this place then go to the gun shop next door and eat a bullet, you deserve it.
4	I dig the place and the family that owns the business. Friendly and awesome service. I don't think anyone in Vegas can touch the prices they have for 2 single topping gigantic pies with a pitcher of soda for around $25. The free garlic knots are really good. Been to New York couple times and this is like eating there. This place is not fancy. Just tables and chairs. But the attentiveness and friendliness is what makes this place a good place to go on a casual evening without breaking the bank. I'm not kidding when I say that with the two pies we still ended up taking home about a 3/4 pie.
5	This place deserves my five stars. Walking in you can feel the family vibe to it, and the aroma of the food lingers in a good way. I've never had real NY pizza, but this is the best pizza place I've ever had out here in Las Vegas.Their dressings are home made, pizza hand tossed, the overall staff is very welcoming, and friendly. I see that these people really appreciate food, and their business.
4	The pizza would be a 3 star in my pizza rankings, but the friendly staff, great prices, and homey atmosphere earn this place a star bump. I was pretty disappointed in my lunch special pizza. I've been to NYC quite a bit, eaten a LOT of NY pizza and folks this aint it ! I did love the family vibe, and they treated me so well - I just wish the pizza was better. It was like warmed over mall food court type stuff. It *does* remind me of the food court pizzas I've eaten while in the city (Villa pizza in NYC comes to mind), but nothing special. I need to make it over there again beacuse clearly I caught them on a bad day, but unfortunately it's been a month and I still can't bring myself to go back !
4	Food was good.Service was even better.  Got that family feel.Please support this business.  We're happy we stopped in for a meal here.They are a family run business but they are located quite a ways away from the strip.UPDATE 1/3/11:  Just get the pizza.  Had a meatball sub which was good but not worth $7 or $8.  My buddy got the pasta.  Not worth $12.  My wife got a mini-pizza and was very satisfied with the pizza quality.UPDATE 1/5/12:  Secret pizza in the Cosmopolitan Hotel is a lot better.  But also costs a lot more.
4	Thank you Yelp for helping me find a place that was open for delivery on Sunday night.  I haven't dined here, yet, and I don't even think I've heard of it.  Wasn't in the mood for pizza so I ordered a greek salad and a meatball sub.  Greek salad was good, but was missing pepperocinis and red onions.  Meatball sub was above average.Oh yeah, we got garlic knots due to all of the positive recommendations, and I'm glad we did.  They were awesome.Delivery dude forgot to bring a pen even though I ordered via credit card.  How does that always happen?  You know you're going to need me to sign it, dude.  Sigh, I still tipped him good anyways.
5	Favorite local pizza place for the taste, quality & price. Not pretentious. Just good classic taste. I love their combo pizza (about $20) with pepperoni, sausage, olives/onions, and we add ricotta. So creamy and perfectly seasonsed. We also ALWAYS get the side of sausage and large order of garlic knots. The real garlic drenching, the awesome marinara sauce and tasty sausage links are worth the trip.
3	My office is five minutes away from this pizza joint, and given the prior Yelp reviews, I decided to give this place a try. The first time I ordered from here, I ordered the Italian wedding soup. The soup was filled with little meatballs, which I thought were delicious! The soup came with this toasted garlic bread of some sort. It was hard and oily. I threw it out after one bite. Then I ordered the lunch special with one slice of cheese pizza and salad. Meh, Cugino's on Maryland Parkway is better. I will definitely come back just because it is close, but not because they have the best New York style pizza. I guess I still have to try the pasta. Good luck!
4	Pizza was great. Service was excellent.
4	We ordered the pepperoni pizza and garlic knots...both had great flavor.  This pizza joint has a nice New York feel to it, and the customer service was wonderful!  The staff was friendly and they gave recommendations.  I can't remember how much our bill was, but I know it was reasonably priced.
4	Great lunch specials. I always get the 2 slices and a drink. Nice and chewy NY style crust.
5	Just moved to Las Vegas, and ordered Pizza and Salad for my family.  Great price, great food and it was delivered in less than the 45 minutes they told us to wait!  THANK YOU!
5	Living near the restaurant for many years, I always wanted to try their pizza. For one reason or another, it never seemed to materialize.A couple months ago, we had some vendors stop by work, and they asked us to order pizza. Their dime seemed like the best time to give this place a shot.It was very good. Why did I wait so long?Today, the boss stops by my desk and asks me where we should go to order pizza for everybody, remembering our last good experience, we went with NY Pizza & Pasta again.I was given a budget, and (we learned after the fact) stayed under it for 5 multi-topping large pizzas, a couple orders of fries, some mozzarella & zucchini sticks, garlic knots and misc dipping sauces for around $120.Normally, when pizza is on hand, there are a few people that eat anything and will grab some slices, others that are picky and eat a slice or two, and a few people that NEVER eat pizza.Jokingly, after lunch, the boss told me that I was going to be fired if I didn't order enough food again. As there was NOTHING, absolutely NOTHING left. It even looked like someone drank the last of the ranch.The food was so good that every member of our staff fought for as much food as they could get.The delivery estimate on the site (as I ordered the food online) was 45-60 minutes, I got a call back stating that it may take up to 90 minutes because it is such a large order. Between the original estimate of 45-60 minutes the delivery driver arrived. He set up all of the food in our conference room and surprised us with some 2 liter bottles of soda thrown in as well.Quick, good food at reasonable prices, if you are in the area, give them a chance!
4	Hubby and I were wasting time before a doctor's appointment yesterday and decided to eat lunch out. We wanted somewhere close to the office, but with good food. I'd seen some decent reviews about New York Pizza & Pasta and it was right up the street from our final destination. With this in my mind, I pointed my husband to the restaurant. We got there not too long after they opened and they weren't too busy. We choose our own seat and set out to figure out what to eat. We decided to split a Medium "Works" pizza NY style as well as some mozzarella sticks. The mozaarella sticks came out first and were so good! They definitely hit the spot! The pizza was out quickly too and I was not expecting such large pieces! The pizza was delicious and very filling. We will definitely be back to NY Pizza & Pasta in the future!
4	Great pizza! Fresh ingredients and friendly service.Plenty of tables too since expansion
1	Placed a to go order today through eat24/7 and was quoted 45-60 minutes.  After 1 hour 15 minutes I called to check on my order.  The guy who answered the phone was very rude and told me it would be there in about 20 minutes.  I told him that I had to go to work and didn't think his driver would make it on time.  He then proceded to yell at me and tell me to just cancel my order and then he hung up on me.  Obviously they don't believe in good customer service.
3	1 star = Terrible. Multiple things went wrong. Never going back.2 star = Not good. I will not go back, but it wasnt absolutely awful.3 star = Good, not great. I wouldnt go out of my way, but I *would* go back.4 star = Excellent food. I really liked it. I could be a regular here.5 star = Phenomenal food. Something truly special here.I am a bit surprised at all the 5-star ratings. Maybe I am a pizza snob. This place was fine, but nothing to write home about. Mark Rich's II in Summerlin pwns this place. Words like authentic, NYC, etc. seem, to me, to be a bit of a reach.Everything was ok. We ordered mozz sticks, friend mushrooms, a medium pizza and 2 cokes (Pepsi, bleck). The apps were good and the pizza sauce they served for dipping was good too. The pizza was blah. The sauce didnt have a lot of flavor and there wasnt much cheese on the pie. Toppings were sparse, which would have been fine with better sauce and higher quality cheese.The people were really really nice, but our waitress came in from a smoke break, headed right to the kitchen and brought us out our food. Ew. Also, we paid over $40 bucks with tip for the items listed above - 2 sodas, 2 apps, and a medium pizza.One other thing: the decor is really run down. That didnt bother me -- I like hole in the wall places -- but just FYI.This is close to work, so I would probably try it again with co-workers.
5	Been coming to NY P and P since 1994. Nothing has changed, and that's a good thing. No frills, down to earth Italian eatery. The pizza is much better if you eat it there, hot and fresh. I live near Mark Riches new york pizza and pasta, and this is not the same place. It's much, much better! Meatball and chicken parm subs are some of the best i've ever had. Just remember..the food will taste twice as good if you sit down and eat it there!
4	New York Pizza & Pasta overall is a pretty great pizzeria. I enjoy the flavor of the crust along with the sauce. The cheese really isn't bad either. They have pretty decent garlic knots. I tried this place back in the day, and for some reason, I wasn't a fan. Then in the past month or so I've had delivery twice and a couple pickup orders.I opted for the thin traditional pie the first two times. Everything was great, except for some reason this place doesn't seem to know how to make a pie well done. I ordered it well both times, each time it was slightly undercooked. Considering that they use a brick oven, that's a little baffling and somewhat frustrating. It isn't enough to make me stop going here, but hopefully next time, they'll cook it longer. So with that little annoyance aside, I'll move on to my pickup experience.I decided to try their Sicilian when I went to pick up. When I arrived, the guy at the counter was pretty unfriendly. Maybe he was just having a bad day, but it was kinda crappy. There was lots of older people that seemed like they owned the joint. I liked that! If it's family owned and operated, they get a few bonus points with me. The Sicilian pizza was pretty incredible. It was one of the best I've had in this town. It was close to a New York Sicilian. That automatically made up for the shoddy customer service and the previously undercooked pies. Those issues prevent me from giving it 5 stars, but damn, that was a delicious Sicilian. I think they beat Verrazano's. The garlic knots here beat Verrazano's as well. So definitely try it out if you haven't already. It's currently my favorite pizzeria! Update: I think the customer service was an isolated incident. The second time I picked up, they treated me great!
5	I am originally from Brooklyn, NY when I first moved here I tried all kinds of Italian places in town that would not gouge my pocket, then I came across this restaurant, I found the place to be good on service, the prices were on point and fair. As far as the portions were concerned they were good for the price, more then enough to fill you up and then some to take home. As far as the taste of food goes, the food here is one of the closes in taste to what I liked back home on the east coast. I will be visiting this place anytime I get homesick and want the taste of the old fashion home cooking for N.Y. Keep up the good work.
4	Been here a few times, always very busy, mixed crowd of people.  Tonight it was busy, but service was excellent.The garlic knots were good and the fried zucchini strips were good.  We ordered a large pizza meatballs, sausage, mushrooms and ricotta cheese.  It was great.  Overall, it was a enjoyable meal.
1	They were a place I've been to regularly and rant and raved about it, but they were way off today. We waited for a delivery and received a late call stating that no one answered the door and that the driver had to climb over the fence. We were home all day, being vigilant and waiting. The fence was locked and in no way broken. Do you not know how to open a fence? In past delivers, the fence was locked in a sense that there was a pin in a holder, but past drivers were able to figure out there way in. Not that hard. Received attitude asking if I would be home this time to get the order, ASSUMING that we were lying which we weren't. There is the possibility that they were lying and probably late on delivering the order. We asked why the driver didn't call us, and apparently his phone died, that's the driver's responsibility to have a phone handy. I understand this could happen and I understand the frustration, but there was no need to give attitude to your client that is keeping YOU employed. Never again.
3	Trying yet another new spot for delivery options!  A+ for options, and to be fair - none of us actually ordered a pizza, so I'll have to order again and update my review later. Sad part is delivery stops at 8:45pm - so not good for late night cravings.I had the shrimp scampi that came with pasta --- more like pasta that came with 8 little overcooked shrimp, but it scratched that buttery itch for the most part, although very heavy on the oil factor. Other people got a salad, a sub, and something on a burger bun (sorry, I was hungry and didn't pay enough attention!) For an app, someone ordered fried calamari, and although the ticket even said that, they brought us fried mushrooms. One quick phone call, one quick apology, and sent a driver right over with fresh fried calamari (plus we got to keep the mushrooms, which were fried tasty goodness!) --- that my friends is what good delivery service does when someone messes up, and for that, I will happily order from them again (can you tell I've had a bad experience? Read my one star review if you're curious).
5	Still working my way through the menu, but everything so far has been great. The knots are unbeatable and the pizza is pretty "close", if you know what I mean. Plus, they are definitely from NY, so they know what they're doing in there! I can't wait to try the Sicilian, which I haven't had since I lived in Queens (five years ago!). I always get sausage on my thin-crust and it's actually sliced thin, not little crumbles. So good. The mini pie with two toppings for $7 and change is more than enough for me. Are they the friendliest bunch? Not always, but do you really care? I may be showing my New York, but just give me my pizza and send me on my way. This is a hole-in-the-wall mostly meant for takeout or delivery, not a five-star steakhouse. Come for the pizza, not the freaking ambiance.I'd recommend picking up a copy of the menu and calling in your order. For one, there's a $1 delivery fee through Eat24 while their printed menu says it's free. I've only ever paid for a delivery when ordering online, so keep it in mind. Also, when ordering online, sometimes special instructions/substitutions don't print out correctly on their end.
5	true ny pizza, from a real new yorker! :) best garlic knots hands down - even when compared to ny ones!!!- pizza is about average ny pizza but its still NEW YORK pizza in las vegas!!! the only other place that even comes close is s.p. but there wayyyy over priced
5	REAL NY thin crust pizza... c'mon now they even have the brooklyn accent!  This is the spot for crispity crunchity pizza.  No frills no thrills pizzeria with a full menu, don't let the decor fool you and the ranch dressing is housemade...delicious!I usually ask for the pizza to be in the oven a few extra minutes for super crisp crust!  just get down there and try some!!!  You'll like it! maybe even LUV it....I do!I LUV NY pizza!!!!!!!!!!Ciao
5	Just moved to las Vegas and decided to use yelp to find a great pizza place. Based on the reviews I stopped in and was not disappointed!! OMG the NY thin crust pizza is delish! My boyfriend and i had pepperoni and sausage. The sausage was shaved slices that look just like gyro strips. Perfect flavors and no gritty fennel seeds in the sausage which made my day lol. This seems like a nice family owned establishment and they are all very friendly. Garlic knots were yummy with a crunchy exterior and a soft inside. Served with a side of heated marinara sauce. All in all a wonderful find!! We will be back soon!!
5	The best pizza in town in my opinion. I've been coming here for over 10 years now and it's always the same great, friendly staff and delicious pizza. Their pasta dishes are tasty too, especially the Chicken Tequila (if you like spicy food), and don't let yourself leave without trying the knots.
5	Found this place on a long term quest for Sicillian pie that is as good as I got on the East Coast years ago.Eureka!!! I found it here by the slice and it's as good as I've ever had. Will be a regular stop  on all my Vegas trips.Check the photo on there web page of a slice of Sicillian. Mouth watering...
5	I LOVE NYP&P, thay make one of the best pies in Las Vegas ( and i base this on a lot of places i've eaten) Their house salad reminds me of eating at my Nonna's hose when i was little, and their Sicilian pizza is by far the best i've ever had in Vegas.All their ingredients are fresh and tasty, and i just found out that on Sundays during football season they do a deal with a bucket of bear (get the Costello it's great) and a large 1 topping pizza for $25! i know where i'm taking all my buddies on Sundays from now on!
1	Was in Vegas for the weekend. Ordered pizza for delivery & it never showed up.
4	Great lunch specials.  Good New York "Godfather" feel to the place.
5	Every time I need a good slice of New York, this is the spot I have to visit. Walk in, seat yourself, and yell across the restaurant to all the cooks because they're all awesome!Been here many times to give myself a nice reality check and get some great food. Everything made fresh to order with some extra "streets of New York" love. Pizza is always fantastic! Crispy crust, not too much sauce, and always the perfect amount of cheese. The service here takes you into a world of legitimate care. People that aren't fake, but really want to make sure you are comfortable and full...Just like mom. I love this place. Great food and great service. What more can you ask for?
5	One of the best pizza's in Las Vegas.  It's the closest to NY pizza on the West coast there is.  Take it from a New Yorker and a self proclaimed Pizza Snob.  It is crunchy with just the right amount of sauce/cheese ratio.  You know that it's a great pie when you do NOT have to add anything on the pizza.  Just a cheese pizza and if it's good, you know it's good.  This place makes one of the best Pizza's in town!  The garlic knots are also amazing and with marinara, magnifico!
5	Gotta eat at this place . I left for 4 years for the Army and in Afghanistan I craved their food . I'm home on leave and could not miss this seeing everyone there and the food.
5	Love this place!!! The owners and atmosphere is like a New York attitude which you got to love. First time eating here about 5 years ago just by reading reviews from yahoo trying to find a good New York style pizza. Once you walk into this local spot of a hang out you see how everyone feels so comfortable.  In one corner you have family/friends enjoying their time laughing and catching up on gossip and in another you see a regular come in and sit down at his usual spot. And at this particular time the wife and I came in to try it out the place it felt like we've been there before by just the way we were greeted and the whole atmosphere. The waitress was great she kept ending her questions for us with "doll". And when we told her this was our first time there she asked, you wanting pizza...yes, slice or pie...pie, a lot on it...yes, then you'll like "The Works". After that...the rest is history. After meeting Anthony and Jimmy you feel like your apart of the place. Anthony has such a regular following for the way he makes his pizza he'll even half bake and not slice it so you can enjoy it hot when you get home. Thus, everytime I come into Vegas I stop off there to eat and when I leave to head back to Cali I get my half bake for the trip home as well as an order of garlic knots(so so good if you love a lot of garlic) for the drive. Oh and if Anthony is working don't ask for ranch dressing for his pies haha.
3	The pizza is consistently good.  I asked what deals they had for a large pizza and 1/2 bucket.  What they ended up giving me was a medium pizza and 1/2 bucket.  The price was within $1 had I ordered the large and wings separately.  Also, they are a Pepsi joint, not a Coke one.  Had I gotten the large pizza they probably would have gotten 4 stars.
5	Was my 1st time there.  Had the lemon herb chicken with Angel Hair Pasta.  Chicken was done perfect and the sauce was yummy.  They were slamming busy when I got there we several very large tables, so the owner personally took care of my order - thank you Jimmie!  I will be back! And you MUST if you do nothing else try their Cannoli - it was the best I have had ever had :)
2	Not what i expect from New York unless you count the attitudes... Pizzas arent bad but not great either. Sauce tastes like its right out of the can and the pizza i last got seemed a bit old.  Dough tasted a bit like cardboard and looked like it was either left in the box way to long or was reheated. Not the first time i have gotten a pizza from here and was hoping for a better second and third attempt but it never happened. I will be looking else where unless they decide to change a few things.
5	My family and I have been patronizing NY Pizza and Pasta for over 10 years now! We have NEVER been disappointed with any of the food and the service. Living in St George Ut, we don't get down to Vegas often, but when we do, NY Pizza is a must on the list. The pizza has consistantly been the best and the calzones are second to none. Every now and then we will bring friends and family there to feast on the large menu of delicious, freshly prepared large portioned items that never fail to satisfy.Don't hesitate at all to treat yourself, family and friends to an absolutely phenomenal italian experience by a wonderful family making INCREDIBLE food!
4	Love the food and the staff are always nice. The garlic knots are great, the rolls are great and a great price for the amount of food. We have never had an issue with delivery. Never been to NY, but the pizza is thin and good sized slices. The caprese salad is excellent.
4	Really good pizza, excellent staff & an overall great experience.I took the family here for a meal to take back to the hotel & was very glad I did.Even my ultra-picky 2 yr old scarfed this stuff down.It's a no brainer... If you want great pizza &?garlic rolls... This is the spot to hit... We loved it!
5	Just discovered this gem today! And I'm so glad. Awesome lunch specials! Two HUGE slices of pizza and a drink for $6! It's super good thin crust...crispy and chewy just how I like it! Got to check it out.
1	Just wanted my sandwich made again. I ordered no onions with peppercinnis and I got extra onions but like 3 pieces of peppercinnis. I called them and they want to see my sandwhich because the cook states he didnt add onions! Really!! Good thing I ate half. I saved my thrash with the onions and going to give it back and demand my money back. Or a new comolete sandwich. This is rediculous! Why would I lie about onions????
5	Just tried this place for the first time. Delivery was prompt and friendly. Sausage and pepperoni pizza was delicious! Will do this again for sure!!
5	Love love love this place! Great service. Awesome food! It doesn't look like much, but it's worth every penny.
4	Great Pizza, great pasta. My family has eaten here many time and the food quality and service have been consistently top notch. It is a relatively small "hole-in-the-wall" family restaurant and the staff has always been very friendly. Recently, I placed a very large carry-out order on short notice, and everything was perfect and ready at the exact time I requested. I highly recommend.
4	Have enjoyed the pizzas here on periodic visits to the neighborhood. Take out or eat-in, it's a good bet. Solid, thin crust NY style. But on a recent visit, we ate in and tried some other things. The chicken parm is good and HUGE. Plan to share that and you may still end up bringing some home. Crispy, crunchy and hearty with a tasty marinara. Comes with a smal house salad -- crisp head lettuce with tomato and cucumber. It's even a kid-friendly salad, I discovered. The garlic bread that also accompanies the dish was perfectly cooked and crispy. There was maybe a flavor of margarine (?) about it, though, which I didn't love.Can't beat the Garlic Knots. Olive oil, garlic and crunchy spheres of carb goodness. Mmm.The gal who was our server has been there for years, and is very nice. This time, I even met Jimmy, the owner -- a very nice guy who likes to kibbitz with his friends, his customers. It's a nice and homey scene, really.I keep meaning to save room for dessert, but haven't quite learned my lesson !
5	We've ordered their pizza before and they have the best. If you dine in you can watch them toss the dough and cook your pizza right there. Friendly family run business. Today we ordered their pastas for delivery and it was great! The pasta was cooked perfect, ingredients tasted fresh, delivery was sooner then quoted and food was hot. Also got the garlic knots which is a must and their cannoli's delish! Perfect end to our heavy meal. The cannoli's are individual size so if you have to share or want more then just 1 (which u will) order extra :) this place is definitely worth the lil bit of extra $ over the big chain pizza guys (Pizza Hut, dominoes) you get 100x better food and service!
1	I never give restaurants second chances. But I loved the pizza so I gave them THREE. 1st time I ordered they brought me the wrong kind of pizza. 2nd time I ordered salad and a pizza, I only received the salad. 3rd time my order was correct. BUT I work at the Fiat dealership and the delivery man came in and started insulting the cars. I cannot believe how unprofessional this place is. My boyfriend has also ordered before and the woman on the phone wasn't listening to anything he was saying. He had to repeat himself over and over again. So you have to decide if the pizza is worth it, in my opinion it is not.
4	I was scared of ordering online and was not disappointed.  Had a mini pizza and the crust had just the right crisp and sauce. Pizza like I never had before and was not greasy. I also had some dessert but it didn't taste like anything special. I will be ordering here again.
5	Orderd pizza on line got a 16" sausage and extra cheese pizza, came nice and hot, got it in 38 min. Perfect. Loved it !!!
4	Looked at the reviews and they are pretty half and half. But im pregnant and I wanted pasta.. and I wanted it now!! I ordered the chicken susan for delivery. (Chicken, broccoli, fetticini, and cream sauce) Its pretty good. It took exactly 50 mins for it to get here. But my expected time was 60 mins. So its okay. Everything was super wrapped in foil. My tin plate, my cup of marinara sauce, my garlic twists, my garlic bread. Everything!!  Which was greatly appriciated because i saw a review saying they recieved their pasta cold. (Maybe they took note and tried to fix their mistake) Everything was nice and hot!! The sauce needed a little salt but iv always felt that way about every cream sauce iv tried. But OMG the broccoli is perfect!! A little buttery. Not too much. Yummy! The pasta comes with a side salad.. but they forgot mine :( I forgave them because most places you have to pay for a side salad. And they also include a pretty big slice of garlic bread :) yum!! I wasnt even expecting it! I also ordered the garlic twist. Pretty good. But if you like your bread with ranch instead of marinara sauce be sure to let them know. My only complaint about the actual food is.. I wish they grilled the chicken instead of boiled it. Its not bad.. I just think it would taste amazing grilled!! Ill ask next time :) I say just try this place!! And see for yourself. Its all a great price too.
1	I ordered the wings and fries from here recently and they were awful. The chicken was bland, season-less and incredibly dry. They give you a small cup of hot sauce  on the side instead of preparing the wings properly.The only good thing I can say is that the delivery was fast.
5	I still love coming here. Every time we are here, we love it and leave too full! It doesn't look like much, but the service is always friendly, the food so filling and the flavors exploding!
4	I really like this place. I've ordered a few things from here for lunch b/c it's close to where I work. Never disappointed! The tuna wrap was good, pasta (red sauce) so flavorful-so pleased. A must try
3	Lady on phone taking my order so sweet. Delivered on time. Wish the salad had at least cucumbers on it. More veggies not just lettuce 2pieces of tomatoes n a few pieces of red onion. Lasagna really good. Garlic bread chewy. Garlic knots ok. Over all yes I will reorder. Kindness get u a long way in this business however the lasagna was big in portion n really good
5	Love this place.  The pizzas are perfect New York style and when I ask them to cook it a little well done....they actually do.  Garlic knots are crazy good.  The owners and staff are a blast to be around.
5	Mouth watering perfectly made New York Pizza. I was working in Las Vegas when I had the urge for some good old New York Pizza. I goggled for places that advertised the NY Pizza style thin slice. I kept driving and noticed the signage for New York Pizza & Pasta. I pulled into the parking lot, not impressed with the surrounding businesses but did take notice of the parked vehicles; especially the patrol car. Back in Brooklyn, if you noticed patrol cars in the lot of a establishment, this has to be good. So I parked the car and entered the store. A typical NY Pizza establishment, old menu sign appearing out dated, hanging above the ordering counter. The servers were friendly. I ordered a large pizza to go and an Italian beer to drink while I waited. The aroma was killing me. I scanned their menu and my taste buds craved for the rice balls, calzones, pasta dishes, meatballs and sausages. I finished my beer just in time to receive my large cheese pizza. Smiling I gladly received the pizza and headed to my car. However, before leaving I ordered for pick-up tomorrow two large pizza pies and rice balls. I was bring these home to my children who by the way are New Yorkers and know their pizza.I get into my car and place the pizza onto the passenger seat. Before I could back-up the car, I had a slice in my mouth. Mouth watering delicious, I could not stop eating. Yes, it was hot and I burned my palate.This is all part of eating good pizza, you don't wait for it to cool off. By the time I returned back to my hotel, I had eaten the entire pizza pie. Complete satisfaction!The next day I was returning home to California and picked up my order to go. Oh yes, I did have lunch there, Rice Balls.... Delicious! I had an opportunity to meet the family who by the way are from Queens, NY. I reminisced with the owner of the neighborhood and good old days? As I left the home away from home, I thought, of course this is New York Pizza & Pasta! My family could not wait for me to bring them their treats. This is by far the best Rice Balls eaten this side of the Rocky Mountains.I've made several trip to Las Vegas and when given the opportunity I do make the trip to enjoy the Best Mouth Watering New York Pizza & Pasta in town.
5	Jimmy and family are great! And so is the pizza, we were doing a little work on our Veterans home and he was happy to provide lunch for the guys and gals, much appreciated. So being that he is from NY i told him how the fire dept. performs CPR back east "Get the F*** up or you are gonna die. Well that's my east coast firefighters joke. Anyway great pizza, fair price. Semper Fi
4	This is exactly what a New York pizza is supposed to taste like. Just ordered a pepperoni pie for lunch takeout and it was perfect and scrumptious. Definitely going back when I have NYC cravings.
4	This pizza is very good and a reasonable price to boot.  By far the best pizza in the area and we've tried them all.  We will be back!
5	Ordered the works and a meatball sandwich. Bot were tasty and the owners very  ery professional and made great suggestions for food. I will most certainly ly go back when I'm in town again.Keep up the good work
1	Bad service !! Ordered online 45min prior to driving to place and they had no clue about my order and forgot to put it in ! Bad costumer service ! Decided on just canceling order !
2	For the second time my "mini" garlic knots came burnt amd swimming in oil. My pizza arrived cold and late ( 1 hour ).  I don't understand how the garlic knots even made it out the door. Terrible.
1	Ordered a Caesar salad with Caesar dressing and what I got was a salad and two sides of oil. Idk what exactly it was but it was 2 little cups of oil with gunk on the bottom. I called to talk to someone about it and all he said was "sweetie idk what to tell you, you just need to shake it up. Just put it on your salad you'll love it trust me." I did shake it, nothing happened and I put it on the salad anyways and It just gave me an oily tasteless salad. I had to throw it away. I also ordered a side of fries with some ranch did not get any ranch. The guy on the phone said "dont worry ill go in the back and yell at them." Ok, that doesn't fix anything. Fries were mushy, threw them away too. Waste of 16$ Thanks for nothing.
5	I am from back east, Waterbury Connecticut. I really love this place, it makes me a little home sick. The food is wonderful, the people who run this are the friendly, and courteous, and have class. They try to make everyone happy, that's a fact. I have seen the owner himself tell people "no charge", if something was late getting out of the kitchen. If you want that New York style food and  atmosphere, look no farther. I travel to Las Vegas almost every week, and usually wind up here on a Friday night.
3	I don't know about the pasta but the pizza and wings here are certainly legit. Went for the Sicilian style pizza, which is available by the slice. The wings here don't get much praise in other reviews but I was pleasantly surprised with the price/portion received and the meatiness of the actual wings. Props for being able to order online, staff was prompt when I arrived to pick up my order. Location is a little run down and old-school, personally I'd just get take out there rather than dining in.
5	best pizza hands down! the owners and their family are amazing!
