5	Very good!  Had the spinach enchilada and shrimp cerviche,
4	The service was AWESOME!!! The food was great!! Portions were a little too small for me,  but I'll definitely be back!! Hopefully they have an alcohol license now... :-)
5	I have been there twice. No liquor. Today being 11/21/12 I called them and they do have their liquor license. They have 2 kinds of Margaritas, beer and wine.  We are going there for dinner tonight.
5	So glad Yelp helped me find this place - had the chicken enchiladas suizas - very tasty - green sauce was just right - not smothered or over-powered - beans were a little burnt tasting but the rice was great
3	10/2/12...First time here. Nicely decorated little restaurant. Nice patio area also. We were here on Tuesday night. Very quiet. The don't have alcohol license yet. But we were told they should have it soon. Ordered safe for first time. Chicken Enchilada Suiza. And Chicken Chimichanga.  Also Queso Fundido for appetizer.The food was just average. The Fundido was a little greasy. There is no alcohol served at this time.  Not that this is a requirement, but just for informational purposes.  (Please note date of my visit as this may have changed since.)A nice little place for a quick meal. Nothing that I would go out of my way for. Also, they have very nice outdoor garden area. Be interested to see if they actually put this along with the upstairs balcony area to use.
5	This place is great! Great service and the food was amazing. I had the Ranchero Shrimp Tacos. The sauce was delicious. The horchata is the best I've tasted. Definitely will be returning soon.
4	Awesome service, tasty food, strong margaritas, what more could you ask for?  We had the chicken quesadilla to start, and I had the chicken tortilla soup.  I did have to add salt to the soup and also threw in some salsa to kick it up a notch on the spice factor, but overall 2 thumbs up.  We'll likely be back.
2	If you're looking for authentic mexican - this is NOT the place for you.  If you are looking for a Tex Mex BBQ joint masking as a Fine Mexican restuarant this IS the place for you.  We tried the shredded beef tacos and shredded pork burro.  The tacos were good - not as good as Los Dos Molinos or Guedo's though.  The burro had so much BBQ sauce I could only eat about 1/3 before I gave up.  The rice was delicious and the refried beans were ok - a little too much BBQ sauce again.  The chips and salsa were good.  Drinks were a little expensive - $4.25 for Dos Equis.  Service was almost too effecient.  It seemed they wanted us out of there quickly - never asked if we wanted another drink and kept coming back to clear plates.  Very nice service staff, simple atmosphere, nice patio,  prices a little too high.  Not authentic enough for me to return.
5	Good food,  good service,  good music,  good experience
5	We like Casa de Mina so much we're tempted to keep it to ourselves, but that would be selfish.  We eat there at least once a week and each time we try a new dish we're blown away. The enchiladas suizas, chicken quesadillla and sopa are all the best we've ever tasted. They have had a liquor licence for several months now, and make a good margarita. We enjoy the atmosphere - casual but nice, with linen table cloths and serviettes. And the service is superlative - friendly, well-trained staff who remember returning customers, and work as a team, attending to your needs whether or not they're assigned to your table. Tony and Pablo particularly stand out for their warm welcome, expert service and knowledgeable menu suggestions.
5	Casa De Mina. The old El Rico's building.  I came for lunch. Decor was warm and inviting. Staff was friendly. I ordered a cheese enchilada with red sauce from the lunch menu. The service was quick and the enchilada was EXCELLENT.  I also got a Margarita. YUM. I will be back. SECRET MENU order a Carne Asada Chimichanga with red sauce. Old El Rico's patrons; you are missing out if you haven't visited.
2	Red salsa had a nice flavor but zero spice. Green salsa was a bit bland. Asked for the hot salsa, which is definitely spicy, but not a lot of flavor. Meals were average. (1) The bolillo (bread for the torta) was a tad try and just not up to par and that spoiled the torta. (2) The chile rellenos were good but the red sauce a bit bland. (3) The taco salad was very good and the chicken inside was great but it was way too small and person left quite hungry after. (4) The spinach enchiladas were bland and lacked flavor. Service was erratic. Tortilla chips were brought quickly but we had to ask for salsa  five minutes later because it had yet to come. Then we had to ask for napkins and silverware. Only the silverware came and we again had to ask for napkins. Not going back too soon. Other family members have had a good experience so we'll eventually try it again. There was a very large party there on the night we dined but no excuses allowed.
5	I liked this place a lot. I had fun eating outside on the patio. Red and green salsa taste great - but are not hot. I'm a wuss, so this worked out well - the flavors are great on both of them. They make both of them in house as well.Really, get here. They need more business so they can grow into something even better than they are now!
4	Went here on a whim with my husband. We were going to the Deli on San Tan Blvd but they were closed because the owners were on vacation. Pleasantly surprised! Food was delicious, cooked well and ambiance was great. Cute little spot out in the middle of nowhere! Really enjoyed our chicken/beef enchiladas and chimichanga with two margaritas. Will definitely return, servers were great and food/drink was reasonably priced. The only things that were a little off were that a little spider that we saw on our tablecloth and there were cobwebs in the door frame where we were sitting.
2	I hate to leave a two star review for this restaurant, but I believe in being honest.  First a couple of positives:--The atmosphere is great.  Really nice decoration and ambiance; a pleasant place to sit and enjoy a meal.--Wait staff was very attentive.So why the two stars?  The food was simply not Mexican.  Not to say it was bad (well, it wasn't great either), but it was most definitely not the Mexican cuisine of which my wife and I are so fond.  We just moved down from Seattle, WA where I have had much better Mexican.  Being so close to the border, I expected more from our first Mexican food experience here in Arizona.I think what should have tipped me off is that I didn't see a single Hispanic person on the staff.  So, really, this is more like a white-person's take on Mexican-inspired cuisine.  Maybe it could be re-classified as "Vaguely-Mexican Food".I WILL go back though and will update this review if anything changes.
2	Well where to start this is the 4th time I've been to this restaurant and each time something new (and worse) is experienced.  We were the 1st table to be seated at 6:15 PM on a weekday "so that tells a story".  The food is usually pretty good (very bland) for mex taste though.  The salsa is super mild (like diced tomatoes) but I guess that's better than choking hot.They serve in a condiment size bowl (we had 4 at our table) and had to ask at least 6 times for refills.  Chips very hard but ok, served in a wicker basket also very small (we had to have refills at least 4 times), oh !! did I mention we also had to ask for refillls.The 2 waiters never did anything refills, clean off dirty dishes or ask if wanted more coke refills at any time. " we had to ask for them". BAD especially when it wasn't busy AT ALL !!  We asked for sour cream (1 dollup) which cost $1 (wow can you spare it).  The cheese crisp was cool not hot and definitely not crispy..Just like we got melted cheese no tortilla base at all !!.Unfortuntaley, we would like to recommend (nice decor and food itself wasdecent but the service NOT) the far SE Valley needs this type of clean and decor for mexican dining.  To many fast food type going up all the time.But, we all know unless they spiff up the service they will always have a empty dining room.UNHAPPY IN GILBERT RESIDENT
4	I joined Yelp just to write a review of this place. My wife and I visited for the first time a few months ago and have been back several times since. I'm not a big fan of the usual Mexican fare that comes standard at most places; enchiladas, flautas, chile rellano, not my cup of tea. While Casa de Mina does have similar items on their menu, they also have refreshingly different choices. The salmon with mango salsa is outstanding, and the seafood tacos are unbelievable.
4	Well I drove from Ahwatukee to QC to check this place out with a local San Tan Friend. It's really out there (distance wise) but well worth the drive. Good pour on the house margaritas and good drink as well. The food was presented well, hot and delicious. I most likely would have given it a 5 star but I have to say even though it was overcast that day they need to turn the AC up a bit....I was glowing (and not from pleasure of the food) throughout the meal - Wouldn't want to experience it on a full sun / hot day for sure unless then they aren't so frugal with the A/C.....phew!Oh, the salmon and mango tacos rocked ! Good "chips" too....with the salsa...
4	Three and a half stars but Yelp doesn't allow halfs. We used to come here when it was El Rico's and were bummed when it closed. We've been jonesing for a new local place. The service was good and attentive.My margarita was pretty strong and tasty. The salsa they put on the table is extremely mild but if you ask for hot they bring out a salsa verde that doesn't mess around! I'm not a wimp when it comes to spice but I mixed it with the red. I got the carne asade and enjoyed it. The meat was a little on the salty side on its own but good with all the accompaniments. My dining partner ordered the chicken chimi and said it was good but nowhere near as good as Jim's Burros on Ocatillo. Atmosphere is good except we didn't like the Mexican elevator music. All tables have tablecloths, which I associate with more formal establishments. That's not a complaint, just an observation.We'll definitely go back and try other things. Outdoor dining will be nice once it cools down.
1	We called ahead of time, but they refused to take our order over the phone (we were a large group in a hurry). Our waitress insisted she could get us in and out quickly, but didn't. Service was slow and the waitress was anything but friendly. At the end she even got upset with our big group when we asked for separate checks... will not go again!
3	The hostess are very helpful and friendly. The servers are hit or miss. The nachos are great! The salads are fresh and have great presentation. The ambience is nice but wish they would enhance their drink menu. The margaritas are not very good. This place has a lot of potential!
2	I really wanted to be blown away by this place.  Although it is better than the previous restaurant in this location, El Rico, it fell w-a-y short of my expectations.  Many of the other reviewers gave such high ratings that I literally drove the mile and a half down the road with my mouth watering.  We arrived and sat inside and downstairs.  The ambiance was not so great. We heard everyone else's conversations and the chandelier lighting was sharp bright and made my pupils itch.  Then the salsa arrived.  Hmm... sweet instead of heat.  I didn't like how the salsa was served really cold either. Then I ordered the carne burro.  It was OK.  But the enchilada sauce was nasty. Oh, and the rice and beans were "turable!" (as Charles Barkley would say).  Lastly, my girl had awful gas after we got home and kept denying it.  Not a great outing.
4	2 transplants and 4 Midwesterners had a delightful lunch today. Seafood enchilada's were wonderful, pork & chicken quesadilla's with meat and cheese aplenty.   Pork, beef & cheese enchiladas were very good and the refried beans & rice were very good as well.
4	First time trying this place and will come back. The atmosphere is great and the staff is very friendly. The lunch portions are great size and accompanied with delicious chips and salsa. If you want the hotter salsa you have ask for it. I ordered the Spinach Enchilada were good if you love leafy spinach. Did not care for all the ends with the enchilada.
3	Hit and Miss.  I was here once and it was really really good.  For my 2nd trip I brought family here from out of town and everything was dissapointing.  We made reservations, they were not busy, but when we arrived they had to put tables together and ended up seating us a solid 10 minutes late.  I ran into a friend in the lobby who said he was waiting for a half hour for a take out burrito! Then they forgot to assign us a waiter, when one noticed later he scrambled to get our orders.  The service problems continued, but I think this waiter was trying his best, it just may have been a little too little too late to bring our moods back up.  The food was not great this night, pollo asada and carne asada overcooked, the rest of the food was underwhelming.  I will give them another shot, but my impression is that they were really disorganized.   The old restaurant that was in this location was good but seemed to have the same problem.  Someone needs to put an experienced manager in here who can make the food consistent and the service good, and this place could be great.
4	Great Margaritas! Authentic Mexican food! Salsa not super Spicy, but you can ask for the hot salsa and you will not be dissapointed!! My favorite are the seafood enchiladas, and the shrimp tacos. great staff...beautiful camino real hacienda.
3	It was our first time coming in and we though the food was alright. It was cold when it came out, but if it was warmer it would of been amazing. Also the service was horrible. But it may only be because it has recently opened.
5	Absolutely Amazing! From the service ( Leana rocks) to the salsa (green salsa!!) To the amazing meals. 5 stars across the board. Very cozy ambiance, great patio and pretty solid drinks. Not overly priced for what you get , my only complaint was the chimi was more tortilla than filling but still fantastic. Highly, highly recommended!
5	Picked the salmon dinner tonight and it was one of the best I have had. It had a mango sauce that complimented the salmon  perfectly.  Will come back again.
5	This is one of the finest Mexican restaurants we have ever eaten in.We gotOff the flight from one of those lousy united airline flights from Chicago ,Starving and dying of thirst to end up at casa De Mina being served byA top notch Waiter and being personally greeted by one of the ownersChristian who remembered us from six months ago. We had a nachoPlatter with chicken and beef, the finest salsa we have ever eaten, andOne of the most amazing margaritas. The seafood enchilada and SalmonTacos were better than any Mexican fare we get in Chicago.   This placeRocks,,,.,,..
5	Everything was pretty good and the menu had a few different takes on Mexican food that I've never seen before. They serve a sweet salsa and a regular, but the food is still pretty good! The sopapillas were pretty damn good for desert! Margaritas were great too! It was not like a regular chain so I would definitely recommend it if you're in the area!
2	The service really was the killer here.  We got seated right away but didn't see our waiter for a long time.  When he finally showed up he apologized but made no improvement on it.  You know its bad when we got to know the bus boy's first name.  The food was decent, though I am not a fan of sweet salsa (green), the Pollo Asada was good, I especially enjoyed the chargrilled peppers with it.  We may try it again just in case but not anytime soon.
5	I've had the Salmon with mango salsa twice now.  Each meal was excellent, the salmon was cooked perfectly.  I look forward to returning.
4	2nd time here. Place was busy, service was good, food great as always, seafood enchiladas are the bomb.I also recommend the beef nachos, big portion.Strong Margaritas
5	Great place and the best food I ever tasted and the service is the best , I feel like home in casa de Mina. I would rate it 10 stars . Is a must GO !!
4	I've been here a few times and let me tell you it's been a great experience in every visit, one of my two favorite appetizers is the nachos with carne Asada and the chorizo with queso, I could just keep coming back for these two,along with a beer at their newly added bar which by the way the variety it's pretty awesome, they have all kinds of tequilas you just wanna try them all haha! I'm sure they won't have a problem with that!,they also have a patio with a mister system which I haven't personally been into just yet because I've been there during the winter but that's the one feature I'm looking forward to go to during the summer; over all I thing it's a great place  to go and enjoy a nice meal with familly or friends, I will definitely come back!!
3	The place has a great feel to it. I had the carne asada and it was OK.
5	I am not a mexican food fan, it seems like everything tastes the same at most palaces. Not at Casa De Mina... this place is the best! You can tell everything is home made. The ingredients were fresh and top notch. Well run, very clean, everything we ate was outstanding. I had the seafood enchiladas. They were fabulous. The shrimp (and there were plenty in there) were fresh, and flavorful. I would give it 6 stars if that rating was available.
1	This place doesn't even deserve one star. My boyfriend and I went there on Cinco de Mayo and we had reservations for 8pm. When we got there they weren't busy but there was a group of 5 that had been waiting for almost two hours for a table. We sat ourselves, had to go ask for menus, had to ask for chips and salsa, and had to ask for our server to come take our order. My boyfriend got food poisoning that night. For being such a fun location and environment, the service and food sucked.
1	Me and my wife have been here 2 or 3 times and I've never been that into posting a negative yelp review but man o man does this place deserve one. This place is terrible flat out. The food is so inconsistent that you can order the same thing over and over again and it'll taste different every time. The price isn't even the problem but charging as much as they do for sub par food that's just a rip off. And make sure you have plenty of time because you won't be getting your food or refills anytime soon.I brought my mom here for mother's day and it took them 1 hour to get us guacamole and some coconut shrimp which were so rubbery I could have probably used them for tires. Our server didn't care, he didn't come check up on us, and I think we got probably 1 refill on our drinks in the hour we waited. We had to ask every time for refills on chips and salsa and track down the bus boys and anyone that worked there pretty much to give us some service. After an hour and some minutes me and my family left. I tried to pay for what we ordered but the servers said it was on the house. What a gesture, for a complete waste of time. I tried paying 3 times because I didn't want them to give me anything for free. Pay what you owe, that's what I say. The price is high but if this place had better service it would be fine.
3	This is hard to rate because I have been here a few times and the food is always excellent. However, I went for Mother's Day, and the service was so terrible it will make me hesitate to return despite the fact that the food is great. I made a reservation for a large party in the middle of the week. No problem. I was excited because I had out of town family coming in and was raving about the place. Plus it was Mother's Day, and I was excited to relax and not have to cook and clean my kitchen. When we arrived, they had no record of our reservation, but they sat us immediately, which I thought was kind of them. After that, it was downhill. We had to keep flagging other people down to get refills on our drinks, and we waited over an hour for our food. One of our party is a diabetic, and he was getting rather nervous because everything was taking so long. We also had small children who were holding up super well, but were super hungry. In the meantime, there was no apology from our waitress nor was there any checking in from her. We had to flag her down to ask what was going on. When our food finally came, one of the entrees was wrong. We asked our server to correct it, but it NEVER came. When it came time to pay, we asked for a break since we had a bad experience. They only took the bad entree off, and we had to talk to the manager to explain our situation. He gave us another discount. Then it took FOREVER to try and pay. I ended up having to give our bill to the hostess to close it out for us. We were extremely disappointed. We have loved coming here in the past and recommend it to our families and friends, but now we are not so sure. I have worked in food service for 15 years, so I know what it can be like on holidays, and I am always willing to cut servers slack because I know how it can be. But this was unacceptable. Perhaps our server was new, but if she was, then she should not have been working on a holiday. The restaurant has been in business long enough to know how to handle a holiday, and to know what basic customer service is.
4	This was our second time at Casa de Mina...we couldn't remember how it was the first time (it had been a few years), so we decided to give it a second try.The chips and salsa were brought out almost immediately; they were good chips, a little salty but the red salsa was amazing. The green salsa was OK, but a little too sweet. After our first basket, a waiter saw that we were running low and brought us another without having to ask.I ordered some sort of Mexican slider (carne asada, queso sauce, a slice of green chile on a nicely toasted bun) which came with three little sandwiches. These were great, although I did add some of the red salsa to them. The chips on the side were kind of burnt and soggy at the same time, but I didn't need them with the tortilla chips on the table.My wife ordered the taquitos and said they were alright. Beans and rice were OK as well.Overall we were satisfied with the dinner and would go back again (Don't bring your newly washed car as there is a dirt parking lot).
5	We planned a party here for my husband and good friend. The manager was friendly, professional, and helpful. The ambience was lovely. Our server kept up with our party of 14 drinks beautifully. The food was delicious. I would recommend a trip to this restaurant when you want a lovely night out for good food, good drinks and good company, because that's what you'll get here.Thanks Christian for all you did to make our night memorable.
4	A little pricey for the amount of food.  Good Salsa.  Pass on the Sopapillas, they are not authentic.
2	Main Points:-Beautiful venue and that's where the pros end-Better values to be had at any other Mexican restaurant-Slow service Review:I really wanted to like this place because it is a beautiful restaurant, and it's parking lot is always full so I was led to believe it was awesome food.  However, after trying it multiple times (fooled again!) I have to say I won't be back.Their food has no pizzazz and their salsa is nothing to write home about.  Considering they are in the two dollar sign price range ($$), I would expect much better food than what they offer.  One of the times we went, there weren't too many customers there (but they were fully staffed) and we spent almost 2 hours there because service was so slow, even though we ordered a total of two dishes for two of us. There was a bigger group of about 8 outside who already had their food, and their kids were running in and out of the restaurant screaming at the top of their lungs past everyone's' table and none of the staff said a word to them (and their parents didn't care either).  I would say considering they're in Arizona they should step up their game when it comes to Mexican food but obviously there are enough people eating there already, so I guess they don't need my advice.  Since it's so popular with others, maybe it's worth a try, just don't go with high hopes.
1	Horrible service!  I took my family here on a Friday night and we were seated right away.  We were brought chips and salsa within a few minutes, salsa was not good.  After about 10 minutes the waiter took our drink and appetizer order.  Another 10 minutes went by after we went through one basket of chips and a server brought us another.  We asked about our drinks, and they came along a few minutes later.  I am ok with the wait so far, just wished the salsas were better.  We waited another 30 to 40 minutes and we asked about our food and they said we were next.  We still did not get our appetizer, so I told the waiter to cancel it and we will just have our main dishes.  My wife had enough after seeing other guest receive their food already, when we had already been there long before them.  We told the waiter just to cancel our orders and we will just pay for our drinks and be on our way.  He begged us to stay and said they were making it now, so we waited.  Not even five minutes later, our food arrived, including our appetizer that we cancelled.  We ended up taking it home in doggy bags, because it was late, been there almost 11/2 hours.  The waiter apologized and took 50% off our main dishes, but still charged us full price for the appetizer we told him to cancel.  Food wasn't that great either for the price.Also, my wife asked the waiter what he would suggest on the menu and that she liked spicy.  His response was said exactly "nothing on our menu is spicy".  I wouldn't take my family back there again, better mexican restaurants in the area for less.
3	Service - No attention to customer needs, very slow service 3of5. ###Ambience - Neat N clean nothing extraordinary 4of5. ###Food chips & salsa was okay not so good 3of5. ### ordered enchilada style burrito was good 3.5of5 ### value - considering taste, food quantity, ambience and service 3.5of5.
5	Great service and excellent food. Little hidden gem in QC.
5	We found this place by accident while in the area house hunting. I had the shredded beef burrito enchilada style and my husband had their "specialty" the carne asada chimi. Both were flavorful and served hot. The service was great! I would return as well as recommend this place to anyone in the area!
5	The atmosphere was great. That is strange way to start a review but I really did enjoy how the restaurant felt. It's a little far off from other restaurants and it's definitely not in the center of town. That being said the food was great, the staff was friendly, and the atmosphere was inviting. We didn't have a single complaint. I wish there were small pleasant restaurants like this around.
4	I visited this restaurant a few weeks ago w a girlfriend for lunch and we both really enjoyed our meal.  The waiter was super sweet and the food was very tasty.  I returned last night with my family and again we all had a really nice experience.  If you are looking for tasty  Mexican food check out this place
4	Aesthetically this is the most beautiful Mexican food restaurant I've ever been to. It is very quaint on the inside. It is definitely a good date restaurant. The server was very friendly. The chips and salsa were pretty good. I got the shredded beef burrito. Most Mexican food restaurants don't do shredded beef right. Most of the time it is overcooked and dry. Their shredded beef was not as dry but still seemed a bit overcooked. The food presentation was nice. The beans were good. The rice was okay. The portions were pretty normal. The dessert was amazing. They have sopapillas and churros. If someone asked me about going to this restaurant I would recommend giving it a shot.
5	The Hot salsa is amazing!  Make sure you have a delicious margarita ready to wash it down.  And we love the carne asada.  We will be back soon!
5	My husband and I love Casa Mina and think it's truly special! The Enchilada Suizas is on my obsessed list. I get this dish with red sauce instead of the green sauce and I've had it 10-15 times. Consistent quality and my favorite Mexican craving, hands down!  My husband gets the carne asada and it is deliciously seasoned and I always get a few bites!! Casa de Mina, keep up the quality ingredients and passion for perfect recipes!!!!! We love your hidden gem and will be back soon!
4	Highly recommend this place. I have told many of my co-workers about this place because it's so good. The Mexican food is great with amazing ambiance and a gorgeous building. The service was a bit slow and inattentive but we went fairly late so there is that. If you go, you must try the Sopapillas! They are to die for! Great for a date night place too!
4	The food was really good along with the service but the prices were much too High. I loved how the place gives you such a comfortable feeling though. The chips and salsa were DELICIOUS.
5	Great food. We've been looking for a good mexican food place and have finally found it. Good atmosphere, good prices and the food was great. Couldn't get enough of their chips and salsa!
5	Was there twice with my family during Xmas  Holidays. Both times we were very pleased. Food was good, margaritas great, prices very reasonable (specially the lunch menu by 2pm) but in particular the service was excellent. Owners are very friendly and courteous. I'm glad there is a good Mexican restaurant in the Queen Creek/Gilbert/San Tan area. Looking forward to go back for a meal.
