5	I am not a professional gardener and I don't have a green thumb. I gave fallen out of planter boxes, seriously hurt myself, been carted off in an ambulance and have no idea why I continue to dig the dirt in my front and back yards...but I do. Its an addiction of mine and if you can recommend 'help' I would appreciate it, but until then, I have a fully charged cell phone, 911 and Baker Nursery.I really don't want to drive very far to get my planting needs, yet I have driven even farther and gone to great lengths to try to replace my relationship with Baker Nursery and I always come back - simply, they have the best plants in the city, the plants and shrubs are priced fairly, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable and they don't mind my questions.
5	Baker Nursery is a Phoenix institution.  The original Mr. Baker is now 86 years old (as of 2008), and still lives on the premises, although his daughters and the other employees do most of the work.  It's frequently a busy place, but they always have time for a chat and whatever friendly gardening advice you may need.   The selection of roses especially (during the proper planting time in the spring) is first class.  The prices are somewhat higher than the big-box stores, but because the plants are well cared-for they are more likely to survive, and you can feel proud to be supporting a real honest-to-goodness family business that has been decades in the making.
5	We decided to spruce up the yard this weekend, since it was cool outside and the recent rain had made the ground softer than normal. Based on D.D.'s great review, we drove to Baker Nursery this morning. The place is HUGE, but almost all of it is cool and shady, so walking around and looking at all they had would be pleasant, even on a "normal" Phoenix summer day. They have all manner of indoor plants, outdoor plants and shrubs, trees, pottery, and a greenhouse.We don't frequent nurseries, but the prices seemed really reasonable and the plants all looked healthy. We ended up with 4 plants for the outside and 1 for Hubby's desk at work. The staff was easy-going, friendly and knowledgeable. The main person we talked to even pointed out a couple of hummingbirds' nests as we passed by them just because they were cool. If I decide to be ambitious this summer and do some more planting (in the wee hours of the AM of course) I'll return to Baker.
5	Bakers Nursery is hands down one of the best in the valley. Don Baker has been overseeing this operation for over 40 years. He is a major supporter of the local Master Gardener program, which is committed to educating the community on native plants of the sonoran desert or plants that will do well in this climate without being excessively needed.The plants at this nursery are all either locally grown (which means that they won't immediately shrink back in to the earth when you replant them at home) or are grown in a climate that is similar. For anyone that has invested in plants, this is HUGE. Sure I love looking at the beauties at Home Depot, but unless you know what you are getting, they just wont make it in our oven of a climate here in the valley of the sun.The staff is friendly and super knowledgable. If you have an idea of something that you would like (i.e.: I want something that flowers yellow from June through the frost season and will survive Southern exposure), they can lead you to the perfect plant. If you want some unique yard art, they have it. If you need to know why your bogenvilla has little black spots on the leaves, take a sample in and they will educate you on how to make it better. If you want something that they don't carry, ask and they will get it for you. I could go on and on with examples of incredible customer service. This place is simply the nirvana of gardening in Phoenix.Another incredible service they offer is their website. They have a calender which is frequently updated. It will tell you everything from when to feed your citrus trees to the proper way to prune your rose bushes. The FAQ section will tell you how to get the white stuff off your clay pots, has a plethora of xeriscape resources for those of you looking to be more water conscious, and will help you with controlling pests in your garden. It's a great resource, and since it's local, the answers actually make sense for those of us that live here. Best of all... it's all FREE!!!http://www.bakernurseryaz.com/If you are looking to spruce up your yard, do yourself a favor and head over to Bakers Nursery. Your plants will thank you!  ; )
5	If you're new to the Valley and have absolutely no idea what grows here, come to Baker's.If you've lived a long time here, know what doesn't shrivel to a dead dry crisp as soon as the thermometer hits 100 and are looking for plants and shrubs and trees, come to Baker's. If you're just really, really into flora, come to Baker's. Sometimes, hubby and I just drive over to spend a couple hours nosing around all the great stuff here--like roses, garden ornaments [not just plants], herbs, and lots of useful advice. All the folks who work here know their stuff and have probably been working here since they were kids themselves. We've even purchased an apple tree that thrives in Phoenix and produces little apples from Baker's!!So green up your thumb and get yer yard stuff here.
4	I have been looking for a nursery (of the plant variety only thank god) since I moved here and I don't know how I missed these reviews. Baker's is so close and so charming! It actually feels like a garden in and of itself, is arranged very neatly as well. I took some time to stroll along the paths, wishing I had more than just a northeast facing patio on which to house plants. I had read about the super helpful staff and I did speak to someone who helped me and gave me new ideas on what to do with my relatively shady space. I have to say though, that I was wandering alone for a long while without being approached by any employees and they don't seem to have Bakers t-shirts, nametags or aprons or anything to help identify them. I am going to start building my garden slowly and I'm thrilled to have such a great place to go to and hopefully I will be able to get some more help to keep my leafy babies thriving. I noticed that on March 14 there is going to be a Q&A session with their gardening staff so I will make a point to be there!
4	Baker's is a great neighborhood nursery!  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  They sell quality plants and other garden products.  Last time I was in was to pick up some fertilizer to feed my trees at my new home.  I've never been through this process before and was a bit intimidated.  But the staff pointed me in the right direction and educated me about application, so I'm well on my way to yummy figs, oranges, lemons and pecans next year.  You could go to Home Depot or Lowe's but you won't get the same kind of expert service you will get at Bakers.  Support your local businesses!
4	Baker is my first go-to place when I'm looking to add to my gardens. Tons of natives, cacti, herbs and etc fill their property & I can always find what I need. They also have experts and some special shows on occasion which are very interesting to see.
5	kids, i thought it, about timeto tell, a little, nursery rhymenot about, that candle makernor the butcher, but 'bout BakerNursery, down on, fortieth streetthe lucky ones, that got to meetfounder, master,  gardener Jim        just passed, now daughters, run for him      no differently, than '68flower power, watergatewar and peace, Jim bought the landwhere, to this day, his nursery standsworked it  with, his wife,  six daughtersdeclined, fat, developer offerschose to peddle, plants, insteadto fill, arcadia, flower bedsand veggie gardens, his seeds we've sewnsold trees, who's roots, have caught and grownnow shading, front lawns, 'cross this townthe monsoon blows, a branch comes downbut still, the trees, are standing stronglike Baker did, four decades,  longwe've bought from Baker, twenty yearsand watched, the 'old way', disappearin a town, where progress rulesscrape, then stucco, buyers drooledat grabbing, their piece, of the dreambut Jim stood pat, while builders steamedand coveted, ten acres, primenope, not selling, keep your dimes and dollars, still, Baker remainsBaker's, green acres, looks the same helpful staff, laid back pacepart of the charm, neighborhood place     phoenix oasis, sittin' tight   so go buy local, you just mightdiscover that, your thumb is green"plant your roses", remind to "feedcitrus now", drawn on, frost cloththe old sign weathers, paint peels offstill planted, firmly, in the ground  Target, Home Depot, circle 'round'garden departments", therein's, the rubthey wouldn't know, a ladybugfrom an earth room, Jim Baker didgave rocks and flowers, to my kidsand taught them both, a thing or twobout insects, plants and taught me, to "do what you love" , his legacygodspeed, thanks for, your nurseryJim Baker passed Aug 31, 2009.  He was 86.
5	Love Baker's Nursery!  I bought some rosebushes from them last year, and they are doing really well.  I just went there yesterday for a free talk on the care and pruning of roses.  They had gift certificates taped under some chairs, and I won a free 5 gallon rosebush!  The staff is very knowledgeable, and their selection of plants is excellent!  So much better than Lowe's or Home Depot.
5	I have found the Garden of Eden , a place so wonderful that it inspires dreams, hopes and desires. When driving to Baker I began being fearful that once more I would be let down by a garden shop. So many times I have opened my heart to others but they have let me down. Some are out of state, some are too commercial and some really are about big business . But Baker isn't like that . From the time I pulled up I felt at home and loved.. the  old signage  giving me the vintage vibe, nice. Lots of space  and stuff to look at , a Potpourri of Pottage even. The variety of herbs and veggies alone were enough to make my heart purr. The  plants  were lined up neatly  in rows that screamed  we are cared for but not over watered and ignored.We are plants that won't get home and die from some  a mystery interloper who we brought into your garden . The grounds , employees , plants and set up all seem to express : We Too Love Gardens just Like You!I was so pleased to find my new partner in living green  , oh happy day .
4	There are certain neighborhood staples that exist in any area. Baker's is that kind of place. I have been going to their nursery for more than a decade. When I drive by, they do a good job reminding me to "FEED CITRUS NOW". I need that kind of thunk on my head. We also went to them to make our wedding gift take aways. We asked our guests to plant a tree to mark our special occasion and to help us make roots. Our guests have told us how those tiny little trees have really grown in a decade. Bakers had surprised us by nicely wrapping them up. From then on I was a believer. There are bigger, national sources but you cannot beat a sweet little place in your area, who knows your plants and the needs we have unique to Phoenix. Go take a stroll around, you'll find everything you need.
5	We went to Baker nursery on Sunday...I had a lot of questions and we needed quite a few things for the yard. I was very impressed! A very friendly and super knowledgeable lady named Bonnie helped us. She was patient and explained things and answered my million questions! She was honest and made suggestions to help me save some $ while still getting the look i wanted - this was muy bueno!!We left about 30 min later with all of my questions answered and lots of supplies.Thanks Bonnie & we will def be going back to Baker Nursery!!
5	Best nursery in town hands down.  Very friendly staff and extremely knowledgeable that will spend plenty of time with you to make sure you get what you need.  You won't regret doing business here.
5	Great nursery. Friendly staff. I was in the market for roses, but the gentleman who worked there said that now is probably not the time to be shopping for them. He told me they get their roses in December and by mid January they should have a complete selection of them available. They get about 5500 plants each year and only 40 or so are not sold. Isn't that amazing? All these rose plants all over the city. What a nice picture in my head. haha...Anyway, they are selling the herbs and tomatoes there right now. Their website does provide some good info. Oh and according to their sign up front near the entrance: FEED YOUR CITRUS NOW!
5	Best variety of fruit / pit / exotic trees, with (hopefully) appropriate chill hours for our region.
5	They have all their roses in now. We got the Cecille Brunner Climbing Rose bush and the Jean La Joie. They look healthy and are already starting to leaf out. Can't wait to see the show of roses in a year. They have a huge selection available right now but are selling out like crazy. So go fast if you want roses for your garden. Ideal time to get them in the ground is now.
5	the best nursery i've been to in phoenix, and also a scenic place to visit (for phoenix). i lived in CA for a while and got spoiled by the overflow of nurseries and all of the varieties of seedlings, native plants, and (organic) seeds i could find in that state, specifically for vegetable gardening, but baker at least covers the basics and sometimes goes beyond. the staff is quite knowledgable. the seedlings and mature plants i have bought here usually seem to be much more hardy and less disease prone than the ones i impulse buy (against my better judgement) at the home depot down the street.
5	I like veggies but I don't like buying them. Following this simplistic logic trail I decided to plant a garden. Since I don't know a damn thing about gardening I sought out some professional help. To the Baker Nursery! I could easily spend an entire day wandering through the nursery. The place is huge, with an amazing assortment of indoor and outdoor plants, flowers, trees and veggies.  The quality of everything was great, everything was healthy and well tended.The vegetable selection is fairly extensive and very reasonably priced. In no time at all I had the beginnings of a nice little garden picked out. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, answering the questions that I had. The garden is really coming along, I picked my very first strawberry yesterday. Thank you Baker Nursery!
5	Big variety! They even have creosote bushes. If you have lived in Phoenix and had the privilege of knowing what it smells like after a good rain in the desert, you will appreciate this. The smell that is so unique to Phoenix rain is from the creosote bushes. It's incredible. I love it. I love it. I love the smell so much that I bought 2 bushes and have planted them at my home... Eagerly awaiting the next rain. The staff at Baker's are great. Very helpful and pleasant. You get the feeling that the employees love working there. GIFTS! They have pots, vases, lawn decorations, and of course plants. I recommend supporting our local nursery (and not the Big Orange box down the street from them) and giving the gift of life (I know cheesey, but plants are living!) for birthdays, Christmas, Kwanzaa, Easter, etc.
5	I've recently started a garden using pots in my apartment patio. Trips to Home Depot and Lowes leaved me wanting more. They had all the basics, but I wanted something more exotic like a grapevine. Oddly enough, another customer at Home Depot recommended Baker Nursery. Home Depot and Lowes has just lost a customer.The selection is crazy. They have everything you could want at relatively decent prices. There seems to be plenty of knowledgeable employees, but they're always busy with other customers. I didn't have a problem with that because it gave me a chance to tour the grounds. The one question I did have was answered by the woman at the check out counter. She pointed me in the direction of the grapevines and gave me tips on care for them.Baker Nursery is now my place to go for all my gardening needs.
5	I love Baker Nursery! Their selection of plants is superb and the plants always look fresh. The staff is always very nice and helpful. And I love the atmosphere...sounds weird for a nursery, but it is very homey. It is as if you are walking into somebody's back yard...which is almost true. I believe that the house next door is the owner's property.I remember my mother bringing me here as a child - I always had so much fun there. She brought me here because she also used to go there as a child! Baker's has been around for so long and is a wonderful family business. You should go check it out!
5	love bakers. super friendly and knowledge staff. great selection of plants and trees... always a relaxing trip to this nursery!
4	Helpful staff, good selection and healthy plants. My second favorite nursery and one that I frequent often.
5	i love this place. i went on monday to buy a chile tepin plant. it was healthy, and the help is always great.
5	Love Love LOVE Baker's Nursery!!  Been going there since I was a child thanks to my grandparents (my grandad and uncle used to do roofing work for the owners decades ago). Seriously...this place is FANTASTIC and the people who work there are AWESOME!  Want to know what plants/trees you have in your yard?  Bring in a leaf or bark sample and they'll tell you.  Found out we have Chinaberry trees(messy!), Lantana (evil and will not die!), 2 Trumpet vines (attracts hummingbirds!) and a Texas Sage bush (beautiful purple flowering bush) in our yard. Want to know what type of tree would do well in your yard?  Just ask!  Need something transplanted?  Buy the pots and they'll replant your plants for you.  Buy a sad looking clearance plant from another local store, they'll tell you how to nurse it back to health.  I could easily wander around Bakers for hours, except during the heat of the day in the summertime!  :)
5	Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. Bought a lime tree and they have helped me keep it alive by answering my questions over the phone months after I bought it there!
2	Have purchased trees here,tagged them,only to have them sold out from under me later.  Won't go there again, no matter how good the staff is. Miss the old owners. Kids don't count.
5	What a find!  A gardeners paradise!  A friend turned me on to Bakers and I was thrilled when I went.  A hidden gem in a neighborhood setting - so much better quality than the big box nurseries at a Home Depot or Lowes.  Gardners - go to Bakers - you will be so happy!  I promise!
5	Excellent selection, super friendly staff, and totally reasonable prices.  Staff helped me choose a plant to give as a gift, pot, and potted it for me.  Really, I don't know what else you could ask for.  Plus, doesn't it just feel better to shop local??
5	Love Bakers. I live in Glendale an it is worth the drive to go see them. They know their stuff and am always pleased with my purchases.
5	Bakers is the best from plants to those concrete gnomey kind of things that can inhabit your lawn and garden.  I have been going to Bakers for about 54 years.  When I was a little child I went with my mother, a woman who could literally grow anything and did, in the AZ heat.  The result I have seen just about any situation you can think of being dealt with using Bakers, successfully most of the time.  Truthfully, I have always had such a good experience here that anytime I have used anyone else, I end up returning.  They just can't be beat.  They answer your questions nicely about their tremendous supply of just about anything at any given time.  If your desire to garden never goes past house plants, they are just as much for you. They won't lie to you about what they sell. Don't expect to go home  from Bakers with what you planned on.  It will usually be more.
5	I was recently introduced to the art of Bonsai from my brother in law.  I have been researching how to Bonsai small plants and train them but most everything I have seen says I need a special mix of soil. I have my own compost and sand but needed pumice and gravel. Most garden places I have looked at either have huge bags or no clue what I'm looking for. I looked online and found a Bonsai club that listed baker nursery as having Bonsai supplies.When we got there we loved how large the nursery was. They had a very large selection of plants and almost every kind of garden decoration you can think of. We kept looking through all the plants & thinking where we can put each one in our yard & garden. They had almost anything you can think of & a few things i had never seen before. It is rose season & the selection & colors of roses made me wish i had won the lotto so i could drop it all on flowers! I had heard though that they had a collection of Bonsai on display in the nursery & when we found it I was amazed! They were georgeous! It is truley amazing that something that small can look so majestic!We did end up finding a small bag of pebbles & a small bag of Pumice which was exctly what we needed. We even bought a decoration for my new Bonsai. And of course my husband could not resist some plants either, so we got a few small things for him to put around the yard. When we had a good look around & were checking out we asked if there was anyone there that really knew a lot about Bonsai plants & care so we can ask a few questions. They told us they would page Charlie over for us.Let me tell you Charlie was great to talk to. I was a little shy at first because I am not starting with a traditional plant, but am trying to Bonsai a Gardenia, but Charlie told me it was great that I was trying it out on something so pretty. He walked us around & even showed us a few plants that he is personally working on. He assured us that what we were planning on doing was right on track and the nutrients we had to feed the plants with would be great! I ended up buying even more Bonsai stuff from them after we talked. I will definately be back to this gem of a nursery. It was worth the drive!
3	Went there today and thought the place was okay not great.  Was looking for something new that Lowes or Home Depot didn't have.  Didn't see anything that sparked my interest and so much of what they sell is under shaded trees or shades which I've been told means don't plant in full sun.  Well practically everywhere in my yard is full sun so they couldn't help.  Prices seemed decent on some plants, not all, and the trip there was way too long to make it worth my while (I live in North Phoenix).
5	I owned a landscape company for years here in the Valley. Have been going to Bakers for approx. 10 years. Since I owned a landscape company and had access to all the wholesale nurseries I only went Bakers when I needed something special. But when it comes to special they are without a doubt the place to call. I've known the Baker Sisters for years as well as their Dad. No finer people exist. I was the Chair of my neighborhood Association. We went into Bakers and asked if they would support our neighborhoods beautiful house program. We give away a gift certificate each month to the house chosen as the house of the month. Bakers was more than happy to give us a $25 certificate each month. So they also support the community. A great sign of a local neighborhood business.
4	The nursery is really 5 stars, but sometimes when I bring my husbands truck, parking is scary for me. I drive a small car.I love this place! Some Sunday's, I just walk the grounds with my coffee. It's peaceful, and friendly, even the cats. I have been going here for almost 4 years, and have gotten to know the staff. They are knowledgable, reliable and friendly. If someone doesn't know the answer, they will find someone who does. I also really like the shows they host through out the year. I always find what I need there, and more...I have a yard that's in full sun, everything I have bought is thriving where it needs to be. They have a nice selection of seeds too.
5	Unbelievably friendly!I spoke with the owner, Barbara, regarding a community project unrelated to her nursery business.  I was shocked how warm, friendly and receptive she was!  Not sure if the community project will work out, but the helpfulness, exudes from this nursery, and I realize why I am not the only one in Chandler driving all the way to Bakers to keep my patch green.  The extra 20 mile drive to support, Baker's  because they support us, the community.  I'll finally get pumpkins in the ground before summer is over!
5	Most knowledgeable staff on plants and gardens I have ever encountered.  Prices are great too.  It seems they sprout their starters instead of receiving them from some wholesale company.  The whole place seems to be run by people who garden themselves.   Sometimes, I just call them to ask questions.  They are always friendly and interested in helping diagnose my plants and other garden folly.
5	A local favorite.  Baker family owned.  Anything you need to know, they grow.  If you wonder if a plant grows in full sun, that's where they stock.  Amazing selection of plants and trees.  5 star staff.  I have brought in a plant clipping and they will tell you EXACTLY what you have.  6 stars if possible for this place.
5	Early on a hot Saturday morning, we headed to Baker Nursery to find new plants for our landscaping adventure. What a lovely nursery! It was well organized with plenty of shade so you didn't have to wander the aisles with the sun blazing down. All the plants looked so healthy and beautiful. My husband and I are both pretty uneducated when it comes to plants. We had so many questions, and there was always someone there to tell us about the plant, what kind of soil, sunlight and water it needed, etc. I wanted a particular cactus that our neighbors have in the front of their house, but I didn't know it's name, so we played a kind of Pictionary meets Pantomime in describing it.  It took about 10 seconds for the gentleman to understand what I was talking about, pointed us in the right direction and picked the healthiest of the bunch. We loved the personal attention, and we were grateful to all the people who helped schlep the plants up to the front for us and load them in our vehicle using plastic to make sure the dirt didn't dirty the car.  Two weeks later and all our plants are thriving! Whether you're a seasoned gardener or newbie to the plant world, your time won't be wasted at Baker Nursery, and you'll get the best of the best in terms of plants and service!
5	I still think that Baker's is the best nursery in the Valley.  For business reasons I literally go from what it seems from North to South and a lot of places otherwise.  I deliberately stop in at a lot of nurseries, so have a lot to compare with when I say that. I like growing things and in the middle of a busy day a few minutes at a nursery can be a nice break.  All in all,  Baker's, it seems to me, still provides the best personal service.  They know their product and will work for you at whoever your knowledge level is.  They are also very good about checking with you to help you find what you want.  I like that as looking all over is something I don't always have time for.  This is as opposed to one of their competitors where they could find you dead of a heart attack at the end of the day when they were closing and wonder where you came from! Speaking of Big box stores as to going to a local nursery like Baker's...  There is a place for the big box stores and I'd be a liar if I didn't say I haven't bought plants there.  What happened on Wednesday, though, reminded me of why usually I'd rather just at start at Baker's.  I was looking for a  a particular variety of a certain plant.  I saw the plant but not the variety I wanted.  I was told they didn't have it.  I happened to see a representative of one of the big plant companies that supplies the big box stores. I can tell you from past experience these people are a different breed!  I know to handle them very carefully  as  they usually they just don't want to be bothered. There job is to get the product out there and be on there way, I guess.   I asked him if his company supplied this variety. I specifically told him I'd be happy to buy his brand if he had them.   He said they didn't.  When I said it wasn't that important as I was sure I know where I could get them, he asked where.  When I said Bakers, you'd have thought I had said an evil word.  From the look I got, he must consider this one local nursery to be a threat to his major brand?   I bought the specific variety I wanted at Baker's this afternoon and the price was more reasonable than for the common variety at the big box store to boot!
3	I see all the rave reviews, everyone I know who knows of the place rave just like the written reviews.I do not get it, Having been here many times over the years to me this place is nice but I have never been assisted like so many have. I have bought a few plants and if I remember correctly I paid the going price one pays elsewhere. Look it is a fine place but just not the end all for me.
5	Marianne at the front desk is a godsend. We had been walking around in the sun, trying to figure out what flowers and vegetable to buy for our garden. We're beginners,  we don't really know what we're doing, and it shows. The first guy we talked to didn't really blow our socks away with his interest in our plight. We continued to roam, ended up at checkout, and there she was -- the gardener of the year! Marianne totally took care of us, helped us with fertilizer selection, and even drew a little diagram of the best way to set up our little garden to not overgrow any area. Apparently, mint is like a weed -- grows outta control! (who'da thought?)Anyway, I came here on a recommendation from a friend, and I hope other people go here on recommendation from me. Wonderful place, huge selection, fantastic people.
5	Awesome selection of plants. Love coming here.
5	Mark is a serious guru - thanks for all the help and great gardener recommendations!!!!  our Bonita Ash and Desert Willow are both thriving :)
5	This place is great!  The plants are great the atmosphere is great.  I could roam around this place for hours.  Make me feel like I'm not right in the middle of Phoenix.  I have been here a few times before and really liked it but today I had questions about my garden.  Oh my!  They blew me away.  I didn't realize just how much I didn't know about gardening till I spoke with the staff.  They are just full of useful information.  Everyone was very friendly and very helpful.  I will definitely be back!
1	Just lost my business.I have shopped at Baker Nursery for 7 years.  Most of the time the staff is helpful but on occasion they can be curt.Last week I purchased 3 "Raspberry Fuzzy" plants. I have 7 already growing in my yard and have had them for several years.  I wanted a few more so I purchased them at Baker Nursery.  5 days later they are dead.  I didn't even have the chance to get them planted.  These are very drought resistant plants.  I watered them while still in the pots, but not everyday as this would kill them.  Today I returned them to Baker Nursery.  One woman looked at them and said I killed them and walked away.  I stood there rather dumbfounded for a few minutes thinking about what I would do.  I decided to go inside the store and tell them what happened but also that they had lost my business.  So I did.  I received essentially the same response from Bonnie, one of the owners.  All she could say was, "well."  I have been gardening for over 50 years and I am familiar with this plant.This is an incredibly poor business practice over $15 worth of plants, but clearly after talking to two individuals this is their manner company policy for treating customers.Again, Baker Nursery, you have lost my business.
5	Because of my father's related business, I have met plenty of nursery people.  These people at Baker Nursery are informed, they listen to what you are asking about and they care!They generously provided information ahead of my purchase.  Am looking forward to purchasing plants and support products from them when I return in a couple of weeks.  Supporting conscientious local businesses like Baker Nursery is an extreme pleasure!  It gave me heart just to visit with them.
5	I just love to go to Baker's Nursery. The people are so helpful and knowledgeable! They never mind taking their time to explain details of their plants. And, oh, the plants! Baker's has a wonderful selection of very high quality plants. I have purchased agaves, elephant food plants, seeds, tools and even a square foot garden from Baker's and all of my purchases have been great!
5	Love this place!When I think of a place with GREAT staff, Baker comes to mind :) they have helped us start our garden, pot flowers, and grow trees. Come in with any question and they will help you!Pretty good prices too!
5	I finally stopped by Baker Nursery today after living near it for years. I have been missing out! Gorgeous 10 acres of beautiful plants. I purchased a pre-potted box of lettuce greens and also purchased a box for herbs that I got there. I spoke with Carolyn who was very knowledgable and helped me pick out the best herbs to go together in my box, how many to use, when and how much to water them, and even how to arrange them. It was a fantastic experience and I can't wait to go back!
5	My family has been coming to Baker Nursery since they started the business in 1968. Their level of quality, service and expertise are bar none! They also have the friendliest and most helpful staff in the Valley. Mr. Baker would be proud of how his daughters have carried on his legacy.
1	I've been a loyal customer here for years and even highly recommend this nursery to every gardener I meet in person or talk to online forums. But today they have totally changed that.I went over there to buy some giant timber bamboo. They had some in 3gallon sizes so I picked up two of them. One was marked $72.95 and one was $58.95. I asked the lady that was at the front about why one is priced more than the other, and she said because one was probably bought from a different vendor even though they were the exact same size! So then I asked if she can sell them both to me for $58.95, and told me that she can't do that. I was shocked! Any other store or nursery would have jumped on the opportunity to create a loyal customer in this situation before I had even asked if they can honor the lower marked price! This is just terrible customer service! I ended up forking up the money for both anyway since I really needed them for my backyard. But this is definitely the last time I'm ever giving them my business and won't be recommending them again to any people.
5	This place is great and the staff are wonderful! They immediately came to ask if I needed help. They went beyond help with my house plants I purchased.  So friendly and the plants are just beautiful.
5	Walking out of this place with my face buried in two large plants of (Amethyst and Pesto Perpetuo) Basil.  Life is good.No need to smoke this stuff  -feel like I'm in heaven just inhaling the fresh, live bouquets fragrance.Okay, let's get down to business.If you're serious about gardening, you care about the earth, want organic and heirloom, to reduce chemical use, be offered guidance, and more -this is THE place to start.Staff is helpful, knowledgable, and have the resources if there is any doubt.They have fruit trees from Dave Wilson Nursery.  That is a huge plus cuz planting trees that will survive AND produce is the goal.They plant from seed some of the stuff and some gets shipped in.  And if you have chickens I recently learned that the organic feed can be picked up here too.  I wish they had gardening classes or simply a schedule of dates in which they set up and plant their display gardens.  They are lovely to gave at and the production I've seen has been impressive.So in case you didn't figures this out yet, I really do LOVE this place.Of course I'm a DBG member and probably a future volunteer there so I guess that helps explain it.
5	I love this nursery! It seems to be locally owned, and it's SO much better than the big-box "nurseries." The place is pretty large -- they have one section that's just houseplants and WOW are they beautiful. Another wide open outdoor section has many different assortments of pottery for plants of all sizes, indoors or out. I don't have a green thumb, so I know what I can stick with: pothos, aloe, and Chinese evergreen. I also picked up a cute Pink Confetti and a White Splash to add some color around my kitchen. They have some cute small potters that I used for them, and a beautiful blue larger pot to repot one of my own plants. They sell all kinds of plants, some herbs, pottery, fertilizer, plant food, gardening accessories and tools, outside decor, and so on. Definitely come here no matter your plant skill level or what you need.
4	The husband and I went to this nursery last weekend to get some veggie plants. This nursery had a large variety of veggie plants in various stages  (seeds, 2 inch plants, 4 inch plants. fully grown). The people who work here helped me choose some plants that would be at least somewhat difficult for me to kill....I do have a brown thumb, ya know? I ended up getting several different veg plants for a fairly reasonable price that I planted the next day. Well, it has been a week and not only have I not yet killed these plants, but they are actually flowering! The small victories... I would definitely come here again for my planting needs and suggest you do too, gotta like a nice local nursery.
2	I've been going to Baker for about 8 yrs now. I like the nursery...they have a very good selection of succulents, starts (veggies, herbs), and a decent selection of trees, vines and desert-adapted plants. I wouldn't recommend them if you are looking for natives however because the selection is small.Over the years I've bought a lot of plants and trees here...and I've only had a few die...most recently, 4 out of 5 pedilanthus I bought (lady slipper plant) died almost immediately after bringing them home. When I went in to Baker to talk with them about it, they were unapologetic, unhelpful, and rude. They said they don't guarantee their plants at all...it was my fault completely and I killed them. I was upset, yes, but I kept going back and resigned myself to having just lost about $100. It is after all, a local nursery close to my home and maybe I did do something wrong...I'm not perfect.We started getting serious about landscaping our yard a year ago, and I wanted more natives and desert plants. Since Baker didn't have them in stock, I requested them by writing down the item and giving it to the cashier who then would give it to the person who orders plants. I did that three times over about 3 months. No response. I tried to call...sometimes they don't answer the phone. I stopped by. No one ever responded to my requests.So I finally went to other nurseries around the valley to find natives. It was then that I realized what I'd been missing at Baker--good customer service with a smile. Baker's staff seem disgruntled or crusty most of the time--even the 20-somethings that work there never have a smile to greet you.The last straw: I've been asking around at all the nurseries for a certain plant called Rabbitbush. It's a Chihuahuan desert native related to our Sonorant desert's turpentine bush. I want several for my yard and I can't find them anywhere in Phx (most nurseries are supplied with desert plants through a wholesale company called Mountain States and I knew already that they didn't have it in their inventory.) I'm not an expert at plants, but I did my research on this bush and I knew what I wanted. I went to Baker about a week ago to get some succulents and while I was there, I asked about Rabbitbush. They didn't have it in stock of course but I could leave a note for Joy, the gal who orders plants. I thought, "yeah, right, no one will call me back", but urged by the salesperson who said they sometimes order plants from Civano in Tucson, I wrote out the request: "5 Rabbitbush, Ericameria nauseosa var. nauseosa" and left it with no expectation of hearing back.I got a call a few days later saying they got it them in. Thinking that was too quick, I called back several times and finally they picked up. I was transferred to Joy. I asked her what she had ordered and she told me Ericameria nauseosa. Yeah, but which one, I asked. The one you requested she replied. I asked her about the exact botanical name, at which point she got annoyed and told me again she'd gotten what I requested. I tried to ask whether it was the subspecies nauseosa or speciosa but she told me that Mountain States shortens the names on the sticker (shouldn't she have asked whether it was the right plant prior to buying it or calling me?). Sensing this was about to be a repeat of the Pedilanthus conversation where I was the one that was at fault for daring to question the all-knowing Baker staff, I quit trying to explain it and asked, "does it say Whitestem chamisa on the bucket?" "Yes." I told her there was a difference between chamisa and Rabbitbush in the subspecies name, but she just said "do you want them or not?" No thanks was my reply and we hung up.Yes, maybe I'm just a customer and maybe I haven't worked at a nursery, but I know what I'm talking about on that one. I will probably go back to Baker at some point and I think it's a good nursery for Phx folks to check out at least once. But, if you go, set your expectations low:1. Expect to be treated poorly. Don't expect them to be nice to you or give you any respect, even if for one moment you know more about a plant than they do.2. Buyer beware: if a plant dies, it's your fault, not theirs and don't ask them about it because you will be told that you killed the plant in a rude tone of voice.3. Help yourself. Don't expect them to go out of their way to help you. (We have a hard time getting anyone to help us get our plants to the register.)With low expectations, if anything goes right for you at Baker, you'll think it's great.
5	Best nursery in Phoenix. Great selection of plants for shade and sun, helpful staff, bulk topsoil, pretty much everything you could want for the garden. Baker and Berridge definitely the best.
4	I'm looking for a shrub that isn't widely available in the Phoenix area so I called Baker Nursery.  They didn't have it either but were very helpful and offered other suggestions.  They were also recommended by another nursery as the place to look for something special.
4	They have a very good selection of standard plants. Not a great selection of the unusual stuff. The staff is wonderful very knowledgeable and helpful. They do not try to sell the most expensive stuff to you instead I feel like they listen and give you the stuff you really need. Baker has a great selection of potting soils and conditioners to keep your garden vibrant.
4	Family owned by group of I sister very friendly smart staff.  Their mother and father owned it.  Always helpful and attentive.   May not have the largest selection but plenty for the normal gardener.  They are very good at working with people on plant selection and planting tips.   I like the people.  Truly love plant loving people.  They have very good quality and I think a good selection of desert plants.
5	You'll never buy plants anywhere else after visiting Bakers.  Amazing find and nursery with the most helpful staff EVER.  Wish I would have discovered this place years ago, I'm completely addicted to this place.  Oh yeah, excellent prices, did I mention the best staff ever???  Go check them out
5	Such a great nursery. I've been here twice. The staff is very eager to help. I love all the plant varieties they have.
1	I purchased a Banana Tree from Baker's on 06/15/2014.  It wasn't in very good condition to begin with and they only had 2 others.  The salesperson indicated that if it didn't do well that I could bring it back.  On 7/29/2014 I took the plant back in the pot it came in and with the receipt.  Baker's refused to give me another Banana Plant, give me my money back or give me a credit for another plant.  This family owned business needs to be bought out by someone with some ethics.  I will never shop for plants there again and I have reported them to the Better Business Bureau.
5	They are closing in December 2014. I can't believe it! The helpful advice, the nice people, the rose experts...all will be lost.
5	Beautiful flowers, shrubs, pottery and so much more! The helpful and knowledgeable staff is so refreshing.   This experience is not to be missed.
5	Bakers Nursery is where I've spent the majority of my weekend mornings.  I've either been pointed to a needed plant, or discovered it on my own.  Folks have always been helpful & informative.I will agree that they are pricey but big box stores cannot compare to the inventory at Bakers. Moreover, I'm do not agree with Yelp colleagues' low reviews. Unfortunately, gardening is 'at risk'. You figure out what your soil & attention span will foster and you are successful with those plants. Indeed, gardening comes with a learning curve that comes with failures & successes.Their niche in the neighborhood will be a chasm after December.
5	This is an incredible place! I saw no reason to add mycomplements but in reading a review learned they close December 2014. I am in accord that it will be a terrible loss. This is a  :T H  A  N  K   Y O U!
5	I found out Bakers is closing the last day of December this year.  I can't imagine taking care of my house and backyard without them.  No very often can I truly say that the closing of a business is a real loss.  This is!  This has always been a a ten star place!
5	They have the friendliest staff around. I hope they stay the same under the new ownership!!!!!Good luck guys...
2	They are going out of business.  Can't compete with Home Depot and customer service was always pretty bad, too. I remember the last time I was here in the August and I asked one of the clerks if she'd already swiped my credit card. She laughed and said: "we don't do computers here," with a sense of pride. And now you're out of business.  Go figure! LOL.
5	Today Baker Nursery closed.  I've been going there for 59 years so I feel like part of my personal history has been affected.  One of my earliest memories was how grand I felt the day I could finally stand on the wooden steps and get a drink out of the water fountain without having to be lifted up.  If I had had a bad day, just stopping at this wonderful place made even the darkest of days a little brighter.Thanks to the Baker family for many years of fine memories!
5	Stopped by Baker Nursery today looking for the kind of landscaping additions only Baker's has.  They have sold all inventory, locked the gates and put up a for sale sign.  My next visit to the Baker's property will probably be a shopping trip for a house or condo.A Dios.  You were the best.  For more than 40 years. Thank you.chris
