3	Typical Sheraton that lacks any real character or local feel. I mean it looks like the Sheraton in Boston, and the one in NYC, and the one in Chicago.But it was clean and we were checked into our room quickly. We only stayed one night, as we had a free weekend in another nearby hotel, and stayed here before checking into it.Located a few blocks away from Montreal's main train station for all you Amtrak fans. The bar is beautiful and the pub grub was decent.
4	I guess you could say that this is your run of the mill Sheraton and I suppose it would be true.  But not every Sheraton is in the heart of my favorite city in North America -- Montreal!That and the fact that this is a very clean, large, nicely appointed hotel with great views and in the heart of the city.  Not to mention that they really seem to play nicely with the Priceline folks and give great rates for a hotel who's rack rates are much higher.The restaurant on site is not cheap -- even for breakfast and I might even recommend that you eat elsewhere if you can for breakfast to save some cash.  Too bad they don't have a breakfast buffet included with the room rate like you see at a bunch of hotels these days.They also have a great pool and spa facilities on-site.  As a matter of fact, I have had one of the best massages I have ever had here at the Montreal Sheraton.  Its a bit costly, but worth it.  The pool is wonderful size and the kids love it.If you don't mind spending the money or can get an even better rate through Priceline . . . this is the place to stay in town.
4	Got the room on Priceline for $90.  Good, central location.  Tried to avoid $25 parking fee by parking on the street outside the hotel -- it's a no parking zone between 6 and 7:30 am -- so I ended up spending extra with my $42 ticket.  ($12 all night at the lot right behind the hotel, by the way.)Starbucks in the room is nice.  The hotel seemed not-brand-new but not showing signs of aging, and the room was incredibly clean.  Our view from the 8th floor was of Mont Royal & the surrounding office buildings...not a bad view at all.I agree with the other reviewer that there isn't too much local flavor to the hotel, but I think most chain hotels are that way.One block away from the shops & restaurants on Ste. Catherine is also fantastic...never a worry about where to eat -- it's deciding that's the hard part.I'd absolutely stay here again!
4	The recent updates which include the moving of the restaurant from one of the Mezzanine levels to the ground floor and the addition of the lobby bar (where I believe there once was a Starbucks), is a nice touch.Oh, and the reisdent bird on the 6th floor is still there and still entertaining the masses who are visiting the pool.
4	Good hotel. Normally I have SOMETHING to whine about but this place was just fine. The people were nice enough to switch my non-changeable reservation after I realized I booked the wrong night. Ask any other hotel to do that and they will usually tell you TOO BAD and gobble your money.The view from the room was nice, the linens were clean, the location is awesome (around the corner from all the food and shops on ste. catherines).OH! Ok, my only complaint is that an internet connection is $16 a DAY! Just obscene, I'm used to around $10/day so $16 is just a big wow.Other than that, a very nice hotel with a very accommodating staff.
5	Stayed at this Sheraton over a long weekend. Temp was -14F and snowy the whole time but the experience at the hotel couldn't have been better. Staff was pleasant and amazingly helpful with restaurant and things to do recommendations. Rooms were clean and smelled nice. The continental breakfast was closed down for the month while my boyfriend and I were there so the concierge gave us free breakfast meal tickets for the hotel restaurant Bistro Boulevard which was amazing and probably much better than the Continental would have been anyway...though, to be fair, I'm not a fan of buffets anyway. Overall, great experience and would definitely go back or recommend to friends. Warning--there are VERY low ceilings in the parking garage. If you are driving an SUV or truck and planning to park in the hotel's lot, I would confirm with them in advance that your vehicle will definitely be able to fit.
3	The hotel was in a great area. Close to St. Catherine's street, metro, bars, and restaurants. The staff were nice, the rooms were clean. Hotel is family friendly.The cost was kinda pricy. Internet was $17 a night. Parking was $25 a night. The room was $180 usa a night. I tried to go the pool one night and there were a ton of people there, mostly screaming kids at 9 p.m. That was kind of a turn off. So much for kicking back and relaxing.I did not have any of the spa services done but did check out the spa area. It was not enticing at all, in fact dissapointing.
4	Overall this hotel was an ideal choice because of its location (a block from St. Catherine) and close to Vieux Montreal which was one of the prettiest places around this awesome city.The service was excellent, the beds are huge and bathrooms are modern and clean. The price was right too because of Hotwire :) There are a bunch of places to walk to, so you don't need a vehicle.
4	Le Centre Sheraton is a good hotel, centrally located downtown and just a stone's throw from the Bell Centre, the Metro, and Saint Catherine Street.   It even has its own mammoth interior parking garage, although you'll want to watch out for the very sharp turns between floors and the frighteningly steep exit ramp.  If you're looking for convenience, you can't ask for more.I stayed at Le Centre last year when I found a great last minute deal and a few weeks ago, just as I was thinking about another trip to Montreal, Starwood Resorts e-mailed me an offer I decided not to refuse.  For $129 per night I got a large room on the 27th floor, a comfortable king-sized bed, a flat-screen TV and a view of the city.  I couldn't ask for much more, except maybe a newspaper at my door when I got up each morning, which everyone else on my floor seemed to have.  Hardly a big deal but I was momentarily annoyed.  I'm no stranger, however, to the pricing "packages" developed by hoteliers and car dealers so it's entirely possible that my neighbors with the "free" newspapers paid more for their rooms than I did for mine. So why four stars and not five?  More lighting or higher wattage bulbs in the bathrooms would be a very good place to start--it would certainly have been nice to see my face as I was trying to shave it.  Perhaps some artwork on the guest floors to break up the unsettling anonymity of the corridors and a more welcoming lobby would have helped.  I realize that most people, myself included, prefer hanging out in their rooms but the institutional feel of most hotel chains--even the nicer ones--never fails to depress me.   As another review noted, one Sheraton looks pretty much like another and while the quality is consistent, a little individuality  makes a difference.  I was happy with what I got for the price I paid but I've been to hotels where I've felt more like a "guest" and less like a guy paying for a place to sleep.   Overall, though, I have no complaints.  Assuming I found another good deal, I'd return to Le Centre Sheraton in a second.
4	Hotel was a little older than I was expecting and the front is undergoing renovations but otherwise everything else about the place has been great.Clean gym with up-to-date equipment, although a little short on space for the weight training area. Nice looking pool & jacuzzi. Super comfy bed, linens, and pillows. Fresh, modern looking rooms & bathrooms. Friendly and helpful staff (front desk, concierge, etc). It's pretty close to a lot of things, especially all the shops on Rue St. Catherine and restaurants on Rue Crescent. I'd stay here again if I came back.
4	Hotel was in a central location, nice staff, and a nice atrium.  It's about 2 blocks from Gare Centrale, so that was sweet.  The elevators were super fast and had 6 of them.  Rooms were quite large, with 2 beds (if you ask) and a couch.  There are many outlets, and some coax plugs for some reason.  The bathroom was really long - nothing special in there besides the length.The only issue I had was that I called and asked about the AC unit not working.  Either no one came in to fix it, or they tried and couldn't - they didn't leave a note.  I wish that they said something one way or another.  Oh well, won't stop me from staying here again.
4	I've been going to Montreal for over 20 years and I've stayed at this hotel at least 50 times. I have nothing but great things to say about it. The prices are very reasonable considering the location in downtown Montreal. The amenities are great and the rooms were all just recently renovated with updated furnishings LCD TVs and new bathrooms. The service at this hotel is what makes it exceptional. Everyone is helpful and courteous. When you stay ask "Maria the Concierge" for recommendations for dinner, sightseeing, or anything else. She along with the rest of the staff make this the place to stay.
3	Booked the Centre Sheraton via Expedia pour mon voyage a Montreal. Arrived around 11pm. One guest services agent manning the station with a build up of guests slowly trickling in. Wasn't the friendliest and although I'm a pretty smart cookie and can figure out where the elevators are, she neglected to mention them (as she had to the previous guest).  I'm a huge fan of consistency when it comes to the service industry.Check-in was painless since everything was already prepaid.  Booked a double room. The bed was a little too soft for my liking but the pillows were heavenly.The bathroom was well equipped. Bonus points for a powerful hairdryer and water efficient toilets. Penalty points for weak water pressure from the showerhead and and a soap dish that was placed retardly high which with an accident-prone gal like me means screaming tabernac many times as my elbow rams into it without remembering its existence.There was a rowdy crowd of teenage boys next door but that was easily remedied as the guest services desk sent someone up within minutes to give them a warning.  That didn't do much, but I guess other neighbors also complained and a second warning at the door finally got them to leave the hotel for whatever club venue they were pre-drinking for.This Sheraton pales in comparison to the Toronto one in many ways.  Being a much older hotel it didn't have an iPod alarm clock - and Murphy's Law of course was in full force as a forgetful me neglected to bring my iPhone charger.  Other things that I deduct points for: charging for LOCAL phone calls and charging for wireless internet!  All in all a pretty good location. I walked everywhere other than catching a cab to escape the cold and get to dinner.
4	Great rooms, great location, very helpful, plentiful and happy staff. My drawback is the nickle & diming.It has been a long time since I have stayed in a hotel that did not offer high speed internet to its business travellers. Here I must either use their business center off the lobby or pay $14.75/day for High Speed Light. In addition it automatically logs you out every 5 minutes of non-use. Outside of this knock I like the hotel.
2	I stayed here for three nights for a conference. Had it not been for incredibly noisy guests on 2 out of 3 nights that I was staying here, and the response of the hotel staff, my review would have been much better. The first night, I had some loud teenagers playing music and shouting with their door open. One call to the operator, who was very responsive, took care of that. She assured me that it would be taken care of, and it was. She was fantastic - and her attitude alone is why I am giving 2 stars. The second time it happened, the operator (a different one) was incredibly rude and acted like I was causing problems. This time the neighbors were shouting in French, dancing, and singing with their tv on loudly. I called the operator twice and the noise never stopped. I didn't end up sleeping that night and had to get up at 4:45 am for an early flight. It was such a horrible experience, and I felt so sick the next morning, not to mention the fact that I had to deal with the operator's rudeness - well, minus two stars for that. At the price I was paying, I would have expected a better experience....not to mention the fact that they didn't have WiFi in the hotel (minus another star). I guess not all hotels have that, but I stayed at a B&B (at half the cost) in Montreal right before I stayed at the Sheraton, and even they had WiFi. Shame on the Sheraton for not taking care of their guests when they indicate that a neighbor is being unruly.
2	As you go through the other reviews you'll notice a common thread: disappointment. Understandably an older hotel will have issues but given its prime location downtown Montreal (a block from the Bell Centre - damn you Habs, why aren't you playing during the summer so I can pay homage to the 2nd best Canadian team?) I well and truly expected something a slight bit better. The drive way is narrow, poorly lit and a nightmare during rush-hour with cars backed up attempting to make a turn onto the streets. Parking downtown isn't cheap however at $22 a night it's almost as bad as Calgary. The staff were attentive however didn't provide anything above and beyond adequate service. Internet is not included for either business travelers or Sheraton Preferred Guests members (though it is complimentary at other hotels within the chain), the air conditioning was both loud and ineffective though I will excuse that as this was during a heat wave and I imagine every a/c was running at full. The room (King size bed) was acceptable, the mattress comfortable, chairs and table provided though the bathroom was small given the size of the room.On my next trip to Montreal I wouldn't be adverse to staying here again though I will consider nearby alternatives as there wasn't any specific draw to this Sheraton.
4	Great hotel, great location and amazing bar in the lobby! Bedrooms were decent size with a nice comfortable bed and a very clean bathroom. But the only reason i'm writing this review is for Marie from the concierge front desk. She was so helpful in telling us where to go and how to get there. She told us to go to Santos when we asked where to go for dancing/drinking/lounging and she was right on the money. Santos (in old Montreal) is a great place. The hotel even offers free internet for everyone by the front desk which was a plus. Also, if you want the best crepes in town, walk over to Drummond (less than a minute walk from the hotel) and go to Chez Cora, go b/w 9-10 to avoid the lines because after 10 am, the lines are out the door.
4	O Canada How I Love Thee!I really enjoyed this hotel.  From the outside, its really not much to look at.  Its borderline broken down from the outside but thankfully, looks can be deceiving.  I stayed here on my trip to Canada with 2 of my friends.  The room met my expectations (2 queens).  It wasn't too small and gave the feel of a decently maintained building.  So I didn't feel as if I was overpaying for an underwhelming hotel.  The thing that made this hotel standout is the location.  Location...location...location.  Suited my needs perfectly!  This place is about 2 blocks from Crescent St.  We could just simply walk for 2 minutes and find ourselves at a row of bars.  Restaurants were easy to find as well.  This comes in handy cause street parking can be a pain in downtown.One of the things that really surprised me was the concierge.  His name was Bruno.  I swear this guy knew anything and everything about anything you asked him.  A good concierge is hard to find and he completely surpassed all my expectations.  He was friendly, personable and always willing to help.  His recommendations were on point and gave us a variety of locations to choose from in case we wanted to try something different.Definitely enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would recommend this to anyone traveling in the area.
5	Had a great stay! Best housekeeping staff! Carol is great.  Lady at c/I could have been nicer but everyone else made up for it! Love the views. Room service was fast and tasty.  Will come back
3	I got a pretty good price online through their website, especially considering I booked the day before I left. ($119 a night)It was a nice hotel. Nothing too crazy, but a clean, quiet hotel, quite close to the metro, and the main streets. The downside? $24 a night for parking, and wireless internet is not included (really??)I can't comment on the service, because I didn't receive any. They were nice when I checked in and out, but other than that I didn't have any interaction with anyone.
4	Very nice accommodations. Centrally located to everything. Walls are a little thin. We heard the couple next in the room having some "morning relations". Very clean and modern. Would stay here again. Helpful staff.
4	Great hotel with friendly staff and nice amenities (hot tub, pool, impressive gym, great bar) The one and only downside is that they do not have complimentary wireless in the rooms.  We will stay again!
4	The Sheraton Montreal was home base for NYE 2012.A friend of mine found a great deal for a room right downtown on NYE and I was glad to hear it was at the Sheraton. Sheraton hotels have the most amazingly comfortable beds. The rooms are always clean and nicely furnished.There was a long line up to check in but that can be expected on the afternoon of December 31. After check in, the service was great. We called down for extra towels and there were brought up within 5 minutes.I didn't get to try the restaurant on site but I'll make sure to pop in next time.You can't go wrong with Sheraton, especially when it's downtown Montreal.The only downside is that the internet isn't free...
4	The rooms are super duper small! No complaint though because i think thats just how all hotels in Montreal area are. Our 2 bed room literally had just that. enough room for 2 beds and some decorative chairs. Also a lot of the other hotels in Montreal has a European flair, tacky bedding, feels elizabethan. I get it that Montreal has that sort of charm. But i still would like to see modern bedding/modern furniture. Sheraton does not have the tacky bedding so if that's what you want i'd say try the Queen Elizabeth a few blocks down. Known for the European old flair. The pool is a decent size. Theres a hot tub and a sauna room that can probably fit 2 -4 people comfortably. Theres also an outdoor terrace to tan but we didn't get to use that. Parking does cost a bit extra for self parking or valet. This was the best deal with a corporate rate. The lobby was nice and spacious with a small area for seating. We went to Montreal during a busy weekend so the hotel had a lot of traffic in and out. The location was also great! walking distance to the shops (literally 2 blocks away) and some good food. The trek to the Montreal Chinatown was a bit far, maybe 15-20mins by foot if that helps. However I must say this hotel tries to nickel and dime you every way possible. The wifi in the rooms are additional costs. Luckily it was included in my corporate rate. My only complaint is the front desk attendants. They come across as snotty and not really willingly trying to help you answer your questions about the area. However because of the price, i will prob return next time I am in Montreal!
5	Anik!  Who is she but a voice on the other end of the hotel room phone when you dial 0. She is sweet, patient, and everybody's Mother and caregiver.  Sooo nice and talks to you and with you like she has known you forever and sincerely cares. Sheraton needs to cherish her.
3	I thought this was a 4 stars property, but....I arrived at 1:30am in the morning The front desk was very nice, however she is very slow, she have to understand, is late, I been on the road all day, so she really need to speed things upNext morning, I went down stairs, I saw the bellman, and I asked, where is the  concierge desk. He pointed me the desk and told me is not open till 11am. 11am??People going on vacation, time is counting, I don't want to stay in the room till 11amSo I walked to the front desk, and the front desk agent saw me, didn't say Hi or Good morning, to me book, that unacceptable I asked, do you have any information for the Montreal, where is the must see places?He pointed me to the bellman. I walked back to the bellman and asked him the same informationHe replied: Yes, I do tours here and he handed me the Gray Line Bus Tour booklet I'm like what the hell?I need a map of downtown Montreal and some information where all the must see places. He replied: You have to wait for Concierge Later on that day, I went online and did some researched my self, and found out lot more information about Montreal, later in the evening, I asked my friend to go down stairs and check with the concierge how can we get to the basilica. He told my friend is only end of the block from the hotel. He must be losing his mind!The closes train is 3 blocks away, not a big deal, I from New York, I can walk 3 short blocks, but the problem is he giving us a incorrect information, not good The hotel is located downtown area, central of everything, close to the train station, many taxi parked at the back of the hotel, soonest you walk outside, is there. Many restaurants is walking distance, this hotel is located in 1201 Rene Levesque Boul West, is only 1 block walking distance from St Catherine Street, St Catherine Street is like a main street, many activities going on there, shopping, food, strip clubs. lolNow let's talk about inside the hotel This hotel have 2 elevators from the lobby to the underground garage, and 6 elevators from the lobby to rooms up stairs, I think the hotel have 35 floors, I'm on 31st, over see the city viewHotel room is basic, nothing really special or stand outOverall, 3 stars, hotel services, front desk, concierge, bellman, 1 starI'm not going to say I will not be back, but they do have many other options in that area, if you traveling there in a slow seasons, you might able to get a good rate
4	With a name like Sheraton, I know I can expect great accommodation and a great service. I was here for a conference and I was excited at the fact that it has a such a great location at Boul. Rene Levesque. It's close to the financial centre, Le Centre Bell, McGill University, and walkable to Chinatown and Parc du Mont Royal.The rooms were handsomely decorated and they were super clean. It also helps to have a view of the city from the room. Not exactly the best view but kinda cool to see the building roofs smoked up in the middle of a frigid cold winter. Service was spot on and friendly. For the price I paid, I got a pretty great deal for my money.
4	My SO and I stayed at Le Centre Sheraton on a Hotwire deal; the location was great, walking distance to St Catherine and the Bell Centre.  I was very pleased with the service we received during check-in.  We got upgraded to a king bed suite and were happy with our room cleanliness.  The rooms are smaller than I expected, especially the bathrooms.  The hotel does have an awesome pool and hot tub combo on their fitness floor.  Their fitness area is huge and overlooks the city.Parking is affordable for $24 the night till the next day at 6pm!  Unfortunately, wifi is not free which is such a bummer.I will definitely be back for future Montreal weekend gateways!
3	For a "four star" hotel this place doesn't provide the impression of accommodation. Let me elaborate.Firstly, wifi in the rooms cost extra which is common among most hotels. But they have a internet lounge in the lobby the provides free internet connection through ethernet. I can never understand this.Their gyms are adequate in the fact that it contains the essentials: treadmills, free weights, ellipticals, and a few machines. The whole look of the pool looks to be for adults but has the capacity for children. Deepest end is only 5'3" and the shallow end being a measly 2'. Now you may say these are all minor complaints compared to the overall experience but I give you this: Out of the four days I've stayed there, they never had an abundance of people at their bars, lobby, stores, etc. Everything is overpriced here. But the hotel is clean and comfortable.
4	Great location, super nice staff and lots of things around.Not pumped about the $15/day internet charge.
4	Nice hotel.  The Concierge level was a very nice perk, and the staff was very accommodating with children.  The lady who works on Saturdays was great!The location is not ideal because it's a good 20 minute walk to the Old City.  But, the price is right.  If you're a Habs fan, the arena is an awesome venue.Like Gen. McArthur's return to Tacloban, "I shall return".
4	We stayed here 2 years ago and it's a great location for all your downtown needs!  A bit further from the Old Port but 2 blocks to St Catherine's and all the shopping and craziness that it has to offer!  This hotel was nicely renovated a few years ago and still the rooms seem to be in great shape and not showing wear and tear that some hotels do!  Great pool and hot tub area with a nice workout room also.  Self parking is $20 overnight which isn't bad value (considering it's centre ville!)  If you are heading to the Bell Centre this is probably the closest hotel as it's just in front.  If you want an expensive steak head across the street to Coeur de Cheval.  Priced very high but hey, look up and see all the office towers of Bankers, Lawyers and Corporate big wigs and you will understand why they charge what they do!  All in all the Sheraton is a great hotel for all your needs!
3	This is a typical business hotel - very busy. Pros:Just 1 block away from a subway station so from that perspective, its convenient. BUT, if you would rather see downtown by foot, this isn't a great place. You have to take the subway pretty much everywhere. Old Montreal, McGill, etc they are all pretty far from here. Cons:-Thought the service was rather flaky. Some people at the front desk are nice, others are disgruntled-It costs $3/luggage to have the bellman keep it. Also, the bellman was a jerk.Honestly, next time I'm going to stay at the Westin instead b/c the location is MUCH better and the facility seemed more modern and better maintained.
4	Can't beat the location!
4	Great hotel in a great location. You can walk to the down town area or to the trains. The cafe' is a little pricey for breakfast but it is good. Also, one of the few hotels that has self parking in Montreal, which is huge. A lot of other places are valet, and I don't feel comfortable leaving my keys and car with a stranger. Only gripe I have is staying there when there is a Habs game. It gets a little crazy there with fans from opposing cities.
5	I had to book a last minute reservation for a funeral. I called the front desk and asked for an early check-in, 10:00am. I was driving from Washington, DC. When I got there they checked me right in. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location is right downtown and easily accessible to restaurants and shops.I would recommend this hotel, 5 stars!!
4	This was a great Sheraton and a perfect hotel in downtown Montreal!  I came here for a 4 night stay with 3 girlfriends for a girl's weekend.  I had stayed in this area many times before but never at this hotel and I was pleasantly surprised.  We had great service our entire stay, they even brought up a refrigerator to our room the first night.  Rooms and whole hotel in general were clean, well kept and recently renovated.  The beds were sooo comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious!And you really can't beat the location - so close to all the shopping on St Catherine St. and walking distance to all the bars and restaurants on Crescent St.  Overall, we really enjoyed out stay here.  We did SPG Points + Pay for our stay, so I also think this is amazing value for this area.  Will definitely stay here again when in Montreal and will recommend it to friends!
4	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel.  I love that the rooms are always clean and beds are comfortable.We did have an issue with our coffee maker.  It had dusty crud build up inside where you pour the water.  It looked like the crud you find on the bottom if a computer mouse.  We wanted to use it for hot water only.  I called room service at 3pm and asked them for hot water.  The lady on the phone said it would cost $2 for the hot water and $4 room service charge.  She suggested I use the coffee machine.  When I told her about the dirt, she said she would immediately send someone up to replace it.3 hours later, no one showed up.  I called guest services and told them about the dirty coffee machine and that no one came to replace it.  Someone was up within 10 minutes.  He took a look and advised me that was just water residue and all the coffee machines are like that.  So I scraped a piece of e crud onto my finger and asked him if he would drink coffee with this inside it.  He responded by saying "I don't drink coffee".  What a jacka$$!  After arguing back and forth for a few minutes he finally agreed to bring me an electric kettle.I didn't appreciate the level of courtesy from this gentleman.We also ate breakfast at their restaurant.  A bit over priced and not worth the over-done eggs I was served.  Good potatoes though.Would I stay here again?  Yes, but only for the quality of the room and not the service or the restaurant.
3	I stayed here a few times on various Montreal trips. If you want to be right in the downtown core, this is a good option. Also a good choice if your in town for an event at the Bell centre which is a block or two away.I checked in after a long day of work / travel and was not happy with my check in experience. This process is usually the first interaction with guests so it should leave a good first impression. Sadly, staff at the check-in desk had no interest in setting a good first impression, they barely spoke, looked bored and provided no details about the location of my room / elevators or internet. One of the most unfriendly check-in experiences ever. Interesting to see a few other reviews with similar opinions... maybe management should monitor on-line reviews Rooms were recently renovated and the bathroom area was sufficiently large. All the usual room extras were provided. I found the bed very comfortable but this could be due to the numerous alcohol beverages I consumed that evening. For the price point - the room was fine. The best part of my stay was the lobby bar. A cool modern with lot's of bar seating, couches and other forms of comfortable seating. Hotel staff was exceptional this time, very friendly and provided great service. They had Cheval Blanc & St. Ambroise on tap in addition to the usual choices. At midnight, the place was still full which is a good sign given all the drinking options in Montreal. Decent food menu also served in the bar.Given so money hotel choices in the same area and at the same price point, little things can make a big difference between a return visit or not. I stayed two more nights at another hotel within blocks and received far better customer service. I know where I will book next time!BK
3	Le Centre Sheraton is centrally located for travellers to Montreal. Walking distance to most of the tourist location. Close to 2 Metro Stations and just a stone throw away from Bell Centre if you are in town for some Hockey action.Being a big hotel, it does attract a lot of hockey fans, party goers during the weekend and it can get a little rowdy.Our Corner room though is really spacious and have a great view even a glimpse of the river itself. Washroom is huge! Without free wifi though really doesn't cut it! Though you can get a signal downstairs in the lobby.......
1	Wifi connection was terrible. it's almost same as NO INTERNET. When i enter the room, wall was broken. not clean. They just charge on my card EVEN BEFORE we get there. and then after trip. Another charge without any statement until we asked for it. what a unprofessional business.but poeple who works in front wa very helpful.
4	A great option for a central hotel in Montreal. I usually stay at the Residence Inn on Rue Peel. But this trip the Sheraton was cheaper. Though I love the kitchen option (fridge) at the Residence, the Sheraton is much more luxe. Wonderful new equipment in the gym and free wifi at the bar. Staff were mixed as to friendly, and the drink pours were quite skimpy. Internet in room is fee only. Looked newly renovated.
3	Stayed here for a week during Grand Prix. The location of this hotel is very convenient. It's located right at the heart of downtown Montreal, many great restaurants are right next door, including some of the famous ones like La Queue de Cheval. It's also walking distance away from Ste. Catherine for more great food, entertainment and shopping options. The hotel is luxurious, with good amenities, including an indoor pool with whirlpool. The view of Montreal is very nice from the top floors. The room is well equipped to connect to any kind of device (including consoles). But, the rooms are comparable small compare to others in the same price range. The wireless internet is expensive for a fee of $15 per day and the breakfast menu is limited and expensive compare to the food options just steps away. The room-service was excellent and delicious though!
2	I've stayed at this Sheraton MANY times, as I come to Montreal often to visit family and  my family is Starwood Preferred members. I am always semi-disappointed. I've stayed in many Sheratons but I just think this one is sub-par compared to others. Sheratons are never too glam but I am talking about also in comparison to other similar grade hotels and Sheratons. It was very busy this past weekend when I stayed there with my mother. And there were a few weird & irritating experiences. One being that they put staff at the elevators and were checking keys on a Saturday night. This kind of alarmed my mother who was under the impression they did this to keep out hookers (witnessing some sort of scenario that gave her this impression). Just seemed liked a weird practice but whatever. The hotel lobby bar & general bar is really not great. First of all, Sheratons typically have their same menu at all hotels but this one did not. (This may be a Canadian vs American factor.) But regardless, the menu was not as good as the other traditional menu I've seen. What really irked me, was when I sat at the bar. Almost ordered the nachos, but the bartender was honest and said they sucked. I'm actually super glad he was honest - I prefer that (but heads up Sheraton - if they suck then why don't you change them!) We end up ordering a different appetizer. My mom was drinking wine but I decided to stick with a soda. My bartender asked if I would like "more Coke" - I said yes just to sip on something while my mom finished her glass. When we got the bill I saw that he had charged us for 2 Cokes - $5 each! I was really appalled and wanted to say something but my mother wouldn't let me so here I am putting it on Yelp. I understand how hotel bars work, so it's not really the $5 coke that bothers me. It's the fact he charged me twice. I actually only had 1 sip of the refill. Restaurants will typically alert you to the fact they do not use fountain soda by bringing out the bottle so you understand. I never saw the bottle but I'm pretty confident it was from the fountain which makes this extra ridic. However, even if it was a bottle he should've showed it. And in some way they should bring this to the customer's attention. It's just good service. Or you wait for the request from the customer, how you would similarly for a bottle of wine, etc. He also told us if we wanted to order dessert and bring it up to our room, we would just have to go up and order room service. Really?
2	This review is very blinkered, and really only has to do with the wildly overpriced, scorched and watery coffee in the downstairs lobby bar. Everything else about this hotel was fine, the lobby bar is comfortable, the private salon on the top floor has a great view and is corporatecomfortable. But man, a bad coffee at whatever price is enough, on some days, to make me want to flip tables... or lie quietly under them and weep. A nice hotel, huge international chain, fairly expensive with friendly staff a should take an interest in quality at every level. Take the coffee seriously is all I'm saying. It's important.
3	Nice hotel as long as you don't plan to eat or drink there.  The bar is overpriced, the restaurant is closed at night and the only place to eat is at the bar. Except there is a catch. You can't bring your kids to eat In the bar. Some crazy Montreal city ordinance. I know, there are a lot of options outside. But sometimes you don't feel like going anywhere. And it's -10C outside. We complained, got some attitude from the manager and had no choice but order room service.
4	Great hotel in a great location - Bell Centre just down the street, St. Catherine's just north. Even if the prices for food are over priced in the hotel, you don't have to go far to find good food. Plus it is relatively quiet here.The room we were in was spacious and clean. Easy to use and responsive temperature controls made it easy to make the room to our liking.Yes you need to pay for the internet but it is fast enough for Netflix to be streamed. If you are a member of the SPG you may be able to get the charges reversed.Would definitely stay here again. The reason I took away one star was due to the overall price of the rooms (can be expensive if you don't find a deal), the over priced food downstairs, and the paid internet.
3	Let's judge a hotel by it's bar.   Service at the bar was terrible and stuck up (came with attitude).  That pretty much sums it up. Sit at the corner of the bar and you will never ever get any service. Prices are extremely high for being in Canadian dollars.   Summary is: hotel is okay at best, service in the bar could be better but the other hotel employees are friendly.
4	The location of Le Centre Sheraton is fantastic- right in the middle of Downtown Montreal and within walking distance of my company's office there (an added bonus for me). The staff were extremely helpful and the room was very clean and modern. Fantastic toiletry samples too (including a miniature bath pouf!) I was pleasantly surprised to come back to my room after a quick stroll and find a fruit basket and bottled water with a note telling me to enjoy my stay. The hotel food was overpriced (to be expected, but decently good. They have plenty of taxis waiting around so that was never an issue. The hotel is very high and the elevators are lightning fast- my ears even popped! I did not have a chance to check out the pool or fitness center so I can't discuss those. My main complaint that docks a star is because my room was FREEZING. I was on the 24th floor and it was snowing, but the windows rattled all night and were not well insulated whatsoever. I had to crank the heat and hide under the blankets to keep warm. They need to fix this problem because it is wasting energy and making guests uncomfortable. I would definitely stay at this hotel again when it is warmer!
4	Located 2 blocks away from both the Bell Center and Montreal's main drag. Saint Catherine's.  Le Center Sheraton is in the perfect location to explore Montreal.Hotel is large,clean,well maintained and safe with an well trained and motivated staff who I've come to know quite well after almost 7 years of staying here on my many visits.Rooms are fairly large and updated with excellent beds,linens,huge flat screen TVs,powered personal safes and coffee makers. Call about 24 hours ahead to request a room on the higher floors to insure you'll get king sizes beds and late check outs if eligible and for God's sake make sure they don't assign a room above the heated pool on the 6'th floor or you'll be breathing in pool chlorine and looking through windows blurred with condensation for your entire stay.If there is anything to complain about it is the expensive valet parking { $32.00/day} ,the totally unnecessary and uninspiring restaurant and bar {there's a excellent beer garden and restaurant right across the street} and the fact that in room WIFI is not free except for some promotional months and only if you're a Starwood card member.
3	There are very few things I think make my stay great at a hotel. I don't care about the hotel restaurant, the bar or any other random gyms or activities at the hotel.1. I hope to have someone meet me at the door or at least when I check in to see if I need help with my bags. Sometimes I don't need it but it's still nice if offered and this weekend I did need it. This was not offered. We parked the car right outside the door and no one came up. We went inside to check in and no one asked there either. We went over and grabbed our own baggage trolley and as we were walking to the elevator with the trolley one the valets comes over and reprimands us for taking one since that was his job- I told him well too bad there was no one around the full half hour we were there so far. And he huffed at me. What a start.2. Nice clean and comfortable bathroom. Ours was nice. Roomy enough. And clean. Shower was not comfortable because there was barely any water pressure, same with the sink. The part that made me upset was that there were only 2 towels out for us, I had to call to ask for 4 more and they also huffed at me for asking. 3.  Clean comfortable bed. We got lucky with an awesome rate for a king sized bed and our room had a great view on the 14th floor. But man the bedding was awful. It was scratchy bleachy and starchy feeling, you heard every crinkel when you moved in bed. The mattress was comfortable but because of the bedding we did not get any comfort sleeping. 4. Last one. Customer service. Other then all the huff and attitude I was getting so far I still thought our stay was overall really good. The hotel was close to every where we were going and no one was really bothering us. And then checkout. We came over because our bill was wrong. They charged us for wifi when they told us it would be free for the visit and that they easily changed. But we were also supposed to get 50% off for our room service which they never removed. It was a $20 charge so you would think they would take $10 off and be done with it. No we had to spend 30 min just standing around because they wanted to double check with room service if that was correct. It's just $10, and truthfully if I knew it would take this long I wouldn't have even bothered. So overall I feel that if I find a rate like this elsewhere we won't be returning here on our next visit. Sorry Sheraton, up your game.
4	Great hotel in a good location -  Centre Bell just down the street and it was not too expensive for Saturday night. Picked this hotel because of close proximity to hockey arena. Hotel is clean, staff well trained, knowledgeable and helpful. There is charge $25 CD for underground self parking, WiFi is not free in your room unless you SPG member. Prices for food are overpriced  in the hotel, but you don't have to go far to find good food around. The room we were in was fairly large and clean. Really the nice pool, the jacuzzi, sauna, and the workout facilities on 6th Floor.  They keep it quite clean and offer you workout and pool towels.  Would definitely stay here again.
5	Great hotel, won't stay anywhere else but here in Montreal due to location and ammenities
2	One of the most inefficiently laid out hotel rooms I've stayed in. The same holds true for the bathroom which was poorly lit and not well ventilated.  The rooms come across as being slightly dingy (and that's based on the "deluxe" room I am staying in on the 36th floor...I can only cringe when I think what the "standard" rooms must be like). The Club on the 37th floor has a decent breakfast but the coffee could be better. The highlight is the fresh fruit with the grapefruit and oranges nicely peeled and tasty. If you need to leave your luggage there after checking out, you have to pay a $3 fee
4	I would give it 5 stars if it had free wifi.... The Canadian Head Office for my company is located right across the street from this hotel.  I've visited 3 times in the last two years and stayed in 3 different hotels within a 2 block radius.  This one is BY FAR the best of them.I was sick during my most recent trip in July 2014.  I came down with an awful flu right before my trip.  The bed was so comfortable... Even though I felt absolutely awful, I immediately felt at ease when I crawled into bed fairly early.  I was also happy to see that there was tea in the room.  Also helped me feel a bit better.The view is absolutely amazing.The hotel is clean... I found nothing wrong in my room.  And the toiletries were actually very good quality!  The shower pressure was very good and the tub looked so clean that I actually considered taking a bath... but opted to go to bed any way.I didn't hear any noise from the other rooms or hallways and I was able to sleep comfortably through the night.This will definitely be my regular hotel in Montreal.
4	Very centric hotel with beautiful views of the cityBeds are big and comfortable and the breakfast is located in the 37th floorHaving some scrambled eggs and fruit while looking at the rest of the skyline is very rewarding
4	My daughter and I stayed here this past weekend for one night and we wish we could have stayed longer. The bed was the most comfortable bed I've slept in in I can't remember how long! The room was perfectly clean. Kudos to them for letting us check in at 10 am, well before my check in time. The hotel is centrally located one block from Ste Catherine which is where the shops are located. A bit of a hike to the Port but not a bad walk. The only downfall is the charge for wifi- it isn't nominal, it's $16 CAD which is quite a bit.
4	I love the Starwood chains and this Sheraton did not disappoint. Very good location & walking distance to many of Montreals gems such as shopping & Old Montreal. Check in was quick & efficient, rooms were clean (albeit a bit loud) & as a Plantinum Member was pleased to see the large, spacious lounge on the 37th floor & the newly renovated fitness room! I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food as well. I was here for a sales meeting so the  meeting rooms were scattered thru-out the hotel over several floors but i would come back for pleasure as I felt it was clean & well placed if you are visiting this city!
4	For a Sheraton, pretty nice.Given upgrade to junior suite, which was fine. Rooms are pretty typical of Sheraton/Westin quality.Platinum lounge was great - good appetizers, very good view of the city. Similar to the Toronto Sheraton lounge.Pool/gym/sauna were all of unexpectedly high quality. They were all larger than I'd come to expect for business hotels. It wouldn't replace your gym membership quality experience, but pretty good.Location was above average - I felt like I was a short cab ride from every location I wanted to check out. Close to a metro station, however.Solid hotel - better than your average Sheraton.
3	stopped in for drinks at the lobby bar.   they have a fair seating area and a great beer menu.   The service is good and prices are a little higher that the beirmarket across the street.   They have 4 large tv screens way up high with the latest sports and news channels.
