3	I've been to both college & pro bball games here, along with a PBR event, so I've seen a lot that this arena has to offer. It really is a nice, new arena located right in uptown Charlotte.From the outside, this arena fits in very nicely with the local landscape & doesn't give the feeling of being too large & menacing. Inside, the concourse area is a lot more wide open then you'd expect. It really is spacious & inviting, allowing ample room to maneuver to the closest bathrooms or concessions. And you'll be impressed with the concessions, as long as you don't look at the price. They have the most variety I've ever seen in an arena, & wait for it....they actually take debit cards! Thank you...someone finally figured out that people don't want to use ATMs with usage fees in your arena or stadium.To the viewing; if you're high upper level, don't expect to love your seat. I've sat in the last row in the corner & was mad I spent money to sit there. You'll spend a good portion of your time ogling at the massive videoboard & trying to figure out just how tall the buildings atop it actually are. Also, the steps in the upper level are so steep that you'll clutch the hand rail with all your might on the way down. But in the lower level, I don't think there's a bad seat; you're close to the action from wherever you're sitting.While some people may not think the action on the floor should go into a review on the arena, I think it's the main reason people go there so it's a pretty big chunk of my rating. The arena alone would get a 4, but the action gets a 2 if it's the Bobcats. I thoroughly dislike the NBA, so I have a lot of bias here. During an NBA game, none of the fans really get into it & that's partly due to the boringness of the NBA.So while I've been quite impressed with the arena, depending on my seating location, the action on the floor doesn't have me clamoring to go back for more. I'll wait till the next college bball game to head to the arena.
4	Home to the Bobcats and the Checkers, this three-year-old arena is very nice. I've had all kinds of seats for games there - from crappy nose bleed seats to skyboxes to sweet lower bowl seats. The arena creates a fun atmosphere for Bobcats games - now we just need the Bobcats' playing ability to match.The best way to get to the arena is the light rail. Parking ranges from $10 to $20 on game nights. And then you have to sit in your car for a long time trying to get out of the garage after the game has let out. As with most arenas, the concession stand prices are ridiculous. Beers are $7.50 or $8.50 for example. If you're hungry before or after the games, I'd suggest you eat at Brixx or Coco Osteria.
4	Though I can't say much for the home teams that play here, Time Warner Arena is pretty awesome, which you should expect since the place is pretty damn new. It has all the amenities of a modern sports arena: awesome luxury boxes, comfortable general seating, and lots of concession/food/gear offerings. For the casual fan or family, this is the perfect place to spend a night. Like I mentioned, the Bobcats are pretty terrible, and it's kinda depressing to come here on a game-night, since the place is never that full and lacks real energy. But if you're lucky enough to catch a college basketball game our tournament here, you'll be glad you did: it gets rockin' in here, and the crowds are awesome. In general, it's a great place for a sporting event. I've heard that seeing a Checkers game (minor league hockey) is pretty awesome, since they really cater to the fans and have lots of giveaways and entertainment, so be sure to check that out.
3	Whereas the arena is impressive from the outside, I can't help but wonder what the big improvements are inside.  Sure it has a high tech scoreboard, but that could have been put in the old existing arena where the Hornets played.  I really don't see the "wow" factor that justifies building this place.  Plus the location is certainly more inconvenient.  This isn't NYC with Madison Square Garden.  Seems like a massive waste of money to me.The fans were really very subdued watching the Bobcats.  I don't think they've ever been embraced like the Hornets were.  Thats too bad.  Hornets games were rockin'.  Loud & energetic crowd.  They just sit back & watch the Bobcats.  Yes I know they haven't been a NBA powerhouse, but the support for the Hornets when they were bad was on a totally different level.
4	Spacious on the inside! However, once seated, you are closely snug to the person next to you. It doesn't look like you can get a bad seat...I didn't go to the highest section, so I could be wrong.There are vendors at every corner. It's clean. I think it's a great arena! I'm looking forward to seeing some games there. Nicely located and well planned. Take your own car or ride the light rail, it's easy to get to and out of (although, like any event, you'll have to wait to leave when everyone else is leaving at the same time). If you don't want to wait in the car, walk around Uptown and get a drink, dinner, or dessert. Did I mention it's in a great location?
3	Well, after recently attending a Justin Beiber concert there my review is very mixed.  first off, and of course I understand the issue, the girls had worked hard on their posters to wave around as well as all the other girls going to the concert, but their signs were put in the garbage.  Not a very good first impression.  Otherwise, the place is very inviting when first entering. Planned vendor space very attractively placed to attract attention and lots of sports memorabilia to look at.  We unfortunately was seated in the nose bleed sections of the arena and the acoustics were terrible.  I couldn't hear a word any of the performers were singing.  And I was especially dissappointed for the people seated right next to the stage in the upper levels.  They only got the hear the music, if they could, and not see the stage or screens at all. Thank god I didn't get those seats for the amount I paid for the tickets.  And the cost of a beer, unbelievable.  $9.50 and I had to flag for a person's attention while they were talking amongst themselves behind the bar area.  In addition, the cost of the tshirts were ridiculously prices or it has been a while since attending a concert in an arena.  Which is true.  But the markup for them was incredible, only because I know how much wholesale tshirts costs. The only thing I liked about the place was it is situated downtown Charlotte.  I love the city and having a venue like that mixed in with all the other places (hotels, restaurants, etc) makes for a lively and bustling downtown area.  In addition to it being right next to the transportation system light rail.
4	We came from Virginia. We saw the Time Warner Cable Arena. We conquered the Lady Gaga concert. We had a blast at this place, honestly. All of the staff there that we interacted with was super friendly. In fact, once we got to our seats we had an incident with a drunkard sitting behind us and the staff kept coming back to check on us and the situation - A + treatment! The only real complaint I have, which isn't the Arena's fault, was the lines (beer lines were insane) but hey, the beer is a lot cheaper than at the Va Beach amphitheater so we were all happy. But I'll tell you a secret, there were almost no lines up on the second level of seating so once we discovered that we were golden. The arena is overall spacious, but you're definitely gonna be close to the person you're sitting next to on the upper levels. Also it's steep, as most stadiums are, but this can be just a bit unnerving (have a drink, it helps). Great time, great arena!
3	We went to the ATL Hawks vs CLT Bobcats game last night and had a really nice time.  The arena is simply beautiful and doesn't have a bad seat in the house.  We walked around the whole arena just to get a feel for the place.  You should definitely give a NBA game a chance here.  I heard the concerts are pretty cool too.  The only weird thing was the bathrooms.  Really gross and only two men's urinals.  That is just stupid.  Hahaha.
3	Being from NY/NJ, I get to occasionally experience the magic of MSG, the "shiny new toy" of the Prudential Center, as well as the depths of wretchedness of the Izod Center. TWC Arena does not fall into either category. It's a completely different monSTAR.I go occasionally to see the Bobcats (well whoever the Bobcats are playing). I have been purchasing tickets on game day off stubhub for only $0.50 a pop. So right off the bat, TWC's accessibility is a big plus.They have the setup figured out. You walk right thru the turnstyles and into the snack stands. Now let me tell you, they don't JUST have to the typical hot dog, hamburger, beer triple play. They offer BBQ pork sandwiches, BBQ pork NACHOS (yes, that just happened), Chili Dogs, and so on. On top of feasting on your "soon to be agida", you get to sit in a very clean, organized place. I have 0 complaints regarding the arena, however I'm not just reviewing the arena...rather, I am looking at the experience.It's a little bizarre having such a nice arena in the middle of a city and having minimal fans. The fan experience kind of stinks because of the lack of talented players. So this is the only reason why I'd give the TWC arena 3 stars. I highly recommend going to the TWC arena, as it's a pretty nice place. On my Legitimate Big Dog (LBD) scale, I'd give it a 6.5 out of a possible 10.
4	I have been attending events at this arena since the old ECHL Charlotte Checkers moved there. It definitely was odd having a "AA" hockey team play in such a new and fancy arena, but it somehow worked.  I have since attended several basketball games and one other event here.  The arena works very well for basketball - especially the seats in the lower level.  The upper level offers good views, but some of the seats are steep and crammed together.  The seats in the first few rows of the upper level are good.  The ones up higher are tight.For Charlotte  Checkers games (now AHL), the ice is "offset" due to the arena's basketball configuration.  There aren't any seats behind one of the goals but that's okay.  The seats don't have much of a slope to them along center ice, so you have to sit up 20 rows up to see everything.  Couple this with thick glass that has thick partitions, and you definitely want to be higher up.  We often sit in the high corners of the lower level and can see almost everything (the upper level is only open on Friday and Saturday games as the lower level can fit about 8000 people).  Those seats are $12 so it's a good price for the level of play.Concessions can be expensive, but they will sometimes have discounts.  Checkers weeknight games feature $3 small Bud Lights.  Sign up to be a dd and they'll give you a free soda.  The food options are a little bit limited compared to other arenas such as the RBC Center.  The arena staff is ALWAYS nice and helpful.  The concession stand workers (volunteers) are also very nice, but they can often be slow.All that being said, the arena overall is nice.  The weekend Checkers games are very electric whereas the Bobcats games are a lot more mellow.  The arena staff makes you feel welcome and will look out for you when needed.  I go to events here often so I am pretty comfortable in it now.
4	We went to a Checkers game and had a good time. Arena was nice. Parking was adequate ($6), Security lines were swift and well organized. The staff was friendly. Concessions were par for the course (16oz bud light $6) Seating was comfy and my shoes didn't stick to floor. Jumbo tron was easily seen and the lights and and boards were all well maintained. I'm a fan. I would go to another event at this location.
3	I still am trying to figure out how this arena got built....Yes, it's very cool to have the Bobcats play downtown and have a multi-functional arena, but my understanding is that we wouldn't build the Hornets a new stadium downtown and that's why they left to  New Orleans... then the city decides to build a brand new arena downtown and get a new NBA team.  Something doesn't make sense there....Rants aside.  Time Warner Cable Arena is nice (and new).  Good for watching Checkers games or Bobcats games.  I haven't been to a concert event here yet, but most of the major names come through it seems.The scoreboard is humongous!  Great if you have the nosebleed seats...
3	I've been to Madison Square Garden, Wachovia/Wells Fargo Center in Philly, United Center in Chicago, Phillips arena in Atlanta, American Airlines Arena in Miami but as far as basketball, TWC Arena in Charlotte is good.  I love the fact that parking is cheaper than any of those places and walking right into Bobcats tickets was easy!  It is a comfortable setting for basketball.  Going through the gate and up the escalator, I love the two big screen display in between the hallway that you can see the scoreboard.  I thought that was pretty nifty.  I think the seats can have  a little more leg room.   Other than that, the arena is average looking in the inside and probably would be good to go for any event.  Easy to leave out of (if you dip out of the seats early enough)Overall grade: B
4	Time Warner Cable Arena is a pretty solid, newer arena to catch a basketball game....just wish our team was better! It's right next to the Lynx light rail line so if you don't feel like parking uptown, catch it, go north and bam-you're right there. Alot of parking venues near-by for pretty cheap however I recommend parking at Seventh Street Station since it's only $5 for the entire night. There always seems to be a ton of people working the arena along with many concession stands, team shops, etc. I hate paying $8 for a beer or $6 for a soda but it is what it is right? Lots of stairs and escalators to get you around to the top level. They often have different appreciation nights for CMS, Duke Energy, etc.  Even though it's a NBA league arena, it's eerily quiet in there when the game is going on. Great view from anywhere you sit and I love the screen in the middle of the arena that has a nice skyline showing (I don't know what it is--a cut out, mural, etc.) of the Charlotte skyline, very nice touch. :Looking forward to checking out a concert there, I am curious how the set up is! All in all, a nice, new arena and since the Bobcats kinda suck, you can get tickets for cheap!
5	The Arena staff is great! I have been coming for years and love to see familiar faces. Everyone is great! Let's go Bobcats!!!!
4	HUGE, clean, fun. Yes, indeed, those are three adjectives that accurately portray TWC Arena. I've been to TWC Arena for a few concerts and one Bobcats basketball game - and every time I leave there, I'm always saying to myself - wow, that's a really nice arena. The staff in every aspect have been great - nice ticket takers, kind will call holders, funny concession peeps and more. And, seriously, that's pretty amazing for this large of a venue. In addition, there are so many options for food & beverage. Granted, you'll pay for  - you'll pay a lot for it, but I'm pretty sure everyone knows that going in.Parking is pretty much a breeze, as there are tons of parking decks nearby that will lead you right to the arena. Plus, you can always take the light rail right into the city if you're drinking the Uptown parking haterade. Here's hoping that TWC arena will continue to bring great acts to Charlotte and always improve upon their facility!
2	I love the Bobcats so I am there often, but honestly their employees near the court leave a little to be desired.  They are biased ( who you are with and what you are wearing) they don't have WiFi that works and there are no craft beers on tap except for Sam Adams or maybe Blue Moon. As of lately their large screen has spots that mar the faces and views.  The ticket takers are great as is most of the staff except for the floor people, it is next to the Linx which makes it accessible. Always cops on hand near-by in case of emergency which is great, and getting out is fairly quick and easy..
4	This is a beautiful facility! I had a great time here at a Bobcats game!
4	This is actually a really nice arena!Always clean, staff is usually pretty cool. Gotta love the beer vending women, I always get that real sweet woman, callin me "hun" or "sugar", as she pours my insanely overpriced beer.I am usually here for Checkers games, very convenient to get in and out of. Plenty of parking all around, although I usually end up in the 7th St garage. Can't wait for my next game here!
4	I have attended concerts and basketball games here from every level of cheap seat to VIP.  Service and efficiency are two things I think of when I come here no matter the event!  The restaurant is fantastic, every view is great!  I am lucky enough to be able to walk when I come here for events but there is parking available all around the stadium if you need it.  You can also use the Light Rail if you want to avoid parking all together.  Love Bobcats arena!
4	If you are wanting to go out and see a pro basketball game - the Charlotte Bobcats are the team and the Time Warner Cable Arena is the place to go.  The suites rock. The arena still has that "new" smell.  The games are fun, loud and regardless of who wins, some good bball is played.  I wish the Bobcats would do better and hoping with MJ as owner, we will get some more big-time names to come play here.The staff here is very friendly and the restrooms are mostly clean.  The food all smells great too - I will have to try more of the food next time, but hey, the pizza and beer rock!I have seen a concert here and it is a grand stage for sure for any large act (even though I prefer a smaller venue like the Visualite)Great Yelp event last night and it was great meeting some of you!
4	You go 'Cats! Ok, I don't mean that. Not really, but I wish I did! I am definitely an MLB fan, but my beloved Checkers also play here and I got to see my first Bobcats game on Monday (thanks Nicole!) and I've got to say - I'm still impressed with the arena. Not only is that expensive ass screen still working great and impressing me, but the facility is clean, well organized and staffed with some happy people! Nothing makes an experience better when you get the feeling the staff is happy - and that goes for every business or place you visit!Since we were VIP's, we got to go almost courtside and wow - those seats rock! Up in the lounge I was shocked to find no tap beer on hand (OMB, plz!) but the seats were great and not a bad view was to be had. I am not sure how much they rent/lease these out for but I hope not too much if they're not staffed throughout the game (which is what I was expecting). The bar/grill that was located below us looked amazing - def wouldn't mind watching some hoops from there!I really enjoyed the after game entertainment too - an urban beat band inside the arena near the 5th street exit. Very nice end to another nice night in my city!
5	No complaints as far as arenas go.  I work in the tower nearby, so can't comment as to parking.
4	Time Warner Cable Arena, located in uptown, is home to the Charlotte Bobcats and Checkers, and on top of that, hosts a ton of concerts and events throughout the year. The facility is humongous and generally very clean, even when a ton of people are there. I've attended quite a few Bobcats games, multiple concerts and shows (Chelsea Handler, Aerosmith, etc) and over the weekend attended the NCAA games. This review will focus on the NCAA experience as it was the most recent.As multiple events take place at TWC Arena every year, I was a bit surprised at how unprepared the staff scanning tickets seemed to be. I attended the games on Friday and Sunday, and both days we had to wait quite a long time to get into the Arena. Once inside, it was relatively easy to find seats, and the staff was very helpful in pointing out our section. The concession stand workers were very friendly and entertaining, which was nice after standing in line to get our food. But bring some serious cash - I spent $34 on two grilled chicken sandwiches, one order of fries and two sodas. Not kidding. You may just want to eat before you arrive. That same meal would have cost approximately $10 at Chick-Fil-A. Parking is not really a problem as there are a ton of lots uptown, and if you're lucky enough to live near the light rail, you can take that and save yourself some cash. And be sure to continue to check out the upcoming acts - there always seems to be something going on at TWC Arena that I want to see.
4	Great arena to see a game. Right downtown, plenty of parking locations and the train stops right there.
3	The stadium is brand new and nice.  The bathrooms are clean.  I think they did everything I expected, but only the last few minutes of the game were real exciting moments (maybe that's just basketball).  I was a little disappointed that it wasn't livelier, but I guess you can't expect much more.  I do like the design of the stadium and when you go through the doors you are certainly entering a different world.Parking isn't free, but if you can walk 15+ min you can find free parking.Another reviewer was impressed by the food selection, but I couldn't get past the price point myself.  It's standard practice these days to gouge people at events, and they certainly don't shy away from it here.  Overall a good stadium that is fun even if you are sitting in the nosebleeds, but like too much of uptown it is too new to be inexpensive or filled with character.  Give it some time and maybe a few banners and we'll see how things turn out.
4	You can compare the arena to the venerable Bojangles Arena (previously of many other names) out on Independence Boulevard, which is perfectly usable for a reasonable number of functions.  You can point to the now demolished Charlotte Coliseum, which housed the long-gone Charlotte Hornets.  The only real problem with either?  Neither was uptown, and neither had luxury boxes.  The solution?  This $400 million version, with luxury boxes, that will allegedly spur development (development that was already under way).  Was it worth it?  You make the call.You can look at the location.  Right next to several parking garages, a couple of hotels and even a light rail stop, it is well-positioned.  Yet, just as with almost any other facility, there are backups when it lets out, and the spiderweb of one-way streets uptown can make getting in and and out (if you drive) a bit of a pain.  Any better if it were elsewhere?  Not really.  That just comes with the territory: Put thousands of people into a small space, and getting them all out in a rapid fashion is going to take time.But the facility itself is a nice one.  From the brick facade greeting you as you enter to each level of seats on the inside.  While there are your expensive seats and your nosebleed seats, each of them has an excellent view of the action.  If you are fortunate enough to get into one of those luxury boxes, you will have an outstanding one.  One thing is sure - for $400 million, you do get a nice arena.  Maybe I should build one.  Can you spare any change?  Or can I at least borrow a sharpie?
3	Just this once, I am going to voice my opinion of the Cable Box.  I love a good basketball game or a show.  However, I will never sit in the upper level again.  The last time I sat up there (for a Blue Man Group show) many years ago, people were climbing over me all night.  We left early and I made my vow.  So far, that vow holds true.   I've noticed ticket prices at the arena are much more than others (Atlanta, Greensboro) for the same shows and that doesn't make me happy.  This is the arena we're stuck with so often I will skip shows in Charlotte because of this.  Otherwise, the arena serves its purpose for the local clientele.
4	I really like the TWC Arena and the fact that it is centrally located with easy access to parking lots, decks and the light rail.  We did not have time to go out to dinner before we went to the arena, so we ended up just grabbing a bite there before the event started.  Of course, they have all the typical fast-food offerings: pizza, nachos, hot dogs, chicken sandwiches, fries, etc.   I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich which came with a side of blue cheese coleslaw. Since I don't eat coleslaw, I gave it to David so he could put it on his Nathan's hot dog.  (He said it was good & that it "made" the hotdog).   My chicken sandwich was not bad for fast food.  We had 2 bottles of water along with the hotdog & chicken sandwich for $24 which is typical pricing for this sort of venue. Later I decided to have a beer and they had an ok selection of bottles or draft... in addition to the big-name domestic beers, they also had Amstel Light, New Moon, etc. We also had some popcorn during the show, and it was good - not too salty or overcooked. The staff members that we encountered were friendly and helpful. My only complaint is that they really need to have more ladies restrooms. By section 102, the women's restroom on the main level had only 4 stalls.  Really!!!  What  were they thinking?!
4	Very clean. Friendly staff. Overall great experience.
3	Ehh, I'm just OK with Time Warner Cable Arena...Having the Bobcats play here is awesome, but for concerts, I don't like it.  I know they do their best with the layout for concerts, but it just doesn't work for me.  Pros:- Location: Convenient for the uptowners to get off work & come here.- Big name tour stops- Staff are friendly & helpful- Plenty of food stands- Visually appealing insideCons:- Food stand pricing - SO expensive- Getting through the entrance with the madness of the metal detectors
3	Nice,new, clean indoor venue for concerts and shows. Had seats for the Foo Fighters in section 116 had a nice view good sound also. They have quite the nose bleed section. It looked like they had as much seating up in the rafters as the floor and mid level seating. They had plenty of vending areas with nice choices. I was very disappointed with the mens room near 116 as they had two stand up urinals and two stalls making a total of four relief stations. There was  enough room for a horse trough but the fact that many people would be drinking beer and eliminating it as well must have escaped the genius designers. I was told that the women's room had many stalls..I would have given 5 stars but for this design flaw. Great experience other than this. Parking was in a garage a couple minutes away for around $10. I would recommend TWCArena to anyone wanting to see a show or game just be careful not to drink too much as a trip to the mens room might take 30-40 minutes.
1	I had to drop off some tickets at Will Call.  Of course, I had to park in front of the arena..  I went in to leave the four envelopes, ignoring the people in line, I asked the lady at the window if I could leave them with her.  Her response was they had to be in the TWC envelopes.  I asked for some envelopes and she told me to get in line.  I had to return to my vehicle to turn on my flashers (hoping not to get towed) before returning to wait in line.  There were only two lines open for tickets and/or Will Call 1 1/2 hours before game time!  It was a mess.  I waited about 15 minutes before getting up to the window.  Once she gave me the envelopes, I had to stand there to complete them (another 5 minutes).  The customer service was unacceptable and I certainly wasn't happy.  I guess once TWC has you in, you belong to them and your experience is on their terms.  Once you get through the lack of service, hopefully you will enjoy the game/show.
3	As far as professional sporting arenas go, Time Warner Cable Arena is definitely in the upper echelon.  It still feels new, current and very 21st century. There are definitely some shortcomings with the Cable Box (as my friends and I affectionately refer to it).  1. PRICE - everything at or associated with Time Warner Cable Arena is extremely overpriced!!  Beers usually START @ $7.50/beer.  The food though decent, is also extremely overpriced as well.  Then there are the seats.  Can someone please tell me why it is so expensive to get a lower level seat to ANY event held at the Cable Box? I was recently at a Bobcats/Cavs game a few weeks ago, and was slightly disturbed at how empty the place was.  I was even more troubled by the price for lower level seats.  Its bad enough that upper level seats were going for $40 in some sections, let alone for $80 - $100 to sit in a lower level seat!  WHY aren't fans allowed to move down low in the second half or 4th quarter if there are vacant seats?? Who or what is the team saving the seats for?? 2.  Parking - though there is plenty of parking surrounding the Cable Box, there is little parking that doesn't require you to walk at least two or three blocks.  What's the big deal you ask?  On more than one occasion I have been caught in severe rain storms going to, and leaving the Cable Box.  All I remember thinking, was that I wish there was closer parking!!!Overall, The Cable Box is a nice modern facility, with all the amenities you would expect in a new arena.  Even so, the outrageous prices make me feel like I'm being taken for a fool, and make me always think twice before going to any event here.
1	This is the WORST place for a concert! There was nothing wrong with the old Hornets stadium and our sh!tty city council deemed it necessary to overcrowd our downtown with this hovel. (The old Bojangles Arena is even better than this place!) I would love to see some stats on how many wrecks have occured and pedestrians have been hit on the 5th Street side where they decided to make a 4 lane huge curve. Parking? Hahahahahaha! *wipes eyes*If you purchase nose-bleed seating for a concert, you're screwed. The whole seating-scheme is shaped like a funnel. It's downright dangerous to climb the stairs in the upper deck, especially with the lights down. If you buy tickets, make dang sure that you check out the map of the arena and see exactly what angle the stage will be from your seats. Hey, concert tickets are not cheap anymore so I get what I can afford...and I paid over $75 for a nose-bleed seat! Nothing like trying to watch a concert with a bunch of light-rigging and/or amps blocking your view.Concessions are, of course, overpriced but that's to be expected at these places.Your pal,Walter
5	HUGE ARENA but, dont worry if you have to sit on the second deck they have a huge jumbo TV to show what is on stage. Sound is very good. AC is frequently on and can  be cold bring a scarf or jacket. There is also plenty of food to choose from. Their coffee on the other hand was 4.33 and not worth it but, i'm some what a coffee snob. The parking garage across the street is huge with a fast elevator and was only $5.00 the day of my event.
4	Very easy place to get in and out of witch makes it a plus. Smaller then most arenas but very clean and seats are great for every kind of event it hosts. The VIP areas make you feel like your in a big market arena with the small inside.
4	Best unhealthy eats I've had in a while... And entertainment to back them up. Not a lot of eye candy, but still a fun place to spend an evening.
5	I worked here as the Pastry Chef this season and I have to say the Arena is nice. Good parking around the facilities (with fair market pricing on event days) and the Transportation Center across the street you can't beat that. Now only if they can put out worthy entertainment other than the Checkers.
4	I've been to quite a few "local" arenas in my time, and I have to say I was pleased overall with the Time Warner Cable arena. We went there for an afternoon Checkers game and had a great overall experience.I can't comment on parking since the miss' has a nearby parking space through work, but I can say that the staff are pretty friendly. All the different entrance ticket-takers were pleasant and the process of being checked in was quick and painless. There were tons of friendly "ushers" who were quick to approach you to see if you knew where you were going. Another huge plus is that the bathrooms were not only numerous but also CLEAN!!! The same could never be said for the Times Union Arena I used to frequent in Albany, NY.My biggest complaint, and I'm sure most agree, is the price of the concessions. It's a complaint that every arena in the country...probably the world...has, yet it still must be said. $4.50 for a bottled water?! $7.50 for a plain ol' hot dog that looked like it belonged on a kids meal menu at a fast food chain?! $7.50 for a pulled pork sandwich where the pork looked like canned tuna fish?! I call shenanigans on the concessions at the TWCA! I HIGHLY recommend eating either before or after attending your event of choice. We definitely would have, but with a 12:00pm game and living in Huntersville, we would have either eaten too early before jumping in the car or would have been starving by the time the game ended.Overall, the TWCA is a great venue to attend a game or concert. I can only speak on the hockey experience personally, but I can imagine it working just as well during an NBA game or a concert. If your event of choice is rolling in to town, have no qualms about attending the TWCA in order to see it. Just avoid the concession stands.
3	I recently attended the high school regional basketball game at TWC Areana.  Pretty good view from upper level.  Sound quality was good.  The show of the game on the large teletron was great for the replays of some great dunks and other plays.  I will have to return again for a concert or when the b-ball season begins next year.
3	We just saw "Rush" here and the arena is just OK.  It's clean, lots of friendly people who are very helpful.  I'm sure folks with box seats have a much better time, right?  For the rest of us poor slobs, well, not so great!  Of COURSE we had the nose bleed seats and other reviewers are correct in saying, it's down right dangerous going up and down.  Sound wasn't that great either but good show all in all, I mean it was Rush after all!  Yes, concession prices are outrageous.  Eat before you go, save yourself some money.  If we ever go again, I'll see if I can get in with my little water bottle because $4.50 a bottle is, well, robbery!
4	Very nice arena! I'm only used to going to Warriors' games at the Oracle but i think this was a great facility. Also helped that the Bobcats won their season opener!
5	First basketball game. Came to watch the Bobcats beat the Pacers to start off a good season! They won! 90-89. Friday night- $5 ticket for a 200s seat. Totally worth the entertainment! - Great crowd. So much enthusiasm coming from a team where at first impression thought they probably have the worst spirit. - 50% concession after half-time!!! hot dog, beer, drink and fries for 12.65! wooo- Don't get a sprite! Horrible. No citrus, just carbonated water. yuck. - Free ticket to watch them play against the Suns! Such a long line...- Next to the Hyatt! Easy transportation. Train! - GO Kemba. GO Bobcats! Undefeated.- A local told me that most people dislike this arena because it costs taxpayers so much money and the Bobcats suck, but from an outsider perspective, without this place, Charlotte would be terribly boring. Cheers to the arena!
4	Great Arena!I loved walking in and seeing the photos from previous concerts and games as well as the various food choices and vendors. The seats were comfortable and the acoustics were great! I went for a basketball game, and had a wonderful time!I can not wait to go again!
3	I was about to give this 4 stars, but when I looked to the right and saw Angie P's review, I realized that seeing concerts here has been a let down every time go.  For sports though, it's a great venue with good sight lines, and a feeling that you're close to the action from just about any level except maybe the very top nosebleeds, but you do get what you pay for.The usual over priced snacks, etc, and the beer is about on par with other price gougers.  Eat somewhere else before you come.But if there's a Bobcats or Checkers game playing, give it a shot. Although if you want to see a win, you may want to find another team to support...On a side note, the DNC Convention was really well run and was pretty cool event here, so if you've got something like that to go to here, they put on a good show.
4	$5 a ticket for a seat in the 200's ... Ummm yes please!! Even if the team isn't that good- it's still and fun night out. Did I mention it was only $5????  Cheap date and lots of eye candy for the ladies. I'm a fan!
3	i have been here numerous times and it is an ok arena. Im not gonna complain about food prices because we all know going into any arena that the gouging is at its best. There are many places to eat and get drinks. The seats are comfy and really not a bad seat in the place for a game. Now the part of the arena that I hate, there are no lower level seating. most of the arena is either box seats or upper level.  Also when you leave the arena at night, if you park anywhere close to the transit center side, hide you wallet and dint look up. My advice is to take the train and go eat somewhere at the epi centre then walk across the tracks to the arena
2	Short version: great sightlines, slow service (that could be helped with some simple math), good beer, terrible and overpriced food.I was in Charlotte for work, and scalped a single ticket for a Bobcats/Thunder game. I've been to a slew of arenas over the years. Time Warner gets 2 stars because of the physical set up of the place. It's a smaller arena with pretty good sight lines. I wandered around the 200 level for most of the game, trying a few seats, and all of them had a good view. Plus, nice that I was able to get in for cheap. the game experience was fine, goofy shooting contests for fans, dancers, an area for kids to shoot around, all good side show/additions for a small/mid market team.However, there's a lot that this place needs to learn about being a big city arena, and when you have an NBA team, you need to be a big city arena. The food was awful. I had a hot dog, an arena staple, and it was pulled out of a warming drawer already in package, leaving the bun already in two pieces, and the bag too hot to actually carry. The hot dog itself was smallish (thin, length was ok) and was just really not good taste wise. Also, despite being the only person in line, and 4 people behind the counter, it took me 4 minutes to order and receive a hot dog and a beer. I'm used to the northeast pace of things, and I understand Charlotte has a slower pace, but at a live event, people need speed to be able to get back to the game/event. There was absolutely no hustle in any of the vendors I encountered. It's also worth mentioning that most arenas/stadiums I've been to round their prices off, so that after tax, prices end in 25, 50, 75, or 00 cents. This speeds up the transaction for both the customer and the staff, and no one needs to spend time missing a big shot while counting out pennies. The food and beer prices also seemed high for a city of Charlotte's size, on par or above LA/Boston prices that I'm used to (where the food is much better). The fries I got later in the game (because that hot dog didn't come close to filling me) were rather small for the high price paid. They weren't as bad as the hot dog, but were very mediocre.There was a decent beer selection (being from Boston, I get excited anytime I can get Yuengling) if you looked around a bit, but the vendors also had no rush in serving it. I manged to get one in right at the end of the 3rd quarter before alcohol sales were shut off, but there was no rush among the staff to get through the line, and a few people behind me were left empty handed when the 4th started. All of the staff were super nice and friendly, but there just wasn't any hustle to them. That's fine for most places in the south, but at a live event were people want to get their food/drink and get back to the action, it doesn't cut it. I can't imagine if they ever had a full house for a game how slow it would move. Fixing things like this might not make the team better, but they make the experience better for casual fans looking for something to do on a Friday night. If I lived there, I'd know that even if I went, i wasn't going to spend any money/time trying to get food at the arena, and I'd eat before/after. That's money out of your pockets. The arena itself was nice, I just wish the rest of the experience matched.
4	How long have the Bobcats been playing here? Last night was my first time to the Arena and my first basketball game! A friend from out of town (a Cavaliers fan, go figure) picked up some great tickets and asked if I would be interested. Heck, yes!Mild security at the gates with a few people running wands and checking for metal. And then a ticket check inside. No big hassle, but then we were an hour early to get to the amazing buffet that came with our tickets. Really good food, but I don't know if they do that often or what.From the Founders level, our seats were excellent, just over one of the corners of the court. We could see everything from there. I think that even the "nosebleed" seats would do pretty well here too.Signage is good and there are plenty of helpers around to point you to your section and your seats. I found the restrooms to be spaced out appropriately and the one I visited was pretty clean, even during halftime.Prices. Yeah. $40 for four beers. How does that happen? And these weren't premium pours. Just draft Budweiser in a 20 ounce plastic cup. Crazy!We took the Light Rail to get here. Awesome ride getting in, the Arena is right next to the station. Getting back, I would recommend you pop over to the Epicenter for a beer and let the crowds drain a little before getting back on board.Go Cats!
4	What hasn't been said about this place yet? OH! I am still mad that they got rid of the fried pickles!  They were awesome... *sigh*On the more traditional front, the stadium is aesthetically pleasing... The restrooms are conveniently placed and the staff is generally helpful...  I love that they're trying new concession items as well... There's a new hot dog stand that does more than just ketchup and mustard... They even have a dog with salsa... Loving it... If I'm going to pay that much money for food, at least make it interesting... They also have vegetables... I took my godson to WWE Monday Night Raw and this kid wanted celery sticks... I just happened to look up and notice them... Not sure how long they've been there, but in case you want to eat something nutritious, they've got you covered...Entry doesn't take too long usually because there are so many entrances... There seem to be suitable points of access no matter where you park and that is definitely a plus... The location is great if you're riding the light rail, especially... There's a stop directly in front of it... The Cable Box is also surrounded by lots of dinner or drink options in case you don't want the concessions they offer there...The ATM's are Wells Fargo, if you need them... Most kiosks take cash only, but there are a few that take cards now...
2	I don't write angry reviews very often. I have been disappointed, but angry isn't my normal approch. That is why I waited 4 months before writing this review. I went to Time Warner Arena to watch a Bobcats game with a few people. I was last in line to go through the security check point but when I tried to pass they noticed my 2" pocket knife. The security guard was very aggressive about what I considered to be a minor thing.This wasn't a hunting knife or a machete it was a small pocket knife I use daily in my job. With all of my friends inside I couldn't put it in their car. The security guard told me I should just leave it any place outside, no one will bother it. I wasn't about to leave a knife some place a kid could find it, so I walked back to the parking garage and hid it inside my friend's bumper hoping that no one would find it. I have a permit to carry a handgun on my person in 28 states but can't carry a small pocket knife into Time Warner Arena.Also as with most places, the food and drinks were stupid expensive. I know that this is pretty common, but gouging is still gouging. I have had a mixed feeling about live sports, but I can say now that my visit to Time Warner Arena has pushed me more into the negative side. If you want to get frisked, pushed around, and pay a 1000% mark up on food then go here. If you want to watch the game, have a beer, and enjoy some time with your friends stay at home.
4	Coming to the arena to see Cirque Du Soleil Quidam, this was my first visit (for a few years, I forgot we even had a basketball team - welcome back HORNETS!).  The seating was way pared down for Cirque (the upper level was completely closed off and probably half of the lower level seats were also blocked off), but there were plenty of vendors with food, snacks and beverages (both soft drinks and beer/booze).  I was looking for cotton candy (I have a problem...) and it was $5 for this show - higher than spun sugar should be, but definitely not the gouging that I thought might be possible.  All of the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, from will call, to the ushers, to the snack-peddlers - everyone was pleasant and had a smile and was eager to help.  I am 5'9" and chubby and dread going to this type of venue because of seating issues, but the seats were pretty comfortable.  I had leg and booty room, so the 2 1/2 hours of sitting wasn't bad at all.  It helped that the seat next to me was empty so I could lean towards that, but it was still surprisingly comfortable.  The seats are stadium staggered in a way that unless you have a giant sitting in front of you, you should be able to see.  There are also cup holders on the back of the seats in front of you, so you don't have to put your drink on the floor to be kicked over.Oh... and the floor.... this sounds weird, but I honestly could not believe how clean the floors were.  My shoes didn't stick and the place didn't smell like used food.  I parked across the street at the Center City Green parking deck, which is directly across from the arena between 5th and 6th Streets.  Parking was $10 (cash only) as I drove in, which was fine.  There were surface lots close by as well for $5 and $6, but they were much busier than the deck.  I will happily pay a few dollars more to not be pinned in waiting for folks to move their cars, or clotted up trying to get out.  Per their website, it's $5 for Checkers games and $10 for Bobcats (HORNETS!).  Great visit to the arena, I would not hesitate to attend another event there.
3	Saw Cirque Du Soleil last week and I was happy with the view from my seat... If only it was available when I got there... People were in our seat and I had to wait (while the show started) for the seating police to straighten out the situation... Other than that very enjoyable. Bathrooms were adequately placed along the concord soon fuss hurry to tYour seat, scenarios...
4	I came here with Nicolette so we could watch Cirque du Soleil (Thanks Ben!). And a great time was had by all. I got there early and got our tickets and some popcorn and a soda. The large soda is $7.50 and the popcorn is $5. The popcorn was not great, and the soda was rather large, but I still enjoyed both. We were seated pretty close, and after walking the wrong way around the concourse we were able to find our seats. They had a lot of employees helping people find their seats, so if you ever have a question, just find one of them. I loved the show, it was so much fun! Minus the guy sitting behind us that kept saying "I could do that". Umm no you can't, or you'd be up there and we'd be watching you without a peanut gallery behind us. Overall, great experience, with your usual large venue flaws such as the women's bathroom, and prices, but nothing that I really haven't seen/didn't expect.
4	Great facility. Easy parking. Enough food. Love this facility for NBA and CIAA events.
3	It was in this very arena that I saw Donnie Wahlberg with his shirt off for the first (and probably last) time since I was 7, and I screamed and I am not ashamed to admit it. Although wearing an inadequate amount of neon for the occasion, I was an enthusiastic spectator for the New Kids On The Block reunion tour. I hadn't planned to go but my boss let me off early so I hurried over, got a cheap ticket from a scalper, pulled off a quick sideways ponytail and up I climbed to the highest possible row. I'm pretty sure it was an air traffic controller guiding me to my seat. The only complaint I have about the arena is concessions. I reluctantly handed over $8 for a beer against my better judgement, and they added tax to it.  I didn't even bother bringing a bag in with me because I figured with tight security these days it was just easier to leave it, so now I gotta lug this handful of change around with me. (I'm being overdramatic, it was like 34 cents.) But concert goers don't have time to be nickel-and-dimed, we just want to get our plastic cup full of overpriced, watery regret and get back to the show. Just stick with a flat dollar amount for concessions next time.
1	First off.. I was attending a very professional event that brings 30,000+ people to this arena at least twice a year! As we were walking through the security the guards were extremely aggressive. GRABBING drinks and food from your hand and THROWING them on the floor!! One of our top producing leaders was pulled aside and accused of being being thrown out? He was utterly humiliated in front of his team that he represents as they were acting like he was some kind of criminal. Another lady on our team had some team spirit gear, a flag and plastic blow up sound makers, and they sound maker that was again plastic was taken from her and thrown away. Not to mention everyone there just about had one just like it, they singled her out for some bizarre reason and threw hers away. Could not be any less professional. Then we get in to get our wrist bands. There was no direction as to where to go at all so everyone was figuring it out. We found our group, who was at the end of the line, and because we were not in a perfectly straight line the worker thought she should put us in our place and let us know how RUDE we were being!! WOW. It gets better. Later on that day I went to the hall way to charge my phone (along with just about everyone else). Our speakers were still talking and I figured we could just stand in the hall and look in so we wont miss it. There are curtains closing off the hall from the seats, all of them were open except the one right in front of the plug. So I opened it a little to see it. Again I was put in my place because apparently having that curtain open is a fire hazard and that was "his curtain area and he was told they must remain closed". So I went 10 feet away to look thru the one that was open and the idiot, Mr. Daniel, followed me and closed that one right in front of my face as well. Did I mention that the tickets to this event are $200 a piece!! So we pay $200 to be treated like that!! Everyone on my team (20+) all had at least one bad experience with the workers there. Not to mention there prices for things were outrageous! $4.50 for a small bottle of water!! My goodness.
3	Nice arena. Not sure what a sporting event is like here. We always have our ACN conventions here when in Charlotte. It's right off the light rail (NOT FREE) so getting here without a vehicle is easy. There's a lot of handicap accessible seating all around the arena. There is NO coffee place inside. You cannot bring in your own food or drinks! $6 for a soda, $4 for a bottle of water. I waited in a snack stand line for 45min to get a coke, water and burger.
3	We have been here three times for work conferences over the course of the last two years.  The venue itself for an event is great.  There literally is not a bad seat in the house given the huge jumbotron and the location of the stage.  HOWEVER, the food  and service are horrendous and like most arena venues, they do not let you bring your own items in.  I normally would not waste my time reviewing the food at a sports arena (uhh, it is what it is.  lol)  and I am not very picky when it comes to food at events like this...but this last time I finally freaked out.  I would expect the food to be low quality and over priced, but when I ordered a hot pretzel overloaded with salt and could barely bite into it because it was so hard I stormed back to the woman who sold it to my husband to at very least get some mustard.  When there was no mustard in sight I asked if I could exchange the item.  She told me NO.  and that I had to go all the way back to my seat, get my husband, and have HIM exchange it.  This was extremely inconvenient, considering we were in the middle of a conference and he had just spent fifteen minutes in line the first time around.  Without going into all the ridiculous details that unfolded from there, and over the course of the rest of the weekend, my husband and I were frustrated by the way we were treated...and this is something that has been a recurring theme across several of the food kiosks across the arena over our last three times visiting the venue. I am giving this establishment 3 stars because I truly do believe this is a great arena to actually attend events in; however, the service workers could benefit from a lil customer service training.
4	It's funny how much people love this place now... considering the battle and war it took to get this thing built. The arena went up without voter consent and boy am I glad it did.I've been to a wide range of events here. Concerts, Checkers, Bobcats, major tournaments, the circus. Always fun and there's not really a bad seat in the place.The new craft beer garden is an awesome addition this year. It features local brews. I waited in line for a long time the other night at Pearl Jam, but it was worth it. Pricing is just a little bit more than your concession stand Bud-Miller-Coors. One of my favorite things about TWC Arena is what it does for our local businesses. I saw this first hand as a bartender (moment of silence for Dixie's Tavern). The amount of people each event brings to uptown is a welcome sight for any business owner and worker. We were on a mission to grab food before Pearl Jam. Every restaurant was packed... packed on a Wednesday night when normally there would be little to no one out. Parking advice: if you plan on pre or post event drinks or food... go somewhere that validates parking. It will save you big time. The decks and lots can charge $10 or more. Fitzgerald's is the closest to the arena. It validates the Wake Forest garage next to it. Queen City Q validates for 7th Street Station. A few blocks down... Cowbell validates the Fifth Third deck.
3	Holy stairs! The Time Warner Arena is a nice venue in a great location (oh, how I love Charlotte!) but is it the best place to see a concert? Eh. Visited last Wednesday for a Pearl Jam show and though it was easy enough to get in, the lines for concessions were slow, slow, slow. This was partly because no one seemed to be in much of a rush and partly because they were running out of beer and having trouble with the pours. At one point, the crowd split into two lines for one register (because it looked like there were two registers being served) so that took twice as long, as they were alternating orders between both lines. How did that happen and couldn't someone have redirected traffic and cleared up the confusion? Our seats weren't great and our view was a little obstructed, but whatever. The show started an hour late and therefore the Arena had their house lights on for the last hour of the show. Surprising, my ears weren't ringing when we left...the volume could've been louder.
4	I've been to several Bobcat games over the years but Sat night was exceptional.Michael Jordan unvieled the 'back to the Hornets' color scheme and logo.There was a lot of fanfare but it was all cool. Many of the original Hornets were there, Muggsy Bogues, Dell Curry, Rex Chapman & Kelly Tripuka.I like have this arean in uptown CLT, there are many parking decks and the parking is reasonable at $10 bucks. There are also many restaurant/bar choices near by.The expereince is enhanced by good sight lines throughout the arena and the tickets are affordable for the most part.Be careful if you try to score from a scalper, they can be sketchy, always check the location of the seats, ask what the face value is of the ticket and always, always check with more than one scalper. Don't let them try to pressure with the line 'the game is sold out' because most of the time they are not.
2	Terrible set up for concerts.  For general admission concert tickets, they have the floor split into two sections and make the first people who arrive completely fill up one section before they open the second section.  This punishes the people who stood in line early and arrived first by not letting them line up around the stage.  Consequently, the people who didn't wait at all get the best seats in the house and the people who waited the longest get the worst.  At the Avett Brothers concert, I talked to a husband and wife who camped out since 8am to get close to the stage and ended up in the back because they were made to fill up the first half of the GA section.  Terrible planning.
3	The theme of Charlotte stadiums and arenas seems to be mediocrity.  The location of Time Warner Cable Arena is perfect.  Fantastic job!  However, just like Bank of America Stadium, this place lacks personality.  Sure the seats are decent for most events, but you had the chance to add beautiful architecture and sell a unique experience to the locals and visitors alike.The ultimate fail is the food here.  Holy hell was I disgruntled the first time I came here.  They don't bother to offer anything decent in the first place, but when you find out that some chicken tenders from Bojangles is going to cost you $12, your head may want to explode like mine did.  Get something else you say?  I would have loved to...had they offered more than Papa Johns and ice cream.The best part of Time Warner Cable Arena arrived in November...The Craft Beer Garden.  Only...I wouldn't really call it a "craft" beer garden.  These are local Carolina beers.  Yes, crafty...but you won't be finding any Weyerbacher, Dogfish Head, Founders, etc.Try:  Grabbing some local beersAvoid:  Waiting to eat until you're already here...oh...and Bud Light
4	The Checkers finally installed new boards along the rink and more importantly new glass.  It is similar to NHL rinks now and is easy to see through.  Nice improvement and you can sit a little closer now and still see everything.
4	What can be said about TWC Arena that hasn't been already said. I've been here numerous times for all kinds of things...basketball games, concerts, hockey, even the circus. Always a fun time. Beer and food can be a little pricey but what do you expect. Looking forward to the Hornets getting back in action next season!
3	On Friday night we ventured to uptown Charlotte for a Checker's hockey game which was held at TWC Arena. We found parking just across the street and it seemed like there were many lots available though we chose the closest we could find. We endured the typical metal scanning, purse searching prior to being admitted inside and even though everyone hates these mandatory procedures, the folks were really nice and moved the lines through quickly. Although I have visited this facility multiple times, I'm always surprised by how beautiful the building is once inside. It really is enjoyable to visit this arena! Where there are crowds of people, navigation is seldom easy but the layout of the building and well-marked areas make finding your section simple. We found our seats and I was pleased to see that the chairs and floors were clean, not littered with paper cups or bubblegum-encrusted armrests. People watching is OPTIMAL at this place! There are all kinds of people and it's really cool to see old and young alike congregating in one place. The stadium-style seating makes looking down at the court enjoyable for everyone and there is a large hanging 4-sided tv that permits viewers everywhere a close-up of the action in real time.  We bought beer but no food; one large beer was 10 bucks which was a rip-off considering the beer selection. The food looked pretty cheap and though I didn't try it, I feel sure it would have resulted in an escalated stomach ache within minutes of digestion (hot dogs, chips and queso, cotton candy, etc.). All in all it was a great time! We enjoyed our event and the complex houses basketball games, hocket games, etc. perfectly.
5	I like this area in uptown CLT, there are many parking decks and the parking is reasonable at $10-15 bucks. I would advise taking the train in as is easier in my opinion to get in and out that way. There are also many restaurant/bar choices near by the area is very clean and nice. You never feel like you are going to get mugged or shot which is a great plus if you have a family with you.The experience is good throughout the arena and the tickets are affordable for the most part especially compared to a lot of other NBA teams.  The arena is quite nice I love how if you have seats in the lower deck you can go to a seperate set of food vendors which means less time standing in line! The food looked pretty cheap I had a burger and my girlfriend had a hot dog and neither were great. So that part of the arena isn't great like in the ATL other arena's they have much better food selection! The stadium-style seating makes looking down at the court enjoyable for everyone and there is a large hanging 4-sided tv that permits viewers everywhere a close-up of the action in real time.
4	Time Warner Cable Arena is certainly a bright, clean arena.  I have only been to a handful of other NBA arenas but I feel this one is comparable even to some legendary places such as Staples Center.  Everything is to be expected, such as the high concession prices, but parking is easy and cheap if you know the right lots, I've literally sat everywhere for Bobcats games and there's really no bad seat in the place.  I love coming to basketball games and look forward to coming to more next season for the Hornets!
4	Watch the Bobcats/Hornets identity crisis unfold.Basketball games are great. If you can find an in to sit on the floor club level you can use the restrooms the players use (guys)... Also free food/drink. Incredible experience.Been to a jubilee of different functions here from games to concerts to life altering events (no joke I graduated high school here) ... Great venue.
4	After living in Charlotte for 7 years.  Our first time at Time Warner.  We got to see Cher in concert.  Nice staff they are all so helpful.  We had a wonderful time.
3	We made the trek into town to catch the Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band concert in mid April. The day of the concert showcased torrential rain but the event staff worked to ensure that the lines making our way into the venue moved quickly and in an organized manner.The venue itself is newer, the inside is clean, and the staff was friendly. The only hiccups that I experienced were with the concessions. The Springsteen concert was very well attended and there were some issues with the delivery of concessions including the lines for refreshments and the availability of some of the additional concessions. Overall, the concert was great! It was one of the best Springsteen shows that I have ever been to. The crowd was amazing, the band was locked in, and the entire experience was one of the best I have been apart of. Overall the venue had some issues but none of them prevented me from having a great time!
3	The concession stand people absolutely suck here! Each and every event I go to here I have to just about yell to get anybody to help me! Excuse me if i interrupt their conversation to actually order a coke & a popcorn! I don't see how u can't notice me, I'm 6ft tall!!.....its amazing thou how those of another race other than mine& (coincidence the same as the average concession worker) are helped asap!....this is not an exaggeration!... I truly see this every time I go here! Which has been @ least 15-16 times. I like this place being located next to the light rail though.The hallways here suck& feel very claustrophobic during a big event.... Nothing like the old Charlotte coliseum now destroyed. MJ, please fix all this. Thx
4	I've been to the arena plenty of times. So I wasn't aware that this is my first Yelp review. Well, this is my first visit to watch a NBA game. Luckily, a friend of mine couldn't make the pre-season game tonight so I got to take my wife to the first game tonight. And they were great seats!The new club section looks great. Everything there was good. I can't wait to go to watch the Checkers' game again.
2	Nothing worthwhile in 200-level, especially with children, and lower level too much per seat!Only worth going here if you have 100 level seats, a possible 'ok' experience if you are club level or 200 rows A-D. Thought my $27 seats were a great deal in section 226, row U at the aisle......I felt almost sick (literally) from the height of these seats; it actually feels dangerous up there AND you get to see almost nothing. I was paranoid about my kids even walking up/down and forced them to sit still (always a challenge) because it really did not appear safe up there.We love basketball and were so excited to get 'group rate' tickets and it was so incredibly disappointing. We would only go back for 100 level seats, but I couldn't justify  spending $97 per ticket for a family of 4 for one night!A small coke (about 16 oz total, prolly 8 with ice) was $5.24!!!!  Geez!If you want good parking, the Center City Green Parking deck on E. 6th & the BOA Garage are right next to the stadium and $10 for game parking.  Arrive before 6:30 for a little less traffic, 6pm probably better.  Elevators will have a line going home, coming TO the game you will not wait as long to go down if you park on upper levels (they fill up by 4th level going down).
5	When you come here and the HORNETS (read: HORNETS) win in double overtime with Lance Stephenson, #BornReady, hitting the game-winning 3-ball off the glass like it ain't no thang... TWC Arena gets 5 stars.SERVICE:  Love the employees - all friendly from the store peepz to the service (beer me), to Hugo (that is, if you're on TWC Arena payroll... I know Rufus is missing that).  Everyone is helpful in directing people and they know their Hornet players.  Nice to rap with them about whether MKG's shot is legit.FOOD/DRINK:  Lots of craft beers now.  They even got some Sugar Creek up in there - check it out.  Food smelled great - and I recommend getting the $75 8-person cheeseburger - that's just absurd.  It's gotta be more of a punishment from losing a bet.  Maybe it's a way to draw Adam out to do Man vs. Food again.  So yeah, this place has all of the craft beers and one BigAl-sized cheeseburger.AMBIANCE:  Place is electric.  Came here with a hot fiesty tv celeb, and we had a blast just soaking it all in.  You could see referees that were visibly rattled by a dude losing his voice by screaming from 5 rows behind.  You dodged ecstatic fans diving rows ahead to fight for a shirt like it's a Bond's HR.  That is, if you weren't hypno+blinded by Vonleh's B*L*i*N*G*i*N*G***S*u*i*T.  Even saw a skunk (not real one) get stung by the Hornets!  TWC Arena is a great fit.Now, if someone could fix the loose armseats on my season-ticket seats, I'd be set.  #doibringascrewdriver dmo out.
5	Went for a WWE show (not my choice). Every staff member said hello as I walked by, was friendly and helpful. This place is clean too - the bathrooms, stands, walkways. Didn't go to any concessions but I got a $7 beer at one of the bars.
