4	Zipps is a rocking place with TV screens in all viewable angles. The atmosphere is great and this place really packs it in on game nights like Monday Night Football. Smoking is outside because this place is around the Tempe border. The service is great and the food is even better. Try the chicken tacos!Good times had by all!Check it out some time!
4	The best place still to watch football is at home in front of our big screen, but this place is a nice diversion.  I love the golden wings, the greek salad, the french fries...I like Zipps.Wings are good enough to discourage the husband and son from going to Native New Yorker, where the only real good thing on the New Yorker menu is the wings and very little else.
4	Blue Moon and Fat Tire on tap.  Blue Moon Good.  Fat Tire Good.  Jim like hearty beer.  Why no Guinness on tap?Service friendly.  Onion rings good.  Appetizers good.  Chicken Wings pretty good.TV's many.  And big.  Many sports.  Balls on screen.  Round balls.  Oblong balls.  Men chase balls and catch balls.  Men fall down.  Men throw balls.  Many TV's.  People eat food and watch many men and many balls.  People have fun.  Jim like.  Where Jim's beer?
4	Nice, fun place - good food.  Waiters/bartenders are all friendly and attentive - really never had a bad experience in over a dozen visits.  Big, clean, fun.  Restrooms are big, clean.  Can be bit too loud at times (TV volume) but it's a really good place to go...enjoy!
4	Jim go with friends.  Jim make new friends.  Beer good.  Friends good.  Still many TV's and many balls.  Men hit balls with club.  Balls fly.  Beer.  Happy Hour long.  Not Hour.  Happy Evening.  Beer.  Food.  Friends. Good.  Regular server Elena good.  Very.  Friendly.  Very.
4	Blue Moon you saw me standing aloneWithout a drink in my handWithout a mug of my ownBlue Moon you knew just what I would care forYou had a brew I would dare forFour ales I fell off my chair forAnd then suddenly the check appeared before meThe one I wasn't prepared forI heard someone whisper 'I'll drive"And when I looked the moon had turned to amberBlue Moon now I'm relaxed after my stressful weekWith good times with some friendsWith some brews of my ownMaybe drunk yelping is not a good idea............
3	Don't expect anything too out of the ordinary, but Zipps is a pretty decent sports bar tucked away behind a CVS on Ray and McClintock.  Lots of TVs, a mix of grease and healthy on the menu, shuffle board, pool tables and a lot of hot waitresses for the guys.I have a hard time ordering anything but their chicken fingers because they are extra greasy and so delicious.  But the rest of the menu is decent and I haven't ordered anything bad yet.  They have the Mother of All Brownies on the menu and it is seriously the best dessert I have ever had at a sports bar.Oh, and there is a hot bartender named Brooke that is pretty entertaining.
5	Wings are awesome, great selection of beer on tap and tons of tvs to watch multiple games on!  Friendly staff and great sports bar atmosphere!
2	Forget it! They have some good menu items, but nothing spectacular. It is outrageously noisy on weekday nights with very few patrons. Zipps in Chandler is trying too hard to be a 20-something Mill Avenue bar, when their week night customers are 30- and 40-year-olds. I expect a noisy bar with loud music on a Friday or Saturday, but who wants to go to a neighborhood bar with your spouse in the suburbs on a Tuesday evening and have to scream over Motley Crue for an hour? I did mention the volume level to our waitress and a manager showed up at the table within minutes, but don't be fooled. This was all smoke and mirrors. The manager could care less what we really thought and pulled the old, "is the volume okay now" trick during a quieter section of the music. He hadn't touch the volume. It was just as loud as it was previously, if not more so. If he wanted to keep the volume at ear piercing levels, he should have just ignored our complaints rather than lie to our faces. Drive the few minutes out of the way and go to Devil's Advocate! The atmosphere, higher quality menu, and friendly staff are well worth it!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food8 Service8 Atmosphere8 Value
4	As far as Sports Bars go, Zipps is one of the better ones.  The food @ Zipps is standard bar food.  There are a few items that are pretty good.  The Golden Wings are one these items, along with the Turkey Burger, Quesadilla's, Taco's, and some of the Focaccia's.  The Onion rings are also good and the fries are hit or miss.  Zipps will let you get half and half of Onion rings and fries for the menu items that have fries which is nice.  I hear the burgers are good there, but since I don't eat beef, I really can't say.There are more than 20 TV's at this Zipps location, so catching a game there is not a problem.  The bar area is a good size and has 2 pool tables and a shuffleboard table.  The seats at the bar, however, are not comfortable at all.There is also a good happy hour at Zipps.  There is a happy hour Monday through Friday from 3pm-7pm and then another happy hour from 8pm to close every night.  There's various foods and drinks for the 8pm to close happy hour depending on the day.Overall, Zipps is a clean sports bar with decent food, lots of TV's, and a good bar area.
4	Plain & Simple their happy hour rocks and their nightly specials are the best. $5 dozen wings, and FYI the HOT is like,  "hello I'm going to scorch your mouth and you're going to need 4 of their $3 32oz beers lined up to chased the burn" but it's SOOO damn good. Their Zipparittas are also awesome and the wait staff are all super awesome friendly at this locale.
3	I guess sports just are not my thing, because I am just not a fan of this place really. The chairs are not comfortable the layout is just is not comfortable and the drink specials and selection did not impress me. There was a good special on whole pizzas late at night, but this is only good for the value not the quality. They do have a full menu and kitchen with salads, sandwiches and fried goodies. There are many large screens and a projector for sports fans. If for some odd reason, you bring your kids there are a few arcade games. There is a patio too for those who enjoy tobacco. If you like, a wide selection of Budweiser products, burgers and sports this may be for you. Otherwise, go find a local brewery.
1	One beer. I'm glad I didn't "check-in" here because it's retarded. After putting too many beers on EVERYBODY's tab they wanted to argue about which waitress did/didn't bring us a beer. A receipt was brought out by the manager with TIMES written on it! Ridiculous. Won't be back.
4	Great atmosphere, good food and service. I prefer this Zipps location over a couple others I've visited.
4	If you want a greasy hamburger, in a bar, Zipps does that.  They are reasonably priced and I'm a sucker for onion rings..
5	Best burger in AZ!!! I love this frickin place. The golden wings are bomb too. I may be partial, as I grew up in the area, but damn I love this place. And the $2.50 steins are a great deal too. I highly recommend the green chili burger w/ half fries / half onion rings. Great for a quick bite and great for a group that wants to hang out for a while.
3	This place is evil!!!They kidnap me with their evil blue cheese burgers and their killer wings and I cant say no.  Just when they have me in their grasps and finish me with dinner, they throw a pizza cookie in front of me.  What kind? Ohh the best kind in the valley..Seriously though, I became a fan of Zipps about two years ago from a friend who took me there.  Im not much a sports bar person, but what the hell.. We hung out, snacked on wings and had a few drinks.  The golden wings, I think they were called, were just delicious.  I wanted to order more, but then I'd come off as a pig.. don't wanna do that.  I would then try their blue cheese burger, which consisted of two patties, and blue cheese crumbles on top.  The thing literally melts in your mouth.Dessert...  PIZZA COOKIE.They bring out this piping hot cookie, straight out of the oven, with vanilla ice cream on top.  If there was a dessert in Heaven... this would be it.  Never in my life have I eaten a dessert so insane.I love this place, the only reason it didnt get more stars is that at times it's loud. (Duh.. sports bar?)  I know.. and also their iced tea sucks ass.Im a huge iced tea drinker.. so it's gotta be good.
4	Zipps is awesome for a sportsbar. They have happy hour from 3-7pm and nightly specials from 8pm-close. On the weekend, their specials start a little earlier... I think around 11am or so. So, pretty much they have specials all the time. Most nights the wings are on the special for $5 a dozen. Golden wings, mmmmm!!! Those things are insane! There are 32oz beers for like $3 bucks, $8 pitchers of Blue Moon (or any other premiums) on Saturday nights... $3 zipparitas, $3 3 olives, $3 jagers... basically different specials of food and alcohol each night. Their burgers are pretty awesome, too. Oh anddd pizookieee!!! or pizza cookie as they call it here. Yummmm...This location is bigger than others I've been (Camelback and Via Ventura in Scottsdale). However, the specials are the same at all the locations. The food taste the same also. They also have pool for $1 each game and a shuffleboard should you wish to play. A music juke box with ehhh... alright songs. Mainly old songs but its nice to browse the selection and play a throwback once in a while. They have TVs all around, too... of course. Service is hit or miss. Sometimes its great, sometimes its slow but usually when I'm at Zipps I'm with good company and conversations help ease slow service.
5	Championship establishment here.I walked in with my significant other and was surprised at how busy it was on a Tuesday night. At first, it didn't click but the entire volleyball team from a nearby high school decided to come so it was extremely busy.They have some really good specials, but what really caught my eye was the specialty burgers that are $6. Big misunderstanding, most $6 are single patty and have some special toppings. Zipps decided to do a double-stacked specialtly burger. Yes, two 1/3 lb patties on a bun with some special toppings. We got two burgers and split them half and half, green chile burger and sweet jalapeno. Both were extremely awesome. You can get salad, fries, onion rings or half-half (half fries half onion rings). The fries kind of taste like In-n-Out fries, and my significant other would describe them as being better. I don't agree, and I don't disagree. Overall, good food, I can't wait to come back and try something else from their special menu. The $6 specialty burgers are available Tuesdays from 8-close and weekends from 11-4.The service was really awesome. They definitely cared about us and went out of their way to make sure we were doing okay. I think they felt guilty that we were there when a huge group was there as well. Apparently, they also were understaffed, but it honestly did not feel like it. Seriously though, it was some of the best service I've ever had at a Phoenix restaurant. To top it all off, the manager had checked up on us a few times, and at the end after we paid the bill he brought us a cookie platter (pizzookie, or cookie with ice cream).Now, I'm not a fan of pizzookie, but wow, their cookie platter was awesome. It wasn't on special that night, but I know its on special some other night and at $4 its probably worth a go again. Might I say one more thing about the cookie platter? It's just as good if not better than BJ's.I am actually excited to go here again. With some really good food specials almost any night, I think if I ever run out of ideas this might be the first place I think of. The food is a little greasy, but I think that is expected when you go to a sports grill. Want to lose 50 lbs, go to subway. Props to the owners for such an awesome establishment.
3	Positives: Great Food and service Negatives: The beer selection is insulting. The set up of the televisions could use an upgrade. Plus it would be nice if there weren't so many children.
3	I'll give Zipps 3 stars. Nothing about it stands out, positively or negatively. It's solid place to watch a game. They have plenty of TV's, positioned at all angles. My first time at this location was for an ASU game. We were playing Georgia, so the place was packed. The service wasn't bad, considering the crowd.Their burgers and wings are pretty average. Try the Black & Blue or Green Chile burger. The Focaccia wraps are kinda unique. I recommend the Philly Steak or Monaco. The beer selection is standard; nothing special. A solid sports bar all-around.
4	I live in San Diego, so only get to Zipps every so often when I'm in AZ visiting my bf.The food is pretty standard bar/pub good. I've had their burgers, I've had their pizza, chicken fingers, chicken rolls - all of it decent, but not exciting or exceptionally good. BUUUT, Zipps earns their rating because they have THE best wings in the whole wide world!! ZIPPS GOLDEN WINGS are to die for!!  The perfect balance of crispy and juicy - and the "Golden" sauce, is liquid crack!!I can't compare this Chandler location to any other Zipps locations because I've never been to any of their other locations.  I've been here a couple times during football season, Sunday night or Monday night games, usually packed. Lots of TVs, solid football watching venue.  The bar is full of TVs, too and has a shuffle board and pool table.  Always been a good, casual, and fun atmosphere every time I've gone.I was just at Zipps this past weekend, and I miss those wings already!!
4	I had a few hours to kill and was looking for a place to check in on Golf Channel, so I picked Zipps after hearing that the Golden Wings were "to die for". They were really good - meaty, crisp and juicy, and I found the medium sauce fit the bill nicely. The staff is really nice and friendly and I never had to wait long for anything I asked for. I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied. If I'm ever out that way I won't hesitate to stop in again.
3	My boyfriend's fav.  place and the Stein of beers are priced pretty good.  Game nights get super packed so go early to save a seat. Kitchen closes at midnight which is too early when your buzz kicks in around 1am.
5	Great food, great service and reasonably priced!
4	Nachos were good, but not great.BBQ bacon burger is so good, as were the side of onion rings.The giant cookie skillet is the best, but we were too full to order it!The fries were a bit soggy.  Overall, relaxed sports bar with some tasty food.
5	Golden hot wings are a 10/10. Very spicy! Beware of the habanero!  extra crispy skin, meaty, I have not found better wings.. Monaco Foccacia is amazing too. We love the Jalapeno sauce. Cool off the sweats with an ice cold frosty beer. Happy hour these wings are only $5!
1	no atmosphere. average food. prices aren't great. service usually subpar and hard to get good games on unless they're on ESPN or it's the super bowl.
4	Came out here with some friends last night. It was more of a "let's try and settle down because we drank waaaaay too much at happy hour" kind of spot. It's your typical Zipps. The layout is much better than the Old Town location. On this particular Friday night, the Zipparita machine was broken, so we were treated to Zipparitas on the rocks. They were a little "zippier" than usual, but who cares. No one had to work this morning.I ordered some wings. Tasty. As always.Solid.I'd come back if I found myself in Chandler. Although, I like sticking to Scottsdale and Phoenix.
4	This has become the "go-to" place for happy hour for my fiancee and myself.  As a buffalo wing addict, I tend to judge places by the quality of their wings-and Zipps has some of the best!  The happy hour prices are fine, and we take advantage of the 22 oz. draft every time.The rest of the menu is solid--never been disappointed.  The service is fine and the wait staff quite friendly, especially the bartenders. It's big place with plenty of seating, far better than the Scottsdale location.  Gets pretty crowded on Friday nights and NFL Sundays, though.  Special props to Justin, one of the managers.  He's been especially accommodating to our Drinking Liberally group which meets there monthly.  Great guy and very helpful!Highly recommended.
3	I've been to several ZIPP locations.  ZIPPS has great food.   This restaurant is lacking consistency. Soggy fries and onion rings. A kids hamburger that looked like it was chunks of left over meat.  3 stars because I know what they can do, just hope they overcome the problems they have had at this location.
4	Love this place. Have been going for years. Never disappointed. Best prices I have seen as well. I'm a wine girl. Don't expect anything crazy amazing with wine...but $2.75 for a glass of wine filled to the top for happy hour....that AIN'T BAD! The slices of pizza are decent for being so cheap, but the burgers...oh so good! I'm not even a big burger fan, but something about ZIPPS burgers is unexplainable. I do crave them all the time. Just get the Zipps burger with cheese and half fries and half onion rings. YUM. Lately the fries are pretty soggy. They taste great, but they need to be much more crispy. Good service every time as well. LOVE this place and my fav is the one on Ray. :)
5	Game night, this is the place to be. Green chili burger, medium gold wings and pitchers are my favorite. Lisa is great bartender too!
5	My favorite sports bar in the valley! Their golden medium wings with a side of medium buffalo sauce are amazing! Then finish it up with the buffalo focaccia minus celery.
5	I'll eat chili anywhere!  This day I tried the Green Bay Chili.  I chose this over the Turkey Breast Chili as the waitress recommended it.  It was a little different than most.  I had good flavor with spicey peppers in it and good amount of meat.  I'll definitely order it again.
5	We love this bar!  Service is always fast - the wings are great, burgers are great and my personal favorite is the honey balsamic salad with chicken.  The chicken is really good - grilled to perfection - not dry at all -- and the salad is way more then you would every expect from a sports bar:  goat cheese, candied pecans and craisins.  The dressing is simply de-lish!!!Great happy hour specials change daily plus late night 8 pm to close specials.
4	Wings are great.Awesome place to go and catch up with friends.
5	Golden medium wings, enough said.
3	$3 Margaritas?  $5 fish and chips?  Sign me up!  Those were the Friday late night specials.  I tried some of the margarita.  It was served blended like a slushie in a small glass, but they packed a lot of liquor in that glass!  We started with the golden wings which were a nice mix of sweet and sour.  The fish and chips were very good, and I opted to have them with sweet potato chips, which were freshly made and delicious.  Minus one star for the very sluggish service.
1	Alex, the manager, was SO rude to us last night. His attitude was so hateful, our whole group of 15 got up and walked out, before evening being seated. Not quite how we imagined our friends 21st birthday. What's really awful is that our group of 15 to 20 people gather there three times a month for dinner, which was mentioned. Obviously this guy doesn't care for our business. We won't be back, as this guy seems to enjoy picking fights and arguing with customers.WORST MANAGEMENT EVER!
1	We gave this place 2 chances and both times we had aweful customer service. The waitress was overwhelmed on both occasions, missing items that we ordered. The onion rings, fries, nacho chips were soggy, no crispy outside...the onion ring was so chewy that I couldn't eat it...the nacho chips were soaked in the dip toppings and also soggy.  The waiting time on both occassions was ridiculous...I'm not sure we will ever go back...don't order these items.....it looks like the other reviewers had a good experience but I will not be returning....best wishes...hope your servers will get some help, less tables, more service...
4	Bar service is good, lots of televisions to watch and not too loud.  Good vibe.
5	Golden medium wings are amazing
2	Food is okay for a sports bar.  Not the best and not the worst.  The place tends to be really loud so having a conversation can be a challenge.  Nice selection of sporting events on the tv.
3	Food was okay, drinks were really good! The place was really loud but big enough to move to another side of the bar if it gets to loud.
2	Tenderloin sandwich.  BORING.  Ok piece of meat yet served on a hamburger bun.  No topping or condiment.  Thin slice of onion and leaf of lettuce is supposed to dress this up?  Skip this sandwich.
4	Burgers or wings are the way to go.  Fries are not my favorite.  Has decent daily specials.  Good for kids and we get to enjoy the game too!
4	I can't believe I have not written a review bout this place. I have been going here for years (minus the three years in Denver). I love their burgers, golden wings and Focaccias. You have tor try their Philly Focaccia; "PHILLY CHEESE STEAK FOCACCIATop sirloin steak flat grilled with cherry peppers, onions, hot peppers and whole milk mozzarella." That sounds yummy right now.  Think of it as a fluffy burrito. You would  think that when they hits a home run with the Philly Focaccia they would do the same with their Philly spring rolls, but they don't, they are not that good. Don't kid yourself, this is a sports bar, but they only have tv's outlining the dinning area and of course the bar area, none hanging from the ceiling in the dinning area. I also love that their reverse happy hour starts at 8:00pm. It used have a lot more items, but heck the economy is bad, so the list shrunk. Their reverse happy hour is specifically daily special. Like "Tuseday Specialty hamburgers for $6.50." I don't frequent this location as much anymore (because I live next to the Gilbert location). But make no mistake, I go Zipps two - three times a month and if my wife and I can't agree on a new place to eat, we go to Zipps.  Also, their regualr happy hour is great too. That menu has a much larger selection. I want to give it 5 stars (I really do!), but it can get noisy and some of their other food items I do not care for.
4	Great wings and I love how late they're open all week long. Sometimes after 10 the music can be ear-bleedingly too loud, but that's not too often. A good pic for late night food and a place to hang out on weekday nights.
3	Decent sports bar in the area. They are open late every day which is great. We went for reverse happy hour and tried the chicado (two ground chicken patties, pepper jack cheese, guacamole & fried onion straws). It was okay - the guacamole wasn't fresh and the bun was mediocre. They have different specials every night so we may come try their other food.
4	The medium golden wings are flawless EVERY time we order them.  The Focaccias (sp?) are delicious, although the ingredients don't seem to be consistent.  Beer is good.  I love beer, and they serve lots of it in BIG mugs.  Mmmm beer.  Good.  The taco salad is always good too.  My son loves all the food here... whatever hits the table he eats.  I love that we can substitute fries & rings with a salad, and the kid meals have a choice for carrot sticks as a side- LOVE that.  The only thing that bothers me is being charged for salad dressing.  One side comes with your order, but you have to pay for extra... if 3 people are sharing wings that becomes annoying.
4	Cheap HH deals....good crowd, not too young not too old....ok to bring kids if not on a Friday....foods good and so is service.This is out go to, proximity and prices always bring us here :)
4	This is a nice clean place. I always look for places I can take both family and friends and this once fits the bill. Surprisingly the pizza is really good! Not spinatos or grimaldi's quality but best of the bar food I've had. Thin crust and they have ground hamburger as a topping, yummy! They also have a lot of games, pools tables, shuffle board and TONS of tvs.  Besides the pizza, I'm a fan of the focaccias. Good place to come during a weekend for sports games.
4	LOVE the atmosphere and all the TV's here! Great neighborhood sports bar! Moved right near their intersection and there were always lots of cars so checked it out! More tv's than I have ever seen in one place and size DOES matter here! LOL! Huge TV in the middle of the room divides the place but clarity is great! Every sport on you can imagine and the staff is more than willing to accoomodate any requests!  Yummy food, great service and bartenders and friendly people! Their veggie sandwich was really good compared to a lot of others places for us non-burger eating crowd! :) Cold beer, fresh cut fries and shuffle board! I will be returning soon! :)
1	First time at Zipp's.....  and LAST.  Charged us a dollar for extra Ranch dressing.....  Really????  I prefer Ranch for my onion rings......  Whats next a charge for Ketchup or Mustard?   Weak, Weak Weak!!!!  Do you really need money that badly?  Terrible business practice.  We will NEVER be back to this or any other Zipp's!!!!!!
1	Had heard alot of good things about this place so gave it a try.  Pretty dissapointing to say the least.  I ordered the club sandwich and unlike any other club sandwich Ive ordered elsewhere this was pretty much just a turkey sandwich, very little ham and a few small pieces of bacon.  Arent "club" sandwiches supposed to be tall double deckers??  This looked like something I would make at home.  Definetly not an $8 plus sandwich.  Hubby had a turkey burger, which again at about $8 bucks looked about the size of a regular hamburger at McDonalds.  Red Robin burgers are a million times better for the same price.  The onion rings were soggy and greasy and most of the batter had fallen off.  One bright spot was the slice of pizza we ordered.  Hubby said it was yummy.  All in all this is one of those places where I just dont get what people like about it.  Food was very blah and not worth the money.  Maybe its good for drinks and happy hour appetizers but dont waste your time or money for a meal, there are much better places to go for less money.
1	Service and atmosphere were fine but the food was awful. Ordered chips/salsa: salsa was cheap and gross. Chips were only thing that tasted good. Greek Salad: iceberg lettuce that was frozen with a few veg/chz on top. Ate a few bites but couldn't make myself eat anymore. My son got the kids chicken strips which neither him nor my husband (who loves chicken strips) could stomach. My husband said his burger was fine but nothing to rave about and the sweet potato chips were blah. We definitely will not be returning.
4	Golden Medium Wings. Need I say more? Ok, fine. Honestly, the rest of the food at Zipps is nothing to rave about, but why are you ordering anything other than the wings? If you want something to compliment the wings try the chips and guac or the mozzarella sticks which are wrapped in wonton vs. the traditional heavy bread crumbs. Other than that don't stray.Do, however, give your server a hard time. They're a lot of fun! And do order a Zipparita to wash down your wings.
4	Zipps is a great place to meet friends for a drink and have some incredible food while watching the game. The eating area as well as the bar is surrounded with TV's making it easy to find the one you are looking for.By far the best food on the menu are the Golden Medium Wings. I like spicy food but the Golden Hot are a lot to handle for 10 wings so the medium is my choice for a great blend of spice and flavor.
4	Came in here on a Tuesday afternoon in between meetings with clients. The Extra Hot Golden Wings were amazing! Not your typical buffalo wing flavor at all. Tangy, yet very spicy. Came out nice and crispy. It looked like Zipps had some great happy hour specials, so definitely will have to come back with friends one of these nights.
1	The place isn't high on atmosphere, it is kind of a sports bar/cafeteria.  The tacos were loaded with grease.  My kids were disgusted.  I really should have sent it back for something else.  The "focaccia" is a thick, undercooked wrap.  The onion rings weren't crisp, they were hard.
2	Good golden wings and chips, but the service is not that good.
4	Stopped by with 2 friends to eat and catch up. Ordered so much food that our table was full. Everything was great as always. Medium golden wings, onion rings, and fries are my favs but you probably wont be disappointed with anything on the menu.
5	I have been a regular here during football season, and I have to say, it is a 5 star Sports Bar. This is not to say it compares to fancy places like Fogo d' Choa. But when you compare apples to apples, or beer to beer it is one of the best sports bars I've ever been to. The GREAT... Their Golden Medium Wings are awesome. The Good, The waitresses are awesome. They are always friendly and I've never had a problem, and the Football jerseys are a nice touch. All their burgers and sandwiches are also tasty. The Menu is diverse and always good.The Bad, there is very limited seating in the bar area. There are a few pool tables which are hardly in use. I hope to see you there...
1	Came here yesterday with a group of friends to watch the ASU football game and this place leaves much to be desired.  The service was okay, not particularly fast or overly friendly, but it wasn't terrible.  The food however, was garbage.  I ordered the club with fries; I could make a better sandwich at my house and the fries were so overcooked that they were crunchy.  I was still hungry after the sandwich so I ordered chips with salsa and "guac".  The salsa was generic and clearly not made in house, and the guacamole was half of an avocado kinda mashed up.    They had a few decent beers on draft, but mostly the domestic garbage choices.  If you must come here, I suggest skipping the food and sticking with a beer.
5	We LOVE coming to Zipps for lunch and dinner, but mostly for happy hour! Their happy hour specials are fantastic. I love the zipparitas as well as their wings. Great atmosphere. My boyfriend loves sports, plus the show PAC 12 games and this is the place to watch! Many large screen TVs. We have never had a complaint or problem here. If you're looking for somewhere for a quiet conversation pick somewhere else. Perfect for large parties and sports fans.
2	Well the first time in have been here I wasn't impressed and after not going here for a few years in was talked into going again and since the first time I have been I picked up smoking an e CIG and asked the server if they allowed it in their establishment and it was a no which for me is a big slap in the face considering ecigs are harmless and dont emit a smoke or bad oder. When it comes to a sports BAR I would expect most bars to allow ecig as more bars are becoming e CIG friendly.  Maybe they just don't understand or are in educated on e CIGs but maybe time will change for them in the future for e CIG users.  Other than that prices on wings are a bit high for only getting 10 wings instead of the standard dozen.. My opinion is in more than likely will never come back to a zipps not just based off of non e CIG friendly but as an overall experience.
3	Much like the Zipps off Camelback, this one is a triple threat: Great bar food, excellent happy hour deals, and TV's in every direction. Every time I've been here, there's been a slight wait. Good thing there's the bar area. In case you needed a Happy Hour reminder:$1.50 Pizza Slices$2.75 Well Drinks/House Wines$3 Zipparitas (limit 3 -they're good and strong)/Premium Pints (Dos Equis!)$3.75 32oz Domestic Drafts$4 Chips, Salsa, and Guacamole (classic starter)$6 Wings or Chicken Skewers (get the medium GOLDEN wings)Some downsides of this location are the lack of dedicated parking and the unfortunate patio. The lot wraps around and shares spots with the not-so neighborly CVS. Get here early on game day because it will fill up fast. Also, the patio could be so much more. The TV's were quite aged and inaudible. It is quite obviously a dedicated smoking area. And the smokers are getting no love.
4	A lot of tvs to watch the games...I like that every game day the waiters/waitress dress up with NFL jerseys...The promotions they have for the whole week are good, even if you don't take advantage of them...Tall beers rule there... Wings and skewers is a nice combination to have on thursdays...
4	Good atmosphere to watch a game. Very organized on Sundays with seating. Staff is great about sitting you next to a TV with the team your rooting on. Solid specials and good food. Pizza is not bad, good burgers. Fav place to watch a game.
4	Where to begin. Well, on weeknights there is only ONE hour between Happy Hour and Reverse Happy Hour. I like to call this time "Unhappy Hour". I had only been here once before I moved into the apartments next door and that first experience was less-than-stellar. They had just opened this location and clearly the cook had just flunked jr high Home Ec class. After moving nearer, I figured it deserved another try, if only to enjoy a beer within walking distance.I have been pleasantly surprised. My favorite part is that they have pretty good wings in addition to the cheap beer at all times but "Unhappy Hour". I am not sure if I should be ashamed or proud that every staff member here knows my name and/or my exact order. I come here often to shoot pool and have met quite a few other regulars. We all have a pretty good time. It's laid back and affordable AND I can walk (sometimes stumble) home.
2	Two couples stop to have drinks and dinner. After walking thru a small group of smokers standing right in front of front door we entered the loudest bar/restaurant ever. Very nice friendly server arrives to take drink order. Explains happy hour program. Well drinks are $ 3.00. I order a Amaretto Sour which she said is ok as a well drink. All bars carry a well Amaretto.  Good I'm not a big drinker and we stopped to drink, $3.00.  Drinks come & so does the full press for food order before I took a sip of my drink or looked at the menu. Wife orders the basket appetizer a small basket of fried junk including onion rings and homemade chips. Delivered along with an order of chicken Skewers, breaded boneless chicken on a skewer.  The Basket food was actually cold enough to believe  it had come out of the fridge not the fryer. I had our server actually hold an ice cold onion ring. She offered a replacement order & we passed.  Ordered a plain burger instead and I ordered 2 pieces of Happy Hour Pizza at $ 1.50 a piece and was told it came with 1 topping.  OK let's wrap it up, Chicken Skewers dry and tasteless like they had baked in an oven for days, the burger was as if it came off a chains $ 1.00 value meal menu, the pizza OK for a sports bar but priced at $2.00 with 1 topping, and the Amaretto Sour on the check came back at $ 4.75 and a poor explanation of why it wasn't a happy hour price.  The other guest ordered a chicken Caesar Salad and had no comment. Never saw a manager who you would think have stopped to apologize for the cold appetizer. Moral of the story there are so many places to spend your hard earned money than Zipps.
3	Hey Zipps...Did you change out the fish in your fish sandwich?  The menu says "icelandic cod"  it was remarkably like Tilapia tonight and a big disappointment.  Please go back to cod or change your fish supplier.  BTW, your wings are the best.
2	I've never been to Zipp's and was really looking forward to this place. I came here for a team lunch with co-workers so we had a group of only eight people. When we walked in the place it was all decorated with sports and mega tv's all over the place with different sports channels. We were not greeted at all. Found our own table and we had to moved the tables ourself to fit our party which included getting extra menus from other tables and place settings. So it didn't start off that great. Waitress came pretty quickly with our drink orders and I had the Passion Fruit Ice Tea. One word for the ice tea. Terrible. Did not enjoy it at all. No real taste. I was hoping this was just an off day. Anyways, I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Burger with Sweet Potato Chips. The burger came with two burger. Sadly, the burger had no taste. Bland. Only thing I could taste was the Swiss cheese and mushrooms. Very uneventful. The sweet potato chips were pretty good. Not too greasy. So overall, the atmosphere was great but the food was lacking. Took a while for our food to come out too. So the service was what I would call so so. They did refill our drinks on a timely manner tho. I'm not to sure if I would want to come here on my own again. So your choice. Take your chances.
4	I'm the Duke!!! THE DUKE!!!! OMGWTFBBQ! But no. Duke be not proud. The REAL regulars don't have that obsessive compulsive urge to check in at every little place they just pass through or pass gas at. So yeah - it's the neighborhood bar and I can stumble home from here. What's not to like? And of course, when it's that close you tend to drink a little more - especially when there's no need to worry about a DUI. I have a friend that comes here because he doesn't want to drink alone at home - 'cause THAT means you're an alcoholic. LOL. So he gives me a call and we both come here to avoid being alcoholics. Place is in the same mall as CVS Pharmacy, Chase Bank, and Jimmy & Joe's Pizzeria. As far as the menu - I think their burgers are decent. I stay away from the onion rings though - too thickly breaded for my taste. Pizza slices are decent and so are the wings. Haven't tried any of the salads - maybe someday when that testosterone deficiency kicks in. Haven't tried any of the desserts either - chocolate and beer just don't mix too well. Beers - they have Dos Equis on tap - comes with a slice of lime. Also Blue Moon - comes with an orange slice. Gotta get your Vitamin C somehow, right? Also there's the Zipp's version of margaritas - Zipparitas. As in Zipparita doo dah Zipparita day. All sorts of flavors like watermelon, peach, chambord... Oops. Forgot what the other flavors were... got a disk read error from my noggin - must have had too many of those Zipparitas. Service is always pretty decent. Or maybe it just becomes that way when you start to know the waitresses by name. And they have one of those TouchTunes jukeboxes. Just get the TouchTunes app, find the most obnoxious song in the catalog you can find that isn't filtered for this location and play it multiple times - hilarity ensues. Just kidding. Me do that? No way. Not unless I was hammered or something.
1	I have never been to Zipps before and will not go again. We were a group of four girls just wanted to have a couple drinks. We sat ourselves and the waitress came by pretty quickly. She took our drink order, then it all went bad.... She didn't write anything down. We ordered long island, bloody mary, water, and another long island. The waitress confirmed order by saying, 2 long islands, bud light and water. We of course said no and corrected the bud light to a bloody mary. She left and took a long time for the drinks to come back. The long island was cloudy, my "long island" was not a long island at all, it was some tea concoction that the bar apparently makes. I didn't like it, so I tried my friends "long island" and I didn't care for that one. Sitting there with no drink to drink we waited for a while until she came back and I said that my drink was not a long island as I ordered. She said it was some kind of tea. I said I ordered a long island so she asked if I would like a long island. I said, well that is was I ordered but the one I tasted was not good. So I ordered the most simple drink I could think of. I said "absolute and cranberry" After waiting again the drink arrived and I looked at it and knew it wasn't going to be good. I took a sip and I was right. The color was all wrong. I finally get her attention and regretfully have to tell her that this drink is no good. I asked if it was absolute and she said no it's house vodka. She claimed that I said vodka cranberry, I did not say vodka! I never order just vodka! Gross! She again asked if I wanted what I actually ordered. I said no because the cranberry juice tasted stale and I just was at a loss at that point. I ordered a whiskey sour and she didn't bring it, I assume it was the bartender that did. I tasted it and it was ok...so I drank it anyway and we left.
5	Love this place and the happy hour specials. The shredded chicken taco salad is awesome.
1	Im sorry that I brought 30 people into your bar. Your staff was unprofessional and rude. You are a shit bar. Go fuck yourself.
2	This place is ridiculous.  We have been here twice for birthday celebrations, on a Friday and a Saturday. About a month apart. Both times, out servers could not keep our tabs straight and made it seem like an inconvenience that such a large group of people, who are genuinely good tippers, had embarked upon their establishment. The bar tender last night was extremely rude to my father in law and we won't being going back to this place. If you want to get together with friends for drinks, this is not not the place to go. I suggest CK's in Ahwatukee.
2	My first time eating at this restaurant was yesterday around 7 PM. It was just my sister and I. We ordered chips & salsa (and guacamole) for an appetizer. The guac. was pretty decent, however the salsa was full of black pepper and that is all you could taste. Both my sister and I ordered off the appetizers for our main dish. We ordered the chicken fingers tossed in buffalo sauce. She ordered onion rings with hers and I ordered fries with mine. I also (regretfully) ordered a side caesar salad - which was definitely overpriced. I took one bite of the salad and pushed it to the edge of the table. The only thing I could taste was Miracle Whip. It was disgusting! Our waitress never noticed or asked about the salad. Which is poor customer service in my opinion. The chicken strips were the best part of the meal. Very moist chicken, excellent breading, and great tasting sauce! I will definitely say they have their wings/chicken down. Along with our meals, we had fries (which were extremely greasy and overcooked) and onion rings (which were soggy and cold) upon arriving to the table. Overall, I was not pleased with the food or service at this restaurant and I will not be returning.
4	This is my third time to Zipps, second visit to this location.  It is hopping.  NBA Finals today -- it's LOUD (certainly there must be a movie playing around here somewhere cuz its like booming Dolby surround sound) and the place is packed.  Really though, good food, good selection, good prices, and good cocktails, no surprise this place is busy. Being a fan of Margarita rocks I have to tell you their Zipparitas really are something special.I also like their Buffalo Wings.  Their hot is the perfect level of hot for me too.  Not wimpy and not the acid burning stuff either.   And can't forget to mention that their wings are meaty too.  Gawd I hate paying outrageous prices for wings that look like they came from anorexic hens.  Sheesh!  So we arrived during unhappy hour and got a few minutes to enjoy a Zipparita while deciding on our dinner options.Hmmm, what sounds good tonight?
4	This place is pretty cool for a variety of reasons. Nice staff, lots of sports. They'll put whatever games you want on, at least for me they have. But, here's where they fall short. Order a meal, get a side salad and sometimes they refuse to put it in a bowl. Every so often, someone insists on putting a salad with dressing on a piece of paper in a plastic basket. I mean, seriously. It's a bowl.
5	Best Margaritas ever and our favorite place for happy hour!
1	Worst management I have ever encountered. Zipps is one of my favorite restaurant and my boyfriend and I frequent the one on Camelback and the one on Mill. We decided to try this one since it's close to where he just moved. Awful service. Terrible. We took a seat in the dining room, nobody approached our table for over five minutes. The manager ran food to the table next to us, looked at us and walked away. We decided to go to the bar. Management decided to schedule one bartender while the U.S. was playing the World Cup. The bartender was doing her best to keep up, but she was  slammed. We got our drinks fairly quickly and then took 30 minutes to flag her down to order our food. 30 minutes later we got our food and it was cold. We alerted the bar tender, told her it wasn't her fault, and asked to speak to a manager.  The manager was a complete asshole and all but laughed in our faces. Encouraged us to write a bad yelp review. It was so disrespectful we were shocked. Corporate, please get this guy out of your restaurant.
1	Although the golden medium wings are delicious, the service is probably the worst I have ever experienced. The servers stand around talking and don't even notice when a new table has sat down. Then no one checks on you. The service was truly an abomination. Totally bummed because really...the wings were tasty.
5	We return to watch sports, and eat burgers and wings. Our favorites are the black & blue burger and the golden medium wings. Service can be hit or miss, but we come back for the wings and burgers. Cheap draft, awesome after 8pm daily specials, as well as happy hour. They have 2 pool tables and shuffleboard.
4	When I moved to AZ about 5 years ago, this Zipps was just down the road, and one of my regular hangouts. My friends and I had such a blast coming here on Friday-Saturday nights for wings and Zipparitas, or the huge 32 oz beers that are way too big, and also when craving burgers and fries.(my faves are the green chile and mushroom Swiss) The onion rings are really tasty as well. I still come back here every once and awhile when I need a chill fun place for drinks and food with my chandler friends and definitely recommend it if your in the area.
2	No good beers. Wings are OK although the celery they served should have gone in the trash (like white and puny, way too far into the heart of the celery bunch)...Got a nice waitress when we moved from a booth (the first waitress told us that our baby's stroller was blocking the aisle (we were the second table in the dining room)). Have had onion rings here before which were good but today they had a weird and hard coating. Got a Greek salad which had almost no feta, icky black olives from a can (NOT kalamata) and the dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette and not a bit Greek dressing...I hear the zipparita are great but never tried them...
4	I love Zipps. The food is consistently good and a great value. I appreciate their "from scratch" philosophy. Great service is what prompted me to write a yelp tonight. Kendra was awesome. Super friendly and personable. I've been in for lunch a few times and the service has been slow, I mentioned it to Kendra and she promised me that if I came back for lunch it will be fine. I'll change it to 5 stars if my next lunch is in and out in an hour. Thanks!
4	Pros: perfect spot to catch any game, fun atmosphere, decent food, and friendly staffCons: very loud atmosphere, dark inside, and greasy foodBottom Line is that they are great at what they claim to be - a large sports bar catering to families and locals.
5	This place was fantastic! From the chain and outside appearance we were expecting a generic sports bar with average food at best. We were very wrong! The happy hour was outstanding with prices that beat out many other restaurants in the area. The burgers sounded delicious but we stuck with the happy hour for cost.4$ beers are hard to find in this city but Zipps had them with unique drafts like Alaskan Amber ale. We got the wings golden style and they were FANTASTIC. A little bit hot with a. Sweet aftertaste. Service was good considering how busy they were. We for sure will be visiting on a Sunday when bloody Mary's are on the menu!
1	Only a one star because I can't do zero. Came here with 13 friends for my birthday and my friends. The manager, Adam, promised up a happy hour price for shots at one amount and my tab along with several other friends and was much more than what he said. The new manager on duty said Adam was already gone for the night and they wouldn't adjust my tab. Low and behold, Adam was outside the whole time.
2	This place used to be one that I would look forward to visiting when I am on town. Unfortunately, when it is game day the food is mediocre at best and the service...well it is poor. Our server is no where to be found. Zipps should be called Zapps... When the crowd thins it doesn't get better. Next time I'll just go to Dukes.
4	Where else can you get a giant beer for under 4 bucks and the staff just keeps them rolling? Love this place.
1	Raw chicken wing!!! I was served a raw chicken wings, and expected to pay for it. After having eaten half of the order, I bit into the 6th one and found blood. I wasn't going to risk eating the remaining 3. I brought it to the witness' attention, and it didn't seem to phase her. So I spoke with the manager. The manager also didn't seem too concerned about my health, and tried to convince me that the chicken wing was fully cooked. After our talk he offered to buy my dessert. But when the bill came, the wings and the dessert were on it. I mentioned it to the waitress, and she brought another bill... With the wings on it. I then spoke with the manager, and told him I wasn't going to pay for the wings... I didn't eat all of them, and I still might get sick from them. Didn't phase him. To be reasonable I offered to pay $4.00 ( $.80 per wing) and he didn't budge. My business, and that of my friends, doesn't seem to be too important to him. I paid for the wings and won't return. I wish you a healthy visit if you visit this place, but watch out for the chicken wings!
4	This place has a sit yourself sign in the front.Sat down for about 15 mins, then a guy(seemed like a busboy) comes over to ask what we would like to drink. After few mins, the guy comes back with drinks and asked if we were ready to order. Everything seems normal...EXCEPT we had never got our menus. hahaha... Then we got another server Brianna I believe. She was very sweet and helpful! Food came out perfectly as we ordered. Except for the sit yourself no menu issue, I had good food and great service!
4	Love this place!!! It's has become one of my go to places. They have great choices for both food & drinks during Happy Hour. It can be louder on some days but this is a sports bar, after all, so it's to be expected. I haven't had a bad experience with this place. The servers are always pleasant and the service is good.
5	I went to watch MSU today.  Awesome.  The manager was great.  He turned on the game even though AS U was on.  The bartender Amber great.  We are from out of town.  Great food great COLD beer.  Thanks awesome.
4	Went for drinks and game watching which Zipps is perfect for. Really great drink specials and lots of TVs. We ended up ordering the hot chicken fingers w/fries and I thought the chicken finger batter was too thick/sweet and the BF loved them and said they were perfect. The hot sauce is hoooooooot.... but we love hot. The fries were satly hot fresh goodness which is perfect when drinking and watching sports.
