4	Thought I would check this place out shortly after its grand opening to see what it was all about. They have a lemonheads logo on the outside of the building, which I considered a good sign since developing a taste for that particular candy when working at a movie theater.Upon entering, you notice the vast array of candy available in bulk, including all manner of gummis, gumballs, foil-wrapped chocolates and the like. Then it hits you... it's a warehouse store for candy! I resisted the urge to grab a basket or shopping cart. Somehow, I felt less guilty if I only bought what I could carry in my two hands.I perused every aisle to make sure I had inspected the complete inventory. I spotted a lot of childhood favorites that I thought had disappeared: Lik-M-Aid Fun Dip, Ice Cubes, Laffy Taffy. There were also some vintage brand candy bars that were never part of my vocabulary growing up, but I have been curious to try: Mallo Cups, Zagnut, Clark Bar. Finally settled on several different flavors of Lemonheads (did you know they make Orangeheads?), some Ice Cubes chocolates, Strawberry Milkshake Whoppers, and Sour Satellite Wafers.Wasn't really planning on buying that much sugary stuff (and I'll ration it out... I swear!), but when the entire store is an impulse aisle, you gotta go with the flow.
5	First, let me begin by saying I am not a candy fan.  Chips?  Popcorn?  Nachos?  A hot dog?  Triple-yes.  Candy?  I can walk by the dish 100 times and not feel a twinge.HOWEVER, this place is INCREDIBLE.  My husband and I purchased almost twice the candy we would typically purchase for him at HALF the price of a "mall store."  They have all your childhood favorites, they have amazing prices...  And, my favorite part, it is all family-owned and operated.  They have the BEST service, and they are EXTREMELY knowledgeable about their products.  They know each aisle, the history of each candy... Impressed is an understatement.  Check it out!
4	My wife and kids love this place.  It is truly an amazing warehouse of every kind of candy in every color that a kid, young or old, could dream of.
5	OMG !!! This place is incredible. If they don't have it, then it's not made anymore. They have all your favorite candies from the good old days! Even Jordan Almonds arranged in bins by color. Every Jelly Belly flavor. Even Freshen-Up gum- remember the one that squirted that liquid in your mouth when you bite into it?! And Pop-Rocks !!Crazy prices if you buy large sizes. I bought a 5 lb bag of Boston Baked Beans for $15. They charge $8-10 a lb in the candy store in the mall and on Coronado. This place is so close to me I'm gonna gain 20 lbs :(
4	Opening the door to this place is like stepping into a childhood dream you might have after watching Willy Wonka for the first time. Candy everywhere you look...rows and rows of sweet sweet candy. This is without a doubt the biggest candy store I've ever step foot in by far, it's basically the size of a Walgreens, and carries nothing but sweets. My teeth are tingling just thinking about it. They have candy by the pound (like Sweet Factory at the mall), they have individual pieces of candy, a wall of about a zillion flavors of jellie bellies, and they have pretty much anything you want available in bulk. What's fun about picking out candy here is that there are all sorts of candy you've surely never heard of before, and they are dirt cheap if you buy them individually...we're talking 25 cents a piece or so. This makes it possible to leave with a rather large bag full of goodies for about ten bucks...pretty awesome.The only reason I'm holding this back from a 5 star review is because they really effed up their grand opening. They kept advertising it, then cancelling it...then advertising it, then cancelling it. The first time we tried to go here (made a special trip way out of our way from the other side of town) they were closed even though we had confirmed the night before online that it was supposed to be their opening day. In order to earn that fifth star they're gonna have to show some consistent customer service over the next few trips I take here. Candy lovers rejoice...this is your mecca. Go here...even if you aren't as into candy as you were as a kid, this will awaken your inner child. Something tells me that dentists in the 85224 area code are gonna get a sudden jump in business. 4/5.
3	Mini-warehouse style of predominantly American candies... all those goodies you bought from the ice cream truck or the local water store are here.  Pure nostalgia, and lots of fun ... I couldn't help but smile when I saw some items (Big Hunks!  for some reason, I did relate that to boys)...Just so you know what to expect, it's not a gourmet candy shop... so don't come here looking for a large selection of European chocolates for example.  I'll be coming by seasonally to see if the variety changes... I'm hoping for a huge variety of those little Lindt chocolate egg shaped balls you find all over Italy during Easter...  *cough*cough* ;)Kudos for the rows of sugar free and section of novelty related to babies, etc!
5	We went during their 'soft' grand opening and just on a whim.  We had the kids with us so I thought it might be fun, but was really hoping that it wasn't lame.Nope.  Not lame.If you've never been in a candy store, you might be overwhelmed.  There is candy EVERYWHERE.  Rows and aisles of candy and more candy.  Chocolates, hard candy, weird candy, old school candy.And of course the huge Pez section and the Wall of Friggin' Jelly Beans.We spent much longer in here then I thought we could've on just picking out candy.  I had no intention of going up and down EVERY aisle, but ended up doing so just to see "ooh what's this?!"  Kids go nuts here.  Who can blame them.  Heck, I saw grown men with wide eyes going up and down aisles...with no kids.  It puts a smile on your face to see your old favorites, and unless you had some really obscure favorites (or are reeeeeally old) then you will find what you're looking for.As one who has always had a piece of two of candy if presented, but not one to seek out bags of candy under the influence of a sweet tooth, I didn't expect to fill my baggie up so full.  But I did.  And I only spent $15.  That's it...for all that candy...chocolates and all.There were 4 adults and 3 kids with us...we all pigged out and got stomach aches later.  With the little individual pieces so accessible, its hard not to grab at least SOMETHING and buy.The owners work here and they are a younger couple.  Super friendly.  And super excited about their business, very proud.  This is what you like to see out of owners; pride in what they have worked hard to build.  The guy couldn't stop talking, and we didn't want him to.  It was quite refreshing to see that kind of attitude, and was worth a few stars alone.They plan to continue to improve; stock more, add more shelves.  I truly wish these folks the best, and will be taking the kiddos here when they 'do good'.
5	I had not heard/read anything about this place, and drove by it a few times, and stopped by today.  WOW.  I went to look for Hot Lix lollipops (and didn't want to pay $5 at the airport) and thought, maybe they had them.  I'm so glad I stopped by..  First off, I had no idea the size of this place.   I thought the building had a few suites, but didn't realize, that they were the entire building.   If there is a candy out there, that is made, and you can't find it here, I'll be really surprised.  As I walked up and down every isle, another woman walking towards me asked me, "is this not the greatest?" I had to agree.  I not just got the Hot Lix, but some other nostalgic things that put a smile on my face when I was a kid, and now 40 years later..   I'll definitely be back.   I mean, not just nostalgic, but where else have you ever seen Coconut M&M's!!!   They had the most amazing Pez collection - even some hat I've been looking for for 2 years.  They also carry Jelly Belly's.  I hadn't seen a collection of so much variety since the actual Jelly Belly factory!  Sweeties will and can put that other so called candy shop at the Chandler Mall out of business for good.    Can't wait to go back - probably in 2 days :)
5	WOW! This is a candy lover's dream!  I never did have much of a sweet tooth.  My mom used to eat all my Halloween candy.  I like chips, popcorn, or pizza better.  With that being said, my daughter has a sugar addiction!!  I have to hide anything sweet or she will eat it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  I ration the sweet stuff.  So when I saw that Sweeties had opened I knew I could NOT take her there.  However, while I was there all I could think of was that she would LOVE this place.  So yes, I did buy a few items.  They have an entire wall of Pez dispensers!!  OMG!  I love those darn things!  If you can think of a particular candy or gum, Sweeties probably has it or, if they don't, I'm pretty sure they know where to find it.  They put a lot of work into the store by organizing it all and making it easy to find things.  I will go back.....but I don't know if I'll ever be able to take my daughter with me.....maybe for a special occasion.....but I have a feeling if she knew about it, she would want to live there!!
5	The best candy store I have ever been to.  I can't wait to bring everyone that visits me to this store.  It is like sweet tooth heaven.  My five year old couldn't pick her chin up off the floor when we walked in the door.  My three kids and I spent $18 on our first trip and we could have easily spent way way way more than that.  YUM!
4	Screaming obese kids everywhere sticking their fat sausage fingers in every bin touching everything... At least that was the day I was there.. though I doubt it differs many days.LOTS of candy and sugar stuff... some stuff I haven't seen since I was a kid, some stuff I've never seen at all.  Gave it 4 not because "yay I'm a fan" but because it delivers what people want in a candy store - even though I'm not a big candy / sweets guy. I'm sure this place will do well near Halloween
4	20 cents here, 25 cents there, 35 cents... 99 cents... and before you know it, $10 of freakin' candy all for myself. Dang, how did I let that happen?Easy. I went to Sweeties and walked through each aisle. I like that they sold lots of candies individually and also in little bags or big bulks. Sometimes, people just want a little sample of each (like me). I couldn't help but smile when I saw some of my old school favs: Sixlets, Chic-O-Sticks, Abba Zabba, Peanut Butter Bars, Warheads, Now and Laters, fake bubble gum cigarettes, rock candy, pixie sticks, pop rocks, and on and on and on.... They even have candies from way back when, you know, with the wax paper wrappers around them.They also have a big collection of Pez, M&Ms sold in bags of a single solid color, 5 different flavors of candy corn... oh and get this... individually wrapped jelly beans! How cool is that?Basically, you need to scope this place out for yourself and you'll catch my drift!
4	I really enjoyed my trip to this store, and what a trip it was! The most interesting thing about this store? The conversations you hear as you walk up and down the aisles. You hear the grownups excitedly mumble to themselves, "I remember that!" I even found myself talking to complete strangers about some the the great finds in there. I mean, butterscotch peanut butter cups? SIGN ME UP! :c) The wall o' Jelly Belly's and Pez is definitely something to write home about. Who knew there were honey flavored Jelly Belly's? What's keeping the 5th star out of my review? It's a bit like a warehouse. It's a lot like a warehouse. I think that some more thought could go in to the display and look of the store. On another note, there is not a great selection of international candies, specifically Mexican and European. I think they're missing the boat on that one.Anyhow, worth the trip! Worth the calories!
5	I drive by this place all the time. But I never really paid any attention to it. I mean, candy - really? Is this a place I need to know about?But at the recent OYE at Bliss Rebar, Chris B was talking about how amazing a place it was. This weekend we decided to surprise our kids so we gave them each a budget and turned them loose. Wow!The first thing you notice is that the place is jammed. And everyone there thinks they're little kids. It's not hard. Aside from the candy that's popular today, there are the perennial choices and (drum roll please) all the candy you remember from when you were a kid - whenever that was. So there were giggling five year olds and giddy 75 year olds. And everyone was buying.The owners (whose names I'm sad to say I didn't get) are from my old stomping ground, Cleveland. They have a 20,000 sf facility at Brookpark and Ridge, the largest of its kind in the country. They are very nice and happy to help with whatever you need. Sadly, they don't carry melting chocolate, which would have saved me a pre-Christmas trip to Phoenix every year. But who knows, maybe they'll change their minds. Also, in case they're paying attention, they should seriously consider carrying Malley's Easter candy. It's a Cleveland institution.Bottom line, this place is a must! It's fun and will take you back to whatever your childhood era was. The prices are fair and the people are great.Now if you'll excuse me, I hear a tootsie roll calling my name.
5	This place is awesome..we happened to spot it driving around and decided to stop in..we were def like two kids in a candy store. Easily got over two pounds of just crap and spent about 20 bucks. this place has anything you could think of, things you forgot about over the years and things you didnt even know existed. If you take your young ones in here, be prepared for them to go absolutely nutso! this place is better than Halloween..you can fill your bag with all your favorite sugar and pay for your own cavities! def a must stop if you ever pass by this place. So fun!
5	"So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!""OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and cool candy and neat candy. Lots of it. Real lots.""And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little.  And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.""Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars.  And that was only a little of it.  And lots of other stuff.""Teach?""Yes Jimmy?""The coolest teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.""Would they?""Yes."
3	For being a giant candy store, they had a distinct lack of any sort of imported or really unique candy. Since that was a major reason I went, I was pretty disappointed. However, if you're looking for nostalgia candy or want to buy your common favourites in bulk, this would be a good place to look. Their prices are pretty good (some stuff was more than convenience/grocery store prices while other items were much cheaper). If you've been to a Fuzziwig's Candy Factory in any mall around the Valley, this is just a much larger version of that - nothing that I've never seen before.
4	There is a reason I saw four dentist offices on my way to/from this place. Candy heaven!First off, when you're looking for this place, look for the Jelly Belly or Wonka logo, since those are bigger than the word Sweeties at the front of the building.  Once you get inside, KEEP YOUR HANDS DOWN.  I mean it--it's a must to fully walk around and get a gauge for the candies they do and don't have before you start picking up things helter skelter.  Otherwise, you'll come out and post a review saying "this place is expensive! I spent $80 on candy!!!"  I browsed everything, made a plan of attack, and walked out with $3 of snacks for the week.The first section, clockwise, is a series of your typical candy by the pound segments.  You take your own personal scoop around with you and fill bags.  Each section is candy of the same price-per-pound, so don't mix between prices! When you're done there, the candy by the bulk section is ahead.  After that, candy is offered in individual pieces or in bags/boxes, depending on the brand.  So you can buy one PushPop, or a box of 20...good for snack urges and also long-term candy stashes.  What I liked is that the candy you can find in grocery stores is not overpriced here, so you can grab that stuff as well.  Con: Mexican and European candy is not as readily available...I definitely thought at least Mexican candy should be available here since there is a decent selection of it at the nearby mall.If you need sugar free candy, turn right and head to the corner when you walk in--there's a pretty good selection!If you have kids, give them a fixed amount of money--I saw a few parents trying to reign in overly excited grabbiness.All in all, a fun stop near work.  Worth a visit!
5	Anything that is well organized holds an instant attraction for me. If it is well organized candy, well, I might just die of happiness. Sweeties is modest warehouse in C-Town that boasts a wide array of candies both nostalgic and new. They have everything from bulk to Cerreta's to a wall of Pez. I especially like their system of disposable scoops and gloves in the bulk candy section because it ensures that your candy was not previously manhandled by an out of control three year old. My sweetie and I got about five pounds of a wide assortment of candy for about $30. Rock candy, hot dog gum, salt water taffy, gummie sharks--these and many other kinds of candy made up our purchase. It's not the cheapest I've ever seen stuff like this, but I've also never seen this much candy in one place. This would be a great first date idea, and if you keep a lookout they often offer $5 off $10 purchase coupons.
4	Holy candy Batman!  My fiance and I went here for our candy buffet for our wedding.  It wasn't as big as I thought it would be, but it was still a lot of candy.  The prices are higher than I was hoping for as well.  But you can find just about ANY type of candy ever made so that makes up for some of the prices.
5	Walking in was like seeing a rainbow for the first time. UH-mazing! Every type of candy ever created and more candies that you've never even heard of. Best part about it was that it was super affordable. It was like a mini-costco of just candy. I ended up going twice on Saturday. Love it!
4	This is CANDY HEAVEN!!!!!  Walk in and find all types of candies, old and new and salt water taffy too!!! Pure bliss!!!  I like taking friends who have never been there and listen to their delight when they find their fav candy of the past.   Haven't found anything I didn't like at Sweeties!
5	What can I say. It's a candy warehouse! If you like only the white gummy bears...you can buy only the white gummy bears. This place has a lot of those throw back candies that are hard to find. I highly recommend this place if you have a sweet tooth, or if you are looking for something in particular. They have something for everyone young or old.
5	Best, and Biggest candy store in AZ. What else do you need to know!?They have almost everything you can imagine. Went today & got some prank jelly beans for the candy dish at the office. Never grow old my friends!! Visit Sweeties and put some youth in your routine.
5	I love this place!! So many candy choices! There are tons of bulk candy items and a great selection of jellybellies. I just wish there was one closer to my house!
5	For people like me with diabetes looking like a definite possibility in the furture, this place is Heaven on Earth. I wish I worked there. Heck, I wish I lived there. Well maybe just a vacation home, my very own Candy Land.For those of you who have never been there, imagine a candy store the size of a CVS. With all kinds of candy. You name it, they probably have it. There is lots of bulk, and lots of name brand candy, including candy that I thought you could only really get in other Countries.They had candy there that was discontinued in most other stores, which made me even happier than I previously was.The prices are fantastic, I thought it would be way more expensive than it turned out to be.Let's just say this place is the number one place to go for a sweet treat after a long day, a great place to bring your kids as a reward, and a horrible place for those of us with extreme sweet-tooth's who can't leave with just one or two things.
4	I feel like a kid in candy store when I come here... oh, wait... I guess I am a kid in a candy store! And it is oh so glorious! Every aisle, every corner, and every wall is packed with an amazing assortment of candies. They have old school candies, new school candies, rare candies, bulk candies, and everything in between. There are even a lot of candies I have never heard of! The only reason I can't give this place a 5 star rating is because of the steep prices. They make me sad. So if you are planning on loading up on Snickers or Skittles, go elsewhere. The prices have been jacked up here, so I recommend going to Target for that stuff. But for the rarer, hard to find candies? These guys have everything! It is by far the biggest and best candy store of all Arizona, and I can't wait to come back here!
4	Can we say 'heaven on earth'?  Since I'm basically an over-grown child, Sweeties is the answer to my prayers!  I checked out past reviews before coming here, and I will agree that you should take a walk around before pulling any delicious candy items off of the shelves.  My heart soared as I took a stroll around the aisles and aisles of beautiful sugar-goods throughout the store.  If I am ever having a bad day; trust me, Sweeties is the spot to be!I tried to remain conservative with what I picked out during this trip but was surprised at the true variety of candy products!  I found Red Super Rope licorice (my favorite treat of childhood), which in the past I was only able to find online.  I also found Buckeye chocolate candies which I though only existed in Ohio and are melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  There were treats from decades ago as well, which I was not familiar with, but I picked up some items that sounded pretty good as well.  The only thing that would have made the trip sweeter would have been if the location was a little closer to my house, or at least closer to the 60 freeway...  It's right around downtown Chandler next to a strip mall and when I walked up I saw a couple breaking into their own car (maybe they left the keys in it?), and I'm not so sure about the neighborhood...  Overall, it was a success; I will be back soon!
5	Sweeties is like a small grocery store selling just candy.  It is amazing.  They have lots of unique bulk candy you can scoop out of bins, as well as packaged candy.  Some of the bulk candy was very expensive- like 5 lbs of watermelon taffy for $20.  But the assortment is magnificent.  We were looking for large gummy alligators and lizards and found multiple varieties to choose from. I also purchased several small things as a birthday present for a grownup guy: gummy green army men, wax mustache, mechanical punching glove, sports jelly bellys, big league chew bubble gum, extreme rock candy, candy cigar, hot tamales, and a gummy spider.  He loved it.
4	Everyone was loves a candy shop right? Well this here is the Grand Daddy of all Candy shops in AZ, if you don't believe me go check it out yourself. Everything from retro nostalgia candy to chocolate covered crickets. But before you go there are a few things I want to point out.1) When mixing bulk candy make sure you only mix candy that is the same price per pound.2) This place closes early and observes holidays so if you are trekking here from out of the area you may want to call ahead for the hours. 3) Do NOT go here hungry- everything and I mean everything will look good. 4) Parking can be a little tight but no need to freak out there's parking behind the store too; just don't exit out of the Rally's side otherwise you will be stuck ordering a burger from the drive through.
5	Every lost candy I thought I would never find again sitting in bins or bagged up ready for purchase.
5	Best selection!And if you remember an obscure candy from "the good old days" they likely have it!
5	Love this place! It always has any kind of candy you could ever want! It has nerd ropes, candies from the 50's ect. This store is the type of place that is made out of dentists nightmares.
5	Now I fully understand the term "kid in a candy store." My eyes glazed over in sweet joy the moment I stepped foot through the doors of Chandler's candyland. Everywhere I turned, I was welcomed by rows and rows of different types of candy. Whether it was individual bins to scoop up a bagful, rows of bulk candy in every shape and size or novelty candy perfect for a birthday party, this store has it all! I am getting married in April and my dream has always been to have a candy buffet, so I stopped by Sweeties today to do some information gathering. I ended up ordering a local candy for my welcome bags and I now have a good idea about what I will do for my candy buffet. I will be back in March to purchase the candy buffet items. In the meantime, I couldn't leave without a bagful of my favorite sweet treats! The prices are reasonable and it's very clean! They have individually wrapped scoopers that you unwrap and use during your visit. Absolutely genius!
5	This place is heaven! Out here, visiting my brother, and he recommended this place out.  I am not the biggest fan of candy, but my brother told me it was impossible to not find anything you like.  Boy... was he right! I walked in here and my jaw dropped... This place is the Coscto/Sams Club of candy.  I could not believe the aisles of candy that I saw. I did not know where to start.  When I was looking around, I found so much candy from my childhood, that I had not seen in years. It was so hard not to put a little bit of everything in my bag. Another thing that is also nice about this place is that it is reasonably priced too.  Even, by the pound, was quite inexpensive. I found that I could get more of the different types of candy that I wanted without breaking the bank. My wife and I ended up dropping almost $60, but that was because we couldn't help ourselves with all the different types of candy we kept stuffing in our bag. I can't wait to come back out to Arizona again so I can hit up Sweeties Candy of Arizona!
5	I WANT CANDY!!! Yes, I'm that girl; the girl who's first words included candy, who was bribed with and build on the sweet sugary goodness of coveted confections as a kid. I love it! Over the years I have maintained my love of all things Wonkafied but alas, I have also become some what of a candy snob. It must be high quality and it must be fresh!! I am so sick of stale skittles and rock hard gummies, so when I opened my first piece of candy from Sweeties, felt my jaw sink smoothly into the caramel nougat of the Bit-O-honey, I knew I was dealing with the Kings of Candyland! I then devoured a bag of delicious rope licorice, attacked the juiciest Cherry Slice jujubes and finished with heavenly Mary Janes.Sweeties has so many candies that I had never seen before, ones I had not seen since childhood and a few rarities from decades ago that I didn't know existed anymore. I am still marvelling at this confectionery paradise almost 2 weeks later! I can't wait to come back to Arizona to fill up a suitcase! This is a destination of desires people, pull out your inner child and treat them to a day that will not disappoint!
5	This place is a jam packed, hardcore candy warehouse.  It's not cutsey and it doesn't have playful little candy displays, but they have almost any candy you can imagine or remember from your days past.  Racks, bins and shelves stacked with taffies, Moonpies, chocolates galore, novelty candies, candy sticks, jelly beans, bubble gums, pinwheel suckers, malted candies, sugar free stuff, gummie thingies, wax lips, licorice whips, etc..   You having a candy bar at your wedding or party?  You are gonna wanna come here FIRST, just trust me on this.  The prices are fair and the staff is very nice and they offer a punch card to customers for repeat visits.  SCORE!  This *is* Candy Mecca and I honestly make a sacred pilgrimage here at least once a year.
5	Can you believe this place! Awesome, like an adult Candy store!!Everything you could ever want for any type of party or event is at this store.The candy choices are unreal! I mean anything you could want.Even Candy you do not think they make any more at all.As Monica O.put it Candy Heaven and so it is.It is so worth it just to go here and see all the great things that they have to offer.Even sugar free candy. Love this store!
5	This place owes me money! I mean, serious kickbacks!I learned of Sweeties at the fantastic Yelp event at Ft. McDowell Adventures in March. I ate a candy, grabbed a bag of candy, and won a $10 gift card in their "Plinko"-esque game.Since I rarely make the trip to the east Valley, and I don't each much candy, I gave the gift card to a coworker. She came to work the next week, glassy eyed and sugar rushed and sharing candy left and right! She admitted she was overwhelmed upon walking in - she really had no idea there could be so much candy in once place.Yeah. She's right. The place is HUGE. And overwhelming. And So.Much.Fun! It's impossible not to be in a good mood here - and it's impossible to only buy what you were planning when you came in.Well, the first coworker I sent in now makes Sweeties a regular part of her shopping routing. She told another gal at work who lives in Anthem. (I didn't tell her about it, or give her the gift card - as Anthem is just so far!) Well, last weekend my coworker who lives way up north happened to make a trek to the east part of town. And happened to add Sweeties to her list of stops. While in sugary nirvana, someone called her name. Yup - it was the other coworker - the one I first told about Sweeties in March. I think she lives in there now. So - thanks to Yelp  - not only have I found a sugary place of goodness, I have turned at least one and possibly two coworkers into regular customers. Yeah - I want a finders' fee. I will keep sending people in, I will continue to enable and encourage addictions (including my own from time to time), and Sweeties can pay me off in future dental work! So worth it!
5	This place is awesome! I visited the shop after seeing it in passing a few times. Any candy you could possibly ever want is here. No joke. Friendly atmosphere and more candy than anyone would know what to do with. It is like a candy wonderland!
4	It's pricey. You can certainly get the ordinary candy cheaper elsewhere, but it is worth the visit to get the hard to find items or the items that are older from your childhood (if you were born in the 70s like me). They even have candy from my parents' childhood! So, I would recommend it highly for those items.
4	Sweeties isn't a candy store, it's a candy warehouse. Pretty much any kind of candy you're looking for they have it - even some "vintage" candy. Gummies? Yes. Chocolate bars? Of course. Candy cigarettes? No problem. Suckers with scorpions inside? They have those too. The boyfriend and I went there looking for a chocolate orange but walked out with a ton of candy we couldn't resist - a load of gummies, gum, chocolate, nougat jellies - my sweet tooth was overloaded with excitement.This would be a great place if you had to buy candy in bulk as it seemed much cheaper than most candy stores. Plus it's family owned and it's always good to go local!
4	This store has everything!! I was in heaven. We ended up with a huge bag full of goodies and only spent $35. It was a steal for all those goodies that you can't find anywhere else. I stayed away from the unwrapped bulk candy because there were some children sticking their hands in it...ewwwMy only complaint is there was a lack of customer service. We weren't greeted or asked if we needed help finding anything. It was a little unnerving because there were employees on the sales floor.
5	SO MUCH CANDY.It's the size of a walgreens, and it has every brand and flavor of candy they can still order today, small quantities and bulk.I think I have diabetes now and I don't even care.
5	I showed my students pictures of Sweeties and told them I was going to go there and buy individually wrapped candy for them as rewards. They now want to take a field trip here hehe. When my roommate and I went there the first time to check it out, I about freaked out when I saw they carried a candy I haven't seen since my childhood ((Black Cows)). Heading there tomorrow to restock my supply of black cows LoL. Love this place!!
5	They have any kind of candy you would ever want! Last time I was here I saw chocolate covered grass hoppers lol!
4	We stopped in just to check things out. Huge selection of candies.  Many things brought back memories of the younger days.  If your looking for the unusual or looking for bulk, definitely worth the visit. Would watch the prices on some of the normal candy bars. I am not sure that the bulk pricing on these items are worth it. Wal-Mart, Sam's Club offer much better.  But if you want the unusual or the candy you remember as a kid, stop in.
5	Candies! Who's not rating them a 5?? Its a family owned giant candy store filled with any kind of candy you could ask for, including some old school classics.You go in thinking you'll spend $10 at most but walk out with a least double that. My goodness.. I'm looking at jelly belly and chupa chops from my latest visit right now. This is not a store to go to for your average everyday candy like Snickers, Twix, etc. This is a SPECIALTY store. If you want a Snickers bar, go to Circle K. Go to sweeties for the ones you won't find there.Now go away while I munch on buttered popcorn jelly belly, =)
5	So many choices ! :D can't stay away for too long ! They have really cool old fashion candy too ! So fun !! :)
5	Totally worth the five stars!! I like "It's Sugar", but this place has them beat hands down. Unbelievably wide assortment, including all the classics we grew up on. Diabetes here I come;-)
5	Let me first clarify that I'm not a candy eater. For some reason I don't drool over candy or sweets. Despite this disclaimer, my mouth formed an "O" and my brain went into candy freeze when I walked through the door and saw the rows and rows of just candy, in all shapes, sizes, and flavors and yes, I felt giddy since unlike I was little were I was a child whose parents didn't ever buy me any candy, I was a grown up with my own credit card!  So despite the fact that I don't really like or eat candy, I shopped till my heart's content buying all kinds of candy~ little pieces, big bars, one in each flavor, candies I've wanted to try. It was simply fun to indulge myself. And who ended up the happiest in the world~ my hubby and son who of course got to enjoy the bounty of my purchase since they, needless to say, LOVE candy!!!!  This place is a hidden gem and a must go to for all candy lovers- grown up and kids alike!!!
5	This store saves my marriage. Without it, I would be divorce.  It's the greatest place in the world.  It's better than "Sugar Factory", hands down.  I buy candy from this store at lest 2 a month.Not open on Sundays, but that's ok.  If you want candy, this is the place to run to.
5	Like someone commented "turn into a 5 year old" is so true!  Brings back some really good memories of going to the penny candy store in my youth.  When I brought my 87 year old dad in, his eyes got big and said "where do I start"?!  That was my reaction the first time, too.  And the staff is always so friendly they make it even more fun to shop there!
5	I can't imagine anything less than 5 starts. It's all here. It's right around the corner for me and when they opened I wasn't sure if I was more excited for me or my daughter. It truly is a feast for the eyes and tummy. Thanks for picking Chandler!
4	I found candies here that I hadn't seen since childhood!  Really fun to wonder this store!!  So delightful - but, cannot seem to leave without spending a chunk of change. Always worth it.
3	Sugar Rush! This place has bulk candy as well as individual items. It also has some of the hard to find retro candy & they started recently carrying some european candy too.Try the Cadbury's Flake or the Cadbury's Crunchie both are delightful!
5	Awesome store. They have a ton of candy and the store is always clean. They close at 7pm which is the only thing about them that bothers me.
5	THAT PLACE IS AWESOME!!! It might have one of the biggest selections of candy in the whole world!
5	Gotta love Sweeties, every candy you can think of in one place.  In this stop,  I found some cinnamon tooth picks,  somthing me and my friends used to make as kids.... Really brought back some great memories.   Also bought an Abba Zabba bar,  a big hunk,  and a Clark bar to complete my childhood candy fantasy journey.  I took my 11 year old daughter,  but apparently she didn't share my affinity for cinnamon toothpicks.   Oh well...she still got enough stuff to make our next trip to the dentist worthwhile.   Oh BTW make sure you check in,  they have some great coupons.
5	Awesome. What a great candy store. It's huge!There's a few bins of loose candy you can mix and match. They have your standard selection. After that, you begin the long, wonderful trek up and down each aisle jam packed with candies we're all familiar with (AirHeads, Nerds, chocolate coins) and other more exotics I haven't seen before. You can buy bulk (a huge case of cherry only AirHeads? YES!), or you can buy a handful (just a couple Kazoozles for me).There is a nice little section of international candy, too. I was happy to pick up a Cadbury's Flake bar and a fruit and nut bar. The staff are also really knowledgeable about the different candies, which is awesome. I left with way more than what I needed. I can't wait to go back.
5	I'm not a huge candy fan but coming in here was just exciting.  They have every kind of candy you can imagine.  5 stars for doing a candy store right.
4	Oh so heavenly sweet, come and pick your treats. This is a throw back to your youth. I bought some big Chew, Bubble Gum Cigs and some assortment of goodies. I'll be zooming around with all this sugar....
4	"Candy is nature's way of making up for Mondays."What's better than a kid in a candy store?  An adult with dental insurance, a paycheck, and a credit card in a candy store!  Woo!  I was at Rally's one day reliving my childhood of what was once the best fries ever when I decided I'll stop into Sweeties.  I've always seen this behemoth of a shop but never strolled in.  I figured it was just another store filled with stale overpriced candy.  Boy was I wrong.  As soon as I walked in, I was in awe.  Not the jaw-dropping kind of awe but the pee-in-my-pants kind of awe.  There were shelves upon shelves of different kind of candy.  Lots of retro brands, hard-to-find and somewhat extinct candies, and imported sweets.  I nibbled on a few pieces of candy and left with a bag full of soon-to-be cavities.  My dentist will be going on another abroad vacation soon, funded by Joyce W.  You're welcome, Dr. Reidhead!Join us in Sweeties Paradise, leave feeling just a little ashamed of yourself, then eat some candy because life's too short and  you can hate yourself later.
5	I died and gone to candy heaven! I wish we had this store in San Diego! They have a huge selection of the older ice cream truck candies to the the current candies. They also carry the cute little fan candy holders and various toys.Of course I had to purchase something before my departure, on top of that, their yelp offers a candy bar value at .99 cents... now who doesn't like a free candy bar?
5	fantastic selection!  all time favorites plus a whole lot more!chocoholics taste the sweetness @ sweeties!
5	Amazing selection! needed specific candies for my son's b day party and they had everything I needed.
5	The place is amazing. They have every type of candy you can think of, and the prices are extremely fair.
4	This is truly candy heaven.  I have driven by this place at least a thousand times but never really had a reason to stop in.  But I have been planning a baby shower and wanted to do some fun things for the dessert part of my party.  So I decided to stop in finally and take a look around.  Goodness where do we start. When you walk in, immediately to your left are all the bulk bins.  These are two walls dedicated to bulk candy.  They even have different colored M & Ms in bulk too.  But they don't actually say M & M on them.  They also have a wall of salt water taffy.  I had my husband with me and he's a big taffy lover.  So when he saw that he was thrilled.  Normally he gets his taffy out by the nuclear plant when he's working out on the other end of Phoenix.   Salt water taffy was $4.99/lbIn the middle there is so much candy to choose from.  They have a rock candy section as well and then candy from today and the hard to find "classics"   On the other side of the registers they have a Jelly Belly wall.  All kinds of different flavors and jeweled tone colors as well.  This was a perfect place for me to go and the little added extra touches I needed for my party.  I'm really glad I found it.  Jelly Belly's were $7.97/lb
4	I have never seen so much candy under one roof.  I must admitt when it opened I never thought it would last but there must be more sweet lovers than i thought.
5	Such a fun candy store!  This store has all your favorite candies from back in the day to the latest and greatest.  My boys absolutely fell in love with the candy Legos.  I have had fun purchasing some of my old favorites and having the kids try them out!  The owner is always very pleasant while we are there too
5	I love this candy store! If you love candy and a large variety, this is heaven!
