5	A new, wine bar has just opened on Central Avenue. "Timo" occupies a storefront that used to house a firestation (Bomberos). The bruschetta was amazing. The server informed us that all breads are baked fresh in-house daily. The ambiance was lovely and the decor was contemporary. They have a unique wine list. I tried the wood fired sandwich with copa, prosciutto and brie cheese. My wife had the lemon oregano chicken. We finished dinner with the chocolate creme brulee with brandied cherries. All in all a memorable atmosphere.
5	Amazing food! The sangria is delicious! You defiantly should try the cheese of the day, I usually dont like cheese but theirs is to die for! I love the decor and how you can actually see them cook food on the wood fire oven! Great spot to kick back and relax! I love it! Also if you like champagne defiantly try the mimosa flight for brunch! Yum!
5	We really enjoyed our wine and appetizers on Timo's back patio. It was the night of the Sunnyslope Art Walk and they were slammed with people. After a reasonable wait, we had a very helpful server, great bottle of wine (Snapdragon Pinot Noir) and appetizers (try the warm fig and prosciutto - so good!). We will definitely be back to support this gem in our neighborhood...
2	We were there Saturday night during the Sunnyslope Art Walk and experienced just a 25 minute wait for four for seating on the patio. Don't enter from the street, because the woman behind the bar did not nicely tell me to see the hostess on the other side. Don't put yourself through that--just enter from the parking lot/patio side.Having said that, the patio was gorgeous. There's a nice fire pit, lots of little seating areas, and gorgeous old trees and vines.The service, on the other hand, was pretty terrible. The sweet, young hostess tried her best to get us served, but it was futile. We sat at a dirty table for 10 min. or so. Then sat another 15 before she got a waitress for us. Our meals came out in a timely manner, but we had to ask for more water, ask for the the wine menu, etc. We got so tired of waiting we decided against another round and dessert. What surprised me the most was that there seemed to be no one experienced supervising a really young staff. No one (like a manager or owner) came through to check on tables or apologize for the wait at the table and lack of service.The food was a bit better. My girlfriend had the BLT and chips. The sandwich was large and a bit charred but she said it was great. I had the bruschetta. I highly recommend the spicy copa and pesto, which was excellent. I'd pass on the brie, apple and figs, as the figs were terribly bitter and the over-sauced bread quickly became soggy.The wine and beer lists were reasonably priced for by the glass or bottle.We're hoping they improve on service for our next visit. It smelled so good that we'd like to give them another shot. I just hope it wasn't actually the Little Caesar's nearby...
5	My girlfriend and I hit up Timo last night for a girl date, and we had a great time! It was a Friday night about 8pm and we only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table to get cleared and set. The hostess was polite and friendly and the place looked great on first glance, very classy. We sat outside on the patio since the weather was so good. Desert landscaping and loungey type chairs surrounding smaller two-person tables make for a comfy, relaxed atmosphere, very chill and laid back without being slouchy. There are a few fire pits to sit around as well surrounded by more comfy chairs. Inside, it's a little bit more formal. Since we were there at night, there were candles on all the tables and the lights were dimmed. Very sexy, I loved it! The entire restaraunt is open air, so there was a nice breeze keeping things light in there. The wine list is pretty decently sized, especially if you like red wines. I had a Riesling and my pal opted for the peach sangria (also amazing!). They also  have a decent selection of beer and cocktails if that's your thing. If you're there mostly to have wine and less for the food, try the appetizers to share on the right side of the  menu. We had the "artisan cheese board". It's just enough to nosh on for two people, and who doesn't love cheese? It comes with three kinds of cheese, some bread and crackers, a variety of nuts and some fig jam that's REALLY good. Try the brie and fig jam together. Thank me later. ;) If you're there for actual food, they've got a good sized selection of entree-sized options as well as tapas and other appetizers if you're not a big eater. It's all moderately prized at about $8 up to $15 for bigger meals. The desert menu is limited at about three options, but they're all amazing. My friend had the creme brulee and I had the tiramisu. The server brings out the creme brulee and proceeds to give you a little show with a cauterizing gun  to caramelize the top of the desert. One bought from the Home Depot.  It's kind of a nice veer from the classy atmosphere of the place!  ala "And now, enough pomp and circumstance! Let me blowtorch your desert for you."  The tiramisu doesn't disappoint either. Just big enough to top off your meal, light and creamy, and by the time you get to the bottom of the wine glass it's served in, you've got another nice buzz working up. All in all, for two people to share a snack, four drinks and two deserts, the bill came to about $64 plus tip. A little pricey maybe, but you're not getting Chili's type food and drink here, either. If you've got the budget to blow and want a smart, nonfussy (or snobby) wine bar to chill at... this might be worth a look. As an added plus, the people watching is great here, too ;)
5	I had a wonderfully lazy day-drinking lunch on the patio here last Sunday. Just thinking about it has me licking my fingers and smacking my lips  in memory of juicy figs and triple cream brie bruschetta... nom nom nom nom... why can't every day be Sunday afternoon???Timo's menu is a fantastic blend of shared dishes, flatbreads, and sandwiches, with brunch offerings on Sat/Sun. I can't wait to return and try the lamb chops, mussels ceviche, and foie gras with fig jam. Their wine and beer list? Don't get me started. It is fab-yoo-luss. Fans of the former Bomberos will be pleased to see the interior is even snazzier with rich chocolate brown chairs and white leather banquettes- and a wood burning oven! The dog-friendly patio is mostly unchanged and just about perfect. Intimate and casual-cool, Timo is an ideal spot for a date, catching up with friends, or enjoying an ale outside with the ol' laptop (they have wi-fi!). Notice 'a great place to bring children' didn't make the list. Just saying:)
5	We just got home from a great evening on the patio at Timo Wine Bar.  Totally enjoyable, nearly magical, atmostphere....large canopied mesquite trees, comfortable seating, and a big fire pit to center it all.  We breezed through the indoors just to check it out and it was very classy and well designed; the embossed leather wallpaper is gorgeous!From the time we approached the hostess stand until the time we ran out the door through a surprising burst of rain, the service was friendly, prompt, and stellar.  Even the slices of bread served with our goat cheese were replenished as they started to get low...a rare bit of service that helped to take it over the top!We shared a plate of 3 bruschetta (tomato and creamy brie, salmon with creme fraiche and preserved lemon, and a pesto/basil/tomoato concoction) and also the creamy goat cheese and olives.  The breads are all baked on-site in a wood oven...very delicious all the way around!We had some pinot grigio and chardonnay...both top drawer!  our friend introduced us to the most amazing Spanish beer...Estrella Damm Inedit.  I swear I will go back here just for this beer....absolutely the best beer I've ever tasted in my life!  (And I've been around the block and to numerous breweries to boot!)   If you come by this great new joint in town, definitely put the Estrella Damm on your list....and get the large bottle...$14 but it will fill your glass nearly three times!   They even serve the bottle in a chiller to keep it perfectly chilled.Five stars for Timo!   We Shall Return!
5	Bopped in here for the the 'Monday Night Special': flatbread and a bottle of wine for $19! Yay deal!We enjoyed the pancetta and asparagus flatbread, with caramelized onions added. Scrumptious! We also ordered the tamarind drumettes with sweet chili sauce. The place was hopping and our seats at the bar provided a cozy perch to people watch and enjoy our munchies. You know when you first meet someone and it may be too early to tell, but you think it could really be something special? That's how I'm feeling about Timo. I hope it's love.
4	Okay, seriously... Everything I had here was awesome. This place made me enjoy eggplant and asparagus! These are 2 things i do not typically enjoy... Either my taste buds are growing up or Timo is an evil genius.  The eggplant dip is served with fantastic crostini, tomatoes, mixed olives and goat cheese for toppings. Tried 3 of their bruschettas and they were maybe the best i've had, right up there with Postino's delicious concoctions. Two of us at the table had flatbreads, the Margherita and Pancetta. Both were amazing. They manage to make the perfect crust that is crispy but soft and dough-like. I even reheated the 2nd half of mine the next day and it was still delicious. Oh, lets not forget the cocktails! I had a Day-drinker... It was like a mojito with grapefruit juice. Incredibly refreshing and very drinkable. I sampled martinis and sangria around the table and they were all top-notch. My only issue was the floors are a bit slippery with the type of slate-like flooring. My girlfriend almost slipped and apparently the week before had witnessed a server go down pretty hard after slipping on the floor here. Anywho, I am super excited to get back here for round two... I need to try those lamb chops and cheese plate while burying my face in a couple glasses of wine. I'll be back and i'll tread carefully!
3	I have mixed feelings about Timo. We were regulars at Bombaros, so I think my expectations might have been too high. First off, and this is not about my visit, I received a message from Timo, months ago, saying I would be receiving an invite to the grand opening. That invite never came, so I wasn't sure this place was even open until I emailed them to ask if I could bring my dog. I actually went to Timo on Saturday, around 5ish. The place was not surprisingly pretty empty, as would any restaurant be at that time. I brought a party of 6 in for snacks and drinks. We were sat immediately, and I noticed the upgrades to the patio. A couple of small touches go a long way. The place looks pretty good. The service was really great, initially. Our server was knowledgeable and efficient. That was until a couple, and I mean 2, more tables came in. All of a sudden, our service went downhill. We ended up waiting for our bill, and then waiting to pay our bill for about 20 minutes, without drinks in front of us...just waiting. The place never got busy. We were there until around 7, so hopefully they got more busy as the night progressed. The food was really, really good. We ordered the cheese plate, spinach dip, and one of the flatbreads. I actually like the food better than Bombaros, who offered less options. I was not drinking, so I had the non alcoholic mojito. It was okay, but not worth the $4, yes, $4 for some lemonade and mint. Also, the soda was in cans, so each one was $2.25! I guess I paid the price for being the DD. I will definitely be back because I love the location, and I am always willing to give new places a second chance. I hope Timo works out the small kinks, and survives this econmy on No Pho. We need the options!!
4	Went there for lunch last Friday with my wife sat outside good atmosphere, flat bread was great!! The app's were good as well. I'll try it again
5	What a sweet little place! It really is beautiful, large outdoor patio. The interior has a giant roll up door that allows you to sit outside, while being inside. Decor is awesome, classy and makes you want to sit and spend some time. Timo is a nice ride up Central from the light rail stop at Camelback and Central. Up the bridal trail and just past the canal (about 5 miles of nice riding). Which is awesome because they have a phenomenal wine list, excellent beer selection and some kick ass non-acoholic drinks!They have a wood fired oven which they use to make their own bread, and toast the sandwiches (if you think this is similar to what Quiznos does...I am speechless...please stop reading.). The bread is delightful and the sandwiches will last two meals! Appetizer menu is absolutely delectable, so many things I couldn't decide. Went with a simple olive tampenade, it was stellar!The menu is surprisingly affordable considering the ingredients, quality and decor. If this place were 10 miles east it'd be double the price! Not that I want the prices to go up, I was delighted.Run, bike, walk, drive, if you must,...go and check it out.
4	Bravo Timo! Well done. I loved Bomberos and Timo has moved in to the beautiful spot and went easy on the remodeling.. If it ain't broke don't fix it! The patio was left intact and is gorgeous. I would recommend this for groups or for a romantic dinner for two. When it is cold the fire pit is awesome and it is quaint and charming. The inside is cozy and well designed, I usually opt to sit at the bar so I can watch them prepare my food and slide it in to the wood fired oven.  I went for brunch last week and it was awesome (see pics).I had the benedict with avocado, tomato, black truffle, prosciutto and hollandaise  and it was simply divine!  I could not leave without trying the grapefruit brulee, equally scrumptious.I can't wait to go back for dinner. They have a bottle of wine and a flatbread for $20 on Mondays!
4	Timo's Monday night special was a hit and I'm now almost positive I have found the perfect dinning companion. David and I are eating our way through the best of Phoenix and I'm secretly creating my own list along the way.   We decided on Monday night to take advantage of the flatbread and wine special. I had no Idea we would practically close out the place, two flatbreads, two bottles of wine and 6 tapas later. Wow, what a meal. David selected the wine, he's great at that and I selected the flatbreads and we both had dibs on a few tapas.  The lamb chops, tamarind drumettes, smoked salmon, warm figs & prosciutto and a salad. I specially liked the lamb chops and warm figs, David went crazy for the salad. We were both drunk ; )
1	Had a horrible experience there tonight.  To put this in perspective, I rarely say that about any restaurant.   We had a Groupon and went based on good reviews on this site.  Four of us went to dinner there.- Three of us ordered glasses of red wine.  Wine was warm in all three glasses and had rather skimpy pours.  The bottle we ordered later was good temperature though.- Ordered Bruschetta and the Cheese plate.  They made a mistake on the order.  No big deal and sent back the order.  However, 30 seconds later someone other than our server (the manager?) brought us the very same plate we just sent back.  Sent that back.  30 seconds later the waiter shows up and proceeds to tell us what we ordered-- which he had wrong.  Once we got the right order they were good (although-- the bruschetta bread was not toasted all that well).- Egg Plant Lasagna, Short Ribs and Margherita Flat bread were good.- I ordered the prosciutto, copa and brie sandwich which was listed under the WOOD FIRED SANDWICHES.  I got a cold sandwich with mediocre bread. Yes, I should have sent it back and would have if either the manager or our waiter would have showed up at some point after bringing us our orders. By the way, the place was mostly empty at this point.- As noted above, we had a Groupon with a value of approx $175 which included 4 drinks, 2 appetizers, 4 "entrees" and 1 dessert.  We had those and ordered a bottle of wine on top of that bringing the bill to approx $181 w/out subtracting the value of  the Groupon.   Waiter brings the bill, which should have been approx $6 (after subtracting the Groupon value).  We explained several times to him that it should be approx $6, not $181.  Our guests were going to cover the difference plus the tip on their credit card.  What charge comes back?  You guessed it $181.  Even after correcting the mistake, it was approx $15 (assume the diff. was taxes).  - "Free" valet is really not necessary given the parking is all of about 20 feet from the door.  However, the valet attendant was very nice and had our cars ready even before we got out there.- Even after all the screw ups, our server boasting about how great everything is and fishing for a big tip we got no apologies for any of the mistakes they made.Needless to say, I will never go to this place again. This experience could be an anomaly, but I'd be surprised if they're still in business 6 months from now.
1	Poor food sucked service sucked everyting sucked
5	This place is a new gem in the crown of the revitalized Sunnyslope.  Unfortunately I missed this place when it was Bomberos but I'm happy I found it in its current iteration as it's pretty great.Decor wise this place is super rad, completely redone and they open up the restaurant when it's nice outside (most of the year).  There's a huge patio out back as well!The service was fantastic and the wine selection is great!Ok, the special.  I hope that this place doesn't get as hard to get into on Mondays as Postino is on the nights they run their specials.  Flatbread pizza and a great bottle of wine for less than the bottles cost on their own.You've got to try this place out if you haven't been here yet!!!
3	OK..SO this past weekend some friends decided to meet at Timo for Brunch.. I reluctantly decided to join however much to my surprise there was some improvement in some areas.  Food Was Much better than previous visit however we had a group of 10 or 12 people and even thought we were virtually the only ones there the service was mediocre at best, so keep moving in the right direction guys
5	Just had our first experience with TIMO. Outstanding. Food, ambiance, service, etc.The tapas are terrific and the environment is great. Try the bruschetta, the lamb chop tapa's , the escargot, and the creme brulee! You won't regret it!Fans of Postino's will find it a worthy competitor/alternative.
4	Here are a few of my favorite Timo things:~ The brunch flat bread ($10): bacon, eggs, burrata - the crust has the perfect, ever-so-slight salty crunch that is perfectly complimented by the toppings. I would eat this for breakfast, lunch OR dinner!~ The mimosa flight: a steal at $9 with samples of orange, grapefruit and cranberry & St. Germain. Shockingly (to me anyway), my favorite is the grapefruit!~ La fin du monde golden (beer -9% alc.) $6 here, now also found in my fridge at home! Thanks for the introduction!!~ The day drinker ($9) a magical grapefruit flavored adult beverage and the Irish Sour ($): trust, don't be afraid of the egg white. ($6 at Happy Hour!)~ That they're always cooking up different things in the wood fired oven - from bacon and eggs to fish and lasagna! These are just a few... there's a lot to love about Timo!
5	Finally got here for Brunch, which negates none of my previous review, in fact it solidifies it!This brunch is phenomenal! From the Mimosa Flight to the Egg-White Frittata to the gigantic sausage patty on the sausage and egg sandwich...just excellently done!Dogs are allowed, so bring your pup. Expect to see dusty people having hiked North Mountain as well as hungover hipsters et al. Timo is so good that we left athletic gear there and they got in touch and got it back to us! This place is awesome!!!!! Go!!!
3	Now that I have the opportunity to write a review, I will be able to remove the bitchy quick tip.....I used to live over by this restaurant.  I have only been here for dinner.  I must admit that the food is awesome.....now for the reason they lost stars.I made plans to meet friends at the new farmer's market on Central and Northern.  They asked if there were any cool places to eat for breakfast and I immediately thought of this place.  I checked on-line to see if they still had brunch.  The hours posted on the site said they opened at 8.  So I planned the day's events around meeting at Timo's at 9 am for breakfast.  I showed up early so that I could coordinate and they were closed.  There were no cars in the parking lot.  I immediately called the number and it was just a message saying "you have reached voice mailbox number blah blah blah, please leave a message."  I immediately looked for the closest restaurant for breakfast near me so I could divert my friends.  I also added the quick tip stating: Don't bother going here for bfast - they are closed with no explanation on their voice mail.  As I was driving away to go to another breakfast joint, I saw a sign that said remodeling - in all fairness, it may have been the adjacent building.  Anyway, I ended up getting an email from someone saying that there is a sign somewhere (on a fence????) saying they open at 9:30.  I have since removed the quick tip.Long story short....GOD DAMN IT!!!!!  Web content changes take a matter of SECONDS!!!!  If you change your hours then change your fucking web site.  I have no tolerance for shoddy business practices.  They lost 2 stars because of the horrible experience.  CHANGE YOUR EFFING POSTED HOURS ON YOUR SITE!!!!!!
3	So far I really like the food I've had. The pesto chicken sandwich was great. I enjoyed the pancetta flatbread as well. I dig the decor and ambiance too. One issue though was a pretty slow bartender two times in a row. Also no happy hour deals on a Friday was pretty lame. But then again the happy hour deals aren't really that great anyway. So I think overall the drinks are overpriced but that does not usually stop me from frequenting a place...So I do like the place and will be going back for sure, there may be more stars to follow
4	We had a great time the other night for Ladies Night Out With Wine! I'm sure most of the greatness was the company we shared, but the location totally helped. We got a great little comfortable table inside the newly remodeled building, side note: it used to be Bomberos. It looks so much more open and inviting than the old place was. They have the doors all open and great decor. We ordered a couple bottles of wine, had some tapas, flat breads, soup and salads. Their menu looks very inventive and interesting. I had a bite of the rib flat bread, and it was amazing, I would love to go back and try it again. The girl shared the brie soup, and I am pretty sure they loved every bite, since when the waiter tried to clear it from the table he almost got a fork in his hand. My Cesar salad was OK, the chicken with it was really good. It is close to my house, so I am very excited to put it Ont he wine bar rotation!
4	Fantastic! Excellent selections of wine (Chocolate Block! YUM!) and amazingly good flatbreads straight from a wood fired oven!
3	Meh...It was... okay.  We first walked in and nobody was there to seat us.  So we kind of wandered in more so that someone felt compelled to seat us. Unfortunately our waitress lacked any semblance of a personality.  We're personable but quiet and wanted a rapport with her, she apparently would not have any of it.The beer selection is pretty decent for the restaurant. I thought they'd just have a couple of bottles and a few taps.  The food was unfortunately forgettable. I'm actually looking at the online menu right now trying to remember what we got.  NOW I REMEMBER!!!  So let me start by saying we are faithful followers of Postino's and were hoping for a similar but different (we were tired of Postino's) dining experience.  Looking at the menu I was pleasantly surprised and was excited. Okay so we got a couple of bruschettas and a flatbread. I feel like we got the pancetta flatbread and then the copa, the salmon and the apple bruschetta's.  The flatbread was great but the menu is designed with delicate flavors,  the whole point being that you taste each ingredient individually and then as a whole.  Unfortunately the cook has such a heavy hand with the truffle oil that it almost gave the flatbread a "plant-processed" taste.  You need to be delicate with truffle oil or else it goes bad quick, and it tasted funky. WIth the bruschetta's, same thing.  They are designed around delicate flavors but they either had truffle oil on them or had a HORRENDOUS lemon peel on top of them that was ABSOLUTELY off putting.  It seems as though they pickle the lemon peel and then place it on these bruschetta's for more flavor??? Change the recipe if it's not enough flavor for you, but the flavor is meant to be delicate.  Do not place a lemon wedge on it to distract from the lovely ingredients you have in front of me. I would say scrap that lemon business, it would do better as a garnish on a salad. Or for a sweetened version of the lemon, put it on a dessert.  Please stop destroying your food. Great place to try, but I will not be returning. OH!!! P.S.  The decor is LOVELY... seriously...
2	It's such a shame that the service doesn't match the food and decor...  This is our third time visiting.  Service has left a lot to desire each time, but the food is what has brought us back - until now...Early this afternoon, it was apparent that the owner/manager was not there.  Staff was clearly heard complaining to eachother as guests where trickling in.  One example:  "Oh Gawd, they just keep coming in.. We are trying to leave!"    Umm.. Really?  Server didn't know how to make a latte.. brought me an espresso with cream floated on the top instead.  He had the audacity to say, "Well, what did you want then?  It's a latte.  There is cream on it, but we are out of large cups."  Really?  The latte cups are stacked adjacent to the machine.  He then told me that he's never made one before and would find someone to make it for him.  I should have known better and cancelled the order there.  Instead, watched someone show him how to make it on a filthy dirty machine...  the frother is crusted over.  Neither one of them bothered to clean it off when they were finished either.  The water bottles can be a nice touch, but they need to be clean and water spot free, in the bright daylight greasy fingerprints from crappy waiters man-handling them look disgusting.Server only came around when it was time to give us our check.  He was really charming when we were getting ready to leave a gratuity.   We left just 15%.Again, the food is really good.  The cooks seem to be the only staff that gives a damn.   The waitstaff doesn't have to worry about us being a bother to them by coming in for lunch/dinner/or brunch again.To the owner:  May we suggest some customer service staff training?  We are a very laid-back and loyal repeat-customer type couple.  This is the 3rd time sh*&+y service for us.  We won't be back!!
5	Went to Timo recently after a recommendation from a friend and we couldn't have been more pleased. The decor is really impressive inside and out. We chose to sit outside by the fire. The staff was very attentive and helpful with all of our questions. Our server recommended the escargot to start and we were a little apprehensive, but went for it anyway. It was absolutely delicious! We also shared an eggplant lasagna and a flatbread pizza. Both were equally amazing. The wine pairings our server suggested were spot on as well. We'll be going back to timo soon! New favorite neighborhood spot!
3	it was okay.We bought a groupon for this place and went on a sunday night. It was a small restaurant, nicely designed, and good ambiance. It took about 15 mins to get seated. Just nothing really stood out. We asked for suggestiosn from the menu and they told us to try the chicken and I really didnt think it was that great. Felt like chicken that could have easily been made at home rather than a fancy restaurant.They did have a strong selection of wines and drinks. Maybe a better place for brunch or happy hour, but just for regular dinner nothing special.
4	Loved it!  Cozy neighborhood restaurant/bar with delicious tapas!
5	Wow! What an amazing place. The food was absolutely to die for. I had the escargot, and my friend had a brie and truffle oil soup that was absolutely wonderful. Even their Caesar salad was the best I ever had.The service was great. I ordered a lemon drop. The waitress realized the glass was too small and sent it back to the bartender to put (and add more) in a larger glass. I didn't even have to ask.This place is far above what Bomberos was, and I liked Bomberos. I highly recommend this place to anyone and plan on becoming a regular customer here.
3	My review is a little skewed because we went for Easter brunch not for a real dinner. I think they had a good idea but it was poorly executed. On a previous visit, I saw the sign advertising the Easter Brunch and it said there would be a carving, pasta, and omelette station, among other things for $32 per person. Sounded like a good deal along with the $5 Mimosas. They had the "buffet" set up on the bar. The "carving station" was a pork loin, although verrry tasty, I don't think that 1 piece of meat qualifies as a carving station. They did have several options for the omelette but only 2 pastas and 2 sauces, one of which was their brie soup. The Mimosas had hardly any champagne/sparkling wine and the juice had pulp. Weird right? Pulp in a Mimosa. There was a sampling of other things but after everything was said and done our bill was $105 with tip. We definitely left full but not satisfied with the money spent. I think the restaurant itself is gorgeous and I saw that they have some fun specials during the week. I might like to go back for happy hour or to bring out of town guest for a few drinks.
2	To be fair, I've mostly heard about their brunch, which I did not have, I may still go back for the brunch. So I cannot comment on the brunch.Service was pretty good. Our waitress was relatively attentive and friendly. I had a glass of Garnacha (can't remember the brand) which I did not enjoy at all. I did have their White Peach Sangria, which I will admit, I found delicious. In fact, it's the only thing I found enjoyable during this visit.My wife and I had 3 of their bruschettas. We had 1 of the Spicy Copa, burratta cheese, and cream brie bruschettas, and my wife wanted 2 of the figs, apple, and triple cream brie, which they didn't have since figs were out of season, but the waitress recommended something different that was similar, I cannot remember what it is, it's not on their menu though. They were all simply mediocre. Nothing with amazing flavors, nothing that made me think "oh wow, that's really good." Just....mehWe also ordered one of their Napoletana Flatbreads, we had the pancetta, shaved parmesan, asparagus, roasted tomatoes, and sea salt. My biggest problem, is with this flatbread. The dough was somewhat flavorless and extremely dry, the parmesan cheese was lacking and tasteless. There was hardly any pancetta on the dish and what was on there, was actually decent. The asparagus was not cooked all the way through, and was tough and bitter. Sea salt? Didn't even know it was on there until I looked at the menu a 2nd time. It had no roasted tomatoes on it at all.Also, I know that it's open, and I guess you can say that this is something to be expected, but there were tons of flies not only at the tables, but also coming in and out of the kitchen. At my table is bad enough, but I'm not a fan of having tons of flies coming in and out of the kitchen.I wanted to really enjoy Timo's. I live just down the street and have been dying to try this place out. Looking at their menu, everything seems amazing. I was extremely disappointed. I will go back a 2nd time to give it a fair chance, and also to try out their brunch which I hear about all of the time. But for now, I will stick to Postino's.
4	A good friend told me about the great music and atmosphere at Timo and since it's about 5 min away I figured I'd take my bros and family to check it out. This rating is for the food and service only - I  went around 4 on a Saturday, wasn't exactly jumping with people but it did make the service that much better :)Order the Tiger Woods (a twist on the Arnie Palmer) which is lemondae with hibiscus tea (good for you "Jamaica" lovers) The Smoked salmon on corn cakes, crab cakes and the kalamari and mussels ceviche. ALL GOOD! Solid food and very fresh. I'm not much for the appeal or the presentation - just taste and quantity.- but the presentation was real nice and satisfied the eyes.  My family had grilled chicken salads, different tapas like lamb chops and one with olives. Everyone liked their food. I would not come here if you're looking to feed the beast. But if you want to try some fresh, tasty, different foods then this will do.I'm looking forward to eating here when it's busy and lively.http://www.zagat.com/r/timo-sunny-isles-beach/menu  here is their menu
4	This is such a divine little neighborhood place.  The peach white sangria really hits the spot on a warm day.  The outside area is perfect for friends and listening to music.  Try the crab tapas (yum) and the brie soup (even yummier).
5	Love the food. Love the patio. Love the decor. Love that it is so close to our house. The bar is gorgeous. The food is great. They have a Brie soup that is to die for. My husband orders it every time we go there...The food is cooked in their pizza oven and is fabulous. Great wines too. I had an unusual white wine last night that was fabulous. I think I'd be totally happy with a glass (or 2) of wine, an order of their incredible bread straight out of the oven, and a bowl of brie soup!
4	We took my wife out for Mother's Day here.  There were 6 diners at 2 tables beside us. I notice from other reviews that is not uncommon.  We found the food to be delicious [roasted eggplant, oregano chicken, caprese sandwich, a glass of malbec]; the server was knowledgeable, courteous and professional.  She was also leaving in a week to work at Ajo Al's.The place is designed well. Our small sampling of the fare indicates some of the food and wine issues addressed in previous reviews were fixed. Service and good employee retention issues may still need to be addressed.I hope the place survives.  I look forward to being there many times in future.
3	So was able to join Timo for a birthday party on the back patio.  The patio is wonderful once the sun goes down.  There is a great fire pit as well as some great back lighting.  The service was very friendly as they dealt with the hustle and bustle of a private event.I like the over all feel of the place.  Very intimate inside as you can watch the cooks throw the flatbread into the wood fired oven.  The beer selection had a decent variety on NON-Anheuser Busch that plagues most restaurants, but would preferably like to see a couple other AZ breweries represented.  Luckily Four Peaks Hop Knot got me through the evening.Ordered the Shortrib flatbread and later a Bruchetta plate that came out with three varieties.  The Shortrib was very appetizing with an accent of banana peppers. The Tomato was good as well as the Fig, but the Copa could use either a different supplier or switched to a Prosciutto...wasn't my favorite.Overall we had a good evening and our friend enjoyed himself.  Only little tweaks were the bar ran out of some items, which proved the items were good I guess, and some of the drinks cocktails could have been a little stronger for the price.All in all, it looks like a good addition to the North Phoenix
5	Went here for a Birthday Party, great atmosphere, and setting for dinner.Date night specials on Sunday and Monday for dinner do are a steal that include a bottle of wine.
5	What a hidden little gem! K and I met friends for happy hour wine and tapas-style appetizers. Sitting on the patio we were actually a little chilly (it was mid-June) because of the lay out and how secluded the outdoor space is. We found ourselves talking about how nice the patio will be during the summer and the winter with the fireplace. Service was prompt but not hovering which was perfect. Wine was reasonably priced and the small plate tapas delicious. We shared the crab cakes, copa ham & prosciutto and a delicious Pinot noir. All highly recommended. K and I had so much fun we stayed longer and had the baked lasagna special (includes a bottle of wine but we had already had 2 with friends). I normally don't like Italian food at restaurants but this was excellent. Most people butcher pasta but not here. Delicious and al dente. Service stayed consistent. If you want an intimate date night or a great place to relax on a best-kept secret of a patio with friends, this is your place.
5	Wow! What an amazing place, from the beautiful patio to the amazing service. The staff really made me feel at home. It has to be one of the best date places in Phoenix. But the thing i liked the most was the type of food, it has a tapas feel except the portions are allot larger. If your on a budget and want to impress someone this is the spot.
4	I haven't been to Timo in a few months, so I was excited to come back for our twin mom's night out. When we got there, they already had our table set up.  I am usually the first one, hey, I need a drink, but this time there were a few other moms already there.  We ended up having a table for 15.  Our server, Alexis was very nice and efficient.  I shared a couple of things with one of my friends.  Timo offers a great deal on Mondays, a bottle of wine and flatbread pizza for $19, an incredible deal.  I had to share the bottle, as much as I like my wine, I can't drink a whole bottle by myself.  I had a carb overload night, it was delicious.  I had not had carbs in about 4 weeks, so I could feel the bloat before finishing my last bite, but it was so worth it.  One of my friends had a delicious cocktail made with pineapple infused vodka, muddled mint and lavender.  It was very refreshing.  Last time I was there, the menu was a lot smaller, I am happy to see a great variety and food looked delicious.  I can't wait to come back.
5	Timo Wine Bar is the best place to go anywhere near Central Ave -- and anywhere north of Camelback! It's so amazing... top-notch cocktails and wine... pizza that rivals Phoenix's other bests (there are many!)... and appetizers and other food that are beyond bread...The first time I came here my party ordered the Tiramisu and it came in a wine glass! So delicious!!!Probably my favorite part about Timo Wine Bar is the eloquent and highly talented staff. They have great ideas, such as contests, cocktails, and they keep the clientele both staying and coming back daily! This is more than just a "friendly place" -- it's truly a home for many, many people.
4	Stopped in here for lunch last week and was very pleased.  We had an order of  bruschetta and a proscuitto sandwich which was easily enough for 3 people. Service was excellent.  Menu has some similarities to Bombero's but there are clearly differences.  The wood oven adds a real punch to the food.
5	I came to Timo for my birthday last week after hearing rave reviews about it from a few friends of mine. I met up with the fabulous Jennifer T. and I was so happy to check this place out!I like any place that I get to walk in through a back door. I passed through the very chill looking patio area first, another plus in my book. Plenty of outdoor seating that looked dangerously inviting once this hot hot heat cools off. Inside was intimate, but with the large windows, it wasn't dark and depressing. Like your own little happy wine bar world.They have an amazing wood burning oven. Normally, that itself is plenty good enough, but then there's the food that comes out of that wonderful oven. I only tried the spinach and artichoke dip, which was the best I have ever had! It didn't have a pool of oil (first time for everything!), it was so fresh, and I really appreciated seeing the bread sliced fresh right in front of us, since we were sitting at the bar. I saw several other things (flatbread)  come out of that oven, and I will have to go back to try them! Everything smelled delicious and was presented with a touch of class without being pretentious. I was also very intrigued by the eggplant dip which is apparently "better than baba!" Now for the drinks. Holy cow. I've been drinking a few years now, so safe to say, I've tried many, many drinks. Or so I thought. Coconut mojito anyone!? Made with Ciroc Coconut vodka!  As tasty as mojitos are, I don't get a long well with rum, so vodka was a pleasant surprise, and the coconut just brought the mmmmmazing factor to a whole new level. I also tried the white sangria, another 5 stars. Great wine list too- Apothic Red is one of a few reds I like, and they have it!  The staff was top notch as well. I arrived shortly before a shift change, and both bartenders were personable and hard working, and truly seemed to enjoy what they were doing. I'm pretty bad with names unfortunately, or I would love to mention them.I can't wait to go back! For drinks and food! I think I'd even go alone for lunch if I didn't have any company!
5	I am beyond excited about this new discovery! I discovered this place last week and plan to go for the 3rd time already tomorrow. I am excited to be a regular here at this locally owned business. They are the definition of a 5 star spot! They go above and beyond with all that they do. The wine selection is good and very diverse. They even offer my FAVORITE red wine, Apothic, which I've never seen in a wine bar before. They also have fabulous, made in-house red and white sangria's. The spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had! And believe me when I say I've had my fair share of spinach artichoke dips. The atmosphere is exactly what I look for in a wine bar. I cannot wait until the weather cools down so I can spend more time on the amazing patio. I've only peeked but I can tell I will be in love in a few months from now. The service here is just as impressive! The bartender, Amy is so cute and such a sweetheart! She it also meticulous when she shines all of those glasses. Looks like a lot of work but she handles it with ease. This place is at the top of my list. I better be careful or I will be a wino in no time!!
3	After eating here a few times, I have finally given up on trying to like it. The food is ok - nothing special. I loved the patio but they had a bee problem when I was there. Not sure if that was common or if it was a fluke. I never want a local place to go out of business so I hope others don't agree with me.
5	Let me begin by saying Timo's is the place to be! I love it there! Im 20 minutes away and the lil drive is worth it! Every- one to two times a week, I'm there! The staff is great! Especially the bartender AMY! I enjoy her great service and wonderful, cheerful personality! She makes my day by having me leave with a smile! One of the cooks which his name is DIEGO, knows exactly what Im going to order and never disappointed! I love the food and always plenty leftovers for me to take home! Please stop by and check it out, you won't be disappointed! :-)
5	Timos is a hidden gem in North Phx. It's beautifully decorated, with a welcoming atmosphere and a terrific staff. The food is outstanding. Every tapas dish and entree I've tried has been scrumptious and they have a good selection of wine and beer. Or you can have Amy, the best bartender in Phoenix, whip you up a cocktail. Timos gets an unqualified 5 stars from me.
5	Timo is such a cute place! I went here for happy hour. The drink specials were awesome! I can't wait to come back and sit out on the patio in the fall!
4	The Timo Benedict is delicious. I was a little disappointed with the service. There was a single bartender attempting to do both bar tending while also serving tables. Consequently, service was poor. I will go back because of the food but I hope Timo rectifies this quickly.
5	I went to Timo for the first time last week for Happy Hour.   I will definitely be back.  The service was excellent....Amy the bartender was extremely attentive and gave great suggestions.  The spinach pesto pizza with sun dried tomatoes and carmelized onions was off the charts.  It is an intimate lounge type setting, not too loud, great music and I cannot wait for the weather to cool off because the patio looks so comfortable and cozy with a few tables for 2 nestled in the trees....truly romantic.
5	I live in central Phoenix and had been hearing great things about Timo and decided to try it after a 5 1/2 hr drive back from San Diego last month.  I was so impressed with the service, food selection and atmosphere I returned last week for happy hour and brought a friend.  She is now a fan of Timo's too.  Both times I sat at the bar and Amy the bartender was great with her suggestions of both food and wine and her service was outstanding.  The pesto pizza was fabulous (but it's only available on Friday's).  I love the decor of the restaurant very hip and sleek, music selection is great and not too loud like some places.  I am anxious for the weather to cool down as they have an amazing patio with trees and candles.  This is absolutely one of my favorite go to places.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Checked out Timo for the first time today for lunch. I must say I was was pleasantly surprised!You can almost miss the parking lot if you don't look close enough (dork alert!), it shares the lot with what I looks like an office building? But there was SHADE to park in, if you parked near their patio!! Speaking of patio, it looks like an awesome place to check out when the weather is less disgusting.  Unfortunately AZ being AZ in August, it is FAR from patio weather! However, I can imagine it to be a great place for a girls night or a date when the weather is more accommodating!Having never been here before I was salivating by the descriptions on the menu, and had trouble deciding.  The wine list was awesome, it had some options on it I was unfamiliar with, and had quite the amusing time trying to pronounce, but the bartender (Adrian, I believe is what he said his name was?) was quite helpful & answered all my questions.  He even was kind as to give me a couple pointers as to what wines I might like based on what I said I usually drank.The atmosphere inside was great, very quaint and chic at the same time.  Definitely a good place to gather with friends or enjoy a glass of wine to unwind at the end of the day. Very bright and airy, and they had these awesome glass garage doors that allowed for good people watching.This part of town does not have many options when it comes to fun, chill, and chic places, so I hope this place sticks around.  And if my experience today with a great menu and awesome bartender is any indication of how it usually is there, I will definitely look forward to coming back and bringing friends as well!  Thanks Timo for becoming my new place to like and a great experience on a random Monday afternoon off!
4	I tried this place for the first time last Friday during happy hour. This is a cute and quiet spot. We ate inside because of the heat, but I can't wait to go back to sit on the patio they have. Started off with a glass of white sangria with peaches. Happy hour price of $4.00, this was so good. I was only able to drink half the glass since I was driving and it was very strong. I am looking forward to enjoying this again when I have a driver :). For appetizers we shared artichoke and spinach dip, it came with some toasted bread. This was the most delicious artichoke/spinach dip I have ever had. We also tried out some bruschetta. I had the one with prosciutto, mozzarella and pesto sauce. And also the one with green apples, brie and fig jam. I have no complaints about this place, service was great, food was good and happy hour prices were decent. I also loved the decor. I can't wait to go back and sit on the patio, enjoy some more sangria and taste the flatbread that looked A M A ZI NG . Our total bill for 3 glasses of sangria and 2 appetizers came out to $33.00, not bad at all.
5	I love everything about this place.  The food (particularlly the wings) is incredible, the drink list makes me happy (the balsalmic bloody mary is great), the brunch is excellent, the patio rocks, and best of all?  I'VE NEVER HAD BAD SERVICE HERE.Hurray Timo.  Hurray.
5	Update:After careful consideration, Timo's has reached out to me to indicate that they have removed their Foie Gras item.  I feel that this is a responsible decision based on their part and this reflects their standards as a business.  Therefore, I am removing my past rating and replacing them with what I truly feel that they deserve.  I will revisit and am more than positive that I will have a stellar dining experience.  Thank you, Timo's.
5	Awesome place!! EXCELLENT food/apps(try the bleu cheese figs)! Ask for Dizzy Dre, he's AWSOME and listens to your likes and customizes drinks for you!! Very patient with women!! ;)
5	This place was amazing, they hit every note: great wine and beer selection, a HUGE menu considering the size of the kitchen (with not one sub-par dish in any of my 5 visits), the friendliest and most knowledgeable staff, and a quiet, not-too-dark ambience that screams "FIRST DATE!"; this place does it all without draining your bank account.From the surprises on the menu such as escargot, fresh figs done multiple ways, or the spicier dishes and sauces to the insane selection of house cocktails (try the white peach sangria!!), Timo has a little something for everyone and even if you're a picky eater like me, there's a great selection for anyone.  The bar staff here is tops and they know their stuff inside and out, so take advantage and ask them questions, tell them what you usually like and you're sure to be well served.The wood oven here is definitely the star of the menu, the flatbreads and pizzas were tough to choose between, but well worth trying if you can ever compromise on one with the person you come with :)   A great dinner date destination, but certainly a place I could see going alone to for lunch & drinks.  Menu is out of this world and service is ample, but the ambience and originality are what make this place hard to forget and easy to suggest.
5	I love this place!  We went for Happy Hour and I got a 1/2 salad - the Caprese - with cornbread.  $5.00 and it was delish!  Service and atmosphere were great.  I'll be back often.
5	Love this place!  Get the salmon!  Hell, EVERYTHING I've had there has been great!  Still haven't had anything bad! :)
5	I've been to timo a few times now and it never disappoints! consistently great food (particularly the short rib flatbread, sangria & the specials on Sunday's). The manager, Jason creates a welcoming environment that you can spend hours on the patio!
5	After exploring other options, we returned to Timo to find a much more organized, efficient experience. The weather was perfect for outdoor dining, so the hubby and I decided to give Timo another try. We were seated next to the fire pit and approached immediately by our server. The service was excellent; we did not have to wait long for anything, and the server was pleasant. We ordered a bottle of red wine and then we ordered all of our food to share. The artichoke dip is excellent. One of the best we have had. Next, we had the chopped salad. The salad was excellent, but I am not too sure if it had dressing on it. Next we had the margarita flat bread with sausage. We finished our evening with the peach cobbler. Everything was outstanding and relatively reasonably priced. We will definitely return to Timo and bring friends. I was thrilled to have such a wonderful experience because I know how difficult it is for restaurants to succeed in this economy, but Timo is well on its way as a staple in Sunnyslope.
5	The food was amazing, the service was friendly, and the decor was pleasant without being stuffy.  In our party of four we ALL cleaned our plates (which is not normal for us). Two standouts were the fresh, warm bread with pesto (very good) and citrus butter (sublime) for an appetizer and the peach cobbler for desert.  We are definitely going back!
4	Very good food! We ordered a bunch of stuff for the 4 of us, and we were sufficiently full afterward. The price was good too!The best part is the patio...very spread out, so you have your own space. It also has a great feel to it.We will definitely be back!
3	I only remember hearing good things about Timo Wine Bar so we decided to try it. They have a cozy patio and have live music that's cool.I note we didn't try the wood fired items that are their specialty.I tried the Brussels Sprout Salad with added Chicken. The salad was good I liked the way they dressed it perfect but the chicken was terrible. If you look at my photo you can see they pounded the chicken flat as a flour tortilla leaving the chicken dry as cardboard. I don't know if they normally prepare chicken in this way or maybe someone new was working and just didn't prepare it right. The chicken was cold as well as dry.My husband tried the Crab Cake Benedict minus the hollandaise. The only perfect parts of this dish were the beautiful warm asparagus and the potatoes but this dish had several problems. The egg was unseasoned and undercooked and had raw egg white. The crab cake was good but under seasoned. Between the egg and crab cake was a raw cold unappetizing unripe thick slice of tomato. Lastly the cold sun dried tomatoes over the asparagus were disappointing.I was undecided between two and three stars but went with three because I didn't order their specialty items as I would expect them to be very good.2.5 stars
4	To start off, the owner has asked me twice to come back and try the place again. I have to say, I really appreciate that the owner takes that much of an interest in their customers. So kudos to the owner!My wife and I went back again a couple of weeks ago for brunch. I had some more of the White Sangria, and it's still ridiculously amazingly delicious. If you go, this is a must-try.My wife and I started off with the Brie Soup. This, is delicious. I wish I would have ordered this the first time. This soup, with the sangria alone are two things worth coming back for.I had a flat bread again that had bacon, fig, caramelized onion and cheese. The dough was much better this time. The bacon was all over the flat bread (nothing wrong with that!), the onions were good as well. The fig was also really good though it was placed on 1 small spot on each slice of the flat bread. The bacon is salty and needs the fig. Easy fix, though, since I just used the bacon to spread the fig around the top of the flat bread. (yum)My wife had ordered a Small Plate that had salmon on it, and she loved it. The food was much, much better than my first visit. Combine that with the fact the owners personally reached out to me and asked me to try it again, and I must say I was very pleasantly surprised. Any owner that reaches out to dissatisfied customers and tries to remedy the situation, will only ever improve their restaurant and food as time goes on. We will be back most definitely for the Brie soup (and sangria! seriously...have the sangria) and to try some more of Timo's food.
4	I must be a sucker for wine bars....they are just so good! I went to Timo after finding it on Yelp while hiking North mountain with my step mom Deb. We were hiking and, of course, thinking about food...lol. So we went to Timo, which is this cute little place that is largely hidden from the road by big trees. We sat on the patio for Sunday brunch. The service was great, very attentive and the atmosphere was wonderful....so relaxing. They didn't even treat us badly despite our being dirty and (probably) smelly. We shared the bacon and fig (?) pizza and the rocket salad. The pizza was HUGE and ridiculously good....the pizza was piled with bacon and sweet onions...so flavorful. The salad was also good...it had sort of weird dried raspberries and blueberries on it that were almost like croutons because they were crunchy but had the flavor of the fruit...yum. I would definitely come back here again...maybe next time I'll try the benedict (which also looked pretty fabulous).
5	This is one of the best "feel good" restaurants in Phoenix.  Great for either a relaxing dinner by yourself, a romantic date night for two, or fun for a group of friends.  The patio with the intimate tables, circular fire pit and trees full of lights is the perfect setting for Timo's great food and wines.  On our visit a couple nights ago, we again had the specialty of Short Ribs Tajine:  boneless braised beef short ribs, fresh ginger, preserved lemon, braised vegetables, oven brown potatoes, served in a Moroccan tajine.  When you order this, everyone else wants to know what you have.  All in all it was a very enjoyable evening, with a special thanks to Sam, Emily and Amy.
4	The patio; enough said! It's big with a fire pit and shade trees too. The food is yummy and priced pretty well - parking is limited.
5	Breathtaking night out at Timo's !Me and the wife went out last Friday night to check this place out.Since we have kids and don't get out much we choose always something that's worth the time we have to spend out.We started with the Bruschetta and the Antipasto salad for appetizers.We ordered Gruener Veltiner from Austria for the wife and a Aventinus Wheat Doppelbock for me.We then ordered Cedar Plank Wild King Salmon and Prosciutto Wood Fired Sandwich as our entrees.Wow, this kind of food is hard to find around here and it was outstanding.Our server Alexis was always smiling and has been very attentive all night.We finished the night off with some Espresso and ordered the peach cobbler with ice cream and indulged us into dessert heaven, Yum.If you are looking for some nice and romantic time out or even as a family, this is a place you need to check out.We came all the way from Cave Creek and will definitely be back for more.
3	In response to my review the owner contacted me, thanked me for my honesty and has changed the method of preparation for the chicken and now serves plump juicy chicken in salads and sandwiches.How Cool is that! I hope to try Timo again. 4-5 stars might be pending.
4	Let me start by saying I am sure a future review with a 5th star is pending - because this place is fantastic.  The food is great.  I have had an appetizer, the Timo Trio for lunch, and I have had a flatbread pizza.  Nothing disappointed.  Their waitstaff is attentive, they give you more of whatever you need - and don't hassle you about it.  I love the new decor (yes, I said new decor - I frequented this place when it was... what it used to be.)  It has a very urban-classy vibe.  Four stars because...We went on a pretty slow lunch Friday a couple of weeks ago and it took us about 40 minutes to get our food.  My panini with my Timo Trio was not great (sorry, it wasn't) but the rocket greens and the soup MORE than made up for that.  I had the tomato soup and I am looking forward to trying the Brie.  However, given that we were on a workday lunch, we would have appreciated faster service.The mojito lemonade!  It's fantastic!  So fantastic I would pay for two!  I get that it's probably not free refills because I am sure they are not the easiest or most fun thing to make, but i would be more than happy to pay for a second.  Please ask me next time.  Each time I have ordered it I have never been asked if I'd like a) a lemonade (plain) refill or b) another mojito lemonade.  It's your tab and your tip and all, but I think I'd go for it if it were me.  :)Also, I am not sure that this is the case yet, but there does not appear to be a place for any live music.  Even a singer/songwriter guitar player would be awesome.  It doesn't have to be as elaborate as "it used to be" - but that was one of the incredible things about this place/location.  Just something to think about.So, like I said, I am sure we will be back and back and back and a 5-star review is well in the works.  Can't wait to see how this place grows and changes and works out any quirks.
5	Fireplace, wine, cheese.  Perfect night.
4	"Great ambience n seating by the fireplace. Try out the bruschetta, smoked salmon and crab cake. They are to die for. Would love to go there again!!"
3	They are lucky they are getting 3-stars after my Xmas eve visit yesterday.  Thus had a been a fave spot of mine for couple of months since a friend introduced me to it. Killer items: Foie gras w/fig jam ($16) enough to share with 3 people. The wood-fired lamb chops ($9) and some other notable items. Anyway the service was not up to par last evening and the GM never acknowledged my company event though we were one of two parties in the whole place.  Being it's Xmas eve don't you think a simple hello thanks for joining us is the proper thing to do? I am very disgusted with the bartender/server that was on duty as well. Completely unprofessional and we felt that no one wanted to be there. hey if your advertising half off your menu until 6 P.M. you might want to make one of your only guests feel welcome. I can tell you that I am not sure I will be visiting in the near future due to the lack of welcoming and professionalism here.
4	The husband and I drive by this place frequently and always say we should try it out. Well, we finally did on New Year's Day. We came for lunch and the place was deserted except for one lunch couple on the patio. We stepped inside and the waiter told us we could sit wherever. The husband informed him we will be sitting on the patio and back outside we went. The patio is nice. It's open and airy, while still enclosed by trees and a deconstructed-looking fence. Music is playing via tiny Bose speakers, there's a fire pit (which looks inviting, but wasn't lit), and a tiny water fall (where cute sparrows bathed). The patio was very nice during the day but I bet it looks even more inviting at night. Our waiter came out and asked if we were ready to order and I asked what type of bread the sandwiches are on and how they are cooked (they are called "Wood Fired Sandwiches"). He looked at me like I was ridiculous and I guess I felt a little silly, but I wanted to know if it was regular sandwich bread, pita bread, a bun, etc. He told me its bread and it's thrown in the fire, not literally, but like near the fire. I was confused but the prosciutto, copa, triple cream brie, tomato, and olive tapenade sandwich sounded really good... so I ordered that. The husband ordered the braised short rib calzone. Our meals came on a cute wooden cutting board with a side of crispy kettle chips. My sandwich came on a bun, which was delicious. Overall, I really liked my sandwich. It was a little on the salty side, but everything on the sandwich by itself is normally salty and delicious. The husband was a little jealous and stole about half of my sandwich. (Which is fine, because I stole his chips.) The calzone was good but it definitely wasn't a traditional calzone. It was wrapped in a flatbread, shaped to look like a calzone but definitely not fully enclosed like the calzones we are used to. I liked the flavors, but wasn't too impressed with the bread. (Both of us expected closed, doughy goodness.) Overall, it was a good experience and we really enjoyed our sandwiches. We're looking forward to coming back for dinner!
4	I've only been here once and had a great experience, but the true test of a great restaurant, in my humble opinion, is consistency so a five star review might be on the horizon for Timo.First off, the ambiance is awesome! Love the decor, the outdoor seating and being able to see the wood fire oven in action in restaurants is always a nice touch in my book.My boyfriend and I went there for dinner. The server we had was attentive, taking our drink orders in a timely manner and didn't make us feel like we were rushed when we took our time looking at the dinner menu. I ordered the ceder plank salmon. It was cooked to perfection, the glaze was a great compliment to the great cut of fish and the sides were awesome. It came with garlic kale which (my ONLY complaint) may have been a tad bit too salty, and a hearty portion of couscous. My boyfriend ordered the lemon oregano chicken. I forgot what else came with it but that too was delicious! The portions were filling, but of course, we made room for dessert. We shared the peach cobbler and were not disappointed. In fact, I would go there just for the cobbler...and a few glasses of wine! The wait for food was a little on the lengthy side, but it was worth it! I will never take speed over quality of food so if I've got to wait for a fantastic meal, then wait I will.  If you're looking to enjoy a leisurely dinner with great company then this is the place for you. I can't wait to go back for more.
4	Quite the corner bistro.  Fresh ingredients always make for a good food, which Timo offers.  Had the flatbread pizzas from the wood fire oven.  Enjoyed the margherita and the home-made sausage varieties.  Dark and romantic atmosphere, good place to take a date as there is ambient music without being in-your-face about it.  Servers are very friendly and are eager to make suggestions for both food and wine.
4	Yo Adrian!  You are the best waiter!  You made us three lovely ladies feel welcome.  We loved your recommendations, too.  Let's talk creamy brie soup infused with truffle oil.  And the spicy copa with burrato cheese brushcetta was the perfect blend of cheese and spicy.  Washing it down with sangria was SO nice, too.  And after our leisurly lunch, we we just in time to go outside and start happy hour!  $5 for ANY glass of wine.  Perfect way to spend an afternoon chatting with the girls.  Thanks, Adrian...good luck on your weight challenge!
3	Okay I love the food and the patio is awesome.Service?  O that. That which was missing on our late lunch today? One friend says "incompetent" one says "indifferent"' but I think it has more to do with poor kitchen management and no awareness of what is happening on the patio or inside the restaurant. Here's why:1. When the first two of us arrived (after the lunch rush) and the patio was mostly empty, we looked toward sitting on the lounge furniture directly across from the patio entrance to welcome a friend and because it looked like a nice place to sit under the trees and no direct sun. Your server said - well I think this is the best I can do for you and steered us to a wobbly 2 person table in the middle of the walk area. When I mentioned we had at least one more person coming. she said - I can get another table to put right here.2. The kitchen manager? ( Young gentleman) was visible inside the restaurant but he did not come out on the patio. We all watched as a homeless man wandered in and out of the all the cars in the parking area ambushing all your customers as they left from the last of the lunch group.  Finally this homeless man wandered into your patio and started approaching the first group sitting directly inside the patio in the soft furniture.  A few awkward moments later when your kitchen manager(?) FINALLY looks outside and sees us looking at him he comes out and THEN he sees the homeless man now making his way to the second table.3. Our third party had arrived and we had to call to the server to please come take our order. We also had to ask for an additional glass and to order a bottle of wine. That took awhile as she wandered back and forth to a couple of other table bussing and wrapping things up until she finally returned with water and a menu.4. We waited over 25 minutes for bruschetta after having to again call the server to take the order. The food was taking forever and now we were the only other group here except for the two men who had to talk  with homeless man near the gate. We finally found the server and asked where.our food was....another 5 minutes wait ...and she returned to say there was a problem with the printer...?   Huh?Okay the food was great - and I love the patio and it was quite and lovely outside but someone needs to be paying attention to what is going on.  Your kitchen staff was in the dining room folding napkins and making prep for dinner service.  Your kitchen manager was hanging out and visiting with them The server went in and out of the kitchen alot.  NO ONE bothered to look outside at the customers to see if anyone needed anything.I hope someone in management reads this. Alot of red flags in the service staff.
5	We decided to head North on Central for a change last night and stumbled upon Timo, and we're glad we did.From the greeting we received when we entered all the way through desert we had a great experience.We had the beet salad, squash soup, and corn chowder to start. All three were tasty.  The beer list was pretty extensive and had some unique choices(I know, wine bar, but we're not wine drinkers).  Some of our party had cocktails they liked as well. For our main course four of us split two pizzas. The short rib pizza had a good flavor and a spicy sauce to dip in. We also had the chicken jalepeno and enjoyed it as well.We will definitely going back!
4	We discovered that place by total accident because I would most likely never go to a restaurant in sunny slope unless it really was amazing. We drove past it on our way to our actual destination but the wait was too long so we drove back to timo.As a starter, We got their wings and they were really good. They were really fancy shmancy, which I don't prefer. I like going caveman on my sloppy wings. Then for our meals we got the margherita pizza and Mediterranean thin crust pizza half with chicken on it. We always determine if a place is good by their cheese or margherita pizza. This place had a delicious margherita pizza! They had lots of fresh basil on it. The Mediterranean pizza was good. It was super crispy and flavorful. I don't like chicken so I didn't try the other half but my bf liked it. And it was a major plus because most of the food is wood fired! Service was good and ambiance was reaaallyy nice. We will definitely be back.
4	Great Pizza & service. Will go back
5	Liked this place when it was Bombero's and like the  reincarnation even better.  The outside area is one on the better al fresco spots on the North side of town.  I have been twice recently and had great food both times - First itme, everyone ordered their own thing and the second we just noshed on flatbread, pizza, spinach dip etc.Nice happy hour from until 6 $5 vino and some discounted apps.Service has been fine both times, on of the visits they had 4 or five large parties but stayed on top of things with only minor delays.
4	Timo's is within walking distance of our home and is in a stretch of Central that has seen places come and go. So far Timo's is hanging in there.The patio is a good place to have wine and food and enjoy the great winter weather in Phoenix. We have had the pizzas and other entrees and most everything is good. Only once in the times we have gone have we had to send something back.
5	Cute place!Beet salad and corn soup were great! My boyfriend got the egg salad salmon sandwich which was pretty good. I asked for an alcoholic version of their lemonade mojito, yum!Indie music goin on was fun for a slow lunch day. Hope to come back and try some flatbread and more:)
4	We went here for lunch a couple weeks ago, wanting to try some place nice, but better than the slightly overrated Corbin's.  The first things that impressed me with this place was the extensive patio.  Probably one of the better ones around, for sure.  We went inside, and initially sat down at the booth in the middle of the room... Which was so cramped that we decided to switch to a regular table.  The ambiance is very nice here; it's difficult not to hang out a little bit after the meal.The menu is excellent, with some creative pizzas, soups, bruschettas, and a bunch of drinks.  I always like it when a place offers creative non-alcoholic beverages, and they scored some points with their lemonade mojito and their "Tiger Woods" (hibiscus/lemonade).I had the soup of the day, which was a butternut squash soup with pancetta.  This soup was amazing.  If butternut squash soup itself is not amazing enough by itself, they decided to go and add pancetta.  The soup was nice and creamy, just the way I like it.As far as pizza is concerned, theirs is good, but not great.  I had the original tart flambee, which sounded awesome.  It turned out to be not quite as awesome as I had hoped, with toppings a little too sparse, and a crust that a little too closely resembled a cracker in texture.  It wasn't bad, but you can definitely find a better pie in the Valley for the same price.Timo is certainly a good neighborhood restaurant, and possibly one of the best in the area.Addendum: Went back a 2nd time and had one of the flatbread pizzas, and it was actually respectable.  Much better crust.  Make sure you get one of the flatbread pizzas, and not the thin crust.
4	Pizzas were pretty good.  Eggplant appetizer was very good.   The lemon oregano chicken had too much lemon and not enough oregano.  A tually could not taste any oregano, only sage.  The green beans were under cooked and tough.   Atmosphere is great.  Wine is great. Staff is great. Weather was great.  We really enjoyed the salmon. Yes, we ate too much.
3	Love the atmosphere and patio.  I had the soup and salad.  The salad listed it had blueberries and raspberries in it and that sounded refreshing.  When I got the salad, the berries were dehydrated and crunchy.  Not what I expected.  I know you can still buy fresh blueberries and raspberries because a week later I saw them at Frys.  That was disappointing.  But I would go back..  It's a cute place.
3	Closer to Meh than A Okay---We went for happy hour. The $5 glasses of wine are awesome, but the food specials are not that special. Cold bruschetta? Yuck. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and 3 appetizers. I have been here several times and received good service. Our service wasn't bad; the server was friendly. But she knew nothing about the menu or the food. She wasn't sure which wines they were out of (for a wine bar, the selection is pretty small). Also, we ordered the cheese plate and, in the past, we have been told which cheese is which, and so on. Our server dropped our food off without a word. A wine and cheese class might be helpful for the servers, who should be knowledgeable about the selection, both food and wine. Also, and this seems picky, the menu is difficult to read. The wines are grouped strangely, and within categories, there is no rhyme or reason to the listing. Artichoke dip and cheese plate were both yummy, by the way.
4	Ummm...wine.  Well, the wine list is surprisingly short, but the food was really delicious and the ambiance is great.  An unusually large patio area, which is lovely and clean and perfectly lit.  I went inside because I was dining alone this night (insert violin strings here) and the inside was also a great experience.  It is a converted garage and they left the garage doors to the street open on this mild early spring night.  It is clean and modern and zen-like.  As expected on a Monday at 8:00 pm, it was pretty slow, although there were several groups on the patio.  The bartender was also my waitress, and she was pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu.  I ordered a glass of pinot noir for $8, which was decent, a brussel sprouts salad (from which I asked them to remove the pancetta in a fit of caloric guilt), and an entree of plank grilled salmon with a side of kale and a mushroom couscous.  All of the food was awesome.  I took half of it to go and had a great lunch the next day because it was quite a bit of food for one person.  The couscous was so delicious that I am certain it must have been horribly fattening.  The salmon was perfectly cooked and the kale was just garlicky enough without being overpowering.  I will be going back and dragging friends next time, hopefully a little earlier in the evening to catch the energy that I am sure this atmosphere is sure to generate.  And to sit on the patio.  The wine list is very limited but the one I tried was very very good.
3	Went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Great patio and the roll up garage doors make the inside feel al fresco (w/ a little air conditioning).  Great place to hang out and enjoy the weather.Our server took our drink order...then our food order...then we waited. And waited. 25 minutes later, when we were about to leave, our server finally came by and informed us they had to squeeze more OJ for my wife's mimosa.  Another few minutes and my bottle of beer and wife's mimosa came, followed shortly by the food.  It was not busy or crowded so I guess we were overlooked?  BUT the food was tasty. We had smoked salmon and crab cake eggs Benedict.  Both were really well composed and had great flavor...good enough to overlook the service and give Timo's another shot.
5	What a wonderful find to/from the Phoenix airport! Unique in design...eclectic, charming and inviting!Love the creative farm-to-table dishes! A haven for foodie and wine adventures :)Their cheese platter is to die for...top quality cheeses and some veggies on top of perfectly charred bread. Yummy! That, paired with any of their amazing reds...perfecto!Always something new to try. Highly recommend this place for those who want a cool and small hideaway foodie adventure to hang out with special friends!
5	Perfect perfect perfect.  I went here again last night with friends and it was even better than last time.  We got a table on the patio this time and it is every bit as pretty and comfy as I had hoped.  They have a mister system that cools the place off, and the lights in the trees are really lovely.  We started with the artisan cheese tray, which was delicious and had a great non-standard selection of cheeses along with nuts, dried and fresh fruit, and crackers.  One friend had the brie soup, which he said was great (I didn't try it because I was afraid I wouldn't stop).  He also had the beet salad, which I did try, and which was delicious.  This guy is over 6 ft tall and about 170 lbs soaking wet and he eats like a horse.  We had a couple of bottles of the Tempranillo from Spain, which was very nice.  A couple of us had the salmon, which is beautifully smoked with cedar.  You can really taste the smokiness, and the accompaniments were perfect.  A couple of us had the crab cakes with poached egg, which they loved, and no one at the table left a speck of food on their plates.  One of the guys had a flatbread pizza and said it was perfect - not too much cheese and just the right consistency for the flatbread.  The waitress was sweet and attentive, and when we asked them to turn down the mister for us they turned it off, which was kind of awesome.  I am a little sad now, because my job here is only for another two months and then I go somewhere else for awhile, so I only have two more months to go here.
5	This was our first time and loved it. Very nice classy casual atmosphere. Quaint, you can hear your table guest talk. Patio area looks nice-will come back to try it when its a little cooler. Great selection of lighter fair with a nice glass of wine and conversation. Highly recommend.
3	I came here on a hot Phoenix afternoon and sat outside. The outside was decent. Nice chill decor and large trees for shade. (except the tree kept on dropping things on the table). I tried the Bruschetta (the spicy copa..., apples..., and roasted eggplant...). The roasted eggplant didn't have a lot of flavor. The apples were hard to eat because they were just cut up long ways and stacked on the bread and kept on falling of when I bit into it. The fig jam was good though. The most flavorful was the spicy copa, but it was kind of gross seeing oil drip down when I saw my boyfriend eating it. The bread itself wasn't that good though, either. Also tried the TImo Benedict, and that was pretty tasty. The egg was nicely cooked, but I got grossed out after crunching on some egg shell (I was able to spit some of the egg shell out.) The asparagus was also really oily. Overall, the flavors were good and there was a good attempt at making its dishes better than average.
4	I first came here for a working lunch and found it to be very easy going and unique.  I thoroughly enjoyed the extensive patio area.  The food was excellent and the staff was friendly.  Make sure you schedule extra time because the wait time is a little longer than usual, probably because their food is made fresh.
4	This is a great little restaurant and wine bar, a very unexpected surprise when I went to dinner here after visiting grandma in the hospital down the street.  The food is good and the service is excellent.  It's not at all what I expected to find on Central and Dunlap.  Hopefully I won't be visiting JCL hospital anytime soon, but if I am in the area I'll probably stop by Timo to get something to eat.
4	FINALLY got to try this place...it's been on the list for a while now!  Came for a late brunch with one of the brunch buddies and it was just lovely.  We sat inside (if IS August, after all) and had a bloody while perusing the menu.  Our server, Emily, was a big help, recommending the frittata and the crab cake bennie.  The chef made a mistake and made a breakfast flatbread for me instead and it was just heavenly!  I'm looking forward to going back when it's cool enough to sit outside and lounge.  The Bloody was nice but I suspect I will be trying something a tad more exotic from the intriguing menu on my next trip.  The playlist was really entertaining and I really dig that they are dog-friendly.  Thumbs up, all the way!  The way to get to 5 stars?  I'll let you know after I try the desserts.
4	My husband and I were in the area and wanted some brunch, so I looked to my Yelp app and found Timo. The brunch menu had a lot of great sounding options, I went with the egg white frittata and my husband had the crab cake benedict. We both thought it was pretty cool to see the chef make our meals in the exposed kitchen with a wood fired oven. My frittata was fantastic! The eggs were super fluffy, the roasted vegetables were crunchy and flavorful, and the goat cheese and bread crumbs really tied the dish together. My husbands crab cake benedict was very good too, the crab tasted fresh, the hollandaise was perfect, and the potatoes were cooked very well. They only thing we preferred, is that typically the poached egg on benedicts have runny yokes, where as this poached egg had a solid yolk. It was just a little overcooked for our preference, but the dish was still quite good. I took a look at the patio and it was awesome, super welcoming setup with a fire pit and lot's of comfortable seating. I can't wait to come back with the pup when the weather gets nicer!
4	Maybe even 5 stars.  My lady and I met here on a our first date.  The inside is set up nice with good ambiance.  The outside seating area is crazy good.  Lots of comfortable seats and is huge and has interesting decor.Wine is wine and as good as it comes.  Food was Artichoke dip first time and second time was a Proschiutto, Fig and blue cheese appetizer.  Yeah...way good!
5	I was so sad when Bomberos closed, but so excited when Timo opened in its place.  I absolutely love this patio...so relaxing and a great place to enjoy a lazy Sunday drinking sangria or whatever other tasty cocktail they mix up for you.  Love that they offer happy hour prices on Sundays too...bonus!
4	This is a really cool local spot. The food is amazing, the staff is friendly and watching the chef cook using that stone oven is quite entertaining. Timo has a great thing going. We need more like this place in North Central Phoenix.
5	I'm on the fence between 4 and 5 stars, but I think they deserve the 5.The interior has a really cool ambiance and interior decoration is neat.The staff was very nice and attentive (except when they noticed I was writing and they didn't interrupt my train of thought until I stopped writing).The coffee was pretty good, I was hoping for a cappuccino or a latte, but their machine was out of commission. The Timo Benedict (their signature eggs Benedict) is phenomenal. The biscuit they use is soft, fluffy and crisp all at the same time. The egg was done perfectly (maybe a little less runny than I'm used to though). The hollandaise sauce was of of this world. Even the seasoned potatoes and asparagus on the side were done perfectly and really complemented the meal. The only thing I didn't get was the addition of avocado slices and a few sun-dried tomatoes, which didn't really add to the flavors of the dish. They were really good though even if they didn't feel like a part of the dish. Oh, and the thick tomato in the eggs Benedict was so fresh and thick cut, beautiful dish as well as tasty. It really hit the spot, thanks Timo! :)
4	Find this place on a whim.So glad I did.Well def be one of my go ToThe drinks were so good and flavorful and I could taste the liquor.Food was also good.Went for happy hour.Will be back to chill outside with a bottle of wine very soon
4	This place is too far from downtown to be at all convenient.  Still, I have a friend who lives and works nearby and we have met at Timo's several times.  This is a nice, quiet place that is both relaxed and welcoming.  The menu is not extensive, but the food is good, fresh and somewhat unique.  The restaurant is good any time of the year.  It has a nice, large patio for when the weather is nice and the closed portion of the restaurant is good all year-round, but particularly inviting in winter when the pizza oven and the fireplace can be used to their full effect.
2	Well, I hate when I'm the outlier to otherwise really good reviews, because it means we probably just caught them on a bad night. That being said, we won't ever be back. Went last Sunday evening for my birthday, service was terrible. And I mean not just normal terrible but I thought about leaving less than 15% terrible which is just unheard of for ex servers like us. Food was only mediocre.The first of our party of four arrived and was seated on the patio at 5:55. The patio is amazing of course with all the nice couches etc, unless you are sat at a little plastic fold up table with folding chairs like we were. The rest of us arrived at 6 and finally at 6:10 our server came by for the first time and took our drink order. We still didn't even have waters yet. Our server was clearly swamped, and seemed responsible for the entire patio which was full. We would have to flag her down for every interaction going forward, and then wait forever for whatever we ordered to arrive.I started with a glass of sangria, it was okay. We had the cheese board and the bruschetta, they were okay. We had a couple of pizzas, they were okay. The food was noticeably worse than, Postino for example. My companions all thought the pizza was pretty good, but they are wrong. :)So yeah, I'm sure it's better than the experience we had there and I don't feel like blathering on about just how bad the service was that night, but I won't be back. Oh another thing, they cut their bruschetta into 3 slices instead of 4. Our little group of 4 are regulars at Postino who of course do 4 slices each so that was pretty tilting. :)
4	The decor is a bit modern for my taste, but the food and ambiance are great. The place is small in a way that lends to an intimate and out-of-the-way feel. The service is not intrusive. They aren't fast, but then I didn't show up for a fast food experience either. I wanted to enjoy some good food and drinks while having an uninterrupted conversation. I've been to Timo three times and never left disappointed.
3	This is a great little place,  has very good food, and friendly waitstaff. The decor is beautiful, and the patio is so pretty.BUT..... I just can't understand, in all the reviews, no one mentions the FLIES on the patio !!!! It was the same with Bombero's!  I don't know if it's the location or what, but I will never go back...for that one reason.  I feel horrible saying this, because I loove to support local establishments.  But frankly, the last two times I had lunch there, I gave up, and abandoned my food  to the flies.  They are relentless!!
5	If table seating is unavailable, consider sitting at the bar.  The most comfortable bar chairs I've ever experienced.  Great wine selection, small plates, big plates and gourmet sandwiches on homemade bread.  The staff is friendly and very accommodating.  Great ambience, too.  Once a table opened up, the hostess checked in with us to see if we'd like to move, and we did.  Love this place.  Had a very California-feel to it. We each chose different entrees and shared... Very yummy.
4	First time here..lasagna and a bottle of wine for 22 bucks..great deal..great food.great service. We will be back..
5	right off the bike trail.  Great for after noon lunch and wine.  I had a chicken sandwich, it was delicious! Great ambiance, good service.
5	Took my husband out here for dinner on his birthday. Called ahead and made a reservation for a table for two on the patio. Everything was ready when we got there.Every table gets water in a nice glass bottle, which was a great touch. Our server was very nice to explain the menu. When we got there they still had happy hour. We ordered wine for $5 a glass, and some appetizers. The smoked salmon and the spicy salami bruscheta's were all very tasty and the perfect starters. We also got their starter apple wood fire wings, also very good. Then as our maim dish we ordered the short rib pizza to share. I was a little worried at first that it would be too heavy or too much, but it wasn't. It was perfect and she also brought out fresh parmesan cheese, which I love. When she asked if we wanted to order desert, I mentioned that it was my husband's bday, and so she gave us the resert menu and said we had to pick one and it would be on the house. How nice is that?And so we got to try the peach cobbler. It was the perfect combination of sweet and sour peachy flavors. There is no other way I can describe it.Needless to say we had a great time there. Loved the patio with all the lights and the fire pit when it got dark. Very romantic but chil vibe. Cannot wait to go back.
5	ate there again tonight, had the homemade bread, YUM!!!  We had some minor issues with our server, she totally screwed up our order but the General Manager made it right!  I would highly, highly recommend this restaurant for great bread, pizza and ambiance!!
5	Great outdoor patio setting and our waitress Michelle had great food and wine suggestions.   Highly recommend this place.
5	Timo has to be one of the best hidden places in central Phoenix. They have a great menu and atmosphere. I've had Alexis as my server a few times and she is the best! I would highly reccomend asking for her as your server! They also had excellent specialty drinks! Keep up the good work!
4	Its been almost a year since I've been to Timo and don't know why I waited so long.  It was another near perfect lunch with a delightful waiter - thanks Robbie - and one of THE BEST Bloody Mary's I've ever had.  It was garnished with asparagus, olives and shaved paremsan and it was perfectly seasoned.  YUM!  Had the Timo Trio which includes your choice of soup (went with the Butternut Squash this time), salad dressed with cranberries and bacon, and the sandwich of the day on a delicious roll.  It was a perfect day to sit out on the back patio.  Don't think I'll wait so long for my next trip.
5	My boyfriend took me here on a date and I gotta say this place blew me away. Not only was the patio cute but they had heaters (a big plus for me in Arizona winters) so we sat down and got immediate service. We started off with smoked salmon on corn cakes. They were sublime! Then had their homemade bread with pesto and honey butter. My boyfriend got the eggplant lasagna with sausage and I got their special which was a steak in some kind of reduction  and blu cheese. I highly recommend this place if you have the money because it was a bit pricey. All in all I loved it!!
4	I'm still a HUGE fan of this place, but I ordered a margarita pizza with sausage on my most recent visit and I was not impressed. The crust was good - that's about it. Besides that it barely had any sauce or cheese but was completely covered with huge pieces of basil and large chunks of garlic. The sausage pieces were also huge chunks and hard to eat. Sadly, this is the first menu item I've been disappointed with here. I'd skip it.
4	This was a cute little wine bar that I'm very glad I found thanks to Yelp! It was a Thursday night and there was a decent amount of people outside in the patio area. I was glad that I had made a reservation in advance because it was awesome going right to our table for 10 girls without a wait of any hassle! the staff was extremely helpful (and we all agreed they were super cute). The weather was nice outside and although it got colder as the night crept in, they had a huge fire pit and gas powered heaters scattered throughout. The live music was wonderful and the musician was funny and took requests. He even allowed our friend Ricki to perform her original song! It was awesome! We ate a bunch of appetizers like salmon bruschetta, chicken wings, escargot, and spinach dip I think it was. The flatbreads were great too! They have a great selection of wine, we stayed for hours getting tipsy in a classy manner, it was after all my sister's last night as a single lady!
2	The food was decent, but service was terrible. Probably the worst we have experienced in a while.  Thursday night, not busy at all -but the waitress took 45 minutes to come back for our food order after the initial drinks order. We had to get someone else who worked there to get her attention. The food came out 35 minutes after that. Not sure what took so long to make a pizza and a prosciutto sandwich. Were they butchering the pig out back for the prosciutto?  This was not our first time here, but no one at our table would probably be back.
4	This is really more of a 3.5 star place than 4 but I'm feeling generous today. I love the drive up Central to this place as the homes remind me of where I grew up so it pushed it to the 4.I've been to Timo twice now, once for lunch inside during the week with a girlfriend and most recently, with my fiance for dinner on the patio. I do remember thinking the place was really cute inside and I really enjoyed the patio at dinner, though it was a bit chilly the night we went and were never offered a heater. I didn't encounter flies on the patio as another yelper mentioned but I did have a tree just over head that was shedding it's needle shaped leaves that were all over our table and chairs when we arrived. The hostess never offered to sweep them off and just placed the menu's over them so we had to clear them off ourselves. Luckily none ended up in our food, at least not that I noticed or tasted :) We both ordered the butternut squash soup and I thought it was delicious! I even ate what my fiance couldn't because I thought it was so good. I opted for the oven-roasted chicken salad, which was good once I added another dressing option to give it more flavor and my fiance got the spicy salami pizza. His pizza was definitely spicy though because his nose was running and he was sweating but he said he enjoyed it! Service was pretty slow all night but that was okay since we weren't in any hurry and we had a mix of waiters throughout the evening. All in all, this place is cute and has pretty good food and I like the firepit on the patio. It would a good place to grab a few drinks and relax for an our or two even if you didn't want to eat.
5	Had a great time at Timo Wine Bar. We were seated right away at the fire pit, but took a while to get our drinks. They were super busy, as everyone was out enjoying the weather. I have to say that the wait was worth it. We got the Sunday special, bottle of wine & eggplant lasagna...so good and I'm not a big fan of eggplant. The manager gave us a peach cobbler due to the long wait, also super tasty. They have an awesome patio and looking forward to coming back soon!
2	Ive been going to timo for about a year now. At first I was blown away by the chicken pesto blt and the timo bread with citrus butter. Over time I've noticed the quality of these items as well as the service start to decline. This last time I ordered the same two items. Our timo bread was very burnt. I was surprised that a chef would send that let alone that a server would take that to a table. Then my sandwhich. First, I noticed that instead of using sundried tomatoes they now use to large slices of raw tomatoe wich really brought it down. Second I realized that there was no bacon on my sand which. When I told the waitress she started informing me that it wasn't really a blt but they substitute bacon with a "slice of pork"...? After a few minutes of discussion I was given a side of fried pancetta...This place used to be epic but has declined greatly. It's not gross but not worth paying the price tag for what you're servedWay bummed:(
1	Have given up on Timo.  Was patient for awhile during many visits with inattentive service and inconsistent food.   Not anymore.  Last week, watched orders pile up without any staff getting them to the diners and just had to leave after asking for water and was told "we are out of water glasses."  (Note to self: OK, it's hot, maybe improvise and trying pouring water into a wine glass?) The food has really declined too, not feeling the love anymore.
5	Just ended the evening tonight (5-1-14), at Timo's for a retirement party and the staff and food was excellent!  We rented out the restaurant for a party of 30+ and everyone couldn't get over this jewel on north Central Ave.  We originally wanted the patio but that was booked for a reception.  The inside worked perfectly, however, with 3-4 waitresses attending to the guests, serving the hor d'oeuvres and taking drink orders.  A very nice and special night off the beaten path-thank you to Michelle,  Samantha and the rest of the Timo's team for making the evening so enjoyable and memorable!  Greg, Genine and Taylor.
4	We came here last night, Cinco de Mayo for dinner.  It was my first time.  Lynne had been here before. We  arrived about 7ish and it was empty.  Well whenever I arrive at a restaurant around dinner time and it is empty, I get pretty nervous thinking..what does everyone else know about this place that I don't!  The service was even pretty slow to be initially greeted outside after being seated.  Apparently they were having a major computer system challenge.  How ever once we were greeted by our server, it was all AMAZING from that point on.....As I mentioned, Lynne had been here before and really liked it.  When I told her my thoughts she offered to go somewhere else.  I simply said that we were here now, let's stay so we know whether we will come back again or not!  We sat outside on the patio and it was amazingly beautiful! Michelle was our server. She had such a warm, personable service oriented attitude. I had the cedar plank salmon and Lynne had the wood fire roasted chicken.  They were both OFF THE CHAIN, cooked PERFECTLY!  I was very pleasantly surprised how great the food was and that was topped off by superb service and a wonderful ambiance outside.  We WILL be back!
5	We love this place! The atmosphere, the service and the food are all top notch. The first time we came to Timo's it was my birthday. I did some hunting on Yelp as we really enjoy tapas I was looking to a place to get them. The menu has some delightful tapas or appetizers as they the portions for them are are on the big side. I have had the escargot on several occasions and the first time was simply amazingly good. This dish does seem to very depending on the cook that is working but it has never been bad. The artichoke dip is another that's always outstanding.There bruschetta is quite nice it has a bit of a twist to it as you can select from a variety of toppings from traditional to neuvo. The wood fired pizza is terrific! The sandwiches to die for yummy... And have I mentioned the wine... It is a solid list of good wines at really reasonable values. They are hand picked and change regularly, most can be by the glass or the bottle. There are three specials two of which are in the menu. The third you need to know about as it is a hidden one for regular customers. Look for the Sunday and Monday specials on the menu, they both will make for a great meal for two including the wine... for the price most of us would gladly pay for the bottle alone. *** Tip The third requires you to be on the email list and is sent out on a regular basis. Check out the web site for details ***I may add more later to this review, just know you will find this Jem of the Desert a true oasis from the mondane.
5	I fell in love with this place! I travel a lot and always try to find healthy and local places to try. They were extremely accommodating with me dietary restrictions and had a variety of vegetarian and gluten free options. I loved the Beet salad and the tapas lamb chops were excellent for a small plate! They have a decent wine list and a decent happy hour on good vino! Contemporary atmosphere with a relaxed vibe. I will be back!
5	I had been to their sister restaurant in Sedona and decided to give this place a try. It definitely had a loungier vibe, and was significantly smaller. But the amazing, adjoining outdoor patio made up for it. Great music, friendly staff and a cozy atmosphere were major pluses. Our server Nicole was sweet as pie and very accommodating. We mostly did small plates but they had a killer happy hour as well. I would definitely recommend you try out this lovely neighborhood spot. The area is beautiful, with large trees lining the street all the way up central, where it is located. It was too hot to sit on the patio, but I will definitely be back after sunset to check it out. All in all a great experience. Please check them out and ask for Nicole, she was great!
2	My last trip here was very disappointing.  Where to begin?   It took a while for our server to show up.  Interesting side note: While waiting for our server we couldn't help but notice out of the 24 patrons in the restaurant 23 were female LOL!  The happy hour menu was okay but nothing too spectacular, select wines $5 or $7 dollars, select cocktails were I think $5, and some discounted apps, bruschetta $3.  We ordered two cocktails and a bruschetta.  They didn't have the cucumber for the drink I selected so I had them modify it with raspberries...didn't have that either.  Anyway I ended up with an interesting gin drink, which worked because I was very thirsty at that point.  The bruschetta that was supposed to come out of the brick oven looked good BUT was cold.  I mean it was cooked in a brick oven , somebody probably changed their mind or whatever; it was then put it in a fridge to preserve it and failed to heat it up again, which was then served to us cold.  At that point we decided not to have dinner here and left to go somewhere else.  I am very disappointed, I loved this place when it opened!
4	Checked out Timo's for the first time yesterday. Fell in love with the Brie soup and salmon small plate. My only complaint is that they are so far! ;)
5	I thought this place was great!!! It had comfortable seating which is really important when you're just going to hang out and have a bottle of wine and catch up with friends. There was ample parking and the server was prompt, courteous, and had personality. I felt like they had a wide range of choices on the menu. I had the Brie soup which was amazing and crazy rich. My friend had a chicken salad and she said it was amazing. I was happy with the prices. I didn't feel gouged or like we were just paying for being in a "trendy spot." All in all, I would probably choose Timos over postinos primarily because of the comfortable seating (not jam packed in next to strangers) and the ease of parking. Glad we tried this based on it's yelp review!
5	The most amazing Brussels sprouts salad I've ever had tonight. Delicious mustard dressing and sweet dried fruits and nuts, I'll be back to try more. Thank you!
4	I had only been to Timo once before for drinks, but finally had the opportunity to go for a favorite Yelper's birthday brunch a few months ago.We had two large tables, and the servers were able to keep up beautifully.  The mimosa flight was a great deal with glasses of orange, grapefruit, and cranberry.  The grapefruit was my favorite.  Damn it!  I'm not supposed to have grapefruit.  Oh well, it was worth it.  I also hesitatingly ordered the crab cake benedict.  The last time I tried this at another restaurant, the crab cake tasted more like a fish patty.  Not at Timo, it was perfect.  Well, the yoke was maybe a tad overcooked, but that's okay with me.I would happily return for brunch again!
4	I never give 5 stars but this deserves more than 4 and the chef cooks at the wood fire oven in the middle of the kitchen so you can watch your food get cooked!
1	No one wears gloves at all when preparing any food, they touch everything.  Will notgo there again, and, it is too small and too noisy
5	Quick stop after work for a drink and appetizers. Just missed happy hour. If you can get there before 6pm they have some great deals. Very nice atmosphere, cute and trendy. They had the white chocolate beer that my husband and I love. The service was quick and the food was yummy! We shared the spinach and artichoke app along with the spicy salami pizza. We will be back again!
3	My daughter and I had brunch there last Sunday out on the patio. The waitress was great, the food was good but the patio was so dirty I couldn't stop wanting to power wash the whole place. They have the biggest, shadiest patio with misters!  This place should be packed every weekend. Come on... Just clean it up a bit!! Trim the dead branches. Plant some cool flowers. It wouldn't be that big of an expense. They are waiting in line at postinos down the street.
5	My friend and I after a networking event decided to get a quick bite to eat. We checked out Yelp for pizza & wine and found this wonderful place.  Loved the quiet relaxed atmosphere and great service! We ordered the pizza and wine special for the evening and had the fun talking with our great sever Adryan.  We will most definitely be back.  Great for an intimate dinner for 2 or girl night for pizza and wine.
4	Ok, so a little bit of a mixed bag, but leaning much more towards the positive. Very convenient parking and a garden area out back. Very clean, nice decor, great ambience, tastefully decorated. Reminded me of similar places in London. However the bench seats are too low and soft, my companion almost vanished into one. I had a glass of Reisling, and to be honest if I didn't know it I would have said it was a Chardonnay. It lacked the crispness and 'bite' of a good Reisling, but not unpleasant to drink. My companion's mimosa was excellent! The food was really good too, and nicely presented and the service was great. Overall a very pleasing experience and I certainly intend to go back.
5	I eat eggs but I'm not a fan of them.  Today I had the best eggs ever on the Brunch Flat Bread at Timo's.  Now I understand why people eat eggs.  The crust was remarkable.  The burrata cheese was a new taste surprise.  Fruit bowl was mostly cantaloupe but that was OK because the quality of the fruit was great.  Service was on point.  Loved the inside vibe.  Can't wait until it cools down to check out the outside vibe.  Only helpful hint...Mimosa was too tart.  Would have preferred more orange juice.  I was there with a brunch group and everyone else had great food too.
5	Try the brussels sprout salad. I LOVE brussels sprouts and this plate is to die for.Good, friendly service.  They have a great thing going.
1	I have been to Timo a few times and always enjoyed it.  However, this last time I went the bartender was very rude. I didn't know the hours were different than what was posted on the website.  We came in and just wanted drinks and we were told that would be fine.  Then we were rushed because the bartender wanted to go home. Our server was very nice. The bartender came over to us and started to take our bottle of wine and informed us "it was time to go". I have never been so rushed out of somewhere while finishing a drink. Very rude and have just lost customers because of this. Too bad because I did like this place.
5	Precision! Excellent service. Great food. Wait staff were fluid in their service as was the chef!
4	I think this might be the spot. this place is so cute. Love the layout. :))) butttttt... let me start off by saying parking was ridiculous!!! Who has a parking spot that only has 8 spots... Omg. I parked right across the plaza from the gas station. We walked!!!! :(We started off with the artichoke dip. It was fabulous. It was spot on creamy and hot. The bread with crunchy and it well with the dip. We also had the margherita pizza. Very declious :))The waiter wasn't very helpful nor seem like he likes his job. I asked for new plates because the plates we have on the table was wet and muggy look. He took forever, so I went and got it myself. This was his response when he saw me get them " thanks for getting them, (shaking his head) " wow.  really?!? Oh there's more. So my girlfriend and I ordered the Creme Brule. He came over and had the torch to caramelized the top of the creme Brule. I said awesome, do you mind if I record this. He said " wow, what is this world come to when you have to instagram everything" seriously?! I just snarled at him.  Seriously,  the food was great, the dessert was delicious.  But this guy must be a joke... riight?!I'll be back, but not to that kind of service.
4	This place is such a hidden gem.  Love everything here they make killer cocktails and pretty much anything else.  The patio is great and love the ambience.  I was a tad disappointed with the pizza I ordered, but lamb chops were good as well as the bruschetta but my favorite thing on the menu is the peach cobbler.  Yum!
5	Timo's wine bar surpassed all expectations. Located right by my house I decided to check the restaurant out and boy was I glad I did. They offer a large assortment of wine with a unique and appetizing menu. I had their Mediterranean flat bread personal pizza which was absolutely amazing. The crust had just the right amount of crispness and the portion was filling. However I was more taken aback by the restaurant itself. We decided to sit outside on the patio which had a very trendy upscale feel. It had comfortable seating arrangements complete with string lights, a fire pit, and misters for those uncomfortable Arizona nights. I couldn't help but compare the restaurant to Postino's as it offers similar food and ambiance however Timo's definitely comes out on top. Postino's is often cramped with outrageous wait times and I have to say that the venue is a lot nicer here with better food. This place is an awesome restaurant to either bring a group of friends as they have good drink specials with large amounts of group seating or the perfect place to take a date as it's super classy with great food and lighting. Great job Timo's you've definitely impressed me and I will be sure to be back.
4	Excellent! Four of us came here during restaurant  week and loved the place. Very romantic. There is a fireplace in the back but rain prevented us from enjoying it. Food was excellent and they have a large list of wine.A must try for a special occasion :)
4	Trying this place after a few recommendations from friends. Service was attentive but not personalized. We shared a breakfast sandwich and a flatbread. Both were great and we're of good value. All and all, pretty happy with our visit. I would have ordered drinks if they had happy hour brunch specials.
5	Their benedicts are awesome!  Both are very good as are the momosas.  Will be back for sure!
5	Love the patio here!! Great for a glass of wine by the fire! Love the whole atmosphere! The fig app is my absolute favorite... I'm kinda obsessed. Love the pizzas... My second favorite is the Brie and prosciutto sandwich. It's perfection with the olive tapenade.
5	We LOVE this place. My husband & I chilled on the quaint patio sipping great wine. Ask for Nathan. He made us feel like new friends hanging out on his patio. AND the food was great! Try the beet salad & something from the wood fired oven, we had the Mediterranean white pizza. A-mazing.
5	My wife and I have a new favorite restaurant. Excellent food and service. We will be back.
5	1st time here and I'm thoroughly impressed!! Unbelievable atmosphere. Spectacular hospitality. Ask for Nathan, he's out of this world. Goes above and beyond!! Couldn't have asked for a more positive and enjoyable evening. Thank you!! Again.....Thoroughly impressed!!! Check it out!
5	This was my second visit but this time for lunch and with my husband. I wanted him to try the Margherita pizza which I enjoyed my first time. It was cold outside so we both got the Normandy brie soup with black truffle.  This was a little salty for my taste but still delicious. The service and food has been consistently good.  This is a place you can go with some friends or on a date.  I'll be back with my husband and friends for dinner soon.
5	Great meal.  Antipasta player chicken Blt fabulous.  Meatballs delicious  but small but worth nine.  Empty night but atmosphere feat for date night. Server attentive
