3	I was here against my will, having been dragged along with 23 other work people, to have a group dinner after a very long flight.I had wanted to try out Four Peaks Brewing Co. or Camus, since the Yelp reviews were quite good for those two places.Anyway, I was pretty impressed with the fact that although we had 24 people, and reservations, they were able to seat us immediately. We got a room to ourselves, and dedicated wait staff. The staff was friendly, and attentive.I admit that I didn't try the appetizers because I could tell there would be a lot of food. I had one of their biscuits, which was fluffy and tasty with the sweetened butter they served it with. My dirty K.O. martini was tasty, too. They had a crudite plate (raw veggies) that was less than appealing... just some sticks of jicama, carrots, black olives and radishes rolling around in a bowl that looked like a horse trough. The quesadillas they put out looked really good, though, and people enjoyed them. I tried half of a grilled portabello mushroom app, and while tasty, it was grilled a bit too much and was a little tough. Flavor was good, though.For dinner, I had the half-rack of baby back ribs. They were VERY good. The mashed potatoes weren't that hot anymore, so they had gotten kind of hard on top. I understand it's hard to cook for 24 people, and have the food arrive around the same time, but it seems like they could've waited to slop your potatoes on the plate until before they were going to serve them up. The meat was tender and very tasty on the ribs. I could only eat half of a half. Gave the rest away... if I had a fridge at the hotel, it would've gone with me!Couldn't even fathom dessert. The food was plenty enough for me! The ambiance was nice. Would've been better if there weren't smoking allowed in the lounge part of the restaurant. That was the worst part of the experience. Being from California, I"m not used to having to smell second hand smoke while eating anymore. It may have been a better experience if we didn't have 24 people... I probably won't get a chance to rate it again. I'd really say that it was about a 3.5, if I'm going to be honest about it. I really did love my ribs and drink and the service was exceptional.
4	The Stockyards is in the running for the title of "Phoenix's Original Steakhouse." My dad worked here when he was in high school and he is about to turn sixty, if that gives you an idea. And I think it was my dad's residual loyalty that brought us back here many times during my formative years. It stands out in my mind how friendly and courteous the staff always was, which, as I know now, isn't always easy when you're dealing with little smartasses like I undoubtedly was as a six year old.As a grown-up, the two things that strike me about the Stockyards are the quality of the food they serve and the authentic feel of the Old West decor. I think the only negative I can think of is its location: almost too close to the airport. Then again, it makes it a perfect "celebrate someone is back in town" by picking them up and making the four minute drive over to chow down on some amazing beef.
4	this used to be right between  to the phoenix stock yards and cudahy meat packing plant.real western place the bar realy was shiped around the horn.     great steak   order the steak and the best margaretta  any where
3	I had no idea this place was so fancy!  I'm glad we went for a late lunch when there were only a few people there.  When we walked in, we looked like a small ninja team.  All we needed were our turtle shells and goggles!  Had it been crowded for the regular lunch crowd, we might not have stayed.  I was thinking this restaurant would be similar to Cattleman's Steakhouse in Oklahoma City.  WRONG.That being said, the service we received was as if we were dressed in our Sunday best.  It was phenomenal.  We were presented with the lunch menu and I immediately found myself torn between the sliced prime rib with cheddar cheese and the BBQ beef sandwich.  The combo of the cheddar with the prime rib didn't sound too appealing, although our server told us he loves it so much he eats one three times a week (I wouldn't admit to something like that!).  I decided to get the BBQ sandwich to be safe.My sandwich arrived on a regular sized bun with a huge heaping of meat in it.  I didn't eat the top portion of the bun; only the bottom with the meat on top.  The taste was both tangy and sweet, with just a nice hint of spice.  My sandwich came with an order of skinny fries and a pickle.  It wasn't exactly cheap (9.00), but I didn't have any regrets about ordering it.  I'm still curious about the prime rib sandwich, so I may have to go back for that this week some time.
5	Yum, can you say great steak?This is another of my father's favorite haunts after the car races at Manzanita.  Back in his day they did not serve alcohol and he and his racing cronies would bring their own bottles.My first trip here was over 40 years ago when they still had the stockyards next door.  Worst imaginable smell in the world greeted my nostrils when we got out of the car and rushed inside.  Once inside the only aroma was that of sizzling steak.The stockyards are long gone but the steaks are still there.
5	Great place to bring clients.  Service was EXCELLENT and sincere.Food was delicious.Food cooked to perfection.The decor is classic. Linens on the table.
2	I know this place has been around forever and is well established in the Valley. But I think its about time for some CPR! Everything about this place inside and out screams old school...all the way down to the service staff's uniforms! Ummmm...has anyone else noticed that this place used to be their parent's old stomping grounds? That's cool but how but making it inviting for the 30-40 yr old crowd? I had prime rib that was barely warm and I swear had the flavor of a dry piece of toast! The most bland Prime I've ever had. The "fresh" horseradish I requested on the side was even bland. My friend had the buffalo meatloaf (half buffalo/half ground sirloin). Now that my Dear Reader was a home run! Tender and full of flavor! The ribs were decent and the "baseball" fillet was par at best also. We went on a Friday night and were 4 of perhaps 20 other people in this huge place! The website reads like its scrumptous. When in fact, the experience was more like waiting in line at the new hot club only to find no one inside! Oh....the only redemption was the desert. Pecan pie and their citrus creme brulee....Both make you rub your belly!!!Bon Appetite!
5	Awesome steaks. This place has certainly changed over the years. It has recently been updated and given a face lift, but the top rate service and food has remained a constant. Ryan, if you are looking for cheap, tough meat Monti's in Tempe is fine, but if you are looking for something a bit more refined this is the place. The Prime Rib is one of the best in town. Some people are dressed up and others are in Jeans or nice shorts.
5	Fantastic Restaurant!Excellent atmosphere... less casual than dressy but not entirely dressy.Polo and Khakis is prevalent. A dress shirt and dress pants is about the end point for the dress code. Excellent place to hold dinner conversation as it's not noisy. Excellent menu choices. The made a great Filet for me. Even the Baseball Sirloin looks good.This place isn't meant to be a get in/get out eatery. You go here so that you can enjoy a good time with some friends or business associates over dinner.
5	Me and my girl went here last night for dinner and I had heard good things but was not sure what I was in for. To my surprise when i stepped in through the large copper doors I was amazed. This is a very nice place to eat. It challenges any top tier steakhouse in the phoenix area and in my opinion beats them. The reason is the value of the menu. You get great cornbread and biscuits, a relish plate soup or salad and a side of your choice included in the price. Mastros, Mortons and all the other greats are ala carte, and here its all included, and honestly i felt like i got a better steak. I went with the prime rib dubbed "best of the west" and they were right. It was one of if not the best I ever had. My sweetheat had the combo oscar which had a small peice of salmon and a filet. Everything was cooked to perfection, the oscar sauce was delicious..so were the soups and salads. Service was over the top and even though it was my first time there, i felt like a regular. Would I go back...you better believe it. This place seemed to attract an older crowd, but it was very nice and classy.I can't understand why it  was not more crowed than it was. After eating there i feel obligated to spread the word. This is the best steakhouse in Phoenix. Give it a chance and you will be pleasantly surprised.  Eat up and enjoy!!!
3	Received a recommendation from the hotel. What a refreshing experience from all of the chain steak houses (maybe this place is a small chain, don't know). I think the original Cartwrights work here, Hoss was our waiter! The steaks were great, decent wine list; affordable and tasty. The only quirky thing and I'm sure it was a one time thing, but my boss and I each ordered wedge salads, and Hoss came back and told us they were out. Running out of prime rib or 48 oz porterhouse, but a head of lettuce? Great service as well. Will possibly return, but I'll brown bag my head of lettuce.
5	Now, my 5 stars is solely from one lunch there, but it couldn't be beat.  Their signature "Maverick" burger is one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Complement it with some fries and potato salad, you can't go wrong!
4	I like steak. After wanting to try this place for years, I had the open face steak sandwich yesterday for lunch. When it arrived I thought ok, I'm taking half of this home. Yeah, right, good luck with that one Anne ol' girl, as I licked the last of the juices off my plate. Onion rings, slaw, pickle...all good but a waste of stomach space compared to the meat. My associates both had the prime rib sandwich and loved it. The atmosphere is completely old school, and the crowd was mostly men who, from the sounds of the conversation, are in the construction/mining/manufacturing/heavy equipment industries. I can't wait to go back for dinner - maybe take the light rail.
3	I really wanted to be able to give the Stockyards a higher rating. It was satisfactory, and I might go back, but I wasn't knocked out, sadly. Perhaps it was just my dish, or an off night.The prime rib was a little tasteless and not very tender. The whiskey mashed sweet potatoes were great (and I absolutely plan to try to duplicate them at home) although they needed seasoning. Shrimp cocktail was impressive and yummy, salad course was excellent. I just was not very impressed with that prime rib. If I ever go back, I will try a steak instead.
5	"Fine dining" is not just a setting.  it isn't just good food.  It is many things that add up to an attitude. I have had the opportunity to find it in different cities. I found it the other night at the Stockyards.We were seated by a host who took us to our table and when we were properly seated gave us menus.  Our server came to the table and introduced herself and said she would return shortly.  It was nice to have a moment to chat before we had to think about ordering.  When she did return,  our glasses were filled-not something we should have  to wait for her to do when the service is right.  She knew the selections on the menu and all available options and could make sensible comments concerning them.  Our salads were served promptly by two additional people and were as fresh as I could ask for.  When my friend was finished with hers they asked if they could take her plate.  I was pleased when they didn't ask me if I was finished with my salad and could they take my plate.  If I'd been finished I could have told them.  We were able to continue our conversation uninterrupted as I finished my salad.  The salad plate was removed  when it was appropriate and we had a few minutes before the entrees were served.  All was in keeping with a relaxed dining.  At no time did I have to think about having drinks refilled, it just happened quietly.After a few minutes our dinners were served by the two gentlemen and our server appeared to make sure they were to our satisfaction before we started.  There was no room for error there that couldn't be resolved before we started.  My friend had ordered a small steak. My friend is  quite elderly and Kathy, our server, discretely asked her if she'd like it cut for her.  A potato also was served with her dish.  I asked my friend which of the condiments she would like it prepared with.  She look at me and said "Prepared with?" She didn't understand what I was getting at but Kathy did and was already reaching for the potato.   She opened the potato and smiled while my friend said a bit of everything.  One doesn't go to a restaurant like the stockyards to have to deal with opening a hot potato and preparing it.   When serving is done properly, these things don't have to be discussed.  Kudos to, Kathy!!!.  That is part of the fine dining experience.I had a full rack of ribs which were so tender the meat fell of them.  The sauce had spice to it but not so strong the flavor of the meat was concealed.  I also can tell you that unless you are a big eater, half a rack would fill most people.  My friend said, "Yummy!"  and I agreed.  I am used to getting a finger bowl for clean up after eating, but I can't complain about the two extra napkins and several ways of cleaning my fingers that accompanied my ribs.  My friend let them know we were celebrating the 17th anniversary of my 39th birthday so they served me a free desert.  I can assure you the pecan pie is a delight!  Warm and laced with brandy, it was perfect way to finish our dinner.The stockyards, I might mention, is not inexpensive, but what an enjoyable way to spend your money. They do offer two dinner specials you won't find at most other places.  They do have a luncheon menu that has lower prices.   Don't expect chrome and music that is a bit to loud as many of the new places offer.  Instead, just enjoy a time and place where they pamper you as you should be when you go to the Stockyards.I don't consider the stockyards to be a place you where shorts and Nike's, but of course there are always a few.  I would say a nice shirt and slacks at least.
5	My hotel staff recommended this place, and I am glad they did!The waiter (Ron) gave us time to settle in and relax before he took our order.  His recommendation on the NY strip steaks was right on.  My friend ordered the dinner special that included elk.This place is how a restaurant should be, we weren't rushed after dinner and allowed to finish our cocktails while chatting.Next time I am in Phoenix I will be stopping by again.
4	02.08.10This place is super old school, down to the waiters.  It's like I stepped back in time, in a very good way.According to our Southwest in flight magazine, Spirit, this is one of the best steakhouses in the US.  I'm glad I got to try it!I had the prime rib [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ8ogksrNzUmREJggc1YOQ?select=uhk-7dQUEY6biQk7i8zZ7g] and the others had the filet mignon ceasar [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jZ8ogksrNzUmREJggc1YOQ?select=sFNlHqzPuqrBhvNkCxUD6Q].The prime rib came out perfectly.  Juicy, tender, extra au jus sauce for the dipping.  No complaints!The filet mignon came out a bit overdone, I've been told.  Order down!
4	I first heard of Stockyards back in the late '90s when I was living in OC.  A co-worker kept raving about it, reminding me over and over to be SURE to hit "Cattleman's" for a steak if/when I'm in Phoenix.  Whoops, he had the name wrong, for like 2 years.  I was out here on business at one point and tried to find it.  Not surprisingly, the wrong name made it, uh, impossible to locate.Fast forward a couple more years, and suddenly I'm a Valley resident.  Somewhere along the line, I'd figured out that the target joint was actually Stockyards, not "Cattleman's".  I've had dinner here a handful of times since, and have always enjoyed it immensely.The beef here is to die for.  Probably the best steak you can find anywhere in the Phoenix area.  Lots of other choices on the menu, but you're really missing out if you don't order steak here.  Lots of side order choices, all of which I've tried I've loved.  Beware the "calf fries", they are actually a certain body part that you might not want to eat.  Let's just say that Beavis and Butthead would be amused by the fact that they're on the menu.The light rail construction along Washington dealt a severe blow to business, and now that it's done, the economy apparently isn't helping either.  All of my recent visits have found the joint sadly semi-empty.  The location is odd.  They could use some sort of marketing boost via the local hotels.  Nobody I've dined with here has ever been the least bit disappointed with either the food or the experience.Stockyards rates a solid 4.25 stars on the Brak-o-Meter.  It's quite expensive, and that keeps me from giving it the coveted 5-star endorsement, as the value factor is just "ok".  But if the stiff tab doesn't deter you, I can virtually assure you that you will find your steak to be top shelf, comparable to any snobby steak joint in the land.  Without the snobbiness.
4	I have wanted to go to the Stockyard, but had not previously had the pleasure. I don't want to drive back toward work and try a pricey restaurant that might not be worth the trip. Rachael Ray recommends trying a place for lunch when it is cheaper and less of a wait - so that is what I did today. One area where Rachael's advice was incorrect was the wait - Friday during lunch was very busy. When I entered the host recommended that I go to the bar because the dining area was already full. The bar contains seating as well as seats at the bar itself.  With the available seating taken, I bellied up to the bar at looked over the lunch menu. A positive note is that the menu is the same in the bar as the dining room. Being during work hours I could not enjoy items from the behind the bar, but the guys just down the bar from me were ordering and I was excited to learn the Stockyard has Moose Drool on tap. Instead, I had the diet Pepsi.When the waitress asked if I was ready and I indicated not yet, I didn't realize that might be my only opportunity. I imagined she would only serve those at the bar; however, she also worked the room behind the bar and was constantly running back and forth. It took about 15-20 minutes, but eventually she returned to take my order. I went with the Grilled New York Strip Steak Sandwich. I don't know if the recession has caused a bread shortage, it is homage to Dr. Atkins or Webster has changed the definition of "sandwich", but typically I picture two pieces of bread surrounding the integral ingredient. Last week @ Robbie Fox's I was surprised that a sandwich came open faced. With the Stockyard menu providing a heading of "Sandwiches" and the brisket sandwich being called "Open Faced BBQ Beef Brisket", I foolishly assumed the other items not named "Open Faced" would have two pieces of bread. Not so. The sandwich arrived in about 10 minutes and was served on a single piece of bread with a side order of fries. Hmmm. That said, it was a regular sized steak - and for $15 a descent price. The steak itself was among the best I have ever tried. Tender, juicy and flavorful. The fries were crisp and tasty. Although I am not a fan of Westerns, the bar had a nice feel. A copper cash register in the back corner with a picture of John Wayne to the waitress' attire and appearance screamed Old West. It had a nice feel. I don't blame the waitress for slow service because she was hustling the entire time. I think management needs to monitor customer flow and if it is busy on a Friday afternoon, there should be a server working that room and letting the bartender focus on  the bar and the libations. The dinner menu escalates in price, but given what I had for lunch, the history and the atmosphere, I would like to come back and experience dinner in the dining room or maybe spend a quiet evening at the bar enjoying a Moose Drool or two.
4	Went there for dinner last night, on a visit to Phoenix.  My BF had read about it here on Yelp and decided it would be the "fancy dinner" for this trip.  There were plenty of casually-dressed patrons, so don't think dressing up is a requirement, tho'.We arrived a little earlier than our reservation, so hung out in the bar for a bit after checking in with the hostess,  When we returned to the hostess station about 20 minutes later, we were pleased that the gal remembered who we were and sat us immediately.  Our server, Bob, was jovial and very helpful with the menu choices.  Scott had the baseball cut steak (essentially a huge lump of beef -- very very tasty), and opted for the "Wild West Mix Grill" - elk, pike and wild boar & venison sausage.  The plate was enormous!  It was the first time I'd ever eaten elk, so I wasn't sure what to expect... I wasn't crazy about the first bite, but it grew on me.  The pike was well cooked and flaky, and the sausage was tasty as well.  I thought the chutney that came with the sausage was a little too strong in flavor, but others might like it.  My dish did not come with the whiskey sweet potato mash, but I wanted to try it so our server brought me a sample of it - YUMMY!  For dessert we shared the warm chocolate brownie with ice cream.  We were both stuffed.Table service was really good.  My water glass was never empty (one of my personal measurements of a good restaurant).  The waiter was very attentive, but not invasive.  It's not the quietest of restaurant - sound and voices really bounce around in there - but the atmosphere and decor are quite nice, and worth seeing.  Prices were a little high, but it's a high-end restaurant so you'd expect it.  The final tab for two entrees, a couple glasses of wine and dessert were still notably cheaper than a comparable dinner in Las Vegas.  We would definitely consider going again on a future trip to Phoenix.Tip: even if you're not a drinker, you should go take a look at the bar in the saloon.  It's huge, with really nice carvings,  Looks really Wild West authentic.
4	By far the best happy hour deal in all of Phoenix...free burgers, chips and salsa and 1/2 price beer!
4	This is an easy review for me... because the restaurant was accomodating, (we two business travelers arrived around 630p unannounced), the service was friendly and efficient, the interior is simple western motif, and our entire experience was both comfortable and delicious.We were staying at the Hilton Airport Hotel on the South side of the airport. When we quickly decided that a "petite filet and a baked potato" sounded like a winner, we hit the Verizon GPS. We only saw the name come up on our Verizon GPS, and we followed the instructions from the hotel, around the West side of the airport, and then East on Washington to the restaurant. I joked that if it had turned out to be like a Black Angus, or an Outback, I'd still be OK with making that our destination. We didn't want to go wandering all over Phoenix looking for a steakhouse.It's a historical landmark building, and we saw both business people and locals doing dinner. I really think it's what many of you guys call "a hidden gem." I say that because the location is in a sorta' bleak, industrial portion of Washington, just North of the airport. So don't go looking for a modern strip mall of fooderies. To me, the place looks more like the corporate offices for a rock quarry. But once you go past the copper clad double entry doors..... you'll know you're at a down home, upscale steakery!So, my simple recommendation is this... if you're in town like I am on business, this is a great place to take anyone! For the most part, steaks run around $30 to $45, depending on cut and size, and unless someone's cut out your tongue, I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy, or probably love your food! With a great bar and wine inventory, you'll probably float around $50 per person with one drink. Add app's and, well, the tab climbs a bit. And by the way, regarding your steaks... if you say "rare", then it's rare. And if you say "pink in the middle"..... that's what you'll get! Again; well worth what we paid.
4	During a corporate meeting a group of around 20 of us came to the Stockyard on a wednesday evening. I found the atmosphere of the restaurant to be great, and the food top notch. I had the petite filet and it was cooked to perfection. I had the berry shortcake for desert - the home made whipped cream and berries were delightful, but the short cake was a bit overdone and dry. Our servers were efficient and met any special requests/allergies with ease,  but did tend to cross the line a bit when making jokes about it. Overall I would come back here when we are in AZ again because the steak was so good.
4	This is one of the better steaks you can find in town. Excellent service. The antique bar and the history of the place is nifty too. However, the location is weak - unless your staying near the airport. This is an upscale steakhouse for special occasions, so dress up.
3	I was so looking forward to going to Stockyards.  I picked the Hubby up a the airport and off we where for a great dinner.  The staff was great , infact everything was really nice.  The Ceasar salad was great, my husbands filet and rice was really good.  I choose the prime rib which flavor wise was terrific, but so tough I couldn't chew it enough to swallow it.  I HATE complaining about food/or sending back, but I really couldn't eat this.... So they quickly brought me another piece, but guessing it was just another slice off the same piece of meat because it to was extremely tough.  I don't want to make it sound like you shouldn't go there, everything about the place was a good experience except my main course...it happens.  They gave us a dessert on the house and we called it good.
5	This was a great experience.  Went on a Sunday evening.  Had drinks at the bar then moved to the dining room for dinner.  Fantastic service all the way around.  Well worth the cost.
4	I miss the rugged decor I remember pre-renovation but I they retained many of the original features and personality of the old SY.  Pleasant greeting at the door, comfortable seating for me and my guest.  Great menu selections, good food presentation and unobtrusive high class service.  No pressure to turn over the table even though it was a busy night.Only ONE THING MISSING - where are all the single women in the bar area?  By 5:30 this place was packed with men between 30-50  and if I were still single this is where I would head after work!  You have to hunt where there's good huntin' gals!
3	This place was just "okay."  I would use the term "old timey" to describe it.... I would also use that term to describe the clientele.  I went there for a business lunch, I would say that most of the older male population of Phoenix did the same.  I must also note that there is ZERO ambience-- it looks like a Best Western dining hall.On to the food.  I had been craving prime rib, so that is what I ordered.  Though it was accurately cooked to be medium rare, the texture and flavor were not great.  The meat was bland, and it was not all that tender.  Even the au jus lacked flavor.  It was served with some sort of potatoes that I didn't really like either.  However, I have to say that my companion ordered the filet-- also medium rare-- and said that it was really good.I am not going to give this place a bad review, but I can't give it a stellar one either.  Im addition, the prices are a little high for such boring food.  I am truly ambivalent about Stockyards.... and life is too short to eat mediocre food.  ;)
3	Service was decent and I actually like the decor. High tin ceiling, pretty airy for a traditional steakhouse, and definitely more upscale than other cowboy joints like Bill Johnsons. Less impressed with dinner.  I make ribs at home occasionally and these tasted as if they'd been reheated from the the lunch shift, or maybe even the previous night. Just not as fresh and good as a place like Houstons or Don&Charlies. Coleslaw and fries were blah. $28. Other people seemed to enjoy their steaks more and my cup of clam chowder was buttery good, but you can tell the quality control and attention to detail in the kitchen doesnt justify some of the price points. Still glad I went, just to take in a very historic location.  I'd recommend having a drink here instead.
4	Only ever eaten in the bar during happy hour, so this review is not for old school steak house fare with all the fixins. That's cool though because I can't bring myself to eat a ginormous hunk o' muscle very often anyway. I can go years without ending up in a steakhouse and when I do it's generally a meh experience regardless of how orgasmic people tell me the slice of cow is supposed to be. Saloon 1889 on the other hand is right up my alley. Hey, we all have our vices. The atmosphere is pure Arizona. It's the perfect combination between the slightly nauseating Rawhide's folksy old-Zona and the Rat Pack old school Arizona exemplified by Durant's, with maybe a dash of Monti's La Casa Mediocre tossed in for good measure. The bar is a massive antique-looking dark wood relic from another era, with ornate pillars and a huge gilded mirror along one side. The bartenders also look like they could whip you up a classic cocktail, the stuff with bitters, or a girly sugar bomb. They got skills. The happy hour is really where's it's at here. Free sliders, chips and salsa. Couple bucks off the bar bites, which are substantial meal replacements. Cheap wine, well, beer, all delivered with a smile.
2	Food was expensive, but very good.  This would have been an easy 4+ rating but I repeatedly got jabbed in the back by a food server's tray three times so I'm steamed and have downgraded this to two stars.After reading Yelp'ers reviews and talking to my co-workers who were very positive about Stockyards Restaurant, I really had a desire to go.  Thanks to Erica's Yelp review she turned me onto the happy hour and recommended seating at the bar.  I found it easy to find two center bar seats at 5PM on a Friday night.Bartender Tom was great; touted the Happy Hour prices, made sure I knew about the Happy Hour snacks and whipped up a mean 'tini ($8).   The Happy Hour sliders were made from a very good grade of Beef.  When it came time for dinner, I stayed at the Bar and had a great meal of The Cattle Baron's 18oz Prime Rib ($36).  Tom also recommended a great Cab by the glass ($5) to go with it.  Prime Rib was done exactly how I like it, medium rare, and well seasoned with salt/pepper.  Along with the meal, starters included a nice Caesar Salad, veggies and bread. I left an 18% tip.The problem which reduced this experience to two stars was that I stayed at the Bar to eat.  There were two other food servers in the bar; a lady and a man.  The lady blazed through customers walking to the bathroom with complete disregard, pushing us out of the way.  The male server came to deposit his tables' empties at center of the bar right where we sat, so that we had to stare at dirty glassware.  Each time he did so, he leaned between us and rammed his tray into my back.  I leaned as far forward over the bar that I could but each of the three times he still jabbed his tray in my back.  We were so upset that we abandoned the coupon's for free dessert that we got when signing up on their website.This should never happen at any high end restaurant.  I look forward to returning, having another great meal but being seated in the dining area so I can upgrade this rating.See photos I've attached.
4	Great happy hour.
4	On Tuesday Feb 1, 2011 Gary Lasko responded to my Yelp complaint, apologizing for the service, stating the actions he has taken to train the staff in resolving my service issue, then invited me back.Upgrade to 4 Stars for the diligence, concern and fast response.Besides, the food was excellent, portions were generous, and the sides were great..
4	Wow. I love a well-done happy hour and this steak house has it (pun intended). I had never even heard of this restaurant before some co-workers invited me out for post-office drinks on Friday afternoon. Our office in the "no man's land" of 48th St./Washington area, where the only restaurant within a mile has saguaro wearing a pair of sunglasses on its sign.So imagine my surprise when we pulled up to this Durant's-style retro-classy steak house. First of all, the door's are copper, a fact I find amazing due to my new-found love of this material in Arizona. I can't help it, it just always looks perfect out here. So we headed straight back to the bar area, through the dark wood with brass accents, dimly lit area of the restaurant. The bar is pretty big, several tables and seats along the bar itself - which is just incredible. A huge, ornate, wood carved saloon style behemoth (that puts Prescott Whiskey Row's The Palace to shame even!). In this magical place, Four Peaks 8th Street Ale was just $3. I will repeat that: Three Dollars. And they offered FREE happy hour snacks, and good ones at that. Sliders with condiments and chips and salsa. Just. Wow. The atmosphere and history makes it a perfect spot for out of towners, the happy hour deals make it great for an everyday pit stop after a crap day at work.
5	The best steak I have eaten in the US.We ate there twice while we were in town for a training class. Both times the filet was like butter, you didnt even need a knife. The cheesecake was very yummy as well. I dont remember which sides I had with my steak, that could be due to the fact that they weren't all that great or it was because I was so focused on my delicious steak. If I ever travel to AZ again, I will make sure I stop here to eat.
3	Very nice happy hour. Its dark inside but the beer prices are good and they have free sliders, chips and salsa.
4	While I appreciate a good steak occasionally, I don't appreciate $9 baked potatoes.  I'm sorry, but if I'm paying $40 for a piece of meat, is it too much to ask to throw in the potato? This quirk has eliminated a growing number of steakhouses from my list of dining options.  I'm happy to report that Stockyards agrees with me.Although the area leaves a lot to be desired, I love that this restaurant is rich in Arizona history.  I love the building (check out the bar) and it's Old West charm.  And I love that it's still here after decades of change in the Valley.  The restaurant is quite large with several rooms.  Nice enough to dress up a little, but still comfortable enough for casual attire.  That's "casual," not pajama bottoms and bed head.  This isn't Safeway.My dining companion and I shared the Chateaubriand for Two (in other words, me and the dude I married ate a big tenderloin).  The steak was really good and perfectly tender.  It was served with the expected Bearnaise (which I didn't care for) and a house steak sauce which was better.  Also included were mashed potatoes, whiskey sweet potato mash, mushrooms, and "seasonal" vegetables, in addition to the salad, corn muffins, and biscuits served at the beginning.  A lot of food for $80!  The mashed potatoes were average (but they weren't $9), and the vegetables were a disappointment, consisting of nothing but julienned carrots and some broccoli.  The sweet potato mash was very tasty, however.  Did you know it's possible to eat sweet potatoes without marshmallows?  Crazy, I know.While I thought some of the food was closer to 3 stars, I can't help but bump it up to 4 given the overall experience.
4	Excellent Prime Rib! We had a great meal here, very good service and an old West ambiance which is actually authentic. The restaurant while very good is spendy. I would absolutely go back as the service was wonderful and the meat really is this good.
4	One of my favorite places in a town full of chain restaurants.  I have frequented Stockyards over the last 6 months or so.  Most of the times for business lunches---once for dinner.  Service is typically very prompt and courteous- though from time to time when very busy during lunch it is not always exceptional--but always good (hence this 4/5 instead of the 5/5).I have enjoyed all the items that I have tried---the filet is delicious.  As far as lunch options, I don't think you can beat the grilled chicken sandwich.  Absolutely one of my favorite lunches in town.
4	I have been here a few times for lunch and loved it.  I finally came here for dinner with the family, early Mother's Day gift for my MIL.  Loved the old saloon (bar), it is so old west.  We sat in the back room.  Every dinner seating comes with cornbread muffins and baking soda biscuits.  The cornbread had a kick to them, I think some kind of peppers were in them.  The baking soda biscuits were good!!!  The boys had the wild boar and venison sausages for appetizers.  They said it was very very good.  I passed!  We also got the garlic toast for appetizers too.  Yummy, warm, right amount of butter, and not burnt!  I ordered the new york strip with bearniase sauce on the side and parmesan potato stack as the side.  The NY strip was cooked perfectly and tasted very very good.  I liked that I could taste the beef flavor, it was a good cut of meat.  YUM YUM!  The parmeasan potato stack was excellent!  Everyone else enjoyed their meals too (prime rib - cowboy cut, calves liver, top sirlion, and crunchy fried shrimp platter).  We worked our way to dessert too:  Mixed berry shortcake and chocolate chip fudge brownie.  Both desserts were so so so so SO GOOD!
5	If you like meat, then go here, but take a date and dress nice.
2	Writing this review breaks my heart.Multiple generations of my family have come here; my grandfather brought my dad as a young boy when in Phoenix for business in the '30s (with cattle all around back then); all of us kids had our 16th birthday in the Pink Room; my uncle would visit from dry SLC and my dad would treat him to martinis and dinner at Stockyards; it was the place for serious dates, the place we unanimously chose to go for dinner when we were all home, and so many good times.When Tom and his crew took it over back in the 90s, he essentially left its classics alone. For lunch you could have a burger or orgasmic BBQ beef sandwich to die for; for dinner you could surf and turf and enjoy yourself more than you could at the high rent district places. Oh, the biscuits and  what we called "crack honey butter" - one died and went to heaven, it was so good.Then it closed for renovations - much needed and overdue; the electrical was shaky back then, part of its charm - and everyone I know looked forward to its reopening.They killed it. The look was the same, but the food.. oh no. My dad was in mourning for months. I tried it again several months later - same thing. Tried it with husband some months after that.. same thing. I was even there in February (2011) after over a year of absence, and if anything, the menu got more trendy and more cutesy and more expensive. So much for my birthday treat to myself. So you see, I want to come back, but they killed the perfection of simpler, tasty, perfectly prepared meals in favor of the rare, the trendy, and the expensive.Prickly pear butter? Jalapenos in the cornbread? While the steaks are fine, all the cutesy crap on the menu seems to me as if they're trying to attract tourists a la Scottsdale... what a travesty. It's not just an long-time patron and family lamenting the old days; it's the truth. It can't be explained by being screwed by the light rail line or "changing tastes." It's called they want to attract the business, moneyed and trendy crowds and that's the reason why you'd better bring your platinum card here.If an edgy, expensive steakhouse is what you're looking for, this is it. If not, go to Morton's for the money.
4	If you are looking for a cool place to grab a steak and drink a little further from the scottsdale old town craziness then Stockyards is a great place to go!I came here just because it was close to the hotel and I yelp said it was good... but you never know! I can say that I was pleasantly surprised with my steak and dining experience here!
4	Wild Game platter?  SIGN ME UP!  The Wild Boar sausage was near orgasmic.  The fish wasn't bad either.  I liked the atmosphere here...it was cozy.  I'd definitely visit this place again when I'm in town.
4	Where else can you go and get Wild Boar and Venison Sausages or Buffalo Meatloaf?Name me just one place where you can get Walleyed Pike.If you choose to dine here you will be eating at ARIZONA'S ORIGINAL STEAKHOUSE est 1947 but restored and added to City of Phoenix Historical Register for roles in AZ Cattle industry and Architectural style.Something struck me as different when we entered here we were greeted by a host that greeted us like VIPS and seemed genuine not rushed although other people were coming in. You see the extra care that went into your setting everything is polished till it sparkles. Wait staff is dressed professional and are knowledgeable.We were started off with complimentary fresh cut vegetables and dip on a very shiny well polished relish tray and piping hot  biscuit's bread muffins that were rich sweet and moist  and soon we received salads (house salad or soup is included) the salad was large and fresh but very mildly seasoned.My husband had the Wild West Mixed Grill of Elk Medallion, Walleyed Pike, Wild Boar and Venison Sausage that included potato cake ,rice pilaf and vegetables. Everything was prepared well and seasoned mildly. I had the Walleyed Pike it was lightly pecan dusted and buttered this fish is very mild and rich textured and was also served with fresh vegetables and rice pilaf.Both meals were large enough to feed two people for us a few things were less than 4 stars but that is due to just not being our style nothing was wrong with anything.I was impressed with the hospital cleanliest of the Ladies room.The Stockyards is Dining it is not just going out to eat
4	I had a great meal here last night.  Had a salad, then the stuffed pork chop with stuffing and green beans.  Pork cooked just the way I ordered.  This place is an upscale old style western steakhouse.  Big leather booths, great ambiance.  Excellent attentive service.  Well lit dining area.  And the bar is far enough away from the dining that you won't be disturbed on a date.My third time at this Restuarant.  I'll be back"
4	At the recommendation of a friend, I met a client here for lunch.  My client was arriving from out of town and this joint is very conveniently located near the airport.  I guess once upon a time, it was an actual stockyard.  Now, it's an old school restaurant that has a lot of character.After browsing the menu, I opted for a BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich & Fries, $10.  To wash it down, I ordered Iced Tea.The Pork Sandwich was awesome, very tasty and a large portion.  You will get full.  The Fries were tasty as well.My client was impressed with the restaurant and put it on his "best place near the airport to have a lunch meeting" list....+++The service was great and we were able to have a good lunch meeting that left us both satisfied.Return Factor - 100%
5	Get the new york strip sandwhich for lunch, awesome. Great business lunch place
5	really enjoyed my experience here.food is really good. filet mignon medium rare is cooked perfectly.the Elk is also very tender. I love the mix berry desert it's really delicious not too sweet. It goes really well the the 20 year desert wine on the menu.service is outstanding.the only thing I didn't like is the steak soup, it's a bit too salty.
5	It was real treat finding a local restaurant with so much history and tradition. The Stockyard is a landmark and I'm so glad I dined here!Our waiter was really informative since he's a native of Phoenix and knew the history behind this establishment. Check out the the beautiful hand carved Mahogany bar in the saloon. It's pretty amazing that this sits on what use to be the largest cattle auction stockyard in North America. This stockyard would pass 40,000 cattle through here per daily during cattle auctions.  Enough history on with the food.I made reservations for 7:00 pm and we were seated at a plush leather booth. I really enjoyed the decor here from the stain glass to the large ceiling lamps which contained hanging branding irons. We were greeted with a relish dish, baking soda biscuits and corn poblano muffins. The raw veggies were fresh served with ranch dressing and the biscuits and muffins were warm and incredibly delish.For my main entree I chose the 12 oz prime rib which actually seemed larger and was a thick cut. The entree included soup or salad and a side which is a rarity now a days with all the absurd priced Ala ca rte steak houses. The house salad was solid and the blue cheese dressing delicious. My prime rib was cooked to perfection - medium rare with hot Au Jus and the potato gratin was also delish.Currently The Stockyard was offering the centennial dinner which was a bargain at $40.00 it included a incredible tasting pear salad, campfire sirloin steak with whiskey peppercorn sauce, grits, cowboy chili made with Chorizo and roasted corn. The dinner included dessert and we went with the warm pecan pie with bourbon flavored whip cream - OMG it was the BOMB!Overall a great dinning experience with excellent service and quality. I would definitely return here again.
4	check the hours before you make a visit!i ordered the new york strip as medium rare.  it came out to perfection.  the seasoning, tenderness was right on.  eventhough i liked my experience i still feel like  i've had better.  it's still a top experience just not the best.all the history in the restaurant is pretty cool.  if i'm wearing my fat pants i'm not going there to read.
4	The waiter was fantastic - great sense of humor and attentive without being overbearing.  The lunch menu had a lot of interesting items.  I got the wild rice and turkey soup - yum with a nice spiciness to it.  The buffalo meatloaf was delish and the texas toast topped it all off nicely.  My co-worker got the western dip (they dont serve french food) and liked it a lot as well.
4	Go to Stockyards only if you want the best prime rib sandwich ever! Delicious meat, great service and a very cool ambiance. I would go there every day if red meat was good for my diet. Whether at lunch for business, or at dinner with a date - this is definitely a place to put on your list. You will most likely have to make reservations at any time of day, it's that popular. And they deliver consistent success no matter what the time of day!PS - the wedge salad is extremely above average. Very worth the money on top of your steak or red meat sandwich.
3	I had a nice meal and the bartender was great but I left wanting more.  Stockyards really isn't expensive compared to other big city steak houses because your steak includes a salad and starch.  I had a 12 oz NY strip(cooked perfectly), salad and a baked potato with 2 glasses of wine all for under $80.  Pretty reasonable.  The issue I have with this place is how boring it is.  There is ZERO energy.  Thursday night, Coyote's playoff game on TV and there was one dude at the bar from Alabama telling me how great  football is.  This place needs Restaurant Impossible to come in and liven the joint up.  Make it brighter, play some music and attract people under the age 65.  The 1950's are gone.
2	Okay, I haven't been here in years and had been wanting to check out the area "stockyards" again since.  So Arizona Restaurant Week had them on their list and I thought, 'what better reason is there to go than this?"Maybe it was the option I chose but I wasn't very impressed.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I was hoping for something more like the meal I've had at the Silver Spur in Tucson (OMG -Gooooooood stuff).  My prime rib was a small portion and seemed to have a lot more fat than mere marbeling.  The sweet potatoes were okay but heck, just leave 'em in the skin and serve 'em if you're not going to make them something special.Cornbread and Baking Powder Biscuits served before the meal were fine, but I make better cornbread right out of the box.  And what do they mix in the butter that created red looking drips?  Honey?I liked the crudites - cukes, jicama, celery, carrots, black olives.My son, who happens to be a good eater, ordered the rack of ribs and hardly got through half the rack.  He said he was hungry but apparently didn't like the flavor.And he was about as impressed with the sweet potatoes as I was.Desert was alright.Brownies a al mode for myself and son and hubby had the shortcake.  The special online menu that I viewed said it was mixed berries but the server said strawberry -that's what he got, strawberry.It was all fine but I just felt that being one of the restaurants on the Arizona Restaurant Week meant those businesses were out to impress.I just wasn't impressed.I love steak but about the only time I order it when I'm out is when we're at a steakhouse.  Love the decor and the history of the place. Service was fine -except when I asked for a couple of biscuits to be thrown in with my leftovers.  That didn't happen.
4	Had an awesome lunch. Waiter had no personality, hard to hear and zero energy. The shave ribeye & cheddar was amazing.
3	I was in Phoenix around two weeks ago, and the first stop I made along with my husband was to Stockyards Restaurant. This establishment is historical and has been around forty-seven years! A steakhouse rated as one of the 85 best restaurants in Phoenix, I was eager to try it as soon as our plane touched down. It was even mentioned in the in flight magazine as one of the best steakhouses in the United States. Upon our arrival, we found that Stockyards was located in a more industrial section of the city, not downtown. It had a more formal feel with historical photos of the stockyards on the walls and a saloon, but not in the touristy sense, more somber and dark.Our waiter was attentive and had a great sense of humor. I think he may have been mentioned in other Yelpers' reviews.Now for the food...I had a beef brisket sandwich with many slices of lean meat on it. The meat was smothered in barbecue sauce, which had a flavor I was not wild about. My sandwich was accompanied by a large helping of fries, tasty and crispy.My husband ordered the steak sandwich. When it arrived it was a large juicy steak, but served open-faced. My husband didn't like this. In fact, he requested a another piece of sandwich roll for the top. The steak was ultimatey too chewy to eat in this fashion, and had to be cut in pieces with a knife. In other words, the steak was not very tender. His meal also came with fries. Our waiter had recommended a roast beef and cheddar sandwich that is a Stockyards specialty instead, but my husband did not listen to him! Overall, I would give Stockyards a solid three stars. It did not quite live up to our expectations, but it was not bad, either. The sandwiches we had at the Oak Creek Brewery in Sedona were way better, however.
4	wild boar sausage was awesome.  dinner for two was excellent as well. Only complaint is I ate WAY too much.
5	Wow!  What a great old-school steakhouse.  While they do actually have other items on the menu, if you don't eat red meat, I wouldn't bother showing up. Not because the non-red meat items aren't good but really, why bother?  This place is known for steaks and they deliver.  They also do the old school relish tray (who does that anymore, right?) and a basket of biscuits and corn muffins.  Yum.Our service was flawless.  And if I were you, I'd catch an after dinner drink in the bar.  Impressive historical tidbits all over the restaurant, and the bar is great too.  I see some people whine about the price.  Yeah, they're pricey but it was well worth it and from what I understand, their lunches are just as amazing and much cheaper. This is way better than any shiny Scottsdale steakhouse any day.BTW, they actually followed up with me the next day via Twitter and thanked me for my patronage.  How's THAT for good customer service?!
3	Went there for a business lunch and was very impressed.  They got us seated right away even though the parking lot was completely full.  It appeared to be a very popular business lunch location due to its location.  Our waiter was efficient but I did not feel rushed.  The atmosphere matched the menu.  The steak was outstanding and the portions were adequate for a lunch time meal.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their selection as I did.
4	Ordered the 12 oz filet mignon w/ backed potato (loaded) and house salad with ranch. Meal was B+ overall, filet was cooked perfectly, steak was pretty tasty. The sauce they provide with the steak was ~ C+. Ambience is exactly what you would expect for a former stockyard/pack house, and that is what I like about the place, A on ambience.Service was an A. My 5 yr old had some chicken nuggets that weren't all the way cooked, and they removed it from the bill (he ended up sharing with his 3 yr old brother, what to expect when it is finger fried food - not the reason you end up going).Draft beer was good, had the Moose Drool. Best item of the night was the honey whipped butter that came with the rolls, A+ on that.OVERALL, same as rating, solid B to B+
5	So good! The biscuits are amazing, and I highly recommend the filet. We learned that they butcher a couple cuts including the filet at the restaurant. Definitely recommended.
4	This is a top notch place to eat.  A favorite for steak lovers the menu includes salmon and chicken too.  Not a cheap place to eat but you can dress casual.
5	Great bar for a Filet Mignon. Awesome bartender with quick, courteous service. Went on Friday night and had quick service... Better than many places in Scottsdale.
5	A flawless experience at this icon of old Phoenix, and a better value than most other premium steak places I've visited.In more cases than I can recall, a place with the history and legacy of the Stockyards would have fallen into complacency long ago, milking the same group of dedicated customers and giving less value to anyone who's not a regular. However, our visit was great from the moment I made the reservation. The menu is very traditional, and they've even played the retro angle by bringing back a prix fixe option that includes Steak Diane. We opted for the Chateaubriand for Two, and it was some delicious melt-in-your-mouth beef. No complaints on the service, either. As far as attire goes: It's a fancy restaurant in some ways, but remember that it's in Phoenix, and that it was originally located next to one of the largest feedlots West of the Mississippi. You won't look out of place in jeans and a polo.
3	I think this place is way too overpriced and their food was not as amazing as the hype surrounding it. I went for AZ Restaurant week on a double date; the food was supposed to be affordable. Even after splitting it with my girlfriend and getting a drink a piece, we had to drop over a hundred dollars.
1	My girlfriend and I ate here in 2012. We both took violently I'll within 12 hours. We alerted the manager in person, via phone call from both of us and in writing via email. Their response was one of denial, lack of empathy and a complete disregard for customer service. We notified them not to finger point but out of public health concern and Casey the manager was put off by this. She stated "do what you need to do to make yourself feel better". I caution you to eat here, they may make you sick. They don't care about their customers,  suggest try another steak place.
5	Great food and quality service
2	I want to start off with saying that everytime I drove by stockyards and saw that giant bull/cow on the top of the big, plain, white building, I always imagined it being a casual steakhouse with straw or peanut shells on the ground. It's totally not.  It is like a rich Texan's house inside.  Cow rug, leather, old cowboy photos on the wall.  So the ambiance inside is totally nice and upscale-cowboy feel.  We got sat in the main dining room and I also want to add like I felt like the place was "dusty" I don't know why, or what made me feel this way, but "dusty" was what I got from the place.  I ordered a half slab of ribs with garlic potatoes and a salad. Travis got a burger with fries. So- my ribs were just "okay" and my potatoes were SUPER SUPER garlic-ey and it was weird how they were plated.  They came out like in a square shaped form of scalloped potatoes.  Like my mom makes potatoes and squares my piece out for me sort of square.  The square was small, but actually I didn't even like the potatoes so that did not bother me too much.  OH! and "cole-slaw" my other side I ordered was "cole-slaw". Notice how I put " " around this word "cole-slaw".  I do that because it wasn't cole-slaw AT ALL!?!?!? It was literally just shredded up dry cabbage!?!??! So... yeah, didn't eat the slaw.  We finished our meals and got up to see their famour bar that is completely hand carved and the murals on the walls are hand-painted and restored from like the 1900's so the bar was very cool. Go for a drink at the bar.  I wouldn't do dinner again.
2	Got there about 5:30 left at 7:00. Very slow service. Our waiter seemed to lose interest in our table when we didn't order cocktails or appetizers before dinner. We didn't see him much after that. Other staff took care of the table. We just wanted to eat dinner. The salads were good; my spouse upgraded to Classic Caesar, the waiter said it would be a "slight" extra charge. $4.00 is slight at the Stockyards. The 12 oz. Ribeye was good, but not worth $36, I've had better. My spouse ordered the salmon and our friend the walleye. The waiter disappeared for a long time leaving us sitting with empty plates waiting for the check. I'd thought about dessert and coffee, but it took so long for the waiter to come back we didn't order any. It was my Birthday, so it was kind of a special evening for us. Sorry we went to the Stockyards to celebrate. The last time we were there during the summer, the service was excellent. We won't be back, too many good restaurants in Phoenix.
4	Went for Valentine's day first time.  Fun server.  Great service.  Great food.  Did not love the sweet butter for bread.  Bread was good.  Wine was great!  $80 Buffalo rib-eye was awesome - different.  Yes, a little gamey - but supposed to be, yes?  Biggest Grilled prime-rib a first for us was great!  Yes, it melts in mouth.  But there was stringiness involved.  Not that into prime rib, so I don't know what to expect...  Potato cheese bake  was just  okay.  Rich...  Baked potato was nice with crispy bacon - yes!  Good salad!  No dessert this time:)Neat to try.  Lots of elderly.  Will be back someday.  Not a place for us to frequent:)
3	I came here for a work lunch, which is my excuse for being a vegetarian in a steakhouse. Not that surprisingly, there aren't many vegetarian options but there are salads and 1 wrap/sandwich. I got the pear salad and really liked it, but thought it was a bit on the small side. It's a classic combination of sweet pear, tangy cheese, and spicy pecans, and they do it very well. Thankfully it comes with buttered and cheesy bread crisps, which makes the salad a little more filling. Overall, the service was okay. The waiter kept interrupting our work talk with questions on how the food was, which gets tiresome after the first time. I found the room we were in to be on the loud side, though there weren't a lot of people in it, so the acoustics are a little off.
4	Good steaks and attentive service.
5	My wife and I were celebrating our 13 wedding Anniversary here.  We were greeted with a Smile and a Happy Anniversary Mr. and Misses Kelly.  Your Table is ready, right this way please.  After being seated we were immediately visited by one of the servers and our Drink order was taken.  After looking at the Menu for a few minutes our waitress cam over and asked if there were any questions.  Asked and answered.We ordered our meals I had the  Prime Rib with a baked potato and a vegetable. along with a salad.  All I can say is that from the salad to the desert this was a GREAT MEAL!!!  The Prime Rib was cooked PERFECTLY the best Prime Rib in AZ. to this point and I have eaten a lot of Prime Rib over the last 13 years.  My Wife had the same meal except she ordered the Rib Eye.  I had the privilege of tasting the Rib Eye and it was great to say the least.  I feel my wife and I  will become regulars at the Stockyards Restaurant.Our Dinner came to approximately $140.00 and I left a $50.00 tip.Thank You Stockyards Restaurant.
5	Great Food, Amazing staff!
4	This place has been here forever and we haven't been here for awhile so we decided to try this place. The decor is a little dim with lots of cowboy and western theme pictures. I had the seafood chowder and baby back ribs. The chowder was pretty good and the ribs fell off the bones. Very tender. The ribs weren't smothered in BBQ sauce. I enjoyed it. My wife had the shrimp scampi and they were huge pieces of shrimp with lots of flavor. Everyone else had the prime rib. Prime rib was very tender and very good. The service was excellent and they really take care of you. We all enjoyed the meal. I wouldn't mind going back again.
4	Another very good lunch outing today with more clients.  The restaurant was pretty busy . . . but the food was unbelievable.  The reason for only getting four stars was there was a considerable wait . . . about 20 minutes . . . from the time that we ordered until our food arrived.  And though that is not a long time . . . for a salad, a wrap, a sandmich, and a burger . . . it seemed a little excesive . . . maybe if the waiter had checked back at some point to give a quick update it would have lessoned the wait.Well, on to the food . . . the Steak Burger was out of this world . . . the seasoning and flavors were great and it meat was cooked perfectly medium . . . just a little pink and still juicy.  The fries were nothing special, but they were hot and crisp.  The iced tea was fresh brewed . . . how do I know . . . it kept melting the ice.All in all . . . a very good dining experience today . . . hope to be back soon to try something different from the menu.
2	Warm welcome.clubby atmosphere suits occasion. Sad salad. Good drinks. Amateurish wine list ,Politely hostile waitress. Assurances of USDA prime = 6/10 Smallish ? 20oz.? Porterhouse. Pathetic dull pink rewarmed Prime rib.Dessert very good.No relish tray.Try ClubA in NYC or BobR's backyard for charcoal grilles organic free range grass fed corn finished bone inHeaven . Avoid this place.
5	Worth the price! The most amazing, meltin your mouth prime rib and definitely get the chili. My boyfriend was able to cut his porterhouse with a fork. We'll be back!
4	This restaurant made more improvements and their food is tastes fresh!
5	Big fan of unique steakhouses across the country and this one joins the club!  First of all the Wild Boar and Venison sausages as a starter with chutney were full of flavour and so delicious.  The Buffalo Rib-eye may be a bit pricey but come-on, when is the next time you can complete the Boar-Deer-Buffalo Trifecta in one sitting??  The Buff rib-eye is full of deep, rich flavors and worth every penny....Service was excellent and the whole experience was a delight  - will return!
4	Stopped in here with my husband, his nephew and girlfriend for dinner last week. It was nephew's birthday and he loves steak so I wanted to take him special. Since this was the oldest steakhouse in Phoenix and a historical landmark for the city, it fit the bill. We all enjoyed our meals. My fillet was cooked perfectly. Nephew said his ribeye was a little salty but personally I enjoy some seasoning on my steak. I don't like it when places serve it totally plain... or worse, with a bunch of butter. A steak should be juicy enough to stand on its own with just a little salt and pepper to enhance the flavor. I did enjoy that we also got a very rich and beefy demi-glace as well (served on the side). I also liked that you get your choice of starch included with the steak as well as a soup or salad. I ordered the sweet potato mash which unfortunately I did not care for at all. There was something off about the taste and it wasn't as smooth whipped as I would have liked. I did really love the soup, though. That night it was a cremini mushroom bisque that was delectable. It would have gone really well with a good earthy red wine but unfortunately I wasn't drinking that night. Other people at the table enjoyed a few beers. They have the usual domestic and European choices as well as some taps from local Sonoran Brewing Company. For dessert hubby and I split the strawberry shortcake and they also brought out a chocolate brownie a la mode for my nephew. So nice!Overall, maybe the food was only worth about three stars but checking out the old photos of downtown Phoenix and all the cowboy art on the wall made it a cool experience. I really liked the old school saloon as well. This is definitely someplace every Phoenician should come at least once.
4	The service was great. (Alice) our waitress was really helpful and gave us what we needed. The food was good. Buffalo meatloaf was tasty, chicken was good. Vegetables were a little garlicky.
1	Very disappointed as I was penalized for bringing my kids and spending $150 instead of just $80 for my wife & I.  I should have gotten $38 off, but instead since I brought my vegetarian daughter and she ordered a Salad and french frys.  They called the french frys an entree and gave me only $5 off. After complaining and waiting for more than 15 minutes they did adjust it to  $30 off but REFUSED to give me the $38 entree, even though mine entree was $40.They ruined what might have been a good evening over them trying to get every penny they could from me.  Plus my wife ended up with a stomach ache after eating her entree.  (I am not saying the entree was the cause, but I am not saying it wasn't either)  I recommend spending your money elsewhere!
3	I sent a message to Stockyards Management as well as leaving a message here on Yelp.  They got back with me and were polite and agreed that a mistake had been made with the French Frys. I believe everyone makes mistakes, what is important what they do about it to correct the item.  Not sure if they are doing anything to correct the issue, but by recognizing there was a problem and not ignoring it is positive. FYI: It is good to see that Stockyards does monitor Yelp as they mentioned that they saw my feedback here as well.
4	Great place for date night with the right atmosphere and wine selection. Waitress was super friendly and the food was great. Way overpriced but we knew that going in.
4	So, food is probably only 3 stars (lots of hits and lots of misses), but HOLY COW, the service is 5 stars on its own, which is how I arrived at this 4 star split. We arrived for an early dinner during Restaurant Week and were promptly greeted by a gaggle of friendly staffers at the entrance. After being seated in probably the nicest leather booth in all of Arizona, we ordered beverages - right off the bat, go for the Brown Cow Stockyard Rootbeer that they have on draft. It comes in a frosty mug with no ice. At about $3.50 a pop, there are no free refills, but it's well worth the two you'll probably down for $7 during dinner!  Next came the basket of fresh biscuits, cornbread, and sweet butter. DELISH! This was accompanied by a sizable dish of super fresh crudites. Also DELISH! But then came the Mushroom Rockefeller appetizer, which was a mild disappointment. Four fresh, large mushroom caps stuffed with spinach and bacon, topped with cheese and then baked. Pretty simple - except they were unintentionally served cold. You couldn't taste the bacon either, and the cheese had coagulated on top, making for a weird combination of consistencies in my mouth. By weird, I mean not good. The best part of the plate was the mess of sauteed spinach and garlic sitting as a garnish in the middle. THAT was so delicious - I saved it on a side plate to eat with my entree. First up on the Restaurant Week menu was a choice of salad. I ordered a Caesar. I loved the dressing, the cheese, the crouton, and the presentation, but the lettuce was brown. Like, really brown. I was pretty disappointed about that too.Second, the 12 ounce ribeye with whiskey peppercorn sauce and parmesan potato stack. The ribeye was pretty thin, but flavorful and cooked to my medium rare liking. I sort of expected the Walmart guy to pop out and yell, "THIS IS A STEAKOVER!" It never happened. I would assume that the 16 ounce on the regular menu is of the thickness I prefer in my ribeyes; 12 ounces was just too thin to enjoy medium rare.  My ribeye was also missing the whiskey peppercorn sauce, but that was quickly remedied. The sauce was more like a gravy. I really couldn't tell where the whiskey or the peppercorn was, but it added a nice dimension to the meat that I thought had been lacking in my first dry bite. My potato stack was also tasty - a bit old school and on the salty side, but good considering it was real au gratin potatoes. My husband definitely preferred my stack to his mash. The end of the meal was the real superstar. Pecan pie. Topped with bourbon infused whipped cream. Wow. I can't even justify this dessert with a description; it was just that good. The place is a historic gem, the staff is incredible friendly, and bless our server Justine - she was a real trooper. They get extra points for a $5 kids menu that includes a drink and dessert. I think next time I'll just jump right to the root beer, prime rib, and pecan pie - but trust me, there definitely will be a next time!
2	I usually take my brother in law here for his birthday. Last year it was fabulous. This year, not so much. We got to the bar (Happy Hour) about 4:15, ordered our refreshments and saw the sliders, the oh so cold sliders. Remembering last years visit we were disappointed. We finished our drinks and sauntered into the dining room. We both ordered the prime rib and after we were served I cut a piece of my cold to the touch $34 prime rib. My brother in laws meat was so tough the steak knife had to be used like a saw. We told the waitress about the cold meat and in as professional a manner as I've ever seen she removed it and apologized. Forward 5 minutes she returns with my second prime rib. I touched the top and it was minimally warmer, although the plate was so hot it couldn't be touched. Cut into this one and again barely warm. I now asked for the chef knowing some line cook had plated my food. Who appears? The owner. I explained my concerns and on the third try received a warmer, still not hot piece of meat. By now the serving and returning had spanned about 20 minutes, I had already finished most of my baked potato and just wanted to leave. So after ordering two end cuts we ended up with inside cuts and more frustration than needed. They knocked off an iced tea and one alcoholic drink. Simply stated, I'll never return. If the meal was free I wouldn't go back just based on the frustration aspect. The front room and owner were extremely professional, but I'm thinking they're cutting corners with the kitchen staff and that's unacceptable.
4	We have been wanting to try this restaurant and finally had the opportunity to check it out for a friend's birthday.  We started with cocktails in the bar.  The restaurant has a great ambiance and the service was great.  When we got to our table we were greeted with an awesome bread basket (oh my goodness, the cornbread is the BOMB) and a little veggie platter.  For entrees my husband and I split the filet oscar, it was delicious!  Also, the Stockyards serves up Tracy Dempsey desserts and if you haven't had one, you should check them out.  Tracy makes great desserts.  We will definitely return because there are more items on the menu that we would love to try!
4	My parents actually took me here when visiting. Thank god because the prices are a weeee but more than what I can easily afford. Pretty pricey.I had elk medallions. Now, that...was..amazing!!! So tender and juicy. Good flavor and sear. It was awesome. Had some potatoes and carrots on the side.Great meat but a little pricey for what we got!
5	Awesome steakhouse deserving of the 5 stars for the atmosphere/service and the chateubriand for two.  First, the atmosphere.  If cowboys went to a black tie dinner, they would feel right at home here - formal yet rustic at the same time.  Nice dim lighting, great for a date (my wife agreed).  Service was phenomenal - prompt, courteous, just attentive enough without getting overwhelming.  I am still not sure whether the complimentary veggie plate or the awesome cornbread were on our table when we sat down or if they were brought out later but they were already there when I wanted them at just the right temperature.  Now on to the chateaubriand - to me this is their staple as I have not seen this cut in Arizona yet.  This is basically a large cut of tenderloin, too large for one person, hence offered on a large plate cut for two with different veggies, potatoes and mushrooms.  To me this was the best non-Kobe steak I've head in a long time - tender as a filet mignon but with more meat flavor.  My wife and I were barely able to finish it just because of the sheer amount of food - but it was so amazing that we did.  I've heard that things at this place can be hit or miss, but to me the chateaubriand is an awesome hit, so can't go wrong with this.  Throw in the amazingly attentive service and the nice atmosphere and this is one great steakhouse to visit.
1	Ordered open face brisket sand. $13 for tough meat and the meat was difficult to identify under the gallon of super sweet barbecue sauce. My eating partners salad was pretty good though.
2	Food was pretty good, service was a disappointment MAJOR problem- we used a gift card and cc to pay and we ended up paying about an extra $20 because she overcharged us. won't return due to that fact, hope she enjoyed her extra tip on top of her initial 20%
4	Pretty good meal. Loved the local beer: Sonoran Amber Ale on tap. When I tried to buy it at a nearby liquor store, I was told Sonoran doesn't bottle much beer. Casual dining- waiters in pressed white button downs and dark jeans. Super friendly and attentive staff. Loved the corn bread and butter, but the biscuit was just ok. Loved the fresh veggie plate!! I ordered the potato soup and it was the hit of the meal. My steak came to the table ill prepared. The waiter recognized it and sent it back for a new one without making me feel like I was at fault. I ordered the stacked potatoes but wish I hadn't. They weren't great.Overall, nice experience. There is a separate bar area, too, made of mahogany with murals.
3	All in all a pretty good establishment. Their Steaks are above average but are on the pricier side. My biggest issue was being charged $32.00 for a double Single Barrel Jack Daniels. Had I known ahead of time how much they were going to charge I wouldn't have ordered it.  It certainly spoiled my experience there and I will look elsewhere next time I'm out for steak or taking a customer out for a business dinner.
4	Service was awesome. Waiter was attentive and very friendly. Brought out a refill of my drink before I was done with my first. The chili is a must! Usually eat tons of crackers when I eat chili but didn't even miss them. Was so good on its own. But there are crackers if you must have them. My main was the filet. Ordered medium plus wanting just a little pink in middle. Had pepper corn sauce on the side but didn't use it. Flavor of steak was good on its own. Mine was a little more pink in the middle than I would like. Whipped potatoes were great! Will b back!
4	Dined here while we were in Phoenix.We were seated and they brought out a basket of warm corn bread with the menu's. Let me tell you, it was some of the best corn bread I ever had.As an appetizer we had the Wild Boar and Venison Sausages with Apple-Cranberry Chutney.  The texture of the sausage seemed a bit "off" to me, but is was quite tasty. I had the Porterhouse and my other half had the Petite Filet Mignon. Both were delicious and tender, like a hot knife through butter.We finished off by sharing a Pecan Pie A La Mode. Delicious.And the service was super attentive.I thoroughly recommend this steakhouse.
5	I usually try and steer clear of red meat but since I came to the original steak house in Phoenix, I don't regret the filet at all...very great place for a nice dinner
4	I went here last night with my boyfriend and a good friend of ours. We came around 7PM and were sat immediately. We were quickly a bread basket and a crudites platter. The crudites were yummy, however I found the biscuits a bit floury and the jalapeno cornbread nothing too special. Our waitress was very attentive and gave all kinds of recommendations. I ordered the filet oscar plate, my boyfriend ordered the new york strip and our friend ordered the prime rib. Our food arrived not too long after we ordered and it looked GREAT! The filet oscar was fantastic, however there was no bacon wrapped around it.. but I may be ignorant to what filet oscars are supposed to look like since my only experience is at the Keg. My meal was served with asparagus spears and shredded carrots and french green beans which were room temperature.. still tasty.The new york strip was excellent and the prime rib looked pretty good.. It was very rare to my friends liking, I didn't care for the texture but apparently he liked it since he pretty much scraped his plate clean.We had the chocolate mousse for dessert which was ok.. nothing too special.My only gripe is that it did take a bit for our check to arrive and for our waitress to cash it out. Other then that, no complaints.
1	so we went for restaurant week yesterday.  someone in our group found a roach in their water glass.  it likely came from the refill pitcher.  photo is attached.mistakes happen.  roaches happen.  seriously, we were pretty forgiving and nice about it.  what irks me is that they didn't go out of their way to make it right.  no manager came to apologize, they didn't give us any comp or discount, just a "that has never happened before" and an apology from the waiter.we even had to specifically request that they replace all the water glasses at the table since they were all refilled from the same pitcher.  that was somehow not intuitive to the staff there.  as for the other customers who drank from that pitcher?  well....i could go on about the poorly seared steak and the mediocre food, but the roach issue sort of trumps them all.food aside, this is supposed to be a classy joint, and i think i would've had a better service response at a fast food chain.
5	Great old school resturant! AZ Local thru and thru, notice how any review that is negative plugs a resturant that is claims to compete. From my experience The Stockyards is exactly what it claims to be a  Historical Prime Grade Steakhouse. Ive been eating there for years and the food has never let me down, and if something was not as it should the staff bent over backwards to remedy the situation, ie steak temp over and dining with guests and the server offered prime rib at same temp so that I could dine with my guests and threw in desert to boot!As the resturant goes back to 1947 and my patronage goes back over 30years I can testify to the old school approach to steak that doesnt require foo-foo pitches or explanations of gluten free options! If you are looking for a great meat and potatoes meal with soda biscuts and relish tray and salad or soup to boot, do yourself a favor have lunch or dinner there and try to call me a liar!
3	Good restaurant, but just that.  I had a 12 oz. New York Strip as part of a $40 prix fixe meal for Phoenix Restaurant Week.  I started with the steak soup.  Good flavor, plenty of meat in it, but they sure skimped on the portion size.  It was a tiny cup (I'd hope and assume that for the non-Restaurant Week patrons a larger bowl would be on offer).  As for the main course, it was a really good steak, cooked a perfect medium rare per my order, but there was nothing truly special about it.  Seasoned with peppercorn and served with--if I recall (it was pretty forgettable)--a fairly generic barbecue sauce. It was served with a choice of potato.  I opted for the scalloped potatoes and they were really good.  The pecan pie I had for desert tasted good but was crumblier than I'd prefer.  It fell apart after the first couple of bites.  Again, it tasted great, but I've had better pecan pie that held it's form until I'd finished it.  The service here was excellent and the decor was fairly elegant for a steakhouse.  Ultimately, I'd probably eat here again if friends invited me, but I'd likely try to sway them towards somewhere with a more creative menu that perhaps offered a bit more bang for my buck.
3	What a beautiful building. The bar is gorgeous with a nostalgic feeling for the good ole days.The shrimp cocktail was good and the 5oz filet was well executed. A little pricey for what you get but still a good option.Cheers
3	I had the Pear Salad and added salmon.It was very yummy - but very expensive $23 The menu is a little misleading...The way it was laid out I thought the salad was $18...but when the bill came it was $23 The most expensive salad I have ever had...The service was good,...They keep our water fullFriendly staff greeted us when we arrived
4	As  a steak house reviewer most the time, I like it.  The Sausage with the cranberry chuteny sauce appitizer was great, their bread and soups were top notch.  The steak was made good by their sauces.  Their wine selection was good and the waiter new a lot.  the abmiance is your typical Durants, Don and Charlies, Donovans old school vibe. Service great, btu it was a late lunch too.
4	Had the rib eye. It was good. The bread and butter that comes with the meal is amazing! Sweet butter. Yum yum. Wine list non impressive but the bar tender knows his bourbon! I would come here again. Awesome location. Feels historical
4	Amazing service and a romantic atmosphere. The prickly-pear sweet butter is delicious on the biscuits. I thought the prime rib was a little dry but still tender and tasty. My wife and I will add this to our date night list.
5	Want a piece of the best Prime Rib in the Valley?  Go to the Stockyards Restaurant!  We've been there several times, and it's always just as good as the time before. Well worth the drive we make from San Tan Valley, AZ.
4	After talking about it all summer, we finally met our favorite friends for happy hour in the saloon.  Enjoyed the discounted drinks specials AND the complimentary sliders.  Free food?  Who does that any more?  This place does!Didn't really need to, but ordered the filet bites, onion rings, and the calf fries.  Girls didn't like the calf fries as much as I thought they would. :)  Would have been ok with just easting a few sliders, but we figured what the heck!Great Phoenix landmark and a great way to spend a happy hour.
5	A little on the expensive side but WOW! Best steak I've ever had. It's the only place I'll go for steak now, I don't see the point of getting steak from Outback or any of the casual places any more. Of course due to the cost, I only go a couple of times a year but that's how good it is...I've drastically cut down on my steak consumption because it's turned me into a steak snob!!Waiting staff are excellent! The decor is pretty damn cool. In a city is relatively young, it has a sense of history. Love it!
4	Good food, great service eat their often both lunch and dinner.  Never disappointed.
1	My first visit to this steakhouse was a company lunch.  The sandwich I had was pretty darn good, the salads my coworkers got looked pretty decent albeit with too little meat proportional to the amount of veggies, in my opinion, but I wish my experience with this restaurant ended here.After the luncheon, I decided to bring my boyfriend here for his birthday, and well, I was sorely disappointed.  That amazing sandwich I had had before wasn't on the dinner menu, but that's to be expected.  What truly annoyed me, and leads me to write this one star review, was the snooty service.  We were given the smallest table in the room, with servers walking right behind me, in and out of the kitchen, and treated as if our patronage didn't matter because we looked like college students.  Of course, they might just have had horrible service in general and our age had nothing to do with it because I did hear an elderly couple nearby complain about their service as well.  But hey, this was just my experience, and you might have better luck than I did.  Though I'd recommend The Keg over Stockyards any day.
5	I researched online for the best Prime Rib in Phoenix and The Stockyards lived up to their name.  Excellent Prime Rib, attentive service.  Can't go wrong here.
5	Excellent food  excellent service.  It was a bit more expensive than their online menu shows. But it was already pricey. Good portions of food but we were not overstuffed. Had the chateaubriand. Yum!!!   Really lovely interior
3	Our first visit.  The steak was good.  The chili, DENNISON'S.  I have eaten Dennison's chili my whole life. I buy it at Fry's.  The service was very good and a beautiful restaurant.
4	They don't do anything fancy but DAMN they do a great job with steaks. great basic meat and potatoes dishes. Food tasted great the warm bread and flavored butter, superb. Would get 5 star but the prices seemed a bit high. wish I could go 4.5
4	This is a place for business people not for a romantic evening.  If you are on the way to the airport after closing a deal somewhere in the valley, definitely come here.  The lights are turned up and the tables are full of business people loudly recounting their work stories.  Its also down the street from a brightly lit gentlemens club which doesn't scream classy neighborhood.But, the food is top notch and the service is very personal and friendly.  I think our server really set this place apart from other great steak houses.  This place is not stuffy at all and that came through in fun and casual staff.  It is very good I will come again.  4 stars only because we were here for a quiet date and this wasn't really that type of place.
1	We arrived at the door at 9:04pm and we were told that they closed at 9pm. Our party of 5 went elsewhere. Hard to below they could not use the extra business. Very short sighted imho.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this place. Its a pretty traditional place. I came here during restaurant week. The corn bread and butter is pretty darn tasty. I got the prime rib which was a bit salty but very tender. The smoked corn chowder? was really good. Probably my favorite part of the meal. Staff was pleasant. Decor reminds me of an era gone by - more of a sinatra era type of decor. I would definitely come back to visit.
1	Awful service and subpar food.  We came in a group of 20 and had two tables.  At the end of the service, we asked our server for separate checks. She told me she couldn't separate them and that it needed to be one check per table.  I was fine with that until I found out the other server for our second table did separate the checks. Essentially, our server was too lazy to separate them. After speaking with the manager, she said there was no reason she couldn't have separated the checks.
2	My mother was in town and this restaurant was recommended to us. I've been to a lot of fine dining establishments and a ton of steakhouses. I was by no means impressed. Our service was good, the environment was very clean and inviting, but the acoustics are horrible. It's terribly loud and hard to hold a conversation in.  My partner and I ordered two very pricey filets (don't mind the price if it's high quality meat and prepared/cooked well). I ordered mine MR it came out very MW and she ordered hers MW (they asked if they could butterfly it and she said ok) and it came out like jerky. She didn't complain, I did and when the second steak came out it was still only medium. I couldn't handle a second wait and just stomached it. The server gave us a free dessert because he knew the food wasn't prepared well at all. Not horrible but would never recommend or return.
4	Great food! Service can be on the slower side but food has always come out hot and how I ordered it! My new fav steak joint!
3	My husband and I visited stockyards the other night to celebrate his raise. There was plenty of parking and no wait for a table. With all the large roomy booths available, we were stuffed into a tiny one situated right next to another table; oh well. Our server Jeff was really great; heck, even the guy filling up our water was pleasant. We started by ordering two Manhattan's; they had both Woodford reserve and bookers, kudos for a fine bourbon selection. However, it seems like the bartender really shook up the cocktails instead of stirring them, as they both came out bubbly and watered down. The complementary biscuits, cornbread and relish tray were a nice touch. As for the rest of the food, I was both impressed and underwhelmed. We ordered the clam chowder that had bacon in it, but sadly it wasn't as amazing as it sounded. The prime rib was amazing, cooked to perfection and melt-in-your-mouth good. The mashed potatoes that accompanied it were bland. We ordered some type of smores in a jar dessert and I wasnt in love. Overall we had a nice experience, but the prices are really expensive for what I feel you get. We had two Manhattan's, two glasses of wine, 2 entrees and a small dessert for $141. That seems a bit high to me.
5	In town for business. Judged this restaurant from their yelp review. Was not steered wrong. If you are in the mood for steak stockyards is the place to go. Went with 12 coworkers and everyone left extremely satisfied
4	Attentive service. Delicious Ribeye. Would have had prime rib but was gone. I bet it's good too.
4	Was  here today with my Red Hat group.  The food was good and the staff attentive. Prices were very reasonable.  Our waiter was courteous except for the condescending phrase to our oldest member "what would you like young lady".    Why do young people say that?   Older people really are offended by that phrase.    We know we are not young, why say it?  Loved the dark wood and the fact that the restaurant has been there for so long....makes you feel as if you were part of Phoenix history.
5	Old school greatness!  Prime rib and filet cooked just right.  The BEST beef I've had out in the Valley.Go there now.
2	Spare your expense account. The steaks aren't hot. The veggies aren't fresh. The service is the kind that sticks their fingers in glasses to carry them. The steak knives are old and dull. The clientele has no qualms about putting their feet up on chairs in the dining room. Granted, I wasn't expecting even Ruth's Chris, but a steakhouse this is not. I can cook a $9 strip on my Weber and it comes out better than their $38 16 oz strip. Their parking lot is full of rental cars, but there must be better options. Spare your expense account.
5	Great food! My wife and I visiting one of our daughters here in Phoenix. Went out and enjoyed ourselves. Started with an appetizer of Boar and Venison Sausage;  excellent.  My wife and I ordered 2 Top Sirloins which we both couldn't finish and they came with a Salad and a side. Our Daughter ordered the Pear Salad topped with a Steak Filet. And we all shared a Chocolate Mousse. Expensive and worth it! Phenomenal service. John our Server was excellent.
4	Excellent food, pricey, great waitress, empty the night we went. It was well worth the money once.
4	Stockyards Restaurant  is what I expected and hoped for. Very nice. The staff was excellent. I inquired about King Crab legs, which were not on the menu, and the wait staff was happy to get an order from their seafood restaurant next door. The staffs great attitude and attention were what sets this restaurant apart from the others. Well worth the visit.
5	This place is FANTASTIC.  It is our favorite place to celebrate our anniversary, and anything else we can think of.Our first visit was during Restaurant Week several years ago.  We were treated as well as any of the other diners, the service AMAZING, and the food FANTASTIC.  That experience has led us to return, over and over.Our last anniversary (our 4th celebrated at the Stockyards) was no exception!  While the new doors aren't as impressive as the old solid copper clad ones (sorry guys!) nothing else has changed.  The service is impeccable.  We have never had less than an amazing experience here and it is all thanks to the staff. I love that we are greeted by name, everyone wishes us a happy anniversary, and everything is always on the ball.  Between that and the food - you'll keep coming back!The food is just wonderful.  We usually have Prime Rib, but I have enjoyed the Wild West Mixed Grill, which consists of Elk Medallions, Walleyed Pike and Wild Boar Venison Sausage.  All DELICIOUS.  The Steak Soup is fantastic.  I could happily eat it every day for lunch and dinner!  My Prime Rib is always cooked exactly as I order.  The Chocolate Mousse is my personal go-to dessert, and it goes fantastically with the Ice Wine on the menu.  My husband has enjoyed the Sorbet Trio and Sour Cream Cheesecake desserts.While this place isn't the least expensive meal, it is worth it. I do not recommend bringing children.  This is a fancy, adult place.  Be sure to turn off your ringtones and use your indoor voice - this place deserves it!My only detraction is the decor, which is dated.  I'd love to see the art be rotated out with some local art - photographs and paintings from local artists in the southwestern theme.  It'd be nice to see the art rotate in and out with the seasons perhaps.  Otherwise, there is nothing bad I can say about this place, and that is more a personal preference anyway.  TL:DR - go here.  Celebrate.  Eat delicious food and enjoy!  You won't be disappointed!
4	Really beautiful place. Service was exceptional. Worth every penny.
4	I'll put a disclaimer in this that I had just completed a long day of travel and was very hungry. This was one of the best steaks I've had in a long time. Everything about the experience was exactly what I needed. An old fashioned Southwest bar with great service. Even the salad and bread was worth writing home about. If I had to criticize... I wish they wouldn't make the poor waitstaff wear those goofy bolo ties.
2	Waiter was pleasant and entertaining.  Seafood chowder was hot and had lots of fish. Meat was three out of five.  Overall the food was warm although the sauces for the steaks were cool and the plates were cold.   We were among the last customers and actually got locked in the restaurant because all the staff went home after we tipped a generous 20%  Eventually someone from the kitchen let us out the side door.  It is one of the few restaurants open in the area on a Sunday evening.
