5	Nice employees, nice setup, nice prices, and best of all....nice work!  Convenient online booking which I love.
4	Lash extensions.  I wonder everyday how I got sucked into this mess, because it is so odd.  For those who don't know what lash extensions are, here is a primer.  The internet is just full of advertisements and websites that don't tell the full story. For those who know all about it, just skim down the bottom for my review of the place.HOLLY'S PRIMER ON EYELASH EXTENSIONSEyelash extensions are fake eyelashes that individually glued into each eyelash with black adhesive.  The first time you need to get a full set, which can take 3 or more hours.  If you wear contacts, you should take them out, although lately I haven't been doing that.  (Bad Holly!)  Afterwards, you will probably need to go every 3 weeks for a fill, which takes about 1 hour, to replace all the lashes that have fallen out or are poking you in the eye.  If you let it go too long, you will just look weird.  Don't use any products with glycol on or near your lashes. And you can't wet your lashes for 48 hours after a fill or full set.  Huge pain in the butt.In order to put on the eyelashes, the aesthetician needs to tape down your lower lashes and lid.  I personally want to scratch off the tape or pad they put down there for the first 15 minutes.  It drives me nuts.  You have to keep your eyes closed and try not to move or blink for however long it takes to get them on.  If anybody tells you they sleep through the whole procedure (and wake up with beautiful lashes! GAG!), they are lying or they have narcolepsy. You may doze off when the aesthetician is getting organized for the next round, but no one stays asleep when someone is poking around your eyelid (or resting their arm on your face to get the right angle).  If you want them taken off, you should probably have a professional do it, or you will end up losing your natural lashes.  They took a while for me to get used to, but it definitely is a dramatic look that other women notice.  Men, including my husband, couldn't care less.  I do spend more time fussing with the lashes than I did with mascara.  So I don't think it is a time saver.REVIEW OF CHERRY LASH LOUNGEI got my full set done for free at a general salon and then I paid for a fill with the same person.  But the aesthetician cussed a lot while putting on my lashes, making it a very uncomfortable, tense, and long experience.  She also tugged on my lashes quite a bit and pulled one out once.  Plus, whatever adhesive she was using burned my eyes.  My eyes were red for about 24 hours afterwards. I figured the adhesive was just the way it was but I thought the cussing and tugging could be reduced.I discovered Cherry Lash Lounge on Facebook and thought I'd give it a try.  The thing that appealed to me is that they only do lashes and have various levels of lash aestheticians depending on your budget and level of risk: Lash Apprentice, Lash Artist, and Lash Master.  I just went for the Lash Master (Delores) because I figured if that was miserable, then that was it for me and lash extensions.Appointments can be booked online or over the phone, but they will charge you a $9 reservation fee, which should be applied to your service.  Just make sure they do it.  I guess people who wear lash extensions are flaky?  I'm not sure how $9 is a deterrent to not showing up for an appointment but whatever.  They charge extra for a fill if your eyelashes have been done elsewhere.  It was $129 for my first fill in with a Lash Master because of this. (Is it just me, or does Lash Master sound kind of kinky?)  Plus, another $20 for "synthetic mink" lashes.  I don't think they have real mink.  My second fill in with the same individual was $69 + $20 for synthetic mink.  So... pros and cons about this place:Pros:- The adhesive they use doesn't burn my eyes.  Thank God!  - Comfortable lounge chairs with blankets. No creepy massage tables where you have to take your shoes off and get cold.- They use gel pads to tape down your lower eyelashes and lid, not 3M tape.  Much more comfortable, especially when it is time to take it off.- NO CUSSING! Nothing but quiet time.- No tugging on my lashes. It's still not the most pleasant experience in the world, but it's lots better than my first experiences.- They sell sealant which makes my lashes stay on longer.- Lash Masters! My lashes look fabulous!Cons:- I don't like the $9 reservation fee and I don't see why they need it.  It makes it a pain to check out, especially when you are in the rush because have forgotten to deduct it before.- I've only been there twice, but both times they have been behind by 30 minutes. - It is my understanding they will charge you more if you go over 3 weeks without a fill. But all and all, I've been happy with my experience.
5	These guys are the real deal. I have been getting extensions for about a year and half. About 3 months ago, I had to find a new place to get them done and had a couple of bad experiences elsewhere. I made an appointment at Cherry Lash for the "Lashes done Elsewhere' package and they removed my old lashes and put on a new full set and I've been hooked since. My technician is Tatiana who is completely amazing. My lashes are gorgeous, and really just need a little brushing into place in the morning and I am good to go. Highly, Highly recommend!!!
4	I love the layout of this place.  The customer service could be better.  If we were just talking about Suhail I would give 5 stars because she is amazing in every way.  I think she is the best one and she is super nice.  Linda is 2nd best (I think), but she is very arrogant.  I had a problem with one of the girl's work and the owner refused to come to the phone or call me.  Instead, she told me that I could come in and get my lashes free of charge.  Problem is that she never told the ladies my service was "free".  After the lashes were put in I was asked for payment.  The owner was not there at the time.  Well, I did not want to be arrested so I paid.  Funny, at the counter they have a customer survey/comment card with a line that asks if you would like to speak with the honor.  WHAT A JOKE!!  Good luck getting the owner to call you back.Still, I would recommend the place as long as no issues arise.
4	I had flirty lashes done by master artist, Darinka. She was super friendly, explained my options and led me in the right direction. I love my lashes! I have never done anything like this before, so I felt very comfy. Their chairs were amazing along with the blanket they provide if you get cold. I'm surprised I didn't fall asleep! I'm definitely planning on going back, maybe getting thicker lashes. I thought they would come out different, but I'm still in love. I did get there a bit early and I still had to wait about 20 minutes after my appointment time, but it was alright. It took her about 1.5 hours to do them. Can't wait to go back!
1	I'm not normally one to complain unless an experience was absolutely, hand's down unbearable. Today, I experienced something that should NEVER have happened to any paying customer. I've been here a few times now, and this review is not to discredit the work of the Lash Artist but, more about the un-professional behavior of the Lash Artist herself. I own my own business and it is a service oriented business. So, I know a thing or two about customer service. It's essential and key. First off, to have your business phones connected to your other locations that just happens to be in another State makes ABSOLUTELY NO sense to me. When you call, you don't know which location is answering the phones. They have two locations in Utah, one in Las Vegas and one more opening up from what I heard. So, if you call to let them know you might have to re-schedule because you're running late so, as not to hold up the artist any longer, they would have no idea of the artists schedule. They simply send that particular location a text through the computer. Confused? Exactly. My main complaint however is how I was treated by the Lash Artist who received NO communication from her receptionist as the receptionist didn't even bother to notify the Lash Artist of whatever discrepancy was taking place. Regardless of whether or not the Lash Artist (employee) received communication or not, it does NOT put them in ANY kind of position to immediately SCOLD (yes, I said the word "SCOLD"), BARK, LECTURE the client as they arrive. NO JOKE! At first, you're thinking--"ARE YOU SERIOUS?" If you've been to Cherry Lash Lounge, you'll know that the chairs are RiGHT next to one another and it's in one open area so, everyone is within earshot of everyone else's conversation. That's why people try to whisper but, you still pretty much hear everything. So, when my Russian Lash Artist, "TATIANA" proceeded to scold me as I had just taken my seat. The first thing I could think of is how disturbing this was for the other clients who were sitting in pretty much all the seats. It was a busy time. She immediately and VERY RUDELY (NO exaggeration) proceeded to complain to me about being timely and how they work on scheduled time etc...etc...etc... She was clearly annoyed and WOULD NOT STOP LECTURING ME as if I were a child! That is how I felt. Unbelievable. I explained to her that I own a business and I am quite aware of schedules and time and then, I told her about the phone call and all she could say was "Oh...nobody told me." I asked her, pointing in the direction of her receptionist, if she did not pass the message on to her just to clarify. Tatiana said that Utah must've answered the phone. Not to be sarcastic but, "EUREKA!" And then, she just left it at that. When I asked the receptionist, she curtly (without eye contact) told me she didn't get my call and that Utah answered it and answered for me to come on in and that everything would be fine but, all they did was send this receptionist a text, which she stated that "they sent me a text" and was staring at her computer screen. However, the receptionist did not pass the message on to the Lash Artist in waiting. Regardless of a message being passed, this does not take Tatiana off the hook and excuse her for her behavior as this was the main reason for me writing this lengthy review. I have NEVER, in all my years been treated in such a manner. It was infuriating, embarrassing and no customer should EVER be put on the spot like that. Tatiana has NO business being in the service industry with an attitude and a mouth like that. I'm not asking for warm and fuzzies if you're doing your job well, I will be a loyal customer. Again, this is not about dis-crediting anyone's work. It's about the treatment of clients in such a manner that they should NEVER have to experience. I'm not a crazy couponer nor, am I looking for a free service. I want to notify others of my experience to hopefully, prevent this from happening again. I hope the owner takes this review and try to use it resourcefully by doing something about the connection of those phone lines and perhaps, making it a point to let her staff know that they are not in the position to reprimand clients as if they were children! Unfortunately, this experience at Cherry Lash will be my last. They just lost a good paying customer and there is no way I can recommend a place like this after the experience I just had today.
5	I've been getting lash extensions at Cherry Lash Lounge since January 2012. I will never go to any other lash salon or practitioner in Las Vegas.I'm from Seattle where my lash extortionist was honest and professional, taking time and care of my lashes, always - without fail, applying lash by lash as well as stressing the importance of proper care and maintenance. When I moved to LV in Aug-2011 I went to at least 4 different lash practitioners (email me and I'll tell you who), who lied repeatedly to my face about doing lash by lash, while their technique was layering lashes on top of lashes, gluing lashes together, putting glue all over my eyelids to simulate eyeliner and eventually ruining my natural lashes and causing allergic reactions from the glue. I was about to stop getting extensions when I decided to try cherry lash as a last resort. My lashes have been perfectly applied ever since, just like what I was use to I'm Seattle. I started by going to Suejey (sp? Pronunciation: Sue-hey) and now I since July-2012 I've been seeing Linda (because her schedule works best for me). Both ladies are amazing at their job, as I'm sure the rest of the extortionists are. I highly recommend Cherry Lash for the integrity of their work, honesty and kindness. If you go anywhere else in the city I promise you will regret it.
5	I've been going here since the old location and seeing Linda since before she became a Master Lash Artist. This place is top-notch and the quality of service is amazing. Definitely worth the money to get A+ service and beautiful lashes that last almost a month. I love this place. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
1	I went for a fill.  Without my knowledge, the lady spent the entire time removing lashes and did not add a single lash.  I was not told this until my time had completely run out.  To add insult to injury she still made me pay for the fill.  She told me that she needed me to come back that week for my fill and that she would not charge me.  Because of my job I could not make it back until two weeks later.......so when I returned she charged me full price for a FULL SET rather than a fill....since it had been so long since I had a fill (WHAT!!).  I did not bother speaking with management because when I had a bad experience previous to that manager promised me a free fill, but when I went to get it Cherry charged me and I did not want to argue.The customer service and communication at this place is seriously lacking.
5	I have had my lashes done here for months and I will not go elsewhere. There are tons of places that do it for cheaper but the quality is just so lacking. Suhail is my favorite master artist and she's worth it. She is the best and her implementation, quality of service and technique is bar none the best. This is the only place that is comfortable and their glue doesn't burn my eyes. Their lashes are of good quality and light weight. I've been getting lash extensions for years but this is the only one that has gotten me so hooked on maintaining them whereas others have made we want to pull them off within weeks of getting them done because the glue was so clumpy. The only con that I can say of the place is the price, its pricey, however I suppose the price speaks for the caliber of the services and quality of the lashes. It's also phenomenal that you can make online appointments as that is convenient.
4	I can't commit to 5-stars only because I've never had extensions done here--only lash removal.After wearing extensions for a couple weeks, the shedding, patches, and special care were starting to bug the crap out of me. The girl who did them is a little far away and Cherry Lash was conveniently located right down the street from me so I decided to partake in the FREE LASH REMOVAL. Yup, I said it. FREE, regardless if they initially applied them or not. You have to make an appointment online using their reservation tool. The place is pretty nice for just a lash place. They have big, plushy, cushion-y chairs--way fancier than the salon I got the lashes at.I showed up and lashes were off in 15 minutes. Tipped the girl $10 for her time and I was on my way. Quick & Easy! If I were to ever change my mind about extensions, I would probably come here. Prices are higher than the salons but it seems like the lash techs here are more experienced and better trained.
4	I recently moved here from Utah. I needed to find a new place to get them done. I stubbled upon Cherry Lashes on yelp. I went in for a fill and was very impressed. It's a very professional and relaxing setting.
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is The BEST!  The place is clean, relaxing and the Cherry Lash team are extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Many times strangers stop me just to ask if my lashes are real and comment how amazing they look.  I love my lashes & highly suggest trying out Cherry Lash Lounge ~ you'll be hooked!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is extremely professional.  I have been going for 9 months now and I'm addicted.  Chantel does such a great job and is always willing to make time from her busy schedule to get me in last minute.  I love the way my lashes look and cannot imagine how I lived without them!  It's an extremely relaxing setting and as a busy mom, it's my only time to relax.  Highly recommended!
5	Wish I found this place sooner! The lounge has such a cozy set up...a real spa like feel...Get ready to fall asleep. The staff is very knowledgable and their quality of works is great. Prices are reasonable and they offer many different options as well. A must go!
5	Abi is one of the Lash Artists and she did an amazing job. they re did the inside of the location and it feels just like a lounge. I love it!
3	Ali is one of the Lash Artists and she did an amazing job. they re did the inside of the location and it feels just like a lounge. I love it! I am still very bothered by Tatiana being gone. I think there was a cultural issue there. Anyways, I did not return for some time after finding out Tatiana was gone. My lashes were the best I had in years with Tatiana. I don't like that a lot of the staff seems to be missing because it makes me feel like I can't get attached to an artist. I found Ali though and I really love her work!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town for sure!!!
5	I had the best relaxing experience while getting my lashes done. Very professional, nice, beautiful people.
5	My new favorite place!  Chantel gets the job done right and courteous.
5	Love this place! Such a cozy atmosphere with big comfy recliners, fuzzy blankets, and soft lighting. I've actually dozed off during a couple appointments! The ladies are really great with helping you choose the perfect lashes for you. I go to Marianne and I love her, she's so sweet and I always leave with gorgeous peepers.
4	I'm getting married in about 5 weeks and thought it might work out much better to have extensions for the wedding and honeymoon than wearing falsies.  The plan was to try them out way in advance just in case it didn't work out.  I've been here twice.  First time for the initial application and then again for a fill.  Both times I've been to see apprentices, due to the lower prices.Well, it worked out!!  I'm hooked.  I love the look of the eyelashes.  They call attention to my eyes in a way that I could never achieve with just mascara.  Both of the apprentices I have seen were very good and gentle.  The results have been great.  The only downfall is the time commitment.  The appointments (with an apprentice) to take a few hours.  I will be trying a "Master Artist" on my next fill, and I'm hoping that the time commitment will be a lot less for the same (or even better) results.  I will continue to see their apprentices when time permits for the money saving factor!
5	I loved this place! Great relaxing atmosphere! My eyelashes came out amazing and I am so happy. I wish I could remember who did mine...she was such a perfectionist. She actually took in to consideration my eye shape before suggesting the look I should go for. They also take very detailed notes of exactly the length and placement of lashes in case you have a different artist the next time. And I'm not kidding on the relaxing atmosphere, I even overheard a few ladies snoring because they fell asleep during the process!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town for sure!!
5	I had the best relaxing experience while getting my lashes done. Very professional, nice, beautiful people.
4	I started getting lash extensions over a year ago,..and I'M HOOKED! THis is the only place I have ever been to for lash extensions, but I have heard horror stories of other facilitates and people doing them privately in homes. The price isn't cheep, but other than a hair cut every few months it's what I do to treat myself,....so I can justify spending the $50 every few wks. C:Chantel is my favorite! I've been seeing her for months. I don't have the same experience with any one else I've tried when she was booked. I recently started competing in bikini competitions and she adjusts the length of my lashes for shows. The lounge chairs are comfy, and they give you a blanket for warmth. Most of the time I just take a little nap while they are being put on. I have recommend several freiends to this business.I love my Cherry Lashes!Thanks Chantel!
5	I love Linda!! Haven't seen her in quite some time but I wouldn't go to any other! After the first time going to Linda I sent most of the girls I work with here and they've had their lashes done by most of the artist and never did I hear one complaint.. Always 100% satisfied. All the ladies here are super nice and they interact with you regardless if you're their client or not. Just a fun spot.. At least it's always been for me.
5	I've gotten extensions done before and had incredibly horrible experiences. I was fortunate enough to meet Maryanne this friendly Hawaiian girl who was at that time an apprentice. She was very good at her job and was refreshing to chat with ESP since I always have such hectic work weeks with lots of plane trips and car rides. I could rely on my experience w Maryanne for my lash appointment to relax myself and feel pampered. I have tried other girls before and I could say for sure that Maryanne is the best. She never rests her hands on my face while she applies my lashes and I could literally fall asleep when she is my artist. She has such light hands and I swear this girl could be a surgeon If she wanted to. Skill is one thing all the techs have but Maryanne has skill and light hands  me being in the medical field I know how important it is to have a gentle touch. This alone can make or break a clients impression of any medical or beauty establishment. I am just sad that since my work schedule changed i cant book with Maryanne anymore. I miss the service i get from her because it was the best!! I absolutely love Cherry Lash Lounge and would never go elsewhere. The most Kudos goes to Maryanne for always delivering the most excellent quality experience I have ever received.
4	My last visit was my third, but it was the first time I had seen Dolores.  As a Master artist, I have to say the results Dolores provided were even better than I had previously gotten from the two prentices I had seen!  More money, but definitely better results!  I've convinced my mom to switch to Dolores also, as she has been going to CLL for as long as I have.Wedding is in just shy of three weeks and I plan to continue with the upkeep even after the wedding  and honeymoon are over!!
5	Perfection at its finest with lash artist Chantel.  Always professional.
5	Hello, this was my third time coming, and yet I still feel like its my first time.. That butterfly feeling, because I know that I will have a relaxing day and at the same time getting my lashes done, and every single time I feel like a brand new and beautiful woman. I just love telling people where I get them done and I'm proud to say Maryann C at cherry lash lounge!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is the best in town!!  I would highly recommend all the lash artists..Have not had a bad one yet!  Very natural look too!
5	Love CLL, my regular artist is Marianne C. and she is amazing. I have been coming here for almost a year, I can't imagine my lashes with extensions anymore. Marianne is professional, friendly, and does a fantastic job. If you are considering extensions; I highly recommend her.
5	They got me ready for the Golden Globes this year!  LOVE my girls there!
5	I love this place! The staff is very friendly and helpful. My lash artist, Chantel, is AMAZING! I have been a loyal customer for nearly a year now and would recommend it to everyone. Go get a free consultation! It will change your life...just a word of caution: be prepared for constant compliments on your lashes! :)
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is awesome!!Such comfortable environment, comfy chairs, soft blanket!!Artists are very talented, especially Ali and Taylor!! No complaints at all!! : )
4	I wore fake eyelashes every single day until a friend told me about Cherry Lash Lounge. I LOVE it. I love just waking up in the morning with beautiful long thick lashes.. I never feel like I need to do my makeup anymore and I can get ready so fast. You can't see them glued on, they look almost natural. I wouldn't ever switch!
1	Had my lashes taken off after having a Cleo done and only  1 fill. this place is unprofessional and a rip off! I wouldn't refer anyone here! Their lashes aren't even real mink! Waste of time and money! Shouldn't even get 1 star! Cherry lash lounge just lost a good customer! They say a fill in 2 weeks or less is just a regular fill and 2-3 is a fill plus. When I got my Cleo done no one informed me that I need to book a fill plus everytime even it's been 1 week  2 week or 3 weeks. If your going here to get a Cleo or want full lashes if most the lashes fall out by your next fill and your not scheduled for a fill plus your just sol and stuck w gaps between your lashes and barely any lashes even after fill. Even if it's the receptionist fault that your appointment wasn't booked right your still sol!They just wanna get people in and out and get there money. They don't care about customer service. So if u go here and aren't happy with your lashes at sum point they will do nothing! These people need to learn how to run a real business and not keep charging people for dumb stuff and rip them off!!! Look at sum of their reviews are only 1 stars due to them running a bad business! I had refered some of my girlfriends here that no longer will be going to cherry to get their lashes done.
5	Juat got my lashes done here with Taylor and she's absolutely amazing!!!
5	I love my cherry lashes! It saves the hassle of getting ready as I am always on the go. I love the convenience of it and its nice to look pretty all the time when you wake up. I can't go without them and look forward to my appts everytime. Definitely recommend as the pricing is reasonable!
1	Cherry lash lounge is a rip off and disappointment! each time I got my lashes done here by the time I went for my fill in less than 2 weeks almost all my lashes fell out! Very unprofessional and doesn't even give the correct information about lashes! I'm now going to Diane at colors at Caesars and I have real mink lashes unlike the fake ones Cherry uses. I have zero problems with my lashes now! She takes her time to make sure my lashes are full the way I want them and isn't rushing to get her next client in the chair unlike cherry lash lounge! So glad I'm going to Diane now! I refer all my girlfriends to her now:)
5	Cherry Lash lounge is amazing!  Everyone is professional and exceptionally talented!
4	I just had my lash fill today (6/4/13) with Chelsea S! She is the best. I've been going to Cherry Lash for about 2 years now and love it. Great relaxing atmosphere and great service. My lashes always look great thanks to Chelsea!
5	What an awesome experience I have everytime im @ cherry lash ..both of my Artist....Chelssa & Linda are great and staff even better i just love em all .....thank u Roxanne for always workking with me....  :-)
5	I chose the Cleopatra lashes and I LOVE them!!!! Christina was amazing and the time just flew by! I can't believe that my lashes looks so full and long and maintenance free! I will definitely be coming back!!
5	Roger is so gentle, I got the ravishing set and it looks so beautiful;  really makes my eyes pop : ) I highly recommend this place
5	I started getting my lashes done about a month ago my co-worker Tami got me hooked on them I love them and I love the work that my artist Thank Linda
5	Love them! Did an awesome job! Very relaxing ! Excellent service
5	This place is great!!!  I'm completely hooked!  I've been going to them for 6+ months and so amazed on how my look has transformed!
5	I love Cherry Lash Lounge!Taylor and Ali are fantastic!Would never go anywhere else!!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is the best. Beautiful decor and relaxing atmosphere Chantel D is a master artist.
5	I recommend Cherry Lash Lounge to everyone! They are so professional and my lashes have never looked better! I'm happy I found a great place finally after going to other lash salons.
4	My first session! Cool little spot! We will see how long they last!
5	Wow! I've had my lashes done many times. These are so beautiful and feel weightless. Kylee did an awesome job and was so calming and meticulous. I am a busy mom and I felt comfortable to just relax and NOT talk. It was nice to listen to music, sleep, and wake up to gorgeous lashes. The chairs are extremely comfy. Best thing is that I can afford to keep these beautiful lashes up.
5	Amazing what a difference having long lashes makes. I just get up and go in the mornings!! Roger is the best and I always get the ravishing set love it!!
5	Full plus before our trip to Europe!!! SO HAPPY, SO WORTH IT!
5	Here we go again! Another appointment at cherry lash lounge! I can't wait to get my lovely lashes done by Gina she is amazing and I love her! Angeles and giovani are also so helpful and are so attentive! They truly make my trip to cherry lash lounge an awesome one! Thank you guys!
5	II love it!  I have no problems with sticky or clumpy lashes! They actually put 1 lash on 1 lash!  Awesome!
5	I have been  a client of Cherry Lash Lounge for 3 yrs. now. Initially, I looked for convenience and "not quality," and I paid the price. Went to a place in Henderson, just because it was in my neighborhood and within a week, the lashes started falling one by one. I looked at the lashes and realized how different the quality had been in comparison to Cherry. I was in shock!! Cherry uses top quality lashes and the proof is in the pudding. That is why they last a month!! I never looked anywhere else since that bad experience. I go to Chantel and had stayed with her since then. :) I get a lot of compliments on how nice "my lashes are," and I say: "they are mine; I paid for them!"
5	Cherry is such a clean and professional facility. This is now my third time back and I will continue to come. The lash artists do an amazing job and having my extensions cut my getting ready time in the morning in half!
5	I absolutely love my lashes! I ended up setting my appointment up with a apprentice. I was a bit skeptical and very nervous... But once I was there the lash apprentice was very sweet and patient with me! She walked me through everything and gave me her professional opinion (which I loved)!! All in all I will be back this upcoming week for my fill. I'm so happy with my results. Thank you cherry lash lounge. Ps. The lounge is so beautiful and relaxing.
5	I have been getting my lashes done here for a year now and I love it! I get so many compliments on my lashes. The service is great and the atmosphere is cozy and relaxing. I've had just a couple scheduling issues but everyone worked really hard to accommodate me. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I have been a customer for over a year now! Nothing beats the beautiful lashes that I get from the professional artists here. I love the friendly staff and convenient booking process.
5	Came in for a mini fill with Raquel after my shower disaster.  She freshened me up in no time, she does a fabulous job!!!
5	I walked in yesterday to get info on pricing and types of lashes offered and the staff was friendly and informative. They were able to get me in for an appointment the next day.I came in for my first appt today. The staff was very friendly and professional. I had a much better experience compared to the salon I went to in the past for extensionsKaye was awesome and did a great job in keeping me comfortable during the process. I love my lashes. The big plush chairs were comfortable and the atmosphere was great.
5	My first time here, was referred to this place by my friend. I got the Cleo by a very nice apprentice, Ariana. She was so sweet and didn't disturb me while I was sleeping. :P They have really comfortable chairs so it wasn't a pain to be laying there for 2 hours. I had my appointment at 6 and was started right then! I love my eyelashes ! I asked for a fuller look with some curls and she was on point. If you go with an apprentice it is cheaper but they do a good job :) ASK FOR ARIANA!!!!!
5	I got the lash fill today with Roger, I barely needed it but I always feel so much prettier after; totally hooked...
5	Totally got my cherry popped by getting my first set of lash extensions.  I wanted a more natural look so I got the FLIRTY done by the Lash Artist ---Maritza.  The facility was very clean and the staff was friendly.  The styling room had great music, comfy lazy boys, and a fuzzy blanket waiting for me alongside other ladies who were getting their eyelashes done.  It was so relaxing and comfortable that I almost fell asleep.  It took me only 1.5 hour.  Maritza was such a sweetheart and very helpful in suggesting a noticeable, natural design.  Can't wait to get a fill-plus with them next time.
5	I love this place!  I have been seeing Raquel Z. since late March and she's been doing an amazing job on my lashes. I receive many compliments on them and I owe it all to her. The customer service is top notch and I love being able to make my appointments on line. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The place is clean and the lazy boy chairs are heavenly and perfect for a quick nap. They even have blankets to throw over you while you're being pampered. I have recommended this place to many co-workers and friends.
4	I'm a huge fan of Cherry Lash Lounge!    I love their online tool to pick your artist/make appointments, etc.
5	Just saw Raquel for a mini fill; she's so professional and talented. I have been asked about my lashes 4 times this week alone. I picked up some business cards to give out on my way out : )
5	This is my 3rd visit here. I got my first full set for a tropical vacation and didn't think I would keep them. I fell in love with them though and will continue to come back. I go to Master Artist Raquel, and she is amazing!!
5	Let me start off by saying that I am completely HOOKED on lash extentions .. I started going here probably about 2 years ago when they had a different and much smaller location , since then cherry lash has grown and they even got a bigger location that is just amazing just like the people that work there , getting my lashes done is like getting a massage hahaha its so relaxing to know that when they are done im going to look completely FAB!!! CHELSEA & MARITZA are amazing .. I love them both and they always do amazing work , depending on scheduling they are the only two I go too just because of comfort . but ive recommended a handful of my girlfriends and ive never heard anything but good feedback... LADIES if your thinking about getting your lashes done go nowhere else then CHERRY LASH these are professionals and I guarantee that you will not be disappointed !! LOVE YOU CHERRY LASH ... thank you for making me a complete addict !
5	Cherry Lounge is amazing!  I started going there in Feb 2013 and am completely addicted.  My co-worker told me about Cherry and since then I have been a customer.  Additionally, I have referred 3 friends who are also hooked.  The ambiance of the "lounge" is unmatchable....marshmallow like recliners, soft blankets and relaxing music.  It feels like you are going to a spa!,  It's a great experience and highly recommended!
5	Cherry Lash Lounge is Awesome!!  Taylor or Ali are the best and I would never go anywhere else.. I;ve heard horror stories about other places!!
5	Love my lashes! Kayle was awesome!! Great customer service !! I've been going for some months now and always been satisfied with my lashes and service !!!
5	Love cherry lash lounge! Such a clean, relaxing environment. My artist is Gina R. She's great at what she does, my lashes stay full and ravishing always! I love the fact that they don't fall off easily nor do they ruin my natural lashes. Check in on Facebook for $5 off!! :)
5	I've never had eyelash extensions before, but I chose Cherry Lash Lounge for its convenient location and reasonable prices. Courtney did a great job making me feel comfortable and helping me choose the lashes that would best for me. I absolutely love how they turned out and will definitely be returning!
5	I love Raquel! She's amazing and she knows what she's doing. Also, she's super sweet!
4	Cherry lash lounge is my every 3 week getaway!! I've going to Raquel Z since February and she does an excellent job!! Professional and a relaxing atmosphere.
5	I went in for a lash fill with the lash master Rodger, he had his work cut out for him because I had unintentionally pulled out some since last time but as usual he made me look amazing!!!
4	Cherry Lash Lounge was recommended by my sister whom has been attending this establishment for some time and she is extremely pleased. Her lashes look full and natural. My consultation was professional, and the facility was clean and comfortable.  The receptionist was very friendly and the lash technician/artist was knowledgeable. Today is my first visit and am extremely anxious and assured that I will have the same experience.
3	As a first-time client, I was highly impressed with the service I received in the chair. It was a calm/relaxing and educational  experience.  My lashes look real good, am very happy no-more-mascara, Yay!!   I like a business wherein I feel welcome coming through the door, where the lobby is client-friendly. The day I was there, the front desk was very busy.   I do intend to make a second appointment.. I have not received compensation by Cherry Lash Lounge by writing this review.
5	I don't think I'll ever go back to regular mascara. I'm hooked. I got eyelash extensions for the first time a couple of days ago. I was nervous at first because I didn't know much about them or how they would effect my current lashes. I also had heard bad stories from nail salons that try and do eyelashes too ( bad idea) . I thought it would be similar to the eyelashes you buy in the local drug store and didn't understand why they cost so much. I thought I would try anyway and I was presently surprised. Everyone at cherry lash lounge was very friendly. My tech walked me through the entire process. It was relaxing and I love the result. My husband loves it each day he tells me how pretty I am but he still doesn't know what I did, only that I look good. I highly recommend this salon. My tech (Taylor) was new and only had been there for three months but she did fantastic!
5	Love this place! Very affordable if you ask for an apprentice. The atmosphere is comfy, and the staff is very knowledgeable! The lashes are definitely addictive, you'll want to get a fill plus every 2-3 weeks to maintain!
5	Love this place!  Everything is red & black, my favourite!  True professionals and cleanliness is everything here!  Fantastic service and a true spa experience.
5	This place is amazing I got hooked on my first session! I been getting my lashed done since March 2013. The place is nice and cozy I tend to fall asleep at times hahaha it's a very comfortable environment. They even provide blankets for you!! I been going with Martitza and Iv'e tried booking with other girls and i haven't had the same experience as i did with Martiza. I love her technique it's awesome she makes my lashes looks really natural Iv'e had complements and people cant believe there extensions that's how good this girl is. She combines medium and long lashes makes it look amazing! Over all I would say that I would Recommend this place It's so worth it.  not to mention you can book appointments online! very convenient.
5	I'd rather get lashes done here then any of my other pampering. That's if I had to give something up :pI've gotten lashes before all across southern california, none as professional, aesthetically beautiful, well run, and just overall satisfactory like Cherry Lash Lounge.I always go to Chantell, she gives the fullest most natural looking lashes. She's super gentle, and takes her time but does NOT waste your time. Ive had other gf's say that they hate getting their lashes done/refilled because it hurts or stings, I've never had any kind of experience like that. The lashes DO really last as long as you take care of them.My first time getting lashes here with Chantell, I went to Hawaii for 2 weeks. I was pretty cautious but there was a few surprise waves or canoe capsizes, and my lashes were still super lush. I highly recommend this place, and highly recommend Chantell
4	I ve been coming here for a few months now, the place is clean and relaxing.  I love my lashes! they look natural and very comfy
4	i debated between giving a 3 or 4 but because of the great service and accommodation, i decided to give it a 4-star. recently got a lash extension here after my friend recommended this place and her lashes looked amazing. i knew mine wasn't going to look the same because i naturally have shorter lashes. i have gotten lash extension many times before and it never turns out exactly as how i wanted but i thought i would give this place a try anyway since i now live in las vegas.i got the full set by apprentice which was $50+$9 reservation fee. i thought it was a great deal as most places are well over $100+i loved the idea and comfort cherry lash lounge has to offer, each client is being serviced in this large lazy-boy recliner with dividers/curtains in between each client for a more secluded feel. i usually don't fall asleep that easily but i could feel myself dozing off. keep in mind, it is a VERY long process to get your lashes done (especially your first full set) during the midst of it i did feel like my bladder was about to explode but my apprentice was very kind and patient as she led me to the bathroom mid-session. overall, it was a very pleasant experience and and the reason i debated giving it a 3 doesn't have anything to do with the service of this place. it is because i don't like how my lash extensions fall and droop over my eyes therefore making my eyes smaller than it is. i am still debating if lash extensions is right thing for me- but if i do decide i want them refilled i will definitely go back to this place and i highly recommend cherry lash lounge to anyone who wants to enhance their eyes.P.S they're almost ALWAYS fully booked so make sure you make a reservation online before going in.
5	I love this place!! My lashes are perfect every time I come and I get alot of compliments!! Definitely check it out!I love coming here!! Chantell is the best!! I'm sure there are alot of great people here but I absolutely recommend Chantell!!
5	I wanted to get my eyelashes done for a vacation so I wouldn't have to worry about doing my makeup every morning. I went with the lash apprentice cleopatra full set which was only $59. It was exactly what I wanted. My lashes were beautiful and the price was affordable. The staff is really nice and accommodating as well. The chairs are super comfortable too which is a good thing because sometimes you're in that chair for 3 hours at a time! If you're looking for a good eyelash extensions place, definitely check Cherry Lash Lounge out!
1	The first set of lashes was great.  The second set, on my left eye, on about the 3rd day enough fell out to see a difference.  By the time they could squeeze me in again, I had to pay the full price.  The third visit, my stylist started chatting with the receptionist about crap a customer has no business listening to and she lost focus, my lashes went everywhere, no congruity.  The fifth and final set, I mentioned we had just financed my boyfriends daughters salon in North Las Vegas and I kid you not by the time I checked out, they told me it was their policy not to service "their competition".  What the heck?  Where's the neighborly love?  I guess that only happens in small country towns.  Whatever, the best stylists build their clientele and go off and open their own little studios.  They are the "true" masters.  I recommend trying the little ones popping up around town.  Thumbs down for Cherry Lash Lounge.  They charge you the minute you make an appt. and it stays no matter if you cancel ahead of time or not!!
1	Horrible horrible customer service! Take business elsewhere!!!!!Booked three appointments over the phone for a saturday morning. One day prior to appointments got a voicemail CONFIRMING THREE APPOINTMENTS. Saturday rolls around, go in for my appointments and was told that I only have TWO appointments booked!! Male and female at front desk were completely uncooperative and talked to my party like they were reading a generic line from a script "yes, but i'm sorry you only have two appointments" over and over again!
5	First time at this place... I booked a consultation and then the next day had my lashes done!!! One word ahhhhhhmazing!!! Chantell did an awesome job and even stayed late to take me! The atmosphere is great, customer service is great and the work is great! Will definitely be coming back!! Thanks ladies!
5	Just got a "Flirty" set done by Kylie! I'm so happy with the beautiful lashes and how they just open up my eyes. I would recommend CLL to anyone. Very clean and professional. Comfortable chairs, relaxing overall.
5	I have been coming here to get my lashes done since July and I'm extremely addicted. (This review is extremely late!) I was nervous to get my lashes done for the first time since I didn't know what I wanted. I had my first lash appointment with Lash Artist, Maritza, and she was so helpful with figuring out what lashes would be best for me. I love the relaxing atmosphere. When you first enter, there are very nice receptionists who check in you in for your appointment and they offer water while you wait. Then, your apprentice, artist, or master artist comes to get you for your appointment.While you get your lashes done, you lay back in a nice reclining chair with a comfy blanket and music playing in the background. The experience is just so relaxing! I was so impressed with my first set and I fell in love with my lash extensions. I have been coming back to get a fill plus every 3 weeks and I always make my appointments with Maritza since she is absolutely amazing! I recommend getting your lashes done with her. Thank you Cherry Lash Lounge for your amazing service. If you are going to get lash extensions, this is the place to go!
5	I have contemplated lashes for a while now. I scheduled an appt here after I talked with a gal who recommended the place. I went back and forth on what level of lash technician to book with. I decided middle of the road and booked with lash artist Christina. I LOVE HER!  She was personable, funny, nice and thoroughly explained everything, what she was doing, after care, etc. I wasn't sure what to choose as I'm not one to go with the dramatic look so went with the natural curl and short and medium length. They look amazing and I still cannot believe they look this good with no mascara!!The appt was exactly 2 hrs, everything was very punctual. I shopped around and thought the price was great. The ambiance of the place was relaxing and comfortable. Overall, very pleased. Will definitely be returning!
5	Been coming here since the beginning (I lived in Utah where it started) and wouldn't recommend any different business to handle such an important part of your image! I personally go to Chantel or Regina but Reyna wouldn't hire anyone that isn't adequate to make sure your lashes aren't perfect!! But make sure to book ahead of time they are that amazing that they are usually booked out weeks ahead!!
5	In my job, I come across a lot of people and when I was searching for another lash artist, I seemed to know a common thread of women I met. Not only did they have great looking lashes that was more natural looking than I've seen out there, but they also patronized the same business. Hence, my recent visit to this wonderful place.  While it was a trek from my place of residence, I couldnt help to find out that this was the only place that could accommodate my schedule. This place closes at 10pm, so it was my emergency place to get a refill. For someone who's been working daily for a month and a half, I found the reclining chair with a comfortable provided blanket a great way to get a 2hr nap. For those who are strapped with time issues of most salons, this is your place to hit while getting both great customer service and skilled lash artists.
1	I really really REALLY wanted to like this place! I came to Cherry out of convenience. I own a salon and many of my own clients go to cherry and have beautiful lashes. When my lash girl was unable to accommodate my hours I called cherry to set up my first appt. and I saw Ariana! I loved my lashes and I loved Cherry. I had a set of lashes on from my previous girl and Ariana said they were quality and could just do a full. I liked them so much I started referring my own clients and even called my mom in an appt. for a fill since she had the same lashes from the same girl I had been seeing and Ariana said she could fill them.This is when it gets bad...On the day of my moms appt about a half hour AFTER her appt was to begin she called me and asked if it was normal to be waiting so long. Turns out Ariana had gone home early. No one bothered to call or even tell my mom when she got there! Just let he sit and wait! Anyhow she rescheduled an appt with Ariana for they following day and cherry offered her a discount. She shows up for her appt and a lash girl who she thought was Arian starts removing her previous lashes in a painful manor. While she was sucking back her snot (she must have been sick or partied to hard the night before) she applied a sparse set of lashes to my mothers lashes..after the appt my mother finds out this girl is not Ariana. I felt horrible I referred my mother to be treated this way:(So the day arrives for my appt with Ariana. I sit down and a bit later a girl calls me back. It was NOT ARIANA! So I go to the desk and ask what's up. They tell me Ariana is no longer with them. Ok, well thanks for the heads up! Anyhow I follow the new girl back to get my fill. I think she spent half the hour prepping and combing. When she was done she explained she was adding a black coating to them. She showed me. They looked OK. I wasn't too impressed but was sick of complaining already and they were giving me a discount for not letting me know I was being sent to someone new. I After about a day I realized my fill was barely a fill and the coating must had coated my natural lashes and worn off to show I had hardly any lashes:( I called to see if I could schedule  another fill ASAP. I am pretty busy and couldn't find time to fit it in for about a week so I just scheduled my two week out for a fill plus thinking this was the only way to get nice full lashes. She promised me Taylor would be the best for me and I was looking forward to seeing her. Today was my appt with Taylor. Just got a call she was going home early and they would like to reschedule me with someone  else. REALLY Cherry? I'm done. Bad business. I'll be going back to my girl. Prices, quality, and service is way better.
5	4.5 starsAfter a less than spectacular experience still went back to get a fill because I choose not to let one experience dictate the whole place. Well I was not disappointed! I asked for a somewhat different style than what I had on and my lash master artist Chantel. Was happy to oblige. It was a quick and easy process and when I told her what I wanted to change she was able to offer her expert advise and correct what I had before.--After I left, Chantel called me to apologize about the bad service I had received before I went today, and offered to help, as well as assured me that it was unacceptable and that was not how Cherry Lash Lounge condoned themselves. I was very happy that Chantel called me because it truly shows that this business cares about you as an individual and does not dismiss your experience.--Ambiance: Its somewhat a dark lit room, with recliner like chairs & they cover you with a blanket. Awesome time to relax, for an hour or more of your day while you're still being productive. I am very pleased I went back for a second visit, and did not choose to forget about this place. Have already received compliments on how natural and well done my lashes are!Below are some pics! Apologies, on my eyebrows!Will def. be telling more of my friends about this place. Thanks Cherry Lash Lounge!
5	I absolutely love this place! I've been getting my lashes done here for a few months now and couldn't be happier. My lash stylist is Darinka and she makes my eyes look awesome! The setting itself is very comfortable! Go in & take a nap and wake up with beautiful full lashes :)
5	The best in town! I tried several places before my wedding to get the "right" look, dramatic yet natural. I got married six months ago and I still have the lashes, I'm hooked.
5	I love getting my lashes done at Cherry Lash Lounge. It's relaxing to sit in a big reclined chair with a furry blanket and then get up an hour later looking gorgeous! I go to Gentri in Salt Lake and she does an amazing job every time. I've been getting my lashes done with her for 2 years and will keep booking again after each appt.
1	They never have Apprentice services available. Even when trying to book months ahead!
4	I was a little nervous about getting eyelash extensions, but I had so many people tell me that Cherry Lash Lounge was the place to go, so I finally decided to check it out! (the $20 off coupon I found in the Las Vegas Weekly didn't hurt, either!)The process, from booking the appointment online, to checking in when I arrived, was really smooth and professional, with a document outlining what to expect and the dos and dont's of the process. I booked a "Flirty" set with a Lash Artist named Courtney. The service area was very clean and comfortable, with numerous reclining chairs and music (a blend of non-offensive pop music). I was offered a blanket and a bottle of water (a choice of cold or room-temperature, wow!). When Courtney showed me what the Flirty set would look like, I really wanted to upgrade to a thicker set, but unfortunately, she said she was fully booked and couldn't. So, I was a little bummed about that, but it wasn't her fault.The process itself was really well done. Courtney was able to answer all of my questions and sang quietly while she worked. She had a nice voice, so I didn't mind at all. It took almost exactly 1.5 hrs from start to finish, and my lashes look very nice. A little more subtle than I'd like, but very natural and pretty. Courtney suggested that I should get a "fill-plus" next time for a little more thickness and volume, so that's what I'll do next time!
1	The worse eyelash ever!!!!!!!! Stayed there to finish for 2 hours, after she is done, my eyes was so uncomfortable, but she couldn't help me to fix. I was so sad because I even couldn't open my eyes. After a while, another one to help me to fix But still felt something in my eyes.. After I went home, I couldn't stop to touch my eyes until every eyelash is gone.. Tooo bad.. Even my real eyelash is gone.. The sad day ever!!!!'
5	Love this place. The atmosphere is very relaxing and quiet. The staff is very polite and accommodating. The chairs are very comfortable and even the price point is reasonable compared to many others. I've been getting extensions for some time now and I've had an apprentice all the way up to a master application and I've always been very satisfied with the results. Two thumbs up!
5	PERFECT lashes by Vanessa that lasted seriously forever before I had to get them filled in. For sure the person to go see for flawless lashes if you are visiting or live in Vegas!
5	I'm so amazed by the customer service here! The first time I got my lashes done, I was far from impressed and thought that they just looked OK. I didn't realize the maintenance would change my daily routine so much and was wondering if the extensions were really for me.I decided to at least get another fill before I changed my mind and I love how they came out! Sophia did an awesome job in changing my look and did a much better job than my previous lash artist. My initial lash job looked like there were eyelashes going in every direction but this fill completely straightened it out and it looks so natural. I also checked in to yelp and got a $5 coupon for checking in. When I presented the coupon I was told they don't accept the yelp coupons and haven't been doing so for a few months now. However, the receptionist was nice enough to give me the $5 discount anyway. I'm definitely a regular now. Thanks again Sophia & cherry lash lounge!
5	This place is fantastic! I had been wanting eyelash extensions for a long time, but didn't want to pay the ridiculous prices that most places charge. I found Cherry Lash Lounge and since they offered very low prices for using their apprentices, I decided to give it a try. I was pretty nervous to see the finished product, but I went in knowing that an apprentice would be applying my lashes so I took that into consideration. My artist was Denise and she had only been working there 2 weeks when I had my lashes done by her. When she was finished and handed me the mirror to check them out, I was very happy with the way they turned out! They were way better than I could have ever hoped for, especially for the price I paid! When I went back 3 weeks later for a fill, she did an even more amazing job than the first time because she had a lot of practice since my initial appointment. Here's the sad part....Denise is no longer an apprentice, so her services cost more now :-( I'm happy that she moved up so quickly, but hate that it will cost me more to have fills done if I want to stay with her. That would be the only drawback to going here, if you stay with the same artist, the prices for services increase as they move up the ladder. Other than that, I highly recommend Cherry Lash Lounge for anyone looking to try eyelash extensions.
4	I was really hesitant to go get eyelash extensions. I have always wanted them, but I am a makeup artist, so I am really picky about my lashes. Plus I have long lashes to begin with, so I really didn't want to hurt any of my real lashes! I did my research and found Cherry Lash was the best, so I made an appointment (ravishing) blindly with Denise in the Henderson location. I'm glad I did because I love them! There isn't too much consultation which I was surprised about, you just choose from tiles what length you want. They don't really look at your current lashes and suggest what would be best, but I guess if someone really doesn't know what they want, i'm sure they'd help. I went ahead and chose the medium-long lashes and told her I wanted it gradual (short near the tear duct, long on the ends), and they really came out perfect. For those of you who are familiar with Ardell falsies, I think Ravishing comes out pretty similar to the Demi Wispies or Wispies falsies (which are my favorite). All in all, a very successful appointment! Looking forward to going back to get a fill in a few weeks.
4	Just had my "Flirty" lashes ($59) done today! I added bottom lashes too but unfortunately the girl who did my lashes is just an apprentice & it's her first time doing bottom lashes so it's a bit incomplete & looks unfinished. So far i love what she did to my upper lashes, the manager didn't charge me for the bottom one since I'm not quite happy with the end result. Staff are very friendly & helpful, no complains on that. Surrounding is very relaxing & soothing, I even fell asleep while they're doing my upper lashes ;) Price is reasonable compared to others. This is my second time with them.
5	I have been going to Cherry Lash for about 4 months now, and I found my perfect lash girl the very first time. Caitie at the Henderson location is so sweet and personable every time I see her, and does an amazing job every time! The place is also very nice along with the atmosphere. Thank you Cherry Lash Lounge and Caitie for my beautiful lashes!!! :)
5	After checking the place out with a free consultation, I was so anxious to get my lashes done that I grew worried I'd set my expectations too high. Unable to find an appointment for a lash artist or master artist, I opted for a "Ravishing" full set appointment with a lash apprentice (which is so inexpensive it's insane).I really couldn't be more pleased and love my fabulous new lashes. Mine are naturally stick straight (which I hate!) but somewhat long, and my lash apprentice Alex somehow managed to get an extra curly set on them at my request. She first tested to make sure they would hold and look right, and planned to use the regular/more relaxed kind if they didn't. She didn't want me leaving with an extra curly set that wouldn't last and fit my eyes poorly, which I really appreciated.She used four different lash sizes to create the cat eye I asked for, and she was so knowledgable and eager to answer my many questions. My lids feel so comfortable, and I can't even feel the extensions on my eyes except for the wispy ends as they skim my browbone. I've had clusters (horrible, never get them) and individuals before, and I could always feel them pricking me when I shut my eyes hard. I always thought this was normal, but apparently I was just going to a bad artist before finally finding this place. Alex was also just a joy to chat with while she did my eyes and offered me water and a blanket to stay comfy in the plush, reclining couch they sit you on (which is standard for all appointments). Alex even went out of her way to speed up the process so I would be early for a flight that was departing right after my appointment. All of the girls I've met here are helpful and friendly. You can tell these artists are proud to work here, which says a lot about their dedication to this painstakingly meticulous craft. The place itself has such a pampering vibe. Most clients fall asleep during their sessions because the couches are so comfy, the room is dimly lit, and there is always chill music playing in the background. The prices are also so reasonable -- we can probably thank high demand for these services in Vegas.I can't wait to go back for a fill.
5	It was my first time here at cherry lash lounge. The place is gorgeous! I was very impressed.  Very relaxing.  I've been doing my lashes for about a year now but by another salon.  I am so upset that I've wasted a whole year at another salon. I was so use to my lashes being uncomfortable and irritating... pain is beauty right? To my surprise the flirty full set I got yesterday feels like my own. It's so light weight and comfortable! My lashes were done by Alex!  She is awesome! Looking forward to getting my lashes done by her from now on! I paid double at my previous salon. The prices here are awesome!
1	Horrible first experience! First time I went there I told her I was new to getting lashes. She didn't care to take the time to show me the different options. I expressed how I wanted ravishing to make my lashes fuller not longer to keep my length. After almost 3 hrs in appointment she apparently didn't listen to what I had to say. They were much longer than I wanted and she didn't add any volume. I had to go in the next day to get my lashes corrected. They said I had 30 mins. The lashes weren't only to long but were moving everywhere and the glue was on my eye where I cannot even put liner on. After 30 mins she had half the lashes removed and said I was done. I had then to ask her what did I pay for if she put them on and then off. She said let me ask and came back to say she would give me more time as if it was a favor for her to do her job correctly. After another 2.5 hrs the length was what I want but the fullness wasn't ravishing like I expected. My lashes are still moving and the right eye hurts when putting on my contacts off and on and I was told by a friend who gets them done all the time it is due to placement. Needless to say after 6 hrs and 2 days. I will never come here again.
2	My first time going to cherry lash lounge was a little over a year! I had the best experience(with Maritza Perez )  but unfortunately this past week I booked am appointment with an apprentice artiest. Mrs. Harmony OMG!!! IDK if she was nervous or what! She dropped lashes all over my face and even had a few land inside my mouth! When she finally was finished my eyelashes looked okay; I thought they were good. the next day most of them had fallen out!!!!! like what the hell I paid for a service and it was not done!!!! Never will I go to her again! Sorry but my hard earned cash went to the garbage!! I suggest one on one training with her this was bull!     P.S Come back Maritza!! :) also I wish I would have known about going back to get them fix! I would suggest a sign of some sort maybe I wouldn't felt like my money was just taken for a service that was not done correctly.
4	Cherry Lash Lounge does just one thing - lash extensions.There are three levels of lash artists. They are apprentice, artist and master, The primary differences are speed and price. This is not a chatty social event. You lay on a recliner that is on a raised platform and your lash person works behind you. It is peaceful and relaxing.It is often difficult to get an appointment so book in advance. They charge you $9 when you book and the balance at appointment time,
5	What would I do without Cherry Lash Lounge in my life? The receptionists are friendly, the ambience is tranquil, and I always leave feeling beautiful. I've heard horror stories about other places in town, but never about Cherry. Been going there for about a year and a half now and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
1	I have gone to Cherry Lash for 2 years now. The first year, my service was amazing. I would easily book an appointment online or with the front staff. However, over the past year, something has definitely changed. I always book my appointments at least 3 weeks in advance, and since October 9, 2013, have been cancelled and rescheduled only after being on hold for 10 or minutes or asking to speak with a manager. Not only that, the lashes used to last me at least a month, and now they are almost all off after 2 weeks (This is with me getting a Fill-PLUS every 3 weeks).I recently asked to speak with the district manager, Ivonne, and after doing so was in tears. She was extremely condescending, and did nothing to help the situation after being cancelled on for the 9th time, because she said it was only the 4th. I have my account records showing it was 9, even though she continued to tell me she didn't see it. I know the prices are alluring, but the customer service is not worth it!!!**Also, I would not trust all the 5-star reviews because they do offer a $10 discount to clients who post reviews and show them at checkout.
4	My first couple visits were challenging because there are so many options. My first visit, the lash artist did not give me any tips on what style, length, etc. I understand somewhat because I'm sure everyone wants something different, but having never worn lashes before, I was a bit overwhelmed. I wore them for six months then took a six month break. I went back in June to Tessa who helped me figure out the best style for my eye shape. She was SO helpful. I have gone back for fills to Donna who is always so gentle during the process. If I feel like talking, we chat; if I need to zone out, she lets me fall asleep. My second go around has been fantastic and I can't imagine not having lashes again.
5	I almost didn't give this a 5 star rating, but if I consider all my visits and the normal customer service, I can't let today spoil the overall good impression I have.  While I was checking in to Yelp ( you get $5 off too), I took a few pics of the lobby, and I noticed the ladies who work here whispering about me.  Then after the one walked away, the other one glanced at me from around her computer. I finally asked is there a problem...she said no...then followed up with a very unfriendly I was not supposed to take pictures in there. This was strange to me, but I could respect their wishes of course, but only wish she was more respectful about it.  Another worker told me this rule is only for the salon area, not the lobby anyway. Ok, other than that, the atmosphere is very relaxing...the chairs comfy....the place is clean and decorated very modern. Of course, the eyelash work they do is great!!  I usually use a different person each time I go, and only was unhappy twice...once when I used an apprentice, and once when a smoker did my lashes.  All the hand washing and gum can't hide the dirty ashtray smell smoking leaves behind. Anyway, I plan to continue to use them for many more years to come.
5	My Wife Zakkiyah Walker is in love with this place.  She's been going for over 3 years now with no complaints.  Her lash tech is Darinka Vega and always does a perfect  job!!
1	Omg didnt even end up going...The lady that answered was very rude. She didnt explain anything to me even though I explained to her I would be a new customer. She just pretty much set up a consultation but wanted to charge me $9 to hold my appointment for less than 24hours away! So wait... youre charging me for WANTING to make an appointment?  I get the reasoning because theyre busy.. why not just charge me to make sure my card is valid but then refund me. And then only charge me if I dont show up??.After the phone call I went on their website (which I should have done before but I figured the staff would be informative) and saw that the "master" staff she set me up with is the most expensive and would have been over $200-250! Umm how about you ask me and inform me about the different levels of staff and the prices especially being new to your business. EFF this place. I feel scammed already
5	Been getting my lashes done for over a year now and  99% of the lash artists I have seen have done a great job! I try to stick with the same artist but I am a last minute kind of girl so they are not always available the times I need. The atmosphere is very relaxing and I have fallen asleep several times while getting a fill.
1	I went there to get lashes and was totally humiliated and told I could only get short lashes that would have spaces in them because my lashes were too short.  My specialist took pictures without my approval and removed the few lashes I had left with a solution that burned my eyes.  She walked away several times.  I feel like she had scheduled another appointment and wanted to rush me outta there.  I have never felt so incriminated for wanting lashes. You go there to get lashes so what is up with that?  My appointment was supposed to be 3 hrs.  Had no problem paying the $249 discounted to $199, but I left feeling hurt and lashed for having no lashes.  Went somewhere else and got the whole set and they look amazing!  I will never go there again.  Maybe it was just me, but I was really excited to go there and get lashes.  Everyone was relaxed and I was made to feel very uncomfortable by being told what I needed to get not what I wanted to get.  I'd think twice before I would have Sophia do your lashes.
5	Brooke was amazing! She took her time with my new full set of lashes and made sure to advise me of how to maintain them. I am extremely impressed!!
4	I have been coming to Cherry since mid July and absolutely love it!  When I first came I had lashes done elsewhere and I had booked a removal back-to-back with a Cleopatra-Apprentice full set.  Joy was amazing my first time!  She really worked hard to try to save my current lashes, but, ended up completely removing and starting with a new set for me.  And I LOVED LOVED LOVED them.  I then went 3 weeks before coming back for my first fill-plus with Brooke (Joy was not available).  And, again she was amazing!!! Both girls gave me the fullness I was looking for without having mile long lashes (my naturals are quite long on their own).  Brooke suggested that since I was trying to keep a very full look that I go bi-weekly with a regular fill, so that is what I did this last time with Hieda (Joy & Brooke have now moved up to the artist level).  I was Hieda's first client on her first day at Cherry.  I'm not sure if it was due to that, or, that it was only a regular fill (even though it had only been 2 weeks), but, I was not as happy with the fullness of my lashes.  The lashes themselves looked very nice (although I did notice the glue appears a little heavy/chunky on some lashes when I got home, but, I think that will improve with experience - she is an apprentice).  So, I have a fill-plus booked this coming weekend (2 weeks since last fill) with Alejandra and hopefully I will get my fullness back, otherwise, I will fork out the additional monies to move up to an artist and book Joy or Brooke again.  All-in-all I am very  happy with my lashes and get compliments all the time!Their system seems to have a hard time refunding you the $9 reservation fee when you cancel with enough notice, but, the last time I was there the girl at the front desk helped me get my $27 overage credited to my current visit.
5	Raquel is the best! Book with her and you won't be disappointed. I've been going here for two years and I have developed a friendship with my lash expert :) I get the new featherized flirty lashes and they last a long time so ask for those! I go monthly now! They accommodate to your needs as much as they can.See you girls at 4 today!
5	Sophia rocks!!  I'm pretty hard on my lashes but Sophia has a way ... they look great and they always last!  I really enjoy Cherry Lash Lounge.  Everyone's very friendly, the place is very clean and it's so comfy and relaxing.
5	I have been going to the rainbow location for over a year now. When I booked my first appointment I tried to book with a master artist, but only lash artist were available. I got lucky booking with Courtney who was a lash artist at the time, but is now a master artist. She does an amazing job with my lashes. I have tried a couple of other places around town, and my lash extensions are falling out after a week. Since Courtney has been doing  my lashes they now last a good 3 weeks before I need a fill.  If you have never had lash extensions before you may think they are high maintenance. Which they are at first, but once you become a pro at caring for them. It just becomes second nature. I got lash extensions because I was traveling for work and would be gone for awhile, and the lash extensions just cut down on my time getting ready. Eye lash extensions are awesome they just make your eyes pop.
5	I love this place! I can't say enough good things about it.I see Tessa and she does an amazing job. I always get compliments on my lashes and have probably told a dozen people so far where to go and who to see.The outside lounge is very comfortable, although I haven't had to wait in it for very long ever. The front desk staff is very polite and the check-in and appointment-making process is very streamlined. You can keep a card on file to make it even easier to book appointments and pay for services. The place gets a little cold so they provide a blanket for you to use while getting your services. The chairs are comfortable and the place is extremely clean. They also sell sealants, both water- and gel-based to use on your lashes, so everything you need is right there.Lastly, they have complimentary bottled water and mints for customers. The cost is really reasonable for this type of service. I came from LA and paid much more for this level of service.
1	WHEN I had my last visit which was yesterday with Gina is sick she was sniffing a lot and she didn't wear mask.. and she was too close to my face and breathing on my face. She stops few times I think because of her colds she was sniffing lots trying to be discrete about it... And when she was done she get more closer brushing my eyelashes and when she spoke she spit on my face.. grosse. .. I was trying to hold back and I did not say anything until I told the front desk... I asked them if they know she was sick... I guess they didn't know ... they were saying they supposedly to ware mask when they are sick... UNFORTUNATELY FOR ME... SHE DIDN'T. ... I HOPE I WON'T CATCH HER COLDS. ... :-(
5	I love this place! been getting my lashes done since April and it's been a bit of an obsession for me now haha. all the girls are amazing. you definitely won't be disappointed!
1	This place used to be amazing but it's really gone downhill. I've been a customer for over 2 years and at first I was very happy. Unfortunately, my last 4 visits have been so bad I will never be back. Here are some examples:1.  For some reason my lash artist decided to remove the lashes and I had in place. Instead of the medium and long thick lashes that I usually get she decided to replace them with short thin lashes. When I left there were twice as many lashes on my left eye compared to my right and overall I had fewer lashes in place than when I arrived. I contacted local manager the store before I left they just kind of shrugged and said sorry you weren't happy with your service.  I finally got ahold of another manager who first told me there was nothing they could do. After some argument they had me drive all they way to henderson where it took almost 3 hours to fix the damage. 2. This time I was called and told I needed to come in half an hour early because they made an error scheduling. When I said I couldn't because I was at work they told me they were going to cancel my appointment. I found someone to work for me showed up at the time they told me and when I arrived they claimed that they never called me. I had to wait over an hour before I was actually seen.3. On this visit the Lash artist asked me if I wanted any changes. I said I wanted to same medium and long thick lashes that I always get. Halfway through my fill I heard her ask for thin medium lashes. When I reminded her that I was supposed to be getting thick lashes she told me they changed the terminology and the ones that were previously called think were now called thin.  At the end of my appointment for my lashes didn't look the same at all and when I commented she told me I was wrong and that is how they always look4 Tonight, I again heard the lash artist ask for thin lashes. When I questioned her about the change in terminology she told me there was no change. She then proceeded to tell me that I wasn't allowed to get the glasses because my lashes were too fine. After much discussion that I have been getting thick lashes for the last two years they finally decided that I was "allowed "to get thick lashes. They told me half my fill would be thin and half my fill would be thick. They spent less than five minutes giving me thick lashes. My lashes today look exactly the same as last time and I am again leaving unhappy.I will not be back
5	I love cherry lash lounge!!! Before cherry I had never  had lash extensions applied, only the strip lashes which irritated my eyes. Needless to say I was a little wary of how my eyes would react with the extension, but was really curious of trying them. When I first went my lash technician was Harmony. SHE WAS AMAZING. When I opened my eyes (after falling asleep during most of the process...those chairs are so comfy!!!) I was amazed by how pretty the lashes looked. It was better than I expected in the fact that I couldn't feel them, and my eyes were not irritated at all.  I have been going back ever since that first visit religiously every three weeks back to Harmony for the last couple months, and will probably keep doing it until I am 100.  I love the confidence boost the lashes give  and that I never have to worry about racoon eyes when I wash my face or go swimming since I never have to wear mascara:))
5	I love Cherry Lash Lounge! The vibe, the quality of their work, and of course the staff. I have been going to Crystal for about 2 months and I adore her. She does an amazing job and is extremely sweet and a fast worker. I would also like to point out the receptionist Jasmine. She is so great at what she does. I just love when she answers when I call or is there when I come in. She makes me feel very special and makes sure I am attended to and comfortable. Keep up the good work guys (:
5	I'm giving Chantel at the rainbow location 5 stars, if there were 10 she would get that!!! She is amazing! On my first visit I showed her a picture of what I wanted she explained to me what my eyelashes would be able to handle as far as weight and thickness. She has done a consistent amazing job every time I visit here. Thank you chantel, and cherry lash lounge for providing a relaxing, professional environment.
5	Love my lashes by Master Artist Linda! She is very consistent + has a lot of knowledge on lashes and how to care for them. Every time I leave the chair my lashes look amazing and how I want it. Linda is professional, but also nice + considerate. She is very passionate about her work and it shows. Totally suggest upgrading to a Master Artist if you can. It makes a difference. Lashes are something you want an expert to apply on you. The entire staff is very friendly and helpful. I love the calm atmosphere. My first time, I asked a lot of questions + everyone had amazing answers that helped me. I would recommend you using the bathroom before you get in the chair. Also purchase the two lash extensions mascara to help upkeep your lashes from the front desk. Book your appointment in advance. The good artists get booked up fast. When one of my appointments was cancelled because my old artist had quit, they gave me a 50% discount on my next appointment without me even asking. I can go 3-4 weeks before a regular fill. I wash my lashes 2 times a week. I brush them twice a day or when its really windy! You will lose one or two lashes a day, but that is natural, as long as the extensions is still connected to your natural lashes, which mine is always still connected. I might try the featherized lashes + colored lashes soon! looks so fun! Im also thinking about getting bottom lash extensions :) I would suggest you to research first, but my eyes never get poked or my lids are never red from my lashes. I would def recommend Cherry!
5	I wanted to wait until I had been coming here a few times before posting a review. So far, I love it! I usually see Crystal, who is a Lash Artist and she has always done a fabulous job. I did try an Apprentice once just to see if there was really a difference and YES there was. Never again. It's not that it was bad, it just wasn't what I wanted. I went back to Crystal afterwards, and she again did a fabulous job.  This last fill, I saw Alex because I waited until last-minute and Crystal was booked and I was desperate. Alex also did a wonderful job! I've finally found a place I can trust and come back to each time I need a fill. Making appointments is so easy online and when you get there, it's hassle-free. I love it!
5	Today was the very first time I've had my lashes done professionally. I had a great experience. I got them done by Dolores,  who is a master artist. She gave me exactly what I wanted! Full lashes, not too long and dramatic. She explained everything thoroughly and it was a pleasant experience :)I got the Ravishing lashes but I believe she added some extra to get a little more fullness, which was very sweet. Eyes were a little irritated at the end, rightfully so. I just took some benadryl.
5	I've been going to Cherry Lash Lounge for almost two years now. I've always wanted to try out lash extensions for a while but was always worried where to go and questioned how it worked. I'm so glad that I took the time, did a little research and chose to go to Cherry from word of mouth because I feel that no one cares more about lashes than the people who work there!Since the very beginning I've been a loyal clientele to Gina for my lashes and I can honestly say I've never been disappointed with her working on my lashes. She always knows exactly what to do. Always does an excellent job making them look so full. I can always go 3 weeks for my next appointment because they stay on that long! I love her work and would definitely recommend anyone to her who's looking for an amazing master artist!!!!
5	This place is very friendly and relaxing. I've been getting my lashes done by Emma since April and she's the best! I've had my lashes done in the past at different salons and was not satisfied.  Highly recommended!
1	THE FAST FOOD OF EYELASH EXTENSIONS! CUSTOMER BEWARE! There's so many things wrong with this business. I went here multiple times to there master level lash techs, spent hundreds if not thousands on there "featherized full set" lashes. Had countless refills here. I was going about once every week and a half to 2 weeks to maintain a featherized full look but for what I was paying it was not worth it at all and was the biggest scam I have ever experienced in Las Vegas and I'll tell you why. 1. This business is not in favor of the customer. They schedules are difficult and inconsistent with timing if you develop a preference for one if there specific eyelash techs and want work done by them you will only be able to book according to there overly filled strictly timed schedules. 2. Once you give your credit card information to them, if you miss even a few minutes or have a serious matter come up to where you are late by accident they are very unforgiving. Even if you are there biggest customer spending around 400+ on full sets weekly. 3. Once the lash tech is done. She is done. She is on to the next client and you can only check out. If you are not happy and need more fullness or missing a gap good luck. You will most likely be forced to reschedule at THEIR convenience even after you have payed hundreds on the spot. 4. I've spent hundreds on a featherized full set but due to there "time slot" regulations I've only had about 80% of my lashes filled, and yes that's with a "master tech"and arriving on time fully. 5. Since there booking is so random be sure not to get too comfy with a lash tech. You'll most likely need to get a fill buy another lash tech since there scheduling is very complex. 6. This place defeats the purpose of a luxury service. Your basically bending over backwards to have synthetic mink applied to your lashes with an extremely weak glue that causes your lashes to fall out during the first week and ride out having gaps in your lashes for the next few until your next fill. My current lashes do not budge at all even after 3 weeks they actually grow out with my lashes rather then gap and look ridiculous. This is problematic if your looking to save money and maintain a voluminous look. 7. This is not the place if your looking to get creative with your lashes and build a relationship with your tech. There's too much scheduling issues and this business is about pumping out "basic lashes" on any woman they can find in Vegas. It's simply all about the money sadly.8. It's just too over priced for what your getting. Look around and you'll find other lash places in Las Vegas if you want to make this be a regular part of your committed beauty regime. 9. At one point a featherized fill was not enough to keep my lashes full due to there time slot regulations so I was forced to book a "fill plus" plus a "mini fill" on top just to maintain a full look that still only covered about 90% of my lashes! I was paying hundreds a week honestly just to maintain a "false eye lash look". My current lash salon "beyond beauty" gets all of my lashes filled in once appointment setting and I have no problems with gaps what so ever. The price is not astronomical as well. This place is really unforgiving, overpriced and lacks any type of luxury feeling for the customer for what you will be spending if you plan to spend a lot here be careful, you'll only be suckered into spending MORE. That's there objective. To make as much money possible in one day. If that's the type of business you want performing a service that involves time, creativity and personalization this is NOT the place to go!
1	At first I thought it was a great idea to eliminate putting mascara every day so I went and have my lash extensions and yes look beautiful and I continue doing them for about 8 months until I starting to have I some gaps on the lashes the lash artist told me that I had those gaps in my own lashes so she could not attached the extensions. In their website they say that it will not hurt your own lashes but it does,  so I stop doing it. Do not buy into it IT DOES MAKE YOUR LASHES FALL. So do not do it. It is a false statement. Maria from Vegas.
1	Don't waste your money!! My lashes fell out within a week. I paid a LOT of money and was one of the worst set of lashes I've ever had.  There is a lot of options these days so ask around to find a good tech that doesn't charge so much!  Fast food of lashes is exactly what they offer.
5	Great lashes, and customer service was excellent. Emma did a great job and was very thorough in explaining aftercare instructions. I definitely recommend this place!
